Home | MuffDiver's Page - Settings
A Cougar Hunting Tale
by MuffDiver
Copyright© 2010 by MuffDiver


Pages: Prev | 1 | 2 | 3 | 4 | Next

?

My name is Stephen Dawson. I'm a 28 year old graduate of the Citadel in Charleston, South Carolina. I'm originally from Sumter South Carolina but since graduating from the Citadel, at age 21 I have been living and working in Charleston. Currently I'm a supervising building construction engineer working for Tidewater Development Inc, probably the largest real estate development concern in the entire southeast part of the US.

After graduating the Citadel I was recruited by Tidewater Development and decided to stay in Charleston and make it my home. Citadel graduates are among the top movers and shakers in the political and business worlds of South Carolina and I was happy to be recruited by the biggest and most influential engineering and development company in the state.

Of course the fact that the Citadel is such a powerful magnet for attracting hordes of beautiful nubile 18 to 22 year old cunts to the many colleges and universities in Charleston, each hoping to snare a Citadel graduate for a husband was also a big factor in my decision to stay in Charleston. A recent survey reported that the ratio of 18 to 24 year old cunts to 18 to 24 year old cocks in Charleston was about four to one.

If you were a cock in Charleston, especially a Citadel cock, getting laid or getting a blow job was not a problem. The real problem was hitting the clubs and bars on the week-ends to cull through the herds of cunts that gathered to sort through all the available virgin, or almost virgin, cunts to find the prizes among all the losers for a week-end hook-up.

For the first three or four years after I graduated and went to work it was a fun game we cocks played chasing after coed cunts down on the East Bay juke joints trying to land premium cunt meat for a couple of nights of good fucking and sucking. But by the time I got to be 25 I was growing very tired and bored with the games we cocks would have to play in order to achieve a hook-up with one of those young cunts. I was about ready to give up on Charleston and move on to some other part of the country when a couple of years ago I stumbled into the most fantastic situation that most young men my age would give a left nut to experience. It's that experience about what happened to me when I decided to begin hunting cougars instead of coed cunts that this story is about and begins about two years ago just a few weeks after I had turned 26.

It was a Friday afternoon about 3:00 o'clock and I was driving over the beautiful Cooper River Bridge heading back to my pad on the Charleston peninsula from the building construction site where I was the supervising engineer in charge of the project to build a 30 story office building that would occupy an entire city block. I was kind of depressed because I had no idea what I was going to do for some week-end fun. My latest live-in coed girlfriend, Amy, who I had been with for only about three months had broken up with me about a week and a half earlier just because I got carried away in the throes of passion one evening and forced her to swallow my cum from a great blow job that she had given me.

I was depressed and horny since I had not had a good piece of ass or blow job since Amy left me. She was the latest little cunt that I had hooked up with in a string of about six or seven coed cunts that I had had relatively long-term relationships of varying lengths of between the shortest of about 7 months to the longest which lasted all of 22 months since I had graduated from the Citadel. I had never gotten depressed after breaking up with one of my former cunts. In fact I always felt liberated with a sense of freedom and looked forward to the hunt for a new cunt to warm my bed and suck my cock. But this time I was depressed because Amy was the first one of all my long term cunts that actually broke up with me. I was the one that had always broken up with all the rest of them and gave them their walking papers when I got bored with them.

But I had had high hopes for that little 19 year old cunt to be "the one" who would be with me for a very long time. For the first time in my life, the possibility of marriage had even entered my thoughts about her.

She wasn't like all the other College of Charleston young cunts. Even though they all had dynamite, well developed women's bodies with big tits and luscious, tight, juicy cunts, in their minds and thoughts they were mostly still just little girls who expected to be constantly wooed with romantic attention, gifts, and fine dining before they would respond with just ordinary heavy petting. You know the kind-- lots of kissy face, feeling up, nipple sucking, finger fucking, maybe a little cunt licking and dry cock sucking that usually ended with just plain standard missionary cock in the cunt fucking with a standard orgasm, and then a good long piss followed by a good night's sleep.

After a while that got just plain boring and also very expensive- a lot more expensive in the long run than if I had just beat my meat and bought a good whore every now and then when I needed to get my rocks off in a cunt, ass, or mouth. But Amy was not like the average fuck slut coed who expected to be "swept off her feet" before she would open up her cunt.

The first time I met her was about three months ago right after I had ditched my previous squeeze as I was cruising the bars and clubs down on East Bay Street doing some "snipe" hunting (read cunt hunting) to see if I could find a suitable cunt to replace my former live-in 20 year old college cunt. But my heart really wasn't in it as I was not expecting to find a young coed cunt that would be any different than all of the previous ones I had hooked up with.

I was at the bar nursing a beer at the High Cotton Bar & Grill on East Bay half-heartedly looking over the supply of cunts. There were six or seven tables full of young honeys sprinkled with a few geeky guys (obvious college studs) as well, all of them downing beers and having a good time.

None of the cunts looked very promising or inviting to me until I got to the fourth table and I saw this beautiful dark haired, tiny young cunt with an absolutely perfect rack of big tits who couldn't have been more than five feet to five feet 2 inches tall. I couldn't see the rest of her body because the table was in the way. But there was something about her- a sensuousness about the way she held her head and moved her body that captured my attention.

I ordered another beer and went through the motions of looking over the other cunts in the place at some of the other tables but I kept returning to her. She was like a magnet to me. Finally as I was making my third pass with my eyes around the room surveying the herd of cunts and my gaze was shifting to her table, she abruptly turned her head and made eye contact with me and narrowed her eyes like a cat and riveted my eyes locked on to hers with a completely expressionless face for about five to seven seconds. I felt a shot of adrenalin course through my body that excited me as I had never seen that kind of reaction out of a cunt before.

Almost always, when a cunt would see me expressing an interest in her, she would respond with a smile, or maybe a wink, with a "come hither" look or some kind of expression that let me know she welcomed my attention. But then when I made a move to get up from my bar stool to go over to her table to ask her for a dance, she just as abruptly broke eye contact and turned her head and attention away from me to the young geeky kid that was sitting next to her.

So I turned back to my beer thinking to myself, "just another young inexperienced cunt that I don't need to be wasting my time on", and I decided that as soon as I finished my beer that I would move on to the next watering hole on East Bay. About ten minutes went by and I was just starting to take a swig of the last of the beer left in my bottle when the people sitting at the bar next to me got up to go to dinner vacating four bar stools to my right. I finished my beer and paid my tab and was turning to the left to get off my stool and leave when I sensed someone slide on to the bar stool on my immediate right and heard this low throaty voice say,

"Not giving up and leaving already are you? You just got here. Didn't you see anything that looked inviting and promising?" I turned back to see who it was and it was her, and I replied,

"Well, I did see one interesting prospect, but it didn't look like she was interested, so I thought I would move on. But maybe I will stick around for a little while. Who knows, maybe my luck will change."

Then she smiled and said, "Now I don't think you are the kind of man that ever depends on luck to satisfy your needs. By the way- my name is Amy. What's yours?"

I smiled and replied, "Well I think you'd be surprised Amy. It never hurts to have a little luck on your side and my name is Stephen, but you can call me Steve."

Then she said, "Well I'm very happy to meet you Stephen. I think I'll call you Stephen. I like that name so much better than just plain old everyday Steve. Stephen has a much classier and sophisticated sound to it."

Then there was a pregnant pause for about half a minute because it was my turn to keep the banter going and all of a sudden for the first time that I could ever remember, I came up dry and couldn't think of anything witty, or interesting to say and I finally said,

"So Amy, I guess you're a cu... , er that is, a coed from over at the College of Charleston aren't you?" I almost screwed up and started to call her a cunt and caught myself just in time and said coed instead. That cracked her up as she broke out laughing and she replied back,

"Oh my God!! Did you really ask me if I was a "coed"? You started to say cunt didn't you? Nobody ever calls us cunts coeds anymore. It's ok Stephen baby. You can call me a cunt because that's what I am alright- a cunt- a damn fine cunt and proud of it too. At least I'm pretty sure I'm a cunt and not a cock because I have to be one or the other and the last time I looked I thought I saw a juicy crack between my legs with a hole at the bottom of the crack just above my ass hole and not a pair of balls and a cock hanging there. I think they call that a cunt. OH C'mon, Stephen! I know you can come up with a better pick-up line than that. You're not very experienced at this sort of game are you? So why don't we try again honey. I'll start ok?"

She got off the bar stool and stood up and stuck her hand out for me to shake and said,

"Well I'm very happy to meet you Stephen. I like Stephen a lot more than Steve. Stephen is so much more sophisticated and classy than just plain old Steve. Now it's your turn honey."

So I laughed as I took her hand in mine and said, "The pleasure is all mine Amy and it's plain to see that you are definitely a classy lady yourself Amy and I really like classy ladies."

"Now there you go sweetie, you got it...", she said, "that was very good Stephen. I knew you had it in you. I really like you too honey. Now where are you from and how old are you anyway baby?; and where did you go to school; and what do you do now?"

I replied, "Whoa, whoa, whoa there Amy! Not so fast honey. Let me see if I can remember all of that. The answers are Sumter South Carolina, 26, the Citadel, and supervising construction engineer on a new 30 story office complex over in Mt Pleasant."

Amy said, "Well I'm impressed. Do you want to dance with me Stephen?"

I smiled with sort of a leer and replied, "Nothing would please me more than to hold you tightly in my arms and dance the night away with you Amy darlin', or almost nothing anyway",

and she returned my grin as we moved out towards the dance floor. She knew what I had alluded to and knew that I was hoping to fuck her brains out before the night was over and she also knew that she had me hooked- and she was right! If she would have dropped her skirt and bared her cunt right there at that moment I would have been on my knees with my face buried in her cunt sucking out her love tunnel and eating up all her cunt juices.

The small combo was playing a set of slow dance type music and while we were dancing close and rubbing our bodies against each other my cock started to come alive from it's normal wrinkly state of about six inches in length and grew a little to that state of smoothness where it would get rid of all the wrinkles but was still flaccid and fairly limp and it fell down to hang down into my right pants leg a couple of inches.

That's what I call the pre-rock hard state or the "cocked but not yet loaded" state, and when it was in that state it was normally about six and one half to seven inches long. When action was imminent, it would quickly expand to rock solid hardness and grow in length to about nine to nine and a quarter inches in length- the "loaded and ready for action" state.

I knew she could tell that my cock was reacting to her because when it started expanding to smooth out the wrinkles, she could feel the bulge in the crotch of my pants and she started to press her pussy hard up against it and began a sensuous grinding motion against it. Then when it dropped down my pants leg, she started rubbing her leg against it. Finally, she whispered in my ear,

"Am I exciting you honey? I can feel your rock hard cock down your pants leg. It feels deliciously good baby."

I whispered back, "You know damn well you're exciting me you little vixen and I love it, but that cock isn't rock hard yet. That's only its "getting ready just in case" position."

With that comment she reached down with her hand to feel around until she found the tip end of my cock and then she leaned back slightly to look me in the eye and asked,

"My God, it feels like it's half way down your thigh now sweetie. Do you mean to tell me that it gets even bigger than that! And when does that happen?"

I thought to myself that this hot little cunt was itching for a hard cock to fill its love tunnel and so I decided to go for broke and cut to the chase and I replied,

"Yes, it does sweetie, and it will get much bigger, and that happens my pretty little squeeze, when action is imminent and Sir Rodney knows that he is about to be called on to perform his duty and satisfy a succulent cunt with a big load of sweet, hot, creamy cum."

She nodded her head and reached up and gave me a quick kiss on the lips and then put her head back on my chest and said in a very contented voice,

"I take back everything I said at the bar Stephen and I apologize. You really do know how to play this game don't you? You're an expert and I really, really like you a lot Stephen."

Then she squeezed me tight and pressed herself harder against me as we continued to dance and sway to the music. I thought to myself, "Hot damn! I'm going to get laid tonight for sure!". And sure enough, about two minutes later she asked me,

"Do you live close by here Stephen?"

I tried very hard to keep the eagerness out of my voice as I replied because I wanted to seem cool and answered, "I sure do honey. I have a very nice apartment about five minutes from here located about half way between here and your college on the corner of Meeting and Clifford Streets."

Then all she said was, "Take me there Stephen. Take me there right now."

_(Now I know reader that you are probably wondering what all this has to do with Cougar Hunting, but just bear with me for a little while longer. You have to understand the state of mind I was in that drove me to hunting for cougars in the middle of the largest and richest herd of deer in the state with soft, juicy tender cunt meat available just for the taking. There were so many of them that I could have had a different one every night of the year to fuck me and suck me off and never put a dent in the herd. So it's understandable that you might think I was crazy to start hunting cougars. Hell, for a while I thought I was crazy myself! Especially when you see what a great piece of ass I gave up when Amy left me in a childish snit because of some pollyanish fairytale she had built in her mind about how to have an enduring adult relationship with a man and I let her go instead of fighting for her. But you'll see. So just bear with me. We're almost there.)_

I really did have a very nice two bedroom apartment with comfortable furniture and all my sports and Citadel memorabilia on the walls and spread around the apartment. When we got there I asked Amy if she wanted a drink or a beer as she was wandering around looking at all my stuff which included assorted photos of all my former squeezes and me and she absent mindedly said, "Sure, why not."

I went into the kitchen not sure if she meant a beer or something else so I decided to mix up a couple of Scotch and sodas making hers kind of weak because I didn't know how much she had already had to drink before I saw her at the High Cotton bar. I sure didn't want her to get drunk and pass out on me. I've fucked a passed out unresponsive cunt before and it wasn't all that satisfying. Actually, it's not much better than just jacking off.

When I came out of the kitchen into my living room with the drinks and Amy wasn't there I called out for her and she replied that she was in my bedroom and to come on back. When I walked through the door there was Amy stretched out on her back buck naked with her legs spread and her fingers spreading her pussy lips open. The pink fleshy gates to her cunt hole were wet with cunt juice and pulsing with anticipation of being folded back to allow entrance of a cock. I was mesmerized with that vision of erotic beauty. Amy said,

"Put those drinks down Stephen and hurry up and get naked. I want to see how long it takes Sir Rodney to spring to full rock-hard attention to satisfy my succulent cunt and fuck me silly."

It took me less than 15 seconds to strip naked and when I dropped my shorts Sir Rodney sprung straight out in all his 9+ inch glory ready for action. Amy took one look and her jaw dropped open and she sputtered out,

"Oh my God! Oh my God! You weren't kidding Stephen! He's magnificent! He's not Sir Rodney! He's King Rodney. Get over here and ram him deep into my cunt all the way to the bone! Quickly, quickly before I lose my courage."

I mounted her in the missionary position and sunk that hard cock into her cunt in one steady thrust all the way until our pubic bones collided. She gasped when it penetrated her cervix and I slowed down to mitigate the pain that I knew she must be feeling as my thick rod spread her cervix apart and entered her womb. When I hit pubic bone to pubic bone bottom, I paused for a few seconds and then made a move to pull my cock back to begin fucking her with in and out pumping of my cock and she quickly said,

"Stop Stephen! Stop! Don't' pump in and out yet. Let's rest for a minute or two and let my womb channel adjust and stretch a little bit. I have never had a cock this far up into my cunt before."

And then she took her fingers of her right hand and started poking her stomach and finally stopped with her finger on a spot about an inch below her belly button and slightly to the right of center.

Then Amy said to me,

"Put your finger where mine is Stephen and press down kind of hard."

I did as she asked and she said, "Do you feel that hard bump honey?"

I replied, "Yeah I do, in two places- on my finger where I'm pressing down and on the end of my cock in your cunt. That's really weird!"

Amy giggled and said, "No its not weird honey. That really is the end tip of King Rodney more than half way into my womb! That's fantastic and extremely erotic. I've never had a cock penetrate me all the way through my cervix into my womb. I think you might even be pressing on the back wall of my womb. You're the first Stephen to fill my womb with your hard love rod and God how I love it. It means that when King Rodney empties your cum sac and shoots all your cum out it will fill up my womb and very little of it will leak out back through my cervix."

Then after a couple of minutes during which I could feel her flexing her cunt muscles and rippling them along the length of my cock shaft she sighed and said,

"Ok, baby. It feels pretty good now and doesn't hurt any at all anymore. So go ahead and fuck me Stephen. Fuck me hard and deep baby and fill me up with your hot cock sauce."

I started pumping my hard rod in and out of her cunt and womb in a slow languid five inch stroke that brought the head of my cock all the way out of her womb and cervix into her cunt about an inch from the cervix entrance thinking to take my time and enjoy the build up to a fantastic orgasm. But after the second in stroke Amy cried out,

"Oh Jesus! That feels so good ... oh God ... Oh what a fantastic feeling ... fuck me baby ... fuck me, fuck me, fuuuuuckkkk mmmeeeeeee..."

and she threw her legs around my body and grabbed my ass buns with her hands and began pulling my body hard against her as she started frantically humping her cunt hard up into my thrusting cock trying to drive it deeper into her womb and so I started pumping my hard rod in and out of her in ever quicker, shorter three and two inch strokes never leaving her tight cervix which drove us both to the highest levels of exquisite, erotic, orgasmic, pleasure so intense as to be almost painful.

As we approached the stratospheric peaks of our orgasms I could feel the cum boiling up out of my balls as Amy was going wild clawing at my back and biting my nipples as her passion began boiling over. Just as my cock began exploding and shooting massive jets of cum into her womb she arched her back and thrust her cunt up into me in a powerful move that physically lifted me and screamed out in ecstasy as her orgasm hit its peak,

"OH GOD, OH GOD ... I'M DYINGGG ... AAAHHHHHHHHHIIIIIIIIIIIIEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE... !, and then she collapsed under me and fell into a trance like state for almost three minutes.

_( A couple of days later Amy went to a tattoo parlor and had a tiny bulls eye about a quarter inch in diameter with the label King Rodney around it tattooed on her belly to mark the spot for how far up into her womb I penetrated her.)_

We were laying there on our sides facing each other with my cock still in her cunt, although by then it had shrunk back to it's normaI limp size of about six inches long. But even in its limp state King Rodney still filled the entire length of her cunt tunnel with his head resting against the narrow opening of her cervix at the end of her cunt channel. I was monitoring Amy's breathing while suckling on her plump nipples and was beginning to get concerned when she finally stirred and said in a soft whisper,

"Stephen my darling, that was unbelievable. Just purely unbelievable! Never in all my imagination, dreams, and wildest fantasies did I ever believe it was possible to be fucked to such a giant peak of orgasmic ecstasy. Can I spend the night here with King Rodney? " Then a slight pause and before I could answer yes she added, "Oh, and with you too of course Stephen darling."

Well that began two and a half months of the wildest and sometimes most far out sex that I had ever had. She was an amazing cunt and totally unpredictable as to what she would do next. The extent of her repertoire of sex acts far exceeded mine for sure. I remember one night about four weeks after she had moved in with me, we were resting on the couch after two quick rounds of fucking watching some inane TV movie, when she abruptly told me to lay down on my stomach which I did and she pulled my ass buns apart with her hands and then squatted over my asshole and let loose a quick spurt of her pee from her cunt onto my asshole and then laid down with her face on my ass and started licking and sucking on my asshole to loosen it up.

And when it was loose enough she stuck her hard tongue into my ass and tongue fucked my asshole for five minutes. It was a really cool feeling. Not the cunt fucking orgasmic kind of feeling but a pleasant kind of stimulating soothing feeling of her tongue licking the soft tender flesh all around the inside of my asshole and exciting all of the exposed nerve endings just inside my anus.

On another occasion when we were cuddling on the couch she asked me if I liked the taste of cum and I thought she might be trying to find out if I was bi and liked to suck cocks. _(I'm not and I don't by the way, but I don't mind when someone else does. Different strokes for different folks is my attitude)_. I told her that I loved the taste of cum but only when it came out of a cunt that I was sucking out. I said that I especially loved it as a cream pie out of a cunt all mixed up with great tasting cunt juice.

Then she said that was good and asked me to scoot my butt forward on the couch so that it hung right on the edge exposing my asshole and she stuck her longest finger up my ass and started massaging my prostate gland as she was jacking me off and sucking on my cock and she told me to warn her when I was going to cum. It didn't take long with her finger up my ass massaging my prostate and when I told her my cum was boiling up out of my balls she aimed King Rodney at her tits and covered them both with my thick white creamy cum. Then she quickly laid down flat on her back and told me to lick her tits and suck on her cum covered nipples and she wanted to know if it felt like her tits were giving milk.

During those first few weeks I only noticed one queer aspect of her wide open, anything goes, attitude for having mind blowing sex and that was a strange reluctance to swallow my big loads of cum whenever she sucked off my cock with her mouth. She had this habit of holding all my cum in her mouth until I finished shooting my load and then she would hurry to the nearest sink or toilet to spit it out, or if we were in bed, spit it into a cup that she kept on her nightstand next to the bed. I thought it was a strange habit for someone who liked to suck out asses and tongue fuck ass holes, but I didn't let it bother me since I was getting all kinds of other exciting and perverted sexual services from Amy.

Amy really liked getting fucked in her ass and she always wanted me to ass fuck her at least once when we were getting it on in a marathon fucking session. A lot of her kinky desires also involved pissing. She loved for me to piss in her ass and cunt after I finished shooting my cum into her when I was fucking her in either of those two holes of hers, and she especially loved for me to stick my cock back in her mouth after she had sucked me off and finished spitting out my cum and then have me piss in her mouth and down her throat.

The first time she did that after we had been together for about three weeks, I asked her where she had learned all the kinky things she was so good at because none of the cunts that I had ever been hooked up with before knew anything about how to massage prostates or tongue fuck assholes or liked to drink piss or get pissed into their cunts and asses. She blew me away when she answered me and said,

"My daddy taught me all of that Stephen. He and my momma said that it was a necessary part of my training for becoming a whore."

I was flabbergasted at her reply and said, "Oh my god! I'm so sorry for you honey. It must have been horrible for you to be abused so badly like that by your own father and then have your mother go along with it. When did your father first rape you."

Amy looked surprised at my reaction and said,

"Oh no Stephen! You have it all wrong. Daddy didn't rape me. I begged him to fuck me when I was twelve right after I started my periods and told him that I wanted to be a whore like momma is. That's when momma said that she was proud that her little girl wanted to follow in her footsteps as a whore, but that it wasn't an easy profession and if I wanted to be a whore that there was a lot I had to learn in order to be a really successful whore and not an average whore like momma turned out to be."

Momma said that she had been whoring ever since she was 13 before she really knew how to be a good whore, and she became a street walking whore until she was 17 and then screwed up and got knocked up and had me when she was 18. She said it was daddy that saved her from becoming an unrecoverable bottom of the barrel alley whore when he found her strung out on drugs at age 28 on her knees sucking cocks in an alley for $5 a pop."

"Daddy said that when he found mama that in spite of being a skanky alley whore, she still had a dynamite body with a fantastic hour-glass figure with a real good juicy cunt, big firm tits and full fleshy soft lips perfect for sucking on cocks and balls and he recognized the potential in mama for becoming a first class whore and so he took her in to come live with him, cleaned her up, got her off drugs, and added her to his string of whores that he pimped for. When he found out she had a 10 year old bitch, me, he agreed to let me come live with him too. Mama was really, really happy when I told them that I wanted to be a whore just like mama."

Then I said to her that it sounded to me like the man she was calling "my daddy" wasn't really her daddy, but instead was just her mama's pimp and she got very angry and indignant with me and said,

"He is too my daddy. If you mean to say that he wasn't the man who fucked mama to make her pregnant with me, that might be true. Mama says she doesn't know who made her pregnant and that it could have been any one of fifty or sixty johns that she was fucking and sucking off on the streets at that time when she was 17 and 18 years old."

"She said that daddy is the only man who ever showed her any kindness and has been very good to both mama and I. Under his loving protection he got mama up to being able to average $150 to $200 a trick which she is still pulling down performing three to four tricks a day, six days a week. She said that easily pays for my college education with lots left over and we were very lucky to have him for her pimp husband and my daddy and that I should always love him and be very good to him and obey him in all things."

"So right after I had my first period two weeks after my 12th birthday, mama said that if I was really serious about becoming a whore like she was that it was then time for me to express my deep love and gratitude to daddy for taking us in to his home and taking care of us and give him my cherry by asking him to fuck me to break me in and to start teaching and training me to become a whore, but not a whore like mama was, just an average $!00 to $200 a trick kind of whore, but a real high class whore who could earn many, many thousands of dollars a trick fucking and sucking off men's cocks."

"Mama said that it was too late for her to become that kind of whore because she was too old with a worn out cunt and ass and had squandered the best whoring years of her life from 20 to 30 walking the streets and fucking and sucking off johns in the front seat of cars and in alleys until daddy found her and made her into a respectable call-girl, hotel whore. She said that with the right kind of training- the kind of training that only daddy could give me, I had the potential for becoming a truly legendary high class whore. And that's what I did. So I asked daddy to fuck me and break my cherry and train me to become a high class whore."

"I'll never forget that first cunt fuck with daddy. It was a marvelous experience. He was so gentle with me and licked and ate out my cunt and pussy until I had my very first orgasm so my cunt would be really juicy and soft and flexible inside when he stuck his thick cock in me. Then he took his time slowly working his cock through my cherry so it wouldn't hurt as he split my cherry and filled my cunt with his cock and began a slow, deep, pumping until I had a fantastic second orgasm just as his cock exploded and filled me up with his hot, smooth cum."

"When he was finished he told me to take his cock in my mouth and suck it out and eat all the cum that was still left in his cock. It was delicious. Daddy said that I was one of the best cunts he had ever had and I had the makings of a real top flight whore and he said that he would train me and teach me how to be an out of this world whore that could command thousands of dollars per engagement. But he made me promise that I would do everything that he asked me to do and that I would work hard and never argue with him when he asked me to learn how to do degenerate and perverted sex acts and he warned me that if I ever disobeyed him or refused to do anything he asked me to do that he would put both mama and me out on the street to fend for ourselves as whores. I promised him that I would always obey him and would love him with all my heart."

"Then daddy told me that it would not be enough to just be an expert at giving men all the different kinds of mind blowing conventional cunt, ass, and mouth fucking sex as well as some of the more far out degenerate and perverted sex they might want and need like sucking out their asses, tongue fucking their assholes, cum eating blow jobs, drinking piss from a cock, fucking dogs and sucking off dog cocks and eating up doggie cum, and so on."

"He said that in order to attract the kind of wealthy, powerful men that would pay thousands of dollars to possess my body that I would have to be a very beautiful, glamorous, sophisticated and educated lady that they would be proud to be seen with in public with me on their arms as eye candy. And in private when we were not fucking and sucking they would be enchanted by my capability for having serious conversations on their level about all sorts of subjects that were important to them and their world such as politics, finance, economics, philosophy, and the like."

"For the next five or six years after daddy broke my cherry until just before I was 18 daddy made me go to school all the way through high school during the day and monitored my grades closely to make sure I was applying myself, and during the evenings daddy and mama both taught me how to be a world class whore and made me perform all different kinds of degenerate and perverted sex acts on both of them every evening until I had become so used to doing them that I began to really enjoy doing them and could concentrate on perfecting my techniques."

"Daddy says that I am now an expert practitioner at delivering any kind of conventional or degenerate sex act you might have a hankering for with genuine enthusiasm, delight, and consummate skill that will send my johns into a whole new universe of exquisite, mind blowing, orgasmic pleasure. That's when daddy said it was time for me to start concentrating on making myself into a highly educated, classy, sophisticated woman of the world and so that's why I'm here at the College of Charleston majoring in political economics with minors in business finance and philosophy."

"Daddy said that when I graduate at age 20 that he would sponsor me into the world of high class whoring and told me that with the good management, that he would provide, that I could look forward to earning at least two million dollars in my first ten years of whoring. He said that the prime earning years for a world class $4000 to $5000 whore was from age 20 to 33 and if she took good care of her body along the way she could stay active as a very much in demand second tier $1500 t0 $2500 whore until she was 39."

"Then he told me to see if I could find a good fuck mate that wouldn't care if I was planning to be a whore so that I could keep on regularly practicing all the sex acts that daddy taught me for the three or four years I would be in college to make sure my sexual skills and techniques would remain sharp until my debut as a high class whore."

"So now you know my whole story Stephen and the question I have for you is this: Would you like to have me for your exclusive fuck and suck mate for the next three of four years?"

I replied, "Wow!! That is one hell of a story sweetie and absolutely yes!, yes!, yes!-you can be my fuck and suck mate and move in with me for just as long as you want baby- or at least until you finish school and decide to become a high class whore!"

Amy thought for a second and said, "Well what about after I finish school and begin my whoring career Stephen? Can't we still live together? It wouldn't bother you if I was a whore would it? I mean it doesn't bother daddy a bit that mama is a whore. In fact he likes her being a whore and he helps her find johns to fuck and suck. You could help daddy manage my whoring career baby."

I said, "Well I'll have to think about that for a while Amy. I've never thought about how I would feel if my woman was fucking and sucking off other men all the time. On the other hand, I have to admit that the idea of having my woman be in so much demand by wealthy, powerful men who would be willing to pay four or five thousands of dollars for a few hours of her time to have their cocks and asses serviced by her cunt, mouth and ass is very appealing to me, provided of course, that she always remembers to take care of all my powerful sex needs first before anyone else. So let's just play it by ear for a while sweetie to see how it goes."

Amy replied with a smile and a leer and said, "Well that's good enough for me Stephen and baby you never have to worry about your needs being taken care of first. I don't think I will ever find another cock as magnificent as King Rodney is. He fills my cunt better than any other cock could ever hope to match and he never seems to run out of his exquisite, velvety smooth, sweet tasting, cum and always fills my cunt, ass chute and mouth to overflowing every time I ask him to satisfy my cunt, mouth, or ass with a big load of his marvelous cock sauce."

That sealed the deal between Amy and me and for the next two months I had the most fantastic sex of my life. That little cunt never let a day go by after I would get home from work without making sure that I got at least two, and often three great orgasms spread between cunt fucks, great mind blowing cock suckings, ass fucks, and ass hole tongue fucks.

As I said earlier, I was considering actually marrying the little bitch after she finished school and actually proved her ability to pull down $4000 to $5000 dollar fees for fucking and sucking off these wealthy, powerful, men that would buy her sexual services that her daddy promised he would find for her. The idea of having a legal claim as her husband on at least half of her earnings if she really could command those kinds of fees as a whore sounded very attractive to me.

_(I was willing to marry her if she turned out to be the true high priced whore that her daddy promised her she would be, pulling down sixteen to twenty thousand dollars a month working just one 24 hour whoring engagement a week. At those rates I would have set her up for two engagements a week and double our income (tax free) - half of which would be mine. But I would not marry her if she turned out to be just a routine call girl whore who could not command more than $500 to $1000 tops for a two to four hour trick like most call girl whores. She would almost have to be a full time whore averaging two tricks a day for six days a week to even come close to earning the $16000 to $20000 a month that she could earn working just one overnight 24 hour engagement a week with high class wealthy johns like the kind her daddy described, and that wouldn't leave much time for her to fuck and suck me off, and for what little time that I could steal between her tricks, I would have to be constantly putting up with a sloppy cunt and ass full of cum from her many johns.)_

So I was very happy with Amy and felt like I had struck real pay dirt when I picked her up at the High Cotton Bar and Grill when about two and a half months into our relationship we decided to stay home one Friday evening and get high on some good high grade pot.

We were both pretty high and she had already sucked out my ass and given me a great ass hole tongue fucking and I had just finished reaming out her ass with King Rodney driving her to a massive orgasm, but because of the effects of the pot I had not yet orgasmed to shoot my load of creamy cum in her ass chute and my balls were heavy with cum. So I pulled out of her ass and asked her to suck me off which she eagerly did.

Amy's favorite time to suck off King Rodney was right after he had been buried deep in to her ass driving her to exquisite heights of orgasmic pleasure. She grabbed my hard, throbbing, nine inch love rod by the root with her hand and began licking the shaft clean of her ass grease from the root to the tip of the cock head with her wet tongue slicking it up all over. Then she began jacking off the lower part of the shaft with her hand as she took the head and first five inches into her mouth to begin her patented combination sucking and tongue swirling action inside her mouth while jacking off the lower half with her hand. That action always drove me absolutely crazy.
Continues...

Pages: Prev | 1 | 2 | 3 | 4 | Next

Home | Top | MuffDiver's Page |   Feedback to author


Home | MuffDiver's Page - Settings
A Cougar Hunting Tale
by MuffDiver
Copyright© 2010 by MuffDiver


Pages: Prev | 1 | 2 | 3 | 4 | Next

Continuation...

Normally when Amy would suck me off I would just relax and let her work her oral magic at her own pace and just lay back and enjoy the wonderful building feelings of impending orgasm generated by the churning of the cum in my balls as it started up on the path to my cock until it finally exploded in a burst of sheer painful pleasure flooding her mouth with my sweet, creamy, satiny cum which she would hold in her mouth until the spurting flow would subside and she would then spit it all out into the cup on her nightstand.

But this time I was in such a pot induced spaced out and elevated state of erotic passion and lust that when my cum started rising up out of my balls I had this giant uncontrollable urge and need to ruthlessly fuck her mouth and I grabbed Amy's head with both of my hands and began thrusting King Rodney in and out deep into the back of her mouth and down her throat.

In my frantic sexual passion I was dimly aware of Amy choking on my cock and struggling to pull her head back away from me and off of my cock to catch her breath, but I was too strong for her and I made one very strong thrust deep into her throat just as King Rodney exploded in a series of ten to twelve strong orgasmic ejaculations shooting thick wads of cum down her throat into her stomach.

Amy was choking on the flood of cum that I shot in to her belly, some of which she had sucked in to her windpipe and lungs as she was fighting for air to breathe and her struggles were getting very weak as my passion subsided and I finally withdrew my cock from her mouth. I was laying back on the bed basking in the afterglow of the massive orgasm she had just given me and Amy was laying with her head on top of my crotch gasping for air with my now limp King Rodney draped over her upper lip with residual cum leaking out and dripping into her open gaping, gasping mouth. After a few minutes I said,

"Amy, my sweet little cunt, that was the most fabulous and erotically satisfying cum eating blow job anyone has ever given me. You are definitely my kind of woman and you've hooked me baby. I'll marry you honey and I don't care if you become a whore or not. You are my woman now."

By then Amy had regained her breath and was coughing up cum out of her windpipe and lungs all over my crotch and in between coughs she replied,

"It will be a cold day in hell before I ever agree to let you marry me you rotten, son-of-a-bitching, shit eating, bastard!! You raped me and damned near killed me and made me eat your cum and I will never forgive you for that you filthy bastard! That's an honor and a privilege I reserve only for my daddy and his thick, sweet, delicious cum and now you have violated it making me break my promise to my daddy that I would never swallow and eat any other man's cum except his delicious creamy cum unless I was being paid good money to do it. I will never be your woman you son-of-a-bitch. We're finished Steve-through, kaput, over. I'm going to collect my things and get the hell out of here and you will never see me again!"

The ferocity of her outburst and the rage in her eyes took me by surprise and I said,

"I'm sorry Amy honey. I'm truly sorry. I didn't mean or plan to be so rough with you baby. I just got so damned excited at the way you were making love to King Rodney that I just lost control of myself. You're the best cocksucker I've ever had- a real world class talent darlin'. Please forgive me baby and come here and give me a hug now and help me understand what I did wrong so I won't ever do it again."

She snarled back at me, "You got that right you bastard. You damn sure won't ever do it again because I'll never ever give you a chance to make me eat your cum again."

I said, "Please Amy. Please baby. I don't understand. You have always said that you love the taste of my cum so I don't understand why it's so bad for you to swallow it."

Then she said, "Because Stephen, I promised my Daddy that his cum would be the only man's cum that I would ever allow to slide down my throat into my belly unless I was performing as a whore and was being paid to eat cum. Daddy told me that every top whore always reserves one part of her sexual talents for her very own special man and I swore to daddy that he would always be my very own special man and that I would always be his woman and would never eat any other man's cum without being paid except his."

I realized she was serious and really believed that load of crap her pimp daddy had filled her head with and I said,

"Holy smokes Amy! You really believe that bullshit your daddy has told you, don't you? What are you going to do when you become a high class whore honey? Don't you understand that the kind of wealthy men you will want to service will expect and demand that you provide them free samples of your talents before they will agree to pay you such big sums of money for your services."

"So you will end up having to suck off lots of men that will expect and demand that you gobble up their loads of cum and swallow it all down with delightful expressions of joy and glee at how wonderful it tastes and how good and warm it makes you feel as it spreads out all over inside your body as a free demonstration of your whoring skills? That's what all whores do baby!! They excite their johns by sucking the cum out of their john's cocks and eating it and washing it down into their bellies with streams of piss out of their john's cocks."

"Now c'mon angel, calm down and come over here and give me a big hug and open your eyes and start seeing the world for what it really is and not some fairy tale line of crap your pimp daddy has sold you to make you want to whore for him and make him a fortune. You don't have to eat my cum anymore if you don't want too. I get my jollies out of cumming in your mouth when you suck me off although I will admit that it does intensify my pleasure whenever a cock sucking cunt swallows my cum instead of spitting it out. You're going to be eating lots of cum when you become a full time whore anyway. So be reasonable sweetie and let's work this out."

My pleadings had no effect and in ten minutes she had all of the few things she had brought over to my apartment stuffed into her duffel bag and she left in a snit slamming the door on her way out. At the time I remember thinking to myself,

"Good riddance. Who needs a stupid little cunt like her anyway that believes in the kind of fantasy fairy tales that her so called pimp "daddy" was feeding her so that she would become his sex slave and money making whore."

But now I was regretting not having her around to suck out my ass and tongue fuck my asshole, to drink my piss after sucking me off, and spreading her cunt lips open for me to fuck or suck out her hot tight pussy raw every day when I got home from work.

So as I was driving home that Friday afternoon in my big GMC pick-up trying to decide where to go over the week-end to look for some badly needed fucking and sucking action, and at the same time feeling depressed and sorry for myself at the prospect of having to get back into the snipe hunt for some young, fresh, tight pussy given my experiences over the past few years with coed cunts, I happened to remember an article I read in the Charleston City Paper a few months ago about the vast number of Charleston cougars available, and mostly willing, to satisfy the appetites of hungry young 20-ish men like myself at age 26.

I said to myself, "Well why not try to find a little older, more mature good looking woman to hook up with who will not be such a high maintenance "drama queen" that has to be courted and taken care of like those high cost "prick teasing" coeds who expect to be showered with gifts, constant attention and expensive dinner dates before they will unlock their cunts to King Rodney."

The article said that cougars are found among cunts between the ages of about 33 to 55 and there are mainly three basic types of cougars - married women mostly in the 33 to 39 age group who basically love their husbands but for one reason or another have become dissatisfied with their sex lives; maybe because their husband's sex drive has diminished, perhaps as a result of the stress or focus on building a business or from just earning a living, or maybe because married sex has become too perfunctory, routine, and predictable as in mostly missionary style "wham, bam, thank you ma'am and roll over to sleep", leaving those wives unfulfilled and so frustrated that they end up having to finger-fuck themselves to orgasm.

And so these sexually deprived and unhappy mature women look for some vigorous young guy to clandestinely hook up with from time to time who will have the drive and stamina to give them the exciting kind of totally fulfilling sex they are looking for whether it's conventional or degenerate sex.

Another type are the single professional women in about the 36 to 44 age group who have built successful careers perhaps as lawyers, bankers, consultants, or business executives, and are now confident, financially independent, secure in themselves women, who had put all their focus and energies during their 20's and early thirties in building a career and not on their sex lives, but who are now successful women who know what kind of sex they want from a man and have the financial means to get it.

They have no qualms in looking for young hard cocks who are up for any kind of conventional or degenerate sex and appreciate a woman who doesn't have to be "romanced" and knows how to take the lead by asking for exactly what she wants taking the pressure off the man to guess what will satisfy her like we almost always have to do with young "teeny-bopper" coed cunts. These kind of cougars are used to leading and aren't bashful about buying the drinks and paying for the dinners out when they find a young hard cock that can satisfy their hunger for wide open sex and have the staying power and stamina for second, third, and fourth rounds producing big loads of cum each time.

And then a third type of cougar are widowed or divorced single women in about the 42 to 55 year group who may or may not have had good sex lives as married women but now find themselves as free sexually experienced women in the prime of their sexual years, perhaps a little lonely sleeping alone, and are anxious to spread their wings and "catch up" by sampling all the kinds of sex that maybe they did not get to try when they were tied to just one man and they are looking for hard young bodies who are capable of busting a nut in their horny cunts or mouths or asses many, many times during a hot session of sex.

These kinds of cougars tend to be the insatiable ones that are trying to cram as much sex into their lives as they can before they hit their menopause and their cunts dry up and their bodies begin to show their age. They are the ones most willing to engage in all types of perverted and degenerate sex acts such as tongue fucking ass holes and drinking piss out of a cock, or fucking and sucking off dogs, giving with energy and passion as good as they receive from their young studs.

The newspaper article identified three or four popular nightspots in Charleston and its surrounding suburbs that were favorite cougar hangouts like the Pavilion Hotel Bar, the Vendue Inn Rooftop Bar, the Social Wine Bar, and Pearlz- all on East Bay St between Market Street and Broad Street along with many other popular clubs and bars. That piece of Charleston real estate on East Bay is also the best hunting ground for bagging some ripe young coed cunt almost any night of the week.

I was familiar with all of them although I had never thought those particular spots were the best hunting grounds for picking up willing tender coed cunts. Raval's on King Street directly next door to the College of Charleston and Henry's Bar on Market St are head and shoulder's sure fire spots for picking up first class coed cunts looking to get shagged, especially virgin cunts ready and willing to have their cherries popped by the "right" cock. And all it takes to be a "right" cock is to be a rock hard cock.

Anyway, after my experience with Amy, I decided to go hunting for cougars and I hit all of the advertised cougar hangouts on East Bay that first Friday night. I had frequented those bars and clubs many times before when I was cruising to land some hot young coed cunt to warm my bed and suck off my cock and fuck me silly.

During those times I was focused like a laser on coed cunts and took little or no notice of older attractive, sexy women who may have been available as well. But this time I was searching out real cougars and was very pleasantly surprised to find so many great looking sexy older cunts who obviously were in their thirties and forties.

I started my hunt early at about 6:00 pm at the Pearlz Bar hoping to hook a mature hot cougar cunt early in the hunt before too many hunters clogged up the hunting grounds. By 6:30 the Pearlz Bar was full of coed cunts as well as a fair number of cougars-maybe 20 to 25 of them and I lost no time in circulating among the cougar herd buying drinks, making small talk and asking them to dance and just generally hitting on any that looked like they were interested.

A couple of them groped me in the crotch on the dance floor when King Rodney was semi-hard making me think that I was about to score, but nothing came of it and after about an hour and a half I moved on to the Vendue Inn where I followed the same routine for about another hour with no bites when I retired to sit at the bar nursing my bruised ego with a scotch trying to figure out why I couldn't get at least one of them interested in heading back to my place for a quiet "nightcap". At least four or five of the women I had danced with had groped King Rodney and commented on how big he was making me think that I was about to score with them, but nothing at all ever panned out from those encounters.

As I was sitting at the bar in frustration, one of the cougars who I had danced with earlier at the Pearlz and had groped my cock came up to the bar and sat down next to me and said,

"Steve, I think you're out hunting for cougars tonight hoping to bag a willing cougar cunt to fuck your brains out tonight aren't you?"

She startled me with that question and in my confusion I blurted out without thinking,

"WHAT!? I don't understand what you're talking about. What's a cougar?"

She chuckled and said, "Oh c'mon Steve honey. Don't be flustered now. You know what a cougar is and there's nothing wrong with hunting cougar cunts. I bet you read that piece in the Charleston City Paper three or four months ago about Charleston Cougar's didn't you? Admit it now."

I gave her a sheepish grin, "Yeah you're right. I did read it but didn't think too much about it at the time because I had me a full time live-in coed with a tight, hot cunt that had been taking care of all my needs every night for the last three months or so until we split up last week because of some idiotic stupid idea that had been put in her head by her pimp daddy. So I decided that this time I would try to find a willing cougar cunt to hook up with."

Abby squealed with delight and said, "AHA! Congratulations to me. I had you pegged just about right honey as a real horny cocksman who had just been cut-off by some prima donna coed cunt and thought that the pickings would be easier among desperate cougars. Well I'm here to tell you that true cougars are not desperate bitches baby."

"They are strong, confident women who know what they want and how to get it. Hell, I'm a cougar myself and proud of it! I've been watching you since the Pearlz and followed you over here to the Vendue and it's clear to me that you are looking for fresh cougar cunt meat, only you're going about the hunt all wrong baby. You just haven't learned how to play the game yet and I'm here to help you."

By then I had recovered my composure and replied with some skepticism in my voice, "All right then, uh, uh, Abby isn't it?" She nodded yes and seemed pleased that I remembered her name and I continued, "I'm listening Abby. So what is it that I'm missing in this game as you call it? You seemed pretty impressed with my equipment when you groped it when we were dancing back at the Pearlz."

Abby laughed again and said, "Oh there isn't anything at all wrong with your equipment honey. I was indeed very impressed. Even though I haven't seen it yet, from what I felt, I'm pretty sure you have a very big love rod that any woman would love to have filling her love channel. No, your problem sweetie is that you think you have to hunt for cougars just like you hunt for teeny bopper coed cunts."

"But you don't hunt cougars baby. Real cougars are powerful, ferocious predators that hunt down and kill their prey and eat them for food. The cougars in this room are just like those real animal cougars. They are strong, confident cunts that are on the prowl hunting for the right prey for eating, not in the literal sense of eating for food, but in the sense of cum and cunt juice eating and having their sexual needs for fucking and sucking totally satisfied until their appetites are completely sated."

"You have to understand that in this game you are the prey and not the hunter. So what you have to do is to learn how to be the prey and make yourself look good and very attractive to cougars on the prowl, just like all those little coed cunts do when they wear skin tight clothes advertising their big firm tits and succulent juicy cunts."

"Cougars don't like to be treated as prey sweetie. So when you were working the crowd at the Pearlz and here at the Vendue earlier this evening hitting on cougars and aggressively trying to pick one up for an overnight hook-up, you were acting as a hunter and all you accomplished was to turn them off to you. Cougars like to be in the lead- in charge and setting the pace with submissive prey."

"Premium prey for cougars are young men with hard, fit bodies and a bigger than average package in their crotch and not necessarily pretty boy looks. Looks can help but the most important criteria is a bigger than average love rod with a pair of oversize balls with the stamina and drive to bang away dropping big loads of cum wherever the cougar desires you to drop your cum loads- either in her cunt, ass, or mouth many, many times during an evening engagement. The bottom line is that it's a total role reversal. When you go out hunting for fresh young coed cunts, you are the hunter and the coeds are the submissive prey. But when you start looking for cougars to hook up with, you have to let the cougars be the hunters and you become one of the submissive prey."

I thought about everything she said for a minute or two and finally said, "OK Abby. I guess I can see the logic in everything you have had to say and it does make sense to me. But what do I have to do and how do I have to act to make myself look like an attractive, submissive prey to a prowling cougar. I mean, I'm not a sissy boy and I sure don't have any experience at being submissive that's for sure."

Abby grinned at me and replied, "Relax sweetie. You don't have to do anything except be yourself and don't go around circulating through the crowd drawing attention to yourself and hitting on women trying to charm them with your great good looks and physical assets."

"The one thing that you might do is to start wearing better fitting clothes that aren't so baggy and will highlight your well toned body and muscles. I don't mean to start wearing tights or anything like that but just some better fitting shirts and pants that will emphasize the great physical shape that you're in. It wouldn't hurt for you to wear some tighter fitting undershorts that will uplift your cock and balls so they make an obvious bulge in your crotch- nothing ostentatious, but just noticeable, that's all.

Then when you cruise the bars don't sit at the bar with your back to the room, instead try taking a seat at the bar with a strategic view of the tables around the perimeter of the bar and sit kind of sideways so that you present a profile view of your lap and the bulge your package makes in your crotch. Sip your drink and try not to be obvious in your visual scans of the room as you scan for available looking cougars. If there is a TV behind the bar act like you're more interested in the TV than any of the female cunts on the premises".

"Basically, don't hide yourself, but just try and keep a normal low profile without attracting attention to yourself. And finally, be patient! If there are hunting cougars in the bar, they will find you honey. Have no fear. And when they do, follow their lead and don't try to be taking control like doing something dumb like asking them if they would like to go to your place for a nightcap. That's a guaranteed turn-off to a cougar. If the cougar is interested in being mounted by you, she will invite you to her place for a drink, or maybe some coffee and desert. Or maybe if she is really horny and aggressive she might just be very straightforward and say something like, 'I'm horny as hell baby. Let's go to my place so I can fuck your brains out.'"

Just about that time, Abby's cell phone rang and she turned it off and said, "Well I got to be going honey. Now you just take my advice and if I were you I would leave this place and head over to the Pavilion. You'll have better luck over there as long as you learn how to be good prey."

I quickly said, "Hold on a minute Abby. What's the hurry? I thought maybe you would want to take me home and fuck my brains out.

Abby laughed and said, "Well I sure would like that alright, but I've already bagged my prey for tonight. That was him on the phone. He went out to get his car and he'll be out front to pick me up in another couple of minutes to take me back to my pad for a full night of wild, kinky sex. I can't wait to suck his hard 22 year old cock and have him wash his load of creamy cum down my throat with a warm stream of his tangy piss."

I grabbed her hand and put it down in my crotch where King Rodney was growing down my pants leg and had just surpassed the "cocked but not yet loaded" state of stiff firmness between 6 and one half inch and the nine and one quarter inch state of rock hard hot meat in its "loaded and ready for action" state. And as I slid her hand down my leg letting her feel the thickness and length of King Rodney I said to her,

"This is what you will be passing up Abby. I'm a sure thing and I'm up for anything and I do mean anything. You can't get too kinky for me baby. Let's slip out the back door sweetie. Your other guy can have you some other time. Don't worry he'll be back looking for you again because you are a red hot piece- a prize catch for any cougar hunter."

She had reached the tip end of King Rodney and was squeezing the big mushroom head. Her eyes were glazed as if in a trance with her face flushed and she was breathing hard as she massaged King Rodney who was now fully extended to his full rock hard nine and one quarter inch length. I was sure I had her bagged until I made that crack about her being "a prize catch for any cougar hunter".

All of a sudden she stiffened, shook her head sharply as if clearing out cobwebs, sighed deeply and said,

"My God, that sure is one very impressive weapon honey and I would love to have it ream out both of my fuck holes and tickle the back of my throat and warm up my insides with a flood of thick, hot, sweet, creamy cock sauce, but not tonight Steve."

"I already made a promise for tonight with another hard young cock and I'm not like one of those little tight-cunt, prick-tease coeds. I keep my promises and honor my commitments. You almost had me Steve, but you overplayed your hand with that remark about "a prize catch for any cougar hunter". You didn't listen to my advice that's for sure, because I'm nobody's catch and don't you ever forget it baby."

"Now I'm going out to meet my 22 year old hard cock and give him a fucking and sucking night that he will never forget. But you keep coming back here to the Vendue Inn because this is my favorite watering hole and hunting grounds and I really want to hook up with you soon and have you service my ass, cunt, and mouth with that monster love rod of yours. Now you get your tight sweet butt over to the Pavilion and start acting like a good prey before it gets too late and all the good cougars have already pounced and caught their prey for the night." Then she reached up to give me a kiss while giving King Rodney a big squeeze and raking her fingernails up his shaft through my pants as she turned to leave to go meet her prey outside. I hung around the bar for about another 10 minutes to finish my beer and give King Rodney a chance to relax and shrink back to its normal "getting ready just in case" wrinkled, limp five to six inch state.

I had been very close to blowing my whole wad in my pants as I could feel the cum starting to churn in my balls when Abby was massaging and squeezing King Rodney's head and that would have not been good as it would have marked me as a premature ejaculator incapable of controlling his passion- and definitely not good prey for hunting cougars who wanted virile cocks with plenty of stamina, staying power, and passion control for delivering many repeat performances per engagement.

I was a little depressed at my failure to bag Abby for my fuckmate for the evening, but at the same time I was greatly encouraged by her reaction to King Rodney and her insistence that I keep coming back to the Vendue Inn to hook up with her on another night. That's something I was looking forward to with great anticipation as my intuition told me that she would be a fantastic piece of ass.

So I was on the fence for a while about whether to go on to the Pavilion or to just call it a night and go home and jack-off and get a good night's sleep. But I finally decided to move on to the Pavilion. It was only 9:30 pm so there was still a couple of good two to three hours left in the evening to try and find a willing cougar cunt to fuck me.

The Pavilion Bar and Restaurant was somewhat more subdued than were both the Pearlz and the Vendue Inn but it was full of well dressed and obviously more prosperous folks than those that tended to frequent most of the East Bay joints. The band was playing good dancing music at a volume that did not prevent the patrons from having discussions without shouting. The bar was an oval type situated sort of in the middle of the club with a dance floor and tables on one side and the other side arranged with dinner tables.

I decided to follow Abby's advice and I found a spot at the bar and took a seat sitting sideways that gave me a good view of the band and profiled my crotch bulge to good advantage and also allowed me to sneak quick glances around the room scoping out the tables for potential cougars. There seemed to be a fair number of well dressed very good looking women in the crowd. Most of them looked to be in the right age group for cougars and were sitting in groups of anywhere from three to six at strategically placed tables that gave them good views of the premises for appraising the available cocks like myself. They were spread around the premises drinking their red wine and eyeing the available studs at the bar and on the dance floor.

One particular group of four mature cunts at a large circular table close to the wall capable of comfortably holding six or seven people caught my eye as I tried to surreptiously scan the room from time to time. They were two brunettes, a blonde and a kind of redhead- closer to an auburn color than red. All of them were good looking bitches with great tits and shapely legs, and they seemed to be having a great time eyeing the crowd and talking and laughing among themselves as if they were making comments about the single guys in the bar.

I had been at the bar sipping beer and listening to the band for about half an hour and was starting to think that this was going to be another dead end when the band finished a tune and as I started clapping I took another quick look at the four cougars at that table and one of the brunettes caught my eye and was pointing her finger at me, motioning with her head, and mouthing something that looked like "Hey, you".

I turned and looked over my shoulder to make it look like I might have thought she was trying to get someone's attention behind me and when I looked back at her she was shaking her head no and pointing emphatically at me and then I pointed to myself with a surprised questioning expression on my face and silently mouthed the words, "Who, me?" She smiled broadly nodding her head up and down yes and crooked her finger beckoning me to come over to their table.

I walked over to their table and she said, "Honey, you looked very sad and lonely sitting over there at the bar. My name is Julie. Would you care to join us.

I smiled and replied, "I sure would Julie. You lovely ladies seem to be having a really great time. It's been a long, hard disappointing week for me and I could sure use some cheerful company."

Julie replied with a big laugh, "You bet sweetie. You just drop your sweet ass right down right here next to me. You've come to the right place for some cheering up. This blond beauty on my left is Annie, and next to her on her left is our red head, Beverly, and on her left is our leader Sylvia."

Then the blonde, Annie, spoke up and said, "What's your name honey and what are you doing hanging around the Pavilion tonight? I would have thought a good looking young stud like you would be cruising Raval's or Henry's looking to get shagged by one of those jail bait teeny bopper cunts from the college."

I laughed and said, "My name is Steve, Annie, and up until a couple of months ago you would have been right on the mark, except for the jail bait part. I used to enjoy chasing young coed cunts and spent a lot of time over the last five or six years hooking up with willing coeds adding notches to my belt like the old gunfighters used to do but I always made sure that my catches were at least 18 and preferably 19 or 20 before things got too frisky."

"But to tell the truth I just got tired of chasing those little prick teasers. It's just too much work and expense trying to figure out what they want. Most of them want to be romanced and pampered and if you're lucky enough to finally score some action with one of them, it's almost always a big letdown because all of them are so shallow and inexperienced that they just don't know how to be a real woman for a man."

Beverly, the red head, then quickly spoke up and said, "Wow! I'd say you have a very perceptive grasp of the situation Steve honey. You may be just a young 26, but you're thinking like a real man baby with wisdom far beyond your tender years. But I'm curious. What happened a couple of months ago that made you give up the chase to see how many coed cunts you could shag to chock up notches on your belt?"

I then proceeded to tell them the whole story about how I found Amy and everything about her and how I thought I had really hit the jackpot with her and was happy about not having to chase after coeds anymore for one-night stands when she became my live-in squeeze and how I had even started thinking about making her my wife someday even though I knew she was planning to be a professional high class whore.

They were all interested in the specific gory details and wanted to know all about how she was trained to become a high priced whore and all the specific conventional and degenerate sex acts that she was expert at delivering. Sylvia was especially fascinated about how Amy was so expert at ass rimming and ass hole tongue fucking that she could make me orgasm and cum just by tonguing my ass and she said that sounds like a skill and technique worth having in a cunts bag of tricks.

Julie was impressed at how Amy enhanced my pleasure in sucking out sloppy cum filled cunts by waiting until her cunt was filled with at least two or three loads of my cum by stopping any cum from leaking out between fucks with a cunt plug until I was ready to suck her cunt dry.

Annie said she had never been ass fucked and was really fascinated by the idea and would really love to give it a try to see how it felt and if it would make her orgasm, and Beverly allowed as how she had played around a little with one of her ex-husbands with some water sports and enjoyed it then, but had never found anyone since who liked to participate in pissing sex.

That's when Sylvia, the other brunette, the one that Julie said was their "leader", who so far had not said very much spoke up and asked,

"What do you mean Steve when you said about coeds, 'they don't know how to be a real woman'? How old are you anyway and what do you do, and what's your idea of a real woman?"

I replied, "Well Sylvia, I'm 26 and I'm a supervising construction engineer with Tidewater Development Inc and right now I'm in charge of the big 30 story office complex that's being built over in Mount Pleasant. My idea of a real woman is kind of hard to express in words. But I guess what I mean is a woman who lives in the real world who likes herself and is confident in her own skin and is not afraid or ashamed to ask for what she wants but at the same time understands that in order to get what she wants, she also has to be ready to also give her man what he needs and wants."

"In short, I think a real woman is an intelligent, strong, confident, mature woman who knows what she wants and understands that getting and giving is a two way street requiring straight-up open and honest communication and, isn't in to playing head games with her partner where each expects the other to read their partner's mind and guess what the other wants and needs. I know that's probably not very clear but it's the best I can do right now off the top of my head."

Sylvia smiled and said, "Sweetie, you are doing just fine. I think I like you very much. Come on and dance with me honey."

I took her out on the dance floor and while we were dancing I found out she was a very successful lawyer and a partner in the prestigious, and very politically connected Charleston law firm of Bradley, Standish, Powell, and Finster, well known as BSP&F which many Charleston insiders would say stood for Big, Smart, Powerful Fuckers because they never lost a case and wielded a lot of influence and power in Charleston.

I asked her what Julie meant went she referred to her as the "leader" of their group. She just laughed and said that Julie just likes to pull her chain now and then because of how successful she had become and explained how they all grew up together in Charleston and had been very good friends since grade school and all through high school and all through the years since, looking out for each other through the bad times like divorces and such, and sharing experiences and fun during the good times as a group sort of like a Ya-Ya sisterhood.

She said Julie was the oldest at 40, Beverly was next oldest at 39, and Sylvia was next at 38 with Annie bringing up the rear at 34. She explained that Annie's sister, Beth, was the original fourth member of their sisterhood at 38 also and still is but when Beth's husband's career took them away to Texas they initiated Annie into their sisterhood to maintain their foursome.

I danced with Annie next and while we were dancing and talking she asked me if I had a business card to give her because she really liked me and would like to call me sometime and maybe meet for drinks and a light dinner so we could get to know each other better. I suggested that we just leave right then since my apartment was only five minutes away.

She laughed and said that would be delightful, but she had to leave pretty soon because it was getting on to be close to 11:00 pm and her husband would be expecting her to be home very soon. She explained that this was when her investment club met and she was supposed to be with them. They always met on Friday afternoons from 3:00 pm until about 5:00 but her husband thought their meetings always lasted until 11:00 pm which gave her a chance to meet her friends for some drinks and a little fun.

Sure enough, about five minutes after my dance with Annie was over she excused herself and said she had to get on home to her husband. As she was leaving, Julie said,

"I swear, that girl sure is cock whipped. We're going to have to straighten her out soon girls."

Sylvia said, "Now you hush up Julie. Annie is having a pretty bad time right now and is depressed and trying to make the best of a not so satisfactory state of affairs between her and Jim. We need to support her and help her get through this bad time."

Julie replied with real exasperation, "I know, I know Sylvia so don't you lecture me now. Haven't I introduced Annie to a couple of my regular hook-ups who have shown her some really, really good times these last couple of months giving her some great cunt fucks that seem to have improved her outlook lately? It's just that I get really angry inside the way that jerk, Jim, treats Annie and she lets him get away with it. There is something definitely wrong that just doesn't smell right about that situation."

-(Digressing from my story for the moment, I should say at this point that we found out what was "wrong" with Annie's husband, Jim, about two months later. It turns out that Annie's daughter, Peggy, who by then was almost 16, had seduced her father about two years before when she was 14, which coincided with just about the time that Jim had lost interest in fucking Annie.

It turns out that the daughter had been fucking and sucking off both her daddy and her older brother, Andy, four or five times a week each for almost two years- sometimes taking both of them on at the same time with her daddy fucking her in her ass and her brother, with his cock that was bigger than his dad's, fucking her in her cunt. Annie walked in on all three of them one Friday when she wasn't feeling well and came home early about 7:00 pm when her husband thought that Annie was at her investment club and wouldn't be home until 11:00 pm or shortly afterward.

Annie caught them in her daughter's bed with her daughter fucking her husband cowgirl style while he sucked on his daughters tits and at the same time her daughter had her head turned sideways and was sucking off her brother's cock which started spurting cum into her daughter's mouth just as Annie walked into the bedroom. Annie said that at first she was stunned and didn't know what to say or think. There was a big scene for about half an hour as her husband and son tried to beg for forgiveness with Peggy standing in the background just grinning in triumph.

Annie ran from the house to clear her head and went to a Starbucks to get control of her emotions and to try and make some sense of her situation. But then she said that later after many cups of coffee, she realized that there was nothing wrong with her as a woman and that the reason that Jim had lost interest in fucking her was because he was always exhausted from fucking their daughter's hot tight cunt and she decided that if incest was good for him it could be good for her too.

So she returned home after everyone else was asleep in their own beds and she got naked and walked into her son's bedroom and crawled in to bed with him and started fondling his cock which quickly hardened up to a respectable seven and one half inch love rod. Her son woke up with his mom playing with his hard cock and Annie said to him, 'Andy how would you like to fuck a real woman sweetie instead of just a girl?' Annie said he jumped at the suggestion and in a flash he had his cock in her cunt fucking her brains out.

Annie said that it was so erotic to have her son fucking her brains out that she had a loud massive orgasm hollering and yelling as she hit the peak of her orgasm which woke up the rest of the house and by the time her daughter and husband came into the room and turned on the light Annie was licking and sucking her son's cock clean and squeezing the remaining cum still in his piss channel into her mouth.

Annie said she looked at the two of them and said, 'You two go on back to bed and fuck each other if you want. Everything's fine here. I guess I just got carried away with the best orgasm I've had in years when Andy gave me the best fucking I think I have ever had. And by the way Jim, if incest is ok with you, then I think it ought to be ok for me too.
Continues...

Pages: Prev | 1 | 2 | 3 | 4 | Next

Home | Top | MuffDiver's Page |   Feedback to author


Home | MuffDiver's Page - Settings
A Cougar Hunting Tale
by MuffDiver
Copyright© 2010 by MuffDiver


Pages: Prev | 1 | 2 | 3 | 4 | Next

Continuation...

And one other thing Jim, and you too Peggy, since everything is out in the open now. You should know Jim that about a year after you stopped fucking me, and started fucking Peggy, I became a cougar and I now have three well hung lovers who I've been seeing on a regular basis three or four times a week for the last year who know how to really satisfy a real woman and I intend to keep right on fucking their brains out.

And Peggy honey, one of them has a nine and a quarter inch cock. Sweetie, you haven't lived and experienced the stratospheric heights of pure ecstasy until you've been royally fucked by nine and a quarter inches of rock hard hot cock meat and feel it throbbing and pulsing as it fills your womb and cunt with a huge load of hot cum. If you're good baby, I might bring him home some time to let him fuck you. But I should warn you honey that once you have had your cunt and womb filled with nine plus inches of hard cock, you will never again be satisfied again with your dad's puny six inch cock.

Now you two turn off the light and get out of here. I can feel Andy's seven and a half inch love rod getting hard again. I'm really going to love regularly fucking him for these next two or three years while he's still growing and I can feel his cock continue to grow and penetrate deeper and deeper into my cunt and womb. Andy baby, I think you're probably going to end up with at least a nine incher yourself honey. I'm going to give it as much exercise and stimulation as I can to encourage it to hit that nine inch plus mark. With a nine inch cock you will never have any trouble finding willing cunts to fuck honey.

Now let me roll over sweetie because this time I want you to fuck me in my ass and then afterwards I'm going to teach you how to properly eat a woman's juicy pussy and suck out a cum filled cunt while I give you a mind bending cum eating blow job and then I will return the favor by tongue fucking your asshole.

So Peggy take your dad on out of here and back to bed and give him a consolation fuck, or at least a good asshole tongue fucking - I suspect he probably needs one about now. But oh ... wait a minute ... that's right ... I almost forgot sweetie... - you're not even a 16 year old cunt yet and I bet you've never been fucked in your ass yet or even sucked out an ass and tongue fucked an asshole. So you can stay Peggy if you want to see how fantastic it is to be fucked in your tender ass and pick up some pointers on how a real woman takes care of her man.

But you can get the hell out of here Jim. You're a pathetic excuse for a man.' When Annie told all of us that story, we knew that she was going to be A-Ok. So now back to my story.)_

Over the next hour I danced with each of the remaining three gals several times apiece. It was interesting how each of them didn't like to talk too much about themselves, but didn't mind at all in telling everything they knew about the other members of their group.

Julie told me that Beverly had been married twice and divorced twice and never had any children. Then after her second divorce when she was about 29 she had such a difficult time making ends meet that she became a part-time call girl prostitute for a couple of years and during that time had two abortions. Sylvia had led the effort to help Beverly straighten out her life and give up prostitution and helped her to start a travel agency business which has been very successful and allowed Beverly to give up being a full time whore although she still responds to a half dozen of her former regular johns from time to time who became very good friends when she was a full time whore and still like to pay her $1000 a night for some great sex.

Sylvia said that Beverly doesn't consider those engagements to be real whoring engagements because she would be happy to fuck those men and service their kinky needs for nothing. But she says that they insist on paying her. Beverly said that she discovered when she was a full time whore that there are some men who for some reason can only experience the highest levels of orgasmic pleasure when they feel like they are having forbidden, illicit sex with the woman they are fucking and whores meet that requirement for them. So she is happy to accept their money because it has meant about $50,000 a year for her in tax free money for the last five years.

Sylvia told me that Julie had been married once and had a 22 year old daughter. Her husband had been a very successful financier and about four years ago Julie divorced him very well. She had walked out onto their patio pool one afternoon after coming back early from a shopping excursion and caught him naked on his knees sucking the cock of their pool boy while jacking off his own cock with his right hand and with a finger of his left hand up the pool boy's ass stimulating his prostate which caused the pool boy to shoot his cum load into her husband's mouth.

But not before Julie had the presence of mind to whip out her cell phone camera and got a 30 second video of her naked husband on his knees sucking cock while jacking himself off with some scenes showing cum shooting out onto his face and into his mouth with about five seconds at the end clearly showing her husband's face with his tongue extended squeezing the cock to coax the last few drops of cum out onto his tongue and swallowing it down and then licking up the cum smeared on his smiling lips with his tongue.

Neither the pool boy nor her husband had noticed Julie when she quietly walked out through the open patio door onto the patio. The pool boy had his eyes closed enjoying the wonderful ecstasy he was feeling as his orgasm was building and her husband was totally focused on the big cock in his mouth. So she very quietly returned into the house and then got in her car and drove off to see Sylvia for advice about what to do with that "golden goose" opportunity.

Her husband never knew he had been filmed sucking off the pool boy and eating his cum until he was served with the divorce papers by Sylvia and a copy of the 30 second film. Julie said that was the best thing her husband had ever done for her and she walked away with a quick quiet divorce settlement of about eight million in cash and a million a year in alimony for fifteen years in return for her agreement to never reveal that her husband was a cock sucking, cum eating queer. The alimony funds were put into escrow under the administration of a settlement executor to make sure her husband couldn't later renege on the alimony. Sylvia said that Julie was the one who fronted the $75,000 for Beverly to start her travel agency business so she could give up being a whore, which Beverly has since repaid with interest.

I found out from Beverly that Annie had married young at 18 and had two quick babies- a boy now 16 and a girl 15 soon to be 16. And in the last couple of years her husband, Jim, who was six years older than her at 40, for one reason or another, maybe because he had a mistress on the side, or perhaps he was going through a mid-life crisis, or maybe he just didn't find Annie sexually alluring anymore, had seemed to lose interest in sex and his drive had diminished considerably so much that he would often go for weeks without fucking Annie.

And whenever he did fuck her, it would be a quickie "wham, bam" fuck where he would simply mount her in the missionary position without any foreplay at all and shove his cock into her dry cunt and quickly blow his load after a few quick thrusts in her cunt. Then he would roll over to sleep and start snoring leaving poor Annie very frustrated with a sloppy cunt to finger fuck herself to orgasm. Beverly also told me that it was Sylvia who handled all the legal matters surrounding Julie's divorce from her queer husband and was now the court appointed administrator of the alimony escrow trust that guaranteed Julie one million dollars a year in alimony for fifteen years.

Both Beverly and Julie told me that they all considered Sylvia to be their leader because Sylvia was a smart lawyer and a fierce litigator which made her a natural leader and a very tough bitch when she had to be. They also told me that Sylvia was a confirmed and actively practicing bisexual who loved to eat pussy and suck out cunts as much as she loved to suck cocks, eat cum and be cunt and ass fucked by hard cocks.

Sylvia was the one they said that got Annie back on track helping her to overcome her depression and self-doubt because of her husband's lack of interest in fucking her. Sylvia seduced Annie, which wasn't hard to do, and introduced her to the delights of lesbian sex teaching her how great it was to have her pussy eaten and cunt sucked by another cunt and to reciprocate by eating out Sylvia's cunt. Sylvia was also the one who got Julie to volunteer the services of two of Julie's favorite cougar hunt preys to service Annie properly by fucking her in her cunt and ass on a regular basis the way a luscious cunt like Annie deserved to be fucked and have her pussy eaten and cunt sucked out. Sylvia also performed all of the legal work pro bono that was required to get Beverly's Travel Agency business started and up and running.

About half way through that last hour I excused myself to go find a bathroom to take a piss. I later found out that while I was gone the three ladies caucused and agreed that I seemed to be a worthy prey for all four of them. They agreed that I appeared to be a properly docile and compliant prey and likely to agree with providing any kind of sexual service that any of the four of them might want. They elected Julie to be the one to bed me down that night to test my equipment, stamina, and the range of sexual acts that I would perform and then Julie would report the results back to the other three.

I didn't know it then but they planned to share me and my cock among the four of them. When midnight arrived, Sylvia and Beverly said they had to go because they both needed to get up early- Sylvia to meet with an important client for breakfast and Beverly to open her Travel Agency for business. Julie said she was going to stay a little longer and finish her drink before she left and then she asked me to stay with her and keep her company.

We chit chatted for the next 30 minutes while she finished her drink. While we talked she asked me all about my former live-in coed girlfriends including Amy and what was it about them that made me break up with them. And I told her that in the main, except for Amy, I got tired of their reluctance to widen their sexual horizons by performing different kinds of kinky sex acts on me while at the same time expecting me to perform those same acts on them such as licking their asses and letting them piss on my face and in my mouth when I was eating their cunts and then expected me to take them out for dinners and buy them fine things.

I told her that Amy was the only one who loved to deliver what some would call perverted and degenerate sex and didn't expect anything in return from me except to be speared in her ass, cunt, and mouth by my big cock. I said that it didn't matter to me that Amy was planning to be a professional whore and that I respected a good whore who delivered outstanding sexual experiences for a fair price and didn't try to gouge their johns.

She asked if I had ever used a whore before and I told her that I had when I was a Citadel cadet and didn't have very much money and couldn't afford to wine and dine snooty coed cunts. I told her about a couple of excellent whores in their mid-twenties with great cunts and tits and technique who would give me a big price break on their regular fees because they knew I was a poor cadet and couldn't afford to pay very much and yet would give me a full course meal of a good ass hole fuck, followed by a cum eating cock sucking, a good cunt fuck, and topped off with some tongue fucking of my ass hole.

All during our conversation I could tell that Julie was getting real turned on by the increasing tempo in her breathing and by the fact that she had her right hand under the table caressing and massaging my crotch and running her hand up and down the length of King Rodney who was in his fully extended 9 inch plus state of hard cock running down my left leg inside my pants almost to my knee.

I said to her. "Julie honey, if you keep massaging my hard cock like you've been doing for the last 15 or 20 minutes, I'm going to have a very embarrassing accident and blow my whole load of hot cum right here in my pants!"

She giggled and said, "All right honey, I'll lay off for now, but I don't think that you will blow your load any time soon. You really underestimate yourself Steve. You have super fantastic control honey. Any other stud your age would have blown his wad twenty minutes ago. You're a prize catch for any hunting cunt. But it's getting late now and I should be going too. Do you have a car around here sweetie to give me a lift home? I don't want to have to call a taxi."

I told her that my pick-up was parked across the street and I would be happy to give her a lift.

It was a short drive to her home and when we got there she invited me in for a nightcap. The first thing she said when we got inside was,

"I don't really need a nightcap Steve. Why don't we go up to my room and get better acquainted?"

Of course I immediately agreed that was a great idea. When we got upstairs the first thing she did was to tell me to wait for a second and went down the hall and knocked on a door and said,

"Angie, are you awake honey?" A woman's voice answered and said, "Go away mom. I'm busy right now."

Julie replied, "Ok honey, but when you're free come see me baby." "Ok mom", said the voice.

Then she took me towards her room and on the way I asked her, "Julie, who's Angie and what's she doing?" Julie answered, "Angie's my daughter. And as for what she's doing- it's Friday night so I'm fairly certain she's fucking and sucking off some guy right now; either her boyfriend Jeff or one of her paying john's. If she joins us in 30 minutes or less, then it's a john she's fucking, otherwise it's Jeff."

As soon as we entered her room and she closed the door she said,

"All right honey bunch, it's time to stop all the verbal sparring. It's game time now, so let's get naked so you can fuck my brains out baby. I'm a kinky, horny, perverted bitch and I'm in charge now and here is the agenda for the first round. You're going to start by slicking up my ass with your tongue and loosening up my ass hole so you can get your tongue in it and then tongue fuck it until it is good and relaxed and loose enough for a thick cock."

"Then I'm going to stick a thick butt plug in it to make sure it stays relaxed and doesn't tighten up while you turn your attention to my cunt and lick and suck it out real good until the cunt and pussy juices are flowing good and I have a good first orgasm. Then you can cock fuck me in the cunt making very sure you hold back your own orgasm until I've had a good second orgasm. I've never had a cock longer than seven and a half inches so you make sure you bottom that monster rod of yours as deep as you can get it into my womb. I want to taste it in my mouth!"

"When I start having a second orgasm that's when you can let your own orgasm peak and start spurting your wads of cum into my cunt and womb, but only half of your load. How many cum spurts are you usually good for baby?"

I answered her, "At least ten good ones Julie and sometimes, with a very good piece of ass, as many as twelve to fourteen." She continued, "Well I'm going to be the very best piece of ass you have ever had or even thought possible in your young life, so if you can consistently go for ten shots of cum with just an average piece of ass, then I expect you will go for at least sixteen to eighteen shots with my amazing cunt, but since this is the first time for us, lets be safe and have you stop spurting in my cunt after five wads of cum."

"When you've shot your fifth wad, hold back the rest of your load and pull out of my cunt. By then I will have pulled out my butt plug and you can ram your cock into my ass hole and ass fuck me and unload the rest of your hot charge of cum into my ass and keep ass fucking me until I have a third orgasm or I tell you it's ok to stop. When we're done ass fucking, you can scoot around into the 69 position and we can spend the next 20 or 30 minutes recovering our strength while I lick and suck off your cock cleaning off the ass grease and eating up the residual cum in your piss channel and you can suck out and eat up all the cum and cunt juice out of my cunt and the cum out of my ass. If you're really a good cocksman Steve, you'll give me a fourth good orgasm while you're sucking out my cunt and ass."

"Then she asked, "Are you into water sports honey?"

I replied, "Baby, I'm up for just about anything except scat."

She smiled and said, "Perfect. Let me know if you want a taste of pee while you're eating my cunt by sticking a finger in my ass and I'll piss in your mouth for you. I've been told that a mixture of my cunt juice and pee makes a delicious cocktail. I'm definitely going to want you to piss in my mouth and down my throat while I'm sucking your cock to mix up with your creamy cum to make a yellow slurpy. When I'm ready for your piss, I'll ask for it by sticking a finger in your ass to rub your bladder, so don't pee in my mouth until I ask for it."

Then she stuck her hand between my legs and grabbed as much of my cock and balls in her hand as she could and said, "That's the schedule Steve. Do you think you're man enough to handle all of this?"

I replied with a huge smile, "Absolutely baby. Let's get it on!"

That's what we did as quickly as we could and for the next hour or so she took charge and turned me inside out with her aggressiveness. We followed her agenda to the last detail and I was proud of the way I was able to perform, especially in the area of controlling the flow of my cum when I was orgasming to divide it between her cunt and ass and still had four wads left over for her mouth when we reached the 69 position which she mixed up with my piss into a cum-piss cocktail and let It slide down her throat into her belly.

As she was swallowing that delicious cocktail she reached her fourth powerful orgasm just as I stuck my finger into her ass to massage her bladder and she released her own piss into my mouth as I was sucking the thick mixture of cum and cunt juice out of her cunt. That mixture of piss-cum-cunt juice was so deliciously erotic that it stimulated King Rodney to begin getting hard again while it was in her mouth. Julie was starting to recover from her fourth orgasm when she felt King Rodney getting stiff again and growing in her mouth and she exclaimed,

"Oh my God Steve! I can't believe you're getting ready to go again baby. You have powerful balls honey, but it's a bit too soon for me, so you just keep building up that cum reservoir of yours until it's time for round two. In the mean time let's just lay here and cuddle for a while so I can fondle your magnificent cock and balls while I tell you about what to expect for the next few days."

That comment surprised me and I replied,

"I'm confused Julie. I didn't know that I had anything to expect for the next few days- except maybe to continue enjoying the heights of erotic pleasure in your fantastic body with its powerful cunt, tight ass, and magic mouth. So what do you mean about what I can expect? From my perspective I'm already in heaven and I think it's impossible to improve on heaven."

She giggled and said, "Now just be quiet for a couple of minutes sweetie and listen to me. If you haven't already figured it out, you need to know that Sylvia, Annie, Beverly, and I are very, very close girlfriends who have known each other since our grade school days and we look out for each other, helping each other through the bad times and sharing with each other during the good times. All four of us are at a time of our lives, for various reasons, where all we want is straight, mind blowing sex with powerful cocks without any commitments or so called romance.

We're mature women who are not looking for husbands or smarmy love affairs and we're not looking to develop reputations as whores either that will spread our legs for just any run of the mill cock that wants to fuck us. We're also all bi-sexuals and help each other out a lot with lezzie sex when our needs become really intense, but lesbian sex isn't enough. Hard tongues and dildos in the cunt and ass cannot substitute for hard, hot, throbbing cocks shooting loads of hot, sweet cum into our cunts, mouths, and ass holes. So we have been searching for some time over these last six months for a young man who we could share among ourselves to satisfy our sexual needs with some privacy and discretion.

Last night when you went to the john to take a leak we quickly agreed among ourselves that you were the perfect candidate with your nine inch plus cock. The only question we had was whether you had the drive and stamina to satisfy four horny, insatiable women like us and whether or not you would be willing to be our boy toy and service our sex needs the way we like it on a regular basis.

Since I was the one that found you tonight and called you over to join us, plus the fact that I really love raunchy, far out sex, I was elected to fuck your brains out tonight to test your stamina and the range of sex acts from conventional sex to perverted degenerate sex that you would tolerate and participate in.

You pass with flying colors baby and I'm going to report to them in the morning that you are the perfect man for all of us with the most powerful cock, the willingness to give any of us the kind of sex we like, and the most amazing control and staying power to meet our individual sex needs again and again and again better than any man I have ever had, and I've had more than a few honey."

At this point I interrupted her and said, "Hold on a second Julie. Let me get this right. Are you gals looking for a cock to satisfy all four of you at the same time? I'm a very good fuck baby and I'm sure I could service two cunts very adequately, and on a very good night maybe even three cunts. But four cunts again and again and again during a session would take a prodigious set of balls to keep the flow of cum coming. I think that I can safely say that you gals have set for yourselves an almost impossible goal."

Julie replied with some exasperation, "No, no, no honey! Not all four of us at the same time, but all of us at different times as in, for example, Friday nights with me, Sunday nights with Annie, maybe Monday nights for Sylvia and Wednesday nights with Beverly. There might be an occasional time when a couple of us might like to have you on one of our nights to share you in a three-way, but I don't think that would happen too often. That would leave you with three nights a week in between the nights you would be servicing us horny bitches with your fabulous cock to do whatever you wanted like storing up cum for the next session or even chasing after some hot, tight, virgin, coed cunts."

"You're a young stud and we all know how you young guys like to score with virgins. Annie has a teenage daughter and she could probably even help you find some willing virgins looking to have their cherries popped by a really legendary cock. Annie's daughter just turned 16 I think, and even though she is not a virgin anymore, I'm sure at her tender age that she still has a super tight cunt, and I'm sure Annie would not object if you wanted to fuck her daughter too. So give this proposition some thought Steve before you make up your mind. I doubt if you could ever find a better deal than this one of four horny experienced bitches with the added bonus of a young, tight, almost virgin, teenage cunt thrown in to service that world class monster cock of yours."

Before I could open my mouth to reply a voice came from the direction of the bedroom door, "Don't forget my fantastic 22 year old tight cunt too mama! You do intend to share don't you? My god you have hit the jackpot big time. This is the best one that you have ever brought home from a hunt. That cock is the most beautiful piece of hard hot meat that I have ever seen. Please tell me that I can share it with you."

The voice came from Julie's daughter, Angie, who had been listening and peeking through the doorway for the last ten minutes. She came into the room buck naked and I have never seen a body more worthy of a Playboy centerfold layout - a beautiful curvaceous blonde with perfectly formed big tits with stiff nipples, a slim waist and flat stomach blossoming wide into firm smooth hips protecting a full, slightly protruding pussy mound with two fleshy succulent outer lips wet with pussy juice and with the edges of her delicate inner pussy lip petals protruding slightly between the two outer lips. Her thick cunt hair had been expertly trimmed and shaped to border her cunt and shaped to frame the top of her pussy just above her clit hood. The bottom of her slit was wet and oozing with thick cunt juice starting to run down the inner thighs of her long slender legs. King Rodney was hard as a rock sticking straight up in the air in all his glory and twitching back and forth at the sight of that luscious cunt.

I finally found my voice and said, "You've got a deal Julie. I'll be a very willing boy toy for all you cunts, especially if it also includes this beautiful juicy cunt in front of my face that is making my mouth water."

Julie squealed with delight and said, "Well of course it includes Angie and her cunt. And Angie honey, you know you don't have to ask if I'll share with you. Don't I share all of my cocks with you? Now why don't you go into my bathroom for a minute and clean out that sloppy cunt of yours before you fuck Steve."

I interjected quickly and said, "Hold on a minute Angie- that looks like cum leaking out of your cunt. Am I right about that?"

Angie grinned and said, "You sure are sweetie. My cunt's full of three loads of my boyfriend, Jeff's, cum. He was especially horny tonight and fucked my brains out three times with the last fuck only fifteen minutes ago."

I grinned and said, "Honey, that's just the way I like my cunt's when I'm hungry- big, loose and sloppy with fresh cum. Get your sweet ass over here and sit on my face so I can suck out your cunt and slurp up that delectable looking mix of cum and cunt juice.

Angie gave me a big smile and said, "Oh goody! We can do a 69 and I can suck off your fabulous cock."

I said, "No honey I want you to sit on my face facing my head. If we do a 69 then that puts my face in your cunt upside down and that's definitely not the best position for licking and sucking out a cunt. Don't worry- after I clean out your cunt we can switch around if you want to but I guarantee you that you will be writhing in pleasure with multiple orgasms and not thinking about sucking my cock. You will get plenty of chances to suck me off before the night is out."

For the next three hours before we all fell asleep from sheer exhaustion Julie and Angie took turns fucking and sucking King Rodney. My balls performed beautifully as I had 17 different orgasms during the marathon fucking and sucking that went on dumping cum into their cunts, mouths, and ass holes multiple times each. Julie passed out asleep about half and hour before Angie and when Angie finally gave up the ghost after sucking me off for the third time and eating my cum she rolled over and said,

"I give up baby. King Rodney just filled my mouth with six huge wads of delicious cum and he's still as hard as a rock looking for more fucking action. I just can't go any more baby without getting some rest so you'll just have to whack him off with your hand honey if you want to get your rocks off again."

While she was protesting I was indeed whacking off King Rodney and getting very close to spurting more cum so I said, "Just open your mouth doll and let me give you one last mouthful of sweet, hot cum to eat and warm you up inside to help you sleep."

Angie opened her mouth wide and I stuck King Rodney's big mushroom head in it just as it fired off eight thick wads of hot cum down her throat. She murmured, "Oh what delicious nectar..." as she fell asleep licking her lips.

I was right behind her as I too fell into a very contented and satisfied sleep with great pride in King Rodney's performance in dominating those two cunts.

Julie made her report to Sylvia, Annie, and Beverly the next day and told me that Annie wanted to fuck me on Sunday afternoon and Beverly would be receiving me on Monday afternoon and Sylvia on Wednesday night. Then, assuming everyone was in agreement, we would all get together one more time for drinks on the following Friday night at the Red Drum Gastropub over in Mount Pleasant, a very upscale restaurant and bar frequented by many of the movers and shakers of the Charleston area, to celebrate our arrangement and agree on some basic ground rules for our future fucking and sucking associations.

Julie was anxious for me to have three outstanding fucking sessions with her three girlfriends so she prepped me for my fucking sessions with the other three cougars in their group by telling me that Annie was basically love starved by her husband who for some unknown reason (at the time) had lost interest in fucking her making her hungry for someone to make love to her and that I should make tender love to her.

Beverly on the other hand, was a tough gal who had lots of experience including a couple of years as a whore when she had some bad times and had to become a whore to support herself. She liked being a whore having rough, raunchy sex getting fucked by and sucking off lots of different men and she still likes her sex rough now because it reminds her of how her johns used to treat her.

She said Sylvia would probably be the toughest for me to satisfy because in addition to being a bisexual- more lesbian than straight- she was a dedicated dominatrix into mild sado-masochism who loved to be in charge and would humiliate me by making me wear a dog collar on a leash and expect me to bow to her will in all things including having sex with her at the same time she was being serviced by a couple of her male dogs.

My session 0n Sunday with Annie was very easy. I could tell she was kind of shy and a bit apprehensive especially when she saw the size of King Rodney. I spent quite a bit of time caressing her and gently massaging her body and using my mouth and tongue to suck on her tits and nipples and tongue lapping her pussy slit softly and gently sucking on her clit while whispering how much I loved the taste and feel of her smooth firm skin in my mouth.

It wasn't long before she relaxed and her pussy juice was flowing thick into my mouth and her hips were humping and writhing as her orgasm built into a powerful surge of frantic humping and a huge flow of cunt juice as she hit the crescendo of her first orgasm with shrieks of passion and began screaming for my cock.

"FUCK ME STEVE!!! FUCK ME, FUCK ME, FUCK ME HARD WITH YOUR MONSTER COCK ... RAM IT IN TO ME BABY AND FLOOD ME WITH YOUR THICK, SWEET, HOT, CREAMY COCK SAUCE!!!" She was on her back and I pushed her legs straight up to rest on my shoulders so that her cunt was almost vertical all the way to her belly button and then I drove King Rodney hard into her cunt with one long thrust through her tight cervix and into her womb until we were grinding against each other pubic bone to pubic bone and King Rodney was pushing against the back of her womb and stretching it out.

Annie's eyes were wide with amazed ecstasy as she began a second orgasm just as King Rodney started shooting the first of fifteen thick wads of hot cum into her womb and she was shrieking in ecstatic agony as her second orgasm peaked, "OH GOD, OH GOD, FUCK ME, FUCK ME, FUUUCCCK MEEEEE ... AAHHHHIIIIIIEEEEEEEEEE ... I'M DYIIIINNNGGGG..." and she began clawing at my ass buns trying to pull me deeper into her body when her eyes rolled back into her head and she went limp. I could feel her tits heaving as she was gasping in short rapid breaths and this lasted for about a minute.

Finally her hands began twitching and her eyes slowly opened and she whispered, "Oh my God Steve, I never imagined it was possible to be fucked so beautiful and so completely." By that time my cock had begun to relax to a semi-hard state and had withdrawn from her womb to the entrance of her cervix. Annie asked me to pull out so she could taste my cock. I rotated my body around lifting one leg over her so that my knees were resting on either side of her shoulders with my cock and balls directly over her face with her legs over my shoulders locked with crossed ankles around my neck. She then started pulling my head down towards her pussy as I lowered the tip of my cock toward her open mouth and she said,

"Suck out my cunt sweetie while I milk your fabulous cock of all the cum left in it." Then she sucked my cock into her mouth and for the next ten minutes had fun sucking out and eating the residual cum in my piss channel and nibbling at the glans and exploring it with her tongue and I sucked all the cunt juice and cum out of her cunt.

At one point she said, "Steve I don't know how the other cunts are going to vote on you for being our boy toy, but for me it doesn't matter honey. You don't ever have to wait for me to call you for a fuck. You can fuck me any time you need a fuck or a good cum eating cock sucking baby. I'm your cunt whenever and wherever you want me. God, this is heaven!"

I spent another three hours with Annie during which time she gave me two full blown blow jobs eating all my cum both times without losing a drop and I fucked her in her ass with her on top of me for her first ass fucking which she loved as she had a giant orgasm which caused her to lose control over her bladder and she pissed all over my crotch. She was so mortified and embarrassed over pissing on me that she started crying and tried to make it right by licking up all her piss off my body and balls with her mouth and tongue, pleading with me to forgive her and not hate her for peeing on me.

I tried to tell her not to worry because it was not the first time that a cunt had pissed on me and I liked it anyway. But she wasn't believing me so I finally told her to sit on my face so I could suck out her cunt and then I took my finger and stuck it up her ass to massage her bladder and told her to piss in my mouth which she did and I swallowed down three or four mouthfuls of her piss and smacked my lips in satisfaction and said, "You have really good tangy, warm, piss Annie. I bet it would make a wonderful cocktail mixed up with your sweet cunt juice. You can piss on me anytime you feel like it honey."

Beverly called me on my cell phone that Sunday night and wanted to know if I could see her at 3:00 pm the next day on Monday for two and one half hours at her apartment. I said that I could but I asked her if she thought that two and a half hours would be enough time. She laughed and replied, "Don't you worry honey. I'll know in the first thirty minutes if you're man enough for me. I wish we had more time because from all I have heard so far, you are quite the stud. But I have a very important engagement at 6:30 and I'll need some time to get cleaned up after we finish our fun and games. So don't be late lover, ok?'

I replied, "Don't worry doll. I'll be on time."

The next day I rang her door bell promptly at 3:00 pm and she answered the door almost naked wearing black spiked high heel 'fuck-me' shoes, sheer black fishnet stockings and a black pair of peek-a-boo panties that were split up the middle so that her pussy mound was completely open with her slit completely wet with pussy juice. It was obvious to me that she had been finger fucking herself while she waited for me to arrive.

Her tits were held up with a small black pushup bra that only raised her tits up and didn't hide a thing so that her hard stiff nipples were sticking straight out. She said,

"Well come in Steve honey. Score one for you doll. I like prompt men. Now strip 'em off and follow me into the play room and get ready for action we don't have a lot of time and I'm horny for some hard cock."

I walked into her bedroom buck naked with King Rodney in his 'just in case' ready position of about seven and one half inches long hanging down at about a 30 t0 40 degree angle looking hard but not quite rock hard yet. She said,

"Well that sure is a respectable weapon you have there sport. I think I'm going to like this!" Then she grabbed me by the arm and began by throwing me down on the bed face down and spread my ass cheeks and started licking my ass, exciting my anus with her tongue, and taking my balls into her mouth and sucking on them.

Then she rolled me over and climbed on top of me in the sixty nine position and told me to start sucking out her cunt while she gave me a fantastic blow job. Every now and then she would come up for air and tell me that she couldn't wait to taste and eat my load of cum so to stop holding back and dump my load down her throat. I came soon after that like a house afire and shot a huge load of cum into her mouth.

She swallowed every drop with the last drop draining down her throat when she hit the peak of her own orgasm and pulled her head up off my cock yelling in ecstasy as her cunt let loose with a flood of cunt juice into my mouth. It was delicious. Then she told me to open my mouth extra wide and encompass her pussy as she let loose with a warm stream of piss into my mouth to help wash her cunt juice down my throat. That was so tasty and deliciously degenerate that it gave me chills. I loved it.

When we both came down off of our orgasmic highs, she asked me to suck her tits and bite her nipples while we recovered our strength. She said she wanted to see how long it would take my balls to regenerate because next she wanted me to cunt fuck her next followed by a good ass fuck. While I sucked her tits she played with King Rodney and my balls with her hands and after about 15 minutes King Rodney was hard as a rock again and ready for action again and that's when she finally noticed how long it was and exclaimed,

"Oh my God! It really is bigger than nine inches isn't it honey. Damn! I thought Julie and Annie were just exaggerating."

Then she announced, "Up and at 'em Steve baby. You are a very good titty sucker baby, but I think your magnificent cock is ready for action again. I want you to cunt fuck me from the doggy position now." As she turned over on her stomach and pulled her knees up under her and raised her ass up off the bed so I could have easy access to her cunt from her rear.

I sunk King Rodney into her cunt and shoved him in all the way into her womb. Beverly hollered out, "Oh Jesus does that feel good. You're in virgin territory now baby. No cock has ever been in me this deep before. Shove it to me with long hard strokes now and reach under with your hands and pinch my nipples hard. Make me hurt and scream for mercy.

I started long five inch strokes pulling my cock out of her womb and cervix into her cunt tunnel and then shoving it fast and hard all the way back into her womb as deep as I could get it all the while pinching and twisting her nipples making her moan and scream in pain. I kept this up for about five minutes when all of a sudden her moans turned into cries of ecstatic passion and she began meeting my thrusting cock by shoving her ass hard against it as it hit the end of its stroke trying to get it to penetrate even deeper into her body. She was crying out in passion,

"Oh my God I'm going to cum. Faster baby, faster, ... pound it into me hard and deep ... fuck me, fuck me ... FUUCCKKKK MEEEEE ... FUUUUUUUUCCKKK MMEEE! ... AAARRGHHHHH ... UNGH ... UNGHH ... and then she finally collapsed on her stomach after I had shot just five big wads of cum into her womb.

We lay like that for about a minute when she finally stirred and said, "Steve honey, I think that was the best fuck I have ever had. You're a keeper sweetie so don't you worry about a thing. Now there is just one more thing I want before you have to leave baby and that's a good ass fuck with that monster cock of yours. I want you to shove it up my ass as deep as you can get it. Don't worry if you aren't ready to cum again so soon after cunt fucking me. If you aren't ready to cum when I start my orgasm, then just fill me up with your hot piss. So let's get my ass hole ready now and slick it up real good with your tongue and tongue fuck it for a while to relax those tight anus muscles enough to let your powerful cock into my ass chute."
Continues...

Pages: Prev | 1 | 2 | 3 | 4 | Next

Home | Top | MuffDiver's Page |   Feedback to author


Home | MuffDiver's Page - Settings
A Cougar Hunting Tale
by MuffDiver
Copyright© 2010 by MuffDiver


Pages: Prev | 1 | 2 | 3 | 4 | Next

Continuation...

I licked and sucked her ass until the anus muscles relaxed enough for my tongue to slip through into her ass chute and I tongue fucked her good for about five minutes swirling my tongue around the soft tender flesh of her ass chute until her anus was good and loose. Then I pushed King Rodney's big mushroom cock head firmly against her ass hole until it finally popped through into her ass chute with a grunt and groan from Beverly. She said,

"God that really feels big, but don't worry- I can handle it. Now push it all the way into me baby and stroke me good. I want to feel your hot cum filling up my bowels when King Rodney releases his load. I started with long, steady strokes pulling 6 inches of cock back out of her ass until only the mushroom head was still in her ass chute and then pushed it steadily back up into her ass until my cock root banged up against her ass hole. With each stroke I steadily increased the speed and power of King Rodney's thrusts into her ass and she began moaning and writhing and calling out in ecstasy-

"Oh God, Oh God, Oh MYYYYGGGOOOD ... that feels fantastic baby ... pound it in me harder ... rip me a new ass ... I'm going to cum ... I'm cuumming ... I'm cuummmmMMMMIIIIINNNNNNNG ... AHHHHHHIIIIIIIIEEEEEE ... as she screamed at the top of her lungs and at that moment King Rodney began exploding with big wads of hot cum into her ass as she went over the top of her orgasm. Then she started hollering at me,

"Don't shoot it all damn it!! Save some of it! Quick!- pull out now and save some of it for my mouth".

I had already shot three big wads into her ass but with focused effort I tightened up the muscles of my groin and managed to stop the flow of cum as I pulled out of her ass. Beverly flopped over on her back and grabbed King Rodney and shoved him into her mouth and started licking and sucking on him which released the flow of cum again and I shot another five wads into her mouth which she kept in her mouth as she sucked on Rodney and then she pulled back just long enough to say.

"Shoot me some piss baby. Empty your bladder in me..." and quickly resumed sucking on King Rodney as I released a stream of hot piss into her mouth which she used to wash out her mouth of cum and ass grease and swallow down her throat.

When my bladder was empty she continued to suck and swirl her tongue all around my cock head as my cock began shrinking back down to its normal five to six inches of flaccid soft meat. When it was really soft she started gently gnawing on it with her teeth which made me kind of nervous especially when she nipped at the soft flesh of the tip around the piss hole and I involuntarily flinched a couple of times. That's when she giggled and said,

"Relax honey. I'm not going to bite it off. I just love to gently gnaw and nip at the soft flesh of a limp cock that has just filled my mouth with sweet hot cum and piss and push it around in my mouth with my tongue. It's just part of a fantasy of mine about someday biting off a cock and eating it all up. But don't worry baby. It's just a fantasy and I would never, ever be so selfish as to devour such a magnificent instrument of divine erotic pleasure."

"In my travels in Asia I have actually eaten lots of cocks and balls before from horses, cows, and dogs, and also a few harvested from recently deceased men. There are places in Asia where cocks and balls are considered a delicacy as well as a powerful aphrodisiac and are readily available from good restaurants. I like horse cocks and balls the best. It's sort of like having a seafood meal of sausage and oysters and very tasty as well as thrillingly sexual."

"Human cocks and balls are not so common but they are also available, but at a very high cost as they have to be ordered well in advance from a few mortuary houses that will make the arrangements with families of recently deceased men. When an agreeable family is found the cock and balls are harvested within 24 hours of death and frozen for delivery to the restaurant of your choice to prepare for eating. I have eaten three sets of human cocks and balls and they were exciting, intoxicating experiences- especially the third set."

"I was very lucky in that their owner had died of a heart attack while he was fucking his wife and his cock was full of cum when they cut it off. They stitched closed both ends of the piss hole so that none of the cum would leak out. The cock was cooked slowly over a low heat so that it was done medium all around but was still rare in the middle. Then when I sliced into it I was rewarded with a wonderful surprise of fresh. hot delicious cum. It was sort of like when you eat raw oysters from the shell and you find a pearl in the oyster. I loved it! But again, don't worry Steve honey, I won't ever try to bite off your cock. I love it too much in my cunt and ass and filling my mouth with its sweet hot cum."

"Now get up and get dressed sweetie. I need to get cleaned up for my next appointment who will be arriving in about an hour and a half and I don't want to smell like the whore I used to be. You're a keeper in my book baby so don't worry about Sylvia. I presume that Julie told you about her tendencies?"

I replied, "Yeah, she did. She also told me not to worry about Sylvia, but she didn't include too many specific details. Is there something specific about her preferences that I should know about?"

Beverly laughed and said, "Oh not really. She likes to act like she is a rough, tough lesbian dominatrix wearing lots of studded leather and uses whips to intimidate her lovers- both female and male. She has a couple of male Labrador Retriever dogs and she likes to put a dog collar with a leash on her male lover's necks and have them get down on their hands and knees and follow her around sniffing and licking at her ass and cunt and barking like a dog. And then she will probably get one of her labs to fuck you in your ass if you will let that happen or maybe try and get you to suck off one of her dogs."

"My advice is to go along with the things that she wants if they don't bother you and you can stand it, but don't agree to anything that really turns you off. She will back down and settle for what ever you're really willing to do, especially when she sees that nine inch monster cock of yours. She will know that Julie, Annie, and I have already decided to keep you for our boy toy and she damned sure won't want to be the odd bitch left out of the mix. So I'm looking forward to many, many, many more engagements with your magnificent cock sweetie. Now I'll see you Friday evening when we all get together for drinks at the Red Drum."

I was glad to have the extra 36 hours off on Tuesday and Wednesday morning and afternoon to think about all that had happened to me since my first foray as a cougar hunter last Friday evening. On the one hand I was marveling at my good luck in stumbling on to this group of beautiful, mature, strong, self-confident bitches, three of which- actually four including the daughter, Angie, even though strictly speaking Angie wasn't a cougar- had just given me four days of the most fantastic, mind-blowing, sex of all kinds from the standard conventional sex to some really exciting perverted degenerate sex with the promise of unlimited engagements with each of them every week into the indefinite future.

I was a little apprehensive about my coming engagement with the last bitch, Sylvia, hoping that she wouldn't want me to do something really putrid, beyond the pale that would cause her to vote no about me when I refused to do as she wanted. I didn't really want to be the cause of a rift in the close knit friendship of these bitches and their sort of "Ya-Ya sisterhood" type of friendship.

But on the other hand, I did wonder if it would be a mistake to commit myself to becoming their dedicated boy-toy "fuck and suck" required to perform on demand whenever any one of them were horny for my cock and cum. I wondered if I would miss the thrill and excitement of the weekend "hunts" looking for new young cunts and virgins to hook-up with and fuck, and instead would find myself getting stuck in a scheduled routine of constantly servicing the same set of cunts, asses, and mouths with my cock almost like a robot on an assembly line. In the end I guess I came down on the side of becoming a dedicated boy-toy for these bitches convincing myself that I would be a fool for turning down such a great opportunity to have five great bitches at my beck and call for great sex.

My fears about my session with Sylvia turned out to be really unfounded. She had a nice four bedroom ranch style home in a hoity-toity neighborhood of Charleston with a secluded back yard with a swimming pool and hot tub for ten. True to predictions, when I knocked on her door at 6:30 pm she opened it decked out in a studded leather outfit fit for a whore wearing dark black lipstick and mascara. She was holding a riding crop in her right hand and with her left hand grabbed my shirt at the throat and pulled me in through the doo.

I started to say," Holy smokes Sylvia! You are one sexy bitch who...", and she cut me off with a poke of her riding crop in my chest and said,

"Silence you insignificant piece of shit! I am in charge here. From now on you will address me as "Mistress" and not move or speak without permission. The only acceptable way to talk is to say, 'Please my Mistress-may I speak?' You will obey my every command or face the fury of my wrath. Now strip off all your clothes and get naked."

As I began to strip she picked up a dog collar and put it around my neck and fastened a dog leash to it. I must have been a little slow in removing my clothes because she gave me two sharp whacks with the riding crop across my ass buns when my trousers were down around my knees and said,

"Faster you scum bucket or I will make you wish you had never been born! Get those shoes off and then get down on your hands and knees like the dog you are. From here on your name is Rex and when you wish to get my attention you will bark like a dog and sit up on your knees until I give you permission to speak. Is that understood Rex? You may speak."

I got off my hands and knees and sat up and said, "Yes Mistress, I understand." Then she said, "Would you like to smell and lick my ass and cunt Rex?"

I knew that was my cue to act like a dog so I dropped back down on all fours and responded with a couple of sharp barks, "Arf, arf, arf", and hung out my tongue panting. Sylvia smiled and said,

"That's a good dog Rex. Now get a good smell and taste of my asshole and cunt."

And she spread her thighs a little wider exposing her cunt and ass through the "peek-a-boo" bottoms that she was wearing that completely exposed her cunt and asshole. I moved forward and aggressively sniffed licked and probed her asshole with my tongue and mouth, actually getting my tongue to penetrate her ass to lick the soft inner flesh of her ass chute.

Sylvia was moaning and sighing and said,

"Oh my, oh my ... Rex you are a very good doggie. Don't forget my cunt now." I barked twice, "Arf, Arf", and moved my mouth and tongue to her cunt and licked and sucked up her cunt juice which had started to flow and then I nibbled on her clit which quickly drove her to an orgasm. The intensity of her orgasm drove her to her knees breathing hard. When she recovered her composure she got up and said,

"That was excellent Rex. I don't think you need any more training. So let's go into the playroom and meet Sam and Fred."

She pulled me by the leash into her family room adjoining the backyard and pool. She had a couple of body length thick lounging futons on the floor in front of the fireplace and lounging on the couch were her two Labrador Retriever dogs, Sam and Fred. Sam was a chocolate brown lab and Fred was a black and white lab.

She parked me by one of the futons and told me to stay and then went over to Sam and sat next to him and began petting him and rubbing his cock pouch. His ears perked up and I saw him stick his nose into her crotch and started licking her cunt. She giggled and said, "That's right Sam ... momma is ready to play ... but let's go over and meet our new friend, Rex." And she brought Sam over and told him to lie down on his back on the futon next to me. Then she said, "Rex, meet Sam and show him what a good friend you are and suck on his cock until it gets real big and hard."

That's when I decided it had gone far enough and I said, "OK, it's time out time Sylvia. I am willing to play your little games with you and pretend to be a dog and all of that, but I am not going to suck off any dog's cock or lick his balls or let him fuck me in the ass, or any other such thing like that. I am willing to massage his balls to get him excited and to jack him off for you to make it easier for you to eat his cum if that's what you like. But that's as far as I will go with dogs.

I have a world class cock at your service and I'm up for water games with cunts, but not with animals. By that I mean I will drink your piss and let you piss all over me if that's your thing. I like cunt juice piss cocktails from good looking cunts, but I won't have anything to do with any kind of animal piss. So there you have it baby. I'm a great fuck sweetie so why don't you really get to know my cock before you make up your mind."

Sylvia let out her breath with a look of dejection and said, "OK, ok, ok ... I understand Steve. To be honest, I would have been greatly surprised if you had agreed to suck off Sam's cock since I have never found a man anywhere willing to suck off a dog and eat his doggie cum for me."

"It's funny really, because women don't seem to have that kind of hang-up. Julie and Beverly both have sucked off Sam and Fred before and gobbled down their cum with relish. Annie is still a little skittish about sucking off a dog's cock but she has eaten doggie cum many times by sucking it out of one of our cunts after we have been fucked by Sam or Fred. I suspect it won't be long before she will take the plunge and actually suck off Sam or Fred's cock.

Well, you can take off that collar now and let's get it on. I want that monster cock of yours in my cunt, and if you don't mind, I would like to let Sam fuck me in the ass while you're fucking my cunt.

I replied, "Hell no, I don't mind at all honey. Let me get on my back and you can climb on top and sink your cunt down onto my hard cock so your ass hole is exposed to Sam's cock.

That's what we did and she loved every second of my cock penetrating well into her womb pumping eleven wads of hot cum into her as Sam was filling up her ass with his seven inches of hard cock pumping her ass full of his hot doggie cum. She had three consecutive orgasms- two driven by my cock in her cunt and one driven by Sam's doggie cock in her ass- so close together that they seemed almost like one continuous giant orgasm.

Sam was still tied to Sylvia with his big knot swollen up inside Sylvia's ass chute and he was still pumping doggie cum into her ass when I finished my orgasm and pulled out of her cunt. She told me to wiggle my body up towards her head so she could suck out the cum still left in my piss hole. She sucked out and ate two big mouthfuls of my cum and was savoring the taste when she had her orgasm from Sam's ass fucking and she said,

"Oh my God Steve baby! This is heaven. I have never felt such exquisite ecstasy with my whole body full of sweet, hot cum- my cunt and womb, my ass, and my stomach. God, I love your cock. Let's just lay here for a while so I can suck on your cock until Sam's knot shrinks and he pulls out of my ass, then I want you to fuck me in my ass baby."

I spent almost four more hours with Sylvia fucking her in her ass, cunt and mouth over a dozen times. She didn't include Sam or Fred in any of the times that I was fucking her or she was sucking off my cock, but she did entertain me by sucking off Sam or Fred and having them fuck her in her ass and cunt whenever I had to take a 15 or 20 minute break to let my balls regenerate my cum charge. She really got off big time by letting one of her dogs fuck her in one of her holes while she sucked off the cock and ate up all the doggie cum of her other dog.

That cunt liked to eat cum more than any other cunt I have ever known. She told me that she never missed a day without sucking off one or both of her dogs and gobbling down their big loads of doggie cum, and it didn't matter whether she had been fucked by a man and sucked off his cock or not. Anyway, at 11:30 pm she ended our fuck fest saying that she had to get up early for work. Before I left she asked me to think about whether I would be willing to see her two nights a week and we would talk about it on Friday at the Red Drum.

I arrived at the Red Drum Gastropub at about 6:45 pm on Friday afternoon and got me a stiff scotch at the bar and started looking around and saw my four bitches already there at a table in the back with drinks already served. They looked like they had been there for a while as I saw a couple of empty glasses on the table. I walked up to the table and said with a big grin, "Good evening ladies. I don't believe I have ever seen four more beautiful and deliciously desirable females in my life. You make my mouth water with lust. May I join you.?"

They all were grinning and Julie answered with a laugh and said, "You forgot to add very contented and totally satisfied bitches honey. C'mon around here now and sit between me Annie sweetie, so I can fondle and caress your cock under the table while we formalize things."

Sylvia spoke up quickly and said, "Now stop that Julie. All of us are in lust with Steve's marvelous cock and you're going to get your second chance at it very soon, but right now we have a few things to talk about first."

Then she looked at me and began, "Steve honey, we all got here a little over an hour ago and we have unanimously agreed that you are the man for us. You are a powerful cocksman baby. If we hunted for another 50 years, we would never find a cocksman as powerful, versatile, and most important- so willing to give each of us the particular brand of sex that we like. What we are proposing is that you reserve one day a week from 3:00 pm to midnight for each of us to have a dedicated seven hour period to be with you, as well as to have sex with you."

"We will each provide for the location of our engagements which might be at our homes or a hotel room and we will cover all expenses including drinks, dinner, etc, which we will either prepare, if at our homes, or have catered in if at a hotel. Each of us will decide how we want our engagements with you to begin. Sometimes we might want to meet you in a bar or club for a bite to eat and a few drinks before adjourning to our home or hotel room for sex, and sometimes we might want you to come straight to our homes or room to immediately jump our bones and have wild sex."

"To reiterate, you will never be asked to pick up the tab for anything sweetie. At least three of us are very, very well off financially- hell, it's no secret that Julie is a multi-millionaire. We don't propose to pay you anything for agreeing to this arrangement to be our boy-toy as it were, but I think that you will be pleasantly surprised and pleased over time at how generous we can be with someone as talented as you and as well equipped as you are at meeting our wildest sexual fantasies and needs."

"Now we have agreed among ourselves that Julie should have Fridays, Annie on Sundays, Beverly on Mondays, and I get Wednesdays. That leaves Tuesdays, Thursdays and Saturdays for you to regenerate your balls and cum reservoirs or chase other cunts if you want to. We know how young guys like you love to chase after and fuck hot tight young cunts, especially virgins. If the days I have outlined for each of us don't work for you, we can be flexible and do some swapping. Julie and I are the only two of us who could take any day of the week. Because of her Travel Agency business, Beverly would like Sunday or Monday since those are the two days a week that her business is closed, and because Annie is still married, Sunday is the only day she can get away from her family and husband without having to account for her whereabouts. That may change in the near future but for now Annie's only safe day is Sunday."

The next to last point we would like to stipulate is that whenever you are unable to meet one of us on our appointed day that you try and give us at least 24 hours notice if possible so we might can make other arrangements. Some of us have other male acquaintances that enjoy fucking us and we might want to schedule a sub in your place- but probably not though, since no one any of us knows honey could replace you."

Sylvia snapped at Beverly, "Stop that snickering Beverly! I know you're laughing at me because I have my two Labs to fuck me when I don't have a real man cock. You should get yourself a big dog Bev and try it out. My dogs are always ready to fuck me when I need it and doggie cum is delicious!"

Then she turned back to me, "Anyway Steve, we on our part promise to give you the same courtesy 24 hour notice if we are unable to keep an engagement with you.

"And finally, our last point is that as much as possible we would like to keep this arrangement confidential and between us. This means that we won't be talking to our other friends about the fantastic cock that you have and how we have you largely all to ourselves, and we don't want you bragging to your buddies how you went out on a cougar hunt and bagged four cougars that you are now fucking every week."

"All of us are well respected women in our community as homemakers, business women, and wealthy philanthropist and we don't want to become known as loose women or whores. We understand that over time people will notice us in your company a lot and they will probably begin speculating that we are fucking you. That' ok. We don't care about rumors. Most of them will be spread by unhappy, bitter women who don't have a sex life and are just insanely jealous of us. They can just eat their hearts out. So how does all this sound to you Steve darling. Do we have an agreement?"

I replied, "Ladies I'm overwhelmed. I cannot believe my good fortune. I started out last Friday night as a novice, inexperienced cougar hunter on my first cougar hunt expecting to come up short and was almost ready to give up and call it a night and go home to jack off and go to sleep when Julie smiled at me, and from that moment on it has been one marvelous, mind-blowing experience after another. Sylvia is right about us young guys and how we like young tight cunts- especially virgin cunts. I admit it. But what we like much, much more are strong, self-confident, beautiful, sexy, mature women in the prime of their sexual lives who love having sex and are experienced in giving pleasure as well as getting pleasure and that describes all of you perfectly."

"I wouldn't trade any of you for any 18 year old hot, tight virgin cunt. Yes, I would like to have virgins to fuck but not necessarily for the sexual pleasure they provide, but more for the satisfaction of being the first cock to ravish a young virgin cunt. The truth is that fucking virgins is often not any fun at all as it is usually painful for them and they start crying making you feel guilty for hurting them forcing you to have to start comforting them. Now before I give you my answer there are a couple of other things I would like to say."

"I'm very glad that you ladies don't intend to try and pay me for my services because I would not have accepted it anyway. I'm not a male whore or prostitute even though I may end up looking like exactly like one. ( ... yuk ... yuk ... yuk). I'm just a good looking young guy, with a one in a million cum delivery hose that loves to plug into as many cunts as I can as often as I can."

In my real life I'm a damn fine professional construction engineer with a great job and a great future here in Charleston and that's my first priority ladies. So if from time to time I have to cut short my time with one of you hot, sexy love machines because of a pressing crisis on one of my construction projects, please just cut me a little slack because I promise you I will always make it up to you with twice as much loving time as I cut you short.

And then finally I would like to ask you Annie that if there is any possible way to have your day with me be on a Tuesday or Thursday or even Wednesday or Friday? I really would like to have my Sundays free along with the Saturday that is already uncommitted."

Annie grimaced as if in pain as she replied, "Oh that would be so difficult for me Steve honey. You see Sunday is the only day of the week that is all mine and I don't have to account for my time to my husband or anyone else. The gals have probably told you about the problems my husband and I are having. He doesn't fuck me anymore and I'm sure he is having an affair and as soon as I can catch him at it I'm going to divorce him and take him to the cleaners and then I'll have all of my days of the week free."

"In the meantime I don't want to give him any reason to divorce me first." And just then Beverly spoke up and said,

"Annie maybe if you made Sundays a lot more attractive to Steve by offering to share him with your teenage daughter, Peggy, and letting him fuck Peggy too just like Julie shares Steve's cock with her daughter, Angie, and lets Steve fuck Angie also, that that would be all right with Steve."

At that I jumped in and said, "That's a great idea Beverly. How about it Annie? I would really love to fuck your daughter and I would be very gentle with her when I popped her cherry."

Annie replied, "I don't know about all of this. First of all, Peggy is not a virgin anymore I'm ashamed to say. She had her first fuck right before she turned 14 and I know she has fucked at least 4 or 5 of her classmates since then and I'm having a hell of a time controlling her and keeping her from turning herself into a little whore."

In fact it wouldn't surprise me if she hasn't already started whoring her cunt and mouth out to some of her horny teenage studs. Recently she seems to have more money to spend than her allowance would seem to support. What I would really like to do is to let her get a look at Steve's hard cock when it is fully hard at its 9 + inches and tell her she can have it in her cunt as a reward when she starts listening to me and obeying me and not before."

That's when I spoke up and said, "Now that's a plan that I can certainly agree with. So don't worry Annie. Sundays will be fine with me until you can ditch yourself of that really stupid husband of yours, and I'll leave it up to you to decide how and when Peggy can get a good look at my hard cock." Then I paused and looked at each of my horny bitches who were waiting in eager anticipation for my next comment and I continued,

"And now ladies, it gives me a great deal of pleasure to announce that I accept your proposition to become your dedicated boy-toy. I hope that I can live up to all your expectations for having gloriously erotic and satisfying sex. I can tell you that I am going to have the time of my life with you beautiful vixens because I have never had such exquisite, satisfying sex as I have had with you four beauties."

They all broke out in beautiful smiles and Sylvia said, "What a wonderful day this is. Let's drink to seal the deal and then have some dinner. I propose a toast to Steve and King Rodney. May Steve always stay healthy and King Rodney hard and ready for action!" We all clicked glasses and took a drink and then Julie said,

"Well let's make this a short dinner gals because this is my night to howl with Steve and King Rodney and I'm anxious to get them in my bed and cunt!"

It has been almost three years now since I sealed that deal with my four cougar bitches and they have been glorious years filled with the best sex of my life. All my early fears that I might become bored with fucking and sucking the same set of bitches all the time were totally unfounded. I don't know how much longer this arrangement will last, but I intend to stick with it for as long as they will have me. With good luck I'll be fucking those four cougar bitches in their cunts and asses and having them suck me off for the next five to ten years. I can honestly declare that every single fucking and sucking session that I have had with my four cougars has been fantastically satisfying beyond my wildest hopes and expectations. They're all better fuck sluts now than they were when we first started.

Annie, true to her word, made it possible for me to fuck her daughter Peggy about four months after we sealed the deal that Friday evening in the Red Drum. That all happened after that night Annie caught Peggy fucking her dad and sucking off her brother that I told you about earlier. After that Annie wouldn't let her husband fuck her anymore even when he wanted to, especially after she told him that she was fucking me and some other guys on a regular basis.

That evidently turned her husband on and made him really want to fuck Annie in the worst way but she cut him off and made him move in to their guest bedroom. Then she really rubbed it in his face when she made her husband vacate the house on Sunday afternoons and evenings and told him to go play golf or chase whores, or jack himself off or take Peggy somewhere to fuck her if he wanted to because she didn't want him in the house when I came over to fuck her brains out and have her suck me off and eat my cum.

On one of those Sundays when I was fucking Annie Peggy was in the house and Annie called Peggy into her bedroom so she could watch me cunt fuck Annie with King Rodney and also get a good look at King Rodney in all his nine + inches of hard cock all covered with cunt juice and cum. Annie let Peggy suck out the residual cum in King Rodney after I had fucked Annie but when Peggy begged her mother to let me fuck her too, Annie refused and said that Peggy would have to start being honest with her and start obeying her mother first before she would ever get a taste of my cock in her cunt, ass or mouth.

It took a few weeks during which time Peggy tried to get me to fuck her without her mother's knowledge but of course I wasn't about to make that mistake. Peggy finally gave in and told her mother the truth about everything beginning with how she seduced her dad by sucking off his cock one afternoon when he fell asleep on the floor in front of the TV wearing boxer shorts and a T shirt.

While he was asleep he got a hard on, which Peggy saw and took advantage of it to suck it off until it came in her mouth and then she climbed on top of her dad and lowered her cunt on to his hard cock breaking her cherry in the process. Her dad woke up finding his cock buried in Peggy's cunt and just continued to fuck his daughter until he came again, this time in her cunt. While she was fucking her dad her brother came in the room and saw them and threatened to tell Annie what they were doing unless Peggy gave him a blow job.

She said at first she wasn't going to do it until her dad told her to go ahead and suck off her brother's cock at the same time her dad was fucking her so he wouldn't tell Annie and that way he and Peggy would be able to continue fucking each other. Then her brother said he wouldn't tell Annie if Peggy would agree to start fucking and sucking him off too along with their dad whenever he was horny. She said that's how she got started fucking and sucking off both her dad and her brother at least three or four time a week each, sometimes separately and sometimes together in a three way because the two of them were always horny for Peggy's cunt and mouth.

But she also said that she wasn't mad about it because she really loves fucking and sucking off cocks and eating cum. In fact she said, she loved it so much that soon after that event when she entered high school she started selling blow jobs and fucks to her brother's friends for $10 a cock sucking and $20 for a fuck and pretty soon she was making an average of $100 a week. But it didn't take her long to discover that she was selling herself way to cheap and now, she told her mom, she was clearing between $400 to $500 a week whoring herself out to high school studs and male teachers from her high school during the week, and some sailors from the naval base on the week ends.

Annie told her that making a living as a whore was a very tough and eventually a very unhappy and often dangerous way of earning a living. She convinced Peggy to stop being a whore for the rest of her high school years by bribing her by making her husband agree to pay Peggy $250 every time he fucked her and $150 every time her brother fucked her. And then she threw in the clincher and said that she would share me and my cock with Peggy so she could experience and enjoy the out of this world ecstasy of being royally fucked by my nine+ inch hot hard cock filling her cunt up to the back of her womb every Sunday when I came over to fuck Annie.

Annie told her when she finished high school and turned 18 she hoped that Peggy would go on to college and get a good education and have a normal happy life and maybe meet and marry a good man, but that if she still wanted to be a whore that Julie's daughter, Angie, could help her get started with some safe johns that she knew and Beverly would teach her the tricks of the trade and help her to get herself set up as a high class, high priced whore.

So for the last year and a half every time I went over to Annie's to fuck her, I had the very delightful pleasure of getting to fuck her daughter Peggy as well. During the past 18 months Peggy showed her appreciation to me by finding six young 16 and 17 year old virgin cunts from her school that wanted their cherries popped by my monster cock which I delighted in doing.

Peggy is almost 19 now, out of high school, and one very sweet, sexy piece of ass, and she decided that she wanted to be a whore after all. Beverly has been teaching her some of the tricks and techniques that make a good whore and got her set up as a call girl whore with her own whore's pad in a nice condo and Angie gave her name to some of her wealthy johns and Peggy's first whoring engagement was last night.

Tomorrow is Sunday and Annie and I are going over to Sylvia's house to join Beverly, Julie, and Angie in a party for Peggy in honor of her successful debut as a whore. The highlight of the party will be watching Peggy learn how to get fucked in her cunt and ass by Sylvia's Labs and how to suck off their dog cocks and eat their doggie cum. Beverly insists that she needs to add doggie sex to her bag of tricks if she expects to be a real professional whore. Of course I expect that my cock will get to enjoy either the cunt, ass, or mouth of every one of those six bitches at least once, and most of them multiple times- especially Annie since Sunday is her day.

Well that pretty much wraps up my Cougar Hunt Tale. I'll be the first to admit that I have been one extremely lucky guy to have had such success at bagging such a fantastic group of cougar cunts to supply me with all the fucking and cunt eating pleasure that I could handle over the last two or three years. I'm realistic about all of it and know that not every cougar hunter that goes looking for hot cougars to fuck and suck will have such success.

Certainly my nine inches of hard cock deserves a lot of the credit. But there has also been lots of non-sexual benefits that I have enjoyed. Last year Julie gave me a brand new Corvette for my birthday and Sylvia gave me a genuine gold Rolex watch worth about $23,000.

Beverly took me and Annie's daughter, Peggy, with her on a three week all expenses paid vacation cruising the Caribbean islands. When we weren't having a great time touring the islands together those two bitches took turns fucking and sucking my brains out and they did all the work. All I had to do was to provide my cock and they performed their magic on it.

Peggy got a little on-the-job-training and instructions from Barbara on how to pick up johns on the ship and she had lots of whoring hook-ups with "dirty old men" on the cruise ship when we were at sea between island stops and ended up making quite a tidy sum of money for herself.

The last couple of things I feel I need to say about this marvelous experience of mine is to first acknowledge the debt that I had incurred to the cougar, Abby, that I met at the Pearlz Bar and the Vendue Inn on that night of my first cougar hunt. As you might recall, it was Abby who set me on the right path to bagging a cougar when she explained to me how I needed to play the part of the prey instead of the hunter and let the cougars bag me. I know that if it wasn't for Abby's good hearted favor in explaining how I needed to act in order to score with a cougar that I might still be looking for my first success in spite of my nine inch cock.

Abby was a delectable piece of ass and could have easily took me home with her that night to fuck and suck my brains out, except for the fact that she had already committed herself to another young stud and she would not go back on her word. I have a lot of respect for the way she kept her word to that other stud and I don't want you to think that I was an ungrateful jerk for the invaluable help that she was to me. So about six months after I started my relationships with my four cougar bitches I started cruising the East Bay joints on my Saturday nights off to see if I could find Abby again, or more correctly, let her find me so I could thank her properly for the great advice she gave.

On my third Saturday night cruising the bars she found me at the Vendue Inn and took me home with her where she cunt and ass fucked me and sucked me off so many times that my balls revolted and went on strike and they had to have a good eight hours of rest before I was able to generate another good charge of hot cum. Since that first time Abby has been in the habit of calling me about every six weeks or so to come spend the night with her on one of my down days, usually on a Thursday or Saturday. She always wants me to fuck her at least once in her cunt and in her ass, but what she really loves is sucking me off and eating my cum. That woman loves sucking cock and eating cum more than any other bitch I have ever known. I love my engagements with her because I don't have to do hardly any work. All I have to do is just lay back and let her work her magic with her mouth and empty my balls in her mouth and shoot some piss down her throat every once in a while.

The second thing I would like to clear up in case the earlier references to Angie's "johns" might have given you the impression that Angie is a real practicing whore. It would be understandable if you drew that conclusion, but I really want to make clear that she isn't a real whore even though she makes some of the guys that she fucks pay her. Angie's mom, Julie, is a multi-millionaire and Angie obviously doesn't need to sell herself as a professional whore for sure. It's just that she gets a huge charge out of knowing that she is such a hot piece of ass that men are willing to pay to fuck her and have her suck off their cocks, that she loves to make them pay to see how much they are willing to pay to fuck her cunt and ass. She says that it really intensifies the power of her orgasms when men will pay her lots of good money to fuck her in her cunt and ass and experience the out of this world pleasure of having her suck off their cocks and eat up their hot cum. Of course she doesn't make me pay to fuck her. In fact she has told me many times that she would be willing to pay me in order to have my nine inch cock ramming her cunt to orgasm and dumping my huge loads of sweet hot cum into her mouth and down her throat.

So reader, if you're a young guy getting frustrated with all the stupid games you have to play chasing after pussy trying to land some hot young tight cunt to fuck your brains out and give you mind blowing cum eating cock suckings, I highly recommend that you consider letting some hot cougar cunt take you home to take charge of your cock. I guarantee you won't regret it.

Feedback, good or bad, is gratefully appreciated. Please send comments to MuffDiver


Pages: Prev | 1 | 2 | 3 | 4 | Next

Your opinion is important:
Share with the others what you think about
"A Cougar Hunting Tale"
     
Switch to Expanded voting form
The End

Your critiques and comments are gratefully appreciated good or bad. They all help me in trying to become a more effective writer.

Please send remarks to MuffDiver. [Update Dec 2010: I have had to modify my Hotmail email address for receiving feedback. Please address any feedback to h.landers1981@hotmail.com. Note the difference of "1981" that replaces 1961 in the previous address shown in the email dialogue box.]
Posted: 2010-07-09
Home | Top | MuffDiver's Page |   Feedback to author
