 
Home | aubie56's Page « A Fantastic Ring Index
Chapter 1
Posted: April 20, 2012 - 12:44:57 pm
Updated: April 20, 2012 - 01:12:32 pm

I was walking through the vacant lot on my way home from middle school when I found it. This particular lot was pretty scruffy, no matter how "organic" your attitude might be. Between the dry grass and the open plots of dirt, about all that you could say good about the place was that it did a real good job of raising clouds of dust. When there was no wind, as was the case today, just walking through could raise clouds higher than my 5'-8".

Anyway, I was scuffling my feet through the dirt trying to see just how much dust I could raise when I accidentally kicked what I at first thought was a funny looking washer. However, when I reached down to pick it up, it literally jumped from the ground to the ring finger of my right hand.

That was enough to scare the shit out of me! How did the ring jump from the ground and fit itself exactly around my finger? Not only that, but I was unable to pull the ring off, no matter how hard I tried. It didn't look like much: just a band of silver or white gold or maybe even stainless steel. But, whatever it was, it had shrunk to fit my finger so tight that I could not pull it off over my knuckle. The ring was tight, but it didn't hurt my finger, so I figured it could stay where it was until I got home. Mom or Dad would probably have a solution to getting it off.

I was still about four blocks from home when I found the ring, and I was in no hurry to get home. The subdivision we lived in was intended to be one of those high-end residential neighborhoods, but the economy had nosedived, and the developer had run out of money. Thus, there were five houses in the subdivision when the original intention had been to have 12 built there. I didn't worry about it, but Mom and Dad did because it was having a negative effect on the value of our house.

Dad and Mom still both worked. Mom didn't have to work: Dad's computer consulting firm made enough money to support us in a grand style. However, Mom was bored staying at home while my sister and I were at school and Dad was gallivanting (her word) around the country calling on customers. She didn't complain too much, since Dad brought in so much money. At the time, I didn't know what he did, except that it had something to do with keeping hackers out of a company's computers. That seemed to be a recession-proof occupation!

I was dawdling along toward home when I spotted another boy about my age headed in approximately the same direction. A new family had moved in nearly three weeks ago, and I had not met them yet. This kid must be a part of that family. I walked up to him and said, "Hi, my name is Billy Watkins. I live in that house over there. What's your name?"

"Fuck off, dork! Stay away from me. I'm a loner, and I like it that way."

"Okay, I'll stay away from you, but I would like to know your name."

"I said to leave me alone!" That was when the new kid balled his hand into a fist and took a swing at my face.

What in the shit was wrong with this kid? I tried to duck out of the way of his swing, but I didn't quite make it. His fist caught me on the face just below my left eye socket. It didn't hurt all that much, but it was enough to make me stagger back. I stumbled backwards and thought to myself, I wish I had someway to make this guy stop swinging at me.

All of a sudden, the kid fell unconscious at my feet. I had not touched him, so I was completely mystified as to what had happened. I checked and found that the kid was still breathing, so I decided to get the Hell out of Dodge. I ran all of the way home and ran inside. Mrs. Archer, the housekeeper was still there, so she was the first person I saw.

"Billy, have you been in a fight? The whole side of your face is red just like somebody had hit you there. I wouldn't be surprised to see a black eye form. Let's get an ice bag on it before that happens."

Mrs. Archer was a real peach of a person, and she looked out for me and Sally, my sister. She had an ice bag on my face almost before I was breathing normally from my little run home. Mrs. Archer had me sit at the kitchen table and hold the ice pack against my face with one hand while I used the other hand to eat some homemade cookies and drink a Coke.

"Okay, Mr. Billy Watkins, now give me the straight poop on how you got hit."

Never in my life had I ever lied to Mrs. Archer, and this did not seem like a good time to start. "I saw the new kid, a boy, in the neighborhood, and I walked up to him to introduce myself. I gave him my name and asked for his. I swear that was all I said. He said that I should leave him alone. I agreed to, but I wanted to know his name. That's when he swung a fist at me and connected when I tried to duck out of the way. Then, he fell unconscious at my feet. I swear that I didn't touch him. I checked to make sure that he was still breathing before I ran home. Mrs. Archer, I don't understand any of this!"

"Okay, Billy, I believe you. Don't get yourself all worked up over this, but it sure does sound strange. Your Dad is back in town, so be sure to tell him what happened when he comes in after work."

I wasn't so sure that was such a great idea, but I trusted Mrs. Archer, so I agreed to do what she suggested. We talked for a few more minutes, and then I showed her the yellow gold ring that I was wearing. I asked her opinion about getting it off. She wanted to know the story of why I was wearing it and how I managed to get it on if it was so hard to get off.

I had no answer to that, but I did tell her how it seemed to shrink to fit my finger after it settled into place. She tut-tutted over that and suggested that we try lubricating my finger with soap. She said that was how she had removed her rings when her fingers swelled. Well, we tried the soap, but no amount of tugging would get the ring to move. It didn't even want to slip around my finger when I tried to rotate it. We must have worked for about 20 minutes trying to get the ring off, but we finally gave up in disgust at a bad job.

Mrs. Archer laughed and said that I might be stuck with that ring for the rest of my life, unless I wanted to chop my finger off. I was not amused! At least, she did say that it was a nice looking man's ring, and girls would find it attractive. Now that got my attention. I was starting to see girls as more than annoying parts of the scenery, so I decided to leave well enough alone if she really thought girls would like the ring. I did decide to get additional opinions by asking the rest of my family, especially my sister.

At supper, I showed them the ring and asked for opinions. I had not noticed it before, but the ring now sported a brilliant ruby and four tiny diamonds as the setting. This was getting pretty weird, because when I first got the ring, I remembered it as being a plain white band with no gem setting. Oh, well, I was not going to complain—even I liked the ring now. My parents and my sister all agreed that it was a very nice looking ring without being ostentatious (my mother's word).

That evening, as per Mrs. Archer's suggestion, I told Dad about the kid assaulting me this afternoon. Dad was appropriately sympathetic, but he had no idea why the kid had attacked me. He did say that all he knew about the family was that their name was Anderson, and the only children they had was the one boy. Dad laughed when I said, "Well, I can understand why they have only one kid if their son acts like that all of the time."

The conversation turned to other things, and I asked about getting some transportation of my own. My bicycle had been stolen at school; I had locked it to the rack, but it was gone when I went out to ride it home that afternoon. Since then, I had been riding the school bus to and from school, but I did not relish the idea of walking that seven blocks from the bus stop in winter weather.

Dad pointed out that I was too young for a car, but he would see what he could arrange. He also promised to ask Mom to inquire where she worked if, among all of those lawyers, there might be somebody who could come up with a solution to my problem. In the meantime, I would just have to keep taking the bus and walking for the duration.

Well, this had been an interesting day, but it got a lot more interesting after I went to sleep. I had a dream like none I had ever had before. Specifically, the dream dealt with my new ring. I don't know to this day how it works, but the ring seemed to give me an intensive course in how to use its powers.

The ring was magical in nature, but I would have figured that out by myself after I had some time to consider how it had gotten onto my finger, how it had adjusted its size, and how it had "grown" the gemstone setting.

However, the really interesting thing about the ring was that it had powers that could be used to defend its wearer. I could get these powers to work for me by a simple mental request, such as the one I had used this afternoon to protect me from that fool boy.

The first thing that I asked for was some sort of shield to cover my body to keep me from suffering the blow to my face that I had received this afternoon. My idea was to protect my whole body from attack without me having to think consciously and continually about the body armor. That was all I could think of that I wanted at the moment, but it was clear that I could have any other protection that I wanted as soon as I thought of it.

To this day, I have no idea what generates the power that the ring needs to do its thing. Maybe it comes from my body, transferred by the contact with my skin. Maybe it comes from another dimension. Maybe it comes from exposure to the sun. I don't know, but I will be happy as long as it keeps working.

One other thing that I do know: that was the best night's sleep that I could remember ever having. I woke up feeling fully refreshed and not dragging my ass like I usually did when I woke up at 6:00 AM on school days. Sally has to get up at the same time as I do, though she goes to the high school. In fact, we ride the same bus as far as the middle school where I get off. Sally stays on the bus and continues to the high school.

This morning, I was up and finished in the bathroom before Sally showed up for her morning ritual. Normally, she had gotten to the bathroom first, and I had to share the master bathroom with Dad because she kept the bathroom occupied so long that there was barely time for breakfast. Today was the exception, and everybody was amazed—me, the most of all.

I was the first one downstairs for breakfast, and I was fully dressed and ready for school, except for that last brushing of my teeth before leaving for the bus. That, too, was normally done by me in the master bathroom, and I figured to stay with that routine.

I had bacon, eggs (2), and grits with my orange juice and coffee. The B, E, & G replaced the cold cereal that I usually ate. Oh, I see that I forgot to mention that we lived in Dothan, AL, so that was the reason for the grits.

As I walked out the door, I noticed that the weather had already started to cool off. A cold front had come through and dropped the temperature to 63°F. Well, that was not too cold for the walk to the bus. Of course, Sally complained that her legs were cold, but the dumb girl was still wearing a miniskirt like she wore in the hot weather of summer (85°F and up to 105°F). When I asked her about it, she said, "Ace (her boyfriend) likes to see my legs, so I want to wear the mini as long as possible."

Even at my age, I knew that I could not argue with hormones, so I kept my mouth shut, though I did think a lot of things. We got to the bus stop in plenty of time to stand around, so I was very surprised when Sally pointed out my new ring to her girlfriends who were also waiting for the bus. I guess that proved what Mrs. Archer had said, and my ring was going to help me attract girls. I got several nice compliments on the ring, and I was pleased on two counts: people liked the ring, and those people were female. I sent a mental thank you to my ring, and I swear that it got a little warmer on my finger.

Speaking of a little warmer, somehow, I was not bothered by the cooler weather after that first 10-15 seconds of exposure. I wondered if my new body shield had anything to do with that, but I realized that it had to, because nothing else about me had changed. Even if I didn't need the extra clothing, I was going to have to dress in a sweater and/or a jacket as the weather cooled off just so that I would not look like a freak.

The bus showed up, and we climbed in. One of Sally's friends pointed out my ring to her younger sister who was in my class, so I hoped that the word of my new ring would spread around the school as quickly as other news did. Maybe a girl would sit with me at lunch!

School went pretty much as it always did before lunch. I absolutely could not stand the stuff the lunch room called food, so Mrs. Archer always had a lunch fixed for me. Normally, it was one of my favorite sandwich types, double thickness, a piece of fruit, and some of her homemade cookies for dessert. I usually drank orange juice for my beverage.

I sat down at my usual place, but no girls made an effort to join me. Then it dawned on me that it was my fault: I had not invited a girl to join me. However, at that moment, I could not believe my luck. A good looking girl who was in my class walked by. I knew that she did not have a current boyfriend, so I jumped up and invited her to sit with me. The look on her face was absolute surprise because no boy had ever done this before to her.

She looked at me for a moment and happened to glance at my ring, which I was holding so that she could not help but see it if she looked at my right hand. I don't understand it, but the sight of my ring seemed to be the deciding factor. She mumbled something about usually sitting with some of her girlfriends, but she stood up straight and accepted my invitation.

Now, I will be the first to admit that I am not the best conversationalist, especially with girls, but I made a real effort. Hell, I even offered Julie my banana from home. I remembered that somewhere I had read that women like to talk about themselves, so I made every effort to steer the conversation in that direction whenever it began to wander. Apparently, I was quite successful in my efforts because we sat there talking until the bell went off calling us to our next class.

Julie turned out to be an interesting person to go along with her good looks, so I invited her to join me tomorrow. She blushed just a tinge, but she agreed to sit with me at lunch. I walked her to her homeroom where she could pick up her books for the afternoon classes, and then I had to rush to make it to my own class on time. Yes, that was the most pleasant lunch I'd had in my over two years in middle school.

I spent the afternoon floating on air as I thought about my first "conquest" of a potential girlfriend. That day, as a further example of my maturity, I walked my sister home from the bus stop. Actually, we started out as three girls with me, but they dropped off as we passed their homes.

When we got home, Sally kissed me in something more than the conventional brother-sister peck on the cheek. When I asked what that was for, she said that was in appreciation for me walking the girls home that day. "Billy, that was the first day in weeks that we have not been bothered by one or more boys trailing after us and trying to get us to go somewhere alone with them. You can bet that the boys had more than social conversation in mind if any of us had gone with them."

"Oh, Sally, I wish that you had said something to me sooner. I would have been happy to walk you and any other girls home. I know how annoying teen boys can be when they have sex on their minds."

"Yes, I am sure that you would. I kick myself for not thinking of it before you did. Can you perform the same service tomorrow?"

"Absolutely, and for as long as you need me."

The next morning was a repeat of the previous day. I had my BE&G breakfast finished before Sally got to the table. To go along with that, I was feeling great, like I'd had at least 10 hours of solid sleep. If the ring never did anything else for me, I really appreciated what it had done for my nights.

I brushed my teeth and waited for Sally to be ready to leave for the bus. It seemed to me that walking with my sister and talking to her would give me some practice in how to talk to girls. Sally was pleased that I waited for her, so we got off to a good start that morning. I asked her some questions about how girls wanted boys to act, and I learned a lot more than I ever expected. I planned to use some of that information when I met with Julie at lunch.

My lunch date with Julie was a roaring success! I was able to make her laugh at my comments on several occasions, and Sally had said that was something that girls liked about a boy. This was Friday, so we made a date for lunch on Monday and went to our afternoon classes.

The afternoon went about as expected and I met Sally and her friends on the bus to go home. They had saved me a seat to sit with them, and I sat between Sally and Ann, one of her friends. Hazel, the other friend sat on the other side of Sally. I think that I surprised the three girls by holding up my end of the conversation until we got to our bus stop. I walked with the three girls for about a block when the trouble started.

Three boys of just over high school age stepped in front of us and blocked our path. It was obvious that trouble was on the way when the boys started making off-color remarks to the girls. One of the boys said, "See, Guys, I told you that they were three dolls. They all look great, so make your choices, and I will take the one left over."

I thought to my ring, This is going to turn into a fight. If you can, make me strong enough to hold my own against these three boys. I got no reply, but I did not expect one; it was obvious that I either had to take a stand or to run away. There was just no middle ground.

I made my choice and said, "Okay, that's enough from you three. Now move out of the way so that we can go home."

The largest of the three boys, the one who seemed to be the leader, said, "Shut up, Pipsqueak! Nobody's talking to you. You can leave, but the girls stay with us."

"No, I don't think that is going to happen. Sally, use your cellphone to call the cops while I deal with these three bullies."

Sally looked like that thought had never crossed her mind, but she fumbled in her purse for her cellphone. One of the toughs reached out to try to snatch the phone from her hand. To my surprise, I was a little bit faster. I grabbed the boy's arm and pulled him toward me. I don't know where the urge came from, except it must have been from the ring. I snapped my fist into the bully's solar plexus, and he fell to the ground in a combination of surprise and breathlessness. Meanwhile, Sally rushed to complete her call to 911.

The other two bullies charged at me, and I grabbed one of them by the shoulders and pulled. He was not expecting that, and his face was tipped down toward my knee. I caught him in the nose with my kneecap and smashed it beyond recognition. Needless to say, the bully fell to the ground.

During this time, the third bully swung at my right kidney as hard as he could with his fist. There was nothing that I could do about avoiding the blow, and it landed with a solid thud that I felt shake me to my eyes. Surprisingly, the blow did not hurt me, but the bully screamed and started to nurse a broken hand. I turned around and kicked him in the balls. He was soon lying on the ground in considerable pain.

In fact, all three of the bullies were now candidates for the ER (Emergency Room), and I advised Sally to ask for medical assistance for the three. She added that to her request, and agreed to wait until the cops showed up.

The medical people showed up first, and they went to work on the three injured boys. Not long after that, a cop showed up and questioned all of us about what happened. I was amazed at the way the girls went on about my fighting prowess and how I had saved them all from rape.

I gave the cop my story, which included a blow-by-blow account of the battle, such as it was. When I finished, the cop was as impressed as the girls. All of the potential rapists were larger than me and older than me, so it was very unlikely that I would have been able to overcome all of them the way I did. Nevertheless, the evidence was staring us in the face and could not be argued out of existence. Now that I had the chance, I mentally thanked the ring for its help. Again, I felt it get a little warmer as if it were not used to being thanked and was a little embarrassed by the praise.

It took an hour to get through all of the red tape, and we promised to show up to sign complaints against the three bullies. In this, we had to wait until we were contacted by the cops. The bullies were in no condition to go to court, so we would have to be contacted when it was time for us to appear. These guys were suspected of having committed other rapes, so the cops wanted them off the streets as soon as possible.

Once we were free to leave, we walked the first girl, Hazel Mason, to her house. All three girls could not seem to keep their hands off of me as we walked, and, okay, I'll admit it, I was eating up the attention. Hazel invited us into the house, and we went in with her. Nobody was home, so we had the house to ourselves.

Sally and Ann called home with an explanation of why we were not home and said that we were all at Hazel's house for another hour or so. As soon as that was done, the girls attacked me with hugs and kisses. They acted like I was some great hero who had saved all of them from a grisly fate. They were probably right, but I was sure not going to argue with them in any case.

This hugging and kissing continued for a little while, but it moved to another level when Ann pulled my hand up to fondle her breast. That was the first real breast that I had touched since I was weaned from my mother's milk, so I was overcome with an even heavier rush of hormones. Suddenly, before I had really gotten to the good part, Ann pushed me away. I thought that was the end of that good time, but she only wanted a little room to remove her blouse and bra. When she finished doing that, she sighed hard and removed the rest of her clothes.

I was thunderstruck! I had never seen a live naked woman; the only naked women I had seen were on the web or in magazines that the guys sometimes brought to school. She had even shaved off all of her pubic hair, so I had a good look at her pussy.

Of course, I had started getting hard as soon as I had received that first kiss as we came through the front door. Therefore, I thought that my cock would break because it wouldn't bend against the constraint of my jeans. Hazel solved that problem by loosening my belt and fly and pulling my pants and underwear off. To add to the madness, even my sister joined in reducing me to nudity by removing my shirt and undershirt. Hazel had already removed my shoes and socks, so I was a bare as Ann.
Chapter 2
Home | Top | aubie56's Page |   Feedback to author



 
Home | aubie56's Page « A Fantastic Ring Index « Previous
Chapter 2
Posted: April 24, 2012 - 10:45:52 am

As soon as I was naked, Ann rushed to grab me and pulled me into full contact with her body, from the lips of her mouth to the lips of her pussy. Naturally, since I was a virgin, I creamed as soon as Ann grabbed me, and I squirted out four major shots of cum that coated her pussy and ran down her legs. I have no idea of how much more I secreted because her pussy and my cock were already coated with the white stuff.

Enough sanity remained for Hazel to fetch a towel to wipe up my semen before it stained the rug, so that part was covered. The girls now discussed how they were going to thank me properly. Ann was the only one who was not still a virgin, so plain fucking seemed to be out of the question. However, Ann had a solution to the problem: a blow job from each of the girls while I fondled the good parts of the other girls. That sounded great to me, so that's what happened next.

Ann started off the festivities so that she could show the other two girls how a blowjob should be done. I don't know how expert Ann really was, but she convinced me that she knew what she was doing! It was a good thing that I had shot off my first load already; otherwise, I would have shot as soon as Ann's lips closed on my cock. As it was, I was able to last for nearly 10 minutes before I shot again. During that time, Ann was giving a first class show and tell about how to perform a blowjob.

She started me off with me lying on the floor on my back. Ann bent down over me to reach my cock. After a few minutes, though, she shifted into a 69 position so that I could lick her pussy while she was blowing me. By this time, the other two girls were about to blow a gasket, so Ann asked me to finger-fuck them while we finished up in our 69 position. I am right handed and Sally was on my right side, so she got the better of the finger-fucks, but Hazel never complained. Both Sally and Hazel were so pumped up that they both came from the finger-fucks.

We all took a short rest before Hazel took her turn giving me my blowjob. I could tell that Hazel had not done this very often, if at all, but she was very conscientious with her efforts. I knew that I would cum if she just kept up her efforts, but it was going to take longer than it had with Ann. After 10 minutes of Hazel working on my cock, Ann had us shift into a 69. I could hardly be called an expert in cunnilingus, but I had brought Ann off, so I figured that I could do the same for Hazel. Eventually, I did, but it required that I suck on her clit to accomplish that. Hazel never did bring me off, but I didn't mind. What she had done certainly felt good, so I had no complaints.

Hazel collapsed in exhaustion, but Sally was ready to take over. Unfortunately, or maybe that was fortunately, we heard the garage door open, so we snatched up our clothes and dressed as fast as possible. We just made it as Mrs. Mason walked into the living room from the kitchen. She sniffed a bit and said, "From what I smell, Hazel, you are going on the Pill tomorrow!" I don't know what else was said, but Hazel did tell her mother about the attack when we got off the bus. That may have moderated some of the ire Mrs. Mason felt because she thanked me for looking after her daughter the next time I saw her.

Anyway, the rest of us left for home and got there in plenty of time for supper. Ann thanked me again with a big kiss as she mounted the steps to her front door. Ann also whispered, "Billy, your cum tastes better than most, and I wouldn't mind another opportunity to sample it. Take care of yourself; I would hate for anything to happen to you or your cock and balls."

Sally heard the comments, and they both laughed. We walked the rest of the way home hand in hand. That was a first for me in a day full of firsts. I wondered if, technically, I was no longer a virgin. I even asked Sally for her opinion. She said that she thought that a blowjob did not count that way, and I had to agree with her.

By the time we got home, our parents were both there, and Sally launched into her version of what had happened this afternoon before we got to Hazel's house. I was pretty sure that I had not done all of those things to the boys that she described, but I did enjoy hearing what she thought of me.

Mom was incensed, not that I was fighting, but that Sally had been nearly raped. She agreed that I was a hero, but she was more interested in preventing this from happening again. "Bradly, we have put this off too long, already. Tomorrow is Saturday, so we are going out to find Sally a car that she can drive to school. The streets are simply too dangerous for a girl to wander around, even with her brother along to protect her."

Dad sputtered for a moment before he got himself under control. It had been Mom who had been against letting Sally have a car at her age. She already had a driver's license at Dad's insistence, but he had yet to break Mom down about a car. Mom just felt that Sally at 17 was not mature enough to be able to drive safely, but reality had caught up with her. Dad agreed that Sally needed a car, and she could drive me to and from school in payment for the vehicle. That was fine with me, so that part of the discussion ended there.

The rest of the evening was spent in discussing what kind of car Sally should have. Of course, Sally wanted a red sports car, but both Mom and Dad vetoed that as soon as she mentioned it. In fact, they were both against a convertible for safety reasons, so the discussion finally settled around an SUV. Sally and I were going with Dad tomorrow morning to find a used SUV to fit everybody's specifications.

The most recent recall by Toyota had scared him off cars build outside of North America. Between the accelerator and brake problem of cars with foreign names, Dad was looking for something made by Ford or Chevrolet. He was even leery of Chrysler because of their connection to Germany. Oh, well, I just hoped that this shopping trip didn't take too long.

The first place we went to was a Ford dealer who had been a high school buddy of Dad's. The problem there was that the supply of SUVs had been thoroughly picked over, and Dad could not find anything that he liked. Naturally, Sally was in a daze; she wanted every car that we looked at, but I agreed with Dad that we had to go somewhere else.

Our next stop was at a Chevy dealer, and Dad found the ideal SUV for Sally. It was only two years old, and it had been turned in because the inheritor of an estate wanted a brand new car. The funny thing was that it was a Ford. Well, Dad dickered with the salesman and got the SUV priced where he thought that it was a fair deal. Dad could have bought Sally a new Cadillac SUV if he had wanted to, but he was afraid that she was going to ding it up as she learned to drive it. Therefore, he wanted something that was sturdy, but did not cost so much to repair as a Cadillac would.

The salesman said that we could pick up the SUV that evening. The dealer stayed open until 10:00 PM on Saturday, and the vehicle would be ready long before then. Dad was happy to hear that and signed the papers for the car. The salesman was crushed when he found out that Dad was going to pay cash for the car. The dealer made a small commission on the loans that buyers took out, and the salesman was expecting to get his share of it. Oh, well, that would teach the salesman to be a bit more careful before he agreed to a deal.

We went home, and Sally was practically bouncing in her seat because she was so excited. Dad said that he and Mom were going to pick up the SUV after supper. He did not want Sally to drive it at night for a little while. He would tell her when she could go for rides at night.

That evening, when Dad drove into the driveway, Sally ran out to HER SUV and climbed in. Dad took the keys as insurance, but Sally sat in that driver's seat for nearly four hours! She was so excited that she was about to pop a gusset. Her own car! What more could a 17 year old girl want? Well, Sally would come up with something before too long, but she was deliriously happy at the moment.

It was about 1:00 AM when my bedroom door opened. Naturally, I was asleep and did not react until after the person had closed the door and lay down in the bed with me. That was when I woke up. I couldn't help wondering if the ring had anything to do with what happened then.

I was sleeping on my back, and I rolled over to face whoever it was who had joined me in bed. I sort of unconsciously put out my hand as I rolled over, and the first thing I touched was a breast covered by a very thin tee-shirt. I knew that it was a breast because it was rounded that way, it was soft, and it was crowned by a hard nubbin that could only be a nipple. To my eternal relief, I did not jump back in surprise, but I kept my hand where it could get a good grip on said breast and nipple.

There were only two women in the house this night, so the visitor had to be either my mom or my sister. Well, it did not take me long to figure out who it was—say a nanosecond. It took that long because I had just wakened from a sound sleep. My mother always wore a nylon nightgown that was virtually transparent, not that I had ever seen it except in the laundry, and she always went around the house encased very discretely in a full robe. Rarely, I had seen the flash of a shoulder strap as she bent over to serve breakfast, but never more than that.

On the other hand, this breast, no, let's call it what it was: a teenage tit that was encased in a cotton tee-shirt, something that my mom would never wear where anyone could see it. Okay, it was dark in my room, but I did have a nightlight on that was to help me find my way to the bathroom, so it was not black dark in my room. Therefore, I could see amazingly well for the amount of dim light that was available. I had no idea why she was there, but this had to be my sister, Sally.

Now that I had solved that riddle, the next one was why was she there? That, I was sure, even the great Sherlock Holmes could not have figured out with the paltry amount of evidence that was available. Therefore, I had to resort to the ultimate in subtlety, "Sally, what the hell are you doing here? You know what could happen if Mom or Dad finds us."

"Sure I know, but I don't plan to call them. How about you?"

"Well, now that you mention it, I guess I can wait until daylight to see them. But, that still doesn't answer my first question. Why are you here?"

"It's is kind of complicated, Billy. I can't sleep because of my excitement over my new SUV. Anyway, I wondered if you were awake, too. I guess you weren't, but you are now, so that is just as good.

"I know that you remember what happened at Hazel's house a few days ago, and I wondered if you remembered that I missed my turn with you. I figure that we owe each other that one, and I am here to make it happen. Mom and Dad are asleep at the other end of the house, so they wouldn't hear a thing if I were to scream as loud as possible.

"Anyway, I want to take your virginity and I want you to take mine. Planned parenthood is open tomorrow, so I plan to go to their office for a Morning-After pill and a supply of birth-control pills to start me off. I want you to go with me as moral support. Dad said that I could drive tomorrow, so there is nothing to keep us from going in my SUV.

"Are you interested in joining me in our big adventure as true adults?"

Now, I may be dumb, but I ain't stupid! I was never going to get another offer like this one in my whole life, so I grabbed hold of it with a tenacious grip. "Sally, I could not find a better partner to lose my virginity to, and I am honored that you want me. Do you know much about how fucking is done, or do you want me to use what I have learned from the internet? I have watched some detailed videos on xHamster.com, and I am pretty sure I am familiar enough with the common positions."

"Okay, you take the lead, Billy. I have seen a few videos and a few porn movies, but I really don't know if I understood what they were doing. I'm willing to follow your lead. All I ask is that you try not to hurt me any more than you can help. Ann said that it hurts like hell the first time, but it gets real easy after that."

"The first thing we need is an old towel that we can throw in the trash. It wouldn't do for Mom to find it reeking of sex if we tossed it into the laundry. Do you know where to find one?"

"Yeah, I can get the one that I use for drying my hair. It's full of holes, and Mom will never question me throwing it away. I'll be right back."

Sally was gone for less than a couple of minutes, but it seemed like hours to me. While she was gone, I turned back the bed covers and took off my clothes. Naturally, considering what I was about to do, my prick was standing out like the bowsprit of a clipper ship, and it felt that big!

When she came back, she spread the towel on the bed where her ass would be and turned to me. "Billy, do you want me to take my clothes off, or do you want to do it?"

Now, what do you think was my answer to that? She was only wearing the tee-shirt and some old panties, so there was nothing to me pulling them off, though I did do it as gently as I could manage. I already sort of knew what she looked like naked, but this was a special occasion, so I wanted to burn into my memory every detail of her body.

Sally's C-cup tits were perfect hemispheres topped with nipples that were standing out like they were imitating my cock. They were about half an inch long and a little more than half that in diameter. They were like magnets drawing my attention, but my gaze switched to her pussy. Sally had almost a perfect camel-toe structure to her pussy, except that her clit was trying to poke its way out of its resting place. Her inner lips were invisible, and that was to my preference, since I really had no idea how to treat those that stuck out of the slit. I knew there had to be a way, but I didn't know what it was. Thankfully, I would not have that problem tonight!

I had Sally lie down on her back and spread her legs. I climbed between her thighs and lightly rubbed my hand over her pussy slit. Many of the boys who bragged that they knew what was going on during sex insisted that the woman had to be wet to cut down on the friction. Well, I had no idea what the liquid was that they were talking about, but I didn't have to learn tonight. Sally was so wet with some sort of liquid that my hand was coated with it when I drew it back. I figured that was wet enough for our purposes, so I relaxed and thought about the other parts of the sex act.

A couple of the videos that I had watched had the woman going nuts while the man kissed and sucked on her nipples. That looked to me like a good place to start, so I took one of Sally's nipples between my lips and began to suck on it as if I were going after milk. Her response was, "Billy, that feels good, but I think that it would feel even better if you did not suck so hard. Please ease off a little and let's give it a try." I did find out later that Ace, her boyfriend, also sucked too hard, but was not willing to ease off when she asked him to. Well, I was out to make Sally feel good, so I did ease off immediately. She sighed and began to moan.

Her moaning scared me, so I stopped and asked, "Sally, am I hurting you? You are moaning like you are in pain. Do I need to stop?"

"No! No! Please don't stop. That feels so good that I can't help moaning. I'll try to stop if it bothers you."

"Oh, no, you can moan all you want to. It doesn't bother me now that I know that I am not causing you any pain. You just do whatever makes you feel good, and I'll go along with it. My main interest right now is in making you feel good."

I continued to suck on her nipples while I massaged her tits with my hand that was not being used to support me as I leaned over her. At one point, I slipped, and her nipple almost came out of my mouth. Instinctively, I guess, I bit down on it to hold it in place between my lips. I caught myself before I bit too hard, but the little nip by my teeth did not escape Sally's attention. She really moaned at that, so I began to modulate my sucking routine with an occasional nip with my teeth.

One of those nips produced a significant reaction. Suddenly, Sally bucked her hips off the bed and began to roll her head back and forth while she hyperventilated. I recognized that reaction from some of the porn videos that I had seen as a sign that she had orgasmed.

I backed off because I did not have any other instruction as to what to do. Sally continued to carry on with her orgasm for about a minute or so. When she came back to Earth, she grabbed me with her arms in an embrace that might have hurt had my ring not been looking after me. She pulled herself up off the bed and gave me a kiss that curled my toes! When she lay back down, Sally said, "That was the strongest orgasm that I have ever had. I have never had anything like that when I play with myself. I'm not sure what you did, but don't forget it, because I want to do that again real soon!"

Well, I wasn't going to forget what I was doing because I wanted to induce that reaction again. It was a monster boost to my ego to know that I could bring such pleasure to my sister.

Sally said, "Billy, that's enough playing around! I want to fuck, and I want to fuck now!"

"Your wish is my command, dear Sister. Raise your legs so that I can reach your pussy."

Sally did so, and I found that a most delectable pussy was presented to me. Even in the minimal light in my bedroom, I could see her pussy lips glistening with the lubricant that was leaking from her vagina. Always mindful of the few instructions that I had, I rubbed my cock in her pussy slit to get as much liquid onto it as I could. I figured that, since this was the first time for both of us, Sally should take some part in the festivities besides just lying there and letting me fuck her.

Therefore, I had her hold her pussy lips open while I found her opening for my cock. I looked for her cherry which was the signpost for penetration in almost every story that I had read on SoL. I couldn't find any signs of one, so I started pushing my cock past her pussy lips. I was sure that I was supposed to have found her hymen by now, but there was no sign of the membrane. Oh, well, some girls do lose their hymen from exercise or an accident, so maybe that was what had happened to Sally.

I just kept pushing, and suddenly my cock was gripped by dry skin. Fortunately, virtually every story about a girl's first time warns that this could happen, and I knew what to do. I backed out a little and wiggled around a bit before pushing back in. I moved in a little more than an inch, and my cock was seized again. Okay, I could go along with that, and it took two more tries to get in as far as I could go.

My pubic bone bumped against Sally's clit and she moaned almost as strongly as when she had cum a few minutes ago. Well, that obviously meant that I needed to go in this deep every time so that I could bump her clit for maximum effect. I was not worried about banging her cervix. I was just at six inches long, what boy has not measured his length when hard? I didn't know the limit, but I knew that any woman was supposed to be able to accept six inches, so I did not worry.

Sally moaned out, "Oh, Billy, that feels so good. There was no pain at any time. All I could feel was you filling me as you slid in. Thank you for being gentle. You did wonders to make my first time even more memorable. Now what are you going to do, my treasured lover?"

What was that she said? "Treasured lover?" Could she have been talking to me, her brother who was about two years younger. Well, I guess I know now what fucking can mean to a woman.

"My dear One, I am now going to fuck you like there is no tomorrow." I withdrew my cock until it was almost clear of her pussy and then I pushed it back in. This time, there was plenty of lube that was well distributed, and I had no trouble sliding back in where it felt so good. The feel of the rubbing of the wall of her vagina on my cock shaft was almost enough to make me forget about cumming. Now that I knew that I was slick enough so that I would not hurt either one of us, I sped up my stroke rate to the point where I was pumping as fast as I could.

To my surprise, that seemed to cut down on the feeling. I slowed down and the glorious feeling returned. From then, I maintained my stroke rate at that level, and Sally began to squeal, not just moan. Very soon, she came from the actions of my cock. This was her first time to orgasm from the action of a man's cock inside her vagina, and she was enjoying it to the maximum level.

I was not close to cumming, so I just kept stroking like I had been doing. Sally came back down from her peak and looked at me like I was God on Earth. That didn't last long before she began to rise to another climax. This was a repeat of the last one, and I began to be concerned that she could get sore from all of the rubbing, despite the presence of all that lubricant.

However, I could not even think of stopping the fuck as long as I had not cum. My brain was no longer controlling my actions. I was in a zone now where the only way to make me stop fucking my sister was to attack me with physical force. I didn't think of it at the time, but later I wondered if my ring would have acted to protect me.

This time, as Sally rose to another orgasm, I began to rise, too. Oh ... My ... God! What a feeling! This was nothing like those so-called cums when I was jacking off! My body seemed to explode with feeling as I shot jizz into my sister's vagina. I don't know how many times I shot a jet into Sally, but each time felt like the only time!

Sally came when I began shooting into her. This was her biggest cum, yet, and it only served to boost me even higher. Such an experience has to be felt to be believed, but I was sure that I would never reach such a level of feeling again in my life. Strangely, I was not disappointed by that thought, I was just glad to have felt it once in my life.

I was exhausted, and so was Sally. I did manage to roll off her before I collapsed and went to sleep. Thank God it was Sunday morning when nobody got up early. We usually ate a brunch about noon, and that was what saved us from discovery on this day. I woke up at about 9:30 AM and shook Sally awake. After a deep kiss, I sent her back to her own room with her shirt and panties in her hands. It was a great relief that Mom and Dad were still sleeping, or, at least, still in their room. Hell, they could have been fucking, too, but it was none of my business so I did not concern myself with more than a passing thought and a grin.

I went back to sleep and woke up for a second time at around 11:00 AM. I checked and found that Sally was still asleep, so I had time for a leisurely shower before I had to contend with her pounding on the door for me to hurry. I got dressed in my usual uniform for staying in the house, but then I remembered that Sally wanted me to go with her to the office of Planned Parenthood. I changed to something more presentable and went to wake up sleeping beauty. Sally was as grumpy as she usually was in the morning, but she changed her tune when I reminded her of the trip she wanted to make.

Sally dragged herself out of bed and finally made it down to the kitchen just as Mom showed up to fix brunch. I told Mom that I had already fixed my own breakfast, so she did not have to fix anything for me. That was appreciated, and I watched the news on TV while the rest of them ate.

After brunch, Sally announced that she and I were going to make an exploratory trip around town in HER new SUV, and Dad had better come across with the keys. She wanted plenty of practice before driving us all to school on Monday. Dad produced the keys and the first place we headed was to Planned Parenthood.
Chapter 3
Home | Top | aubie56's Page |   Feedback to author


 
Home | aubie56's Page « A Fantastic Ring Index « Previous
Chapter 3
Posted: April 27, 2012 - 10:46:04 am

Sally was only a little self-conscious as she started the engine and backed out of the driveway. She was meticulous as she drove, being sure not to get too close to other cars, either parked or moving. In fact, she was so careful that I was a little afraid for her. It may have been pure luck, but we got to the office of Planned Parenthood without having an accident, but Sally was sure that it was because of her exemplary driving. She may have been correct.

We were the only clients in the office at that time, so we were ushered into a conference room for counseling. A Mrs. Harris was the woman with all of the answers, and she proved that in only a few minutes. The first thing that she wanted to know was why was I there. Sally explained that I was her boyfriend, and we needed two things. Sally wanted a Morning-after pill and a month's supply of birth-control pills. The woman nodded as if she had heard this story a million times already, and she pulled two packages of pills from a cabinet drawer. There was no question of an inability to pay, and Sally paid cash for the pills on the spot.

Once that was settled, Mrs. Harris gave Sally and me a lecture on the proper use of both pills. She did point out that neither pill was 100% effective, but Sally was in a point of her cycle when the Morning-after pill was probably not needed. Nevertheless, it was a good idea to use it as a backup. None of us wanted any accidents.

Mrs. Harris said that they could continue to supply the Pill for birth-control, but she recommended that Sally contact her regular doctor to make sure that no complications developed or were hidden by the use of the Pill. Sally was reluctant to let Mom know that she was on the Pill, but Mrs. Harris convinced her that she should tell her mother for safety's sake. Mrs. Harris also warned Sally that abruptly stopping the Pill at the wrong time would almost insure pregnancy, since that was the original purpose of the Pill. Oops! That was something always to be kept in mind!

We spent about an hour talking to Mrs. Harris, and Sally was certain that she knew what she was supposed to do to get the expected effect from the two kinds of pill. Sally was assured that she could take the first pill today and be safe for sex by tonight. That brought a grin to Sally's face, and, okay, to mine, too.

We spent the rest of the afternoon riding around town so that Sally could get used to driving the SUV. We went by to pick up Ann and Hazel so that they could ride in Sally's new vehicle. They were thrilled by the offer to give them rides to school every day, and they acted like they loved the idea of me riding with them. I certainly did not find anything wrong with the possibilities, either. I had a few more months before my 16th birthday, and I hoped to have my own car then, but riding with the three girls to and from school was sure to be among the high points of my day up until that time.

When we reached home that afternoon, Sally was exhausted from all of the mental and physical effort that she had put into her driving. She went to take a nap, and it was left to me to give Mom and Dad a report on our excursion. I had nothing but praise for Sally's driving, and I was known for not lying or even for stretching the truth, so Sally was given a free hand to drive all of us to school. I have sometimes wondered if Sally's nap that afternoon was really a ploy to force me to answer our parents questions about her driving. If it was, it worked.

Sally now became the official chauffeur and errand runner for the family, and she reveled in the opportunity to drive as much as possible. In a way, this was harder on me as it made even more obvious my status as a non-driver. Oh, well, there were only a few more months until I was old enough to drive.

Wow! I think that I had fallen into a cesspool and come out smelling like a rose. Almost every night, Sally visited my bedroom for some R&R (Rutting and Relaxation in this case). We tried every position that either one of us had ever heard of and even convinced ourselves that we had invented some new ones. Furthermore, Sally improved her skill at giving blowjobs, and I advanced in my training for the cunnilingus gold medal. Honestly, I don't know how we kept our meetings secret from Mom and Dad, but we did. We were able to keep each other sexually satisfied up until the time that Sally went away to college. Both of us acted as if we were normal teenagers and had several boyfriends and girlfriends, never letting anyone catch on to the sexual life that Sally and I were leading.

Meanwhile, my lunch time rendezvous with Julie had progressed to the point where we considered ourselves at the boyfriend/girlfriend level. We usually attended a movie on Saturday night and went out parking after I finally got my own car. Our parking never went any farther than a few strong make-out sessions. My sexual needs were satisfied at home, and I don't know what Julie did, but she learned to give passable blowjobs and I continued to improve my cunnilingus techniques.

Eventually, school was out for the summer and Julie and I parted company. She went to California to visit relatives for the summer and fell into another relationship there. I didn't mind because I was ready to look at other possible girlfriends by then. My reputation had been built during the summer among the girls by several interesting events.

I had never been much of a jock, but I caught the swimming bug that summer. I spent most of the day nearly every day at the community swimming pool. I was there for two reasons: I loved to swim, and I loved to examine the female flesh exposed by the latest in swimsuit fashions. Somebody once told me the old Bob Hope joke that if swimsuits got any smaller, they would soon be nothing more than two postage stamps and a cork! I didn't understand the joke the first time I heard it, but I had a full grasp of its meaning by this summer.

Once a girl actually showed up at the pool while I was there, and she was wearing two pasties over her nipples and a thong that was so small that it was almost invisible. She was asked by the management not to show up dressed like that again because she was considered too much of an accident hazard among the male customers. One boy actually fell into the pool because he was looking at her and not where he was going. This would not have been a serious problem except that he was fully dressed and nearly drowned before he could be rescued amidst all of the laughter.

The first notable event of the summer occurred at the pool one day. Somehow, a child fell into the deep end of the pool, and I was the only one to notice him. He was fully dressed, so he sank to the bottom with the weight of his wet clothes. I dove in the moment I saw him fall and dragged him out before he consumed too much water. This made me an instant hero, and my picture was on TV and the front page of the Dothan Eagle. It was a very slow news day and I actually made it to CNN. As a result, a lot of girls flocked around me at the pool for the next month, but nothing more came of that.

My second notable achievement of the summer came when I was jogging through the park. It was late in the afternoon, and I was headed home from my little run when I heard a scream come from the bushes to my left. It sounded like the voice of a young girl, so I naturally turned in to see if the girl needed any help. Well, she sure did need help.

Six boys were standing around a girl of about 14. By the time I got there, her clothes were shredded rags at her side, and the boys had all dropped their pants in apparent preparation for a rape party. Four of the boys were from the high school—I knew because I recognized them. The two other boys looked to be from the middle school, but I didn't know them.

I should have attacked at once, but I was young and naïve, so I shouted first, "What the Hell is going on here?"

One of the boys said to me, "Hi, Billy. Drop your pants and join us. We were about to have a little party. This here bitch is a cock tease, and we were about to teach her a lesson in manners."

I didn't know how a 14 year old girl could be classified as a cock tease, but I did not like rape in any of its forms. So I said, "Jack, you know that you can't do this. Now break it up and go home. I'll see about getting the girl home after you guys leave."

Jack said, "Either you are with us or you are against us, and you have six to one odds against you. How do you think that is going to work out?"

"I'm not sure, but I plan to find out if you don't all leave right now."

From the point of view of keeping my head on my shoulders, that was the wrong thing to say. Suddenly, the girl was no longer the center of attention for the six boys. They all pulled up their pants and formed a circle around me. Jack must have been feeling his oats because he shouted "Get the stupid bastard!" and charged at me.

I thought, Ring, I really need your help, now! When Jack got close enough, he tried to take a swing at me. As usual, I just let my body take over. I kicked him in the side of the knee of the solidly planted leg. Jack screamed as the leg was hyperextended in the wrong direction and he fell to the ground.

The two middle school boys each tried to grab an arm, but they were not strong enough to keep me from sweeping my arms together and banging their heads against each other. Their skulls didn't crack, but they both got a concussion from the impact. They, too, wound up on the ground.

That left the three high schoolers. They looked like they didn't know exactly what to do, so they just rushed at me. The first one to reach me received two blows into the torso from my fists. The first shot broke several ribs and the second landed in the kid's solar plexus.

The other two boys were now close enough to hit me, but my ring must have learned a little from my previous encounters. I felt the blows land, but they did not even jar me out of position. The first boy I could reach received a chop with the edge of my hand to his elbow. It was an effective blow because I could hear bones break as my hand made contact.

The last boy had had enough of a demonstration of what I could do, and he turned to run. I grabbed him by the nape of the neck as he tried to turn away and slammed my fist into his ribs, breaking several.

All six boys were now lying on the ground and unable to run away or attack me, so I turned my attention to the girl. She had been frozen in place during the attack on me, but she now broke loose from her shock and ran to me for what I suppose was additional protection. I tried to comfort her as best I could. All of her clothes were destroyed, so I pulled the shirt from the largest boy and gave it to the girl to wear for some semblance of modest covering. I was pretty sure that the cops would want her clothes as evidence, anyway, so she needed something else to wear.

I always carried my cellphone, so I called 911 for medical assistance and for the cops to investigate an assault and attempted rape. I didn't get much interest from the dispatcher until I told her that the victim was a 13 year old girl. I figured that it couldn't hurt to fudge her age a little bit. Actually, I did not know her age, so one guess was as good as another. I had a GPS gizmo on my phone, so I gave the coordinates from that to help the medics and the cops to find us more easily.

We had about a 15 minute wait before the first EMTs (Emergency Medical Technicians) arrived and the cops were there in no more than five additional minutes. That's when the real excitement started. The girl turned out to be the daughter of the Fire Commissioner, and that made her a VIP (Very Important Person) in her own right. Yes, she was 13, and yes, she did have the habit of dressing above her age. Actually, I figured that was the excuse for the near rape, but not the real reason. I was sure that the boys were just bored, and Janice just happened to be handy.

Anyway, some media people showed up and I was on TV and the front page of the Eagle again. Because Janice was politically connected, I probably got more news coverage than would have normally been extended. The girl helped things along by giving a lurid report of the fight. According to her, I fought all six boys at the same time. Well, that might actually be true. Time seemed to have no meaning when I was in battle, and what took place in a few seconds might have seemed like minutes to me, thanks to the ring. It was not important, but it was an interesting side issue to think about.

The cops kept me so long that I was late getting home for supper. Dad actually saw me on TV before I got home. He met me at the door with a big hug and the statement that he was very proud of me. For a moment, I wondered what he was talking about, then I heard the TV doing a reprise of their report on the rescue. As usual, the TV report was a lot more exciting than the truth, but I was tired enough not to care.

That night, all I could manage with Sally was a little 69, but Sally settled for that. She had begun to act as if anything I wanted was okay with her. I wondered what I could be doing that was making her so agreeable. Unlike most siblings where there was an older sister, Sally and I had always got along well. However, lately, she seemed to be looking for ways that she could please me.

For example, on this night, Sally brought up a topic that surprised me. Just before I fell asleep and she returned to her own bed, Sally asked, "When are you going to get back with Ann. She talks about you incessantly and how she wants to give you another blow job. In fact, I think that she really wants to fuck you, and all that she is waiting for is an invitation. Why don't you ride to school with us tomorrow and bring up the subject. I know that Ann would be thrilled. Hazel is not as vocal about it, but I think that she, too, would like for you to fuck her. Ask her, too, tomorrow and let's see what happens. Hazel's parents still don't get home until late in the afternoon, so we could use her house. You know, don't you, that both Ann and Hazel are now on the Pill, so you don't need to worry about making them pregnant."

"Okay, Sally, if you say so, but why are you pushing me away and toward the other girls? Are you tired of me? If so, just say so, and I will leave you alone."

"Oh, no, Billy. I still want to be your main squeeze, but I figured that you would like to move around among other girls. I have heard it said that everyone fucks a little differently, and you might like some variety in you sex life."

Now, what the Hell could I say to that. My sister, whom I love both as a person and as a fuck partner was offering to pimp for me. Well, maybe "pimp" was too strong a word, but I was startled that she would bring this matter up. "Sally, you really would not mind if I also had Hazel and Ann as sex partners. Truthfully, I would never have thought that to be possible. What brought this on?"

"I'm not real sure what gave me the idea. I was just trying to do something for you that you might not have thought of doing yourself. If you don't like the idea, just say so, and I will forget the whole thing. Nevertheless, I really do think that more than one sex partner would be good for you."

Shit, as I have said before many times: I may be crazy, but I ain't stupid! If my sister wants me to fuck other women besides herself, then I would be a fool to refuse. At least, I can give the other two girls a try and see what develops from that.

"Sure, Sally. I would be happy to go along with your suggestion about fucking your friends. I just don't want it to cause us to break up."

The next day, for the first time in almost two months, I rode to school with the three girls in Sally's SUV. Ann and Hazel seemed to be so glad to see me that we were close to having a party break out. At Sally's prompting, I did ask the other two girls if they were still interested in me and sex. They both nearly raped me at that point. Fortunately for me, we got to my school before the expressions of joy went too far.

I did manage to escape their clutches, but a couple of girls I knew commented on the shades of lipstick that I was wearing. Well, I managed to get the lipstick smears cleaned off before classes started, so I was saved that embarrassment. The morning went by pretty much as it usually did, but I got a surprise when I reached the lunch room.

My usual table was full, except for one place, and I was called to it by seven insistent female voices. I don't know where the boys I often sat with had been sent to, but this was a very forceful group of girls that had captured me. Once I sat down, a strange silence settled over the seven girls. It was a if each one had something important to say, but none wanted to be the first one to voice her thought. Finally, I said, "Okay, girls, what is this all about? You all obviously have something on your collective mind, and I want to know what it is. Sue, you are the closest one to me on my right, so you go first. Please tell me what is going on!"

Sue blushed and some of the other girls tittered, but Sue screwed up her courage and said, "Billy, we saw how you stuck with Julie last year, but we also see that you now don't have a girlfriend. We all got together and decided that you should pick one of us to be your girlfriend. We have all agreed that we are 9th graders and practically adults, so we have agreed that we would go all the way with you if that is what you want. All you have to do is to pick one of us. Whoever you pick will stick with you for as long as you want her. If you tire of her, she will drop out, and you can pick another girlfriend. What do you think of that?"

"Girls, I am astounded that you would all agree to such a deal. This gives me what amounts to total control of your social life; why, if practically makes you my slaves. In fact, it makes you my sex slaves if I order it. How can you agree to something like that?"

Sue answered, "We are all on the Pill. That was one of the requirements for joining our group. That means that we can fuck safely if we want to, and all of us want to fuck you if you agree."

Dammit, what was I going to do? I could not turn down the offer these girls have made without making myself a social outcast. The word would immediately get around that I had turned them down, and that would ruin our entire social standing—the girls' more than mine. I had to come up with something real quick to stall off making myself look like an asshole, then I had an inspiration.

"Okay, Girls, let's do this. I'll take your offer, but with a minor change. I'll eat lunch with one of you for a week and go out on a Saturday night date with that girl until I have made the rounds of all of you here. That's seven weeks for me to make up my mind, and I promise to be ready to settle on one of you by the end of that time. Is that fair and reasonable to you?"

There was a chorus of agreement to my proposal, but they wanted to know how I was going to select the order of our dates. "That's easy, girls. I'll start with Sue and go around the table in the order you are in now. That seems to me to be a fair way to set the order. Are there any objections?"

Janet, the girl to my immediate left was not too happy, but even she agreed that I had been fair with them. We finished lunch and left when the bell sounded announcing the next class period. I left the lunch room floating on clouds because so many girls were chasing me, but a dose of reality settled in when I realized that I now had the potential of 10 girlfriends, counting my sister. What was I going to do with that many women; more specifically, what was I going to do with that many pussies?

Dammit, I was only 16, but a 16 year old boy could not admit in public that he did not have the where-with-all to handle that much sex. It sure looked like I was going to have to discuss this with my mentor in matters of females and sex—my sister. I know, I know, most teen boys would have done anything to be in my shoes, but they did not know what they were getting into. Hell, I didn't know what I was getting into! I sure hoped that Sally had some answers.

The ride away from school was an adventure for me. I was actually beating off the attacks of two girls while the third one drove as fast as she dared to Hazel's house. When we got there, Hazel and Ann were already shedding clothes as we approached the front door. Once inside, chaos reigned!

Hazel led us to her bedroom; she did not want her mother to walk in on us again. Hazel was 18 and technically an adult, but she was still strongly influenced by her mother's ire when something was displeasing. Hopefully, by being in Hazel's bedroom, we could get extra warning if her mother came home early.

By the time we reached the bedroom, the three females were quite naked, and I had given up the fight, so I was soon in the same condition of undress. Ann and Hazel had previously worked out their order of battle. Ann grabbed my arm and pulled me onto the bed. She rolled onto her back and demanded that I proceed to fuck her with no further delay. Ann claimed that she had been dripping from her pussy all day, and we all could see the wet spot on her skirt when Hazel held it up. I begged off until I could get fully hard. I was already erect; what boy would not be when he was the object of desire of three beautiful naked women. However, I was sure that I could get bigger and harder with a little TLC (Tender Loving Care) from Ann. I wanted a blowjob from her to insure my maximum size in my currently most important member.

That got Ann's immediate attention! She, too, wanted me to be at my maximum size, so she rolled around to encase my cock in her very talented mouth. Both of us, when we thought about it, wanted her to get me off as quickly as possible so I would have some staying power when it came to fucking time. Ann curled her tongue around the lower side of my helmet and began to work her magic. In only a very few minutes, I was squirting jizz into Ann's mouth and she was swallowing as fast as she could move.

As a testimony to Ann's talent, my cock did not shrink completely, and she was able to work it up to full size in just a few moments of work with her tongue and lips. Now, I was ready to fuck her, and Ann was just as ready. She lay back and opened her legs to me in that undeniable invitation. I moved between her thighs and rubbed my cock on her pussy slit to pick up as much lube as I could.

When I was satisfied that I could not get my cock any wetter, I backed away a little bit and let Ann part her lips and direct my cock into her wonderful hole. Ann was a very experienced fucker, so she was wet and loose enough for me to slide all the way in without any encounters with dry spots. I bumped her clit, and she actually purred at the contact. By now, I knew what that meant, so I began stroking right away.

Ann had a well stretched cunt, but she knew just how much to squeeze my cock to make it feel perfect. The feeling of rubbing against her pebbly and ribbed cunt wall was enough to put me into seventh heaven with only a couple of full strokes. Meanwhile, Ann was still purring and moving her hips in rhythm with my strokes. The result was as near heaven as I hope to attain in this lifetime.

As I intended with my preliminary ejaculation, I was able to hold out against the stimulation Ann was applying to my cock. I was not going to ask, but I did wonder how long it had been since Ann's last fuck. I thought of that because she was soon climbing to her first peak. She reached a climax very early on, and I slowed down my stroke rate to let her come back to Earth. Once she had returned to near her rest level, I sped up my stroke rate to bring her to another orgasm.

This second orgasm did not happen as relatively quickly as had the first one, but Ann did not seem to notice. I could tell because I felt myself climbing to my own orgasm, and I was trying to hold back. I didn't want to cum too soon and spoil Ann's second cum. I tried everything that I could think of to hurry Ann's climb up that mountain of pleasure, but I seemed to be out of luck. Finally, I could hold back no longer and released my jizz into her cunt with an explosive jet and a resounding grunt as my orgasm began.

Something happened and I triggered Ann's second orgasm, possibly with the feel of my semen squirting into her under what seemed to be very high pressure. Whatever caused her to orgasm at that moment, it was spectacular for both of us. Ann began to make all kinds of spasmodic jerks of her body as I continued to shoot streams of jizz. That was it! I was done for the moment, and Ann seemed to be in the same condition. I collapsed beside her, and we both went to sleep so fast that it had to be seen to be believed.
Chapter 4
Home | Top | aubie56's Page |   Feedback to author


 
Home | aubie56's Page « A Fantastic Ring Index « Previous
Chapter 4
Posted: May 01, 2012 - 12:26:10 pm

I woke up only a few minutes later ready for another round, this time with Hazel. When I started to move, Hazel unceremoniously pushed Ann out of the way and climbed into the bed right on the wet spot that Ann and I had left on the sheet. Hazel attacked me with kisses until I had to stop her so that I could catch my breath.

Now that she was sure that I was awake, Hazel attacked my somewhat limp cock with her mouth. I could easily tell that Hazel had been practicing her technique because she soon had me hard and standing erect. I warned her not to take me all the way to ejaculation because I was afraid that I might be running low on semen. Hazel jumped back at that bit of information and plopped back onto her back and opened her legs. There was so much liquid accumulated on her pussy lips that I could tell that she did not need any foreplay.

I mounted Hazel in the missionary position and had her spread her lips and align my cock with her hole. She was in such a hurry that she actually pulled on my cock to get me to penetrate her more quickly. Again, as with Ann, I slid all the way into Hazel's passage with no resistance. I assumed that she, too, had been practicing her fucking technique, but not as vigorously as had Ann, because Hazel was not as loose as Ann had been when I first penetrated her.

In any case, I was able to slide in comfortably all the way until I bumped her clit with my pubic bone. Hazel gave a little chirp at this as though she had been caught by surprise. If that was the first time her clit had been bumped that way, she had certainly been working with clods who probably were beyond help. Oh, well, I would worry about that later when I was not so busy.

All of my practice with fucking my sister Sally had made me able to notice some of the finer points of fucking. From this experience and the immediately previous experience with Ann, I could tell that Hazel did not have the familiarity with fucking that Sally and Ann had. Perhaps I could do something to help her with that shortcoming. However, again, that was something for later consideration. Right now, I wanted to give Hazel the ride of her life and to show her who was the best fucker in town.

I was doing the best I could for Hazel, but something was just not quite right. All I could think of was to change positions. I didn't think that much of a change was necessary, but Hazel definitely needed some help. The easiest change to make was to put Hazel's ankles on my shoulders. That would change my angle of penetration and might make it easier for me to hit Hazel's G-spot. It took only a moment to make that change, and Hazel noticed the improvement from the first stroke in this new position.

Hazel moaned as I stroked and exactly in synchrony with the motions of my cock. Now, she was able to feel exactly what she was supposed to feel, and I could tell that she was definitely warming up to our little exercise. I could feel my cock slide across the bumps and ridges of her G-spot, and the feeling was better for me, too. I continued to pump and Hazel continued to moan, but now her moans were no longer synchronized with my strokes. They seemed to be marching to a different drummer, and his rate was picking up rapidly.

Ah, Hazel was approaching her first orgasm of this fuck. I continued on my way and Hazel began to scream, not too loud, but it was definitely a scream. She was also hyperventilating and screwing her face into the most awful grimaces. I would have been worried about her if I had not had so much experience with Sally. Sometimes Sally did the same thing and later commented on how much she had enjoyed that cum.

Hazel finally ran past that peak and came back to her normal level. I continued to stroke because I wanted to come in Hazel just as I had done in Ann, and I was still some distance away from that. Hazel continued to respond to my stroking in and out of her cunt, and she became more vocal, saying how much she was enjoying the experience.

Uh-oh, I was beginning to reach the end of my stamina, so I had to finish up as soon as possible. Also, it was getting late, and I wanted to finish before Hazel's mother got home. I had continued to stroke for about 10-12 more minutes, and Hazel was appreciating my effort, but I wondered if I was going to manage another orgasm of my own.

Toward the end of that time as I began to get tired, I felt Hazel begin to respond more strongly than she had in the last few minutes. That was the encouragement that I needed, and I did my best to fuck her even harder. At last, here came my rise to orgasm. I have no idea why it was, but Hazel began to climb to another orgasm along with me. We managed to cum almost simultaneously, and that was a feeling to relish.

I was done, and Hazel was the same way. Unfortunately, we did not have a lot of time to relax because of the immanent arrival of Mrs. Mason. Sally was in the best condition of any of us because she had not taken part in the vigorous exercise the rest of us had been through. She had masturbated during the fucking sessions and had cum several times, though not as hard as had the rest of us.

Anyway, Sally got dressed and helped the rest of us to get our clothes on in time to be out the door and driving away before Mrs. Mason drove up. I was sure that she would detect that something had gone on if she went into Hazel's bedroom or smelled her before she had time to shower, but there were no repercussions from our sex party that afternoon, so I guess that Mrs. Mason did not tumble to what had gone on. Actually, with the use of the Pill, I could not see that she had a legitimate complaint, but mothers sometimes live in another world from their children.

Ann was going to have to shower, too, as soon as she got home. We dropped her off and hurried home so that I could get a shower before our parents showed up. When I came out of the shower, Sally was sitting on my bed waiting for me. She was not planning to fuck me since she still had her clothes on, so I wondered why she was there.

"Billy, it was wonderful to watch you in action this afternoon. You were so masterful and looked like you knew just what you were doing. You brought your partners off as well as you do me, and I was proud of you. My only regret was that I did not get a chance to join in on the fun.

"My main concern is that you enjoyed the experience with the other two women. You looked like you did, but I want to be completely certain about that before I arrange any more such parties."

"Sally, the only improvement that I would make would be to extend the time so that you could join in. Honestly, I really did miss fucking you along with the other girls, but time and my depleted stamina caught up with us. I hope to make it up to you tonight."

That was enough to cause Sally to launch herself at me and give me one of her soul-devouring kisses that I enjoy so much.

That night, after an especially loving fucking session, I told Sally about the scheme the seven girls at school had cooked up. "Sally, I don't know what I am going to do with all of these girls chasing me. Can you tell me why they are doing it, and how I can get them to back off. I don't want to hurt their feelings, and I also don't want to do anything that would ruin their social status. That latter item seems to me to be very important to girls, and I don't want to be the one who messes them up."

"I don't know why they are acting that way, except to say that there is something about you that makes any woman who knows you want to do everything she can to make you happy. I think that these girls are in that same boat.

"Take me, for example. In a lot of ways, I have acted very odd with you. If I stand back away from myself and try to analyze what I did today, it just doesn't make sense. I have thrown two of my friends at your feet and practically demanded that you fuck them. Billy, I love you so much that it scares me sometimes, yet I was able to take pleasure this afternoon in watching you fuck other women. Can you explain that to me; I sure can't!

"Furthermore, until you tell me to stop, I will continue to make them sexually available to you. Neither one of those girls has any reason to want you to fuck them as compared to another man, except for gratitude over your actions months ago. Yet, they fall all over themselves to be sexually available to you whenever possible. I'd bet that I could call them tonight and tell them to show up here, naked, and prepared to fuck in the next half hour. Both of them would be beating on our front door as soon as they could run to our house in their bare feet. Now, no matter how you slice it, that is not normal, but that is the way it is.

"I don't know, maybe you have developed a set of pheromones that women can smell without realizing it, and that is what is drawing them to you as your near slaves. I suspect that the sex has something strongly to do with it, but I can't imagine what it is.

"In any case, you seem to have a strong influence on any woman you meet, and that has the potential to cause a lot of damage. Please be careful how you handle your power, or you could ruin a lot of lives. As another example, I'll bet that you could walk into the high school and tell the principal, a woman, to call a special meeting of all of the females in the school, from students to staff, in the auditorium. Not only would she do it, but she would be grateful for the opportunity to do what would make you happy.

"Once all of the females were there, you could get up on the stage and order everyone of them to stand up and strip off her clothes. You could look them over and choose one to fuck on stage, and she would gladly join you, whether or not she was protected by the Pill. Furthermore, all of the other females in the audience would applaud and cheer your every stroke.

"Now that I think about it, I'll bet that could happen even if there were men and boys mixed in with the women. The women would not care who saw them naked as long as it was you who asked them to strip. Darling, you have that kind of power, so I beg of you to be careful how you use it. I know that you are a person of high moral and ethical values, so I will not worry too much, but every once in a while, I will give in to doubt."

"Sally, if what you say is true, and I have no reason to doubt you, then I am scared to death by the potential of this power. I'll try to do my damnedest to follow your suggestions, but I want you to tell me if I start to slip. Nobody is perfect, least of all me."

"Okay, I know that you will do your best, and that is all that I can ask. I'll try to be your watchdog and hope that I don't slip. We'll just have to trust each other and do our best. Good night, my Darling, sleep good."

Sally left for her room with that last comment, and I fell asleep as only the physically exhausted can sleep. No dreams that night that I can remember, not even a comment from my ring.

I rode with the girls to school the next day. I needed to know if there were any regrets over what we had done the previous afternoon. Apparently, there were none, judging from the way Ann and Hazel acted upon seeing me in the car when they got in. I was attacked with hugs and kisses as each one saw me, and it was a good thing that the SUV had bench seats in the back. Otherwise, neither of the girls would have had a seat belt for the ride to school. They sat as close to me as it was possible to get without melding flesh to flesh. Now, that was a pleasant ride!

At noon, I ate lunch with Sue, and we had a pleasant conversation, except for one thing, and that was almost a deal breaker! Sue was a fan of the University of Alabama football team and I was an Auburn fan. It was amazing that we could talk to each other without bickering, but Sue made an effort, and so did I. It only took us a couple of minutes to realize that we could not talk about football and stay civil with each other. I'll never understand how any sane person could root for those clowns at U of A!

We made a date for Saturday night. I had my car, so there was no problem with transportation. We had a snack at the local teen hangout before going to a suitable parking place. At Sue's urging, we were soon both virtually naked in the back seat and enjoying a 69. Sue's technique was nowhere as advanced as Ann's, but that most probably was due to age and experience, so I did not mark it against her.

We rested a little after we both came, and then Sue wanted to demonstrate her fucking abilities. I have no idea why, but Sue said that she preferred the doggie position. That was not one of my favorites, but I went along with her desires. By this time, she was gushing liquid from her pussy, and I was very happy that I had followed Sally's advice to carry a couple of old towels on the date.

Sue climbed on the seat on her hands and knees before lowering her shoulders to the seat. It was obvious that she had done this position more than once, so I was less reluctant to go ahead. It's my fear that a girl's neck could be injured when fucking this way in close confines, but Sue appeared to know what she was doing.

I rubbed my cock against her sopping wet pussy lips and inserted my cock with no difficulty. I guess gravity helped to pull Sue's cunt open because there were no hangups as I slid in. One of the things that I did not like about this position was that I could not bang on my partner's clit as the end of my stroke—I kind of missed that. Nevertheless, there was no doubt when I was in all the way because of the sigh of contentment from Sue when my pubes bumped against her hind quarters.

I stroked as I usually did, finding the proper rhythm to give us both the maximum enjoyment from the fuck. I think that it was at about 20 strokes that Sue began to tighten the muscles to compress the wall of her cunt. I interpreted that as her starting to feel the rise to climax. I continued to stroke at my steady pace as she rose to her first climax. I say it that way because I expected my fuck partner to have at least two orgasms during a fuck and sometimes more, so that was what I was looking for with Sue.

Sure enough, Sue had her first orgasm, and it was a spectacular one. The way she bounced around was enough to make me think that she would fall off the seat if my prick had not been pinning her in place. I continued to stroke and Sue started another rise to a climax. She went through that one just as she had the previous one, but I was no closer to my release, so I continued to pump.

I don't want to give the impression that I was just following a routine like a robot without getting any stimulation of my own. I was certainly enjoying the feeling as my cock rubbed against her vagina, but I was having the problem I usually had with the doggie position: emotionally, I felt like I was just a machine stimulating a user, and not getting the feedback I normally got from watching my partner's face.

Well, Sue cycled through that second orgasm and began to climb toward a third one. Finally, I felt a little more like a human and less like a tool for my partner's enjoyment, and I began to rise to a climax of my own. I was just a little ahead of Sue in getting to my release point, so I shot my first jet into her cunt while she was still a little short of her own release point. However, she must have felt the jet of semen and the jerking of my cock when I came. Sue suddenly burst into her third climax and screamed as if she had been impaled on a stake.

I found that surprisingly stimulating, and I shot the rest of my load into her at even higher pressure than I normally would. She seemed to react to this by having an even stronger climax, and that pulled more reaction from me. The result was that I had a much more satisfactory climax than I had expected when the fucking first started. Yes, it was definitely worth the effort!

At this point, I was done, and so was Sue. I withdrew my limp cock and Sue seemed to melt and run onto the floor. I sagged back against the seat, and we both took around 15 minutes to recover enough to talk, much less to do anything else. Fortunately, the towels had caught our spill, so there was no mad race to clean up right away.

We spent about half an hour catching our breath and wiping ourselves off before getting dressed. Once we were dressed and back in the front seat, we exchanged a quick kiss, and I drove Sue home. I walked her to the door and had another kiss before she went inside. As I later reported to Sally, we had obviously had no more than a physical release, and there was no sign of passion on either side. It definitely was a fucking, not a loving date!

Sally commented that she was not surprised. She expected that most of my dates with the seven girls would be like that, though one of them might strike a spark with me and vice versa. Sally warned me not to expect too much from these dates and just to take what enjoyment I could from them. I did point out to her that I already had all of the fucking that I really needed at home, so that was not the big deal that it might otherwise have been. Even Ann and Hazel were not essential, though they did add some spice to my sex life.

By the end of lunch on Monday, it was obvious both to Sue and me that her ardor had cooled, and it was time to move on to another girl. I left it up to Sue to relay the word to Helen, the next girl in line, that I was ready to eat lunch with her on Tuesday.

On the way home that Monday, Hazel asked me, "Billy, just how often can I expect you to fuck me? If I can depend on at least once a week, I will dump the boys that I have been giving it to and switch exclusively to you."

That was something that I did not expect to hear, and it forced me to think of just where I wanted our relationship to go. "Hazel, honey, I would fuck you every day if I could manage it, but we both know that is impossible. On the other hand, it looks to me like a once a week thing would be fine, if Sally will go along."

Before I could say anything else, Ann interrupted with, "Oh, Billy, can I get the same deal?"

"I guess so. It seems like we could make that work if Hazel would let us use her bedroom. Sally, what do you think?"

"That sounds okay to me, Honey. Hazel, are you agreeable?"

"Oh, yes, I can arrange that. I get almost as much fun from watching Billy fuck you two as I do from him fucking me. Let's do that."

I said, "Okay, but I would like to spread things out a little. Let's schedule Hazel on Tuesday and Ann on Thursday. That way, we don't have to be in such a rush to get through before Mrs. Mason gets home. Do all of you agree with that?"

I heard three yes votes before I could hang the question mark on the end of that sentence. Then Sally chipped in with, "How about doing me on Wednesday?" That suggestion carried by acclimation, so the middle of my week was filled with fucking. What more could a teenaged boy ask for? That also meant that I had a date with Hazel on Tuesday, tomorrow. My only worry was that I did not wear myself out or off from the friction!

The next day at lunch was marked by my first day scheduled with Helen. That was sort of a relief because Helen did not care one whit about football. That made her a rare person, male or female, in Alabama, but it was something of a relief. It turned out that we had no subjects barred from conversation because of being on different sides.

Helen turned out to be a very nice person who had gotten roped into the group because of the influence of her friend Molly. However, by the end of that first lunch period, Helen was a true believer in the project to find me a girlfriend. She began to actively campaign for the spot. Of course, that made the conversations even more interesting.

That afternoon, I was all primed to have a great fucking session with Hazel. Apparently, from the way she attacked me as soon as I entered the SUV, Hazel felt the same way. Ann did hold back after her initial affectionate greeting because it was Hazel's day.

When we got to Hazel's house, it was a partial repeat of the previous visits. All three women stripped, as did I, though only Hazel was scheduled for fucking. This time, I was determined to treat Hazel with proper respect and not scrimp on the foreplay. Hazel didn't need any to be physically ready to fuck, but I thought that she deserved some build up now that we had time for it.

Therefore, she was flabbergasted when she lay on her back and spread her legs for me. Instead of poking her immediately with my cock, I kissed, sucked, and nibbled on her nipples. Of course, she was already turned on by thinking of her day of fucking for this long, so she reacted very enthusiastically from my attentions. I did not work long before she was bouncing her hips and rolling her head back and forth. I did not expect this to happen, and neither did Hazel, but she was having an orgasm just from me paying attention to her nipples.

I kept up my work on her nipples until she pushed me away. "ENOUGH, ENOUGH! Oh, Billy, I can't stand it any longer. The sensations are too strong. I did not know that it was possible to cum from play with my nipples. My God, you are such a good and powerful lover! Please, let me rest a minute, and then I want you to fuck me."

I obliged her, and backed off for a few minutes. However, I did not wait very long before I put her ankles on my shoulders and wet my cock in her pussy juice. I got a full coating and aimed my cock head for her pussy hole. Hazel had been fucked by me and other boys enough by now that I had no trouble sliding my cock in to the base in one stroke. Hazel made her favorite sound when my pubic bone struck her clit, and I knew that we were both in for a good ride.

I am sure that it was partly due to the fact that we did not have to hurry, but, whatever the reason, I brought Hazel to four orgasms that day, and I came just after her fourth one. Man, that felt good, and now I knew the advantage of not having to rush things. I bent down and kissed each of Hazel's nipples before I pulled my limp cock from her cunt. She grinned at me, and I knew that we were both very happy with this afternoon's exercise.

Just as I was pulling out, the door was opened and a female voice shouted, "WHAT IS GOING ON HERE?"
Chapter 5
Home | Top | aubie56's Page |   Feedback to author


 
Home | aubie56's Page « A Fantastic Ring Index « Previous
Chapter 5
Posted: May 04, 2012 - 10:58:05 am

The sound of that shouted "WHAT IS GOING ON HERE?" was like the toll of a bell announcing the end of the world. It was obvious that I had just finished fucking Hazel, and Sally and Ann were still locked in a very passionate 69, so there was no doubt what was going on.

Mrs. Mason then startled us all by asking, "Is there room for one more?"

Hazel was the first of our group to speak, "Oh, Mama, you scared the Hell out of all of us! What are you doing home so early?"

"You know my period ended a couple of days ago, but I was not feeling good, so my boss told me to take the rest of the afternoon off. I came home to find my daughter and her friends engaged in a sex orgy the likes of which I have not seen since I left high school.

"And who is this delightful looking young man who was having his way with my daughter? From her looks, he must be a real expert at the art. Young man, are you available for older clients?"

"Mama, what do you mean? Oh, this is Billy Watkins, Sally's brother. Yes, he is the best fuck you could hope to meet. There is still time for you to try him out if you want to. But I wonder why you would cheat on Daddy?"

"Hazel, your father has been cheating on me for years. I have not done anything about it because I wanted you to finish high school first. I have not cheated on him, yet, but Mr. Watkins looks like the first time staring me in the face. What do you say, Billy? Will you fuck an old woman?"

"Mrs. Mason, I would be happy to fuck you, if that is what you want and my friends agree to it." I looked around and got three nods of agreement, so I looked expectantly at Mrs. Mason.

"Okay, Billy, I do want to feel your cock inside my pussy. But please call me Sarah while we are fucking. Mrs. Mason makes me sound old enough to be your mother! Do you want to fuck here, or in my bed?"

"Well, it seems to me, since this is payback time for your cheating husband, that we ought to use your bed." Sarah grinned, and waved me on to her bedroom. The master bedroom was larger than Hazel's, so there was plenty of room there for all of us to enter and get comfortable.

"What, am I supposed to fuck in front of an audience?"

"Look at it this way: you are paying your husband back for years of cheating, so you should have witnesses."

Sarah laughed at my comment, and proceeded to take her clothes off. She asked if I wanted her to shower first, and I answered that it was up to her: a little sweat did not bother me.

With that, she plopped herself down on the bed and said, "Well, Sir, here I am. Do your will with me!" We all laughed at that, and I told her that I would be happy with the missionary position. Her pussy was covered with black hair, but her lips still showed through. The lips and the surrounding hair were covered with liquid, so I assumed that Sarah did not need any foreplay. She said that foreplay was not necessary; it had been so long since she had felt any of that that she was sure that she could get along without it.

I thought that the lack of foreplay was a greater slam at her husband than the cheating, but I didn't say anything. If I fucked Sarah again, I vowed to rectify the foreplay problem.

As for now, I climbed between her legs and had her open her thighs to the maximum. She was a relatively small woman, and I am relatively large, so I needed more than the usual amount of room. I was repelled somewhat by all of that hair that I was not used to seeing on her pussy, but I steeled myself and plowed ahead.

That much hair was hard for me to deal with, so I had Sarah help me by putting my cock into her pussy hole. I thought that she might appreciate that little extra revenge against her husband when she had a chance to think about it later on. I was lined up by a woman with some practice, so I had not trouble in sliding right in. She, too, was wet enough inside that I slid in all of the way and bumped her clit, as was my usual practice. Her answering moan was enough to tell me that I had done the right thing.

"Honey, how big is your cock? You have opened me up more than I can remember having happen before. Whatever it is, it sure does feel good!"

"I am a little over six inches long and about an inch and a half in diameter. I don't think that is overly large, but it might be a little more than is average. I really don't know."

"Well, I sure do like it, no matter what size it is. Now, please start fucking me before I die of frustration from waiting on you."

I laughed at that and began to stroke. Sarah quickly got into rhythm with me and we were on our way. The poor woman must have really been in need, because she started to rise to an orgasm very shortly after I began to stroke in earnest. She gripped just the right amount on my cock, and I could feel myself rubbing against her G-spot as I stroked back and forth.

Ah, there it is. Sarah had started to generate her first of what I hoped would be several climaxes before we finished. I figured that I had shot so much stuff into Hazel that I would not be in much of a hurry to dump another load. Sarah climbed faster to a climax than I had ever before experienced, and it was a very good one. Her hyperventilating and thrashing around told me that. She also held the orgasm for longer than the younger women did, why I don't know.

Sarah also came down rather quickly, but started another climb almost immediately. Before it was over, I think that Sarah had a total of seven climaxes before I came. I didn't mind for many reasons, and I certainly enjoyed each of her orgasms before I came to mine. My climax was remarkably good, considering how good the earlier one with Hazel had felt, so I was glad to have the second shot at fucking that day. On the other hand, I did wonder if I would have enough built back up to service Sally properly tonight.

When we were through, Sarah just lay there on her bed. She was breathing hard, but that seemed to be the only sign of what she had been through. My thought was that she had to be a really tough old bird! Suddenly, she reached up and grabbed me in a hug. She dragged me down for a kiss, the quality of which I have rarely encountered. She then said, "My God, Man! That was the best fuck I have ever had. When can I get another one like it. To Hell with my husband! I don't care if he finds out about us or not: you are too valuable to lose. Seriously, when can you fuck me again?"

"I don't know, Sarah. That depends on so many things. I have a number of commitments now, so I would have to arrange things around them in order to service you on a regular basis. Do you have some time that you are available when I am not in school?"

"Oh, dammit, I forgot about that. I work from 8:00 AM to 5:00 PM. My lunch hour is available, but that would probably not match yours. I know, my husband goes bowling on Tuesday nights. Could you come around here on Tuesday evenings? He leaves at 7:30 and doesn't normally get home until 10:30 or 11:00. Can you come here at that time?"

"I don't know. We could possibly give it a try next Tuesday, but I can't promise after that. I'll leave word with Hazel."

"Okay, that should work. I assume that you plan to keep fucking Hazel and the other girls. Now that I have had a fuck with you, I know that she will never give you up on my say so, and probably not her father's either. Tell me, is Hazel your sex slave? I know that I would readily become yours if that was what it took to keep having fucks of that quality."

"No, Hazel is not my sex slave."

"I am, too! I would do whatever Billy asked or ordered me to do, whether it had to do with sex or something else!"

"Well, I guess that my daughter has definitively stated her position. I do wonder though, how long it will last."

"One thing you do not have to worry about: I would never ask Hazel to do anything immoral or illegal, though I guess that fucking me could fit technically into both categories. I am currently only 16, and legally a minor, but I won't say anything if you don't."

"That's a comfort because I'm 37, and I could go to jail for fucking you."

The conversation stopped at that point because Sally prompted us that it was time to go home. Otherwise, our parents would be wondering where we were, and that was not a good idea if we wanted to keep our fuck dates.

Sarah suggested that I take a shower before going home. At the moment, I smelled like a whore house, and my mother was sure to notice. That was an excellent idea, and I showered before getting dressed. We dropped off Ann at her home and got to our home in plenty of time for supper. I was especially happy to make it because Mrs. Archer had done an outstanding job with her Beef Stroganoff.

Mother had looked at me kind of funny when I walked in the door, but I wrote it off as me feeling a bit naughty for my afternoon's activities.

The next day, I had another pleasant meeting with Helen at lunch. I don't remember what we talked about, but I think it was about some Science Fiction novel that she was reading. I probably would have enjoyed reading it if I could have found the time.

After school, this was Sally's day in the barrel. We arrived at Hazel's house with our spirits as high as usual. Uh-oh, I could tell that something was wrong the moment we entered the home. There was a strange smell that I could not place, but I had a strong feeling of foreboding about it. I asked the girls to remain in the living room ready to call 911 for help while I looked around.

I had hardly gotten to the stairs leading up when I saw the first visible sign of trouble. There was a spot on the second step that looked like dried blood. Shit, maybe blood was what I smelled. My ring was warming up. That had to be a warning of some kind. I slowly made my way upstairs and found more dried blood spots marking a path to the master bedroom. I was not yet ready to panic because the blood spots could simply be the result of a kitchen accident and had not yet been cleaned up.

My whole outlook changed when I got close to the door to the bedroom. I could hear through the door the noise of a person groaning in pain, and I was ready to bet who that person was. I ran back to the top of the stairs and shouted, "HAZEL, CALL 911 FOR MEDICAL ASSISTANCE AND THE COPS! I THINK THAT SOMEONE HAS TRIED TO MURDER YOUR MOTHER!"

I didn't worry about being heard in the bedroom. My main interest was in making sure that Hazel heard my order. Hazel shouted back her understanding, and I heard her cellphone beeping as I ran back to the closed bedroom door. I threw the door open and saw a man standing beside the bed and holding a hunting knife. The man, the knife, his clothes, and the room were covered with blood splotches, both old and fresh.

I did not recognize the man, but I did recognize the woman lying on the bed. It was Sarah Mason! She was naked, or nearly so, and also covered with blood. She was hacked and stabbed and slashed with knife wounds. I doubted that she could live much longer, but I could hope. She needed to last until the EMTs and the cops got here.

Meanwhile, I turned to the man with the knife and ordered, "Drop the knife or I will be forced to take it from you. I expect that you will be badly hurt during the struggle, so you can make it easier on yourself by dropping the knife right now."

The man looked at me and said, "Are you the bastard who has been fucking my wife and daughter? If you are, I am going to be very happy to cut your balls off, and that is just where I will start."

Well, now I knew: this had to be Mr. Mason. I didn't know how he found out about the sex, but he seemed to know what had been going on. He said, "I saw it on the surveillance camera that I had installed without my wife's knowledge. I heard her say that you had also fucked Hazel. I was saving her for my own use, and you ruined a perfect plan. I'm going to kill you very painfully for that."

He started toward me, and I relaxed as I had learned to do to let my body take over and run itself. Mason stabbed at my gut with the knife and was monumentally surprised when the knife could not penetrate my skin, though it did cut a slash in my shirt. He drew back for another try at me, and that was when my body took over.

Mason was right handed, so I grabbed his right forearm with my left hand and held it while I smashed down on his wrist with the edge of my right hand in a chopping motion. I would not be surprised if they heard the sound of the bones breaking down in the living room. Mason screamed in pain as he dropped the knife.

I kicked it under the bed where the knife would be out of the way while I proceeded to break most of the bones in Mason's body. Purposely, I did not kill him, but I did set out to cause him as much lasting pain as possible. I don't know how many bones were broken, but Mason was reduced to a mass of broken bones and bruised flesh lying at my feet.

Once I had dealt with Mason, I rushed to do what I could for Sarah. Unfortunately, I was too late to do her any good. She died in my arms. I couldn't help crying as I held her; there certainly was nothing else that I could do.

A few minutes later, two EMTs rushed into the room. They saw immediately that Sarah was beyond help, but they did what they could for Mason. One of them said, "Man, this guy was really worked over. How did it happen?"

"He tried to kill me with a knife. The same one that he had used on that woman on the bed. I merely defended myself."

"You sure did. This guy is literally a basket-case. He's not going to die from what you did, but I'm pretty sure that he wishes that he would. We're going to have trouble transferring him to a gurney with all of his broken bones. What kind of weapon did you use?"

"I just used my hands. I know a lot of stuff about what the Japanese call 'empty hand' fighting."

"Man, it sure looks like you do know your stuff. If I was ever in a fight, I would hope that you were on my side!"

That was the end of the conversation as the EMTs worked to keep Mason alive while they transported him to the hospital ER. It made no difference to me whether or not he made it, except that it would shorten the time he had to suffer. There was just no excuse for acting the way he did. Furthermore, I was a bit upset about what he had said regarding saving Hazel for himself. The man had to be crazy, but I hoped that he went to prison instead of the funny farm.

Two cops finally showed up as the EMTs were transporting Mason to the ER. One of them, a young guy, vomited when he saw Sarah on the bed. Fortunately, he managed to miss the evidence. I answered a lot of questions and showed them where I had kicked the knife. The cops called the morgue to collect Sarah's body, and I managed to get downstairs before they showed up for that.

By now, Hazel had to know what had happened to her mother, but I did what I could to comfort her. Hazel did thank me for what I had done to her father. She had begun to detest him for the way he had treated her mother and the way he was continually making suggestive remarks to her.

Hazel was over 18, so she was now an adult. Therefore, she did not have to worry about what Children's Services might have done with her. Sally and Ann gathered some of Hazel's clothes while I held her in my arms. Sally took it upon herself to invite Hazel to stay with us until she could make her own arrangements.

Finally, the cops released us and we went home. Ann had called her parents to explain why she would be running late, and it was already quite dark by the time we dropped her off at her home.

I explained to our parents and Mrs. Archer why we were so late for supper. I also told them about offering Hazel a place to stay until she could get her life straightened out. Mom and Dad were totally sympathetic, and told Hazel that she could stay as long as she liked. Certainly, she could stay with us until she graduated from high school if she wanted to. Hazel ran to Mom and Dad to hug them for being so helpful and understanding.

Our guest room was upstairs next to Sally's room, so the two could be close together without any trouble; there was even a connecting door. Hazel moved in that night, and Dad called the school to tell them why Hazel would not be coming to school for a few days.

By the way, Hazel refused to visit her father in the hospital.

Mom said to me, "Dear, I need to talk to you for a few minutes. Please join me in the family room."

We were just finishing installing Hazel in the guest room, and I wondered what Mom could possibly want with me. Oh, well, there was one sure way to find out. I went down to the family room where Mom was waiting for me. She said, "Dear, please have a seat and get comfortable because this might take a while."

Now she really had me going. As far as I could remember, this was the first time she had started a discussion with me this way. I knew that it had to be something important, but I could not figure out what it could possibly be.

"Dear, this is a hard conversation for me to hold for several reasons. One of them is that I have a lot of trouble thinking of you in any way except as my little boy whom I have to guide and protect. Well, the last few months have demonstrated that no longer to be true. You are still below the legal age of an adult, but you have demonstrated many of the characteristics of an adult, and I am very proud of you. The way you have protected several girls from harm, rescued some boys from drowning, and captured the murderer of Hazel's mother, have all shown your regard for other people. That I am happy about.

"However, I am concerned about another phase of your growing up; namely, your sex life, and that is what is hard for me to talk about. I know that you and Sally have been sleeping with each other for about a year, and I know that there is no way that I can stop that from continuing as long as you two want it. Actually, you and she have been so discrete and adult about the way you have tried not to upset your father or me, that we have decided not to oppose it as long as you continue to take precautions against pregnancy.

"Now, another factor has entered the equation, and that has got us worried. We assume that you have been having sexual affairs with other girls and women, and we want to be sure that you are acting as mature with them as you are with Sally. We are sure that you are taking the same precautions against pregnancy with them, but are you taking precautions about upsetting their emotions?

"Women put more into a sexual affair than most men do, and they can be seriously hurt if a man terminates what he considers to be a casual affair without considering how this will affect the woman. I just wanted to warn you to be very careful how you treat the women that you have sex with so that you will not hurt them very badly.

"This has come to a head because of Hazel moving in with us. I am pretty sure that you have been intimate with Hazel, and I cannot understand completely why this has not upset Sally. She seems to be taking the whole thing in stride, and I am delighted to see that. Now that Hazel is living here, I see no way for you to avoid sex with her as well as with Sally. How the three of you work this out is strictly up to you, but do be aware that your father and I are ready with any advice that you may ask for. We want to help you three to be happy, nothing else, but we do worry about all of you screwing up your emotions if you are not careful."

"Mom, I had no idea that you knew about Sally and me. And you are right about Hazel and me. I have also been sexually active with some other girls and women, but I think that we have handled the emotional part of our association well enough so that nobody will be hurt.

"Sally claims that she loves me and I love her much more than just in a brother-sister relationship. I don't know how we will handle it, but it may be a life long attachment. I hope that doesn't upset you, but that seems to be the way it is. My relationship with Hazel is not yet that strong, but it might grow to be. Ann Jones is another girl who has attached herself to me, and I am not sure how to handle it, but all of us are working on that one.

"Sally thinks that I emit pheromones or something else which causes women to want to make me happy. Please don't get upset if I say that this meeting makes me wonder if you are not also affected. I can't speak for Dad. I don't know if it is true or not, but Sally's theory sure fits the facts as we know them."

"Bradly thinks that we should remodel the bedrooms to convert your room into a guest room and blend the other two bedrooms into one room with its own extra large shower. We could manage an extra large bed to go along with the enlarged room so that several adults could fit comfortably on it. How does that sound to you?"

"Are you serious? That sounds like Heaven on Earth for me, Sally, and Hazel. I am amazed that you would offer this. How is that possible?"

"Bradly has arranged a deal with a company in Singapore to become his partner and to take over most of the international travel. The computer situation is now an international business, especially the protection of systems against hackers, that he wants to set it up as an international corporation that could deal with worldwide problems. Bradly would manage the North American operation and his partners would handle the rest of the world.

"His plan is to hire and train enough technicians so that his travel would be cut back to virtually nothing. The first step is to get this Singapore operation going, and, to do that, he plans to spend up to 18 months in Singapore teaching them his techniques and the use of the special software that he has written. I would go with him, and that would mean that Sally, as a legal adult, would take over management of this house and supervision of you. We all know who the real boss would be, but the legal niceties must be observed.

"The deal is for the Singapore people to pay Bradly $275 million to put them into the business. They have some sharp computer people in Singapore, so Bradly hopes to be gone only 12 months or less. However, he plans to stay as long as necessary to get the operation onto a smooth and even keel."

"Oh my God! $275 million! That's a fantastic amount of money. I can understand why Dad would want to go along with this. What will you do with all of that money?"

"I don't know, but I am sure that we can find some fun ways to spend it! That's all I have to say at the moment. If you have nothing else to say, you can go back to amusing your harem." Mom laughed at that, but I wonder just how amused she really was. I didn't say anything about the trip to Singapore to the women, but I did tell them about the proposed reworking of the bedrooms. They were both ecstatic! Sally was shocked, though, at how much Mom and Dad knew about our arrangement.

Sally said, "It looks to me like they consider us to be de facto married to each other. I guess they also consider you and Hazel as a pair. I wonder what they will think when we bring in Ann to round out the harem."

Hazel's comment was, "I am thrilled by being one of Billy's concubines, because that is what this amounts to. When do I get my first official fucking?"

I said, "That depends a lot on Sally. If she agrees, I will come to your bed tonight. After all, this was supposed to be your day with me. How do you feel about this, Sally?"

"It's okay with me, but I want to work on a better schedule for all of us, especially if Ann wants to join in. All three of us will have to discuss this new situation with Ann and get her input. We can start the conversation tomorrow at school since we don't need our Master's input to work out the girl-stuff.

"Billy, we will work out a tentative plan and present it to you. You can make whatever changes you want to, and we can go from there. Ann is going to be floored when she hears what has happened! I expect that she will want to move in with us. I wonder what her parents will have to say about that."

Hazel looked kind of smug as she thought of spending the whole night in bed with me. I sure hoped that I could live up to her expectations.
Chapter 6
Home | Top | aubie56's Page |   Feedback to author


 
Home | aubie56's Page « A Fantastic Ring Index « Previous
Chapter 6
Posted: May 08, 2012 - 12:34:49 pm

After supper, we did our homework in our rooms. Hazel must not have had much or else she rushed through it, because I still had plenty to do when she came to tell me that she was ready to go to bed. She was so excited that I didn't have the heart to put her off. I just closed my book, knowing that I was going to have an extra load of work to do tomorrow night.

I followed Hazel to her room and embraced her for our first kiss of the evening. The kiss was deep and extended, but Hazel broke away to knock on the connecting door to Sally's room. "Come on, Sally, we are ready to start!" was the command, and Sally was ready because the door was opened immediately to expose a naked girl ready join in on the fun.

Hazel jerked her clothes off in what must have been record time, and Sally undressed me almost as quickly. I speculated on the thought of wearing some break-away pants like the basketball players wear during warmup in order to save wear and tear on my regular clothes.

Hazel grabbed my hand and pulled me toward the bed which was already turned down and covered with towels in the important places. She announced, "I want some foreplay tonight, and I want it in the form of 69ing." Hazel plopped herself on the bed with her ass on the towel. That surprised me because I expected her to want to be on top during our 69 session, but I was ready to go along with almost anything she wanted to do.

That was when she shifted the pillows so that her shoulders were supported several inches higher than her head so that it draped back to the bed. I recognized what she had in mind, but I didn't know if either one of us could manage it. Hazel was going for "deep throat" action, and she was getting the back of her head in alignment to help that along.

I climbed over her and she pulled my erect cock into contact with her lips. I was tall enough to reach her pussy with my mouth in that position, so we were ready to give it a try. This was my first attempt at deep throat, and I was certain that Hazel had never tried it successfully, if at all. I will say that I was impressed at what she was willing to do for me, so I tried my best to cooperate with her.

She pulled me down and clasped my cock between her lips. She wrapped her arms around my thighs and gently scratched at my balls with her fingernails. Wow! What a sensation that was! I swear that I felt like I got an inch longer when she started that. Hazel sucked gently on my cock as she massaged me with her tongue. She was rubbing on the top side rather than the more sensitive under side of my cock head, but I discovered that the difference was miniscule under these circumstances.

I was not far behind in licking her pussy lips in the long strokes that she especially enjoyed. I thought her outer lips were already swollen with blood to their maximum capacity, but her lips seemed to get thicker as I licked them. Anyway, I licked for a while and then tried to force my tongue into her cunt hole as far as it would go. I moved my tongue in and out, just as if I were fucking Hazel with my tongue. I had to be doing something right because her liquid began to work its way from her pussy and to coat her slit.

Hazel seemed to have a minor orgasm from my tongue action, but I wanted to do more than that, so I switched to sucking on her clit. I maintained a vacuum while I bobbed my head up and down like her clit was fucking my lips. This time she had a real orgasm that shook her whole body.

Meanwhile, Hazel had been working my cock farther and farther toward the back of her mouth and into her throat. She started to gag every time my cock began to slip into her throat, but, when her second orgasm started, she used her arms to pull my hips down in a sudden jerk. This forced my cock into her throat as far as I could reach, and my pubic region bumped against her lips. In fact, I could feel something strike against some of her teeth. It didn't hurt, but I sure knew where my cock was at that moment!

Hazel swallowed as my cock entered her throat, and that sensation was beyond description. That was all it took to make me cum, and I sprayed the inside of her throat with several jets of my jizz. As soon as she released my hips, I pulled out because I could tell that Hazel was running short of air. Man, let me tell you, that deep throat felt like nothing I had ever before done with my cock, and I was already hoping for a repeat performance. Nevertheless, I pulled out of her mouth and rolled off of Hazel's body before I suffocated her. It was just as well that I did move, because my cock was now as limp as it ever got!

I helped Hazel move the pillows back to their normal position and lay down beside her. She was grinning at me and asked, "Well, Master, was that worth your effort?"

"It was like nothing that I had ever felt before in my life. Thank you very much! Now I understand all of the noise about deep throat. I cannot describe what it felt like, but it was certainly different from what fucking feels like. Your Master is certainly going to find a new appreciation for this concubine if she can repeat that little trick sometime in the near future."

Hazel seemed to glow with pleasure at my praise, so I figured that I was in for some more of that. I sure hoped so! "On top of that, scratching my balls with your fingernails was a real turn-on. How did you come up with that?"

"I don't know where the inspiration came from. Your balls were there, and my finger nails were there, so I just thought I would see what would happen. Did it make your cock longer? It sure felt like you grew about an inch as I scratched you."

"I'm not sure, but that was what it felt like to me, too. Maybe I did grow some when you scratched me. We can give it a try later when we fuck."

"Speaking of fucking, how much longer before we can do that. You don't look as limp as you were a few minutes ago. Do you think a gentle blowjob will help speed things up?"

"I don't know. Let's give it a try."

Hazel pulled me up so that I straddled her mouth and proceeded to work on my cock with her lips and tongue. It didn't take long for me to swell and lengthen. Hazel then withdrew long enough to measure me with her hand before taking me back in her mouth. She returned to blowing me while she gently scratched the underside of my balls with her finger nails. Yes, it felt like I did get longer, and, when she pushed me far enough away and measured with her hand, there was an increase in length over what it was before the scratching. I guess that proved it worked, at least on me.

That gave me a brainstorm: I asked Sally to scratch my balls after I penetrated Hazel to see if it made any difference during fucking. She agreed, so we got setup for the inaugural fucking of Hazel in her new home. We used the modified missionary position that seemed to work so well for her. I inserted my cock with her help and I held still when I reached maximum penetration. That was when Sally scratched my balls, and Hazel and I both agreed that I did seem to get a little larger as a result.

I proceeded to fuck Hazel pretty much as I had done it before. This time, Hazel had four orgasms before I came, and we both appreciated the effect of the slight enlargement of my cock. The orgasms for both of us were great, but we never had one we were disappointed with, so it was hard to make a comparison.

I was lying beside Hazel winding down from my exertions when I had another idea. I thought to my ring, If you can, please enlarge my erect penis until it is as large as my partner can enjoy when we fuck. Otherwise, I want it to remain at the size it has normally been. I hoped that it was an agreement when I felt the ring warm up a little bit.

Sally asked, "Master, do you think that you will be able to fuck me tonight, too. That was such a show that you and Hazel put on that I wonder if you have the strength for our usual nightly routine."

"I don't know how much more I have in me, Sally, but I am willing to try if you are willing to take the chance that I might poop out on you before either or both of us can cum."

"I'll take that chance, Master. Just having your cock inside my pussy for only a moment is worth the effort from my point of view. Come on, and we'll give it a try. I am wet enough that we don't need to waste any of your energy on foreplay, so we might be able to accomplish more than you expect."

Hazel rolled over out of the way, and Sally lay down on her back. I moved into position between her legs and she took over getting me aligned. I was at my usual dimensions, so I was not sure of what to expect. Hazel asked, "Master, do you want me to scratch your balls this time?"

"Not until I ask for it, please. I want to try an experiment. I may have discovered how to do it myself, and I want to find out." I pushed in as far as I could and held the position. Okay, ring, do your thing to increase the size of my hard cock.

There was a moment of delay, and then Sally squealed in surprise. I was somewhat startled, too, as my cock began to expand both in length and diameter. I was pushed up hard against Sally's pussy, so there was no way for me to get any deeper, yet I could feel my cock extend its length until I felt something different with the tip of my helmet. At the same time, my cock seemed to expand its diameter until I was a solid, but not too tight, fit inside Sally's vagina. Sally moaned, "Oh ... My ... God! What did you do, Master? That feels so good that I am afraid for you to move for fear that your cock will shrink. Please fuck me slowly so that I can relish this feeling. It's nothing like I have ever felt before!"

I slid my way back out of her cunt, and my emerging cock looked to me to be about eight inches long and nearly two inches in diameter. No wonder Sally felt stretched! She let out a moan of pure ecstasy as I slowly withdrew. I pulled out until my helmet seemed to grab with its flange on the ring of muscle surrounding her opening just past her pussy lips.

I pushed back in slowly, and Sally began to jerk around as I applied unexpected sensations to her G-spot. All the way in was as satisfying as it had been the first time, so I was sure that the first sensation was no fluke. It was difficult to maintain that slow stroke rate, so I sped up. Going so slow was so artificial that it was taking something away from the enjoyment of the fuck, so I couldn't help speeding up. When I sped up, that marvelous feeling that I was used to returned, but it was magnified as least three-fold. Now, this was the best feeling fuck I had ever had!

It was obvious that Sally was feeling the same way, and she began to bounce around in response to my stroking. Her moaning got stronger and louder, and I was sure that our parents would hear us at this sound level. Then I remembered that we no longer had to hide from them and relaxed that concern. More quickly than usual, Sally had her first orgasm. It was at least as strong as any other she'd had from me, and I was looking forward to what I could expect from my own orgasm. Sally had two more orgasms before I came, and this time, I was knocked out for a while.

I woke up about 10 minutes later, but Sally was still asleep. Hazel commented that I should have fucked Sally in her own bed so that she could continue to sleep. Now, she was going to have to get up and move to her own bed for the night. I made a counter suggestion, "Hazel, let's you and me move to my bed. You can sleep with me tonight and we will straighten things out in the morning."

Hazel though that was a good idea, so we got off the bed as gently as we could not to wake Sally. We did not bother to don any sleeping clothes, but just dropped naked into my bed. We both were asleep in about two minutes, and I slept through until the time that I usually woke up for breakfast. I did my bathroom thing before waking Hazel. She and Sally got to the bathroom at the same time, so they just shared it while I went down to breakfast.

Mrs. Archer greeted me with a big grin. Did she also know about our sexual antics? Come to think of it, she probably did, since she changed the sheets and such every day. Anyway, she fixed me my now usual BE&G breakfast and I went to watch TV news as she fixed breakfast for the other members of the family as they drifted in.

The TV news had a reasonably account of yesterday's murder of Sarah Mason by her husband and of my capture of him after the fact. That was still a sad news segment to watch, even though they did not show any of the major gore. They did show some of the blood spattered on the walls of the room and the mess on the bed after Sarah's body had been moved. As far as I was concerned, Hazel did not need to see that, so I switched to HLN, the version of CNN which did not go into so much detail but spent most of its time on "headlines."

However, last night had been pretty quiet for news, so HLN did cover the murder and show my picture as the person who had captured the alleged murderer. They also took the time to recap the other adventures that I'd had in capturing bad guys. They even dubbed me "The Modern Lone Ranger." That I could have done without, because I figured that the moniker would be all over school before lunch time.

Sally and I rode to school in her SUV, but Hazel took the day off. I hoped that she would stay home for at least the rest of the week, three days, but I really did not know what was best for her. Anyway, as soon as the office opened at the high school, Dad called them to say that Hazel would not be coming in today, and he did not know when the situation would change. He was planning to take her to see a grief counselor later in the day, and he expected to know more at that time.

The school staff was very sympathetic, and Hazel was excused as long as necessary. I guessed that she would get so bored staying home that she would cut short her grief absence as much as she could just to fight the cabin fever. At least, Mrs. Archer would be with her, and that woman could cheer up anybody!

Yeah, I was right, the Lone Ranger name was already going around the school, and I can't remember how many times I heard it. Most of the calls were friendly, but there were a few that were mean spirited. The first period, I was called into the office by the principal. She wanted to know if I felt like attending classes, considering what had happened yesterday. I assured her that I was okay, and was only upset because I could not save Mrs. Mason. The principal sent me back to class, but shook her head as I left her office.

I met Helen for lunch, and she was sympathetic with me, but she was not maudlin, and that was a big help. We talked about a lot of things, but none of them had anything to do with what happened at the Mason house. I really did feel better after my lunch with Helen, and I told her so. I thanked her, and we parted with the expectation of meeting tomorrow.

I was headed for my last class of the day when I ran into my first physical trouble. Three of the bullies that I normally avoided trapped me against a wall by encircling me on three sides; the wall was on the fourth side. I could feel my ring getting warm, so I was not worried.

One of the bullies said, "Well, Mr. Lone Ranger, you must feel pretty tough. I hear that you broke some bones on the perp (perpetrator) when you captured him. You must have used a section of pipe to do it, because you certainly don't look like you have the muscles to do it any other way. Well, you have no pipe now, so how tough are you?"

Not being one who was well known for keeping his mouth shut, I answered the bully. "Back off, Johnson. I don't need a weapon to take care of a fart like you. You are stupid to start something here in school. If you want me to demonstrate what I can do, meet me after school in the parking lot. We can discuss it better there."

"It's a date, Mr. Lone Ranger. I hope you have a cellphone that can be used to call 911 to take you to the ER after I get through with you. Be there, or you will regret it."

I barely made it to my last class before the late-bell rang, but the teacher didn't say anything, so I didn't either. After class, I stowed what I needed for my homework in my backpack and left for the parking lot. Sally usually didn't show up until the parking lot was practically empty, so I figured that I would have plenty of time to deal with Johnson and his minions.

I found a place to park myself out of sight of the school office and the staff parking lot. I really didn't want to get into trouble for fighting on school property, but there might be no choice in the matter. Johnson showed up about five minutes after I had sat down on my backpack, and he was a mean as ever. His specialty was picking on kids smaller than he was, and that was not difficult since he was already 6' tall. With his two helpers, he must have figured that I would be a pushover. Well, he didn't know about my ring, so he was in for a big surprise.

"Okay, Mr. Lone Ranger, stand up and take your medicine. Your choice is a beating or a blowjob for me and my friends. Make up your mind real quick, because I am not known for my patience with losers like you."

I knew that he threw in that part about the blowjob just to force me to fight. Well, I didn't care what he said; I just wanted him to go away. However, that was not going to happen under normal circumstances. "Johnson, do you want your ass whipped here in the parking lot where we might be caught on school property, or do you want to step across the street where the school staff will leave us alone?"

"Hell, let's cross the street. This is going to take such a short time that we probably won't be caught, but I might decide to drag this out and take more time beating on you. Come on, get off your ass, and let's go."

I set my backpack back away from the curb so that no car would hit it accidentally while I was dealing with Johnson and his cohorts. I did move in such a way that I could keep an eye on all of them so that nobody could sneak in a punch and catch me by surprise. The four of us crossed the street to the other sidewalk. Sally drove by at that moment, and she saw what was going on. Ann wanted to try to break up the obvious fight that was coming up, but Sally calmed her down and pulled into the parking lot where they could watch the festivities.

We got to the sidewalk, and I stood with my arms akimbo. I said, "Okay, Johnson, take your best shot, because it is the only one you are going to get."

The look on Johnson's face would have been funny under other circumstances. He was amazed and befuddled that I was not afraid of him and his reputation. He said, "Okay, Pretty Boy, here it comes!" As I expected, he aimed his first punch at my nose with the certain belief that he would smash it to the point where it would be unrecognizable. His fist struck me square on the point of my nose, and Johnson let out a scream of pain that would have done a pig in a slaughterhouse proud. It was so high pitched that I was sure that every dog for miles must have heard it.

Johnson had naturally used his right hand, and his middle finger had hit me square on the point of my nose. That was a tremendous amount of force to put on a simple finger bone, and the result was a shattered finger. The other three fingers were also broken, but the middle finger was probably an unrecoverable mess. He was in so much pain that he was crying, and his two friends were flabbergasted.

That was when I administered the coup de gras. "Johnson, down on your knees and kiss the toes of my shoes. If you don't, I'll break every joint in your body, and believe me, I can do it!"

Johnson was very slow to move so I grabbed his elbow, the one on the left, and squeezed it between my fingers. This brought another scream of pain, and he dropped to his knees. He kissed my shoes and started to try to get up. I ordered him to stay where he was, and he did. I said, "You were so slow to move that you need more punishment. I want you to kiss my asshole!"

Johnson was now convinced that I could hurt him beyond endurance, so he shifted so that he could reach me. I dropped my pants far enough so that he could reach my anus when I leaned over. I said, "Johnson, I want to make sure you remember this, so I want you to stick your tongue into my asshole and lick it clean. I will check when you finish, and if there is any shit left, you will regret the day that you were born!"

He was so cowed by now that he did not hesitate to follow my orders. To my surprise, we had drawn an audience of gawkers by now, and I was sure that Johnson would never live this down. I let him work with his tongue for a couple of minutes before I told him to stop. I used my finger to rub around inside my anus and looked at the results. I even sniffed my finger to insure that I could believe what I was seeing. "Okay, Johnson, suck on my finger to make sure that it is clean. After that, you can get off your knees. I'm satisfied that you are a good ass licker, and I will make sure that the whole school knows it by tomorrow afternoon. Now, go to the hospital and get that hand looked after before they can't save it."

I turned away from Johnson before he could get up. In fact, he was in such pain that his two friends had to help him up and to walk. I picked up my backpack and climbed into the SUV with the girls. Ann looked at me in awe, since she knew of Johnson and his reputation, but Sally could only laugh. She did not know what a mean bastard Johnson was.

I could hardly wait to get to school tomorrow to learn what the kids thought of this little exhibition of my prowess against bullies. I hated bullies, and resolved to go on a campaign to eliminate as many of them as I could.

We went home, and Ann went with us. She wanted to talk to Hazel about her loss of her mother and to have that talk among my harem women about what they were going to do to satisfy me.

Hazel was delighted to see Ann, though she was glad to see Sally and me, too. However, the girls started talking, sometimes all three at the same time, so I escaped to the sanity of the kitchen and Mrs. Archer. She had some of her cookies available, and I had that as an after school snack along with a Coke.

She saw the smirk on my face, so Mrs. Archer had to hear what had happened at school to warrant that. I told her of my encounter with the bullies, and the poor woman had to be helped to a chair until she recovered from her laughter. She didn't know Johnson specifically, but she did know the problems that bullies caused.

I had so much homework to make up and to do for tonight's work, that I went to my room to start work on it as soon as I had finished my snack. Hopefully, I could get a lot of it done before the women wanted my attention. There was no way that I could make myself turn them down.
Chapter 7
Home | Top | aubie56's Page |   Feedback to author



 
Home | aubie56's Page « A Fantastic Ring Index « Previous
Chapter 7
Posted: May 11, 2012 - 11:55:43 am

Ann was here and this was going to be a "sleepover!" I knew before it happened who was going to be over who. I managed to complete my homework before supper, so I was clear before we four went upstairs to the amused grins of the "adults."

The other two girls were anxious about the "little surprise" that we had in store for Ann. Neither of the other two girls had told her about my new trick with my hard cock, and we were all on pins and needles as we awaited the great unveiling. Ann had already let it be known that she wanted to join my harem, so that was out of the way. The girls had not yet worked out just how they were going to get Ann's parents to agree to her moving in with us, or more correctly, with me.

Tonight, we would start the fucking with Ann, followed by Sally and Hazel in that order. Ann would spend the night in my bed, and she might or might not get a second dose of my cock. That would depend on how things worked out with my stamina.

We all went into my room this time and stripped to the skin. Ann was in such a hurry that she was not interested in any foreplay, so she lay down on her back on the towels, and I climbed between her thighs. I was erect at my usual six inches or so as I prepared to enter Ann's pussy. I may have been a little smaller in diameter than usual because of the ease with which I slid in and bumped her clit. Her sigh of contentment at that was cut off as she felt my cock begin to expand.

Her eyes got wide in amazement as she felt my cock extend farther down her tunnel until I barely touched her cervix. Of course, my diameter increased to stretch her cunt wall just enough to be correct for maximum pleasure. When she recovered enough to speak, Ann asked, "What did you just do?"

"I have learned how to get longer and thicker so that I fill you completely without hurting you. Do you like the effect?"

"Master, that is the dumbest question that I think that I have ever heard! NO, I don't like it, I LOVE it! Please let me feel what it is like when you move. I can't wait!"

I now had the response that I wanted, so I began to move. My first stroke was slow so that Ann could feel the contact all along her vagina as I withdrew until my helmet was the only thing still penetrating her ring of outer pussy muscle. I held there for a moment for dramatic effect before slowly pushing my way back into her depths. Ann's reaction was what I expected as I reached her G-spot and began to rub against that.

This time, when I bottomed out, Ann gave a mighty moan of delight and urged me to move faster. I picked up the speed and began to fuck her at the most stimulating rate. It was not quite as fast as I could go, but it was plenty fast enough for us both to take pleasure in the sensations coming from the contact between her cunt and my cock.

As with the other women, it did not take long for Ann to reach her first climax, and I did slow down a little while she was enjoying that. However, I sped back up as soon as she was back to Earth. Ann had a total of four climaxes before I had mine, and she came with me as I began spurting into her vessel of delight. That gave her a total of five orgasms, and she was worn out by the time I was ready to stop stroking within her. I don't think that she felt my cock return to its normal size at rest, and I really doubt that she was in any condition to care. I pulled out and let her rest while I asked Sally which bed she wanted to use.

I rested a few minutes before we all moved to Sally's bedroom. Sally got her usual fucking/loving with my enlarged cock, and she had a total of four orgasms. I rested again for about 15 minutes before we moved to Hazel's bedroom. There, Hazel and I repeated what had gone on with Ann and Sally, and Hazel also had a total of four orgasms. I did squirt into Hazel, too, but it was an anemic output compared to what Ann had enjoyed. I was convinced that three fucks of that magnitude in one night were just too much until I matured a little more. That was information that the harem could conjure with while they were planning their schedule.

Ann and I returned to my bed and slept the sleep of the exhausted. However, I did wake up the next morning feeling fully refreshed, and I was certain that my ring had a part in that. Ann was still sleeping, so I had time for my shower, etc. in peace before going down to breakfast.

Mrs. Archer was there to fix my usual, and she was grinning from ear to ear. As a chronic sufferer of foot-in-mouth disease, I asked what was so amusing. Well, I deserved the answer I got. "Billy, I can tell by the look on your face that you serviced all three girls last night, and I have to admit to a little jealousy. I have not had a man since my husband died six years ago, and I am starting to get that itch. I look at you and wonder if you could stand to help out an old woman one of these days."

"Mrs. Archer, you are still attractive. There is no reason that I would turn you down for any reason except that my other girls might object. I'll ask them and get back to you. I am sure that I will have an answer sometime today. Is that soon enough for you?"

She looked at me in surprise and said, "Billy, I was half joking a moment ago, but I would deem it an honor if you would accept me into your circle, even if only for one time. I can hardly wait to get the answer."

"If you want to, you can ask the girls as they show up for breakfast. The verdict has to be unanimous, but I will abide by what they say. The only catch, if it is one, is that they will insist on watching. Can you stand that?"

"I wouldn't care if the whole world watched! All I want is a good round of sex!" With that, she turned back to the stove and proceeded to fix me my usual breakfast, but she added another egg to the scrambled mass. I supposed that was to start building up my strength.

As usual, I finished eating before the other people showed up for breakfast. I went into the family room to watch the TV news while the others ate breakfast. I wound up hearing four squeals of delight before Mom and Dad showed up to eat, so I guess I had my answer, but I would wait to get it officially on the way to school this morning. It did occur to me that I now had four women on my list, and I would probably have another one after my seven weeks of tryouts at lunch at school. So far, I was leaning heavily toward Helen, but I was going to give the other girls a fair chance to show their stuff.

Hazel stayed home again today, but I heard an ear-full from Ann and Sally. They asked me when I wanted to start with Mrs. Archer, who, by the way, now wanted to be called Mary. I replied that tonight would be fine with me, but I would bow to the schedule that the harem worked out. I did point out that, starting tonight, I did want to hold myself to two fucks per night. I said that I was afraid of burning out if I tried to do more than that right now.

I had an idea of a possible way to converse with my ring, and I wanted some advice from it before I over-committed myself. Besides, each fuck took about an hour, and I did not want to rush any faster than that for fear of being unfair to one of my concubines.

The morning school session was its usual blur, but I was in full fettle when I met Helen for lunch. The weather had warmed up to about 70°, so we decided to take a little walk before our next class. A lot of other kids were also taking advantage of the warmer weather, so we had company on the playground. We held hands as we walked, and we were enjoying the break from the normal routine.

Dammit, why won't they leave me alone? We had gotten well away from the school to the limits of the grounds when I was approached from the rear and popped on the back of the head with what I felt as a minimal slap. Nevertheless, I was annoyed at being interrupted, and I turned to see two boys starring menacingly at me.

"Okay, Lone Ranger, what did you do to Johnson yesterday? The word has it that he was in the hospital over night for a broken hand. Was that your doing, and how did you manage it?"

"Look, O'Connor, I don't care for that Long Ranger moniker, so drop it. As for Johnson, he made the mistake of taking a punch at me when I was expecting it. Yeah, the last time I saw him, he was headed for the hospital. I don't know if he is still there."

"Well, suppose Jack and I take swings at you; what would happen then?"

"You would also have broken hands. As for what else might happen, it would depend on just how mad you made me. Did you hear what else Johnson had to do before I let him leave?"

"Yeah, I heard about that, but I don't believe it. You could never make me do that kind of thing!"

"Well, don't be too sure of that. It is amazing what a person will do if something hurts bad enough. I have a lady with me, so I don't want to get carried away with you."

The next thing O'Connor said reduced Helen and me to gasping laughter. "Look here, I know that you are a fag, and I am not afraid of you. I eat fags for snacks, so you better watch out."

Here I went again, talking when I should have kept my mouth shut. "So you don't like fags, huh? Well, just supposed I made you give your friend Jack a blowjob right here in front of the lady. How would you feel then?"

"You son of a bitch, you can't threaten me like that!" O'Connor took a swing at me, and I grabbed his fist in my hand. I did not squeeze very hard, just hard enough to be painful, but not hard enough to break any bones.

I said, "Jack, come here and drop your pants. You are about to get a free blowjob from your friend." That was enough to scare Jack into taking off in a dead run toward the school building.

Meanwhile, O'Connor's eyes got as big as the proverbial saucers as he tried to pull away from me, but could not manage it. I squeezed a little harder and said, "Well, O'Conner, I guess you get to lick the lady's pussy since your friend has run away. I might even have you clean her ass hole if you don't cooperate."

Helen's eyes got big at that, and I winked at her. She smiled because she suddenly realized that I was kidding. I knew that the bell would be ringing very soon to summon us back to classes, so there would have been no time for O'Connor to do what I had said. I continued with O'Connor's punishment. "O'Connor, drop your pants and shorts. Let's see if you have the balls to go with your threats."

As I expected, he did not move, so I squeezed harder on his hand. Any harder and bones would start to break. That broke his will. He loosened his belt and his fly and let his pants drop to the ground. "Step out of them and pull down your shorts. Do it now!" With that, I did apply a little more pressure, but I hoped that this was the end, because any more pressure would result in broken bones.

He did as I commanded, and I commented on how small his balls were. Actually, of course, they were pretty much a normal size, but I wanted to rub in his embarrassment of being exposed in front of a girl. On the other hand, his penis was damned short, but it may had drawn up when exposed to the cool breeze.

I released his hand, and he reached down to cover himself so that Helen could not see him. To add insult to injury, she was laughing like Hell at him all of this time. I picked up his pants and shorts and threw them as high as I could into a nearby tree. It was going to take a ladder to recover those clothes, so there might be time for some kids to see them before the school maintenance crew got them down.

At that moment, the bell rang for us to return to classes, so Helen and I trotted toward the school building. When last seen, O'Connor was still standing there trying to hide his genitalia from public view with only his hands. I wondered how long it would take him to realize that he could cover himself well enough with his shirt to get home for some new clothes.

Helen and I were still laughing as we got back into the building. She said, "Billy, you are the most fun to be around of any person I know. I hope you choose me." I just smiled and nodded. I didn't want to say anything, but she was definitely going to be hard for any other girl to beat.

Apparently, Jack, O'Connor's friend, had been talking because I got an unusual number of friendly waves and greetings as I left the school that day. O'Connor was definitely not one of the most popular people in the Senior class (9th grade) at middle school. Well, maybe that was another bully that I had been able to shoot down.

After supper that evening, I got the word from my harem that Mary was included, and she was on tap for tonight along with Sally. It would be Ann and Hazel tomorrow night, unless Ann could not get away. We wouldn't know until tomorrow.

For the last few years, Mary had been living in her own apartment over the garage, so she was not inconvenienced by working late and still getting to me. On the other hand, she did have to clean up after supper, so Sally went first to give Mary the extra time to get ready. For one thing, she wanted to shower before showing up for her sex session. By the way, we didn't say anything to Mary about it, but the rest of us were amused that she had no trouble saying the word "sex," but Mary could not seem to manage the word "fuck." We wondered how much longer that inhibition was going to last.

Anyway, Sally and I started out the same as we had our previous session together. Sally did not want to waste time with foreplay, but I suspected that my session with Mary would be completely different from that. Anyway, Sally lay down and spread her legs for me to climb into the saddle. I lined up my cock and slid it in with no hangups. The slight reduction in diameter was a big help in the initial penetration.

I paused for a moment after I was in as far as I could go so that we both could enjoy the feeling of my cock lengthening and swelling to fit Sally's tunnel. We both felt me creep forward to touch her cervix, and that was the signal that I was ready to begin my pumping. I slid out slowly until I came to her ring of muscle at her pussy lips, and then I slid forward slowly so that we could savor the feeling of the light friction between my cock and Sally's cunt. I began to pump faster and soon had Sally started on her cycle of orgasms. She had her sixth orgasm as I had my first one, and we both vocalized our pleasure.

Mary had arrived just before this last orgasm, and she was in awe when Hazel told her that it was Sally's sixth orgasm of the session. I rolled off of Sally and let Mary get a good look at my limp cock. My idea with this was to try to overcome her embarrassment at being seen naked and actually fucking. I was certain that she had never before had an audience.

Mary was dressed in a robe with nothing on under it. She said that she was too shy to take her clothes off in front of other people, but she had no problem once she was naked. That, too, was a new idea to us, but we did not tease Mary about it. To my delight, Mary had shaved her pussy area while she was in the shower, and she had a very nice looking pussy and pubic area. Just looking at her, it was hard to tell that Mary was nearly 50 years old.

At the moment, I was not able to get out of the bed. It wasn't because I was tired, rather, it was because I was a little disoriented from the strength of my orgasm. Since acquiring the ring, I have not had a weak orgasm, though some have been stronger than others. This last one was a strong one, so I did need a short rest period.

Hazel helped Mary remove her robe and sit on the bed. Sally was able to move over enough to give Hazel that much room, but she, too, was not yet ready to stand up. While we were waiting, I commented, "Thank you, Mary, for shaving your bush of pubic hair. I know that women your age normally let it grow, but I like to perform cunnilingus, and pubic hair gets in the way of that. What is your feeling about cunnilingus?"

"I have had it done on me, Billy." She was gently poked by Hazel, and Mary said, "Oops, I mean Master. I certainly would like to try it, but are you sure that you want to do it on an old woman like me?"

"Mary, you are not an old woman to me. In your own way, you are just as desirable as any other woman, and I would be delighted to try cunnilingus on you. In fact, this would be a good time if you are ready. Sally is not yet ready to stand up, so we can share the bed for this while she rests some more. What do you say?"

"Master, I have always been ready to try some new form of sex. You will just have to tell me what to do."

"That's simplicity itself. All you have to do is to lie back in the missionary position and relax. I will do all of the work."

Hazel interrupted us with the question, "Master likes blowjobs, Mary. Do you know how to do that?"

"No, that was not something we did when I was in school, and my husband never mentioned it. I know what a blowjob is, but I have no experience in giving one."

"In that case, I was not planning on going to school tomorrow, so I can start teaching you how to do it before Master gets home from school. You can practice on a cucumber or something similar. Of course, a dildo would be better. Do you have one?"

"No I don't, but we do have cucumbers in the refrigerator. I'll take one out at breakfast time so that it can start warming up."

I said, "Okay, that's enough talk about that. I am anxious to show Mary what cunnilingus is all about." I spread her legs enough to get a good path to her pussy. Aha! I noticed a little sign of liquid on Mary's pussy lips that had not been there only a few minutes ago. Something was starting to turn her on; let's see if it is the idea of cunnilingus.

I started out by licking from the bottom of her left pussy lip all the way to the top, but I made a point of skipping over her clit. That was not difficult because it was still hidden under her outer lips. That first lick was enough to get a rise out of Mary. She jumped the moment I touched her with my tongue, and a swipe over her right pussy lip was enough to elicit her first tentative moan of pleasure.

I gave each of her lips about a dozen more swipes, then I switched to running my tongue directly up her pussy slit. That produced even more of a reaction; the moaning became quite pronounced. After eight swipes up her slit, I pointed my tongue so that it would slide farther into her slit as I licked. Before long, I was in far enough to feel the opening to her vagina, so I stopped licking and started pushing my tongue into her opening just as if I were fucking her with my tongue.

That was the end of the cunnilingus session because Mary's good feelings turned into a full-blown orgasm. She began to bounce her hips up and down on the bed and generally writhe around so that there was no way that I could maintain contact with her pussy. I just moved back and let Mary enjoy the first orgasm that I had given her.

She really must have been deprived because that was a very long lasting orgasm that seemed to go on and on. I just hoped that it would not interfere with Mary's orgasms when the fucking started. When she finally returned to Earth, Mary said while still gasping for air, "Master, you are ... indeed an expert! ... That was the ... strongest orgasm ... that I have ... ever had. That ... alone was worth ... me coming to ... you. I hope ... my orgasm from ... fucking will be ... at least half ... as good!"

"I hope so, too, Mary. Are you ready to try, or do you need to rest a little more?"

"Oh, no, let's go ahead. I ... have anxiously waited for ... this all day."

"Okay, now there is the question of which position that you prefer for sex. My preference is for the missionary position and modifications on it as necessary. Would you prefer something else?"

"The missionary position is fine with me, Master. That is all I have ever tried. I would like to try something else later on, but it is fine with me for now."

"Okay, lie back and I will get into position." I had no trouble entering Mary's vagina, even though it was quite tight. It appeared to have shrunk for lack of use, but that was not an important consideration with the way that my ring could adjust my cock size. I worked my way in, but I could not get into position where my pubic bone pressed against her clit. As far as I was concerned, that was totally unacceptable!

"Mary, we have a slight problem, but I think that a minor adjustment in the position will fix that. Let me put your ankles on my shoulders. I think that will solve the problem." Mary did not object as I moved her ankles up to force her pelvis to rotate so that her pussy was pointing more toward the ceiling. As soon as we did that, I slid in all the way and bumped her clit.

"Oh, Master, that is so much better. I wish my husband had know about this. We always had a problem with adequate penetration and resorted to putting a pillow under my hips. That was not as comfortable as this. I am ready now if you are."

"There is one more thing to do, Mary. Just relax and feel what is happening inside your vagina." Mary had the same reaction as all of the other women had as my cock lengthened and swelled. I thought for a moment that Mary was going to panic, but she relaxed when my cock stopped growing.

"Oh ... My ... God, Master! What did you just do. I have never been so full in my life. It feels like another fraction of an inch and you would burst through my cervix."

"Don't worry, Mary, that won't happen. You are perfectly safe, and we are now ready for the fun to begin."

As usual, I moved out slowly so that she could get the feel of my cock making contact with the entire surface of her vagina wall. I stopped when I got to the ring of muscle at her pussy lips. I paused for a moment and then slid back in as far as I could go, pressing very pleasurably against her G-spot. I pressed against her clit just as I barely made contact with her cervix. That was not enough to hurt Mary, but it was enough to let her know that I was filling her as completely as I could without hurting her.

Now I sped up my stroke rate and established a rhythm that Mary easily and quickly adapted to. She began to move with me, and I hoped that she enjoyed the fuck as much as I did. Much more quickly than I expected, Mary began to rise to her first orgasm from my fucking. Once we got to the starting point of her rise, she didn't climb the mountain any more quickly than did the younger women—she seemed to me to be moving at the same rate as them. I continued to stroke at the same rate as Mary continued to rise to her climax. We hit her peak, and Mary seemed to explode. She bumped her hips on the bed, rolled her head back and forth, and twisted her face into terrible grimaces as she came. She also panted as if she were trying to draw her last breath and finally screamed loud enough to wake the dead.

She fell so fast from that climax that I was afraid that something might have gone wrong, but I kept stroking at my best rate. Very soon, Mary started to approach her second orgasm. This was nearly an exact repeat of her first one, and she certainly seemed to be happy with what was going on. I say that based on the way she grabbed my arms and squeezed; thank God for the protection afforded by the ring.

Again she fell back to Earth at what I considered a surprising rate, but she was soon ready to climb back up that same mountain. Mary went through this cycle four more times before I came, and I matched her ardor when I came. She did not come with me, but I think that it was sheer exhaustion that held her back. I was not much better off, and it was a good thing that Sally had moved off the bed or I might have crushed her when I fell back to the bed.

Mary lay there for a minute or so before rolling over to face me and grabbing me in a very tight embrace. "Thank you, Master! Thank you, Master! I have never had an experience like that! The prospect of having more of them before I die has me floating on clouds of pleasurable anticipation. I can hardly wait until next time. Now I know why your concubines call you Master."

I returned the embrace and waited for Mary to return to Earth. She, too, was a tough old bird! She never fainted or anything else. Mary was in the process of enjoying life as she never had before. "Master, may I sleep with you tonight? I have been sleeping without a man for six years, and you are truly a man! I promise to let you choose whether or not we have more sex, but I would like a bed partner under whatever conditions you might set."

I glanced at Sally and Hazel, and they both nodded, so I said, "Mary, I would be pleased to have you join me in my bed tonight. But I must warn you that, based on the way I feel now, all that will happen is that you will sleep in my arms."

"That's enough, Master! That's enough for me. Thank you for being so nice to me." It was already late in the evening, so Mary and I moved to my bed and left Hazel and Sally to change the wet sheets on the bed we had been using. It looked like we generated so much liquid that a few towels were not a good solution to our problem. Maybe Mary's experience could provide us an answer.
Chapter 8
Home | Top | aubie56's Page |   Feedback to author


 
Home | aubie56's Page « A Fantastic Ring Index « Previous
Chapter 8
Posted: May 15, 2012 - 09:55:08 am

Mary and I lay down on my bed with her in my arms, and Mary was soon asleep. However, I had another project that I wanted to work on, or start on, at least. I thought, Ring, I know that you cannot talk to me when I am awake, but you can reach me when I am asleep. What I want to do is to try an experiment. I want to ask you a series of questions and have you answer me after I go to sleep.

However, before I ask my questions, I want to thank you for the way you have cared for me since we found each other. My first question, and I probably already know the answer, is: are you responsible for the way that women chase after me?

If you are responsible, could you tell me in simple words how you do it. Please know that I am not complaining, but I am curious. Women never gave me a second glance before we bonded, so I am sure that you are somehow involved.

My third question is whether or not there is a limitation on the number of women who are attracted to me? Again, I am not complaining, but it can be overwhelming.

I also wonder just how much fucking I can do before I give out. Based on a time limitation set by my school requirements, I seem to handle two women per night with no difficulty, and I can service three in a pinch. But I wonder how many I could serve in a continuous run if a time limit were not a consideration.

My last question for tonight is whether or not men can also be induced to follow me. I don't mean for sex, but for the other things that I might want to do. It seems to me that I could count on the female vote if I got involved in politics, but what about the male vote. At the moment, I have no political ambitions, but I did wonder what could happen in a hypothetical situation.

Okay, that's it. Please answer those questions if you can. And please rest assured that I do appreciate all that you have done for me so far.

I dropped off to sleep very quickly, as had become my habit ever since I bonded with the ring. Shortly after that, I began to dream. I won't try to restate the dream here, but I will summarize what I was told.

Yes, the ring was responsible for the way women responded to me. As I get older, the response time will shorten until no more than five seconds will be required to make any woman I meet my slave, and this is not only related to sex. The non-sex response will be to any commands that I issue, but the sexual response will be involuntary and immediate. If I order them to leave me alone, they will do so without any regrets, so I still have the ability to have sex with as many women as I might want to, but only with those that I desire. Sue's reaction was an example of that. She knows that she has been rejected, and she is not the least bit bothered by that rejection.

Sally was correct in that pheromones are closely involved, but they are not the only thing. The pheromones are necessary for the sexual attraction, but not for the general attraction. That comes from a aura I emit that currently only women can see. They don't realize that they see it, but that is what makes them want to do whatever I ask of them.

There is no limit to the number of women that I potentially could attract. However, too many women would simply get in each other's way, so I will need to keep down the total number that I control at one time. There is no limit to my ability to fuck women; however, the pleasure will taper off if the number of women becomes excessive. My current limit for that appears to be about 20 fucking sessions. I am not tired at the end of a session, I am just starting to feel a slight loss of interest.

The aura can be modified to attract men as well as women, but the ring recommended that I hold off on that until I got older. I would need more life experience to know how to cope with that situation.

Okay, that was a lot to think about, and I was glad that the experiment was a success. I was also glad that I had not asked more questions, or I would probably been snowed with more information than I could process.

One thing that occurred to me was whether or not I could channel some of the ring's energy to power me when I did eventually begin to run down. If the ring was tapping some inexhaustible source of energy, was there a way that I could tap into it. My idea was to give up the necessity of eating or sleeping. Not that I really wanted to, but I was interested on an academic basis.

The next morning, I got up at my usual time, but Mary was already gone. I assumed that she had returned to her apartment to get ready for the day. She did still have her job that we all depended upon. I got up, did the usual things, and dressed for school.

Mary was in the kitchen preparing for fixing breakfast, but, when she saw me, she dropped everything else to run to me for a hug and a kiss. "Master, I feel so good this morning, and I owe it all to you. Thank you oh so much!"

"Uh, Mrs. Archer, I think that we should return to our old names except when we are in bed together. It might be safer that way."

"Okay, but don't worry about your parents. They know about you and me. I cleared it with them before I went upstairs last night."

Well, I was glad to hear that, but I wondered if I had any secrets in this house.

I had my breakfast and was watching the TV news before the girls came down to breakfast. We left for school at the usual time, but Hazel announced that she planned to return to school on Monday. I wondered if that was wise, but I didn't say anything.

This was Friday, so I had to set up my date with Helen. I decided to go all the way with this date and treat her for one night as if she was already a member of my harem. I discussed the question with Sally on the way to school, and she could not find anything wrong with the idea. I cleared inviting Helen to supper at our house, but left the final decision open to let Helen make the ultimate decision.

At lunch, I described what I had in mind to Helen, and she blanched in terror. However, I explained that my parents and siblings (note the plural here) already knew about us and what I was proposing to do tonight. I said that we would have sex the way I would expect from my girlfriend. That meant that we would do it at my home in my bed and not in some lame parking place out in the woods.

I gave Helen time to consider the situation, and she agreed. I said that I would pick her up at her home just as if this were a regular date so she would not have to explain anything to her parents. I said that I did not expect her to stay all night, but she could if she wanted to. "That I will have to think about. I will need to arrange for a girlfriend to cover for me. If I can manage it, I will stay over."

Nothing special happened that day, so I got home at the usual time and made sure that everybody knew how my plot was to run. Mom gasped when I said that Helen might stay overnight, but she did not comment beyond that. Dad just grinned. I made a point of getting my homework done before supper; luckily, this was a light homework day. The teachers were usually understanding about the desire of teens to date, so they made it relatively easy for us over the weekend.

I picked up Helen at 6:30 because she had told her parents that we would be going out to dinner. They were impressed with that, and were very cordial when I showed up to pick up Helen. I was dressed in a suit, and she was wearing an appropriate dress—I didn't know what to call it, but it didn't make much difference since she would not be wearing it much longer. She came out with an overnight bag, so I knew that our ruse had worked.

Helen was definitely uncomfortable when I drove up to our house. She really had no idea what to expect from my parents, whom she was worried about, or the other women in the house, none of whom she knew. All she knew was that everybody expected her to sleep with me tonight, and that was it. She didn't even know if it was true that she was going to be fed a real dinner and not something like sloppy joes.

Well, everybody went out of their way to make Helen feel welcome, and Mrs. Archer had fixed an outstanding dinner built around Beef Wellington. I had forgotten to ask Helen how she felt about drinking red wine with the meal, but she handled it well. The table conversation was confined to bland generalities, though Dad did tell Helen what he did for a living. He did not mention the international deal; even Sally and Hazel had not heard about that, yet. I don't know why he was waiting, but Dad did not feel that the time was right to tell them that, yet.

We spent about two hours over the meal before we headed upstairs. I could tell that Helen was still embarrassed that Mom and Dad knew why she was here, but I had explained that it was impossible to keep them from knowing about it. I assured Helen that they already knew about Sally, Hazel, and Mary. I didn't mention Ann, since she was not in attendance.

We went to my room and sat down to talk for a few minutes to try to help Helen conquer some of her nervousness. Finally, Sally said, "Okay, it's time to start. We all know why we are here. Master, we think you should be the one to help Helen out of her dress."

Helen really looked like she was ready to panic at that point, but Mary walked in and removed her robe. In only a couple of minutes, Sally and Hazel were naked. Only Helen and I still had any clothes on. I walked over to Helen had helped her stand. I then embraced her and kissed her like a lover who meant it. That went a long way in breaking Helen loose from her fear, and she let me help her remove her very fancy (to me) dress. She was just at the beginning of a C-cup, so she did not really need a bra, and she was not wearing one. All she was now wearing were self-supporting stockings and panties. Her shoes had come off just before her dress to make sure not to damage it.

I removed her panties, but I left her stockings in place. I said, "Helen, I have never fucked a woman wearing stockings, and I hope you will agree to be my first. She smiled at that and agreed. She was indeed beautiful. Her breasts were perfectly proportioned and her nipples were exactly at the point of curvature, just where I like them. He nipples were a little small, but she was not yet fully grown, so who could find fault in a detail as unimportant as that.

Her pussy was prominent. Her mons veneris stuck out like I was holding my closed fist against her crotch. Oh, Man, I just had to have a piece of that. I could feel my tongue running along her slit as I looked at it! I immediately started getting hard and I hoped that my ring did not kick in and make my cock grow to fit my imagination.

Needless to say, I had my clothes off as fast as I could move. That woman was built for a cunnilingus fan like me. We had intended for her to be first in line tonight, so she was there for my picking. Hazel was working on her self-appointed job of looking after my blowjob prospects. "Helen, Honey, what do you know about blowjobs? Have you ever done it before. Master, here, really loves a good blowjob. Can you handle that?"

"Yeah, I can give a blowjob. I'm no expert, but I never got any complaints."

That was great news because we could start out the night with an exercise in 69. I led Helen to the bed and asked her if she was willing to 69 with me, and, if so, did she want the bottom or the top. She selected the top position, which I expected her to do. We got into position and she started sucking on me while I started to lick the most delectable pussy that I had ever seen. Well, okay, I haven't seen that many outside of the web, but I knew what I was attracted to.

I started my licking routine, and it was fun the way I was able to reach her whole slit without straining. Yeah, Helen could give blowjob lessons to every one else at the party. Only Ann would have given her a run for her money. If she could and would deep throat, she had just won the grand prize. Meanwhile, I was having a ball at my end of the girl. I had licked each pussy lip a multitude of times and now was the time to slide my tongue along her slit.

I pointed my tongue and began to work in earnest on her pussy slit. Each lick brought a little more pressure so that I soon had her slit worked open and was running my tongue down inside. I found her fuck hole and went to work on it with my tongue. I thought to my ring, Please make my tongue longer the way you did my cock. I want to be able to reach her G-spot. I waited, but nothing happened. I asked again, but still I was out of luck. Oh, well, tonight I would find out why this didn't work.

Helen began to respond to me fucking her with my tongue, but not as vigorously as I wanted, so I switched to her clit. I sucked on it and tried my trick where she fucked my lips with her clit. Ah, that brought her off. Even at that, she still had enough control to work very diligently on my cock with her lips and tongue. Just as she came hard, she jammed her head down on my crotch and forced my cock into and down her throat. My God, there was that feeling!

I began to shoot, and I swear that I must have shot four jets into her stomach without bouncing. I had so much pressure behind my spurts that I thought that I could feel the recoil. Helen held my cock in her throat so long that I feared that she might suffocate, but she pulled herself off my cock with no apparent harm having been done. Now, that was my kind of blow job!

Helen rolled off me and turned around for a kiss. Let me tell you, that was a deep kiss. Yes, I could taste something kind of odd in her mouth, but I figured that if she could stand it, so could I. It wasn't bad tasting to me, but it was not something that I would choose. It must have been my semen, but I was not impressed by the flavor at all. Nevertheless, Helen seemed to like it because she licked some off her chin where it had dribbled. Hell, if she liked it, that was all I cared about; I didn't have to like the taste since I was not going to get that much in my mouth.

We rested a minute or two, then she said, "Let's get to the fucking. That's why I am here, and I'm busting to try you out."

Well, I am not bashful when invited to fuck so I asked what position she liked. She said that she really preferred the missionary position and hoped that was okay with me. I agreed right away, and we moved to that position. There was no question of Helen being wet enough for penetration, so nothing was holding us back.

I moved between her legs and Helen asked if I minded having her legs resting on my shoulders. Of course I had no problem with that, and we moved into that position. I found out why she liked that position. Her pussy stuck out so far that it was practically pressed against the mattress when her legs were down, but having her legs up raised it to the point where it was easy to reach. I coated myself with her lube and had her guide me into place. I knew that she was no virgin, but I wanted her to do something to signify that she wanted the fucking as much as I did.

She had me lined up and ready to push in in only a moment. I went in with my God given size and seized up immediately. Dammit, at even my normal size, I was too big for her. I worked my way down through her love tunnel, hanging up several times until my ring had reduced my diameter. Finally I pressed against her clit and heard her moan of contentment.

I said, "Pay attention, Helen; you are about to feel something unprecedented." That's when I commanded my cock to do its size adjustment. Helen squealed as she felt me get longer, and I began to swell in diameter, too. What the Hell was going on? I asked her, "Why were you so tight a moment ago and now you are normal size?"

"I'm sorry, Master. I was trying to make you think that I had only fucked a few times and was not stretched. Actually, I have a lot of experience, and most boys are not large enough to get much stimulation from me. I have been fucking large men just to get the sensations that I want. I had pinched down as far as I could so that you would feel big inside me. Your enlarged size took me by surprise; I had no idea that you would be that big."

"Okay, there is no problem, but don't try to fool me again. Also, don't tell any other girls about my ability to change size. I want to surprise them. As far as I know, I am the only one able to do that, and I would like to keep my secret as long as possible."

Now that we were back to normal, I went through my slow withdrawal and slow return to let Helen know what she was dealing with. Thereupon, I sped up and began to fuck her in earnest. She was a little slower than I expected in reaching her first orgasm, but she was as spirited as any other woman once she hit the peak. I'm sure that her scream of fulfillment could be heard all over the house. She bounced her hips and rolled her head back and forth as she experienced a very strong orgasm. She went through four more just like that before I came. She didn't come with me, but that was no big deal. I certainly came hard enough to accomplish my aim. I was completely satisfied with that fuck and saw no reason to toss her back as a bad job.

Helen, too, must have been satisfied because she hugged and kissed me and rolled over on her side to sleep. She was completely exhausted and left no doubt of that fact. At least, she did not fake that!

I was interested in testing the ring's assertion that I was not as tired as I thought I was after a good fuck, so I asked which of the women was scheduled to be next. Honestly, we had gotten an earlier start than I had expected so I had time for more than two fucks this night. Helen was sleeping in my bed, so we adjourned to Hazel's room for the next round. The girls had agreed that Hazel would be the second girl on this night, so we went through our routine. Hazel had a total of five orgasms, and she was as tired as Helen.

I next asked whether Sally or Mary would like to give it a try, and both of them were ready to venture a toss with me. They did the paper-scissors-rock routine to see who it would be, and Sally was the winner. I did Sally and gave her a total of six orgasms; her last one was simultaneous with me and totally satisfactory.

Sally moved to one side and let Mary use the bed. Mary was sure that I would poop out before she had her first orgasm, but we were all surprised when Mary had five, the last one at the same time as me. It was pretty late, so we would have to confine four or more fuckings to Friday and Saturday nights to allow enough time for sleeping. Other than that, I felt like I was good for at least a couple more fuck sessions before I ran dry. I guess the ring knew its business, and my problem had been psychological because I expected to give out soon.

The women were all tired and needed to go to bed. In fact, Mary slept with Sally because she was too tired to walk to her apartment. I went back to my bed and lay down beside Helen. She never moved when I got into bed. That was one tired fucker!

I framed my question for the ring and went to sleep. I woke up the next morning with the answer. No wonder my tongue would not get bigger: the penis is a sponge that gets hard by filling with blood and had a fantastic range of sizes it can expand to. However, the tongue is a muscle, and the only way it could change size would be to grow more muscle. That would not be impossible for the ring to accomplish, but it would take months or years, and I would not like the fact that my mouth would be filled with a muscle which had a very limited use.

I went through my usual routine when I woke up, and I went down to eat some breakfast. Saturday was a day when Mrs. Archer could sleep in, so she was not there to fix me some breakfast. I sympathized with her and fixed my own breakfast. Mom would show up later to fix a brunch, but I was too hungry to wait.

I amused myself with TV while I waited on everyone else to get up. They began to drift in about 11:00 o'clock, and Mom led the pack. She had a brunch fixed by the time everybody but Mary showed up. Helen was even there, and she ate enough for a couple of football players. She apologized, but said that she was much more hungry than usual this morning. That generated a general laugh, and she even smiled when she thought about it for a minute.

After brunch, I drove Helen to the house of her friend who was covering for her. Later on, she would have the girl's father deliver her home. Helen did not have much to say when she was riding with me. She did comment that I was a match in size and technique for the best fuckers that she had ever met, but that was about all that she would say. We would meet again on Monday for lunch, and that was when we would settle more of our concerns.

Sunday was just a regular day except for one thing. Dad chose this day to tell everybody, including Mary, about his plan to take his company international and to merge with a corporation in Singapore. He didn't say how much money was involved, but he just said that it was a vast sum. What he did not say was that none of us would have to work a day in our lives if we didn't want to—he just let that slide by.

Of course, everybody was excited by the prospect of being "filthy rich" and probably having more money than anyone else in Alabama. Dad just sat back with a self-satisfied grin on his face and let his family revel in the prospects. Dad's revelation was all anybody talked about for the rest of the day. Of course, I had to work not to blab about how much money was involved, but I did manage to curb my foot-in-mouth disease this time.

One of the first things asked by Sally was how this was going to affect the rebuilding of the upstairs bedrooms. Mom pointed out that this was how that was to be paid for, and Sally started laying out what she wanted the new design to be. One of the things she wanted was plenty of closet space so that Mary could move in with us and abandon her apartment over the garage.

Mom said, "Look, we can afford it, so all of you guys get together to decide what you want. We'll take your wants to an architect to work out the details and offer any improvements that he can come up with. The sooner you have your design, the sooner we can contact the architect."

That was enough to start a mad scramble for pencils and paper so that the brainstorming could begin. I stayed out of it! I knew that the girls would get what they wanted and I would be happy with it, so I figured that there was no need for me to sweat the details. Dad said that I was already learning how to be a successful manager!
Chapter 9
Home | Top | aubie56's Page |   Feedback to author


 
Home | aubie56's Page « A Fantastic Ring Index « Previous
Chapter 9
Posted: May 18, 2012 - 01:59:44 pm

While the girls were going over what they wanted and Mom was adding her 2¢ worth, Dad called me to one side and asked if I had any ideas on what I wanted to do with my life. He pointed out that we would now have enough money for me to pick anything I wanted to do, including being a beach bum or a jet-setter. He did say that he hoped that I would not choose either one, but would choose some worthwhile occupation for my life's work.

I had been so busy being a teenaged stud that I had not given much thought to the subject, so I asked what he could suggest. We talked about a lot of things, including me following in his footsteps with computer systems. However, Dad did say that I might consider a life in politics. He had noticed how disgusted I was with the way the country was going to pot, and how I was prone to criticize most politicians for their selfishness.

Therefore, with the money I now had access to, I could be that rare politician who could follow his own conscience and not worry about "contributions" from large corporations and the like. I could be a modern day Thomas Jefferson or John Adams and be the conscience of my country. He just didn't want me to become the dissolute lady's man that Ted Kennedy had been in his early and middle years.

My answer was that I would give the matter a lot of thought and get back to him. Dad did point out that I could start my political career in high school next year if I did incline that way. That was a good point: I could test the political waters in high school, and back away if I didn't like it. If I wanted to go that way, I could follow a path of high school to city/county to state to federal government. That would be a learning-on-the-job route that would teach me a hell of a lot that I could not learn from books.

The more I thought about politics, the more I could see that I could make a significant contribution. My ring could put me on the winning path by inducing women and men to vote for me. The danger was that I could become too smug and certain of my own infallibility, so I would need a solid set of advisers. Who better than my current harem?

The first thing I needed to do was to frame a set of questions for tonight for my ring. I already had the general idea that the ring could affect my aura so that people of both genders would follow me, but I wanted a major increase in brain power to help me make the proper moral and ethical decisions. I also figured that I needed some changes in my physical appearance to make me look more like a leader. The place to start was to increase my height and buff me up. I didn't want to look like a jock, but I did want to look to be in very good health.

Sex that night was limited to Hazel and Mary. Sally and I cuddled in sleep after the main events. I didn't need the rest as much as the women did, but I did not make a big deal out of that.

I asked my questions of the ring before going to sleep and it answered me as before in a dream. The upshot was that the ring could adjust my aura to produce the desired results, but I had to be careful with the sexual advances from women. The physical changes would take one or two years to get everything I wanted, but they were doable. The last item of increased brain power was possible, but the ring would have to do a lot of planning and research before it started.

If I wanted an immediate improvement in brain power, the ring would have to induce a coma that would last as much a four weeks. The alternative was to work slowly and take about 18 months to accomplish the same thing without the coma. The ring would make small changes each night while I was asleep. I probably would not notice the changes because they would be so gradual, but that was the course that the ring recommended.

I figured that I did not want the coma, either. I could imagine the effect that would have on my family even if I warned them in advance about what was happening. The target date of 18 months would put me at the end of my Freshman year in high school and would be good timing for me. Even if I turned away from politics, the improved brain power would certainly be a wonderful advantage and well worth the investment from my point of view. The same was true for the improved physical appearance. This looked like a no-lose proposition!

I had discussed my tentative plan with Mary when I went down to breakfast. She was all in favor of politics as a career for me if that was truly what I wanted. I didn't tell her about what the ring had contributed to me. I figured that could wait until I was firmly set on my political future.

I told Sally and Hazel the same story on the way to school, and they also agreed to support me. They were especially pleased that I would start my political career while they were still in school—they would be Seniors. The next question was what Helen was going to say when I met her at lunch.

Helen was kind of distant to me when we met for lunch. It took some work on my part to get it out of her, but the upshot was that she could not see herself as a member of a harem. She wanted to be exclusive or not at all. Well, that was the end of that! We parted on friendly terms, and I asked her to have Martha show up on Tuesday for lunch. At least, I never had to go through my explanation of my career choice.

The rest of the day at school was a real bummer for me, but I was greatly cheered when Ann showed up with the other girls and said that she was spending the night. Her parents were making an extended trip to Birmingham to something connected with her father's business, so she was going to spend four nights with us! Hey, that was great, and I was immediately kicked out of my gloomy mood. We joked as we rode home, and Ann slipped her panties off so that I could finger-fuck her on the way. I had never done that sort of thing before while riding on a public street, and it was kind of thrilling.

Mom and Mary had already gotten the word via cellphone about Ann staying with us, so there was no problem there. As soon as she walked through the door (still sans panties), Ann was a part of the family. I was amused at the number of suitcases that Ann had brought with her, but I didn't think it was so funny when I was the one volunteered to take all six of them up to Sally's room.

The girls did the kind of things girls do until supper time, but I made an effort to get all of my homework done in that time so that I would not be distracted after supper. I could hardly wait to get to high school when my homework load would be cut significantly.

After supper, the four current members of my harem met me in my room. Hazel wanted to go first tonight so that she could demonstrate her deep throat technique to Ann. She was very proud of her accomplishment, and was eager to show off.

We set up as before in the 69 position with the pillows under Hazel's shoulders and me on top. Hazel was all prepared with her arms wrapped around my hips, so, at the appropriate time, she pulled hard on them and jammed my cock to its six-inch length down her throat. Naturally, I shot off then, and it was very obvious to all of the observers what was happening. Hazel held me for four shots before she released me. I couldn't tell if her red face was from excitement or from lack of oxygen, but she was certainly proud of herself.

The three spectators applauded her performance, and I was happy to see that Ann was the leader in this sign of appreciation of Hazel's effort. Hazel was ready to fuck as soon as we got the bed rearranged, so I got into position with Hazel's legs on my shoulders. I managed to slide in all the way and waited a few seconds for my cock to readjust its size. I began my usual fucking routine, though, to me, fucking was never routine! Hazel came her fifth and last time as I shot off inside her. Yes, I enjoyed it as much as she did, and we both lay back for a short pause before Ann got her turn.

Ann said, "Before we start fucking, I would like to compare deep throat techniques with Hazel's method. Lie on your back, Master, and let me get started." Ann then proceeded to do what I have seen on porn tapes. She started out with the usual amount of penetration of her mouth, about three inches. From there, she gradually worked her way until her lips were pressed against my pubic bone and my cock was down her throat a couple of inches. She didn't hold the position as long as Hazel did, but I got a thoroughly delightful blowjob by the time she was finished.

When she pulled back, I said, "Ann, you and Hazel certainly have different techniques for deep throat, but I can't say that I prefer one over the other. I think that a lot more comparison tests will have to be run before we can come to any kind of solid conclusion." Both women nodded at that and laughed at my answer. They recognized it for the diplomatic answer that it was supposed to be, but they also understood that I meant what I said, because I never lied to either of them.

Ann announced that she was ready to fuck, so she lay on her back and I spread her thighs. As a kind of joke, I dragged my fingernails over her pussy lips from bottom to top. The idea was to tickle her, not to hurt her.

Ann exploded in a fury of bouncing her hips and rolling her head. I was astounded because I must have induced an orgasm with that simple maneuver. Ann said, "My God, Master, you are full of surprises! I never thought that I could orgasm from a simple touch of your fingernails. What a wonderful Master you have turned out to be!"

We proceeded to fuck in our usual manner after that, and Ann came four more times, though she did not cum when I did. Oh, well, we both enjoyed what we got, so there was no room for complaints.

Hazel said, "Master, would you try with me what you did to Ann with your fingernails? I am dying to know what that felt like."

What could I say? Hazel lay down and spread her legs. I dragged my fingernails over her pussy lips as I had done for Ann, and it produced the same reaction! "My God, Master, have you become a wizard of sex magic? I didn't know something like that was possible. It was a wonderful feeling, and I hope that you will do it again the next time we fuck. Now, please demonstrate it on your other two concubines so that they will not be jealous of us lucky ones."

I certainly could not argue with that. Mary was first, and she had that same reaction. I was amazed when Mary started to cry. "Mary, why are you crying? Did I hurt you?"

"No, Master. I was crying because I was so happy. I just cannot understand my luck at finding such a skilled lover after all of these years of being alone. I thank God every night for you before I go to sleep."

Sally was a little skeptical when she parted her legs. However, that changed when I caressed her pussy with my fingernails. She also achieved an instant orgasm and her's lasted a remarkably long time. Eventually she came back down from her peak, but she was strangely silent for the rest of the evening. I resolved to ask my ring if it had anything to do with what had happened. It was certainly strange, and I could hardly wait for the answer.

The harem had decided that it was Ann's turn to sleep with me, so we snuggled in, and I asked my question of the ring before going to sleep. As usual, I had gotten the answer to my question in a dream. The ring reported that it had indeed been responsible for the strange behavior when I gently drew my fingernails over the pussies. It had given my fingernails a slight charge of static electricity, and that was what the girls had felt. I told it to keep that effect going until I specifically canceled it. The girls liked it, so I did, too.

The next morning, Mary fixed me a breakfast with four eggs. I enjoyed it, but I did ask her not to add any more. The breakfast was getting too big for me to eat.

The ride to school that morning was a real treat for me. Neither Ann nor Hazel were wearing panties, and they made a point of having me look and feel the evidence. They did say that they planned to don panties before classes started, and I wondered what would happen if I told them to skip the panties for the whole day.

I also checked out to see if the static charge was present on my fingernails, and it was! Both girls got a major orgasm when I rubbed my nails over their pussy lips. Sally said that I was going to do that for her before she would let me out of the SUV when we stopped at my school. I obliged her, and she had to sit still for a good five minutes before she trusted her reflexes to resume driving. I chuckled as I headed in to the school.

For some reason, this was another day for bullies. I was stopped almost as soon as I got in the door. This time, it was a group of four boys collecting a toll from every student who entered the building. That was totally intolerable from my point of view, and I resolved to do something about it. I asked my ring to increase the voltage of the static charge to just below the dangerous level. When the bully stuck out his hand for the money, I touched it with my fingernails, and he screamed in pain.

The boy actually fell to the floor with the effect of the shock and the pain from the shock. The sparks jumping from my fingernails was visible even in the lighted vestibule, and the other boys saw it. I asked, "Do any of the rest of you want to test what your friend on the floor felt. I'm ready if you are."

The toll takers immediately abandoned their downed friend and took off down the hall as fast as they could go without attracting the attention of the school staff. I wondered if there would be any more efforts to collect tolls in the following days.

I was expecting some kind of trouble as I walked toward the parking lot after school; I just wasn't expecting the degree of violence that came with this trouble. Three of the bullies whom I had banished this morning were waiting for me when I stepped from between two parked cars. I wasn't afraid of what they could do to me, but I did want to find out just how far they had planned to go. I walked up to them and stopped. That was when it happened.

I felt a solid thud against the right side of my back just about where my kidney was. It was not painful because of the way my ring had protected my body, but I knew that I had been struck with some sort of weapon. The affected area was just too large to have been a fist. I spun around and saw the boy who had been shocked drawing back to hit me again in the same general area with a baseball bat. That was a potent weapon, and these guys were not fooling around.

The other three boys who were now at my back rushed forward to grab me and hold me for the continued beating with that bat. Well, they didn't know that they couldn't hurt me, and they were sure trying to put me in the hospital, if not in the grave.

I didn't know it at the time, but Sally had just driven up, and Hazel saw what the boys were trying to do to me. She jerked out her cellphone and called 911. She seemed to know what I could do to these underage thugs, so she was calling for the cops and for medical assistance for four people who were suffering broken bones, and she did not know what else. That call would take about 15 minutes to be answered, and I would have plenty of time to deal with this assault.

Two of the boys grabbed my arms and the third one threw his arms around my neck in his idea of a choke hold. The fourth boy was in the process of swinging the bat at me again. I decided to deal with the boy holding my right arm first, so I swiveled back enough so that he was struck in the hip by the swung bat. He screamed in pain and fell to the ground.

The kid with the bat was in a zone of his own, and did not have any idea who he had hit. He just knew that he had hit somebody and broken one or more bones. He drew back to swing again, and I twisted to put the boy holding my left arm in the way of the swing this time.

The bat landed against the kid's side just below his ribs. I would not be surprised to learn that he had ruptured one or more internal organs with that blow. Anyway, another one of the attackers was now lying on the pavement of the parking lot, but this one was so badly injured that he was not moving.

The thug with the bat was still swinging, not paying a damned bit of attention to what or who he was striking. All he seemed to know was that every swing was now causing somebody a lot of pain. The bat was headed toward me for the fourth time, so I spun around so that the boy hanging around my neck was now in line for the contact with the moving bat.

This time, the bat made contact in the small of the boy's back, and I swear that I heard some bones break. My cursory glance made me think that the only bones in that general area were a part of the kid's backbone, and some vertebrae had been smashed. The kid released his grip on my neck and fell to the ground. Now I could deal with the guy with the bat!

Another swing was coming my way, and, frankly, I was tired of the whole thing. I let the bat get close enough so that I could grab it with my right hand. The kid swinging the bat was right handed, so he was standing a little to my left. When I grabbed the bat, it stopped moving so quickly that it was like the kid had swung at a brick wall with all of his might. Anyway, my grabbing of the bat hurt his hands so badly that he squealed and turned loose of the weapon.

That must have been when he returned to a conscious grasp of what was happening and what he had done. His eyes got so big that I was almost sure that they would pop out of his sockets, but it didn't happen. He saw his compatriots lying on the ground, either unconscious or in severe pain. That was when his instinct for self-preservation took over and he turned to run.

I don't know where the skill came from, but I was able to use the bat I was holding as a javelin. I threw it and caught the kid in his left leg just as he had his weight fully upon it while he was in the act of running. I could hear the bone just below his knee shatter from 10 feet or more away. He fell in such a way that his right arm was bridged partly across his body. I stomped on it and heard his elbow shatter. I made my last stroke a kick into his crotch as hard as I could drive my foot. I either damaged his bladder or crushed his balls, maybe both; I hoped so!

I turned to walk toward Sally's SUV and was met by three running girls, all of whom tried to hug and kiss me at the same time. Fortunately, none of them was hurt when they ran into me, but I was still pumped up from defending myself, and my body did not budge one millimeter when they ran into me. By this time, I had cooled down a bit and thought, Thanks for saving my life. I wish that I could thank you properly. The ring got warm, so I knew that my thought was received.

The medical help arrived first, as usual, and I told the EMTs what I knew of the injuries. They were working as hard as they could to get the boys to the ER, so I made a point of staying out of their way. I got the name of the hospital they were headed to, so I could follow up if necessary.

The cops also showed up within a few minutes. They were startled and appalled at what the bullies had tried to do to me. What they didn't understand was how I had come out of the fight unscathed. I told them exactly what had happened in the proper sequence, except that I "forgot" to mention that first blow to my back.

There was no way that I could explain how I had survived that, so I simply didn't mention it. Obviously, from the way I had taken care of the attackers and the way that I was walking around now, that blow had never happened, no matter what some other witness might say.

Only Hazel had seen that first blow, so she dropped it from her description when the other girls failed to mention it. The cops wanted me to come by the station to swear out a complaint, and I promised that I would tomorrow. I said that I was very tired and upset over what had happened, and I wanted to go home to lie down. That they could understand, so they sent me home with the girls.

The girls wanted to know how I had managed what I had done, and I had no good answer for them. I didn't know how I could tell them about the ring, so I just pled that I didn't know how I did it—it was just instinctive reactions. They were kind of skeptical, but what could they say. Finally, they just dropped the issue, but I wondered if that would last and for how long.

When we got home, they told Mom, Dad, and Mary what I had done. Those people were just as startled and amazed about the whole thing as everybody else had been. I did have to explain how the problem had started this morning when the boys tried to extort money from me, and I would not cooperate. Dad beamed when I gave this explanation, and I could tell that he was on my side, and not just because I was his son. That made me feel good.

Later, at supper, I did announce that I was contemplating as career in politics, and Dad beamed again. Mom was not so enthusiastic, but my harem was solidly behind me, especially when I said that I was going to make them my advisers. Dad did point out that I had a good start with the four women as my inner circle, but I needed more diversity. He suggested an African-American and a Latina be added to the mix, and I agreed that he had a very valid point. We all said that we would be on the lookout for suitable candidates.

Meanwhile, I still had the remaining five girls who had adopted me as a potential boyfriend. I wanted to get rid of them, but I did not know how to do that without hurting them. I discussed it with my harem, and we decided that we would treat them like we had Helen. They were a pleasant diversion at lunch, so that was not the problem. We figured that none of them could handle being part of a harem, so we would emphasize that when the Saturday date came up. Mom and Dad agreed to go along with the game, so that was how we set it up. I'll skip ahead in my story to say that none of the girls were willing to be harem members, so that eliminated all of them from consideration.

Instead, I began searching for my Black and Latina candidates for membership in my harem and inner circle of advisers. This was Alabama, so I was almost ostracized when I started inviting Black and Latina girls to sit with me during lunch. My reputation for dealing harshly with bullies made it a bit easier for me to attract such girls because there were enough bigots around to give them a hard time even when the girls were minding their own business. When they were seen with me, the pressure backed off for fear of what I might do in retaliation. Even the female bullies were wary of me.

We were all disappointed when Ann's parents came home, and she had to move back with them. Ann loved her parents, but she admitted that she had a Hell of a lot more fun with us. I know that she got more sexual attention! Ann had already started a campaign for her parents to go on a two or three month cruise during the summer so that she could spend the time with us. We wished her luck.

Meanwhile, Dad had found a sharp lawyer to look after Hazel's interests in the settling of her parents' estate. Her father was stuck in the hospital from all of his broken bones and would never move normally again. I am sure that you can imagine how sad we were about that. Since he was charged with a capital crime and could not function normally even if he beat the charge, Hazel's lawyer was able to get her the majority of the estate, including the house. That was put up for sale, but nobody expected to get what it was worth, especially in the currently depressed market. In any case, Hazel now had enough money in her own right to live as she pleased. Thankfully, she chose to stay with us.

Hazel brought in approximately $17 million to add to our pool, and we convinced her that she had put in plenty to make up her share. Actually, the contribution of only one penny by her would have been enough as far as we were concerned. Hazel was one of us—enough said!
Chapter 10
Home | Top | aubie56's Page |   Feedback to author


 
Home | aubie56's Page « A Fantastic Ring Index « Previous
Chapter 10
Posted: May 22, 2012 - 11:15:36 am

The rest of the school year limped along until it was time for graduation. Well, we were graduating from middle school to high school, and everybody made a big deal of that. I thought that it was ridiculous, but I had to go along with the game everybody else was playing. I managed to live through the graduation exercises, but I refused to have anything to do with the Senior Prom. At last, I was finished with middle school and could start preparing myself for my future life!

That summer, I noticed a marked increase in my reading speed and comprehension. Obviously, the ring's work on my brain was paying off. I did toy with the idea of skipping high school in favor of home schooling because classes were awfully boring there at the last of the school year. However, I did reconsider when I realized that I needed the high school experience to determine if I was really cut out to be a politician.

There was not much in the way of political spots for Freshmen, but I did decide to run for Class President. That was really only a ceremonial job that would require my attendance at about four or five functions during the year, but the important point was in finding out what it was like to run for office. That was something that I was interested in!

Ring did bump up my aura some, and I did use that factor to get people to listen to me as I campaigned, but I did not want it so high that people were compelled to vote for me because I asked them to. I had read a lot about what it took to get elected, and I had talked with most of the town's successful politicians over the summer, so I applied what I had learned and managed to get myself elected with 63% of the vote. That was the highest that anyone had ever gotten in being elected Freshman Class president, and I was proud of my effort.

I had gone whole hog and made an effort to talk to every student in the Freshman class. That seemed to have paid off. Several of the politicians I had talked to had emphasized the importance of personal contact with the voters. Apparently, they were right. I carried almost all of the female vote and about 30% of the male vote. Since I was running against three jocks, I figured that I had done unusually well.

This was purely a popularity contest, so I could not find any campaign issues to raise. I just set out to show what a fine person I was, and how I was concerned with my fellow man. Hell, if I had to, I was prepared to throw a campaign bar-b-cue, but Dad talked me out of that. None of the other candidates could afford to do that, and he said that a lot of people would think that I was just showing off. Let me say this: it sure helps to have a smart Dad!

My harem worked on my campaign, but there was not a lot that they could do since they were Seniors, and this election was for Freshmen. However, they did talk me up to all of their friends and made sure that all of the Freshman girls knew who I was. I thought that they made a significant contribution to getting my vote as high as it was, and I tried to make certain that they understood how much I appreciated their efforts.

All of a sudden, a fantastic opportunity showed up. One of the City Councilors decided to retire and move to southern Florida. He thought that the winters in South Alabama were too severe for him at his advanced age (he was 57). Hell, the man was generally conceded to be an idiot, and the only reason that he was elected was that nobody else wanted such a thankless job. He barely ever got more than 10% of his ward's vote, but he won anyway because he was unopposed.

Well, I found out that there was no age limit, low or high, for ward councilors, so I talked to Dad and Mom, and decided to run. My biggest problem was going to be convincing people that I was serious about the job of councilor. I did have an opponent, but he was the proverbial "used car salesman," and most people did not trust him. He was older than me, 38, so he was a legitimate candidate in the eyes of most people. His age would probably get him elected, but I intended to make him work for it!

My girls were very enthusiastic about this campaign, mostly because they could actually work on it in meaningful jobs. Mom even agreed to help by stuffing envelopes. I figured that alone was my first real campaign victory.

I spent every spare minute in the afternoons and on the weekends going from house to house in my ward. I had a very professional flier printed up along with some equally professional business cards. I wore a suit, and made a point of being polite to everybody I met, even those who ridiculed me for trying to do an adult's job. I think that I actually did change some minds about my maturity.

My main campaign thrust was toward getting the streets and sidewalks in my ward up to the county standards. Alabama does that sort of thing on a county basis, not on a state-wide basis. A lot of people curse the streets and sidewalks, but nobody seems to know what to do about the problem. I researched the situation, and I came up with what I thought was a workable plan. The money was actually there in the city treasury; it was just that nobody had made any effort to get it used properly.

I held one election rally, mostly to catch any people whom I had missed in my door-to-door rounds. It was a big bar-b-cue supper with the food supplied by the best restaurant in Houston County. Yes, it was expensive, but Dad agreed that this one was a good idea. We tried to get a count of the number of people who showed up, but that was impossible. We had a lot of people from outside the ward dine with us, but I didn't mind, because I wanted to become well enough known that I could run for mayor of Dothan as soon as practical.

Anyway, the whole thing was a big success. We even had square dancing and other country music, and that always went over well with this constituency. I also gave a little speech and answered questions, mostly about why I was running for office at such a young age. I explained that I was interested in becoming a professional politician, and I was testing my ability to gain votes. Further questions were on how I was going to handle the job of councilman and go to school, go on dates, and all of the other things that teens did in this day and age. I answered every question, and I think that most of my answers were believed. All in all, it seemed like a very successful affair.

My opponent didn't bother with all of these things, probably because he figured that he was backed by the major political faction in the city and there was no way that he could lose to a high school kid—emphasis on "kid."

Anyway, I won! It was not a big vote in my favor, but it was enough to know that I could have done much better had I been a little older. Also, I did not make full use of the aura enhancement that my ring could have given me, so I was very happy with the results of the vote. By this time, I was 17 years old, but how many boys my age could actually say that they were an elected member of the City Council?

I attended my first council meeting and found out just how much influence I was going to have: zero. Okay, now I had to start digging for political dirt on my colleges so that I could force them to listen to me, or else I had to have my ring upgrade my aura. I went for the increased aura. I didn't want to resort to the political equivalent of blackmail to get my points across. I really didn't know which was more ethical, but I decided that blackmail was just not my style!

It turned out to be a lot of work to do everything a councilman was supposed to do, so I gave up on the idea of continuing with school politics. I figured to serve out my year as Freshman Class President and let that be it for my high school political career. My term of office had been for only one year, so I was not letting anybody down by dropping out of high school politics.

I was supposed to serve on several council committees, but I was left off the distribution list for announcements of the meetings until I raised Hell in open meetings of the full council. The Eagle had a lot of fun with that little fiasco, and it never happened again. I sent a note of thanks to the reporter and the editor of the newspaper, and I got nice notes in response. That's when the power of the press dawned on me, and I started talking regularly to both people. The reporter was a woman and the editor was a man.

Reporting on the City Council meetings was the kind of dog-work that beginning reporters were assigned to, so Rachel Anderson was very appreciative that a council member would notice her, even if he was at the bottom of the pecking order. Rachel and I developed a strong friendship that never went any farther than that because she was happily married, and I didn't want to mess that up. Nevertheless, I did stay in as much contact with her as I could manage because she was very helpful to me.

As it turned out, I was assigned to the Public Works committee, and that was perfect for carrying through on my campaign promise. Public Works was way down on the list of popular committees because most of the work was cut-and-dried. As a result, very few of the regular members attended the meetings and voted by proxy in favor of whatever the chairman wanted.

That was perfect for me! I went to work on the chairman of the committee and convinced him that he would look great in the newspaper if he pushed through the project to fix the streets and sidewalks. I got Rachel to start covering our meetings, and she saw that it would be a feather in her cap if the bill went through. Anyway, it took several months of work, but I finally got the chairman to post my bill on the regular agenda. As usual, the agenda carried with the proxy votes, and my bill was sent to the full council for approval.

Rachel put a lot of pressure on the full council to pass my bill. Enough councilmen were afraid of what a negative vote would look like when Rachel got through with them that my bill passed unanimously! Later, in celebration, I took Rachel and her husband to dinner, an act they both appreciated.

Rachel gave credit where credit was due in her writeups on my bill, but she did make the point that it had been my campaign promise. She made a big deal about how I had carried through on the promise, a rare thing in politics. I was the talk of the town, at least in the coffee shops, for about two days before something else caught the public eye. Still, I was very happy with the result of my efforts, and I hoped to have it be the launching pad for a series of triumphs.

HA! I finished the first year of my two-year term with that as my only triumph. Oh, I did work to get some other bills passed, but they were not things that I had originated. I was somewhat disappointed at that, but Dad said that I would find other things to spearhead as I gained experience. He was proud of me, and that meant a lot to me.

My harem was also a great supporter of my work, and that helped more than I could say. Not only that, but the sex was a great morale booster. The only thing that was amiss was that Ann was not living with us. Therefore, I spent more time in physical contact with her on our trips to and from school than I did with the other girls.

Ann had stopped wearing panties whenever she was around me, and she loved for me to scratch gently on her pussy lips with my fingernails. That invariably produced an orgasm for her, and I think that was partly what kept her tied to me when she could have found other partners for fucking. Ann claimed that she was sticking monogamously to me, and I believed her.

By this time, the work on my brain by my ring had nearly reached completion. I found that I could read a book and retain its information almost as fast as I could turn the pages. If I wanted to, I could read a 500-page book in a couple of hours and repeat every salient point back to a questioner, including the page number where the information could be found.

That made school a real bore until I found relief. I had to attend school for the time spent in the laboratories, so I could not just opt for home schooling. On the other hand, I found that I could split my attention so that I could pay enough attention to the class to keep the teachers happy while I spent the majority of my brain power on other tasks.

One of my other tasks was to contemplate the female population of the school. You might think that the constant sex every night with more than one willing woman would have blunted my interest in other women, but it didn't. For one thing, I was looking for two more women to round out my inner circle of advisers. I had continued my campaign of inviting Black and Latina girls to eat lunch with me, and, now that Sally, Ann, and Hazel regularly ate lunch with me, I had even less trouble in having other girls join me. Besides, I was now a celebrity because of my status as a City Councilman and the one responsible for the repair of streets and sidewalks. By the way, I was also getting credit for providing some new jobs in town that resulted from the work.

There was one girl, Juanita Espinoza, in my class who had caught my eye. She was a real beauty: her skin was dark, indicating something other than pure White ancestry, but she was not as dark as the average African-American. She was a C-cup, pushing hard on D-cup size, and her hips looked like she was built to be a baby factory. Her face was that of the classic Spanish beauty, and her hair was so black that it was almost a new color of its own. All in all, she was a walking wet dream!

Her parents were legal immigrants from Mexico, and she had been born in the USA; therefore, she was in no way a political liability. One way I tied her to me for a while as I was getting to know her was by appointing her as my "official" Spanish instructor. I had realized that I needed to know the Spanish of the Western Hemisphere, and all they taught in the high school was the Castilian dialect which many locals could not even understand.

Anyway, I scored with her, and so did my harem. It did not take long for her to find out that all of these girls were sexually active with me (what do girls tell each other?), and she was interested in joining the club. When she found out that my parents were supportive of my harem arrangement, she began to push to give us a try. Well, it didn't take long for that to be arranged, and Juanita was invited to a sleepover at our house.

Juanita showed up at 6:30 for supper. Mary had fixed some sort of Mexican dishes that the rest of us could eat, and it was an excellent meal, as was anything that Mary turned her hand to. Right after supper, the girls took Juanita upstairs just as they would for any other girl here for a sleepover. As much as anything, this was to show her the facilities. The remodeling of the upstairs was now complete, and it had to be seen to be believed.

Dad and I talked about some of the items before the City Council, including a bill to set a minimum age requirement for a councilman. Of course, I was against it, but it would not affect me, even when I ran again, because it could not be retroactive and affect any current councilman. Dad predicted that the bill would pass because I was seen as a threat to the powers that be. He told me to fight it as hard as I wanted to, but not to be too disappointed when it passed. Later on, the bill was defeated after Rachel Anderson got through with raking it over the coals in her newspaper column. That woman was definitely becoming a power in local politics!

I went upstairs after Juanita had been given time to settle in. Mary was just ahead of me, and Ann was also there, so we had a full meeting of the harem to evaluate the new potential member. I walked in and found myself facing five naked women, and let me tell you, my cock jerked to full rigidity the moment I saw all of them! Juanita stood out because of the shade of her skin, but that was the only claim she had to being remarkable. Even Mary was beautiful for her age.

Anyway, Sally, as the leader of the harem, spoke up. "Master, your harem is here to observe your evaluation of our next potential member. We have agreed that you will fuck Ann first, since she has been the longest without your services, and Juanita will be second on the list. The rest of us will be available if you wish to honor us with your attention after you test Juanita."

I almost laughed at what Sally said, but I realized that she was trying to make this into a ceremony that would mean something to Juanita if she did, indeed, join us. I tried to act in the same spirit and said, "Very well, Sally. I agree with the plan. Ann, are you ready?"

"Yes, Master, my pussy is at your disposal. I do not need foreplay, but I am available for that if you wish."

She grinned at that. I could tell that she wanted to show off her deep throat talents, so I went along. The girls helped me to undress, something that was totally unnecessary, but it helped to keep this within the spirit of a ceremony. I lay down on the monster bed that was large enough to hold comfortably at least nine adults. I was not in the middle, but I was a convenient distance from the side so that Ann would not be inconvenienced.

I was on my back, and my cock was standing up like a flagpole at its usual six inches of length. Ann licked it from base to helmet for several strokes, and I damned nearly shot off right then, but I was able to hold back because I knew what was coming. She wrapped her lips around my cock and began to suck gently as she laved my shaft with her tongue. I was getting toward my maximum holding time when she began to slid her lips down over my cock and force its head into her throat.

She swallowed, and that was the limit. I began to shoot, as she continued to swallow and to force my cock head farther down her throat. I think that I shot off five times before she pulled away, still swallowing to get the last of my jizz down her throat. She raised herself to my face and gave me one of her deep kisses before lying back on the bed and spreading her legs.

I heard Juanita whisper to Sally, "Can he really be ready to fuck so soon after what we just saw?"

There was no need for a verbal answer as I moved into position. My cock was hard enough to penetrate Ann's cunt, especially with the aid of my ring. Just before I penetrated, I performed what had become a ritual within our group: I dragged my fingernails over Ann's pussy lips. Her reaction was exactly what everyone except Juanita expected, and Ann contorted into a very strong orgasm. Anyone who saw Ann at that moment could not help but know what had happened to her, and Juanita almost screamed in excitement.

I gave her a few seconds to rest after she had finished her orgasm. The penetration was as easy as usual, and I slid into her cunt as smoothly as anyone could ask for. I paused when I bottomed out and waited for my cock to expand to its best fit. Ann could not help reacting to that motion and the feeling produced by it. Juanita asked, "What is happening? Did she just have another orgasm?"

Sally said, "Relax, Juanita, you'll find the answers to all of your questions in a few minutes. The feelings our Master gives are beyond description. You have to feel them to believe them!"

That didn't satisfy Juanita, but it did quiet her down as I began to stroke in and out of Ann's cunt. Juanita's eyes did get larger as she caught a glimpse of my cock as I slid it smoothly in and out of Ann's hole. She didn't know what had happened, but Juanita was certain that my cock was at least twice the size that she had seen it when I first penetrated Ann.

Anyway, Ann was getting the full pleasure of the fuck at this point and she was starting to rise to her first climax. I took her up and over the peak, and she reacted with pounding hips and rolling head. Ann also screamed a little, and Juanita flinched as if she were afraid that somebody would hear the noise. Juanita seem impressed by the strength of Ann's orgasm, but she had not seen anything, yet.

My stroking continued and Ann started a second rise to a climax. This one was virtually identical to the first one, and she certainly seemed to enjoy it as much. Ann came down from that peak, and I continued to stroke. Juanita began to look as if she was not able to believe that I could keep on stroking after two such strong orgasms by my partner. The other girls smiled as they watched Juanita's reactions to what she was seeing.

I managed to carry Ann through three more such orgasms, and the last one coincided with my orgasm. Of course, I, too, came hard, and I bellowed out my pleasure. Ann was not able to match that because she had fainted! I stayed inserted into Ann until my cock had shrunk back to its limp condition. I didn't want to give everything away to Juanita.

I rolled off of Ann and let Juanita get a good view of my limp cock as it was coated with our juices. I looked her square in the eye and asked, "Juanita, my dear, are you ready for your turn?"

I thought Juanita was going to faint when I said that.

By the time we got Ann moved to a safer part of the bed, Juanita had recovered her equanimity and was ready for anything, she thought. She said, "Master, I don't need any foreplay, but I will give you my version of a blowjob if you would like."

"Okay, that sounds like a good idea. Do you want me to wipe myself off before you take me in your mouth?"

"No, Master, I would be honored to taste you and Ann just the way you are. However, I must warn you that I am not nearly as experienced as your other women, so you may be disappointed with me."

"Oh, don't worry about that, Juanita. I will never be disappointed in any woman who is doing something so delightful for me."

Juanita had me lie back on the bed and she crawled over to take my somewhat slimy cock into her mouth. I didn't know at the time how good an actress she was, but she seemed to savor the taste of the fluids that she licked off my cock. Her tongue work felt so good that I didn't pay any attention to anything else as she licked me from base to tip. I started to harden under her ministrations and I was soon back to my nominal six-inch size. She wrapped her lips around my cock and took as much of it into her mouth as she could without having any of it go down her throat. By the time she finished, I had a very good, but standard, blowjob. Juanita never promised to deep throat me, so I had nothing to complain about.

She did swallow all that I ejaculated into her mouth, so she had passed all of the tests so far. Now was the time that would prove whether or not she was really what I wanted her to be. The first thing I did was rub my fingernails along her pussy lips, and she exploded into an orgasm that would do anybody proud. Not only that, she managed to last longer than Ann did with her cum under the same circumstances. I am not sure what that meant, but there it was.

Juanita was another woman who had her cunt hole placed so near her ass that I had to put her legs on my shoulders to make it easy to reach her hole. Once we had solved that problem, I ran into something that was almost entirely outside my experience: Juanita was a virgin! This was not the first time that I had encountered a cherry, and, of course, not the first time I had seen one. Something over a year ago, I had put off fucking Sally and Hazel because they still were virgins, and I was somewhat confused as to how to proceed.

"Juanita, I had no idea that you were still a virgin. Are you sure that you want me to penetrate you. You do realize that you will never be able to repeat your first time, so give the matter careful thought before we continue."

"Don't let my virginity stop you, Master. I just have not met a man I wanted to give myself to so completely, but you are that man. Please take my virginity so that I can at last find out what the other girls have said that I have been missing."

"Okay, I just wanted to make sure that you realized what you were asking for. If you really want me to, I am prepared to take your virginity."

"Yes, Master, please make me a complete woman. I have waited so long for this moment!"
Chapter 11
Home | Top | aubie56's Page |   Feedback to author


 
Home | aubie56's Page « A Fantastic Ring Index « Previous
Chapter 11
Posted: May 25, 2012 - 10:40:29 am

Okay, if that was what she wanted, I was certainly ready to accommodate her. I had her hold her pussy lips open while I pressed my cock head against her hymen. I pushed steadily in until I felt it rupture. Her cherry tore in one quick motion, so the pain did not drag out. Juanita did groan for a moment, but she was ready for me to continue in short order.

I suppose it was the preliminary orgasm caused by my finger action, but, whatever it was, she seemed to be fully lubricated. My cock was the smallest in diameter as it ever gets, so it did not have any trouble slipping into the depths of her tunnel of love. I pushed in until I bumped against her clit, and she reacted to that with pleasure, so I figured that she must be ready for fucking.

I said to Juanita, "I have an unusual ability which I will illustrate now. Since you were a virgin, you would not know what it was like to fuck an ordinary man, so I will give you a few strokes with my present condition." I stroked slowly at first to make sure that she was ready for a full scale fucking. She seemed to take four slow strokes without difficulty so I sped up to let her feel what a normal fucking would feel like. I gave her 10 strokes with my cock at its normal size, then I stopped. I warned her that she would feel something change, but it would not be painful.

I held still and commanded my ring to increase the size of my cock to fill Juanita's vagina. She squealed as she felt me penetrate her farther and swell to fill her diameter. Now, I gave her two slow strokes to get the feeling of my enlarged cock before I resumed my normal stroke rate. This time, she started to rise to a climax so fast that I was almost caught by surprise. Juanita had her first cum caused by fucking, and she was totally overcome by the feeling. Juanita fainted, and I paused to let her recover.

That was the last time she fainted in this fucking cycle, but she was really hit by major climaxes all five times she came. Her last climax occurred at the same time mine did, and I thought that my ring had timed it perfectly. I guess that I had made one Hell of an impression because she grabbed me and held on when I tried to pull out of her cunt.

"Master, that was wonderful! I didn't know that sex could feel so good. Please say that you will keep me. I'll be your slave for life if you will only agree to fuck me like that once in a while."

"Yes, Juanita, I would like to keep you, but as my concubine and not as my sex slave. The girls agree that, if you truly want it, you are welcome to join us. The only roadblock to complete integration into our group is how you will work things out with your parents. You must realize that I will never marry you, but I will never throw you out if you do become my concubine. The choice is yours, but I do hope that you choose to join us."

"Oh, yes, Master. I am yours forever, starting right now. I am only 17, so I am not yet a full adult. I am not sure just how I can get my parents to see it my way, but I will start working on them the moment that I see them again. In five months, I will have my 18th birthday, and then I can legally leave them. Are you sure that your parents will accept me when I do join you?"

"Certainly, that has already been decided. It is all up to you and how you can arrange things with your family. Please, just talk to them amiably and don't alienate them. You will undoubtedly want them with you at certain times in your life."

"Yes, Master, I will do as you say. What about children. I am on the Pill, but will I ever be allowed to have your baby?"

"I can't answer that right now, my Dear. So many things are up in the air that none of us knows what to expect from the future. All we are looking for right now is to be happy together. Anything else will just have to wait."

Juanita bowed her head for a moment, then she leaned over to clean off my cock with her mouth. To me, that was a sign of true devotion. When I was cleaned to Juanita's satisfaction, I was hard again. I turned to Sally and asked, "Who is next on the list. I am ready for my next lover."

By the time the evening was over, I had serviced all five of my harem, and I was not even a little bit jaded from the experience. I could easily have handled more women if they and time had been available. My ring was doing a wonderful job of making me a true stud who could handle woman after woman. The one thing that amazed me the most was that I would have been satisfied if I had only one woman to fuck, instead of the five that I had on hand. I wasn't sure of what changes the ring had made in my libido, but I sure was happy with the results!

The next morning, I beat Mary out of bed. Of course, she was not expected to get up early on the weekend, but sometimes she did just so that we could have some time together to talk without the rest of the family being there. She did a lot during those talks to help me understand how my women were feeling about me. So far, the word was that I was doing more than enough to keep them sexually and emotionally satisfied, and that was what I most wanted to do. Those talks with Mary really made me feel good because I could believe what she told me without having to filter it through a lot of teenaged angst.

This morning, as usual when Mary was not there to do the work, I fixed myself a full breakfast and enjoyed it at my leisure. When I finished eating and cleaning up after myself, I went into the family room to watch the TV news on HLN or CNN. I was not up to Fox on a regular basis. Their "news" always seemed to have a political bias to it that just did not fit in with my beliefs, so I stayed away from them.

HLN and CNN were not completely free of political bias, but it did not rub me the wrong way, so I was more comfortable with them. I guess I was a liberal who leaned toward the center, or maybe that was vice versa. My age probably had something to do with that. Truthfully, CSPAN was boring as Hell, and I generally stayed away from them for that reason. That shows that even a budding politician can be bored by politics.

This was a quiet weekend, and I spent a lot of time with Juanita. I had serious plans for her if she did join us, and I fucked her three more times before she left to return home late on Sunday afternoon. Sex was my main weapon at this point, and I made every opportunity to bring it to bear. That woman was thoroughly fucked out by the time she was ready to leave. Actually, she did not want to leave, but I insisted that she had to treat her parents fairly.

The whole family agreed that we would accept her moving in with us if she got her parents' permission, but we were not going to "kidnap" her away from them. I reminded her that marriage was not an option, and, if marriage was a requirement, she would have to find another man. Juanita insisted that she wanted to be my concubine, so I left it at that. It was up to her to sell the idea to her parents.

Monday, at school, we found that Juanita had been doing a lot of crying after she left us. Some of it was because she missed being with us, but some of it was that she had told her parents what had gone on while she was with us, including the sex, and they had reacted as parents normally would. They ordered her to stay away from us, but that could not be enforced, so it was left hanging as an open wound on both sides. We didn't know how this was going to work out, but we did offer Juanita what support we could while she was at school.

By Wednesday, Juanita reported that her mother had started to come around. She could see how unhappy Juanita was, and had agreed to talk some more about the situation to Juanita's father. Juanita was optimistic because her mother usually got her way in the long run. We settled back to watchful waiting, and I did help Juanita through her troubles by scratching my fingernails on her bare pussy lips when she really got depressed.

Meanwhile, I found another project to lend my influence toward in the City Council. Dothan was still segregated in housing. This was a de facto situation because the Black population did not have the resources to move en mass to White neighborhoods when segregation officially ended. Of course, the population in the newer neighborhoods was beginning to mix as the affluent Blacks bought housing in the formally all-White sections of town.

Nevertheless, much of the formerly all-Black neighborhoods stayed that way, and they were dependent on public transportation to get to work and to recreational opportunities. School buses served the children, and that was not nearly the problem that faced the older Blacks or any of them over the weekends. The Mayor had put pressure on all of the city departments to cut costs, and it happened that the department responsible for public transportation was the most obvious first target.

It helped the Mayor's cause that the head of the Transportation Department was an old and unreconstructed segregationist who was really pissed off at the social progress that Blacks were making. He decided that he could contribute to the Mayor's goal of reducing costs by cutting back on the bus service in the Black neighborhoods. Literally, he was correct that this would be the easiest place to cut costs, but it also would assuage some of the hate he felt toward Blacks in general. The Mayor thought that this was great because it would save a significant amount of money, and few Blacks voted for him, anyway.

The bill was introduced through the Ways and Means Committee, of which I was not a regular member. This was considered to be the most important committee within the City Council, and every councilman wanted to be a member. However, by some quirk in the bylaws, the membership on this committee was limited in number, and the committee chairman had the final say so on who served on his committee.

Therefore, it was not surprising that I was not a member of the Ways and Means Committee, and I was even barred from attending the meetings because "sensitive" matters, such as pay rates and union contracts were almost always on the agenda. In fact, all non-members were barred from the meetings, so none of the people outside the inner circle really knew what went on at those meetings.

Of course, that policy violated democratic principles and actually was against State law, but nobody had complained before, so they got away with it. However, I heard about it through comments made at the high school by the grandson of the head of the Transportation Dept. Needless to say, I hit the ceiling when I heard of this blunder by the Mayor and his minions. I immediately went into combat mode and contacted Rachel Anderson to find out what she knew about the bill.

Of course, Rachel knew nothing about it, but she did not hesitate to contact her editor. He bumped the question up his chain of command, and a week later, the word came down that Rachel should keep her nose out of such matters! That pissed off the editor and pissed off Rachel, so an explosion was imminent at the Dothan Eagle. The only way that Rachel could counteract this maneuver was to talk quietly to the head of the union at the newspaper.

He, too, went ballistic when he heard what was going on. The majority of the workers that actually printed the newspaper were Black, so a union meeting was called and the vote carried almost unanimously that there would be a strike of production workers if Rachel was not allowed to investigate the allegations. The vast majority of the union members depended on the buses to get to and from work, so this was a very important issue to them. Thus, it was an important issue to the publisher—his source of income would stop with a jolt if the printers went on strike. By the next morning, Rachel was told that she was free to investigate anything that she wanted to!

There was only a few minutes delay before Rachel called the high school to ask them to page me to the telephone. We were "not allowed" to have cellphones at school, though most kids did have them. I kept mine in my locker, and none of the staff hassled me. In any case, I was very happy to be paged, "Mr. Watkins is wanted in the office for an important telephone call." I was dismissed from English class and hurried to the office.

The first thing that Rachel said was, "This is our big break. When can I meet you for an extended on-the-record interview?"

Fully conscious of my unusual position as a councilman, I was certain that I could leave school for such a reason anytime I was called. I told Rachel that I would meet her in front of the school in 10 minutes. I wanted to take the time to tell one of my girls that I would not be riding home with them after school.

Rachel picked me up on schedule, and we went to a coffee house that had private rooms where we could talk without being interrupted or overheard.

First of all, Rachel and I compared notes on what we knew. It turned out that I knew a little more than her, but very little. We thrashed the subject around for a while and decided that the only way we could break the silence of the Old Guard on the City Council was to challenge their closed door policy at their meetings of the Ways and Means Committee. This was illegal in Alabama State law, so, as a first action, I would try to enter the meeting and allow myself to be rebuffed. That would be the opening salvo of our assault on the Old Guard.

Once I was rebuffed from the meeting, I could call for a lawyer to sue the City of Dothan for violation of the current state law. That was hard news that Rachel could report in her paper, and would get us the initial attention that we wanted.

If, by some chance, I was allowed into the meeting, I would demand as a bona fide Councilman to be allowed to see a list of the pending bills and the committee records on how these bills were being handled. If I got that, then I would have a positive way of knowing whether or not there was any validity to this bus cancellation phase of the bill.

No matter which way the storm broke, I would have a legitimate reason for attending the committee meetings, and I could keep Rachel posted on developments. Actually, I had no doubt about what would happen just because I knew the people of the Old Guard. I expected to be barred from the meeting of the Ways and Means Committee, and I expected that the bill I was interested in would be on the agenda.

The committee chairman could not claim that the committee was meeting in Executive Session every time it met, so that excuse could not be supported. I agreed to the Executive Session meetings being private, but they should only deal with hirings, firings, and salary negotiations. Anything else should be in a meeting open to the public, especially to other Councilmen. That was going to be my challenge in court if we had to go that far.

Dad agreed with me all the way, and he helped me find a good lawyer to back me up. I told the lawyer the situation as I knew it. I said that, right now, I just wanted to be able to attend the meetings of the Ways and Means Committee. If I found that the bus service to the Black neighborhoods was to be cut, that I would fight it in a separate action. That fight would be within the City Council at first, but it would expand to the news media and the courts if that became necessary.

I was not supposed to know about it, but somebody talked too much, and I found out the date, time, and location for the next meeting of the Ways and Means Committee of the Dothan City Council. I showed up in my best suit; Mom was worried to death because it was especially tailored and had cost over $450. As you can tell, I wanted to make a good impression when I appeared on the front page of the Eagle and on TV news.

Yes, I invited Rachel there to witness what happened when I tried to get into the meeting, and I had invited the two local TV outlets to send cameras and reporters for when I faced the Old Guard. Of course, my lawyer was also along, and it was quite a circus!

There was a guard at the door who only admitted people who were on a list supplied by the committee chairman. I stated my case to the guard at the door, but he refused to let me in. He even got a little carried away when I refused to walk away at his order, so he grabbed me and pushed me to the floor. I had instructed my ring to permit that so that we could get it on film and tape.

I hope that I did not overact too much when I fell, but Mom was very upset when she saw what happened to my suit jacket—it was smudged and a seam was torn. She was ready to physically attack that guard, but Dad managed to calm her down by saying that the coat would be replaced after the lawsuit for battery.

That was all that we needed for this round of the battle, so I left the City Hall in simulated high dudgeon. That, too, was recorded on film and tape, and I gave a short statement to the media and the bystanders about how I was not going to let this attack on my civil rights or on my physical self go unopposed. An aid to the Mayor overheard me talking, and I saw him blanch. He could tell that this was the first step in unseating the Mayor, and I was likely to be the major candidate.

Being the Mayor of Dothan was a big deal only if you were the Mayor of Dothan. Dothan was a sprawl of a city with a population of around 75,000. That was big for South Alabama, but it did not get close to the really major cities like Birmingham, etc. Nevertheless, it was a good place to launch a political career, and the job did pay pretty well. Anyway, Mayors of Dothan had been known to fight tooth and nail to keep their office. I knew that I was in for a battle.

What I didn't know was that it was going to be a physical battle. My first hint of that came on the Thursday of the week following the fiasco at City Hall. My story and picture had been all over the news media. Rachel had four full days in which her column graced the front page of the Eagle, an I was on local TV news for two days. The picture of me sprawled on the floor at City Hall even made news in other parts of the state. I thought that my acting was superb, but Dad laughed at me. Oh, well, everybody is a critic!

I now had two lawsuits going: one to get me entered to the committee meetings and a second one to recover damages to my clothing. The way the lawyers were stalling, I didn't know which one would be settled first. I was more interested in the political case, but Mom was more interested in having the damage to my expensive suit paid for. Mom could agree with my civil rights point in the abstract, but she had supervised the making of the suit, and she was taking that personally!

My harem was hard at work trying to think of ways to help me in both court cases, but none of them could think of anything that they could do. I found that a relief, especially after I met my first political goon squad. I had made a run to the barber shop one afternoon, and I was met by four very tough looking men as I exited the business. This was at a small strip mall, so there were no witnesses.

I had walked toward my car, and was not thinking about anything in particular when the four men approached me. These were obviously professionals because they knew what they were about. Two were in front of me and two were behind me. The first thing I knew of the attack was when a fist smashed into my back over my right kidney.

As usual, my ring was taking care of me, and that first attacker suffered a broken hand from his blow. I shudder to think what my back would have felt like if I had not been protected. My attacker was wearing the classic brass knuckles, and that one blow would probably have put me into the hospital for some time.

However, that was not the only blow aimed in my direction. Moments after that blow struck, one of the men in front of me aimed a fist at my face. This fist was also equipped with brass knuckles, and that blow might have been fatal. However, I saw it coming. I was able to grab the fist of that man, and let me tell you, it was like grabbing an oversize grapefruit. I had no idea that hands could get that big! However, my grip was up to the task. I pulled hard on the offending hand and gave it a sharp twist. The result was broken bones in the forearm, and I think that his wrist sustained additional damage in the tendons and cartilage. He wasn't going to be using that hand and arm for a while!

The other man behind me aimed a kick at my left knee. Fortunately for me, there was no give in my leg: it was like kicking a concrete post. I don't know how many bones in the man's foot were broken, but he was laid out on the ground moaning in pain. I could see that his ankle was twisted at a very odd angle.

The fourth man tried to land a punch to my breastbone. I suspect that was intended to do severe harm to my heart. Well, his hand did not survive that attempt, either. I now had four men writhing in pain on the ground, and everything had happened so fast that I was not sure of the cause of the trouble.

My barber rushed out of his shop carrying a baseball bat. I doubted that he could have done much good against these pros, but I did appreciate his thought. He apologized for being late in getting to me, but he had not seen the start of the attack. I did not have to call 911 because the other barber in the shop was in the process of doing that. This barber did me the favor of standing guard over the fallen thugs while I called home to say that I would be late for supper.

A cop showed up pretty soon and called for backup and medical assistance. I gave him a statement that was more-or-less true, and he was satisfied. The two barbers lauded me in their depositions, and I thanked them profusely for their assistance. They had not done anything, much, but I was recruiting a couple of voters, so I laid it on pretty thick. They felt good about what they thought they had done, and I figured that I had gained two lifetime supporters. Once a politician—always a politician!

That night, my harem made a special effort on my behalf, and I assured them that their efforts were appreciated. Hazel, Sally, and Mary all made an effort at deep throat, and all were successful enough to call it a remarkable achievement. We ran a little late that night, but what the Hell? Fun was had by all, and we could catch up on our sleep on Saturday.

Finally, a court date was set for the civil rights action. This was a preliminary meeting to make sure that I was really going through with my lawsuit. My lawyer told them in no uncertain polite legal terms that I damned sure was, and they had better straighten out their act if they didn't want me to push this as far as necessary to win my case.

After the court meeting, I was practically begged by the Mayor to drop my lawsuit, but I refused. I said that, one way or another, I was determined to have my civil rights respected. He was shaken by that, but he wandered away, mumbling to himself.
Chapter 12
Home | Top | aubie56's Page |   Feedback to author


 
Home | aubie56's Page « A Fantastic Ring Index « Previous
Chapter 12
Posted: May 29, 2012 - 11:09:38 am

The next day, Sally and I walked out of the house toward the driveway. I was driving to the store for enough ice cream for the whole family, and Sally was going along to make sure that I got some of her favorite flavor: spumoni.

We had taken only a few steps off the veranda when a car came whizzing down the street. The passenger window was open and I spotted a gun barrel poking out. This may have been a drive-by shooting and it may have been something else, but I was terrified that Sally would be shot! I dove at her and knocked her to the ground just as a double load of shotgun pellets smashed into me. The car kept on going, and I never had a chance to get a good look at the license plate.

My body caught all of the shot headed our way, and Sally was not injured. I wasn't either, but my shirt was ruined from all of the holes punched in it by the buckshot. My ring's protection extended to buckshot, apparently, because I was not even bruised by the pellets that hit me. A few hung in my shirt and there were more on the ground around me. I had been shot with #00 buckshot by somebody who knew what he was doing. Without my ring, I would be dead, or, at least, in the hospital for a very long time.

Sally was practically a basket case of tears and nervous shakes. I had to carry her inside. The whole family traipsed up to the bedroom behind me where I lay Sally on the bed. The damage to my shirt was obvious, and there was no way I was going to wiggle out of telling the truth about what happened.

Dad opened the show by saying, "I have known for some time that you have had an especially active guardian angel, but this looks to be more than that. Come on and give us an explanation, and don't try to fast talk your way out of a complete story."

"Okay, Dad, you are right. I have a very personal and active guardian, but it is no angel. Take a look at that ring that I found nearly two years ago and still wear. In fact, I could not get it off my finger if I wanted to. For practical purposes, that ring has become a part of me!

"I have no idea how it works, so I just tell myself that it is magic, and I don't worry any further about it. The ring is dedicated to serving me, and it works in a multitude of ways. One thing it does, and y'all have just seen an example, is that it makes my skin impervious to injury. So far, every attempt to penetrate my skin has ended in failure. Those fights where I was attacked by wooden bats were stopped by my skin acting as body armor. Knives can't cut me, and neither can buckshot.

"I have no idea what regular bullets would do, and I am not going to experiment to find out. I certainly don't intend to shoot myself with various guns just to see what the bullets can do to me. As far as I am concerned, I will dodge when I can and take my chances otherwise.

"Another thing that the ring has done for me it to make my sex life a Hell of a lot more interesting, both for me and for my partners. If you wish, I will give you the specific details, but I think that my girls would be embarrassed if I did. Therefore, I will stop there with that comment unless you insist.

"The other significant thing that the ring has done for me it to increase my brain power. I can now read a 500-page book in less than two hours and remember virtually everything that I read. An interesting result of that is that I can split my attention among several topics at the same time. For example, I can sit in the classroom and listen to the teacher drone on and keep up with the lecture. Also, I can read a book on an entirely different subject, and I can think about other things, all at the same time. I have kept my secret in school, but I may be eventually found out.

"That's a synopsis of my abilities to date, but I have just recently thought about working on ESP and some other things. Okay, does anybody have any questions?"

There was a complete silence as I asked that. I had not expected any questions at that time, but I was pretty sure that some would come along when they had a chance to think about the ramifications of what I had said. And, yes, I had deliberately not mentioned the effects of my aura because I did not want them to think that I was trying to influence them any more than any teen tries to control his parents.

"Oh, by the way, please don't mention this to anybody. I don't want to be treated as a freak, even if I am one."

Dad asked, "Can your ring do any of that for the rest of us?"

"No, I'm afraid not. The effect is limited to the person wearing the ring. I wish that I could enhance all of you, but there seems to be no way that can happen. Maybe, if I can get ESP and other paranormal powers to work, then I can enhance you, but don't count on it."

"Okay, Son, we'll just muddle through our lives as ordinary folks. But, if you ever get that far, please keep me in mind for enhancement."

"Right, Dad. You will be one of the first ones on my list, and so will the rest of y'all."

Dad started to turn away, and I said, "Dad, can I talk to you for a few minutes? Something is bothering me, and you may be able to help."

"Sure, come on to my office. We can be comfortable there, and you can feel free to talk about anything you wish.

"Dad, I don't think that was just a random drive-by shooting. For one thing, it was just too professional. I am having trouble figuring out who is trying to kill me. Do you have any ideas?"

"Well, assuming that it was a professional job, who do you have as an enemy who is rich enough to afford it. Frankly, I can't think of a single person whom I can call a name for. As far as I know, your only rich enemies are the Old Guard on the City Council and a few of their cronies. The problem is, I can't figure out why they would want you dead, unless it is to stop you from pushing your way onto the Ways and Means Committee.

"If that is the reason behind trying to kill you, or, at least, scaring you off, the next question has to be what they are trying to hide at those committee meetings. The only way we are going to find that out, probably, is to keep pushing until you win your case."

"You must be right, but I don't know of anything else that they would want to keep secret. If they were taking big bribes from somebody, then they would want to keep that quiet, but why would anyone be foolish enough to try to bribe the low grade politicians who live in Dothan?"

"Bill, I have no answer to that question. I think that you are going to have to be the one to answer it. You are in a good position to hear what is going on in the various committees, and you have some contacts, Rachel Anderson for example, who can help you. I suggest that you confide in Rachel and see what she can dig up. She might know something without realizing it."

"Thanks, Dad. That is a great idea. I knew that you would be able to help me out."

This was the weekend, but I had Rachel's cellphone number, so I decided to call her before something made me forget. It rang for the maximum number of times before I got switched to the answering device. "Rachel, this is Bill Watkins. Something serious has just happened. Somebody has tried to murder me and make it look like a drive-by shooting. No, I did not call the cops. I tell you why when we can talk privately. Please call me back at either my home or my cellphone number. I'm waiting for you."

I heard back from Rachel in less than 10 minutes. She didn't say anything to explain it, but I could tell that she was breathing hard. I assumed that she and her husband had been doing some family exercise. That was none of my business, so I didn't mention it. I described the shooting and said, "Dad suggested that I discuss the matter with you. When are you available?"

"Bill, I'll be by to pick you up in about 40 minutes. We can go to our favorite coffee shop, unless you have a better idea."

"No, that's fine. I'll see you then. Goodbye."

Rachel was true to her word, and she picked me up in front of my house. This time, I looked carefully before I went outside. I didn't want any more shooting in my neighborhood. She drove to the coffee house and we requested one of the small meeting rooms. We were both well known there, so there was no problem with the management letting us do what we wanted.

As soon as we sat down, Rachel wanted to know the details about the shooting. I told her everything I knew, including a description of the car. One of the side effects of my mind expansion is that I have a perfect memory and never forget anything. While I was waiting for Rachel to pick me up, I ran the shooting through my brain and now had a detailed description of the car and even the license plate number. Fortunately, Alabama still keys the license plates to the issuing county, so I saw that the car was registered in Houston County, this one. That would make it much easier for her to trace.

Rachel could do that without raising too much suspicion, and I was glad to give that part of the investigation to her. Meanwhile, I now knew exactly what the shooter looked like, and I had a pretty good idea of the driver's face, though it had been in too much shadow for any detail to show up. Both were White, but that was no surprise.

The real question was why somebody would be after me. The only thing that we could come up with was that it was somehow related to the City Council lawsuit. I could not come up with a logical reason for that to be true, but we quickly eliminated all of the other possibilities, and that one was left. Sherlock Holmes would have been proud of us!

At that point, we were out of ideas and started brainstorming. Rachel suggested that the root of the problem might be that I was moving in on somebody else's territory. Just as some animals are very territorial, so are many politicians. Maybe somebody was pissed off at me for moving in on his political territory, and he was making an irrational try to push me away.

That could certainly describe some of the Old Guard. They would not take lightly to the threat that a high school whippersnapper was going to muscle in on them. The very irrationality of their reaction certainly pointed in that direction.

Okay, suppose that was the root cause of the antagonism toward me. Granting that did not explain where the muscle was coming from. We wildly speculated further, and I came up with the idea that one or more of the Old Guard was involved in an illegal gang-style operation, and he was calling on some of the men from that group to lean on me.

Both of us agreed that I had come up with a pretty wild speculation, but it did explain all of the facts that we had at our disposal. Moonshining (producing and selling illegal liquor) was still the major drug activity in this part of the South. Some people drank moonshine because they liked it, and some people drank moonshine because it was a way to stick a finger in The Man's eye. In any case, it was a big business in Houston County, and no amount of effort had been able to stop it for very long.

Houston County borders on the Chattahoochee River, and the swamps over there were the ideal place to brew moonshine. Legitimate businesses also operated in the area, so heavy truck and automobile traffic were fairly common on those back roads. Thus it was easy to haul raw materials in and finished product out without tipping off the Feds (Alcohol, Tobacco, and Firearms). It was easy to conceive of one or more of the Old Guard having a hand it such an operation. As I thought about it, I could see that some of the politicians did seem to spend more money than their legitimate businesses justified.

Okay, we now had a working hypothesis, but what were we going to do with it? I announced to Rachel that I had suddenly become very interested in taking a look at those swamps to see what I could find. Rachel reacted with horror! She rightly pointed out that I was considering doing something very dangerous, bordering on the suicidal. I assured her that I would be okay, but she was too concerned for me to be willing to work with me on this.

I had now reached the point where I had to trust Rachel with part of my secret. "Rachel, did you ever wonder how I was able to survive those attacks in school and the one today? Well, let me demonstrate." I took my pocked knife from my pocket and opened it. Rachel did not pay much attention until I suddenly lay my left hand on the table and stabbed at the palm with the knife.

She was horrified as the knife came down on my bare hand, but she was as puzzled as anyone would have been when the knife did not penetrate. "Rachel, what would have happened if I had done that same thing to your hand?"

"Oh my God, my hand would have been pinned to the table by the knife blade passing through it. How did you do that? Was it some sort of stage-magician's trick?"

"Absolutely not! Here, look at this." I took my wallet out of my pocket and laid it over my hand. I stabbed again, and the knife penetrated the wallet until it got to my hand, where it abruptly stopped moving. Rachel was still not convinced, so I handed her the knife. "Okay, you Doubting Thomasina, you try to stab me and see what happens, or, rather, does not happen."

Rachel flatly refused to try the experiment until I threatened to try to stab myself in the eye. She could tell by looking at me that I was serious, so she agreed to the test. Naturally, she paused just before she struck my hand, so I slapped her fist holding the knife down as hard as I could. This time, the knife blade was moving fast when it got to my palm, but there was no penetration. I think that Rachel almost fainted when that happened.

I told her how my skin was just too hard to be penetrated by the knife blade. I asked her how she thought that I had survived being hit by 18 buckshot earlier today. I guess that question woke her up to the truth of the matter. She listened when I told her that was the reason I did not report the incident to the cops—I was not ready to go public with my ability. I also told her that I probably never would be. I could see the reporter in her struggling with that comment, but she did agree not to mention my imperviousness in her column.

We decided to split our forces: Rachel would trace the license plate, and I would see what I could find in the swamps. I didn't tell her how I planned to do that because I didn't want to scare her any more than she already was. We discussed a lot of things related to our investigation, but we really did not get any farther with it.

Rachel dropped me off at home after promising to start on that license plate trace tomorrow morning when the necessary county offices were open. She was well known to be nosing around the county offices because she often went there to verify some detail of her column before giving it to her editor. This would make a very convenient excuse for digging up practically any information that she wanted.

That afternoon before supper, I laid out a plan for my ring to consider and to critique in a dream tonight. Roughly, the plan was for me to drive to the most likely swampy area and wander around on foot looking for a still. They were most easily identified by the smell, so I asked if the ring could upgrade my sense of smell and how long it would take. I had several other questions, but that was my major concern. I intended to start my search Monday afternoon after school.

Well, I was partly shot down by my ring. It reported that it could upgrade my sense of smell, but it would take from three days to a week, depending on how far I wanted to go. Therefore, it recommended that I delay my search until my nose could be "fixed." That was such a sensible idea that I had to go along.

Meanwhile, I did tell Dad the details of my plan. I wanted him to know just in case something did go wrong. I was certain that I was in no real danger, but unexpected things could happen, so I wanted some backup, just in case. There was a deadline, but it was not too bad. Mom was going with Dad to Singapore, but they were going to hang around until after Sally's graduation ceremony. She was a Senior this year, and she set a lot of store behind her graduation. Well, we all did, and we wanted it to be memorable for Sally. The graduation was 10 weeks away, and I should have finished my investigation by then.

As usual for a teenaged kid, even one as mature as I had become, I was thinking of wearing a gillie-suit when I went out to the swamp. I had a real jazzy one planned which would have taken weeks or months to fabricate if my ring had not come up with a much better idea: I went nude! I certainly did not need clothes for protection, not even for my feet.

A snake that tried to bite me would have broken its fangs, and a mosquito would not have penetrated a single layer of cells on my skin. My ring could provide me with a mottled and splotched skin color that would change as necessity demanded, so that was all of the camouflaging that I needed or could use. I didn't even need a jock strap because my cock and balls were just as impervious as any other part of my body.

The more I thought about this, the more I liked it. If anybody did see me, they would think that they were seeing a manifestation of "Bigfoot of the Swamps." The more I thought of that, the funnier it got. When I told my harem about what I planned to do, they demanded to see what I meant, and that precipitated a tremendous laughing fit among the girls. Ah, yes, my ring really put on a show with the dazzle paint job. I figured that if they were convinced, then I was in good shape to carry out my plan.

I spent Tuesday practicing with my new sense of smell. In school, I had to tune it down a long way. The perfumes and other odors coming from the female contingent were absolutely overpowering! I could tell from the hint of odor which girls were in the middle of their menstruation, and I had to avoid them to keep from getting sick. Definitely, I was going to have to get a fine control over my new sense of smell.

While it was about the job of improving my smelling sense, my ring did the same for my other senses. It was fantastic! I could step on a coin barefooted and tell you whether it was heads or tails up just by the feel. I could hear whispers from 100 feet away. My vision was improved so much that I could see in almost total darkness, and I could see well into the infra-red and the ultra-violet. The only sense that was not tampered with was my sense of taste, except as it was affected by my enhanced sense of smell. Hell, I had become a superhero without meaning to!

I made my first foray into the swamps near the Chattahoochee River on Wednesday afternoon. I drove while wearing the absolute minimum of clothes just in case I had to contact another person, but that didn't happen. I knew where I was going, and this was just a trial run to check for unexpected hitches and bugs in my outfit.

Once I was deep in the swamp, I stripped and went hunting. My ring had taught my body how to act so that I could move stealthily through the swamp, much as it had taught me how to fight. It was amazing to me that I knew exactly how to act and what to do without having to go through extensive training. My ring had multiple centuries of experience with previous owners, so it knew all of the tricks of the trade.

I didn't just wander around, but did an organized search on a grid pattern. I did not find any active stills, but I did find two that had been out of business for a number of years. I found them by my sense of smell. I was amazed at how long the distinctive odor of "mash" could hang around. I only stayed about two hours on this hunt because I wanted to get back in time for supper and to find out who the car belonged to. Rachel had said that she should have that data by this afternoon, and she would call me on my cellphone.

Rachel called me after supper and reported that the car was registered to a Clifton Arthur Askew of Ashford. However, she checked, and there was no such person living in that town. Okay, we didn't have a useful name, but we did know now that there was a significant conspiracy afoot. Furthermore, the car described on the registration form did not look anything like the one that was involved in the shooting at me, so she had a lot more detective work to do. I warned her to be careful, and that ended our conversation.

That night, I was not the least bit tired after servicing the three permanent residents of my harem. I asked my ring about that, and I learned from a dream that all of my physical attributes had been upgraded to the point that I had all of the strength and stamina that was possible without turning me into something that was not completely human. My ring asked if I wanted to go farther with the transformation, and I declined at this stage.

By the way, my ring was now trying to give me some semblance of TK (telekinesis). That was going to take a while, so I should not expect any quick results. Damn, I wondered just how far my ring could go with enhancing me!

Rachel was not having much luck in finding that car involved in the drive-by shooting. We were wondering if it was brought in from another county, or even another state. We talked about it, and she decided to forget the car and see what sort of dirt she could dig up on members of the Old Guard. One thing she found without much digging was that three of them had been members of the KKK. That was now old news, and probably would not resonate even among the Blacks in Dothan. A lot of politicians had been KKK members just for the extra votes that they might pick up.

I was into my third week of searching the swamps for stills, and I was about ready to give up. Oh, wandering around like I was doing was fun to some extent; I felt like Tarzan or maybe Rambo, but I needed to get something positive from my efforts pretty soon. Frankly, I was getting bored with not finding anything.

Meanwhile, the court case on the violation of my civil rights was stalled in limbo while the lawyers fought over every little detail: the position of a comma was good for a few day's delay. My lawyer had warned me that this was probably going to happen, and I asked if we could move into Federal Court and away from these petty politicians and their cronies.

My lawyer said that he would try threatening the locals with that to see what would happen, but I had to be prepared to follow through if it went that far. I assured him that I would go as far as necessary to win my case, so he agreed to apply some pressure to try to get things moving.

The other case of battery against that overzealous guard had finally got to court, and I won. I did get the money to replace my suit jacket and pay the expenses of the case, and Mom was happy on principle. The guard did get 30 days on probation, but I had already lost interest in the case. He was just lint on the blanket of my concerns, so I didn't pay much more attention to him.

I was still going out to the swamps, but I had covered almost all of the likely places for a still. Then I kicked myself when it dawned on me that I was just looking where the Feds had been looking all along. If the Feds had not found them, then they had to be in an unlikely place!

I changed my search area, and on the second day: BINGO! I found a still by following my nose. It was a big operation, and there were four guards with rifles and nine workers turning out moonshine by the gallon. I was looking for information beyond the pleasure of causing somebody a pain in the pocketbook, so I settled down to see what I could learn by observation. I spent three days at that chore before it really paid off.

It was Saturday afternoon when a car drove up, and who should get out but the Mayor and another member of the Old Guard. It took a moment for me to recognize him, but it turned out that he was the chairman of the Ways and Means Committee. Fortunately, I'd had the foresight to bring along my camera, so I shot dozens of pictures of the two men as they inspected the various parts of the moonshining operation. By the time they left, I was sure that I had enough pictures to prove that they were deeply involved in the illegal operation.

That was what I needed to put these crooks in jail for a few years. The next Monday, I skipped school and drove to the ATF office in Montgomery, the state capitol. I managed to talk my way in to see the man in charge of investigating the moonshining operations in Houston County. I told him who I was, and I showed him some of the pictures that I had taken of the two men at the site of the still.

The man in charge was really pissed off that an amateur had been able to do what his agents had not managed, but he was honest enough to want to break up the illegal operation, no matter who discovered it. I spent nearly four hours with him and some of his agents going over what I had found. I assured him that I was ready to appear in court at any time; all he had to do was to call me. I believed him when he promised me that he would have a task force working on the case by late that afternoon.

It took nearly six months for the Feds to be ready to go to court, but they operated with a BANG when they finally were ready. All on the same day, every member of the Old Guard and some others were arrested and charged with moonshining. There was quite a circus of reporters from places as far away as Birmingham and Atlanta to report on the arraignment. Rachel was installed in the front row, and her column was picked up and printed all over the state. The people of Alabama had a lot of fun with this case, and every member of the Old Guard on the City Council and the Mayor resigned in disgrace. By the way, that killed the push to cut bus service in the Black neighborhoods.
Chapter 13
Home | Top | aubie56's Page |   Feedback to author


 
Home | aubie56's Page « A Fantastic Ring Index « Previous
Chapter 13
Posted: June 01, 2012 - 01:40:52 pm

There was now a political vacuum in Dothan, and I rushed to fill it. I filed the necessary papers to be on the ballot for the new mayor. I had been ready for this, so I was the first one in with the paperwork. That put me at the top of the ballot; and I wanted to use any advantage that I could get. I also had my ring push my aura up to the maximum in attractiveness to both genders, but to try to keep a lid on the sex angle.

I made a TV spot plea for votes mostly because my ring said that my aura would come through over TV. That was worth testing, but it was the most expensive thing I did for the election.

I held another one of my bar-b-cue suppers to let voters see me in person. Dammit, I hoped that everyone who came to the supper was going to vote for me because this was nearly as expensive as the TV spot. Also, my harem electioneered hard for me in the high school, since there were a lot of potential voters who were Seniors. I think that I was the only one who went after the high school vote because the other candidates forgot that so many of the Seniors were 18 years old and eligible to vote.

Anyway, we all worked hard on the campaign and I won. I don't know the exact cause, but I got more votes that all of the other candidates combined. That was gratifying, but now I worried about justifying the trust of that many voters. I truly found out what was so attractive about politics to so many people when I first experienced being called Mr. Mayor and asked for my opinion and approval on so many subjects.

I followed Dad's advice and replaced all of the department heads who had been cronies of the former mayor and the Old Guard. That led to a lot of promotions from within the various departments, and that won me a lot of loyal followers among the city workers. Thank God that I was able to find so many competent people to head the departments because I had very damned little knowledge of the details of running each one. Anyway, after a few weeks of madly scurrying around, I was able to relax and spend my time on general policy matters instead of being buried in details. From this point on, being Mayor was fun!

Well, that idyllic utopia lasted for about five weeks. The largest United Methodist Church in Dothan suddenly was sent a Black pastor. It seemed to me that 90%+ of the members of the church were okay with that, but a few left the church amid all kinds of recriminations. I was not a member of the UMC, so I figured that it was none of my business what they did. HA! The whole town wanted a statement from the Mayor. The loudest side of the argument wanted me to condemn the UMC for the effrontery to the City of Dothan and its historic Confederate heritage.

I almost choked with laughter when I heard that one, but I didn't do it in public. At first, I refused to say anything on the subject, but, in keeping with my nature, I couldn't stay silent forever. In as diplomatic manner as I could manage, I did say that I figured that this was something for the UMC to settle among themselves. I also said that those people who were not members of the UMC should keep their mouths shut!

Well, that caused a real uproar. Mom and Dad were still in Singapore, so I did not have their advice to guide me, and Mary was not the kind who would go against my convictions, The result was that three days after my comments, a gasoline bomb went off in our front yard!

Nobody was hurt, but we all had the shit scared out of us. I did not know what else to do, so I asked for police protection. HA, again! I might be the Mayor, but I was way down on the popularity list of some of the cops on the force. Oh, I got a squad car parked outside my front door 24/7 (24 hours and 7 days per week), but most of the cops brought along reading material and snacks or slept through their assignment.

What the Hell could I do? That kind of guard duty was not what the local cops were trained for or had joined the Police Department to do. Chasing speeders and such was a Hell of a lot more fun, and the cops knew that they would never catch anybody with another bomb at my house. Anyway, after about three weeks, I canceled the guard duty as a waste of money and everybody's time. We didn't relax, but we gave up on getting outside help.

I had even called HS (Homeland Security) in Montgomery to see if they had any ideas about what to do. I talked to someone who seemed to know his way around the HS operations, and he said that there was not much that they could do. Their budget had been cut, along with all of the others, so they didn't have the manpower to look into my case. However, if someone was killed, then they could move in to solve the crime, but there was not much that they could do before that.

My God! That was a shock to hear! There was no way we could be protected, but they would try to solve the case if one of us were killed! I managed to keep my temper in check for the few minutes it took to finish the call, but I exploded after I had hung up the telephone. I was in my office in City Hall at the time, and my secretary came running in to see if I was going to survive. Well, with her help, I did, but it was a close thing!

When I got home, I called a meeting of the entire family, and that included Mary, to discuss how we were going to handle the situation. I didn't want to run, because that would mean that the bomber had won. On the other hand, I didn't want any of my harem harmed in the fallout from my earlier statement. I told them that I was not going to move, but I would do whatever was necessary if any of them wanted to move away from me until this was cleared up. Ann and Juanita had moved in with us, so now I had five women to worry about.

Of course, none of the women were willing to leave, and that did make me feel good, even though I was worried about them. We talked about the things that we might do, and the only solution that we could come up with was for me to investigate on my own. My ring could protect me, so that was not a problem. However, there was a problem in finding enough hours in the day.

I was tied up with high school all morning and part of the afternoon. The rest of the afternoon was spent in my office in City Hall or else out doing the myriad of public appearances and such that the Mayor was supposed to do. That left the evening for my investigations, but there would be no time for sex. None of us wanted that, but Sally came up with a workable solution: I would fuck only one of my concubines each night. That left me some time to investigate at night. I needed very little sleep; in fact, I could go for several days without sleep if I had to, but my ring cautioned me that I still needed about 10-12 hours of sleep per week.

None of us found this a happy solution, but nothing else seemed to present itself. I left it to Sally to set up a schedule for the women, and I would take whatever they came up with.

Meanwhile, I was getting so much flak from all sides that being mayor had lost a lot of its appeal. I refused to back down on my position that there was nothing inherently wrong with having a Black pastor in a mostly White church congregation. The thing that really scared me was a second attempt at assassination. This time, it was simply an attempted hit and run with a large van.

I had worked late one night at my office trying to catch up on some of the things that I had let slide while I was playing detective, and it was already dark when I walked across the parking lot to my car. I had refused a special parking place right by the door, so I always had to park across the lot because I never got to my office before 3:30 PM on school days.

Anyway, I had made it about 50 feet onto the virtually empty parking lot when a large van roared up and struck me dead center with its reinforced front bumper. I guess that my ring had anticipated something like this happening because my skin had been reinforced to the point of being indestructible, and all of my internal organs had the same treatment. The result was that I was thrown about 35 feet through the air, and the front of the van was smashed almost beyond recognition.

Naturally, the air bags in the van deployed. The driver, who was the sole occupant of the vehicle, was stunned and just sat there when the air bags deflated. I picked myself up off the ground and looked around to assess the situation. Seeing no further danger, I trotted over to the van to see what had happened there.

The driver looked like most of the male population of Dothan in that he was dressed in a tee-shirt, jeans, and canvas shoes. The driver was not unconscious, but he was still stunned enough not to be able to think straight, if he ever could. I called 911 for medical help for the driver, but I thought to try to question him while I had him alone. I asked who had put him up to this, and he answered, "Mr. Strango ordered me to run you down."

That was a surprise because I had never heard of anyone in or near Dothan named "Strango." I figured that must be a cover name or else Strango was from out of town. I was not surprised to hear that the driver's name was Billy Joe Harmon. Of course, I did not know him, but that name marked him as a local Redneck.

I did not get any more from Billy Joe before the EMS people arrived. I wondered why the cops were so slow to show up: police headquarters was only two buildings away and shared the same parking lot. The situation was beginning to look more and more frightening. Eventually, a cop did amble from the police building to take a statement from me.

The story I told did not include anything about actually being struck by the van, and, strangely, nobody asked why the front of the van was so totally destroyed. It was a if somebody very high up, higher than me, wanted to hush the whole thing up. The van was towed away, and there was no record of the affair in the police files when I checked later the next day. At first, I attributed that to sloppy clerks and cops who did not know how to type, but there was nothing a week later, so that really made me suspicious.

Having the file missing a week after the incident really shook me up. There had been no news reports on TV or in the Dothan Eagle, so there had to be a significant coverup. Certainly, a report of the mayor being struck by a van would have made the local news under normal circumstances. I asked Rachel Anderson about it, and she said that she was completely ignorant of the incident. That made me even more suspicious, especially when Rachel said the next day that she had checked the police log and had found no mention of the incident.

Obviously, from all of this, I deduced that there was a large scale conspiracy against me. That may had just been a flare up of paranoia, but it sure seemed justified at the time. After the experience with the van, I was confident that my ring could take care of most of my protection needs, but I worried about my women dependents. I might be invulnerable, but they sure weren't!

We discussed the ramifications of the situation and tried to find a way around the obvious problem. Finally, it seemed that the only solution was for me to disappear. If I did disappear, then the implied threat against my women would also vanish.

We spent several hours hashing out how we could make this happen without the women also getting into trouble. We had reached nearly to the end of the school year, so it was decided that I would visit my parents in Singapore for two weeks right after school closed for this session. The plan was that I would tell them what was going on so that they would not think me to be dead, but I would pretend to vanish on my way home. I would leave Singapore only a day or so after arriving and leave the airplane at some intermediate point. My parents would act as if I had decided to stay with them even longer, and I hoped that my enemies, whoever they were, would think that I was safely out of the way.

Actually, I would clandestinely return to Dothan and try to discover who it was who wanted me dead and why. The women would act as if I had not returned and the city government could find another mayor; I would mail in a letter of resignation from Singapore. I planned to hide in my Dothan home and to work from there, going out only at night. My ring agreed with the plan, and that gave me a lot of confidence that it would work. I would simply skip school and give up my political ambitions: this was too important to let anything interfere. A major conspiracy which involved the Dothan Police Department was too big to ignore. No telling where it could grow from there!

For the next 18 days, I was very careful not to provoke another attack, but to act like I was becoming bored with being the mayor of Dothan. I let it be known that I was going to take a vacation as soon as school closed for the summer, and that I planned to visit my parents in Singapore. That did not go over well with the voters, but I had to accept the recriminations if my plan was going to work.

I had a ticket to fly to Atlanta where I would board a jet for my trip to Singapore. We decided not to flaunt my harem in the faces of the public, so Sally was the only one who went to the Dothan Regional Airport to see me off. Dothan was not a stop for a major airline, so I had to take a South Central 737 flight to Atlanta to make my connection.

This plane was pretty damned old, one of the few 737s still flying, but it was air-worthy according to the FAA (Federal Aeronautics Administration), and I did not worry about the age of the airplane. Everything was fine as we took off and began our climb to cruising altitude. This was a middle of the day, middle of the week flight, and I was the only passenger on board. That was not remarkable, so I thought nothing about it.

With only four people on the plane, everything was kind of relaxed. The stewardess got me comfortably seated and assured me that both pilots would stay awake until we landed in Atlanta. I laughed with her, and she sat down for the takeoff. We were about 1,000 feet or so in the air when there was a tremendous explosion! I still had my seatbelt on, and the plane broke in half just in front of my seat.

The sudden change in acceleration pushed me over into what amounted to a fetal position, and my seat and I tumbled from the hulk as it quickly fell to Earth. Somehow, the three crew members survived the crash, but nobody could explain why. Meanwhile, I fell free of the airplane hulk still fastened to my seat.

I fell a few hundred feet and landed in the top of a very tall tree. The seat was sort of rolling as I was dumped from the plane, and the impact was taken by the seat back as it struck the tree limbs. That tree must have been over 100 feet tall, and the breaking limbs helped to cushion my fall. Of course, I would have been killed if my ring had not been busy protecting me.

I came to a stop about 20 feet from the ground. I was still on my back, so I did not fall when I finally released the seatbelt. I had just crossed the Chattahoochee River and was in the swamp on the Georgia side of the river. Well, I considered the swamp my friend, and I was not worried about my safety as long as I was here.

I considered my situation for a few minutes and concluded that this was another assassination attempt. I still did not know why people wanted to kill me, but this was the last straw! I decided to make it look like I had fallen out of my seat and had landed who knew where. I wanted everybody to assume that I had been killed when my body hit the ground if not sooner. Therefore, I summoned my maximum strength and ripped the seatbelt loose on one side to make it look like it had broken loose and let me fall away from the seat.

I had decided to make this trip in as much comfort as possible, so I was wearing a tee-shirt, jeans, and canvas shoes—you know, the typical Southern teenager. This worked perfectly for the rest of my plan. The soft shoes made it much easier to stand on a tree limb without falling than would have been the case with hard soled shoes. Therefore, I was going to be able to travel some distance without touching the ground and leaving a tell-tale footprint. My baggage was lost with the plane, so I did not have anything except what I was currently wearing to bother with. That was an advantage if I decided to hitchhike to get back to Dothan.

I left my tree perch as carefully as I could not to leave a trace of my passage. I did tip the seat so that it fell to the ground. I didn't want anybody climbing the tree to look for my body and happen to see some sign of my escape. I was not sure if the explosion could have been seen from the airport by Sally, but I did want to make contact with her before she had a chance to worry about me. I was sure that the crash would be all over TV very soon, so I had to reach a telephone that I could use to call, but would not be traced to me.

The public pay telephone had long since disappeared, but I hoped to find a place where I could buy a prepaid cellphone that I could use to call home before I destroyed it. Fortunately, the popularity of shopping malls was going to make that an easy job. All I had to do was to escape from the swamp. I didn't know exactly where I was, but I did know that I was in Western Georgia, so all I had to do was to head west until I found the Chattahoochee River and follow it south until I found a bridge. A town with a shopping mall was almost certain to be at one end or the other of the bridge.

I made good time going through the trees about 40 feet off the ground. No logging had been done around here, so the large trees were still present. My increased strength made it easy for me to leap from limb to limb and tree to tree, and I found the river before noon. It took me less than an hour to find a bridge across the river and a town with a mall where I could purchase a cellphone.

I crossed the bridge into Alabama and called home. Mary answered, and she nearly went into hysterics when she heard my voice. They had just heard 20 minutes earlier about the plane crash. Of course, at that point, there was no word about me or the crew, so the women were all sure that I was dead. I spoke to every one of my concubines to reassure them that I would be home by tonight or tomorrow morning. These conversations were kept short because I was in a hurry to destroy the cellphone. I did ask that nobody try to call my parents; my excuse was that they would be asleep in Singapore, and it would be hours before they even heard about the plane crash. That bought me some time, and I crushed the cellphone in my hand. I reduced it to a virtual powder that I scattered to the wind.

I found a service station that was also a local general store. Yes, they still exist in rural Alabama. A few discreet questions told me that I was about 40 miles from Dothan and was already in Houston County. Okay, that got me oriented and I took off for home. I jogged along the side of the road, and I figured that I would not attract too much attention, except that people who saw me would think that I was crazy for running around in the hot sun.

I kept to a speed of about 25 MPH (Miles per Hour) whenever I figured that I would not be seen, but I slowed down to about 5 MPH whenever I thought that I might be seen. I wanted to enter Dothan after dark when I would not be recognized. That meant that I stopped and hid for four hours just outside of town. Once it was dark enough, I resumed my journey at a slow pace and got home at close to midnight.

I entered through the back door so that I would not be seen from the street in case someone drove by. I was not worried about pedestrians. As soon as I entered the house, I was swamped by five women who wanted to hug and kiss me just to make sure that it was really me and not a ghost. That was why I had chosen to enter through the rear. I was afraid that I might not even make it all the way into the house before I was greeted by my wonderful concubines.

I told them the story of what had happened to me on the airplane and after. They all knew by now about my ring's ability to protect me from damage, so they were easier to calm down than one might expect. Every one of them wanted to fuck to celebrate my escape, and I was not tired because of four-hour rest. We adjourned to the bedroom and Sally assigned the order of the fucking. Sally was smart enough to take the last turn; she knew that I would not be hurrying by then, and she would get more attention than the earlier fuckees would get. See, I told you Sally was smarter than the average bear!

We finished the orgy just as the sun was coming up. Mary had been the first turn on the fuck list, so she was sent to the Walmart as soon as it opened to purchase four more prepaid cellphones. I was going to use one to call my parents in Singapore so that they would know that I had survived the plane crash. I also needed to tell them that I would not be visiting Singapore. In fact, I wanted to suggest that they return to Dothan as soon as it could be arranged so that we could keep up the charade of my death. I would promise to give them the full details as soon as they got home.

I called them in Singapore as soon as Mary got back with the cellphones. I caught them as they were leaving their hotel room to do some sightseeing. Dad said that the training sessions had gone so well that he was able to cut short their trip to Singapore and had planned to return with me in about three weeks. The situation could not have been better, and they promised to see us at home in four days.

It took some work, but I got the women to return to their normal routines. It was easy for Mary because she would have continued with her housekeeping duties no matter what happened. However, it was harder on the others as they had to leave the house, sometimes for hours. They just could not bring themselves to relax; however, that was to our advantage since they could claim to be mourning my passing.

The only person outside of my family to whom I revealed my survival was Rachel Anderson. Sally called her on the normal land-line telephone to ask her to come by our house that afternoon. Rachel seemed to be as torn up about my "accident" as any of my concubines, so she had no trouble in agreeing to come by.

When Rachel got to us and I broke the news of my survival, she was completely overcome and fainted. We woke her and calmed her down. She knew about how I was physically protected, but she did not know all of the details, so she was accepting of my survival. Now that I had all of the women I cared about collected in one place, I laid out my general plans to get to the bottom of what was going on and who was trying to kill me.
Chapter 14
Home | Top | aubie56's Page |   Feedback to author


 
Home | aubie56's Page « A Fantastic Ring Index « Previous
Chapter 14
Posted: June 05, 2012 - 12:35:26 pm

My plan was to disappear as a normal person, Billy Watkins, and to reappear as a superhero. I had to admit that I had not picked out a name, yet, but that could wait. I offered the concubines the opportunity to work on that for me.

I explained that Billy Watkins was drawing increasingly indiscriminate assassination attempts, and some innocent was going to be killed if I did not act like the attack on the plane had done the job. Therefore, I would vanish for a while as I attempted to find out who was after me. As a working hypothesis, I would assume that some irrational bigot was behind the effort because of the way I had defended the UMC over the topic of the Black minister.

I said, "I have one name, Elvis Strango, as a possible ringleader in the conspiracy, but I did not know if that is his real name or a cover name. I never heard of this Strango, and I have no idea where to start looking for him. Rachel, have you ever heard of him?"

"No, the name does not ring a bell. I'll start a search of the news database first thing tomorrow, but I don't know if that will turn anything up. If that doesn't help, I'll try searching at the library. I can't even imagine the ethnicity of the name, so I really have no clue of anyplace else to look. We may have to wind up hacking into the US Census records to find a lead, but I am not able to do that."

Sally offered, "Maybe Dad could do that. He is real sharp at computer hacking, and he might be able to help. If he can't do it, I doubt that anybody could. Billy, you said that he will be home in a few days, so he could work on that if he would, and I think that all you have to do is to ask him."

"Thanks, Sally, that is a great idea. I'm sure that he will help when I explain why we need him."

We talked about some other ways to search for Strango, but nobody could come up with any more useful ideas. My last comment during the general meeting was to warn everybody that they were not to tell anybody, no exceptions, that I was still alive. We could not know who might let something slip purely by accident. I asked Rachel not even to tell her husband about me right now: my existence had to be on a "need to know" basis.

That night, I laid out a list of things that I needed for my ring to do to prepare me to be a superhero. I already had a lot of the characteristics and abilities that I would need, but I asked for a radical change in my body structure. I wanted the ability to retract my penis and scrotum into my body much in the way that other mammals could do it, such as dolphins.

I knew that those parts of my body were no more susceptible to injury than the rest of my body, but I was bowing to the needs of society. I wanted to be completely naked when I operated just as I had been during my search for moonshiners in the swamp. However, if I should have to interact with people, I would need a minimum of modesty, so I wanted my groin area to appear to be covered by something like a Speedo swimsuit. If my genitalia were already hidden inside my body, all I would need would be for my skin in that area to change to a color that was appropriate: black, I suppose.

My ring told me that it could comply with my wish to hide my genitalia, but it would take a few days to complete the change. Furthermore, there would be some pain associated with the adjustment of my anatomy, but it would be no more than what a couple of aspirin could fix. The conversion would start that night, and I would have to abstain from sexual activity while the conversion was being made. That was annoying, but my concubines would just have to live with the inconvenience.

Dad and Mom showed up and were met at the airport by Sally. I cranked my sense of smell to the maximum and checked the car for explosives before I would let her leave the garage. I didn't find anything, and that made me a lot happier. Maybe, my enemies were convinced that I was dead.

That afternoon, I explained to Mom and Dad what I was doing, and they agreed to go along with me. Dad also agreed to help in the computer search for Elvis Strango, but he thought that was a ridiculous name that would never show up in the search.

Two days after they got home, Dad received a letter which said that my death was a sign of the sincerity of an organization that wanted him to stop protecting businesses and governments with his software. For their purposes, they would accept software which would let them defeat the protection that his company was installing. If Dad complied with their demands, they would back off; otherwise, they would attack Sally! Further instructions would follow.

Dad showed me a copy of the letter and said that he was going to approach the FBI with the letter. I had to agree that my original assumptions were all wrong about who was responsible for the attacks on me. This sounded to me like an international conspiracy and a Hell of a lot more sinister than I had at first assumed.

The envelope had been mailed in Atlanta, but that did not prove anything. It could have been dropped into a mailbox by somebody just passing through town. Dad called the FBI office in Montgomery and was told that there was nothing that they could do for him. Sending a threatening letter through the mail was illegal, but the FBI was hit so hard by budget constraints that they could not put anybody on the case. If he wanted to, he could send the letter in to them, and they would put it into the files for later action if they could free somebody up. Dad managed to restrain his temper until after he had hung up the phone, but it took all of us, including the concubines, to calm him down.

Dad contacted a private lab that went over the letter for fingerprints, but his were the only ones that they could find. Okay, the FBI could not have done anything more with the letter, but we were all pissed off at their attitude. Dad did have the paper analyzed to see if there was anything unusual about it that could make it possible to trace it, but there was nothing. The paper was a standard copy machine paper that was sold all over North America. Dammit, there was nothing that we could do until another letter came in. Hopefully, that would have some clue that we could use.

By this time, the second letter had come. It said that the conspirators would prefer to have the software to let them break into protected systems. They ordered Dad to prepare such software, and they would give him three months to get it ready. In the meantime, they would make a token attack on a member of the household to prove that they meant business.

Okay, that was something that I could handle. I planned to keep a dark to dawn vigil on our house to catch anyone who was planning mischief. I needed so little sleep that this was no hardship, and I was sure that I could catch anyone who showed up uninvited. I could keep watch from our roof and drop in on anyone who was making trouble: my bones and muscles were easily strong enough to withstand a drop of up to 50 feet, and that was not necessary for our home.

There were several places on the roof where I could lurk without being silhouetted against the sky, so I did not have to do much to get ready. My first night on the roof was the one on which the last threatening letter arrived. My concubines were all upset by the thought of me getting hurt, so I dampened their fears by fucking each one before I retired to the roof. By this time, my ring had done such a good job on my stamina that I was able to cum in each one of the six concubines and still feel like standing guard all night. I would sleep in tomorrow.

It was about 2:30 AM when I saw a van drive down our street. It was running without lights so it must have been using FLIR (Forward Looking Infra Red) or something similar because the night was about as black as it was possible to get in South Alabama. I had no trouble seeing what was going on because of my enhanced eyes. The first thing I did was to get a good look at the van, especially the license plate, for later identification if that were necessary.

The van pulled to a stop in front of our house, and three men exited the van. One was carrying a plastic jug which my sense of smell told me was gasoline. The other two were carrying machine pistols; I was not familiar enough with all of them to identify the brand, so I just mentally labeled them as Uzis. They were wearing goggles, and I figured that they must be to enhance their night vision.

They might have night-vision goggles, but they must have been unfamiliar with them because they stumbled around a bit. One of the men even stumbled against a decorative bush in the yard. They looked like they must have been local talent hired for just this job.

I dropped from the roof and headed to the front yard to do something about this rather inept invasion. There were enough bushes in the yard (thank you, Mom) to provide the cover I needed to slip up on the three stooges. I was not worried about the guns as much as I was about the jug of gasoline. I didn't know what fire could do to me, but I figured that I didn't want to find out if I could bypass it.

The man with the jug of gasoline was busy spreading it around the yard and pouring it on the bushes. If he was able to set it off, there would probably been a spectacular fire. He might even set the house on fire, so I needed to put a stop to his nonsense as soon as possible. Actually, it was easy. I managed to sneak up behind him and chop his wrist with the edge of my hand. That was the one holding the jug, and he released it the moment the bones in his wrist shattered.

He screamed in pain, just as one would expect, and tried to run toward the parked van. I kicked his left knee and shattered it, so he dropped before he could get more than a couple of feet. The fuel jug had some sort of fail-safe cap on it, and it sealed-off as soon as the thug dropped it. I ignored the jug as I took after the other two men.

I stayed low as I ran toward the nearest man with a gun. Both of the men were swinging their guns around trying to find something to shoot at, but neither one was having any luck finding me—I was simply moving too fast for them to register what they were seeing. A fist jabbed into the solar plexus of the first man dropped him before he could fire a shot. I knew that he would be out of the action for a couple of minutes until he was able to catch his breath, so I had plenty of time to disable the other man. Him I slapped on the side of the head and broke an eardrum as I gave him a mild concussion. He, too, fell where he stood.

I was wearing a pouch slung over my shoulder that contained some long nylon cable ties. I used these to bind the thugs so that they could not escape, though I had forgotten to provide for gags. Well, that I would cover next time.

I ran to the van and found that it was empty. The fools had not provided for a driver! I wondered who had organized this fiasco. I threw the three men in the van. I figured that would be a good place to question them and convenient transportation to get them away from our house when I was ready.

The man who had been hit in the gut was in the best condition to talk, so I started with him. As expected, he did not want to talk at first, but a simple squeeze on his balls with my powerful grip was enough to change his mind. It took only a few minutes to get him to understand that I was not going to put up with a lot of nonsense; it is amazing how a squeeze on a man's balls can get his attention.

Anyway, I questioned him and the two others. That first man really pissed me off, so I broke his right knee to teach him some manners. I now had the answers to all of the questions that I could think of, and I was now wondering what to do with three wounded men. I thought that this was a good chance to practice a little psychological warfare, so I drove to the nearest hospital and dumped them at the entrance to ER. I tooted the van horn loud enough to attract attention and drove away as a nurse stuck her head out the door and saw the three men.

I didn't know what else to do with it, so I drove the van home and parked it in the empty slot in our garage. I woke up Dad to ask what he thought I should do with the van. He laughed and said to leave it where it was. That was fine with me. I figured that the excitement was over for tonight, and I went to bed. I was not very sleepy, but I figured that a little sleep would not hurt me. Besides, that gave me a chance to question my ring.

The name given to the employer of these men was "Elvis Strango," but the description did not fit the first man to claim to be Strango. To me, that meant that Strango was a cover name, so I was going to stop the searches for such a man. There was no point in wasting a lot of time.

The useful point I gleaned about "Strango" was that he had employed the three men from a street gang in Montgomery. I managed to get a lot of detail about the street gang, so that was a place to start my investigation. I was not expecting a Hell of a lot, but I had to start somewhere. I began to think that this was going to be a long, drawn out chase before I found the people at the top. That would be true if this turned out to be an international investigation.

One thing I needed to know from my ring was how close I was to having ESP (Extra Sensory Perception) and other powers. I especially wanted to be able to read minds and to use TK (Telekinesis). My ring had been working on that for about seven months, and I hoped that it was close to completion. I was sure that I would need these powers if I was going to solve this case. It was otherwise just too big for me.

My dream that night was very reassuring. My ring reported that it had nearly completed the MR (mind reading) ability and was almost as close to TK. It would be making the final MR connections over the next two days, and the TK connections should be completed within the week. That was great news. The key to making the powers available was the vast increase in brain power that I had developed by means of the ring's work.

I was warned that I would probably be stunned when the MR ability first showed up. I was going to have to learn how to block out the minds that I was not interested in so that I could concentrate on the target mind. I expected to have to practice a lot to get that under control. I figured that it would be much like trying to carry on a conversation with one person while surrounded by a crowd of people shouting and talking loud. HA! I didn't know the half of it!

Over the next few days, I continued to maintain my watch on our roof after dark, but no one else showed up to cause trouble. I was waiting for my MR and TK abilities to show up before going to Montgomery to check on that street gang.

The first sign of the MR ability showed up by waking me up. Hazel and Ann were engaged in a fierce debate over which method of deep-throating was more satisfying to the one administering the fellatio. I thought that was a weird thing to argue about, but I really wondered why they were shouting at each other.

A few moments later, I heard Dad on a telephone call to England, and I wondered why he was using a speaker-phone and had the volume turned up so loud. Almost like a chorus chiming in, I heard loud comments from everyone else in the house. Then it dawned on me: I was mind reading! Dammit, the cacophony of thoughts was going to drive me crazy if I could not tone them down!

I was just about ready to bat my head against the wall to stop the noise when I finally got control of the situation. In truth, I don't know exactly how I did it, but I was able to limit all but a selected "voice" to a whisper. I hoped to eliminate that whisper in a short time. The problem was that it took practically all day to accomplish that, and I was a bear in a temper by the time supper came. I apologized to everybody and took my supper in my room—I could not stand to face so many active minds until I had some rest. I even had to skip the regular sex session that night because of my tiredness. That night, I was asleep almost before I hit the bed!

The next morning, I was back to normal and able to control the cacophony of random thoughts that permeated the house. My transgressions of the previous day were forgiven, and life returned to what passed for normal. Later that day, I tried some TK experiments, but I met with failure. That meant that I had to put off my trip to Montgomery for at least one more day.

I took the opportunity to ask Dad what he planned to do about the demand for software. He had a plan that was already underway. He was going to supply the software as demanded, but he was going to add a little extra. Whenever the software was used in a breakin, it would send him notification of the act. The notification would include the target and exactly what was being stolen. Furthermore, the software would tell him its location where it was being used. He hoped that I could act on that information and catch the hackers. That sounded brilliant to me, and I was all for it.

That part was relatively easy to do, but he was also trying to cause the modem to self-destruct before much data could be stolen. He figured that if the modem quit, he could not be blamed for the damage. On the other hand, if the whole computer fried, he was the obvious cause. See, I told you my Dad was a genius!

That day, he got a letter giving an address where he was to send a DVD with the software and an operating manual. The address was for general delivery in the busiest post office in Birmingham, so there was little chance of tracing the pick up of the disk. Dad fooled around for two more days before he mailed the disk. Unfortunately, he had not been able to do the part to destroy the modem.

Meanwhile, I had a dream that my TK was now hooked up, and there were suggestions on how I should learn to use it. One of the suggested applications was to fabricate body armor for my parents and concubines. There were no specific instruction on how to do that, just the suggestion that I give it a try.

Even before going down to breakfast, I tried a few experiments. I did manage to make a pencil hold its position against the ceiling and a few other such parlor tricks, but I did not have time for more than that. Everybody was at the breakfast table, even Mom, so I told them about my new TK ability and that I was trying to learn enough to make them some sort of permanent body armor. I did demonstrate moving and lifting some things by means of my TK, but I kept it to small items so that nobody would be hurt if I goofed. Everybody was amazed by my ability, and they all volunteered to work with me. I selected Juanita, since she had the least pressing commitments for the day.

We retired upstairs, and everybody wanted to watch, but I chased them off. My excuse was that of safety, but I really did not want to be distracted as we worked. My first effort was to construct a shell around Juanita's arm made of air molecules next to her skin. The armor worked to protect her, but her arm was locked into place. The shell simply refused to move when she moved her arm. Well, that was no good, so we tried to come up with something else.

Juanita suggested that I use the cells on the surface of her skin. They were dead already, so I could hardly do her any harm if this was the wrong approach. That was a great idea, and it worked! Now she could move her arm any way she wanted to, but she was still protected by an impenetrable shell. We expanded the coverage gradually as we tested each addition to make sure that there were no problems. Finally, her whole body was covered except for her neck and head.

About that time, Juanita needed to visit the toilet to pee. Uh-oh, she could not move the urine through her shield! Well, that was easy to fix. I made a small hole in her shield at her urethra, her vagina, and her rectum. That worked for pissing, but we were not sure about the other two openings. Juanita lay on the bed for a test of her vaginal opening, purely in the interest of good engineering, you understand, and found that she could fuck with as much pleasure as before. After four orgasms just to be certain of the experimental results, I came, too, and we declared that a successful shield modification. I made the same modification on her anus, but we did not take the time to test that right then.

Now I was confident enough to extend the armor up her neck and around her head. Holes were left for her nose and mouth, but there was a problem with her hair. We finally gave up with that, and Juanita suggested that she shave her head and wear a wig. We could experiment with the hair problem later, but I was too pressed for time to worry about it now. I sent Juanita out to go through her normal daytime routine to try to find any problems with her armor.

After she left, I began to experiment on myself. There seemed to be no limit on what I could move with TK. Items as small as pins and as large as the bed were equally easy to move, so I was going to have to take my experiments outside to find if there were any limitations.

The other facet of TK that I was especially interested in was whether or not I could fly. My dream had indicated that it should be possible, provided only that I could control all of the parameters. It seemed logical that I could move my own body if I could move something else of equal size and weight. I did as much experimenting as I could inside the bedroom, and I found that I could "fly" quite easily in there. The question was how well I could do outside.

Okay, I'll admit it: I am as much a showoff as the next teenager. I called everybody together to come outside to watch me fly. That created a lot of excitement, and we adjourned to the back yard. I could not go very high for fear of being seen, but I could rise a few feet from the ground and buzz around the back yard to my heart's content.

Well, I did have a little more trouble than I expected. There was some wind blowing at that time, and I had not had to account for that in the bedroom. The result was that the first time I lifted from the ground, a heavy gust of wind came by and blew me into the wall of the garage. I was not hurt, but I was embarrassed by my goof.

We all felt the wind, so I did not have to explain what had happened, but I was still very embarrassed. Dad made me feel a lot better when he pointed out that my accident was simply a part of the learning curve. The next time I lifted off the ground, another gust came up, but I was able to keep from being upset by it, and I drew some applause for my performance.

Dad asked if I could do that flying trick for the rest of them, so I gave it a try. For safety reasons, I had both feet solidly planted on the ground when I lifted the other people. I only took them about 10 feet off the ground and held them in place for a minute or so before returning them to their starting point. Everyone reported that they did not feel any discomfort while being in the air. No one felt as if she might fall. Dad said that he was so impressed that he did not even think about it while he was airborne. He laughingly asked for another test to check that out.

Juanita said that she did not feel her body armor while she was on the ground or was airborne, so I went ahead and gave all of my people a coating of the armor. I wanted to do some practice flying tonight in preparation for flying to Montgomery tomorrow night. I also wanted to leave everyone encased in the body armor before I left, so they needed some time to get used to it and to see if any modifications were necessary.

That night, I asked my ring if it could color my skin so that I would be virtually invisible while I was airborne. The report was that it could, but Dad laughed when I told him the result of my question. He asked, rhetorically, "Who was going to believe his eyes when he saw a human flying across the sky without an airplane?"
Chapter 15
Home | Top | aubie56's Page |   Feedback to author


 
Home | aubie56's Page « A Fantastic Ring Index « Previous
Chapter 15
Posted: June 08, 2012 - 10:36:18 am

My flight to Montgomery was made at night, more for my peace of mind than for anything else. The main reason that I did not want to be spotted was because I was afraid of looking foolish. I still made mistakes while flying and had to make adjustments on the fly, so to speak. I found these to be embarrassing, and I figured that flying at night would make them less visible. Oh, well, just chalk it up to the insecurities of a teen male.

I arrived in Montgomery while it was still dark. The flight had only taken a few minutes. I flew just enough under the speed of sound so as not to produce a thunderclap on the ground. The direct air distance was only on the order of 100 miles, so I made the trip in a few minutes. I did stay close to the ground so that I would not show up on somebody's radar. All I needed was to be chased by some jets, especially if they were trigger-happy!

Anyway, the worst part of the trip was me worrying about it. I could not have asked for an easier journey for my first crosscountry trip. Sometimes I think that I am luckier than I deserve.

I figured that I would not find any gang members until after daylight, so I found a roof to perch on near the address that I had. My plan was to scan the minds of passersby until I found a gang member. From there, I would play it by ear until I could find the leader of the gang. I had no idea how long that was going to take, but I was learning patience. I was sure that I could make myself wait until the right person came along.

Well, wait I did! It was nearly noon before I found a gang member who was headed to the gang headquarters where he expected to meet the boss of the bunch. This forced me to move in daylight, but I stayed above the roofs as I followed my mark to the gang leader. I followed for about seven blocks until I came to a restaurant that advertised "food like Mom used to make." Yeah, I'll bet!

The mark went into the restaurant and joined another man at a table. He was eating lunch, and the mark ordered the same special of the day: chicken-fried steak. I could see the two men through the front window of the restaurant, and I could mind read what they were saying. Actually, neither one said much as they concentrated on downing the food which must have been delicious, judging by the way the two gobbled it down. They lingered over coffee, still not saying much of any importance to me.

Eventually, they paid their bill and left the restaurant. They headed for a building a few doors down the street from the restaurant and went in. This was a nondescript office with two rooms. The front room was rather large, and it had a desk with a man sitting behind it. I assumed that he was the receptionist and bouncer, considering his size. There were 11 men lounging in the room reading, napping, playing cards, and otherwise passing the time. The boss and the mark went into a room opening off the front room, and that was when I lost sight of them.

By now, I had lost interest in the mark. The boss of the gang was the one I was interested in questioning, but I was stymied for the moment. I checked and found that the only door to the office where the boss was sitting was from the main room. There was not even a convenient window. I suppose that I could have broken in through the wall if I had needed to, but that did not seem appropriate at the moment. The same could be said for forcing my way in through the main room. I decided to wait until the boss left the headquarters before making my move. I had him positively identified, so I did not expect any difficulties in following him when he left. My current thought was that I would catch him on his way home.

A reading of the boss' mind had told me that he lived in an apartment with his girlfriend. She had a daughter of about 14, and the boss was fucking both of them with no objections from either one. I hoped to grab him before he got home, but I would invade the apartment if it turned out to be necessary. By the way, for what it was worth, the boss was Black and his harem was White.

The boss finally left his office about 6:00 o'clock and headed home. His apartment was only two blocks away, so he was walking home. This was fine with me, because I was able to snatch him as he walked past an alley. I used TK to bring him up to the roof that I was using, and he was temporarily scared shitless by his flight through the air. I set him on the roof and bound his hands and feet with air molecules. He was not going anywhere until I released him; if something happened to me, he was going to die where he sat!

I asked him a few questions and got the usual nonsense for answers. I was expecting that, but I showed him the error of his ways by squeezing his balls with TK. By now, he was sitting in a mess of piss and shit, and I did not want to put my hand in it. A bit of gentle persuasion got him to tell me what I wanted to know. Of course, I could have simply read his mind, but I didn't want to give away knowledge of that ability until I had to.

Anyway, I got the details of his contact with the man who wanted the fire set in our yard. As I expected, the man was White and gave his name as Elvis Strango. This guy's description did not match that of the other two Elvises, so that was of only minor help. However, this time, the meeting was in full light and I could pick the image of this one from the boss' brain. I figured that this put me one more step up the ladder toward identifying the man behind the attack.

In the process of questioning this guy, I found out that he was the main distributor of hard drugs in South Alabama. I have a particular aversion to drug pushers, so there was no way I was going to let this guy go free. I took upon myself the mantle of judge and jury, and I declared the boss guilty of capital crimes. I used TK to lift and transport him up to 10,000 feet and dropped him on a paved farm-to-market road that was not being currently used. I expected the next motorist to find and report the body, so I thought nothing more about him.

I flew home after dark because I needed to spend some time giving Montgomery a thorough brain scan to try to find this latest Elvis Strango. I would start out assuming that he had a regular job in the Montgomery business district. That meant that I had to scan during the day, but it also meant that I could spend my nights at home. I did not want to neglect my concubines, but I also did not want to leave my home unguarded.

By staying low to avoid radar and flying just below the speed of sound, I could make the trip in less than 10 minutes. People on the ground would feel a blast of wind, but they would not hear a sonic boom, so they should assume that it was just a stray wind gust that they felt. That close to the ground, I would be moving so relatively fast that I probably would never be seen. Even if I were seen, as Dad pointed out, who was going to believe his eyes?

I still got home in time for supper that evening. I was very happy to make it because Mary had fixed some strange concoction for which I cannot remember the name, but it was delicious. I always wanted to be home for supper because of the wonderful dishes that Mary managed to prepare. Her cooking alone made her worth her weight in love!

I related what had happened in Montgomery and my plans for the search for Elvis Strango. Nobody made a negative comment on the demise of the gang boss, so that was a "dead" subject. I planned to guard the house tonight, but there still would be time for a session of loving sex with each of my concubines before I adjourned to the roof. I cheated and mind read all of them, and everyone was happy with that prospect.

Sally had a schedule worked up in short order, and I asked her if that was a list of the "pricking" order. I can't understand why she was not amused; I thought the pun was hilarious. During supper, the subject of my nom de guerre came up and I was informed that the committee of concubines had chosen Hades, the name of the Greek and Roman God of the Underworld. Their reasoning was that they wanted a name that even the most ignorant crook could recognize the significance of, and, besides, I could fuck like Hell! What could I say to that?

I spent an uneventful night on the roof and came down for my usual BE&G breakfast. I was already dressed for the trip, naked, that is, so I bid everyone goodbye and headed for Montgomery. Again, the trip was made without incident. Dad had prepared a map for me to make it easier to section off the city. I only had to look at it once to have it memorized, so I was not encumbered by the map as I flew. I arrived and parked myself on a convenient roof. I was a little early, so I amused myself by looking for signs of criminal intent. The business district was generally free of that except in the lawyers' offices, but I figured that was a regular part of the business.

I started a serious scan at 9:30 AM. I figured that most people would be at work by then, so I might as well get started. As I anticipated, "Elvis Strango" did not show up that day, so I returned to Dothan. This was repeated for two more days, and I had only one section of the business district left to scan. I was already expecting to have to spread out my survey, but I was going to stick to the original plan for now.

On the fourth day, I hit the jackpot! It was a lunch time when I got a flicker of Elvis Strango in two men who were walking from an office building to a fancy restaurant just down the street. I jumped in immediately for a detailed scan and found that both men had used the name when contacting people for nefarious deeds. It turned out that neither one of these men were the Elvis Strango whom I was looking for, but they were associated with other men who used the same alias. This was looking interesting!

I simply tagged the men and waited until they went back to their offices. When they arrived at the office, I saw that they were employees of Conner & Conner Consultants. I could imagine what sort of "consulting" they did, but I wondered if any of it was legitimate business. Yes, some of it was real consulting; they used architectural engineering as a cover. In fact, most of their employees were honest engineers working on honest projects.

However, a section of the company did anything a customer was willing to pay for, including "wet" work (murder). There were 13 people working on this side of the business, and not all of them were men. In fact, the person most often called upon for wet work was a mixed-ethnic Asian woman who had 19 contracts to her credit. She had never missed on an assignment. Dammit, that was a scary outfit!

Conner and Conner Consultants were going to get a lot of attention from me even if they turned out not to be the ones behind the attempts to kill me and harm my family. Further investigation showed that they were the ones behind the threats to Dad, so I knew who I was after, at least in the short run. I wondered what they had in mind for the hacking software they were extorting from him. What I really needed to know was who had hired them for both these jobs. I planned to put Conner & Conner Consultants out of business with extreme prejudice, as they say in the movies, but I wanted to know who was paying them for their skullduggery.

I headed back to Dothan to discuss my information with Dad. I was dithering between going after Conner & Conner Consultants immediately or using them to lead me higher in the chain. I was leaning toward the latter option, but I wanted Dad's input.

The only solid intent that I had at the moment was to eliminate Lilo Hue, the Asian woman who took such pleasure in murdering people. She had even killed one child, and that really put me out. When I went back, I was going to give her mind a thorough scanning. That might take all day, but I was going to learn everything that she knew about the business of Conner & Conner Consultants and try to find out who had ordered the killings. She might not know that kind of detail, but I was going to find out if she did. Once she had given up her information, she was going to take a long walk off a short window ledge!

Dad agreed with me about tracing what I could from the records and brains of Conner and Conner Consultants operatives before I eliminated them, but he also agreed that Lilo Hue was so vile that I could start with her right away. That was what I had in mind when I flew back to Montgomery the next day. I perched on my roof top and searched for Ms Hue. Dammit, I searched until noon without finding her. That's when it dawned on me to check on her official whereabouts.

I found a clerk who processed travel records for the company. The company wisely did not separate the travel records of its two kinds of employees, and that way no one would get suspicious about the trips their agents made. Anyway, a brain scan of the clerk showed that Lilo Hue had made a trip to Huntsville. Okay, I knew where she was going, but I didn't know whom she was going after. I spent the rest of the day searching the minds of appropriate individuals in the office and finally found out that she was going after a chemist working on rocket propellents at Redstone Arsenal.

The chemist in question had started working with Thiokol back in 1979 and was still at Huntsville as a rocket consultant. That meant that he had to be very important to the Redstone establishment after all these years, and his loss could be very significant. The chemist in question was Dr. James Hilton, but I could not get much more information than that from the people in the office. I had his home address, but that was it.

Hue specialized in "accidental deaths," and she did not care how many innocents were killed at the same time. For example, she could cause a gas explosion in Hilton's home and kill everyone in there and the neighbors, too, if it worked out that way. I had to stop her as soon as possible to prevent a tragedy!

I thought about a plan of attack as I flew to Huntsville. Hue had taken a morning flight, so she was on the ground by now. Therefore, I could not intercept her at the airport. There were many hotels in Huntsville, so I might not have enough time to track her down by checking hotels. It seemed to me that my best chance to find Hue was to start at Hilton's home and to follow him everywhere he went until Hue made herself known.

That was not very efficient, but it was what I had to do because I was working alone. Then it dawned on me: maybe my concubines would be interested in helping me. They would not need to do any fighting and that sort of thing, but they could act as an extra set of eyes. I'll ask them the first chance I get.

Hue must not have been ready to act on her assignment yet because Hilton had an uneventful day according to my point of view. I wondered why he was on a hit list, but I reconciled myself to never finding the answer to that question. Mainly, my concern was saving him this time. I stayed at Hilton's house later than I might normally do so, but I was concerned that Hue might make a try for him this evening.

Because I was running so late, I tried sending a mental message to Mary not to expect me for supper. I had to strain, but I finally got through. She was surprised to hear from me this way, but I was glad to know that I could do it. I left instructions for the concubines, all but her, to wait up for me because I had something to discuss with them.

By 2:00 AM I figured that it was safe to stop guarding Hilton's house for that night, but I would be back tomorrow and for as long as it took. I hurried home, flying as fast as I dared, and made it back by 3:00 o'clock. The concubines were all waiting on me; even Mary was there. She said that she did not want to miss something important, so I told her to stay.

I broached the subject of my concubines joining me in crime fighting, and they were all enthusiastic at the opportunity. They all looked on it as a great adventure, and Mary pouted a little that she could not join us. She eased up when I pointed out that I needed her to look after my parents. I did promise to use her services if the opportunity ever came up.

The women all giggled when I told them that they would have to operate in the nude if my ring was going to camouflage their skin the way it did mine. Well, that turned into a fiasco. The ring could do nothing to change the skin color of the women—it only worked on me. That's when it dawned on me to try to do the job by changing the color of the TK armor. Hooray, that worked! I was also able to curb the problem with the bouncing boobs by stiffening the armor over their breasts.

The women needed to be armed, and I suggested that they get "concealed carry permits" for each to have a handgun. That was easy for women to do in Alabama, so we did not anticipate any problems there. I suggested that they outfit themselves with a Glock G26 in 9mm. These small pistols were ideal for concealment, and that was what I wanted them to do. They weren't going to do any long distance shooting, so the small gun with the short barrel should do for their needs. If it didn't work out, we could try something else.

My plan for tomorrow was for four women to go with me to Huntsville to trail Hilton and to try to keep him out of trouble. Meanwhile, I was going on an intense hunt for Hue. Once we eliminated her, Hilton would be safe for a while.

None of my women had ever shot a gun before, so the guns would have to wait. Mary would obtain a permit and start shopping for the pistols. I told her that I was not insisting on Glocks; she could get any type of pistol she wanted as long as it was small and in 9mm. My only requirement was that the guns all be the same so that they could swap magazines and ammunition if that became necessary. I also said that if a gun dealer suggested a larger caliber, Mary should consider it, but not to accept the gun until she had test fired it to be sure that there was not too much recoil. At that time, she should fire a 9mm for comparison.

I told the women coming to Huntsville not to wear any clothes. I would outfit them in simulated shorts and halters, but they would be allowed to select the color. They could wear flat sandals, but they had to be aware that the sandals might be lost at any moment.

I wanted all four of the younger women to go with me so that they could split up the duties and could give each other moral support when that became necessary. I put Sally in charge of the detail because she had been the boss at home, and this would cause the least amount of change in the group dynamics of the four women.

All of the women were groggy when we prepared to leave. They just had not had enough sleep. That could be dangerous, so I had to come up with a way for them to travel and sleep at the same time. I rigged up a torpedo-like container large enough for all of the women to sleep in. Once they were inside of the frozen-air container, I lifted them and me into the air. I left enough holes on the side of the container so that there would be no problem with them breathing. Once aloft, we headed to Huntsville at around 600 knots (690 MPH). That was pushing it on speed, but we were running a little late.

Sally used her credit card to rent a car and they began to follow Dr. Hilton. Meanwhile, I began checking hotels, looking for Ms Hue. I found her at the airport hotel eating a late breakfast. Out of curiosity, I scanned her mind to find what she had been doing the previous night. Man, was I surprised. She had picked up a man from a local "escort" service and had spent the evening visiting bars and dancing. Later, she had spent the night in bed with him. She was very happy with the episode, and Conner & Conner Consultants had no qualms about honoring the expenses on her expense report.

However, Hue was now plotting just how to eliminate Dr. Hilton. She had no instructions from her employer as to how this was to be done, other than it had to look like an accident. Since this was in the middle of the week, Dr. Hilton would spend most of the day at work, so he would not be available for attack until later. She knew better than to attack Dr. Hilton at the arsenal. They did not want to bring the FBI into the investigation; it had to be the local police whom they were not afraid of.

The girls had a very dull day. They caught up on their sleep and spent most of the rest of the time flirting with various men they managed to encounter. The girls got a thrill out of this because they knew that they were actually naked even though they looked like they were wearing clothes.

On the other hand, I was busy following Hue around the city. She finally seemed to settle on attacking Hilton while he was driving home. The easy way to kill him would have been to bomb his car or something similar, but it was safely kept in the parking lot at the arsenal, so she could not get to it. A bomb was hard to make look like an accident, but Hue had done it twice before, so she was confident that she could do it again.

Hue looked at the options for killing Hilton that afternoon, but finally gave it up as being too much of a hassle. Instead, she decided to put a bomb in his car on this night and catch him on his way to work tomorrow morning. Well, I was happy with that because it made my job a whole lot easier. I planned to ambush Hue when she arrived at Hilton's house in the dead of night to rig her bomb.

I found the girls and told them what Hue had in mind, so they could relax. We had plenty of time, so I dressed them suitably and took them out to dinner at a swank restaurant. Honestly, the food did not measure up to what Mary did on a regular basis, but it was good enough to satisfy the women. The novelty of going out to dinner was the main attraction, anyway.

We arrived at Dr. Hilton's house at just after midnight and ensconced ourselves in a comfortable hiding place. The girls wanted sex, but I told them that we would have to put that off until after we captured Lilo Hue. They pouted a little, but it was more on principle than in real annoyance at me. I did relent to the point of tweaking nipples and finger-fucking a little bit, but I mainly stayed alert for Hue's arrival.

She showed up about 1:40 AM, and I grabbed her before she could even get close to Dr. Hilton's car. I swathed her in a thick blanket of frozen-air and hoisted her high in the air before she really knew what had happened to her. Once she was at an altitude such that her shouts could not reach the ground, I floated beside her and explained why she had been captured. I asked some questions to discover if she knew why she was hired to kill Dr. Hilton. She said that she did not know, and a mind scan proved her statements correct. To me, that was the strongest point against her. She was planning to kill a man she did not know at the behest of an employer she did not know, and she was going to enjoy every moment of the event. To me, that was unpardonable!

I told her what I was about to do to her, and she began to cry and beg me to spare her life. Well, you can tell how much effect that had on me. Sally had already returned the rented car, so they had nothing holding them in Huntsville once I said that it was time to go. They happily climbed into their transport container and joined me as I transported Hue to 10,000 feet over one of the many huge artificial lakes on the Tennessee River. I positioned her so that she would impact the water at the deepest part of the lake and let her drop.

With my enhanced hearing, I could hear Hue scream all the way down to the moment of impact with the water. The explosives and fuses were still with Lilo Hue as she fell, so the force of the impact with the water was enough to set off the explosives. It was quite a bang when she hit. There must have been enough explosives there to kill people in surrounding cars as well as Dr. Hilton if Hue had been successful in her plot. My only regret was that she had died too quickly.

The girls agreed with me and were in good spirits as we flew back to Dothan. They were anxious to tell Mary of their adventure. All thoughts of the boredom they had endured were forgotten in the successful ending to the chase.

Meanwhile, Mary had found five Glocks for the women to use, including one for her to keep. She had no trouble obtaining her permit because of her "advanced" age. I was going to send the girls down to the police station to apply for permits, but I figured that they were so young that they would have to go through the wait for the background checks to be completed. However, that did not keep them from learning to shoot their new toys, and Mary had already set up training sessions for them.

The following day, I talked to Dad about learning to use a gun. It took some discussion, but I convinced him. Dad immediately turned the argument around on me and said that I needed to learn, too. One never knew when an emergency or an unusual circumstance might come up, so I needed to know what to do with a gun. I had to admit that he had a point, so I agreed to take lessons, too.

Once that was settled, we descended upon Mom to talk her into joining us in the gun training. As expected, she flatly refused at first, but she was convinced after two hours of steady pressure from Dad and me. The final convincing argument was that Dad might be attacked some time and she might be the only one who could help him. That broke down her resistance, and she agreed to join us.

The whole crew, all but me, went in the next day to apply for the permits. As expected, the girls had to go through the routine checks, but Mom and Dad were issued temporary permits on the spot to hold them until the permanent permits came through. Dad then bought more guns so that we all would have one.
Chapter 16
Home | Top | aubie56's Page |   Feedback to author


 
Home | aubie56's Page « A Fantastic Ring Index « Previous
Chapter 16
Posted: June 12, 2012 - 10:41:20 am

I had Ring design a disguise for me so that I could join in on the practice sessions with the guns. Of course, I had to apply for a permit, but I did it in disguise and used a false name. Once I learned how to handle the pistol, I did not need the permit, so there was no problem there. With my other abilities, no cop could arrest me for illegally carrying a gun.

I told Mom and my concubines to keep the gun with them at all times when they were out of the house, and they should have the gun where it could be easily reached when they were at home. There was some grumbling over that, but all of the women agreed to cooperate with my request. Dad wore his gun in a shoulder holster at all times when he was not in bed, and then he kept the gun on the bedside table. The women carried the gun in their purse or pocket while they were outside, and beside their beds at night.

When I was working, I carried my gun in a holster I wore at my side. The holster completely enclosed the gun in frozen-air. That way, I could get to it easily, but no one could take it from me. I never expected to get into a quick-draw situation, so this looked like an adequate solution to my problem. In fact, I expected never to use the gun, but I kept it with me to keep Dad happy.

My investigation of Conner & Conner Consultants was paused while we went through the gun training. It took three weeks for the permits to show up for the concubines, so I spent that time in shooting practice and in working on things that my TK could do to improve the safety and effectiveness of my helpers.

All four of the younger concubines wanted to go with me when I went back to Montgomery to follow up on Conner & Conner Consultants, but that was impractical. Instead, I agreed to take them one at a time with me to Montgomery; I even promised to include Mary in the mix.

I constructed a smaller version of the torpedo-like transport container large enough for one person, and that was how I took my assistant with me each day. Most of the time in Montgomery was depressingly boring for the woman, because I spent a lot of time mind reading the personnel within Conner & Conner Consultants. I was looking for a person who made the contacts with their employers so that I could follow up on the chain of guilty parties.

It took a while, but I finally found her. I took so long because I was embroiled in the chauvinistic attitude that a man had to be the brains behind Conner & Conner Consultants. This person turned out to be Susan McHenry, and she was a first class bitch if there ever was one!

I was flabbergasted when I found out that she kept a naked man as a sex toy chained by the neck under her desk so that he was available for cunnilingus at any time, even during meetings. She had a private bedroom off her office where she could engage in coitus with the sex toy whenever the mood struck her. The sex toy was kept locked in the bedroom whenever Susan was out of the office. I did find out that he'd had a forced vasectomy, so a condom was never needed.

Anyway, back to the important stuff. McHenry rarely talked to a client except in her office. The reason was that she wanted a full file on the client: photos, voice print, fingerprints, and anything else anyone could think of. Her reasoning was that she wanted to be able to identify the client if there ever was a case of failure to pay the bill or of blackmail. Her intent was to protect Conner & Conner Consultants from any possibility of repercussions following the successful completion of a contract. There was no question that I could put Conner & Conner Consultants out of business at least temporarily by eliminating Susan McHenry, but that would have cut off my chain of investigation.

All of this special information was held in a separate file. A PC was used to store the data, and it was kept secure by never connecting it to any other computer. In fact, the computer was not even connected to the LAN (Local Area Network) used within Conner & Conner Consultants. Any time there was a need to transfer information, it was done personally by Susan McHenry using a thumb drive. She would have killed on the spot anyone else caught using the special computer.

Susan McHenry didn't know it, but her sex toy used his spare time to break into this computer and make DVDs of the information stored there. He didn't know what he would do with the information, but he hated Susan so much that he was willing to risk his life to copy the files. He hoped one day to even the score with her by giving the information to someone who could bring her and Conner & Conner Consultants down.

This was always in the forefront of his mind, and I picked it up the moment I first read his mind. I figured that, if I could work it right, I could get the information he had copied from the sex toy and have Dad analyze the data for me. I hoped that he could put the data into a form that would let me use it to chase down a lot of very evil people.

What I needed to do was to mentally contact the sex toy and set up some way for him to pass the DVDs along to me. There should be plenty of time for that once Susan left her office for the day. She had a separate apartment and relaxed there with various gigolos that she hired on a random basis. The woman was sexually insatiable and seemed to need a fuck every 12 hours or so. Her operations at Conner & Conner Consultants were what paid for this life style.

I mentally contacted Mary and told her that Hazel and I would be late for supper and to please save something for us when we finally got home. Hazel and I marked time on the roof until Susan left the office at around 6:00 PM. She had locked the sex slave in the bedroom, but he had long since learned to pick the lock so that he could get to the computer. He was sitting at the computer when I mentally contacted him.

Hello, I am a friend who wants to bring Conner & Conner Consultants down as much as you do. I am talking to you mentally, and you can respond the same way. I have already read your mind, and I know about the DVDs that you have prepared. I hope that we can work out a way for you to get them to me so that I can start acting on them.

Thank God! My prayers are finally answered! Yes, I will give you what I have collected so far, but it is only about half of what is here. The question is how I can get them to you.

I have mastered telekinesis, so I can move the DVDs anywhere we need to. It seems to me that the best idea would be to use the air conditioning ducts. I suggest that you remove the grill from the nearest duct and put the DVDs in there. I will move them to a place where I can pick them up. You can replace the grill over the vent, and nobody will ever know what happened. Is that agreeable to you?

Yes, that is a good idea, but the grill is held in place by screws, and I do not have access to a screwdriver. Can you supply me with one?

Yes, I can. Tell me what size screws are involved and what kind of slot is in the screw head. Also, I will need to know how large the openings are in the grill so that I can get the handle of the screwdriver through it.

Okay, give me a minute to look around, and I will get back to you.

Wait! I just remembered that all you have to do is to look closely at the grill and I can see through your eyes what size and type of screwdriver you need. Hold up your finger or something else beside the grill so that I will have an idea of the scale. Baring something unexpected, I will have you a suitable screwdriver by this time tomorrow night.

That's great. I'll get right on it.

There was some delay, but the man found a suitable vent in a place where he could reach it. He stared at the grill as I had asked, and I had all of that information that I needed. I bid him goodnight, and Hazel and I hurried home.

Hazel and I ate supper while I talked to Dad about my plan for retrieving the data on Conner & Conner Consultants. I asked him to hack into the Fire Department files in Montgomery and retrieve the drawings for the air conditioning system duct layout used in the Conner & Conner Consultants building. Meanwhile, I would use another computer to sketch out the grill so that one of the women could visit a hardware store tomorrow and buy a suitable screwdriver.

I had the sketch we needed made up in about 30 minutes: I am no computer whiz. Dad took only a little longer than that to get me a copy of the drawings I wanted. The next morning, Sally and Ann went shopping for me to buy the screwdriver. While they were about it, I had them pick up one of those gadgets that was a "universal" tool with a multitude of screwdriver blades, wrenches, and who knew what else all in one tool, but small enough for me to carry. I could use TK to remove a screw if I had to, but a screwdriver was a Hell of a lot more convenient.

I memorized the path of the duct that I was interested in, and I discovered that it was large enough for me to travel down it all the way to Susan McHenry's office. To do that, I had to open an access panel on the building's roof. That was no problem at all, and I was ready by the time my friend was ready to pass me the DVDs that I wanted.

He was startled when he found me waiting behind the grill to pass him the screwdriver. It took only a couple of minutes for him to remove the grill and to hand me the dozens of DVDs that he had. My God! Conner & Conner Consultants must have been in business a long time to have served this many clients. I took the DVDs from him and waited for him to reattach the grill. He asked to keep the screwdriver. I let him because he said that he had a secure hiding place for it. He planned to keep the screwdriver with the DVDs he was collecting for me.

I thanked him and used my TK to float back to the roof. I replaced the access panel and left for home. This had been a solo operation, so I had no concubine to worry about. Had I known that the job was going to be this easy, I would have allowed one to come with me, but I only had hindsight to work with in this case.

Supper had been held for me, and I regaled everybody with the story of my adventure. Actually, there was not much to tell, but I made it as interesting as I could. I gave Dad the DVDs that I had, and he rushed off to start work on them. It turned out that somebody had done a good job of correlating the data in the files, so he did not have much to do to get a workable report from the discs.

He got so interested that he stayed up all night working on the files, and he had a preliminary report for me by the next morning. We had hoped to find something to tell us who had wanted me dead and who had wanted the hacking software. Neither one was on this stack of DVDs, but we hoped to get that information soon.

I was still learning about the operations of Conner & Conner Consultants, so I went back early that day to try to get a better feel for how they operated. I hoped to stay over late enough to find out what my sex toy friend had copied from the computer. This day was an interesting one because Susan had a VIP (Very Important Person) visitor. He turned out to be the client who had wanted the death of Dr. Hilton. He was there to complain that Dr. Hilton was still walking around, and he was unhappy that he had nothing to show for his $500K fee for eliminating Hilton.

I read his mind while he was in Susan's office, and I found out what was going on. Dr. Hilton was working on a new antitank weapon. Specifically, he had directed the development of the fuel for the weapon, and the client was trying to stop the development of the rocket. If he couldn't stop it, at least he wanted to delay it. I could not be sure, but I got the impression that the client was representing Iranian interests. The problem was that the client thought in a language that I did not know, and I had to wait for him to translate his thoughts into English before I could follow them.

Susan replied that their most reliable agent had been assigned to the job, but she had disappeared. Susan said that she suspected that the agent's cover had been blown, but she had no way of knowing that, yet. She promised to look into the matter and to act promptly on the client's behalf. The man left Susan's office graciously enough, but I could tell that he was not satisfied.

Dammit, there was not much I could do with a mind scan on this client because I did not know the language he normally used. There were no embassies or consulates in Montgomery, so there was no obvious place for him to report to. I was stuck for the moment, but I did plan to ask Ring if I could quickly learn more languages. Meanwhile, I would just have to pay closer attention to Dr. Hilton.

That was the only interesting development for the day, so I lazed around and talked to Sally, who was traveling with me today. I told her what I knew about the Dr. Hilton case, but she had no helpful suggestions to offer. On the other hand, she pointed out that I had such a high learning rate that I should be able to learn a language in only a few hours or days if I used one of the language courses as taught on the computer. Now, that was a good idea, and I planned to look into it as soon as possible.

At last it was time for me to visit Dave, the sex toy. This time, I used mental communication to let him know that I was coming. I used the same access panel to enter the ducts, and I was at the grill before Dave had it open. He handed me some more discs, not as many as last time, and told me to get out of there. Susan was scheduled to come back that evening for a special fuck, but Dave did not know when that would be. I scooted away and left him to reinstall the grill.

We returned to Dothan, and I told them about the visit by the man whose language was a mystery to me. I warned the girls that they would probably be making another trip to Huntsville pretty soon and not to forget their pistols. That raised the excitement level real fast! Mom was all atwitter about how she did not want me to endanger myself or the girls, but I refused to cave in. I reminded her of the protection we had and our commitment to stopping Conner & Conner Consultants from killing anyone else. She wasn't happy, but she did shut up.

That night, we held our usual sex romp before going to sleep. I asked Ring about the possibility of learning a language in a short time from the computer. Rosetta Stone was the one I thought of immediately because of all of their commercials, but I was going to look around before I committed. That night in a dream, Ring told me that I was on my own about learning the language. My brain capacity was large enough to hold many languages, but Ring had no data on how to learn a language in a hurry. All of its previous hosts had learned a language by total immersion among speakers of it, so I would be the first to use a computer.

I decided to start off with Arabic, though I knew that was not the common language of Iran. However, Arabic was widely used, and I could not go wrong if I learned it first. I checked, and the local library had a set of discs for Arabic, so Hazel went around to pick it up for me. It was not Rosetta Stone, but I figured that it would be an adequate experimental platform.

Meanwhile, it was back to Montgomery, this time with Juanita, to see what there might be useful from Conner & Conner Consultants. Naturally, I checked on Susan first, and I found her in an emotional uproar. Last night, Dave had displeased her. Susan's mind was in such turmoil that I did not find out exactly what he had done or not done, but she had killed him by cutting his throat. Before that, she had tortured him by tying him to the bed and cutting him into little pieces. From what I could learn, cutting Dave's throat had not really been necessary, but she was so upset with him that she had done it out of spite.

Anyway, a couple of specialists were cleaning up the bedroom. By this time, Susan was mostly upset because she was going to have to train a new sex toy. She left the office at noon to find somebody to fuck her this afternoon. All of the Conner & Conner Consultants employees were avoiding her like the plague. That left me at loose ends. I wanted the rest of the information from her special computer, but it looked like I was going to have to get it myself. However, I have said before that I am no computer whiz, so I figured that I should go home for some advice from Dad.

It was well that I did because he reminded me that I did not have her computer password, and such sensitive information was surely protected by at least one password. However, he did have a hacking program that could work around that. It made use of a software backdoor in Windows that should let me read the files without knowing the password. If that failed, there were other ways around the problem, some of which involved opening the computer case. He did not want to try them until I had used the easier ways first.

I was all in favor of that, so I went back to Montgomery to make my first try at breaking into Susan's secret files. Susan or some computer guru had put in an effective block on the simple software scheme that I had with me, so I left her office the way I had found it and flew home.

Dad and I were both afraid that I would leave some trace of my activity, so we decided to go whole hog and open the computer case. Dad gave me a laptop computer that he had reworked to have a monster memory and a multi-terrabyte hard drive. This laptop was overclocked something fierce, so it should be able to copy all of Susan's hard drive if I had enough time. He spent an hour showing me how to hook up to her hard drive from my computer and to fool it into thinking that nothing unusual was going on. He figured that I should be able to get a clean copy of everything that was on her computer in under three hours.

This time I went to Montgomery alone and carefully watched for Susan or anyone else entering her office. I was lurking in the duct so I had a direct visual scan of the room. Susan must have still been upset because she only spent a couple of hours at work before she left for home. I waited until all of the office workers had left and the cleaning crew had finished with her office before I entered. Dave had shown me where the special computer was hidden, so I had an easy time in getting to it. I opened the case and made my connections.

Dad was a good teacher, and I had the hard drive being copied in less than 15 minutes after I had opened the computer case. The software on the laptop had no trouble connecting to the hard drive in question and starting the copying. Now, all I had to do was to wait until the job was finished. It was miserably dull and boring, but I was able to complete the copy in under three hours. Everything on the drive was compressed, and that helped immeasurably in saving time, so I had plenty of time to reassemble Susan's computer and put everything back the way it had been. My special visual memory made that a cinch.

I escaped back through the duct and headed for home. Dad took the computer from me and said that he should have something for me to see in one day, or two at most. Dad was a lifesaver when it came to something connected to computers.

Ann and I went back to Montgomery the next day to continue our surveillance of Conner & Conner Consultants, and the main thing that happened was that she assigned a man to eliminate Dr. Hilton. Uh-oh, time to get with the program. I didn't know of anything to do but to kill the minor agent being sent after Dr. Hilton.

The man left immediately for Huntsville by plane, and there was nothing to do but for Ann and me to follow him. There was just no time to go home to Dothan and to get back in time to block this agent. Ann was thrilled to be on the case with me, and she kept saying that she wanted to be the one who eliminated the agent.

That sounded a little weird to me, but Ann insisted. Her plan was to walk up to him and shoot him at point blank range. I was then to snatch her by TK away from the scene before anybody could identify her. Okay, I figured that would work. After all, who would suspect that an old grandmother-type would be a murderer? Between the two of us, we worked out a disguise for Ann, and I deposited her just beyond the passenger concourse.

Ann even had a cane as part of her disguise, and I had outdone myself with my tailoring of frozen-air to age her face. I even fabricated a gray wig for her. The wig would not stand close examination, but neither one of us believed that was a likely occurrence.

Ann walked to the baggage claim area and waited for the killer to show up. As soon as he did, Ann walked up to him and stood so close that no one could see her pistol. She fired one shot into his spine, and I snatched her away before the noise of the shot had died away. I stationed us on a high catwalk that nobody would ever think of examining. We calmly walked out of the terminal and I took us high enough to hide us in plain sight. I had already dissolved her disguise, so she looked like she normally did when she was on assignment.

I generated the traveling container for her and we headed home. We arrived back in Dothan that afternoon, and headed for the TV to see if our assassination attempt was on the air, yet. It wasn't, so we relaxed to wait for the news at 6:00 PM. While we were relaxing, I asked, "Ann, I was very surprised when you wanted to do the assassination, and I still have not figured it out. Please tell me what brought that on."

"Actually, I had been thinking about it most of the day. I saw a copy of how merciless and vile those Conner & Conner Consultants people are, and I wanted to do something to strike a blow against them. This seemed like a perfect opportunity."

"Okay, I can understand that, but don't get the idea that I will stand still for you to become a killing machine. That would make you no better than Conner & Conner Consultants."

She kissed me and said, "I know, Billy, but I just could not be an innocent bystander for the whole of my life. I wanted to strike a blow for decency when I had the chance."

Well, I certainly could not argue with that! I kissed her, and we decided to get a jump on the night's activities by heading for the bed. Ah, me, that was a satisfying fuck! Ann came four times, and I came once. That was average for us, so we were quite happy with our efforts. We even got a round of applause at the end. Neither one of us knew that we had an audience, but we were so used to performing before this appreciative crowd that it did not bother us in the least.

Mary did say that we had time for a shower before supper if we got right to it, so Ann and I recognized our marching orders and got into the shower. I know it seems like a gruesome topic at a meal, but Ann gave a detailed description of how she had taken care of the murderer. Mom even approved of Ann's actions and congratulated her on her impersonation of a grandmother-type. Ann broke us us with laughter when she thanked Mom for the compliment, but said it was easy—she just copied Hazel! Hazel was the youngest of the three original concubines by a month, so this was especially funny.

Dad reported that he had mailed the hacking software disc today, and I was anxious to see if it showed up at Conner & Conner Consultants as we expected. He also reported that he had made considerable progress on interpreting the hard disk from Conner & Conner Consultants. The security had not been difficult for him to break, and he was in the process of converting the data on the disc into plain English. He expected to have a printout by this time tomorrow. That was good news; now we should be able to find out who had ordered me killed and who was behind the rest of the crap thrown at us.
Chapter 17
Home | Top | aubie56's Page |   Feedback to author


 
Home | aubie56's Page « A Fantastic Ring Index « Previous
Chapter 17
Posted: June 15, 2012 - 12:05:38 pm

Well, it looked like I was right and I was wrong. I had been confused by so many uses of the Elvis Strango alias. The printout that Dad showed us had two different organizations out to get us. The first one to go after me was an organization calling itself The Knights of the Golden Circle (KGC). They were a bigoted bunch of fools who thought they could bring back the "glory days" of the old Confederate States of America. They had paid $250K to have me killed, probably because I had supported the right of the United Methodist Church to send a Black pastor to Dothan.

Okay, a lot of things made sense, now. Many of the local cops were unreconstructed KKK members, and that would explain why they were in no hurry to save me from other bigots. A large segment of the local Rednecks were also sympathetic to the KKK, and the KGC was related to the KKK, so what they wanted carried a lot of weight with the local lower level members of the KKK. Well, that made a big problem. I could not kill off every member of the KKK without cutting a Hell of a swath through the lower class White population.

On the other hand, the KGC was made up of wealthy Whites who just wanted to run things and to own slaves just to prove that they were better than anybody else. I could kill off the top KGC members without causing a big problem with the population balance. The question was: did I want to do that? Well, that question could wait while I put a stop to the people who were harassing Dad.

The people who wanted his software appeared to be a gang of crooks who wanted an easy way to get money. The would rob banks the easy way by draining their resources over the internet. They would also get government and industrial secrets and sell them to the highest bidder. These were the dangerous people! They appeared to have no conscience and would damage anything or anybody who stood in their way. They were a current deadly menace and needed putting down as soon as possible.

Once I took care of these parasites, I could take the time to close up shop on Conner & Conner Consultants and their peers. The printout from Conner & Conner Consultants gave us an address in Atlanta, so the first thing to do was to check that out. It was Juanita's turn to travel with me, so we got ready for a trip to Atlanta. We made the trip in the usual way and arrived at about 10:00 AM. We knew practically nothing about Atlanta except that it was a place full of curlicue streets. Just because a pair of streets were parallel along here did not mean that they would be parallel three blocks farther on. I had a map of Atlanta in my head, and there was no doubt in my mind that I was going to need it.

I found a place to put down at 1700 Peach Tree Ave., which bore no relationship to the much more famous Peach Tree St. We were looking for 1707 Peach Tree Ave., but damned if that did not turn out to be a parking lot! Susan McHenry had really screwed up on this one. Okay, there was nothing to be gained here, so we headed home. We would just have to wait until the crooks tried to use the software and gave themselves away then.

NO! Wait a minute. She had recorded a telephone number that was to be called when the DVD showed up with the software. I used my prepaid cellphone to call that number, and it was answered immediately. As soon as the phone was picked up at the other end and some man said hello, I said, "May I speak to Helena?" I was told that I had a wrong number and I apologized.

Now, all I needed to know was the address of the telephone with that number. I called Dad and asked him to find that address for me and to call back. A few minutes later, Dad called back with an address of 134 Pickney Ave. A quick memory search told me that it was an address in an industrial area of the city. Aha! I thought that I was getting somewhere at last.

I picked up Juanita and we jumped to 134 Pickney Ave. This was an old building that had seen much better days. It had once been some sort of manufacturing plant, but none of that was currently visible. The ground floor was boarded up, but the second story might have been occupied. It was not obvious, but I thought that I could detect human mental activity in the back of the building. I did not want to probe deeply because the subject could sometimes detect me looking in, and the effect was generally alarming. Therefore, Juanita and I were going to have to make a physical search.

I lifted us to the roof and we quickly found a means of entry. This building only had two stories, so there was not much doubt about where we would find any occupants. "Juanita, draw your gun and be ready to shoot. Don't get trigger-happy, but do be alert. Stay directly behind me and don't wander off. These guys are killers and are not to be trifled with."

We went inside and found that the place was one mass of gloom. There was barely enough light for Juanita to see where she was stepping, though I had no trouble with my enhanced vision. I knew immediately that we needed to get night-vision goggles for the women, but that was out of the question right now.

I changed our color to match the industrial green on the walls, and that should make us virtually invisible at this low light level. We carefully crept toward the rear of the building where I thought there was a human presence. Suddenly, we could hear the sound of a TV set tuned to a situation comedy, judging from the laugh track.

I heightened my sense of smell and readily detected cigar smoke. I was now willing to bet that the man who had answered the phone when I called was smoking a cigar and watching TV. I would bet that he also had a beer handy, but that I could not detect.

At last, we got to the door leading into that room, and it was exactly as my senses had told me. There was even a beer can resting on a card table that held the TV and a telephone. A man was reclining in a chair and smoking a cigar while he watched the TV.

Juanita and I looked in and then dodged back before the man could see us. I gestured for Juanita to follow me, and we climbed back to the roof. "As I see it, Honey, this is just a telephone drop and nothing more. I think that we would be better off if we flitted away without them ever knowing that we had been here. I'll see if I can get anything useful from the man down there, but I don't want to make him think that he has been probed. Please find a comfortable place to sit while I work."

Juanita sat down and holstered her gun. Meanwhile, I gently probed the man's mind for anything useful. Well, it turned out that I was able to go deeper than I had expected at first, but I did not learn anything useful. This guy was just a very low level member of the gang and did not have any idea what was going on. He did not even have a phone number to call if he heard anything. He was called at 5:00 PM just as he was due to go off shift and another man was to take over the job of answering the telephone. It was manned around the clock every day of the week so that it would not be possible to miss the call. He even had a pot to piss in so that he would not have to leave the phone. That was the extent of the man's knowledge, and he was happy as long as he had his TV, his cigars, and his beer.

Shit! These guys were a Hell of a lot smarter than I had given them credit for! There was nothing for us to do except to wait for the disc to be picked up in Birmingham. Quite possibly, there was nothing for us to do until the software was used for the first time.

I resumed my close surveillance of Conner & Conner Consultants and discovered that they were sending an agent to Birmingham twice a week to look for the DVD from Dad. Two days after he mailed it, I figured that the DVD should have arrived in Birmingham, so I went to the Conner & Conner Consultants office to find out who was going to pick up the DVD and to follow him or her. Yes, the disc was picked up when I expected, so I flew back to Montgomery to see what would happen to it.

The disc was delivered to Susan McHenry, personally, and she immediately tried to make a copy. Dad had expected something like that, so he had copy-protected the DVD. He had some tricks of his own that made it impossible to copy the DVD either to standard memory or to another disc, so she was frustrated in all of her efforts. I could not help laughing when she reached the point of throwing things, but she never threw the important disc.

Susan called the telephone number in Atlanta and reported that the DVD had been picked up. Of course, she never said anything about her efforts to copy it. The man at the other end of the line said that the DVD would be picked up by a messenger in two days, and she should keep it securely locked up until then. Susan had already stashed the DVD in a locked safe in her office, so that was not a problem for her.

Just in case, I returned to Montgomery and my surveillance the next day, but nothing of interest happened that day. The next day was a different story. A man from a private messenger service turned up and asked for the disc. I scanned him, and he knew nothing beyond the fact that he was to pick up a small package and to deliver it to an address in Marietta, an Atlanta suburb.

As soon as the messenger left the Conner & Conner Consultants offices in Montgomery, Ann and I flew to Marietta to check out the address in question. As expected, we found an empty building. A few hours later, the messenger showed up and dropped the package through the mail slot in the door and left. He had been paid in advance, so he had no further need to hang around.

Two hours or so later, a man showed up and unlocked the door to the building. He stayed only long enough to pick up the package. Ann and I followed as he carried the package to a palatial home outside Marietta. At last! We had found the people who had ordered the extortion of Dad's program. Ann and I hung around while I probed the mansion.

The package was opened immediately to make sure that it was not a bomb. When its safety was assured, the disc was passed along to another person who put it into a computer to test it. She found that the disc seemed to be what was expected, so she reported such to her boss. He jubilantly reported the fact to his boss, and an impromptu party was held in the executive suite. The champagne flowed like water, and everybody got soused. I scanned all of the executives and we headed home.

Back in Dothan, I found out that Dad had been signaled when the disc had been checked the first time. The address reported to him was the address of the mansion, so we knew that much of the software worked as Dad had intended. Dad was pleased, but I just took for granted that any software written by my father was going to work as ordered.

Dad settled down to monitoring the computer for usage reports on his hacking software while I went back to monitoring Conner & Conner Consultants. I was not going to let them kill any more people if I could prevent it. Furthermore, I was especially annoyed with Susan McHenry, and I was looking forward to her downfall. What I didn't know, yet, was the best way to do that.

The next two weeks were not exactly dull, but there were no more murder contracts issued. The case of Dr. Hilton was still a concern, but he was being ignored for the moment; I had no idea why. There was a kidnapping planned for a high school age daughter of a very wealthy family in Mobile. That I planned to foil, but I had to wait for the final plans of the operation before I could act.

Other than that, I started looking for leads to organizations similar to Conner & Conner Consultants. I knew that Conner & Conner Consultants could not possibly be the only outfit engaged in this kind of misdeeds, so I started searching the minds of the Conner & Conner Consultants employees to see if they could give me any clues. I really had to dig deep to get the information that I was looking for, so it took me four days to complete my search.

There was such an operation in Miami, in New Orleans, and in Memphis. I was going to look into them as soon as I could take care of Conner & Conner Consultants and that gang in Marietta. The discovery of these three organizations alerted me to the fact that there must be one or more of these outfits in every state. Hell, I could spend my life just chasing them down! The question was whether or not I wanted to dedicate myself to that job. After all, I was still a teenager, and I recognized that I had a short attention span whenever any job became routine. That was one of the main reasons that I gave up on politics: there was so much dull routine associated with the job.

Oh, well, I still had Conner & Conner Consultants and the other gang as active opponents, and I was not about to quit on them. There was too much of a personal attachment with them to have that happen.

The two-week "vacation" ended with a murder contract, but this was an even bigger deal than usual. A woman wanted to bump off her husband and step son to collect on a monster life insurance policy. The charge was $500K, and the client did not bat an eye at the price. The catch to this was that the husband was the Speaker of the Alabama House of Representatives. There was a minor catch to the deal: this had to look like an accident because of a double-indemnity clause in the insurance policy. The step son was incidental to the insurance, but the woman wanted to make sure that she got the whole policy and did not have to split it with the boy.

Oops, the price was raised to $600K because the client could not pay until after the fact. She had no money of her own, and she did not dare spend so much money in one place. She would attract too much attention during the investigation if she was out an unexplained half a million dollars. Susan was sympathetic and agreed to the change if the wife agreed to the extra charge.

The next question was when the "accident" was to happen. The wife wanted the event to take place within the next four weeks because she had a cruise planned with her current boyfriend just after that time. Susan nodded in sympathy, and she promised to have the job completed by the deadline. I could read in Susan's mind that she already knew how to carry out the murder.

I knew the name of the intended victim because everybody knew him. He was expected to win the race for Governor at the next election, and he was already campaigning. The State Legislature was currently in recess, and the Speaker was already touring for votes. It would be easy to arrange for an automobile accident to take care of the Speaker, and his son was an avid SCUBA diver, so he would also be easy to knock over.

The Speaker was the person I intended to vote for in the election coming up. I would be 18 by then, so I would be able to vote in my first election. Therefore, I had a vested interest in keeping the man alive and in functioning order. Susan's tentative plan was to load a car with gasoline and crash it into the Speaker's campaign bus on a highway somewhere. She was already working on the details of her plan as the client was ushered out the door. The boy could be hit at any time because he spent so much time in the water.

My plan was to use TK to prevent the collision between the car and the bus. All I had to know was when the murder attempt was scheduled and take it from there. The boy was going to be a little more difficult to protect, but I considered having my concubines handle that chore. No teenage boy could resist having a gaggle of girls descend on him and ask him to teach them how to SCUBA dive. My concubines all thought that was a great idea and were more than ready to give it a try.

It wasn't difficult to find out where John Rigby's next diving trip was scheduled, and the girls were there in very fetching and revealing bikinis when he showed up at a diver's hangout to get his tanks topped off. John was not bad looking, so the girls were not being imposed upon when they were tasked with babysitting him. John pointed out that he was not a licensed instructor, but the girls insisted, so he gave in. From then on until the murder attempt, the girls were his constant companions.

Meanwhile, I kept up my visits to Conner & Conner Consultants and found out when the automobile "accident" was scheduled. The client was very anxious to see that the Speaker died, so she was stationed where she could see what was going on. The car was equipped with very rudimentary radio controls which were sure to be destroyed in the resulting fire, so that was not a problem. A corpse was placed in the car in the position of the driver so that no suspicion would be raised as to who the driver had been.

The accident was set up to occur on one of the ubiquitous farm-to-market roads that were so common in Alabama. The car was placed on a side road and was arranged so that it would T-bone the bus at high speed. The Speaker usually sat about midway down the length of the bus where he could talk to reporters as the bus drove to the next scheduled stop.

I had a side issue I planned to introduce into the scenario, and I had to be there to make sure that everything went according to my plan. The speed limit on these farm-to-market roads was 45 MPH, but most people drove at 55-60, and that was what I expected of the bus. As the bus approached the intersection, the car was started remotely and sent hurtling toward the bus.

I had two things to do. The first was to make sure that the car did not T-bone the bus, but just barely scraped its rear bumper. The second thing was to use TK to make sure that the wife who had ordered this was riding in the passenger seat of the car. Fortunately, I knew exactly where she was, so she was easy to grab.

She was so surprised when I picked her up with TK that she did not fight me when I stuffed her into the car. There was no time to fasten her seatbelt, but I didn't worry about that. I controlled the car with TK and had it strike the bus just where I had planned. The car had been rigged with a contact fuse to set off the gasoline fire just in case the impact alone had not been enough. The flash of the exploding gasoline was as spectacular as one would expect.

Nobody aboard the bus had been injured, and I had insured that by creating a frozen-air shield between the car and the bus. I did bend the rear bumper of the bus to make it look like the car had barely contacted the bus. Naturally, the wife was killed in the fire, and I thought that was a fitting punishment for a gold-digger such as she was.

The bus driver stopped as quickly as he could, and somebody aboard the bus used a cellphone to call 911 for help. I checked the bus and found that everybody there was unhurt, though a few were shook up by the fire that had just missed them. That was enough information for me, and I left.

Two days later, the news media reported that the woman in the car had been identified as the wife of the Speaker. It was assumed that she was rushing to catch up to the bus to join him on his campaign tour. The whole thing was classed as an "unfortunate accident" and left there. Susan called off the murder of John Rigby as there was nothing for Conner & Conner Consultants to gain from his death. She just wrote off the fiasco as a business expense and went about her business.

The next day was very disappointing for John as my concubines all kissed him goodbye and returned home. I don't know what excuse they gave for canceling the lessons, but I am sure that he was crushed to be abandoned like that.

The next couple of days were quiet, but Dad was jarred into action by the signal from his computer that someone had tried to use the hacking software. He had the name of the victim and what was being stolen as soon as the connection was made. It turned out that the crooks were looking for credit card numbers. Dad had made sure that any such effort would return garbled data that looked like encryption. There was no way for anyone less knowledgeable or experienced than Dad to recognize what was wrong, so the data were safe. Dad just laughed and let it go. He knew that the crooks would waste weeks trying to decode the data, but would never manage to do it.

Dad did call the IT (computer) manager of the victim and warn him to change his encryption equations just in case he was hit again. The victim was one of Dad's regular customers, and this call was not very unusual. The IT manager thanked Dad for his call, and that was the end of that.

I discussed the situation with Dad, and he agreed that we had milked Conner & Conner Consultants for about all it was worth. I wanted to destroy Conner & Conner Consultants right away, and Dad did not ask me how I was going to do it. I was not sure of the details, myself, but I was going to start work on it. My first move was to get rid of the agents who did the murders. After that, I would take care of Susan McHenry. The last item on the agenda was to make sure that Conner & Conner Consultants did not resurrect the murder organization. To do that, I was going to have to question Susan in detail.

I had a list of the murderers, so I went after them, one by one. I did not involve the concubines in this phase of the operation because I did not want them to know just how bloodthirsty and vindictive that I could be. Each of the murderers was taken up into the air by TK and moved out over the Gulf of Mexico about 50 miles. I wanted them to be well out of sight of anyone when I dropped them from 10,000 feet. I hope the sharks enjoyed the snacks.

That took almost two weeks, and you can bet that the people left at Conner & Conner Consultants were running around trying to figure out what was going on. That was not doing them any good since the agents just disappeared into thin air as far as those who were left were concerned. I finally worked my way down until Susan was the only one who was left.

I used the same ducts that I had used to get in contact with Dave, the murdered sex toy. I was waiting in her office one morning when she walked in. To say the least, Susan was startled to see me, and she ordered me to leave in her bitchiest voice.

"I am not sorry to say, Susan, that this is your last day on Earth. You have murdered too many people already, and I am only sorry that I did not find you sooner."

Susan was quick to react to my statement, and she tried to snatch the door open to escape. I had sealed the door with TK, and only I could open it. Next, she pulled a large caliber automatic and tried to shoot me. Okay, I showed off as I caught each bullet in my hand as she fired at me. The sound of that gun was almost enough to shatter an ordinary eardrum, but it did not bother me. The sound proofing of her office kept anyone else from hearing the shooting.

Next, I plopped her in a chair and tied her in place with bonds of frozen-air. At that point, I did an in-depth scan of her mind to try to find out who else at Conner & Conner Consultants knew what was going on. It turned out that there were two men on the Board of Directors who knew and who arranged to keep this department of Conner & Conner Consultants going without interference from anyone else. I tagged their names for future reference and continued with my search. Susan's mind was a cesspool of hate and vileness. She considered herself superior to anyone else on the planet, and intended to rule the Earth before she died. The only rights that anyone had was the right to serve Susan McHenry.

I spent over two hours going through her mind, and it was a sickening trip. If anyone ever deserved death, it was Susan McHenry. Strangely, she was not afraid of me or what I could do to her. In a fit of bravado, I decided to show her what I could do. I never touched her with my hands, but I used TK to strip every stitch of clothing from her. I was amazed at how good she looked even with her clothes off.

That demonstration did frighten Susan, but not as much as I had hoped. Then it dawned on me how to get to her emotional roots. I fashioned a razor from frozen-air and proceeded to shave her head. That broke through, and she started to cry. I even shaved her eyebrows, but I did not have the opportunity to shave her pussy hair because she had already done that.

"You must know by now that I am truthful when I say that I will kill you. Do you have a preference in the way that you die?"

"No, you bastard! You don't have the guts to kill me! I am so superior to you that you should be groveling at my feet right now. Release me, and I will show you who is in charge here."

I laughed at that. "If you are so superior to me, how is it that I am free and you are the one who is bound to that chair?"

She had no answer to that. Well, I was tired of fooling around, so I released her from the chair, but bound her wrists and feet. I didn't want her to think that she had won anything from me. I smashed an outside window with TK and lifted us both outside. I carried us straight up to about 5,000 feet in altitude and headed to the gulf.

When we got there, I found some sharks near the surface and lowered Susan slowly to them. I released her bounds about five feet above the water and dropped her the rest of the way. Naturally, she tried to swim away, but mostly she just flailed in the water. That attracted the sharks, and it was not long before the feeding frenzy started. That was enough for me, and I flew home.

The next day, I found the two Board members who had made Susan McHenry's operations possible. In each case, I broke an outside window and had them jump out to their death on the street below.

As far as I was concerned, that was the end of my involvement with Conner & Conner Consultants.
Chapter 18
Home | Top | aubie56's Page |   Feedback to author



 
Home | aubie56's Page « A Fantastic Ring Index « Previous
Chapter 18
Posted: June 19, 2012 - 01:45:22 pm

That gang in Marietta really got my goat. I asked Dad why I could not go ahead right now and clean their clocks. He thought about it for all of 30 seconds before saying for me to go ahead. He just warned me to be careful. He was certain that these guys would have no qualms about killing me or anyone else in the family. I hadn't thought of that last little bit, but I thought that my concubines could take care of anything that showed up. That may have been the enthusiasm of youth, but I really felt that way.

I took Sally with me this time. There was no special reason for that—it was just her turn. We flew directly to Marietta, and I pushed our speed as hard as I could. I even went supersonic whenever I thought that I could get away with it. I did stay close to the ground, though, so I did make a mess of some wilderness areas, and I wish now that I had been more careful. We got there about 9:00 AM and went into hiding. I wanted a chance to mentally scan the place before we blundered into something that we couldn't handle.

I looked around and started scanning the minds from the top down. The executives were about as evil as you could hope to find this side of a cesspit. They would sell anything, including each other, if the price were right, and that price did not have to be very high. On the other hand, they were scared of their own shadow, so they were extremely dangerous.

There was one big boss, four sub-bosses, and seven captains. All of these men lived in the mansion. None of them had conventional families; instead, they had what they called "mistresses," but they were hardly more than sex slaves. There were no children, of course, because the executives were both too selfish to take a chance on having to share what they had, and too insecure to want any possible tug on their emotions. They certainly did not love their mistresses.

About 15 people worked as clerks and secretaries, and 10 worked as specialists, such as computer repair technicians. The reason the number of clerks and secretaries varied was because they were killed the moment they showed any sign of anything less than complete loyalty to their immediate boss. Once you started working for this bunch, you were hooked for life, and that might not be a very long time!

My investigation to this level took four days, and all of the women who came with me were bored to death. None of them were anxious to make a second trip as long as I was not going to do any more than I had been doing. I was not surprised, and I was actually happy that the women wanted to stay home. I thought that I could work better by myself on this kind of job.

None of the workers inside the mansion ever left. That included everybody from the top boss to the lowest clerk. The bosses stayed where they were safe, but the workers were imprisoned, for practical purposes. The workers were well paid, but they really had little that they could spend their money on. Most of them thought that they could work in the mansion for a while and accumulate a nice stash of money and then leave. What they didn't know was that nobody left except in the proverbial pine box.

Any outside work, such as was done by that telephone answerer, were people hired from a local gang that did what it was told for the money and never asked questions. Very few of the people who were not bosses actually knew what they were doing. Oh, they knew that it was illegal, but that was about the limit of their knowledge. Anybody who learned any more than that was "fired."

Okay, that meant that all I really wanted to remove were the 12 bosses and managers. The rest of them were petty crooks at worst, and could not be a major threat to society if they were allowed to run loose. What I needed to do was to collect these 12 men into one place and eliminate them. The rest, including the mistresses, could be turned loose to fend for themselves.

I noticed that the only time all of the 12 were together, more or less separated from the other people in the building, was during lunch. They all ate lunch together and used the opportunity to discuss current projects and possible new ones. That was when I would grab them. I could seal them up with frozen-air walls while I did a detailed scan of each mind. I didn't know what I was looking for, but I would know it if and when I found it.

Well, this was as good a day as any to do that, so I got to work on my task. They were all collected in the dining room and eating by 12:30, and that was when I struck. I simply sealed the room in a hollow cube of frozen-air. I perforated the walls of the cube so that they would not suffocate before I was finished with them.

I started with the boss of bosses, since I figured that he would be the most fruitful. Man, was I wrong! He was nothing but a mass of walking greed. He already had a plan in mind for eliminating each of his subordinates as soon as he was dispensable. Of course, he was going to keep all of the proceeds of their activities for himself. Mistresses would be eliminated out of hand.

I did not get one bit of useful information from him, so I began looking at the four lesser bosses. They were nearly as bad as the main boss, but their attention was more focused on getting rid of him and becoming the main boss themselves. Other than that, they were concerned about keeping their underlings in line.

I was pretty damned disgusted by the time I got to the lowest level of bosses. Their main concern was in staying alive long enough to replace their current boss. Of course, they did concern themselves with doing the best job they could within their particular bailiwick. They were looking for new ways to make money for the gang, but that was always secondary to staying alive long enough to rise to the next level.

The only useful thing that I did get out of this exercise was that I found out where the software DVD from Dad had been stored. It had not been used more than that once to try to collect credit card numbers, and they were still trying to decode the data that they had downloaded. One or more heads were going to roll pretty damned soon if that problem was not quickly solved. I was almost tempted to hold off my retribution until after I saw what happened there, but I decided not to stall around that long.

I decided that none of these guys were worth saving, and I did have other things that I wanted to do, so I figured that I would just kill them by stopping their hearts and removing the frozen-air barrier. That only took a matter of minutes to accomplish, and I was ready to pick up the DVD. I had the combination to the safe, so I did not need any help from anyone else to do that job. I broke into the front door of the mansion by sheer force of my TK and went to the safe I was interested in.

I was still wearing my camouflage skin coloring, and I scared the Hell out of anyone who saw me. I opened the safe and pulled out the DVD. I used TK to crush it until it melted, and that was the end of its usefulness. There were several people standing around in shock staring at me, and I said to them, "You are free to leave now. All of the bosses are dead. I suggest that you grab what you can and get the Hell out of here before you get into all kinds of trouble. Nobody will try to stop you, yet, but I cannot say what will happen when the bodies begin to decompose. Tell everybody else to run, too. I wish you good luck. Goodbye."

With that, I went outside and flew home.

Now that I had put down two of our main enemies, I turned my attention to the KGC. I was not sure just how much of a danger they really were, but I was still upset over their efforts to kill me. I had determined in my scanning of the minds of the crooks in Marietta that they had not been associated with the efforts on my life, except that they had tried to take credit for them to put pressure on Dad. The real threat to me had been from the KGC, and I wanted to pull them down before they took it into their heads to go after somebody who could not defend himself from them.

I knew the identities of a few of them, and I expected to get the names of the rest of the crew from the ones that I knew. I talked to Dad about just how I should get the retribution I wanted, and he convinced me that simply killing the fools would not be an adequate punishment. Instead, he suggested that a public humiliation would be a lot harder for those blowhards to stand, so that was what I set out to do. This was going to take longer, but would probably be a lot of fun in the long run.

The head mucky-muck of the local crew was a banker who was as pompous as you could hope to find anywhere. I discussed the situation with my concubines, and we came up with what we thought would be the most embarrassing kind of revenge. Cyrus Crawford was 52 years old, and had spent that entire time learning how to be a bigot. Of course, his target was anyone with any Black heritage, so that was where I started.

One morning after he had arrived at work, I encased him in the same kind of frozen-air armor that my family wore. However, I made the color of this armor a dark chocolate brown. Cyrus Crawford now looked like the epitome of that hated "nigger race." Cyrus was shocked to the core when his skin seemed to turn this color. His first thought was to hide himself from the public until he could wash it off. He did not know at that time that there was no way for him to remove the color, and I certainly didn't tell him.

Crawford stayed in his office all day and would not allow anyone in to see him. He waited until everyone else had gone home before he sneaked out to his waiting car which was parked in the alley behind the bank. His chauffeur, a Black man, naturally, was not even allowed to see him as Cyrus entered the car. Unfortunately from Cyrus' point of view, there was no way to keep the chauffeur from seeing him when Cyrus exited the car.

Not only that, several of the servants in the house, most certainly the Black butler saw Cyrus as he came in the door. It did not take long for word to spread all through the staff that Cyrus' skin had changed color. This precipitated a great deal of amusement among the servants because everyone knew of their employer's bigotry.

Cyrus, Jr. happened to be home from college, the University of Alabama, at that time, and could not help laughing when he first caught sight of his father. That got him banished back to the university forthwith—he did not even have time to eat supper before being thrown out of the house!

Mrs. Crawford was able to contain herself and did not laugh out loud, but she was as amused by her husband's discomfort as anyone else. She, too, was as much of a bigot as Cyrus, and she banned him from her bed until he could get rid of that disgusting skin color. She, an upstanding White aristocrat, was not going to be fucked by a black cock, no matter what the source.

Cyrus headed for the shower and spent the whole time in there trying to wash off the dark skin color. He stayed until the hot water was gone and even suffered through a dash of cold water as he tried to wash his skin back to its original color. He was at his wit's end when he could not get the color off. He even resorted to telephoning his doctor, a life-long friend, to ask him to come to his home for consultation. Of course, the doctor did not make house calls, but he did acquiesce when Cyrus finally explained the problem. By the way, the doctor was on the KGC list I had.

The doctor showed up and worked over Cyrus' skin with everything that he kept in his little black bag. He had some powerful bleaching agents in that bag, but nothing would remove the color. I had the armor protect Cyrus' skin from the bleaching agents since I did not want to cut short his period of suffering.

Cyrus did not go to the dining room for dinner that night. Instead, he ate alone in his study because he did not want to show off his new skin color. Cyrus spent the night in a guest room because his wife would not let him sleep with her. She did not want to risk catching whatever was affecting him. I toyed with the prospect of changing her skin color, too, but I let that idea slide for the moment.

I was having a ball listening via mind scans to the suffering that Cyrus was going through. My family was also enjoying the event as I relayed to them what was going on. Cyrus' bigotry was well known throughout Dothan, so we could well understand the agony that he was going through.

Cyrus had hoped that the affliction would wear off over night, but he was downcast to discover that he was still the same color when he woke up as when he had retired the previous night. Oh, well, back to the shower to try to get that damned color off of his body. He spent an hour in the shower trying various things, including laundry bleach, to clear his skin, but nothing would work. In despair, he dressed minimally and ate some breakfast in private.

He refused to go in to work and assumed the lifestyle of a hermit in fear of being seen. Of course, by now, word of his predicament was spreading through town as the household staff spread the word. The Black population of Dothan was amused beyond words and the bigoted portion of the White population was horrified. The latter group hoped that this was not a contagious disease that was going to spread throughout the city. The rest of the population just laughed at Cyrus Crawford and his troubles. I wondered which of those two attitudes would have upset Cyrus the most if he knew of them.

This was so much fun that I started spreading the "sickness" throughout the bigoted population, starting with Mrs. Crawford. That poor woman almost went insane when she saw the change taking over her body. Of course, she blamed her husband for bringing the problem home, and she probably would have shot him if she had ready access to a gun.

I arranged to have the affected person's skin change color gradually as if it were caused by an advancing sickness. It amused me to see the gradually darkening skin in about 35% of the White population. On the other hand, I was gratified to see that 65% were not affected, but most of these were children. At least that bode well for the future.

This changing of the skin color became a burden before I had completed my work with the population in Dothan. I had hoped to spread this "sickness" over the whole state of Alabama, and eventually over the whole country, but it simply became too time consuming, and I had to settle for doing it only for Dothan and its environs.

That little game took about two weeks, and I had lost track of my original plan. Now that a lot of the population was turning color, Cyrus had broken out of his spell as a hermit and was returning to his former routine. However, his wife had still not opened her bed or her legs for him. She considered that the whole thing was his fault! Somehow, word of that had also gotten around town, and Cyrus was the laughingstock of the business community.

Much to my surprise, that was the last straw as far as Cyrus was concerned. First, his skin had darkened, and now his manhood was under attack. That was all he could take, and the next morning he was found hanging in his study. Because he had not known what he was doing, he had strangled to death, and the coroner estimated that it had taken him about 20 minutes to die. Well, so much for Cyrus Crawford, now it was time to hit the rest of the local KGC hierarchy.

I decided to make a big show out of this, so I intended to strike against all of them at the same time. There were 19 left in the upper echelons of the KGC around Dothan. I arbitrarily selected a Wednesday night to strike. Each one would have to be dealt with individually, so I got started as soon as it got dark. I had found an unused barn that I could store my victims in until I was ready for them to show up in public.

The first part of the night, I collected them and stowed them in the barn. Once I had all of them collected, I proceeded to work on them as fast as I could because it was getting close to dawn. Each man was bound hand and foot with nylon cable ties after he was stripped of any night clothes that he might have been wearing.

The next step was to fasten a length of rope around his penis and scrotum. I made sure to include his penis because I wanted to make sure that his balls were not crushed by the next step. I used TK to convey each man to a lamp post along Main Street in Dothan and tied the other end of the rope so that he hung by his genitalia from the lamp post.

I had my concubines in place to take photographs of the hanging men as they were put into place. There were no photographs made of me, so my anonymity was preserved. The screaming from the pain was sure to draw someone eventually, so I was certain that the men would not be hanging there very long. As it happened, the Fire Department cut them down, but the last man was not removed before a large crowd had gathered. This included TV cameras, so a lot was recorded by the news, though not every one.

I took care of that by having the photos that my concubines had taken printed out and scattered throughout the Dothan area. They were also sent to the news outfits all over the South. The photos were accompanied by an explanation of why the show had been put on. Included was a threat to repeat the episode against any KGC or KKK-like group that dared show its ugly head. A couple of days later, the strange skin color problem disappeared. That produced a collective sigh of relief.

Now I was free to attack those murder for hire organizations that I knew of and to start looking for others. I had resigned myself to remaining in hiding for the rest of my life as I fought against those people and groups who tried to take advantage of innocents. I came to the conclusion that there was too much evil afoot in the world for me to give up my duties as a crime fighter. I had unique tools and abilities that made me the only barrier to chaos in many cases. For no particular reason, I decided to look into the situation in Miami first.

They weren't happy about it, but I left my harem at home while I made my first trip to Miami. I thought that Miami was a bit too far to commute home each day, so I would try being celibate while on this adventure. I made a point of fucking each of my women thoroughly before I left, and I hoped that would hold them while I was gone.

Florida was full of various kinds of radar installations, so I had to be careful to stay as low as possible as I flew to Miami. I literally skimmed the tree tops in most places as I stayed low to be out of easy radar detection. I could have been spotted if the people had known what to look for, but I had been keeping a low profile, and very few people knew that I could fly.

I took it easy and allowed myself two hours to get to Miami. Once there, I landed on a rooftop near where my target was reputed to hang out. It was still dark when I arrived, and I wasn't spotted. I planned to use my previous plan of scanning passersby until I found a person who could lead me to the main headquarters.

I was not having any luck finding my target, but something happened to liven up the day. I spotted a car headed toward a bank with the people inside intent on robbing it. Now, that was something that I could easily deal with, especially with the ocean so near to us.

I put a frozen-air shell around the car to trap the bandits inside while I dealt with the situation. Then it dawned on me that my only way of dealing with the situation as it currently stood was to kill the four men and women in the car. That hardly seemed an appropriate punishment, so I removed the shell and let the car arrive at the bank.

The robbers ran inside and shouted that a holdup was in progress. That was when I shielded the bank with frozen-air so that none of the crooks could escape. One of the tellers beat me to it by tripping the silent alarm. The bandits didn't know it, but I used TK to freeze the gun mechanisms so that they would not shoot. The robbers were now disarmed, but I was the only one who knew it.

The bandits went through the routine of collecting the money from the tellers and as much as they could carry from the vault. I wondered where the cops were; they were taking a Hell of a long time to show up. Just as I thought that, I heard sirens approaching the bank. Okay, that's better!

A moment later, one of the women shouted, "COPS ARE ON THE WAY!" That precipitated a rush for the front doors, but they would not open. They were held immoveable by TK. Now the bandits were in a panic. I was still outside of the bank, but I could see what was going on by looking through the eyes of the people inside. I was not worried about anybody being seriously hurt because of the fact that the crooks' guns would not work.

The cops showed up and surrounded the building. That was when I released the TK lock on the doors. The cops went through their usual routine when facing bank robbers and I left. There was nothing else for me to do, and I wanted to get back to looking for that murder gang. I flew back to my perch and returned to scanning everybody who passed by.

At last! I found somebody who seemed to be associated with the murderous gang. I followed him from building to building until he entered an office building that appeared to cater to Hispanics. I say that because all of the signs were in Spanish with small English captions. Fortunately, Juanita had done an excellent job of teaching me the type of Spanish commonly spoken in the USA, so I had no trouble reading the signs.

The mark pushed the elevator button for the sixth floor and rode up. However, when he got to that floor, he got off and took the fire stairs down one floor to the fifth. Dammit, did he expect to be followed, or was he just being his normal cautious self? I couldn't tell, but I mentally followed him to an office that was reputed to be occupied by a group of lawyers. He went in and nodded to a female receptionist.

The mark walked to a small office and went in. He sat at a desk and began to read a newspaper. Not long after that, his intercom buzzed, and he was told that a certain Señor Varnez would see him. Again, I followed him down a hall to a somewhat larger office. The man at the desk stood up, and they shook hands. There was a short conversation about inconsequential things, but the conversation soon turned to stuff that I was interested in.

It seemed that the firm had a new client. He was charged with murder, and there was one eyewitness who was the anchor of the case. The new client wanted the witness removed from circulation permanently, and had paid $750K for the job. This was a simple assassination that did not require much preparation. The job was just to kill the witness by any means necessary. There was no need to make it look like an accident or any other such misdirection.

My mark said that he would handle the case personally, but who was the victim? Ah, that explained why the price was so high for such a simple deed: the victim was the niece of the mayor of Miami. She had seen the murder at a party she had been attending. Others had seen the murder, but were not so foolish as to admit that. My mark left the office after saying that he knew the girl by sight and would take care of the job this afternoon, or tomorrow at the latest.

Uh-oh, I had to work fast. I was about 500 yards away from the murderer and not where I could actually see him. I had only my mental link to use in following him, but that would not let me down. I could freeze the murderer's heart and stop him, but that would leave him where he could be easily found. I really wanted to make his death look like a suicide if I could. That should confuse things enough to let me get myself organized in Miami and ready to fight the organization.

I took the easy way out and waited until the murderer entered the stairs. I froze him there and lifted him to the roof. It was simplicity itself to use TK to carry him to the edge of the roof. I removed his bonds and dropped him over the edge of the building. He fell eight floors, and that was enough to remove him from the scenario.

I still had to find a better way to protect the girl, and that meant finding who it was who wanted her dead. The easiest way to get the information that I needed was to go back to the office on the fifth floor and scan the minds of the people there. There were not nearly as many as I had encountered in Montgomery, and almost all of them were directly involved in the murders. I was in a hurry to make sure that the girl was safe, so I concentrated on Sr. Varnez. He had all of the details of the contract in his head.

I found out that the contract had been signed that morning, and that was the reason that everything was so fresh in his mind. The man ordering the assassination was Henry Montoya. He was a small time hit man who wanted to be obviously somewhere else when the assassination took place, so that was why he had come to Sr. Varnez. The contract would become moot if I could eliminate Montoya.

At that moment, Montoya was on a commercial jet headed for New Orleans, and he was going to be very noticeable in that city until after the assassination was complete. It was too late to catch him before he left Miami, but I knew what he looked like because Sr. Varnez had remembered his face.

I flew to New Orleans at my best speed and beat the jet there by about 15 minutes. Naturally, there was still a few minutes of delay before the landing, and Montoya was in no hurry to deplane. He talked to a female flight attendant long enough to be sure that he would be remembered before he left the plane. She turned down his offer of a date, and that was all Montoya was looking for.

He picked up his bag at the luggage claim area and headed out to find a taxi. Again, he planned to make sure that a lot of people had seen him in New Orleans on this trip. Traffic was heavy, and the trip was long—pretty much the standard for trips to and from a major airport.

Montoya rode the taxi to the fanciest hotel in town and sent the taxi on its way. He did not have a reservation, but that was not important. The important thing was to have himself noticed. The penthouse was available, and Montoya was delighted to book that. Definitely, they would remember him, now. He rode up in the elevator and entered his room. The bellhop was tipped lavishly, and Montoya relaxed after the man cleared the room.

That was when I struck. I enmeshed Montoya in a net of frozen-air and a ball gag made of the same stuff. He had a balcony overlooking the city, and that was perfect for my purposes. I dropped him over the railing and removed the frozen-air as he fell the 12 stories. He made quite a splash as he hit the sidewalk. Unfortunately, a nicely dressed old lady was splashed with blood when Montoya landed, but we can't have everything turn out perfectly.

That afternoon, Montoya's death made the evening TV news in Miami because such a suicide was such a rarity among the city's Hispanic population. I checked, and Sr. Varnez did hear the report. He mentally crossed that contract off his to-do list and pocketed the $750K as found money.

The next day, I scanned the rest of the agents in that office and found links to two more of the murder-for-hire operations that I had not known of. I also found that this office operated internationally! They sent assassins to various Caribbean Islands to fulfill contracts. There were not many of these, but they were very profitable: the usual fee was $1.75 million.

There was also the occasional contract for a murder aboard a cruise ship. This normally was solved by simply dumping the victim over the side at night after slitting his or her throat. As a result, the charge was only $500K, unless more than one victim was marked. That usually raised the price in $250K increments.

It happened that such an assassination was scheduled for a ship sailing in two days. Hell, this was getting complicated. I was amazed at how busy this office was. I was going to have to treat this outfit the way I did the Marietta gang and simply wipe them out without being fancy about it. All but two of the agents were in the office that morning, so I simply stopped their hearts from beating. The very low level employees who had nothing to do with the murders were ignored. I have to admit that I laughed at the chaos that developed when so many seemingly healthy people dropped dead from "heart attacks" at one time. The morgue was overwhelmed by the number of autopsies called for.

The two agents that I missed were out on assignment. Fortunately, I knew something of where they were, so I was in a position to block their assassination attempts. One was in Hialeah and related to the race track there. An official of the race track was scheduled to testify before a grand jury about attempted race fixing, and he was expected to expose a number of people in the Miami area who had a finger in that operation. He was another one of those people who were to be eliminated by any means necessary.

There had been a lot of dithering around and the assassination had been put off several times. Now it was do-or-die. The man was scheduled to testify that afternoon, so an agent was sent out to shoot him at a distance with a sniper's rifle. I did not have more detail than that, and I did not know exactly where the assassin could be found.

My only hope for preventing the assassination was to follow the intended victim and try to spot the assassin in time. Then it dawned on me that I could give the victim a coat of temporary body armor that I could remove as soon as the danger had passed. That I did, but I still intended to follow the original plan so that I could find the assassin.

I spotted the target and immediately applied the body armor. By this time, I was so skillful in applying the armor that the man never knew that he was protected. I was not worried because my TK armor would stop even a .50 caliber bullet, and I could not envision anybody having anything any more powerful than that.

The victim had his own limousine to take him to the courthouse, so I had no trouble following him from the air. My only concern was in staying below the radar beam from the Miami International Airport. That could pick me up if I flew too high, but I was careful to stay low enough to be lost in the ground clutter seen by the radar.

Either the assassin was going to have to wait until the limousine reached the courthouse or he was going to have to try to shoot through the window glass of the car. A high powered sniper round would have no problem penetrating the glass, but the shooter's aim could be disturbed by parallax or light reflected off the glass. Shooting through the door seemed to me to be too chancy for the assassin to try, so I was expecting a shot through the glass. In accordance with that thought, I also put a TK shield over all of the glass in the car. I figured that the intended victim was now as protected as he could be.

There was a section of street that was under repair, but there was no convenient way to bypass it, so I assumed that the assassination attempt would be made along there. I was correct. The assassin had one thing going for him: there were a number of jack-hammers being used to break up concrete. The noise from them would go a long way toward masking the sound of the shot. Even I, with my enhanced hearing, almost missed the sound of the shot being fired.

I quickly spread my mind scan around the car in a search for the gunman. The man in the car was unhurt; indeed, he was completely ignorant of the attempt on his life. He did hear the bullet hitting the window glass in the door, but the TK shield held as it was supposed to, and the flattened bullet fell harmlessly to the ground.

The assassin was so surprised at the failure of the bullet to penetrate even the window glass that he was slow to fire again. Nevertheless, he did fire a second shot with the same result. By this time, the car had moved far enough down the street that he had no opportunity for a third shot.

He was fretting so much about his missed second shot that he was busy thinking of what to do. Certainly, his life was forfeit for missing his kill. He knew that both his employer and the clients were going to be very unhappy about this missed opportunity. Therefore, he had tossed aside the rifle and was setting up an escape out of the country before his failure was discovered.

All of that turmoil in his mind was enough to set him apart when my mind scan hit upon him, and I had no difficulty in knowing who I wanted and where he was. I was tempted to let him go to run in fear for the rest of his life; that is, until he was caught and killed for his clumsiness. However, I was afraid that he would hire on with another outfit and return to murder for hire because he needed money. I committed his information on his criminal dealings to my memory stores before I stopped his heart. That finished him off, and I now had one more murderer to track down and eliminate.

This assassin was scheduled to work on the cruise ship leaving port the day after tomorrow. I knew the names of the people involved in this assignment, so all I had to do was to check the records to determine the staterooms they would occupy. The victims were a married couple with one child traveling with them. The contract was to kill all three. There was a plot afoot to "inherit" the assets of the family, and that was why the child also had to be eliminated. There was only one assassin, so I figured that I could do the job very easily.

I was certain that the assassin would want to wait until the ship was far enough away from shore so that the bodies would not drift to land. In that case, he would wait until the ship was well out to sea, and that probably meant that the murders would not take place until at least two days into the cruise. That was not a problem: I had his name and cabin number, so I would have no trouble in finding him.

I flew out to the ship the night after it left port to take care of the assassin. I wanted to keep the operation simple, so I just found him and stopped his heart after he had gone to bed. I was sure that this was not the first heart attack that the ship's doctor had had to deal with.

I headed home to spend some time with my family before going after more of the murder-for-hire operations and their clients. I was sure that I had a life-time job if I wanted it. Right now, I did.

I am asking for donations. I set up a PayPal account. If you donate and I don't reply, please let me know. All you have to do is to go to PayPal and send the contribution through them to my email address: aubie56@live.com If you would prefer to send a donation by snail mail, send me an e-mail and I will send you my mail address.
Your opinion is important:
Share with the others what you think about
"A Fantastic Ring"
     
Switch to Expanded voting form
The End

Go to aubie56’s Blog
Last entry on 2012-05-23
Posted: 2012-04-20
Last Modified: 2012-06-19 / 01:45:22 pm
Home | Top | aubie56's Page |   Feedback to author
