Home « Rod O'Steele's Page - Settings
A Perfect Wife
by Rod O'Steele
Copyright© 2010 by Rod O'Steele


Pages: Prev | 1 | 2 | Next

It is a public scandal that gives offence and it is no sin to sin in secret. - Moliere

Cathy

I am a lawyer, that is an expert in the law, at least the law says so, and that makes me familiar with the absolute injustice and inequities of the current laws. I started as a prosecutor which rubbed my nose in these wrongs on a daily basis. I was a federal prosecutor in the Eastern District of California. I've worked in all three divisions prosecuting drug crimes, 'white collar' crimes, and fraud. A lot of our work was things like tax fraud since all Americans believe they have a God given right to cheat on their taxes. There is so much cheating on taxes the IRS doesn't go after the small fry for prosecution anymore. It is the big cheats who wind up in our courtrooms. It is just the opposite for audits. The big guys have a bevy of tax attorneys fighting the IRS on everything so the IRS now audits the middle class because they fold under IRS pressure. Bank robbers were always a fun prosecution because anyone who robs a bank is stupid as well as dangerous. Banks have the most sophisticated anti-robbery systems and they don't have a lot of cash lying around anymore: too dangerous. Plus, the FBI goes after them like a religion and the crook gets 30 years in a Federal pen with no time off. Bank robbery is just dumb.

At the beginning of my career, I had to waste time prosecuting drug offenders. You ask, "Aren't drugs bad?" Yes, absolutely. Look, drugs are for losers. I can tell you every druggie I met had a big red L on their forehead; LOSER! Like any moral prohibition that gets legislated into law this one has failed. You cannot legislate people into being smart or even to be good, just like you can't bribe someone with welfare to be industrious. Losers are losers and getting their brains fried on drugs cannot be stopped by making it unlawful. They are going to do it anyway. Just like prohibition in the twenties funded and caused the organized crime families to band together in this country, so too the drug prohibition has led to organized crime on an International scale. There are few truly fundamental rules in nature. But this one is invariable. Prohibition always creates more problems than it solves. Any good prosecutor knows it is useless to legislate morals; we just lie when asked because our butts would be on the sidewalk if we told the truth.

So why did I make that career choice? I wanted to be a federal judge and prosecutor is a good path. Politics is the other path and I have put in my time on that one as well. Working in Sacramento, the state capital, put me in contact with politicians. At the time, the Democrats were running things in the state and I campaigned for them. But, and it was a big but, I saw that the winds they were a changing so the next election cycle I switched and was high up in the campaign for Ronald Reagan for governor. Did I sell my soul? Hell no! I sold my services to the highest bidder just like any good lawyer does. Well he won, twice, and I got the indebtedness of the Governor. Not long after of course he won the presidency, and I was big in his California campaign. So the first time a judgeship came open in the Ninth Circuit, whose name was on the top of the list? Humbly yours. Six years later, a spot came up on the Appellate court in Ninth Circuit and who did he pick?, little old me, Justice O'Hara. Do I feel bad about having to sell my soul for the job? No way, Jose. Politics has always been a dirty business and this was my goal. Now if I can just get lucky and get booted up to the Supremes...

Why all this preamble? Because I want to underline just how different the public perception can be from the private truth. In public, I am a fine upstanding judge, above reproach. In private?

I went to Boalt Hall, the Berkeley law school, one of the finest, by reputation in the country. While there, I did all the things you have to do to stand out, not high grades, but things like editor of the law review, clerking for a Justice in the Ninth Circuit right after graduation and politicking for a prosecutor position. While at Berkeley, I met my wife, Cathy; more about her in a minute.

During my undergraduate studies, I had a girlfriend, Lori. She was not the prettiest girl, long brunette hair, a few extra pounds, and glasses. But she had a sexual appetite that I didn't appreciate at the time. Being a studious nerd in high school, it wasn't until I got to college that I made it with girls. Due to this inexperience, I thought that all women were like Lori. Boy was I wrong. Lori loved, I mean, loved to please me sexually. And by that I mean anything I wanted. I was too callow at the time to understand, but looking back I think Lori was a natural sub and serving me sexually was how she got pleasure. All I had to do was hint. If I wanted to try a threesome, Lori asked what kind of girl and she would bring the girl home for our threesome. I mentioned anal one time as I had read a story about it and there was Lori, butt virgin, kneeling with her ass in the air and lube all over, wincing as I shoved my cock home, tears running down her cheeks but making nary a noise to disturb my pleasure. I wanted to try a virgin, Lori brought home a girl from her history class, eighteen, away from a sheltered fundamentalist Christian home for the first time, leaving her a bit at the mercy of the wolves, but curious, and my little female wolf helped me seduce her. Lori talked her out of her clothes and held her hand as I broke her cherry, then licked her sloppy pussy to an orgasm so the girl would enjoy it. And yes, the little sweetie came back for more. The threesomes with her were amazing. The girls would use me up first then proceed to get each other off for hours. Once she realized God didn't give a damn if, when, or whom she fucked and wasn't sending any lightning bolts, she made up for all the lost time caused by her zealous parents. Isn't it always the preacher's kids who are the nastiest? They know it is all hypocritical bullshit.

I wanted to try a young girl and Lori, having been a Girl Scout, joined a Girl Scout troop as an advisor. Lori talked with the girls, and being so close in age and not a mom, they opened up to her. One girl in particular, Jasmine, I still remember her name, was curious about sex. Lori encouraged her and finally told her she ought to try out sex with an experienced guy and Lori had just the guy. Lori brought her by one Saturday and we seduced little Jasmine, although it was hardly a seduction as Jasmine really did want to get her ashes hauled. I took her cherry and fucked her three times that afternoon, then Lori showed her a little Sapphic loving. What a sexual appetite Lori had and jasmine caught it from her I think. We actually had trouble convincing her that she needed to find a boyfriend more her age. She wanted to run away from home like the hippies then overwhelming San Francisco and move in with us.

Stupid me, and this shows how naïve I was, I broke up with Lori because she wasn't my physical ideal. I thought I could find girls like Lori anywhere. Then I went through a string of normal girls. Talk about disappointed... "That's dirty." "I don't do things like that." "Not me." "You're a pervert." Like I needed her to tell me that. I hit bottom with a girl who refused any oral sex, giving or receiving, and made me wear a rubber for sex and wouldn't touch it before or after, and sex only with the lights out and no touching before or after. It was like sex was a filthy perversion you do and forget about as soon as possible ... That girl broke me, which I suspect is the purpose of those centuries of teaching girls to act like that, break men's will by denying them the pleasure of unbridled sex. It is a centuries long conspiracy to strip men of their masculinity and give women all the power through controlling and doling out sex.

Horn dog me, I even tried to get Lori back but some smart fellow had already figured out what took me two more years to realize, and was engaged to her. She did give me a for-old-times mercy fuck which just made me even more certain I had fucked up. I cried in my bed as she left to go marry this jizz headed guy majoring in teaching. I could just see Lori years from now, getting this jerk's students in bed with him, "What dear, you'd like to fuck that cute little redhead in third period. Let me talk with her." Argh.

My second year in law school I got shanghaied to a party in the hills by my roommate. I usually detested parties since I knew by then I was forever to be disappointed in love as a punishment for dumping Lori. I had a beer and was wondering around the party when across the room, I saw her. I nearly lost it just looking at her. She was a gorgeous Japanese girl. I made a beeline for her and introduced myself. Her name was Cathy, always a favorite name of mine, something to do with that first lust of a blonde bimbo when I was fourteen, and I was in love. She was a student at Berkeley studying history with a goal of teaching at a college.

It was noisy, crowded, and smoky in the room so, I led her out the sliding door to the backyard which had a pool deck, looking out over the whole bay, lights glittering like diamonds in the breezy air; a night typical for summer in the bay area, cold air blowing in from the ocean. I was immediately cold. "Sorry," I said. "Looks like it's cold."

"I thought you did it on purpose, to see if my breasts were real," she said.

That caused me to look down at her tits filling her stretched knit top to perfection. Her nipples protruded in the cold air as hard as diamonds themselves. I looked back to her face to see the suppressed smile. "Got me," I said.

She laughed but didn't deny it. Cathy later told me she knew right then we were made for each other. She was able to tease me and I would get it, just a beat too late, and she's able to do that to this day. "Would you like to go back in?" I asked.

She brought her hands up and used one finger on each hand to circle her nipples, "No, I'm enjoying the evening."

I closed my gaping mouth and said, "I can see that." It was readily apparent that she wore no bra under that tight top as I could almost see the goose bumps on the areola surrounding her erect nipples.

Before you think, what a slut, Cathy would not have done this little show for just anyone. We had made this connection and we both felt it. Yeah, yeah, it was some sort of mystical claptrap that until it happens to your butt, you ain't ever going to believe it. But once it happens to you, man oh man, you know it's real. She knew she and I were going to be together and she felt comfortable teasing me this way. "Let's get out of here," I said.

"You have plans?" stating the obvious.

I nodded, not denying it for a moment, and took her hand leading her through the house. I stopped on the way and commandeered my roomies car keys telling him to stay out late. In the car we talked like old friends, no uhs or ahs or stumbles, just two people comfortably talking, not worried about saying the right thing.

Once at my place, Cathy followed me in and straight to my room. She came into my arms; no pretending this was anything other than it was:, sex. We kissed and once again, I felt this incredible connection. Soon, our clothes were flying as we undressed each other. Naked she pressed against me in a soul searing kiss, her hard nipples atop firm breasts boring into my chest, branding me with her desire as my erect cock tried to bore through her tummy and into her pussy. Cathy fell back onto my bed and I took a minute to really look at her. My God but she was beautiful; sexy and beautiful.

[Cathy]

She was perfection; her tits were firm and shapely with prominent nipples now hard and erect. Her belly was flat and taut, no extraneous fat there, her legs were toned and trim with not a drop of cellulite, her pussy was naturally trimmed with a small nest of lustrous black hair shapely without a razor being used and finally her face was round and pretty with her almond eyes lively and gleaming in the soft light.

I climbed onto the bed as she fell back pulling me over her. We kissed passionately as my hands found those perfect mounds and teased them. She was humping against me and I could feel the heat of her pussy. That drew me down between her legs until I was nearly overcome by the aroma of her arousal. Somehow, the chemical essences of each of us were aphrodisiacs to the other. My cock got even harder as I shoved my face into her pussy., and I found out later that Cathy experienced the same sort of physical reaction to me, getting wet and wanton as she breathed in the aromas of my skin.

She climaxed, crying out and pulling my face into her until I worried she would wring my head off my neck. She collapsed back onto the bed and I slid up her body until my cock caught in her notch. Like a hot knife through butter, my cock slid into her tight pussy which grabbed it and massaged it with velvety fingers all warm and greasy; it was like the best hand job, blow job, and fuck you ever had, all at once. I was banging her hard, but she kept coming back for more.

Cathy was my first Japanese girl and I have to admit, some of those horrible calumnies I heard as a kid came back. The truth is, of course, that we are all too closely related genetically for there to be any real difference in the reproductive systems of people. We are all cousins and genetic testing has proven that. I can affirm, now having tested girls, for scientific inquiry only, of all ethnic persuasions, that women the world over all suck the same, taste the same, and fuck the same. Hallelujah.

Turned out my roommate got lucky and the girl drove him back to our place. He invited her in and they must have come in right about then. As they sat in the living room, getting acquainted, meaning him trying to finish seducing her, we were making so much enthusiastic noise that she got intimidated and left. Cathy and I were banging the headboard pretty good as she was crying, "Fuck me! Fuck me hard! Yeah!" with the occasional scream and grunt thrown in. It was about then that I filled her with a week's worth of jizz, kicking her into another climax.

After a fuck like that, I knew lightning had struck twice and no way was I going to let this girl go. I made up my mind while my prick was still buried in her molten chute that I was going to marry this one. We lay together in bed and quietly talked for hours, finding out about each other, the details, since we had already connected in a deeply spiritual and physical way. Cathy was everything Lori had been but a smarter, beautiful woman as well, and biggest of all, she was my soul mate. I hate that phrase, like I was fated for Cathy. But once it happened, I swear I really did feel like it was Kismet;, we were fated to be together. I never wanted to be with another woman, I mean except for the occasional romp in the hay for recreational purposes, and that had nothing to do with the intense love I felt for Cathy.

Sex is not about procreation or love. It is strictly about recreation. As Richard Feynman said, "Science is like love making:, every once in a while, something useful comes of it, but that isn't why we are doing it." Americans have that all ass-backwards. The three western religions, Christianity, Rabbinic Judaism, and Islam all formed in the same milieu greatly influenced by a strain of sex hatred that existed in Israel in the first and second centuries BCE and CE. It burst out in the Essene groups which fostered Christianity and many of the Rabbinic authors of the Mishna, although to a lesser extent than the sex-hating Christians. Islam got this from those two religions.

The horrible thing is this sex hatred in human history is such an unusual and counter survival scheme. Anthropologists have found that 87% of human societies accepted polygamy in one form or another. Open sexuality has been the most common form of social structure in human history. We Americans are the heirs of an abnormal social tradition, sex abhorrence. It was just an atrocious accident of history that we westerners got stuck with it. Luckily for me, Cathy rejected the tradition.

Although both her parents were born in California they were both raised in traditional Japanese families. Like father like son and her father and mother were as traditional as their parents. Cathy rebelled big time, rebelled against those tight traditional strictures. Her mom and dad, whom I came to know and love, were essentially good people. Both were robbed of all of their money and property in WWII and sent to concentration camps at Manzanar.

Her dad, to get out of the concentration camp, served in the 442nd regiment, the most highly decorated army unit in WWII. They never complained about the government stealing their money and years of their life. They worked hard and built the American dream. They were truly amazing people. But they did try to rein in their freewheeling daughter and that caused her to go the other way. Cathy was a big time social rebel, traditional sex rules and roles being only one thing she rebelled against. She joined in the student rebellions Berkeley is famous for. Me, I wanted what the system could provide in money and comforts, thank you very much.

From that day we were an item, even if we were political opposites. I always thought it was stupid for both of us to go vote since we always cancelled each other's vote. We could stay home and have the same effect. There was never any doubt we were going to be married. It was accepted by both of us. The question was when. Both of us figured we would get married after I had a job and she finished her Graduate degree.

We did the usual talking about former lovers, a few for me a few more for her as it wasn't until she got away from mom and dad that she had the freedom to pursue sex as a leisure sport. When I told Cathy about Lori, she got, well, jealous isn't the right word, competitive might be better. Cathy didn't want any former girlfriend being better than she and she set out to prove it. If Lori could get a girl for a threesome, Cathy would get a stunningly beautiful girl for a threesome. She would show me who was better at getting my fantasies fulfilled. Not that I minded and it is possible that I even exaggerated the quality of girls that Lori procured just to get Cathy's juices worked up. Lori got me a virgin girl scout, Cathy did one better, she got the Law School Dean's virgin daughter. I don't know how she did it:, I was afraid to ask, but she did.

Here is another example. Like all men I have the sister fantasy. Maybe you have noticed that most of the popular American beers, meaning watered down, Bud, Coors, Miller, etc., sell their beers with suggested sex, bimbos in bikinis, to cover up the truth that their 'beer' tastes like flavored water. All of them have used twins in bikinis in their marketing at one time or another, appealing to that near universal sister fantasy. Cathy had an older sister and knew of my sister fantasy. We told each other our fantasies, even the darkest and most private. So she arranged, when her sister visited, to have Cathy and her sister sneak over when I was out and about and be in my bed, both gloriously naked and attack me when I came home from school. I have no idea how she convinced her sister to do it, but it was amazing to fulfill this fantasy. Cathy's sister sitting on my cock bouncing away as Cathy smiled and winked, rubbing my balls to make it even better.

Cathy's fantasies could be dark. Once, I had to dress up in black clothes and a ski mask and sneak into her apartment and rape her. She wanted a real rape which turned out not to be any fun for me. I had to climb up on her balcony and enter through the window. I just knew I was going to get arrested. Try explaining this to the cops; "Well you see officer, my girlfriend inside wanted me to rape her..." Cathy wanted to play real. It's no fun getting smacked while you are trying to get and keep a hardon, especially if you are wondering if she was going to play too real and knee you in the balls. It's even harder hitting a moving target with a semi soft cock bouncing around as she fought me like a wildcat. The only way a guy is ever going to rape her is to chloroform her first. Cathy had to get me some rope and help me tie her down and even then I had a hard time.

Looking back, I realize she introduced me to a lot of 'deviant' sex, at least most folks would consider it deviant, at least in public, even if they tried the same things behind that closed door. She had me tie her up and tease her until she was going crazy, then fuck her hard. Another time, I was fucking my Cathy's ass while down below, one girl was eating her pussy and I was looking at her other roomies' naked bouncing tits just inches away from my mouth while Cathy was eating her. I still remember, when we all collapsed and had recovered, one of the girls asking, "Can I be in the middle this time?" and Cathy answering like this was the most natural thing in the world, "Let's get him hard and do it now." Being Cathy's boyfriend, then husband, is a wild ride.

I had graduated and was clerking for a way liberal Justice when life happened to us. Turns out birth control pills aren't foolproof. One day Cathy's period didn't start when it should have. She called her doctor and he got her in that afternoon. After examining her, he said quit taking the pills and when she asked why, he explained it's bad for the baby. We went up to Reno for one of those five minute weddings. Both parents were pissed about missing the wedding until we explained why. Then they were pleased that they were going to be grandparents of a legitimate kid, not a bastard. Cathy finished her classes eight and a half months along. Two of her professors offered to let her take the finals early, afraid she'd have the kid in class I think. But she was a trooper and did all of the finals on time. Then she popped out our daughter, Alicia. Alicia was lucky; she took after Cathy in the looks department and not me.

Cathy went straight into a Doctoral program while I clerked and contrived for that prosecutor position. When she finished and handed in her dissertation on the under appreciation of women in history, women's studies not even a discipline yet, I got the job and we moved to Sacramento and started trying for kid number two. I wanted a boy but had to be very careful in expressing a preference. Remember those traditional parents. Well, in Japanese families boys are king. Their third kid was a boy, a young brother to two older sisters. Dad gave her mom a diamond ring for finally birthing the boy child. The two older girls felt the stigma, they were just girls. Cathy had a deep-seated and almost pathologic loathing of the boy preference. So when our second came out a girl, Marissa, I expressed nothing but joy. Marissa was a true hapa, half and half, but she wound up being beautiful even though she had my genes. There is something about those half Asian girls, something exotic and mysterious, something that just seems to take the best of both sides and produces beautiful women. It sure did for our daughters.

We found a swinger's group, actually Cathy found the group and it was made up of the elite of the Sacramento political scene. It was an unusual group as most of the members weren't married. The politicos left their wives home and I suspect most of the women who accompanied the men were professional, but if they were, they were the top of the heap: beautiful, skillful, and unreserved. Sometimes, Cathy would put on a show with one of the women just to get everyone in the mood. It got me in the mood. Years later I had guys still remembering those group meetings. I had a lot of political capital from them.

Cathy was teaching at a local college and I was working my way up the ladder at the office as well as expanding my network of politicos. I was always available to give some legal advice on Federal campaign and corruption laws and even some personal issues if I could. You have to understand that California, at the time, was the most corrupt legislature since Huey Long's Louisiana. Isn't it funny that the most corrupt politicians are the reformers working for the little guy? They know they are doing God's work so raking off the top or extorting money from businesses is justified by their calling. Sacramento made Daly's Chicago look wholesome. There was a hotel across the river from the State House, the El Rancho and every Friday the lobbyists, for their own good, were required to put on a blow-out party. Remember, all the politicos then were men. Jesse Unruh, head of the Assembly, was quoted as saying, "If you can't eat their food, drink their booze, fuck their women and still vote against their bill you don't belong in politics," and that's the way he ran the Assembly. It didn't get better. Willie Brown learned in Unruh's shadow. He once said, "If the voters wanted honest politicians, they wouldn't have voted for us." I suppose he was right that voters don't want honest politicians since the voters continued to re-elect the same sleaze bags election after election. The average voter wants a politician who steals from someone else and redistributes that money to them in the form of Government handouts. He forgets that when politicians steal, they rake off most in the bureaucracy, so everyone loses, but the bureaucrats.

We bought our first house, one with plenty of bedrooms and no commute for either of us. Cathy's commute took five minutes to work and mine was only ten minutes when the traffic was awful. In fact, Cathy would often walk to work except when it was raining.

It was a few years later when Cathy brought up the subject, would I like a son? I said all the appropriate things, a healthy child is the most important and gender doesn't matter. Cathy smiled and said, "Okay, you have placated me. Now would you like a son?" I admitted to the possibility and we started on it that night. Sex is different when it is for procreation and not recreation, not better, but different.

Nine months later we had our third daughter, Vanessa. I should have known then. First A then M and now V, there weren't enough letters in the alphabet for kid number four. Two weeks later, Cathy took me to a doc, not our regular doc. I should have suspected when she said, the recovery period will agree to mine and we can have sex together. The doc took a scalpel to my nuts, whack, no more kids. After recovery and it does take some time. It's like getting kicked in the cojones by a mule. I lay in bed for two days, the slightest movement making me groan. Cathy slept in the guest bedroom for two nights. She even apologized for dragging me to have my nuts chopped when she saw them all back and blue and swollen. I understand it is much less traumatic these days. I highly recommend it since after you heal, you get to have all the sex you want and no worry about bad consequences that last twenty years, i.e. kids.

I was resting, eyes closed, on top of the bed, my balls lying on an icepack; it was too uncomfortable to have anything covering them, when I heard Alicia say, "God Mommy, Daddy's balls look awful."

"Alicia, Daddy already feels badly. You don't need to make it worse," Cathy answered coming down the hall.

I had opened my eyes and was looking at Alicia, her eyes staring at the monstrous looking balls.

"Sorry, Daddy. They're just all black and blue and swollen."

Cathy swept into our bedroom and shooed Alicia out. "Sorry, honey," she said smiling my way.

I smiled, halfheartedly I admit, "She's right."

Alicia

I think this little story is a perfect segue into this story about our girls. It highlights several things. First, casual nudity was no big deal in our house. Alicia was not shocked to see a naked man, no big deal, the way it should be. Second, she had no compunctions about using real words for anatomy, like balls. Now, we had also made sure the girls understood manners and when to use manners. They didn't interrupt adults, they used, 'proper' language around them, they behaved in public, etc. The girls seemed to understand that our house was different than everyone else's and the rules were different. Third, our bedroom was not off limits to the girls. If they happened to come in while we were screwing, whoever had a mouth free would say we were busy and go back to what we were doing. Especially when they were young, the girls would shrug knowing they had to wait until adults weren't busy:, manners.

Alicia was of the age now where she seemed to be getting interested in what mommy and daddy did in bed. It wasn't exactly that she was spying; we didn't hide anything except Christmas presents, so there was nothing to spy. Cathy had spent time in a commune before attending Berkeley. People slept, ate, showered, crapped, and made love in common and Cathy had thrown away the irrational shame of typical Americans. She didn't want the girls to learn that shame. We made sure that all normal human activities were just that, normal. Alicia seemed to be more apt to hang around if she happened to find us screwing rather than go watch TV like when she was younger. I admit that the first time I had an audience, it affected my performance. Cathy, having lived on the commune and having experienced group everything including sex, wasn't troubled at all. She helped me through the societally induced shame. I only realized how programmed I had been when it was gone.

One other thing is we were a very touchy feely family. Cathy was raised with a non-touching family, typically Japanese. Worse, her best friend was Italian with all the touching and displays of affection of that culture. Cathy and her sister both felt like their dad never loved them and worked hard to make him love them. But he never displayed that love. That was hard on a girl when she feels different. Cathy told me as she grew up she fixated on trying to get her father to love her, really just display it since I'm sure he did love her:, he just never let her know. Cathy even fantasized about giving her body to her father to get him to show he loved her. Our girls were never going to feel that way. She encouraged all the touching they wanted. From early on they were encouraged to take showers with Cathy or me, with us washing them and them helping wash us. We had a big shower with a Japanese tub big enough for the whole family. If they wanted to crawl in bed with us, that was fine. The first time we screwed while Alicia slept away not even awakening at Cathy's orgasm was a watershed for me.

Like I said, Alicia was of an age now where she was displaying interest in all things sexual. She had crawled into bed with us, not unusual; sometimes we'd wake up in a five place bed. One morning, I woke with a morning woody only to find Alicia's hand around it as she inspected it diligently. When she sensed I was awake she dropped it.

I mentioned this to Cathy as we showered that morning for work. Cathy looked thoughtful and said, "You handled it well, not making a scene. I'll talk with Alicia." That was about what I expected and I knew Cathy would handle the situation.

That night, Cathy invited Alicia to our room for a conversation. The first thing she did was make sure Alicia knew she wasn't in trouble. Then she asked Alicia why and Alicia made the obvious answer, she was curious when she saw my hard-on. She had seen it before when she walked in on us having sex, but not close up. Cathy asked a few more discerning questions when one popped up: the real issue. Alicia asked Cathy, "Mom, can I marry dad too?"

I was astounded to say the least, but kept my face impassive and let Cathy run it. She paused in her usual way, then penetrated right to the real underlying and unstated issue, "Sweetie, do you want to marry dad and be a co-wife or do you just want to find out about sex with him?"

I guess Cathy knew about these sorts of feeling from her own experience, but I was beyond shocked. I could not say a thing. I couldn't really think anything that made sense.

Alicia kind of scrunched up her face, then after a pause said, "I suppose I want to find out about sex."

Cathy laughed gently and said, "Good, I didn't see what you'd want in an old dog like Daddy."

Alicia jumped to my defense, "Daddy isn't an old dog!"

"Sweetie, Mommy doesn't think I'm an old dog, she knows I have my bite left. She's teasing me."

Alicia looked back and forth and saw we were both smiling and used to the teasing that normally went on, she laughed and said, "Oh, okay, old dog."

"It's better when it comes from Mom."

Alicia smiled knowing she was being teased.

Cathy then told Alicia, "Honey, I want you to really think about this. It is kind of unusual to have your dad be the guy who teaches you about sex. Some people would call it perverted. I'll also tell your when I was your age I felt the same way so I understand."

"Was grandpa your first?" Alicia asked.

"No, I didn't have the courage to ask like you did. My first guy, well, I don't remember his name. It was a night in the commune and we had smoked too much grass. A good reason to not get too drunk or high," she said. Alicia looked at me and I had heard the story and wasn't surprised. I told Alicia, "No, grandpa wasn't my first."

She rolled her eyes, "Dad."

Cathy jumped in, "Okay, sweetie. I really want you to think about this, all the things. What you might feel years from now? What will your friends think? Okay?"

Alicia looked solemn as you might expect. Cathy had dumped an adult size problem on her and sent her off to think. "Okay."

"Kiss us goodnight and off to bed."

Alicia kissed mom and gave me a quick kiss, on the lips instead of the cheek like she usually did. She jumped out of bed and yelled "Good night," as she headed off to bed. Cathy jumped my bones as soon as the light was off that night and using a little girl's voice acting like she was Alicia, a virgin daughter. As I penetrated her, she started chanting, "Fuck me, Daddy. Fuck me. Fuck your virgin daughter." Her performance did two things:; it exposed the duality of my feelings to me, feeling a little creepy of course, running smack into the cultural prejudice and it was also wickedly sexy breaking the rules. I blew an amazing wad emptying my balls like I hadn't done in years. Cathy commented on how much I had filled her up and how easy it would have been to get pregnant if I had blown loads like this when we were trying to get her knocked up. So I was of two minds and had to wait to find out which mind it was to be while Alicia thought.

The next night, I didn't wait for Cathy to jump my bones, a tactic she often used when she didn't want to discuss something and a tactic that often allowed her to win arguments. What guy argues with his wonderful piece? "Cathy, what are you going to do if Alicia says she wants me to take her cherry?"

She paused then said, "I think your real question is, 'What do I think of incest?'" I nodded. "Okay, this is what I think;, I think any sexual relations which bring pleasure to all parties involved, and don't harm anyone are not only fine, they are what we humans should be doing instead of our current shame filled sexual relations."

That was plain, so plain I couldn't think of a thing to contradict her. Of course, put so simply, she was right. "And you don't think Alicia will be 'harmed' by having sex with me?"

"It might hurt a little that first time, if she still has her hymen, but I trust you to be gentle." I lifted my eyebrows and she knew I was not buying that answer. She patted my thigh, "Sweetheart, Alicia will not be harmed by learning about sex from her daddy. Even though she has been raised in this hypocritical culture, she has been always told to not buy into the crap and both of us have set an example of not buying into, 'Everyone says... ' I talked with her and she knows why people say it is wrong and we discussed what is right and wrong when it comes to sex. She is bright enough to not let others talk her into believing right is wrong like so many people do today. The Earth isn't flat and sex is for fun no matter what 'they' say. 'They' are usually wrong. It is the minority who don't buy into what the majority group think that are proven to be right in the long run."

A few nights later, Alicia came into the bedroom with Cathy. They sat on the bed and Cathy asked her, "Well, made up your mind?"

"I think so, Mom. I want to have Daddy teach me about sex, even though some people might think it strange. I think it isn't any one's business and if I don't tell anyone they won't have a chance to think it is strange. In fact, if I don't tell anyone, all of the problems disappear. Am I right?"

Cathy patted her thigh, "I think so. I don't think it is anybody's business except the three of us and I think if no one had any idea then it won't matter what they think is right or wrong for them."

Cathy turned to me, "Go take a shower." Oh yeah, I must be a real stinker. So I had to make up my mind. To tell the truth I had put off a decision thinking that no way would Alicia really wants her old man like that. I stripped and jumped in the shower, letting the hot water pound my head hoping it would break things loose. My skull is too thick and it didn't help. It came down to something that always seems to be the thing when I have doubts. I trust Cathy. When I realized this was one of those times, the doubts turned off and the clouds went away, the red robin came out singing and whatever platitudes you want. I was whistling as I got out of the shower, ready to do my duty to God, the Nation, and Daughter. I did as told including putting on a dab of cologne, brushing teeth, etc. It was going to be as good as I could make it for Alicia. When I went back into the bedroom, Cathy had vanished, I assume after having told Alicia whatever Cathy thought she needed to know. Alicia had put on her silver strappy high heel shoes, ones I knew she thought of as her adult sexy shoes, and not a thing else. I suspect Cathy had helped arrange her on the bed, looking back over her shoulder, big smile welcoming me, her cute ass framing her pussy, almost hidden, but there, teasing me, calling to me, come, come and fuck this nubile young woman. I threw off my robe and climbed onto the bed and over Alicia, biting her cute butt, making her giggle, while running my hands up her belly and finding her breasts, not as big as her mother's, but just as responsive. The nipples grew as I rubbed them, her eyes closing, a small moan escaping with her breath as I cuddled up behind her.

My cock was as hard as I can ever remember it being as it found its way between her ass cheeks. She felt it and rubbed back against it as I pulled her face around and leaning down kissed her, with all the passion and desire I could muster. Alicia mewled in returning the desire and passion. She rolled onto her back as my hand teased her nipples. My thigh went between hers as she rubbed her pussy against it. Her gash quickly heated up and soon I was feeling the moisture seeping from her and spreading onto my leg.
Continues...

Pages: Prev | 1 | 2 | Next

Home - Top   Feedback to author


Home « Rod O'Steele's Page - Settings
A Perfect Wife
by Rod O'Steele
Copyright© 2010 by Rod O'Steele


Pages: Prev | 1 | 2 | Next

Continuation...

Feeling her pussy juices running on my leg drove me crazy. I wanted to taste that sweet nectar straight from the source. I bent down and sucked her nipples on the way south, flopping between her legs. I spread her legs wide as her pussy gaped open, the dark red interior all glistening like a donut still hot from the glaze dripping, the odor of sugar filling your senses just as her arousal filled my senses.

I should have been feeling awful, something, for breaking one of the strictest social rules;, luckily, the conversation with Cathy had sent those little voices off on their way and I was able to concentrate on making love with a beautiful sexy young woman. I also loved her, which was icing on the cake, but the cake was sex, pure unadulterated corporeal nasty sex - the good kind. Speaking of sweet things to eat, I bent down and spread her legs burying my face in her pussy. Opening her pussy, I was assailed by the female pheromones;, my cock felt as hard as an iron bar and throbbed in need. Alicia moaned as I licked and sucked her, first on the labia, then up and down her pussy delving into her opening to ream her, then to her button at the top. Her whole body tensed like a spring pulled from both ends as I lapped and sucked on her clitoris. A strangled moan broke from the depths as I continued the assault. The juices poured from her like a fountain as I lapped them up, two gasping breaths, and Alicia started bouncing on the bed. I grabbed hold and sucked her as she rose through her climax, crying out, her head bouncing on the bed as her body shivered and shuddered. A last, she gave a tremulous tremble and she went limp.

I was pretty happy; my face drenched in her juices. Her eyes opened unfocused, then gradually came to rest on me. "Oh God, that was incredible. I love you, Daddy." I held her in my arms as she cuddled. "What now?" she asked.

I pushed her onto her back and mounted her, settling between her thighs, my cock sliding between her labia to find her still drenched. I slid the head around getting her ready until my shaft notched itself into her opening. A slight push, a slight grunt from her and she was a woman. Slowly, as she was tight beyond belief, I worked my cock deeper and deeper until I bottomed out. We both let out a gasp as I hit bottom. Her vagina quivered around my staff. Then it was off to the races, the climax races as I began a slow in and out, gradually building in speed and depth of thrusts. Alicia matched me stroke for stroke, the natural rhythm of sex taking us both higher and higher, until there was nowhere higher and she exploded in climax, her tight walls stroking and grasping at my rod, pulling the cum from me, pulsing down my shaft and filling her valley, glob after glob of cum until it ran out of her, puddling under her butt.

We cuddled together, both basking in the afterglow. A while later, Cathy came in, covered us, and crawled in beside. "How was it, sweetie?"

"Oh mom, it was so amazing. I'm like totally mad I didn't ask daddy sooner. I can see why everyone wants to do sex all of the time. I am like, let's do it again. How often can Daddy do it?"

Cathy smiled at Alicia's enthusiasm. "That's nice that you had a good first time. As for further adventures, we'll talk about that, tomorrow. As for now, I'd appreciate it if I could have him back."

"Oh yeah, sure mom." Alicia crawled over Cathy and settled on the other side as Cathy snuggled into my arms.

I could sense she was randy, having been together so many years. Her hand found my limp cock and began squeezing just the right way to encourage the blood flow. I looked into her eyes with the question. She smiled, "Damn right I'm ready. I want my man back." It wouldn't be the first time one of the girls had walked in as we made love and I was sure it wouldn't be the last. I'm not an exhibitionist by nature but spectators don't put me off, either.

This of course, changed my sex life, all for the better. I had two women, both beautiful and whom I loved in my bed whenever the mood struck, and with these lustful nymphs, it struck often. Alicia dated often, since her beauty and outgoing personality drew boys to her as moths to a fire. I'm willing to bet that the boys went crazy with desire and cursed her as a cock tease. She told her mom and me that she didn't want to fuck around with little boys when she had a man waiting for her at home. The boys would spend money romancing her and at the end of the night she'd come home to Daddy. Poor besotted boys, I had to laugh and empathize with their blue balls. Alicia wasn't completely cold; she gave occasional hand jobs and a few blow jobs to a few of her favorite boys when their frustration grew to massive proportions.

Throughout Alicia's high school days, I had these two to keep my lust in check. It was Alicia's senior year when things changed.

Marissa

It was about this time that the big event happened. President Reagan paid off his debt to me by nominating me to the Ninth Circuit as an appeals court justice. That is a big deal and there was a ton of stuff that had to be done. The confirmation to the Federal bench had been pretty perfunctory. A quick review of the Bar records indicating no one had ever filed a complaint, a couple calls to local politicos, most of whom I had helped at one point or another, and my name sailed through the confirmation process. I never even had to go to Washington. But an appeals court is different.

First there was a review by the Bar, rating me on the bench. I got a highly qualified because I was prepared when I came into court. Also, I hadn't had any really contentious cases I had to rule on so, there was no trail of controversial legal opinions. When I wrote opinions, I followed the legal precedent as much as possible. There wasn't any creative trickery to get the political outcome I wanted like so many Justices have been doing since FDR packed the court to accomplish that exact outcome.

Even back to my prosecutor days, I handled mostly criminal cases and never had to give opinions on things like abortion. I have to wonder about Americans sometimes. A justice might sit on the bench for thirty years and rule on thousands of cases, but all people want to know is how he or she might someday rule on abortion, if it ever comes up again, since it is settled law right now. Absolutely insane, but the people on the anti-abortion side think killing doctors is justified, so I know they are nut cases. I don't use the term pro-life because folks who shoot doctors or oppose abortion to save the woman's life cannot claim to be pro-life. Then I flew back to Washington and got briefed on dealing with the Senators. The real ordeal was the committee. If they said yes, the Senate vote was assured. If they said no, forget it.

I brought back the whole family, partially so they could do the tourist thing and to show me as a family man. I had a beautiful educated wife and three cute daughters. We were invited to meet with the senior senators on the committee privately. A typical shake hands and talk on which I had been advised 'just be yourself.' Remember, this was before Bork and the process wasn't as ugly and political as it has gotten now.

One senator was especially graphic in telling me how beautiful my wife was. I learned later that one of the California politicos that had been in our Sacramento swap club was now in the House and when called by the Senator had passed on the little tidbit of us having been members. The senator hinted quite broadly and privately about swapping and extended a dinner invitation to meet his wife, just Cathy and I, no kids. I talked it over with Cathy and ever game, she said, "Why not?" With all of our sexual escapades, why not indeed? Cathy got his vote and his wife turned out to be an enthusiastic disciple of Eros. She screwed my brains out. She may have looked like a grandma but, in bed, she moved like an upscale hooker. It was eye opening. The Senator invited us to the regular Saturday prayer breakfast;, it seems he was a representative of all that was godly and Christian to the voters back home. It put the stamp of righteousness on us. Oh how we Americans deceive ourselves.

But the biggest surprise I didn't find out about until we got home after my confirmation to the Court of Appeals. On one of the family visits, a Senator, who shall remain nameless since he is still porking at the public trough, got Alicia aside and told her how sexy she was and would she like to see some rooms the public never saw? Alicia, only seventeen, was no one's fool and she recognized the come on. Being a chip off her Mother's block she saw the opportunity to help dad and she took it. Playing her best school girl she said, "Oh yes, Senator --." He hurried her off to a private room in his office and closed the door. Alicia dropped to her knees in front of the surprised Senator and unzipped him and pulled out his quickly swelling cock, ran her hands up and down it, licked her lips, and looked up at him and asked, "Do you think my daddy will be confirmed?"

Willing to say anything, the senator answered, "I'm sure of it, honey."

Alicia took his cock in her mouth and proceeded to bring him off. She laughingly said he was quicker than a sixteen-year-old virgin. As he laid back against the closet wall, his now limp dick hanging out Alicia showed her womanly wiles. She stood up, using one finger wiped her mouth where some of the cum had slipped from between her lips and sucked the finger like she had just done him, and said right before leaving, "I'm glad daddy is going to get confirmed, it would be awful if this got out to the papers," and closed the door. I'm pretty sure I would have gotten confirmed anyway, but with these girls on my side, it was a slam dunk.

The mood was celebratory around the house for the next couple weeks. I quickly transitioned from the regular court to the appeals court. I was able to keep my office, but started spending a lot of time on the road for hearings. Unlike the cases you hear about reaching the Supreme Court, the appeals courts hear lots of routine cases in which one side is pissed about losing. Anyone can appeal, so there are lots of cases to look at. The ninth Circuit might have ten panels all hearing appeals at the same time in ten different locations from Idaho to Guam. Most are fairly easy. It is only the occasional case that presents new or intriguing challenges to the law.

One of my first cases was one of the hardest. It was an appeal of a death sentence. Those of course, are routine as the lawyers for the appellant will try everything to get him off. But the Supremes have made it very difficult to win an appeal in the Federal courts as long as the state courts follow certain rules. Just about every state has enacted those rules and safeguards so there isn't anything to really appeal. That was the case here. Most cases are heard by three judge panels. The other two justices, more experienced in these cases than I, pointed out that there was nothing here to appeal. But I tell you, it was really difficult to sleep that night knowing I was going to vote to send this guy off to the chamber. The guy deserved it, he had raped and murdered an eight year old girl, strangled her, and buried her, still alive, to die of suffocation. There was evidence presented at trial that she woke buried and struggled before dying of suffocation in the cold hard ground. There wasn't much to like about this guy. After reading the facts, as a father of girls, I felt like taking a baseball bat to his face. But it still haunted my dreams. The senior justice wrote the opinion and I signed on. My hand literally trembled as I signed the order. It was the right thing to do, but that didn't make it easy. I think that is the difference between ordinary people and a monster like him. We all struggled with the idea of killing, even though richly deserved, and absolutely called for by the law while he, callously and without compunction, murdered a little girl after brutalizing her and never felt a moment's regret.

Capital punishment was briefly suspended when the Supremes ruled it unconstitutional. That is the sort of legal opinion that riles people up and I get why. The constitution explicitly calls for capital punishment for some crimes. Obviously the authors never intended in any way shape or form that such a penalty explicitly called for, would be 'unconstitutional.' But led by Thurgood Marshall, a Justice with no respect for the constitution, as his repeated attacks on it demonstrated, ruled that it was by its very nature cruel and unusual and therefore prohibited by the eighth amendment. Rubbish. If we as a society want to ban capital punishment, that would be quite simple. Congress passes an amendment doing just that and the states ratify the change; done.

Sorry to get so serious, but remembering brought that back in such clear focus. It was back to the celebratory mood. It was maybe a week after returning and Alicia had bragged to us and her sisters how she helped daddy. Fourteen year old Marissa thought it was cool and asked all sorts of questions about the blow job. Ten year old Vanessa thought it was gross, sucking some old guy's 'thing.' Mom was proud of her daughter subverting the male dominance in the Senate by using the male perversion against them. I had to roll my eyes, where she couldn't see, on that one.

I asked Cathy why she thought it okay for Alicia to have done that. I got one of her typical lectures. I'll condense it down. If a woman has sex for money, she's a whore. If a woman sleeps with a classmate to get him to write her paper for class, she's a slut. Way different than a whore; slut being better than whore. If she refuses to sleep with her mate because he forgot flowers on their anniversary, she's a hero to other women. Why the difference? All three examples are trading sex for something she wants: money, a paper, flowers, or more correctly, proper behavior from the pussy whipped man. It is all whoring; trading sex for something. Cathy said almost all women exchange access to sex for things material or behavioral that they want. Cathy felt Alicia was just being honest about trading sex for what she wanted. Of course, in America, honesty about sex is a big taboo.

I was settled into the new schedule and Alicia was preparing for graduation. She was going to go out of state for college and Cathy was a bit melancholy, her first chick leaving the nest. I was sad as well, and no, not because I was losing a bed partner. I have a little more invested than that. It is funny, but reading this you might think my relationship with my daughter was all about sex. It wasn't, any more than my relationship with my wife was all about sex. If you've been married, you know what I'm talking about. Marriage isn't about sex; sex is just an occasional enjoyable pastime. The rest of a relationship is about all the other things. I once heard it described this way -Marriage isn't standing looking into each others' eyes and cooing, it is standing hand in hand gazing into the shared future. Alicia and I maintained a very normal daddy daughter relationship as well. So I was sad knowing my little girl was going to go out into the big bad world.

Nature has a way of providing and Marissa, our middle daughter, hit that magic moment right as Alicia was preparing to leave. It was Déjà vu all over again as one evening Marissa appeared in our bedroom and said that Alicia had told her how she had learned about sex and she, Marissa, wanted to try it too. Off she and Cathy went. A half hour later they were back, Marissa dressed in a little nothing that barely covered anything. Cathy announced that Marissa was ready, well, more than ready, and left. As if by signal, Marissa shook off the cover from her shoulders displaying all of her girlish charms and playing with the flimsy cloth, turned on her erotic appeal.

[Marissa]

Alicia had always been the serious one of the girls, being the oldest and often stuck with the responsibility for her younger sisters. Vanessa was the shy one. Marissa was the outgoing one, always ready with a funny rejoinder, always teasing, and as soon as she hit puberty, she quickly turned on her erotic teasing as naturally as breathing.

I could easily see her pussy below the hair, a small triangle of pure black, for the girls had all gotten their silky black hair from Cathy. "Come here," I said. I had already gotten ready for bed, and since I sleep in the nude I was ready. I threw back the covers as Marissa slid in beside me.

We kissed and I could tell she hadn't any experience in kissing. I was surprised as I would have thought of any of the girls, Marissa would have done that before certainly. My hand cupped her small but still full breast and she pressed back against the hand, now tweaking and rubbing her nipple. My hand slid down between her legs and over the silky patch of hair. Gently, I ran my fingers over her pussy, up and down between her legs, but just lightly to tease her, not inside.

Droplets of her moisture could be felt as they began to seep through her swelling lips. As I felt the moisture, and could sense her increasing heat, I let my fingers dig lightly between her labia, withdrawing the touch before reaching her clitoris, then continuing; creating a wonderful sense of desire in Marissa that was becoming obvious. Marissa's legs had long since splayed open. She drew her knees up, and they had fallen away, leaving her completely open, providing me with a tremendous view of her captivating sex.

Finally, sensing her need, I stroked my finger inside all the way from bottom to Marissa's clitoris, the brief contact causing involuntary spasms and a very audible moan as well. I played my finger in and along her lips, taunting and toying with her clitoris until it was clearly protruding from its protective sheath. Gently, rolling onto her, I positioned my cock in line with her virginal opening. Holding my cock in position, I rubbed the head into and against her lips, spreading her lubricant onto the glans, looking into her eyes and asking if she was ready. She nodded.

My first small thrust pushed the cock head to the opening of her vagina where it met resistance. I slowly withdrew, spreading some more of her juices onto it. Reentering her, pushing slowly as the shaft expanded her vagina for the first time, so slowly, not pausing, through her maidenhead as she reacted to that discomfort. At first it was just an "Oooh" changing to an "Oh!" becoming an "Ow!" before finally transforming into a grunting "Unh!" as my cock split her hymen and rushed deeply, all the way into her. I stopped for a moment to allow her to get her mind back onto the pleasure before slowly withdrawing my now pulsing cock. On the second push, my shaft easily speared into her lubricated channel. After several such strokes sure she was ready for a more vigorous fuck, I shifted more on top of her, moving up slightly to allow my cock to ride along her clitoris. Within seconds of having moved and quite surprisingly to me, she had her first orgasm, screaming out without warning, wrapping her legs around my ass and pulling my hips against hers, burying my cock deeply into her pussy.

It was a short cum and soon I began again, Marissa matching my rhythm with her hips, moving in pace with me. Her second orgasm came minutes later, this time I could feel the walls of her vagina contracting against my cock. The sensation of tightness drove me to fuck her harder and faster. As she once again clamped down on my shaft, I thrust one last time into her as my balls exploded and shot a hot load of jism deep into her spasming body. Marissa's third climax exploded when she felt my hot come filling her. After a few desultory closing strokes, we lay motionless on the bed, me on top of her, my cock finally shrunken enough to fall from her. As it did, a stream of my white cum mixed with her juices seeping from Marissa's pussy, dripped across her tiny pink rosebud and onto the bed. Within minutes, the wet spot of cum had grown visibly as I rolled to the side and lay against Marissa, gently caressing her back and sides as she returned from the experience.

Marissa looked down at her loins and exclaimed, "I'm a mess." She hopped out of bed and ran to our master bath. I heard the water running, then she came back with a cloth and cleaned up the wet spot. I never thought of her as a clean freak and one look at her bedroom would have given lie to that anyway. I shook my head, strange are the ways of people when it comes to sex.

Over the next months I taught Marissa about sex in all of its variations. Unlike her older sister, Marissa wouldn't come home from her dates all hot to trot. In fact, she was quite standoffish when she got home, I assume because a close inspection like licking her twat would have exposed her activities with the boyfriend. Not that Cathy or I minded as long as she was careful. But Marissa was a real one guy at a time girl. It was okay to have a string of boyfriends and to crawl in bed with me when she was between boys, but one at a time was her firm rule.

That two sisters, both with the same DNA could be so different was and is a mystery. I have trouble buying instinct as the cause. Instinct makes you want sex, but this seems more like learned behavior.

Cathy was raised Buddhist and dragged me along to the local temple with the girls enough that I learned quite a bit. I began to wonder if it wasn't true. It sure seems like different kids bring different things with them, not just bodies but minds as well, things learned not instincts. What was slutty to one wasn't the least bit slutty to the other and yet we raised them exactly alike. There is a lot of evidence piling up to wonder if some of these weird things aren't brought along from a previous existence. It sure would explain some mysteries to me.

Vanessa

This shouldn't have been a surprise since the type scene was already set by the two older girls. On her fourteenth birthday Vanessa went to mom after her party and told her that she was ready now to start having sex and she wanted her initiation like her sisters. It seems that the girls had talked and when Vanessa started asking her older sisters questions, the subject had, 'just naturally come up.' Cathy didn't even bother with the go off and think speech, she just asked when. Vanessa, even though she is the shy sister, said, "How about tonight. It is my birthday."

I wasn't even consulted or warned by my lovely bride. I was ambushed. God, what I have to put up with. Cathy had suggested a shower for me and an early bedtime so I was hoping she had plans for me. I cleaned up, especially those areas and smiling, climbed onto the bed. I didn't even get under the covers hoping Cathy was about to climb on the bed with me.

[Vanessa]

So when Vanessa walked in, naked, I was more annoyed than surprised or turned on. Vanessa stood there looking her usual shy self even though I had seen her often naked just as she had seen me. I wanted her out so Cathy could appear and we could make the beast with two backs.

Cathy followed, dressed. I was thinking come on girl, get naked. As seemed to happen every time, I missed all the clues and was cold cocked by her. "Hun, Vanessa feels like her fourteenth birthday is a good time to start learning about sex and she wants to start just like her sisters. It sure seems to have been fine for Alicia and Marissa, so I agreed." Again, no one asked me. Poor men, we get bossed around by our women. Cathy swatted Vanessa on her bare ass, "Come on girl, get on the bed. You can't learn standing here."

Vanessa looked surprised, but smiled and crawled onto the bed. "Is this okay, Daddy?"

Here I was looking at my youngest, the 'baby' of the family no longer a baby at all, her small pointed tits swaying under her chest, her cute and shapely ass sticking up, and she's asking if it is alright that she wants daddy to be her first fuck. "It's more than okay sweetie. I think this is wonderful," I said holding out my arms. Vanessa flashed one of her big smiles and crawled into my arms. We kissed, for the first time as lovers, a kiss of passion as well as love.

Once again, this was perfect for me. Alicia had been accepted to law school at UCLA, following in daddy's footsteps. Marissa was about to graduate and had her sights set on a small college in Oregon so I was about to be down to one woman, Yikes! Vanessa had perfect timing.

I pulled her over me, gently stroking her lovely silky midnight hair. My other hand brushed her cheek. Little Vanessa looked happy, as if a dream were coming true. With growing confidence I gazed into her eyes. Lord  but she was beautiful. Hands fluttered down over her body, gently caressing her soft skin: her shoulders, arms, side, thighs, belly; an anatomy lesson in soft pubescent flesh, flesh ready to be consumed by carnal delights.

Still looking deep into those hypnotic almond eyes I ran my fingers lightly on her firm young breasts, tracing small circles all around before concentrating on one hard protruding nipple, then the other. Each time a finger caressed a nipple, Vanessa breathed a little harder. Her face changed:, it grew diffused, like an out of focus portrait as she felt waves of pleasure drift through her body, all emanating from her aroused nipples. Her eyes were slightly glazed. Her breathing grew ever faster and her body slowly twisted and turned in desire, desire for even more of these new feelings. She was enjoying this new experience. This is what her sisters had been talking about!

Watching her hips hump up, I knew she needed more. In response, I let one hand trail down over her belly, letting a finger slip gently into and out of her navel, then down further until the soft mat of her wispy pubic hair filled my palm. Cupping my hand to hold her pussy gently, owning it as a lover so that she knew I held her sex as my own and moved further so that her entire mound was now under my fingers.

Vanessa let out a little gasp as my hand moved up and down, brushing the light covering of hair, then the middle finger slid into the soft hot folds of her skin. She gasped as, tenderly, the fingers slid teasing around and around and over and back on her little clitoris, which grew ever harder and bigger. Filled with love for this sweet young woman I bent down towards her and kissed the top of her sweet head, taking in the smell of her hair, shampoo, and girl, all mixed up together. She leaned her head back and kissed me squarely on the mouth  not a baby kiss, not a little girl's kiss, a daughter's kiss, a daughter's kiss of love and passion.

"I love you, sweetheart," I sighed. "I love you so, so much."

"Oh, Daddy ... Daddy!" came her breathless reply.

Slowly and gently, I inserted one finger between the lips and searched for the entrance to her love hole. Vanessa was breathing faster again, as the involuntary bucking of her hips gathered strength. Suddenly, a finger slipped deep into her - her hips bucked as she let out a whimper and moaned, the finger moving in and out of her body. The palm of my hand ground against her button as her hips fucked up against the invading finger, seeking completion. Her body convulsed - she was going to come. Too soon, I thought, there is so much more I want her to experience. As I pulled my finger from her she relaxed slightly, her eyes now closed in concentration as the pleasure radiated through her body.

Vanessa did not know that it could feel so good. She continued to move and twitch as if my finger was still inside her. I bent down and pulled the lips of her labia apart to thrust my tongue, lapping at the opening to her pussy, taking in all the tastes and aromas of her young sex, then started making longer strokes and caressing her clitoris. Vanessa lurched and cried out as my tongue delivered pleasure to her clitoris with every stroke. Her juices flowed freely around my tongue and mouth as I pressed my face hard into her mound. Vanessa's body was moving with more urgency now, matching the movements of the probing tongue with thrusts of her hips. She moaned rhythmically, in time with her bucking, the volume gradually increasing as the speed of the motions increased.

I could feel her body begin to tense as she approached her first orgasm, wondering if it was her very first orgasm or had she brought herself off only to feel this, her first given by another. Her body stiffened, her back arched and her hips pressed hard up into my face without retreating as I sucked her whole clitoris in my mouth. Vanessa let out a louder moan as the warm pleasant ripple of orgasm surged through her body, then the second surge that she thought was going to blow her mind. Gently, lapping at the extra flow of juices that came with her climax, I waited for her to return from that peak. For a few seconds Vanessa's whole body shook and trembled before relaxing and falling back onto the bed.

"Oh, Daddy!" she cried, "That felt so good, I have never felt anything that good before."

"That's an orgasm, sweetheart. It's a wonderful feeling."

We lay together while she recovered. After a while, she sat up and looked down at my erection which had not diminished and as she looked it, quivered in desire, like a race horse at the starting gate quivers before a race. She scooted around the bed until she was looking right at it. She reached out a hand and with a degree of trepidation took the erection in her hand. It jerked and pulsed as she touched it. She sort of jumped back, then felt it again, this time her hand held it lovingly. I remembered her earlier disdain and asked her, "Are you sure?"

She nodded, all the while staring at it, mesmerized like a mouse looking at a cobra, partially terror, partially compulsion. Taking a deep breath, she took the first couple of inches into her mouth. Obviously she had never done this before, never even wanted to do this before, but her sister's had educated her and so thought that it was the thing to do in this situation.

Her inexperience made the act all the more exciting. I moaned loudly as her lips pushed backwards and forwards across the head of my manhood. Gradually, more and more of the shaft disappeared into her small mouth. She stopped for a second as the tip prodded the back of her throat almost making her gag. She pulled away then started to kiss and lick its entire length. Working her mouth over the head again she used her tongue, licking all around the swollen head and around the crease that lies just below it. She might have been a novice, but her sisters coached her well:, she knew cock sucking. My moans grew more urgent as I tried to control the bucking of my hips. The waves of pleasure started rushing down my cock and into my balls, energizing them, my sack pulling up tight against my body, the balls tightened. So close.

"I'm gonna come, Vanessa," I moaned, and with that I lost it, the first spurt shot from the end and coated her mouth. Vanessa was both surprised and a little frightened as she felt the cream wash round her mouth. A second, longer spurt hit her throat and she moved her head back making room to swallow the load as her sisters had told her she must. She sucked the final few drops of cum from the end of my cock as she swallowed it all. She licked around, removing all trace of my seed and sat back on the bed in front of me, her face a mixture of squeamish, like a small child forced to eat vegetables and threatening to throw up, and pride at having done so well her first time.

She felt a warm glow inside her, a great feeling that she had been fulfilled in some way. She had grown up so much in the last half hour.

We lay in silence, a companionable silence for some time. Lying next to her, the virgin sacrifice, my cock quickly regained its vigor. Vanessa watched as it began pulsing, slowly growing again.

"Sweetheart," I spoke with a soft, caring voice. "Would you like to make love properly?"

"Yes, Daddy. That's what I want: to do it like Marissa and Alicia. They said it is so good," she replied. "It seems so big and I'm still only quite small."

"If you are anything like your sisters, you won't have any trouble," I said trying to reassure her. She smiled.

Moving her around on the large bed so that I was directly between her thighs, I gently rubbed her clitoris again; feeling the juice begin to flow guided my manhood towards her, like a homing device. She lay quietly, waiting for the pain to come. The shaft entered her a little way as I did not want to hurt her. Slightly further in, the tip of his my cock touched the covering of skin as her pussy flared open. Vanessa jumped a little as she felt the touch. Reassuringly, I stroked her hair with my free hand, as with one swift movement I let gravity take my weight and the shaft thrust forward and broke through.

She cried out more in expected pain than real pain, but relaxed soon afterwards, thinking to herself that it had not been as bad as she had been expecting. A gentle rhythmic movement consumed us both as hips ground against hips, shaft pierced her over and over, filling her with an intensity of pleasure not even the earlier climax had hinted at. She could feel her body start to tense and this time knew that she was building up to a climax.

She clutched at my shoulders as we bounced on the bed. Our breathing was synchronized to the movements of hips, each thrust being met with a moaning grunt. I held her tight, and without a word spoken, the strokes of lovemaking became fiercer and more urgent. I felt the walls of her small tight pussy tensed and pulsed seeking to milk my seed as with one last powerful thrust I sank deeply as I could into her. Vanessa let out a cry and came with a force much greater than before. That was it for me as her climax gripped me inside of her and I felt an eruption and a stream of white hot liquid rush through my cock and into her body. A few more strokes emptied me completely as I rolled over onto the bed beside her, exhausted.

I never even woke when Cathy came in, tucking us in, and joining us for the night.

Life is never as perfect as we would like it. Marissa had one of her numerous boyfriends when Vanessa had decided to join the party and that was just fine with Marissa. But after graduation, her boyfriend went off to boot camp leaving Marissa high and dry. Add to that, Alicia came home to spend the summer before law school with us and you can see this coming.

Alicia tried to pull rank. Marissa said no way and Vanessa went off and sulked. Cathy executed a Solomon and said none of you can have any. This is where girls are different than boys. They immediately realized coexistence was needed and sat down to work out a schedule agreeable to all, of which I was not informed, I just needed to perform on demand. Poor me. I spent that summer in a state of ecstatic eroticism and exhaustion servicing four demanding women. How King David kept eight wives happy along with concubines I'll never know.

In the winter, Vanessa stepped into the role her sisters had had. In the summers, all of them were home and I was a pale emaciated shadow of my usual self. Cathy continued to be a perfect wife, happy to see her loving family, willing to occasionally bring in a piece of strange for her husband and the rest of the time have fun.

Postlude

In her third year, Alicia brought home a boy, man I guess, although anyone that young ... Brad had asked Alicia to marry him and she had accepted. It was a true bittersweet moment, especially since I couldn't find a thing wrong with him, other than stealing my baby girl. The wedding was set for a week after their graduation from law school. The next six months were a riot since both sisters were as excited as Alicia and Cathy was beside herself doing all the planning long distance with Alicia. I stayed out of the way except for the checkbook. Next lifetime, I'm drowning all the baby girls so someone else has to pay for the weddings.

Brad and Alicia came up right after graduation to get ready for the wedding. A couple days later, she pulled me aside for a private talk. I was surprised since she didn't need the talk most girls have historically supposed to have needed. Once again, she caught me greatly by surprise.

"Daddy, Brad thinks mom is hot," she said.

"He does have good taste. The two sexiest women I know, you and mom," I answered. "No reason to be jealous."

"I'm not jealous. I know Brad is right, mom is sexy. I only hope I'm half as good looking as mom after three kids," she said smiling.

"Then what's the problem?" I asked.

"I'm not sure it's a problem. Let me explain. I have talked a lot to mom over the years about how you and she have your relationship, trying to understand. Let's face it Daddy, you and mom have the weirdest relationship. But looking at the hypocrisy and unhappiness of most marriages, I began to see why yours works so well. You don't have to lie to mom all the time like most men lie to their wives, 'No, I don't think she's pretty.' It was kind of unusual to learn about sex from your father." I nodded. "By the way, just in case you worry, no, it didn't make me crazy and yes, I'm glad it worked that way. You were a great lay, Daddy."

"Well good, but I still don't..." she interrupted me.

"Brad and I have talked a lot about how our marriage ought to be and I have explained a little how you guys are and we have decided to have a similar relationship. So the thing is daddy, not just does Brad think mom is hot, he'd like to fuck her and I'd like to watch them fuck while you fuck me. Now you can see the issue," she summed up.

"Damn," was all I could say.

Cathy and I talked. Cathy and Alicia talked. Brad and I talked. We all talked. Cathy didn't have any trouble with the idea of boffing Brad, he was a good looking man and she liked him. She just worried about how they would react. When they finally convinced her they were all in, she agreed. So the night before Brad and Alicia married, we had them in our bed, Brad giving it good to Cathy as Alicia watched with me behind her slowly slipping my cock in and out, a loving look in her eye and desire on her face.

I also saw how Brad looked at her sisters and when I mentioned it to Alicia, she smiled and agreed he did have good taste. I expect that when the girls visit their sister for the first time, he will find his wife as understanding as I had found mine. He has found his perfect wife just as I had found mine that cold night in Berkley all those years ago.


Pages: Prev | 1 | 2 | Next

Your opinion is important:
Share with the others what you think about
"A Perfect Wife"
     
Switch to Expanded voting form
The End
Posted: 2010-07-30
Home - Top   Feedback to author
