A Stranger's Cabin Ch. 01
bytwistedjoe37©

** All characters are over 18 years old**

New Year's Eve up at my brother Carl's new place had seemed like a great idea. He'd just built himself a new, supposedly gorgeous home up in the mountains of Humboldt County, California, and my other siblings and me were all coming up with our kids to ring in the new year. Sparkling cider for the kids, and all the booze we could drink for the adults. It had been years since I'd been in a room with both of my brothers and our sister present.

Carl, Tom and myself all had kids. Carl had Lisa and Michael, 8 and 6 years old respectively. Tom had Justin, who was ten. My sister Kayla was only 26 and still single.

My Natalie was the oldest of the kids, as I'd knocked up my girlfriend before we were even out of high school. Natalie was in high school herself now. Her mother had split when she was about a year old, and I'd been doing my best to raise her ever since. All Natalie really remembered of her mother was the occasional drunken phone call when she was little. As far as I knew they hadn't communicated in years. Despite this, Natalie had grown into a well adjusted, and very beautiful young woman.

"God, this weather sucks." Natalie complained from the passenger seat.

"You're not kidding." I said, and she wasn't. It was dark as hell outside, and hail was pounding the windshield. Natalie and I had flown up from Los Angeles, where it had been partly cloudy and nearly seventy degrees. When we'd landed in Eureka it was below freezing.

For those of you that think of palm trees and bikinis when you hear "California," understand that it is a very long state. Southern California gets nice weather pretty much year round, but we were then just south of the Oregon border, and the weather can get pretty shitty at times. Not Michigan shitty, but not pleasant, either. Tonight was particularly bad.

To make matters worse, our flight had been delayed, so we didn't even land until nine o'clock at night, and it had been an hour and a half since then. Carl's new place was way out in the mountains, seven miles from the nearest town. It was off a dirt road, and there were no road signs to mark the turn off. He said in his phone call that he'd put up a hand painted sign that would be easily visible, but the Ford Taurus I'd rented had bad headlights, and the dark and hail just seemed to eat the light. I was driving really slow, but I could still hardly see.

"I think we just passed the sign." Natalie said.

"Are you sure?" I asked, "I didn't see anything."

"Yeah, I saw it, it was a big white sign with an arrow pointed left."

Just then a dirt road materialized on that side of the road.

"That must be it." I said, "Good eye, sweetie."

"I'm just not old, that's all."

"I'm only seventeen years older than you, smart ass."

"Which is OLD."

"We'll see how you feel about it after you blink and find yourself right where I am. Once you're out of high school, time speeds up."

"Yeah right, whatever."

On the dirt road, visibility was even worse. I had the car moving at about five miles an hour, and I could still feel the tires slipping in the mud. I had the heater cranked up, so we were warm, but keeping the windows un-fogged was a real challenge.

Carl had told me he was up the dirt road "two or three miles." But I stayed on it for a good forty minutes, just crawling along in the mud, before I saw a turn off. It was a narrow dirt driveway, with a gate secured by a padlock. A huge sign on the gate read "No Trespassing."

"That doesn't look like Uncle Carl's place." Natalie said.

"No, it sure doesn't. Are you sure you saw a sign pointing to this road?"

"Yeah. I think so. I mean, there was a sign. I thought it had to be right. Oh shit, are we lost?"

"I think maybe." I stopped the car.

"What do we do? Natalie asked, checking her cell phone, "I still have zero reception out here. God, how do people live?"

I thought for a second. While I was busy with that the hail turned into more of a slush. The temperature outside was still dropping though, and it would probably be snowing before too long. Which would be a novelty for Natalie, who'd only seen snow a couple of times in her life. Still, it wouldn't be very fun if we got stuck in it.

"Look," I said finally, "I don't think this is the right road, and we could be looking for a long time before we find it in all this. I think we should probably head back to Eureka. I'll get us a motel room and we can try again tomorrow."

"But that'll take like two hours to get back!"

"I'm sorry, baby. I don't know what else to do. You don't want us to get lost out here, do you?"

Natalie took some time to consider it, but there really wasn't any choice. "Yeah, okay."

I turned around in the little driveway, and headed back the way we'd come.

I rubbed my daughter's shoulder and gave her a smile. "I know its probably boring being stuck in a car this long with your old man."

Natalie shot back one of her thousand watt smiles. Her teeth were perfect, just like the rest of her. She had a kind of nymphet beauty to her. A teenager beauty. In a couple of years she'd really grow into herself and be a walking heart attack, but she was already a very, very attractive young woman; which made me a very proud father. She had my dark hair and her mother's striking green eyes, and a mouth that looked like it was made for kissing. I was a little jealous of her boyfriend, I'll admit. I'd dated over the years, and as I keep myself very fit I'd dated some pretty good looking women, but none that would compare to my Natalie.

Natalie reached over and gave my leg a squeeze. "You're not so bad." She said, "Even if you are ancient. Hell, some of my girlfriends would even be jealous of my being alone with you."

"Yeah?"

"Oh yeah. Karen has had the hots for you forever."

"Karen?" I said, picturing my daughter's tawny haired best friend. Karen had a bikini body that I'd admired many times as she'd lounged by my backyard pool.

"Don't get a big head about it, Dad. You spend a lot of time at the gym though, a lot of my friends think you're a total stud."

I let the Taurus crawl along the dirt road for another couple of minutes before I said, "Karen would probably make a pretty good step-mom, don't you think?"

"Daddy! She's my best friend, don't get any creepy thoughts about her."

"She does look good in that bikini of hers..."

"You'd better not do anything with her, I'd be totally jealous."

"Jealous?" I asked, shooting Natalie a look. She had a terrified expression on her face, like she'd just said something she didn't mean to.

"Uh, yeah. Of the attention. You know. You're my daddy. She can't have you."

I laughed and let it drop, before Natalie died of embarrassment. I was sure that attention was exactly what she meant.

And that's when the car died.

It started with a dimming of the interior lights, and the headlights. Then the car started losing power as if I was out of gas. Next thing I knew, it was completely dead. I barely had enough time to pull to the side of the road.

"What's happening?" Natalie asked nervously. In answer, I turned the key in the ignition. There was a clicking noise, but then nothing.

"Oh shit." I said. I looked at Natalie.

"Oh no." She said back.

We waited silently in car for a few minutes, which was rapidly cooling inside. I turned the key again. Nothing.

"What do you think is wrong?" Natalie asked me.

"I don't know. Battery maybe, or maybe the alternator. Either way, I don't think we're getting out of here without a tow truck."

"But there's no cell reception."

"I know. I'm thinking."

"What are you thinking?"

"That right about now is when the axe murderer comes out of the trees and gets us."

"Daddy! Don't say shit like that you're going to totally freak me out."

"Sorry, baby." I said. "Let me look under the hood."

I fished around in the glove compartment, and luckily there was a small flashlight inside, along with a road map. I grabbed my wool coat, popped the hood and opened my door.

Immediately I was blasted by cold air and slush. It was really coming down and my coat was soaked through in seconds. The slush was hitting so fast that it felt like it was cutting my skin. I looked at the engine for only a few minutes, but my hands started to go numb in that time.

I jumped back in the car, dripping wet. Natalie looked scared.

"What did it look like?"

I wrapped my arms tight around myself. "Just like an engine, I'm afraid. Holy Christ, it's freezing out there."

"What do we do?"

"Well... I can't fix the car. I don't know what's wrong with it and I don't have tools or replacement parts anyway. We have no cell reception, and it is way too cold to try to sleep in here. I think our best bet is to see what's up that little driveway we turned around in. Hopefully its a house with a phone."

"We can't do that! We don't even know them, they'll probably shoot us."

"I am open to any suggestions you have."

Natalie thought a minute while I shivered and waited.

"I don't know," she said finally. "I got nothing."

"You can wait here and stay dry if you want. I'll come back for you."

"No way! Especially not after that axe murderer crack. I'm coming with you."

Natalie grabbed her coat, which was also wool, and armed with only the little flashlight from the car, we set out onto the road.

It was maybe a mile back to the driveway. By the time we made it we were soaked to the bone and freezing cold. I held my arm around my daughter for a little while, but it really wasn't doing anything to warm either of us, and just slowed us down.

The gate blocking the driveway was meant for cars, not foot traffic, and we easily walked around it and up the tree lined driveway. I had to keep the flashlight beam practically on our feet. Beyond its beam, we couldn't see anything at all. But at least the trees were breaking the onslaught of the rain a bit.

We were both holding our arms around ourselves and shivering by the time we reached the cabin. It was a decent sized house, probably two thousand square feet, but we nearly walked into it before we saw it. There were no lights on inside, and no cars or trucks parked in front.

"Doesn't look like anyone is home." I said.

"Hello?" Natalie called out loudly.

"Let's go knock." I suggested, as hope for a phone rapidly dimmed. "It's past midnight. Maybe they're asleep."

We made our way around to a spacious but barren deck, and a door with several glass panels. I pounded on the door, but the house remained dark.

"I'm freezing." Natalie said. "I can't even feel my toes."

"I know, angel." I said.

"What do we do now? I'm starting to get scared."

No father can hear those words and not be willing to take drastic action.

"Look away from the glass." I said. She did, and I wrapped my hand in my coat sleeve and punched one of the panels out.

"We're breaking in?"

"I think it's a summer cabin or something." I said, as I reached through the panel and unlocked the door. "We need to get warm and dry and find a land line. I don't think the owners are coming home tonight, but if they do I'll talk to them."

Natalie just nodded her head as I opened the door. There really wasn't any choice.

The cabin was sparsely furnished. There was a kitchen table and chairs, a living room with a couple of couches and even a flat screen TV, but the power was out and it didn't look like anyone had been here recently.

"Dad, look." Natalie said. I turned the flashlight beam her way, and saw that she'd found a woodstove. "But there isn't any wood." I looked around the house a bit. There was a phone in the living room, but it was dead, probably due to the storm. There was also a kitchen, and it had some jarred and canned foods and a gas stove that lit when I tried it.

"The propane system is working." I said. Natalie rushed to the small blue flame and tried to warm her hands by it. I tried the sink, but nothing came out of the faucet.

"Why doesn't the water work?" Natalie asked.

"I don't know. They might just shut it off when they aren't here."

I left Natalie by the stove while I went outside and tried to locate a woodshed, but in the dark and rain I didn't find anything.

Dripping wet still, I returned to my shivering daughter, clinging to the warmth of the stove. She'd gotten the idea to turn the oven on, and was using it as a heater.

"Good thinking." I said. "But we probably shouldn't use it. We don't know how much propane there is."

"So what? Let's just use it up and leave them some money or something."

It seemed like a sound plan. "Okay." I said, "stay there and get warm."

"Where are you going?"

"Back to the car. I brought a sleeping bag and we're going to need it. Some dry clothes, too."

"No way. You can't leave me here."

"Baby, its probably twenty eight degrees in here. What if the propane runs out? With these wet clothes, we could be in big trouble. I have to get you out of those clothes and into that sleeping bag before that happens."

"What about you? I'm not going to just sit in the sleeping bag and let you freeze."

"I guess I'll hope the propane doesn't run out. It's a mummy bag. It's really not big enough for two, even if..." I didn't say it. I didn't have to. We both stood there in a silence while we pictured laying together in a tight space, and probably naked since we wouldn't want to bring out wet clothes into a dry sleeping bag.

Natalie took the flashlight from me and ventured out into the cabin while I warmed myself a bit. She was back in less than a minute.

"There's a bed." She says. "Just a full sized, but its big enough for both of us, and there's blankets in a cabinet."

"We'll still need dry clothes."

"We're not going back to the car, and you're not leaving me here. Come on."

My daughter turned off the oven and took me by the hand. We walked together to the bedroom.

By flashlight and with numb fingers, we managed to make the bed with the sheets and blankets Natalie had found. There were a lot of blankets, and even a single pillow and a pillow case. Whoever came out here did it alone, apparently. I searched the closets for clothes, even just an old t-shirt, but came up empty.

"T-there's nothing." I said, trying to keep my teeth from chattering.

"Dad, it's okay. I'm so cold. Let's j-just get in and k-keep warm."

Natalie stripped off her wet coat, which landed on the wood floor with a splat. She fumbled with shaking hands at the buttons of her shirt.

"Shit. Dad, I can't get them undone. Help."

I couldn't feel my fingers as I tried to get the buttons undone. I managed to get the top one released, but then Natalie sagged to her knees shivering, her arms wrapped around herself.

I took her shirt by the lapels, and tore it open. The buttons clattered to the floor. Natalie didn't even react.

Quickly, I stood her back up and peeled her tight jeans from her goose bump covered legs. I took her bra off her, and her nipples were standing very erect from the cold. Finally, I peeled her wet panties off her, revealing her neatly trimmed bush. I couldn't help noticing all this, even though my thoughts were just to get her warm. I hadn't seen Natalie naked since she was twelve, and I'd often wondered what her body looked like. This wasn't the time to take a long look, however. I stripped her socks of her feet and got her under the covers. She lay there in a fetal position and shivered while I stripped naked, my ordinarily respectably sized cock embarrassingly shriveled, and climbed in next to her.

I spooned my naked teenaged daughter, her ass pressed into my loins, and we shivered together. I made a seal with my mouth on the back of her neck, and blew warm air onto her skin.

"That feels really good." She said, immediately shivering less.

"I know," I said, "Your mother showed me that trick, a long time ago."

I continued to blow onto her back like that, and slowly our body heat warmed the bed up. Slowly, we warmed up along with it.

"I think we're going to be okay." Natalie said.

"Yeah, me too. We'll figure out a way out of all this in the morning."

Natalie rolled over to face me. Her body stayed pressed against mine, her generous breasts now on my chest. To my surprise, she leaned in and kissed me on the mouth. A soft kiss.

"Thank you for saving me, Daddy." She said. "My hero."

I stroked her wet hair. "Of course, angel."

She kissed me again, but this time the kiss was longer by a few seconds. It wasn't exactly passionate, but my cock responded, and twitched against my daughter's belly. She jumped in response.

"I'm sorry." I said, "I'm so sorry, I don't know what -"

"Shh... Dad, it's cool. It's been a crazy night, don't worry about it. It just surprised me, that's all."

"Okay."

Natalie lay her head down on my chest. "Just hold me all night, okay? I don't want to be cold again."

"Okay."

It felt good to be so close to my baby girl. I knew it was supposed to feel wrong, but it didn't. Natalie was the most important woman that had ever been in my life, and the feeling of her warm skin on mine, with the air so cold in the room, felt amazingly good.

I loved her so deeply. And I knew she returned it. A father-daughter love, but love none the less, and therefore the best thing in the world.

So I rolled onto my back, wrapped my arms around my naked daughter, and drifted off to sleep. I didn't wake up until the light of dawn brightened the windows.

I was cuddled up to Natalie, laying on my side. She was on her back, her leg draped over both of mine. She was still out, but as I awakened I realized with horror that my cock was fully erect, and the tip of it was touching the soft hairs of my daughter's open pussy.

I pulled away slightly, but the movement woke Natalie up. She stretched her arms out of the covers we were buried under, and yawned. I rolled onto my stomach so she wouldn't bump up against my hard-on.

Natalie smiled a sleepy smile at me. "Mmmm. I'm so warm under here. Good morning, Daddy."

"Good morning, baby." I said. Natalie sat up and checked out the room, letting the covers drop below her breasts without a second thought. They were a perfectly shaped c-cup, with small, light pink nipples. I think they were probably the most beautiful breasts I'd ever seen.

It was still cold in the room, and our breath puffed out in big clouds of steam.

"Holy crap, our clothes are frozen!" Natalie said. I checked it out, and it was true. Our wet clothes had frozen stiff in the night, and were covered in a twinkling layer of frost.

"Wow," I said, "you get dressed first."

"Yeah right!" Natalie said, but then she jumped out of bed and grabbed all of our clothes and ran out of the room, screaming when the clothes hit her skin.

"God, it's freezing!" She yelled out. I heard her banging around in the kitchen, and then I heard the front door open and shut. Then nothing.

"Natalie?" I called out. No answer. I decided to wait in bed a bit. Sure enough, after a couple of minutes I heard the door open and shut again, and then the patter of bare footsteps running down the hall.

Natalie burst through the doorway, gloriously naked, but with her arms wrapped tight around herself.

"Letmein letmein letmein!" She said as she lifted the covers and scampered back into bed. She immediately pressed her body into mine and her skin was like ice.

"Jesus, you're freezing! Especially your feet, my God!"

"Well what do you want? The water is off and I had to go pee in the snow!" Natalie began trying to roll me onto my back. "Daddy, come on, put your arms around me I'm dying over here."

"Ah, okay, but ah -"

"Oh, good morning!" Natalie laughed as she pressed herself into me and immediately felt my cock jutting into her stomach. "Someone is awake this morning isn't he?"



A Stranger's Cabin Ch. 01
bytwistedjoe37©

"Natalie!"

"What, I'm not supposed to notice that monster? Jesus, Dad."

"Well you're not supposed to say anything about it."

And then both of us just started laughing like crazy.

"How the hell did we end up like this?" Natalie said. All I could do was shake my head.

"Did you say you'd peed in the snow?" I asked.

"Oh yeah, there's snow everywhere! I stepped off the deck and sank like two feet into it. I thought my legs were going to just fall off right then. Everything outside is buried."

"Two feet! That's nuts, I bet it only snows that much here maybe every five or ten years."

Natalie shivered up against me. I shifted so my erection wasn't pressing into her anymore. Eventually my daughter warmed up again, but my cock never softened. Being pressed against so young and beautiful a girl was just too much for it, I guess. At least there were enough blankets that they weren't tenting up while I laid on my back.

"So, I put our clothes out around the oven door, and turned it on to bake."

"That was smart."

"That's going to take a while to defrost them though. What do you want to do after that?"

"I don't know. If there's as much snow as you say, we can't drive out, even if I could get the car started. I guess the best bet is to try to turn the water on, and try to find some wood for the fire. Maybe even a place we can get some cell reception. But there was a lot of food in the kitchen. If we need to hole up here a few days, we should be okay."

"A few days?"

"Again, I'm open to suggestions."

Natalie lay her head down on my chest for a minute or so, but didn't offer any new ideas.

"Actually, Dad, you know... right now a few days doesn't sound too bad. We'll get out of here eventually, and its kind of an adventure."

"Way to look on the bright side, kiddo."

Natalie laughed. "We should get to the car and get our clothes at least though."

"We can, but we have to be careful."

"Why?"

"Nat, there's no doctors out here. We're on our own. I we go trudging through the snow in our street shoes, and end up with frostbite in our toes, we're in big trouble. We have to be careful to remember where we are."

My baby raised up and gave me a concerned look, but it quickly softened. "I know you'll get us through this. My daddy always keeps me safe."

"We're going to be fine, angel."

"I know."

Natalie raised her leg up and it bumped my erection. She laughed again.

"Damn, doesn't it ever go down?"

"I'm sorry baby, I'll get up."

"No, no it's fine. We still have a while till our clothes defrost."

I stayed in bed. The idea of putting on ice cold clothes held exactly no appeal to me.

Suddenly I felt Natalie's hand brush my cock. I jumped, thinking it was an accident, but then her fingers wrapped around my shaft and held very still.

"It's huge." She said in a soft voice.

I moved her hand away, but she put it right back.

"You shouldn't be touching me there." I said weakly.

"Oh come on. We're naked in bed together and you're hard as a rock. I just want to see how big it is."

Natalie trailed her fingers from the base of my cock to the tip. "God, it has to be eight inches long. And I can hardly get my fingers around it. Dad, you missed your calling working in construction, you should have been a porn star."

I laughed. "It's not THAT big. You want to take your hand off your father's dick now, princess?"

Natalie laughed too, and took her hand away. I ached to have it back on me, but I couldn't exactly tell her that.

"It's way bigger than Jason's." Jason was her boyfriend. I actually felt a pang of jealousy go through me when she said that, but I suppressed it. I had to be careful not to get caught up in this situation. Natalie was the most important person in my life, and my relationship with her was everything to me. Still, she seemed pretty comfortable so far. More than I felt, that's for sure.

"Angel, I'm going to ask you a question, and you don't have to-"

"Yeah, we've had sex. A few times."

"Okay."

"It wasn't very good though."

"That might be more information than I needed. All I want to know is, are you using protection?"

"We use condoms. We've never had sex without one."

"Good girl."

"You're not mad?"

I kissed my daughter's forehead, badly wanting to just roll her on her back and show her how good sex could really be. But of course that was impossible, so she just got the kiss. "No. I trust you, you're old enough, and... no, I'm not mad."

Natalie looked up and gave me another soft kiss on the mouth, letting it linger for a few seconds. It was right on the edge of anything that could be called "innocent."

I got out of bed. Wet clothes or not, I was going to end up doing something I regretted if I stayed under those covers.

"I'm going to see what I can find and check things out." I told Natalie, "you stay warm."

"Okay, Daddy. Do you want me just like this when you get back?" I looked back at her in shock, and she laughed and pulled the covers up over her head girlishly. My daughter, apparently, was quite the little minx.

Wet clothes and all (and let me tell you, it sucked putting them on) I went outside and searched for wood for the stove. I found some in a storage space under the deck. It wasn't a whole lot, which again made me think this cabin was probably used mainly in warmer months. But it would last us three days or so if we were careful. I also found some kindling and the pipe where the water was switched off. I even found a small generator, but there was no gas for it so it was pretty useless.

All of that took me about forty five minutes, and when I finished I found Natalie on the deck, with just one of the big comforters wrapped around her. She was obviously naked underneath.

"Wood!" She said. "You did it!"

"It's not a lot." I said, "and the stuff around here is going to be wet and buried under snow to boot. But if we don't keep a fire going at night, we should be good for a couple of days."

"Guess we'll just have to keep each other warm at night then."

"Guess so. But at least you'll have some dry clothes to wear to bed. You can use my shirt if you want."

"Okay." Natalie adjusted her comforter and looked around. "It's really kind of beautiful."

It was. We were in a small canyon, surrounded by evergreens and a landscape buried in clean white snow. The snow fall had been so sudden it had kept the shape of everything, but it was at least two feet deep. We'd be here until it melted down quite a bit.

Just as I thought it, fresh snow began to fall from the sky. My feet and legs were freezing.

"Let's get back inside." I suggested.

I got a fire set up with a couple of pieces of fir and some torn pages from a six month old issue of National Geographic we found in the living room. But then I realized that we were going to have to get creative to light the fire. I didn't smoke, and there were no matches in the house. I thought of maybe igniting one of the magazine pages on the stove.

"It's okay, Dad." Natalie said, producing a lighter from her inside coat pocket.

"I suppose I shouldn't wonder why you have a lighter?"

Natalie shrugged and pulled a baggie of weed out of the coat as well. "What are you going to do, send me to my room? I know you smoke it too sometimes so don't give me any crap about it."

I took the lighter with a disapproving look, but I was busted. She knew I took a hit occasionally so there was really nothing I could say. I got the fire started, and Natalie took a seat on the couch while we waited for the stove to heat the room. I went and turned off the oven, and used my daughter's lighter to get the pilot light lit on the water heater. Natalie cheered when she heard the device roar to life.

"Yay! Hot showers!"

I brought her still wet clothes out to the living room and hung them as best as I could from shelves, curtain rods, and whatever I could find near the woodstove. Then I went and stripped out of my clothes and wrapped up in a comforter like Natalie had done. I came out and hung my clothes too, trying to keep the comforter from hitting the floor as I did so. By the time I finished, the room was starting to get warmer. Pretty soon, it would probably be pretty comfortable.

"When do you think we'll be able to try for the car?" Natalie asked.

"I'm not sure yet sweetie. More importantly, when do you think you'll be able to try for breakfast?"

The rest of the day passed pretty pleasantly. Sure, we were stuck, but with no TV, no phone, no Internet, and none of our daily routine around us, everything was new and fun. Natalie made us some oatmeal and dried fruit for breakfast, and set some dried beans and rice to soaking. For lunch it was some chunky soup. Luckily the owners of the cabin had it pretty well stocked with canned and dried goods. We took hot showers, and we found a cabinet with Costco packages of paper towels and toilet paper, so we were now indoor bathroom enabled, thank God. We got dressed when our clothes dried; and found a few books, a deck of cards and a couple of board games, so we were pretty much set. I found myself not minding the situation at all. My brother was probably a little concerned, but he also probably figured we'd holed up in a hotel for a while because of the storm. Even though we hadn't called, he wasn't one to panic easy. My whole family was like that. Don't worry until you know there's a reason, as my Mom used to say.

As night fell we stopped feeding the stove. We'd agreed that we would stop putting logs in after sunset, and that when it got too cold we would retreat to the bed to stay warm until morning.

"So..." Natalie said as the stove began to go cold around eight o'clock. "How about a nightcap?" I looked to her and she was holding her little bag of weed and a small steel pipe. She grinned and I laughed.

"Yeah, okay." I said, "What the hell, you're a big girl now."

"Yeah, you should know." She said with a wink, and loaded up the pipe. In moments the room was filled with the pungent scent of marijuana.

Natalie's stuff was pretty good, and we had a couple of bowls each, which was just right. Everything got a nice soft edge to it, and I was happier and more relaxed than I'd been in some time.

"It's nice to see you smile so much." Natalie said.

"And why shouldn't I smile? I'm with my favorite girl."

Natalie beamed at the compliment and then leaned in and gave me another one of her soft kisses. "You're not so bad yourself." She said when our lips separated after a couple of seconds. I was going to get addicted to those kisses pretty soon. At home, all I got were little pecks on the cheek.

"I'm getting cold, Daddy. Are you ready for bed?" I stood up and took her hand, and led her into the bedroom.

I stripped down to my underwear, and Natalie to her panties. She had just hooked her thumbs in the waist band when she looked up and saw me handing her my shirt.

"Oh. Actually, Daddy... can we just sleep naked again? I don't want our clothes to get too stinky and... well it felt really good, the skin on skin. You know?"

I hesitated, and she took my shirt from me and tossed it in the corner. She pulled her panties down and stood in front of me naked. Her nipples hard and her eyes large and dark. I think any willpower I may have had to do what I knew was right was probably extinguished right there by looking at her perfect, perfect body. No artist in the world could have sculpted a more delicious tribute to the glory of youth, or to that magical age when a child became an adult. My little girl was breathtaking.

I slid my boxers down my legs, not caring that my cock was growing right in front of my baby's eyes. I took her hand again and pulled her down with me beneath the covers.

We held each other for a few minutes while the sheets warmed, my cock rigid and pressed up against her belly. Then Natalie kissed me on the mouth again, the marijuana we'd had enhancing the flavor and texture of her lips to a degree I'd never felt before. I was intensely aware of every inch of her body. Of her smooth leg wrapping around the outside of my thigh, of the yielding of the flesh of her breasts against my hard chest.

I felt her mouth open, and I slid my tongue into it, where it danced deliciously with hers. Our breathing became ragged and deep as we tasted each other's mouths. My hand began to trace circles on her firm back, and she pressed herself into me tighter, her tongue deeper into my mouth.

With gentle pressure from her hand, my little girl rolled me onto my back, and she straddled me, my cock pinned between my belly and her incredibly wet pussy.

Softly, my daughter began to grind her clit on my shaft as we continued our sinfully deep kiss. I wanted so bad to rock my hips, and let myself slide into her depths, but I couldn't let it go that far, I couldn't.

How can I describe the feeling of your own daughter's open sex rocking back and forth on your cock? Her body felt so amazing on mine. I was in a state of hyper-sensitivity. I could feel every tiny, fine hair on her body, sliding back and forth against me. I could feel every drop of her vaginal juices lubricating my shaft, covering me in slick fluids as if begging me to enter her, to fill her with my seed. Her nipples felt like tiny pebbles, dragging against the skin of my chest. It was torture, but the best torture I've ever experienced. I never wanted it to stop.

Suddenly Natalie sped up her grinding and broke our kiss. She took in a deep breath and then let out a low moan.

"Oh God, Daddy... Daddy... I... I'm cumming."

The reality of what we were doing hit me then. My baby girl was cumming. And it was my dick she was cumming on. It was me, making her cum. Nothing would ever be the same between us. Nothing.

Natalie just melted against me, juices from her vagina flowing out of her and covering my cock. She just panted in my ear as I tried to clear the fog of lust and pot from my head and figure out how to feel about what had just happened.

But my cock had a mind of its own and only wanted one thing. It jerked against my baby's pussy, reminding her it was still there.

"Oh God, Daddy, I'm sorry, I'm sorry I... just let me..." Natalie began to slide her way down my body, and I know I should have stopped her, but I didn't. I didn't move at all.

I felt my daughter kiss my cock, and then I felt the warm wetness of her mouth surround my shaft. I groaned softly as she began to bob her head up and down. I moved the covers off her, because the last thing I wanted was for her to stop because she couldn't breathe.

Natalie was fantastic with her mouth. She went at just the right pace, not too fast and not too slow, very sensuous; with a steady rhythm. I could feel her tongue against the sensitive underside, and it didn't take long before my balls began to contract, and I felt my insides tighten.

"Natalie... You're going to make Daddy cum, sweetheart. Be careful."

Natalie broke contact, and I could feel her eyes on mine more than I could see them.

"It's okay, Daddy," she said, "cum in my mouth. I want you to."

Natalie sealed her lips around my shaft again, increased the pressure of her hand below her eagerly sucking mouth, and picked up her pace. I couldn't hold back anymore. No part of me wanted to. With a moan ripped from my soul, I arched my back in ecstasy as my cock started spewing load after load of thick, hot cum into my daughter's waiting mouth.

I gasped and twisted on the bed as my orgasm went on and on. Four shots, five. A torrent of sperm filled semen onto my little girl's tongue. She swallowed everything greedily, and kept up a slow, sensuous suction until she was sure she'd taken in every drop I had to give her.

I didn't know what to say. I couldn't even feel guilty, such was the pleasure than had perfused every cell of my body. Natalie slid her body up mine and molded against me perfectly. None of it felt real. It was like an incredible dream, or some preview of Heaven. We kissed again, deeply and passionately, and I could taste my own salt semen in her mouth.

"Thank you, Daddy." Natalie said.

"What did I do, baby? What did I do?"

"Shhh. You didn't do anything I didn't want you to. Nothing at all."

"I hope you're sure."

Natalie giggled and snuggled her head into my chest.

"Your cum tastes good, Daddy. I love it. And I love you."

I held my daughter's naked body close to mine, as I struggled with what was happening between us. Even this couldn't stop the warm after glow of my orgasm from washing over me though.

"I love you too, angel. More than anything."

Before I knew it, I was asleep.




A Stranger's Cabin Ch. 02
bytwistedjoe37©

*All Characters are over 18 years old*

***This chapter is for the corrupted good girl who sent me that loooong anonymous email. Thanks.**

I woke in the cold pre-light of dawn. The cabin was freezing, as usual, though not as bad as that first night my daughter and I had spent there.

My daughter, Natalie. Her naked body was still wrapped around mine. I looked down at her angel face and noticed a bit of dried cum at the corner of her mouth. My cum. My gut tightened at the thought.

Memories of the night before ran through my head. Memories of her grinding her teenaged clit against my rock hard cock, of her telling me she was cumming, of her taking me into her mouth and swallowing my sperm.

Quietly, I climbed out of the bed, got dressed, and went to the living room to build a fire. Natalie didn't stir.

Even then, consumed with guilt, I still looked back at my beautiful little girl, laying in the bed we'd shared since we'd gotten snowed in here. She was perfection itself. Pure, sensuous, perfection.

I tore my eyes away and willed my cock to stop stiffening in my pants.

I got the fire started in the woodstove and cleaned the dishes from the night before, but my mind was still consumed with images of what I'd done with my daughter. I hadn't fucked her, but I'd made her cum on my cock, and she'd sucked me off. It was incest, and I couldn't help but think she was going to hate me when she woke up.

Worse, we were still stuck. I went outside to see if any of the snow had cleared, but it was still two feet deep everywhere.

I decided to check the car. Maybe I could get it to start. Maybe someone had come and cleared the road, though I doubted it. Still, at the worst I could at least get our clean clothes and the sleeping bag. With the sleeping bag I could stay on the couch, and not be tempted into taking things further with Natalie.

I put my shoes on and ventured out. I thought about telling Natalie where I was going, but I couldn't bear to meet her eyes.

My shoes were just Nike cross trainers, more appropriate for my Los Angeles home than trekking through the snowy mountains of Humboldt County. It was more than a mile to the car. By the time I reached it, I had long since lost feeling in my toes.

The car was completely buried in snow. It took me ten minutes just to clear it enough to get inside.

I tried to start the car, but it was just as dead as when we'd had to leave it in the storm. I took off one wet shoe and sock and tried to rub some feeling into my toes, but it was futile. At least the sun was out now. Maybe tomorrow or the next day we'd be able to head back out. We were stuck until then, unless I could find a place with cell reception.

Cell reception! We'd tried it at the car and at the cabin, but nowhere else. Up ahead of the car was a high point in the road, and with numb feet, I climbed it. Walking through the snow was tough, but luckily I kept myself in top shape with a regular gym routine, and my legs were still holding up.

I took out my cell phone and turned it on, having shut it off even before the storm to conserve batteries. I had two bars if I stood on the hill and faced just the right way. I called my brother. It had been his house Natalie and I had been headed to before we'd gotten lost in the storm.

"Hello?" Carl said on the other end. I'd never been happier to hear his voice.

I told Carl about the storm, about getting stuck. I told him Natalie and I were holed up in some stranger's cabin probably a few miles from his house but I couldn't be sure exactly where.

"Holy shit, bro! We've all been up here drinking and having a great time and you guys have been like a Survivor episode! Look, my truck might be able to handle this snow if I throw some chains on it. We have to figure out how I can get you."

"No, I can't even tell you where I am for sure. We're okay here, especially now that the sun is out. Let's wait for the snow to melt down a bit, and then we'll walk to the main road and you can meet us there."

"Well... truth is I'm not even sure I could get to you, anyway, this snow is crazy. If you're sure you'll be okay then it sounds like your plan is better."

I assured him we were okay, and promised him I'd call and check in tomorrow.

The reality was I was just as happy to still be stuck. I did want to get us out of that cabin, but I wanted a day to attempt to save my relationship with my daughter.

I found Natalie on the couch when I got back. She was wrapped in a thick blanket, but apparently still naked underneath.

"Clothes!" She exclaimed when she saw that I carried one of our suitcases. I'd filled it with essentials for both of us, leaving the rest back with the car. The only other item I carried was the sleeping bag. Natalie noticed it and wrinkled her nose at it, but she didn't say anything.

She certainly seemed happy enough, and even just that was a tremendous relief.

While Natalie raided the suitcase, I opened the door of the woodstove and got my feet as close as I could. They were so cold even getting within eighteen inches of the fire was painful. My toes were pure white.

"Oh my God, Daddy!" Natalie said, rushing over to me. She tried to rub some warmth into my feet with her slender hands.

"I'm okay." I said. "They're just cold. Once I warm them up I'll be fine."

"My hero." She said with a genuine smile, looking right into my eyes. I think she'd been looking at me the same way last night, right before I started shooting cum into her mouth. My gut dropped at the memory.

"I found a place we can use my phone. I called Carl and told him where we were." I related all the details to my lovely daughter, who nodded her understanding. I couldn't shake the images of last night. Despite my feelings of guilt, my cock began to thicken in my pants.

"We have to talk." I said finally.

"Wait until your feet warm up. I'll make us some breakfast."

With that, Natalie stood and walked into the kitchen. I sighed in resignation and kept rubbing blood back into my feet.

A few minutes later and I was back to normal, having changed into some dry clothes; and Natalie had cooked up some oatmeal for us from the stores let by whomever owned this place. We hadn't wanted for any essentials since we'd arrived, though our supply of wood was getting low. We only had enough for today and the next if we conserved at night, which was why we'd started sharing a bed. We'd needed the warmth.

I joined Natalie at the couch and we ate our breakfast in silence. When we'd finished she started things up.

"Okay Dad, let's talk."

"About last night..."

"It was amazing. I loved it."

"You... really?"

"Yes."

"You don't think its weird?"

"No, it is. But... I mean what hasn't been weird about this whole trip? Listen, I think the worst thing we can do is make a big deal about anything that happens here. Whatever we do, I'm still your daughter and you're still my Daddy, and I will always love you. You'll always love me, right?"

"Of course, angel. Nothing could ever make me not love you, I just don't want to hurt you."

"What we did last night is about as far from hurt as you can get. It felt really good."

Natalie got up and repositioned herself so she was laying across me, cuddled up with her head on my chest. I immediately felt better about the whole thing. I was surprised - and a little embarrassed - that my teenaged daughter had stayed so calm and mature about all this while I had spent the morning freaking out. I'd raised a smart cookie.

"You're the first man to ever make me cum."

I kissed her head. "You did all the work angel."

"But you were so patient, and you stayed so hard the whole time. I really liked it."

"I... I liked it too." I admitted. I had to. Last night had been the most amazing sexual experience of my life. Now that the guilt was gone, I found myself wanting - needing - to do it again. My cock was instantly hard in my pants.

Natalie must have felt my change in mood, because she immediately began breathing harder. My hands held her more firmly, and began to move over her back and leg. Natalie slid her hands under my shirt to feel my chest. Soon we were kissing, our tongues tangling together.

It was different, in the light of day. I could see my baby girl so clearly. The same girl I had delivered teary eyed to Kindergarten was now reaching between my legs to rub my cock through my pants.

With her touch, our need increased tenfold. We were writhing together on the couch now, and I opened the blanket that surrounded her, pressing myself into her naked body. She slid my shirt and sweater off of my chest, and as soon as our skin made contact, she reached down for my belt, her hands working it loose quickly.

"Help me, Daddy." She said, "Help me get these off you."

"Okay, but we have to be careful baby. We can't let things go too far."

We worked together to get my jeans down over my legs. I got one leg kicked free, but the other leg got caught. I ignored it as I groped my daughter's firm breasts, and kissed her neck savagely.

Natalie wasn't happy with just my jeans being off. She tugged and pulled at my underwear and after a moment's hesitation I helped her take them all the way off.

"Daddy... Daddy... I want you inside me."

I looked down at Natalie, her eyes wide and dark, her lips moist and parted as she drew in breath through her mouth.

"Baby, we can't. That's too much. You could get pregnant."

"No, no, its not the right time for that. Please Daddy. Please, I need you so bad."

Natalie reached down and positioned my hard cock at the entrance to her dripping wet pussy. She began to rock her hips, lubricating the head of my shaft with every motion. Everything around the periphery of my vision began to fade, until I could see only her. Only my daughter, begging me to slide my cock into her tight, teenaged pussy. I couldn't even imagine it fitting inside her.

"God, Daddy, I'm so wet, I need you so bad. Please put this monster inside me. I need it, I need it."

I edged forward, sliding the tip of my penis into my baby girl's vagina.

"Oh yes, Daddy. Please put it in me. More."

I pushed in a little further, feeling her stretch around me. She brought her knees up to her sides, opening herself completely, letting me invade her soaked little snatch.

"More. Fill my pussy, Daddy. Fill my pussy with your cock."

"Angel... those things you're saying are going to make me crazy."

Natalie gasped and purred as my cock sank into her another inch.

"Oh yes... are you going to fuck me, Daddy? Are you going to fuck your own daughter?"

I couldn't hold back anymore. I grasped Natalie by the back of her neck and sank my eight inch cock all the way into her in one thrust. She screamed and thrashed, and I felt her nails cut into my back.

"OH MY GOD DADDY!"

"Is that what you wanted angel? You wanted your Daddy's cock in you all the way?"

"Oh it feels so fucking good!"

I began to thrust in and out of my little girl, and her legs came up and around my hips, locking me too her. Her body was going wild as I fucked her, her head whipping back and forth in lust, her arms lifting her into my chest, crushing her tits into me. I just held on and rammed my cock into her over and over again, the obscene sounds of her juices being forced out of her by my invading organ were the most erotic I'd ever heard.

"Daddy... Daddy... oh fuck, I'm going to cum. Please don't stop."

"That's right, Angel. I want you to be a good girl and cum for me."

"Oh yeah, I'll be your good girl. I'll be your good girl. I'll do anything you want."

"Just cum for me baby."

"Oh yes, oh God I'm cumming Daddy! I-"

The rest was lost in a primal howl that tore its way out of my daughter's throat. Her pussy clenched around me tighter than anything I'd ever felt before, and then clutched and released over and over again as spasms rocked her body.

My balls tightened and my guts began to churn. My cock got even harder inside her as Natalie collapsed back into he couch.

"I'm going to cum too, baby. Daddy's going to cum all over you."

"No, Daddy, do it inside!"

"I can't baby. I can't."

"Oh no! I need it. Fill my pussy with your sperm Daddy. I want it in me."

"No baby! Oh fuck I'm cumming!"

"Yes! Yes, cum for me!"

I pulled out of her. I don't know where I found the will power to do it but I did. I pulled my huge cock out of my baby's tiny pussy and aimed it at her as it jumped and shook and started spewing like a cannon. Hot, sticky sperm splattered on Natalie's heaving breasts, on her neck, and on her face and hair. There was so much of it, easily more than I'd ever shot before. The cum just kept pouring out, covering my daughter in thick white cream. She cried out as the shots hit her, rubbing her hands in the mess and smearing it all over her skin.

I gasped as my orgasm finally subsided, and watched as Natalie brought her fingers to her lips and sucked each of them clean. She ate my cum with tiny moans, her eyes closed in ecstasy.

I collapsed on top of her, spent physically, emotionally; even spiritually. I had nothing left to give. Natalie continued to lick her fingers underneath me, oblivious to my weight.

"Oh my God." She breathed, over and over again. Then she reached around me and clutched me to her tightly.

"I love you, Daddy." She said to me.

"I love you, too, Natalie. More than anything."

"I know. I know."

Natalie kissed me then and somewhere in the back of my mind I knew that what we had just started was never going to stop. How could it? Our relationship had changed forever. My daughter and I were lovers, and she was the best lover I'd ever had. What woman would compare? What woman would I ever love more completely? How could we expect to not repeat this experience, as often as possible? It would be insanity to try.

It would be insanity to continue.

We rolled around on the couch until Natalie was once again cuddled up to my chest. We were the very picture of the sin of incest. Father and daughter, naked together, covered in each others cum.

I'd never felt more alive. I doubted I would ever experience something so intense again, or so forbidden.

I was so wrong.

Later that day we decided that this would be our last night at the cabin. This was a decision made more for survival than any real desire to leave. We would burn through most of the wood tonight, and get out in the morning assuming the clear weather held. We would walk out to the main road and meet my brother in his truck. Any other delay would be letting our supply of wood get too low, and if it snowed hard again, we'd be looking at running out of food in about a week. It was time to go. I would leave a check for five hundred dollars on the kitchen table, to pay for the door panel I broke and the supplies we consumed. I also left a note explaining what had happened and a contact number if more money was needed.

So we laid out a bunch of blankets in front of the woodstove and left the door open so we could watch the fire crackle and burn. We lay on the blankets, my daughter and I, naked and feeding each other dried fruits and almonds from the pantry. We smoked the last of Natalie's pot, and held each other. I stroked her hair, and she did the same to my cock, until it was hard as a pole in her hand.

"I really liked having this inside me." She said.

"It's yours if you want it again."

"I do. I want to suck it a little, and then I want you to cum inside me."

"Natalie, we can't do that. I know you think its safe, but its not."

"It'll be fine, Daddy. I want to feel your cock jerk inside me while you fill me up. It's all I've thought about all day. Please give it to me. Give me your cum. I've swallowed it, I've worn it, now I want to have it in my pussy."

Natalie began kissing her way down my body, until her mouth was inches from my raging shaft.

"Can you do that, Daddy? Can you fill my pussy for me?"

"Yes." I heard myself say. My little girl took my huge cock into her mouth as far as she could, and began a slow suction, interrupted every now and then by her tongue running up and down my length.

"Baby, that feels so good."

"I love it." Natalie answered. Then she climbed her way up my body, centering her petite hips on mine. She used her fingers to spread her labia apart, and then slowly lowered her tight, wet pussy onto my cock.

She went so slowly. I could savor every inch of her silken wetness as she sank down on me, until finally her pubic thatch was pressed into my own.

Natalie rode me up and down while I shoved my cock in to meet her downward thrusts, until eventually we reached a rhythm where she was grinding her hips on me, building in speed and intensity until finally she just lost all control.

"Oh fuck, Daddy. Fuck me Daddy! I'm cumming!"

"That's it baby. I can feel it. Cum all over your Daddy's cock."

"Oh yes, Daddy! Daddy!"

My daughter's spasms seized her vagina as I thrust my shaft in and out of her. I felt every ripple of her orgasm, lost in the sin of our coupling. Lost in the ecstasy of my baby's pussy. This was every father's secret fantasy, and I was living it.

Natalie's orgasm seemed to go on and on, but when she finally went limp on top of me, I lifted her off my cock and laid her down on her stomach, near the fire.

I crawled up behind my daughter and eased my cock back into her vagina. I let her close her legs, and pushed up onto my hands.

"Oh fuck, Daddy, I feel you so deep. Oh God I can't take it."

"You're going to take it, baby girl. You're going to take everything I give you. And I'm going to give you everything."

"Oh yes, Daddy. I'm yours. Fuck me. Fuck your little girl."

I did. I pistoned in and out of my daughter for everything I was worth. I reached under and through her arms and crushed my weight into her tiny body while I grunted obscene things into her ear. I thrust into her harder and harder, her screaming like a wild cat, me telling her what a good girl she was. I lost all sanity and morality in those moments, and she did as well. We embraced the wrongness of what we were doing. We embraced the horror and disgust of society, and then we forgot it. All we became was man and woman, father and daughter, hard cock and wet pussy. Sweat covered our bodies and our mixed scent filled our senses. My whole world was the young woman beneath me. The one I had helped create, and was now about to make my own.

My orgasm hit like a tsunami. I pushed my cock all the way into my daughter and fired a torrent of sperm filled semen into her. I coated every inch of her vagina with it, overfilling her, my seed spilling to the blankets beneath her. Then I started thrusting again, pushing my cum farther inside, driving it up into her womb.

I stayed hard. I kept fucking my girl, taking her from behind for what seemed like hours, until her moans became delirious whimpers. Then I came in her again, giving her every drop of seed I had left in my body. Only then did my cock soften. Only then did I let myself slip out of her, and take my weight off of her.

"Daddy... daddy." She moaned.

"Are you okay, angel?" I asked. She seemed to have to pull herself back from some alternate reality just to smile and nod.

I picked my little girl up and carried her to our bed, my cum still leaking from her pussy, and coating the inside of her legs. My daughter. My lover. Mine.

"I love you... I love you." She said to me as she cuddled against my chest and sleep took her.

"I love you too, angel." I said. "I always will." 