Home « Vulgus's Page « A Teaser Taught a Lesson Index - Settings
Chapter 1
Posted: August 14, 2008 - 12:00:00 am
Updated: March 30, 2009 - 12:45:03 pm
﻿

My problems started when I was a young girl. When I was around eight or nine I first discovered exhibitionism. There is actually nothing unusual about that. Lots of girls that age discover the illicit thrill of allowing the boys a peek at their panties. We don't know that there is a name for it. We don't even know why it excites us yet. But it does.

I remember watching two girls on a playground when I was eight. They were both nine. It was during recess and they were playing with a boy that I didn't know. He was a couple of years older than the girls. The boy was lying on his back in the grass and the two girls were circling around him and taking turns stepping over his head so that he could look up their short dresses and see their underwear.

I still remember the thrill I got just from watching them.

My next flirt with exhibitionism came at the playground in the park near our house. It was only a few weeks later and I know that what I had seen in the playground earlier was still fresh in my mind when I found myself hanging upside down by my knees on the monkey bars in front of several of the boys I played with regularly. They were a year or two older than I was. But they were still excited about seeing my underwear.

I remember being embarrassed when they kidded me about seeing my underpants. I also remember that secret thrill washing over me again. And still I had no idea what it was or why I felt that way.

At that age I found that boys my age weren't all that interested in girls. So I always looked for boys that were a year or two older. But I had begun to notice that it wasn't just boys that age that looked. It was older boys too. And even grown up men would look if they thought they could do it without anyone noticing.

Pretty soon an entirely new dynamic was added. I started growing breasts. Jesus that was exciting! I started to notice that the first thing any male looked at when they looked at me was my chest. Even when my tits were tiny, not much more than puffy nipples, they still looked. And the thinner my shirt the harder they looked.

It was years before I came to realize that it wasn't even unusual for girls, and women, to get a thrill from showing off to the boys. I suppose it's in our DNA. A subconscious attempt to attract a mate perhaps?

But while I began to recognize in my peers that streak of exhibitionism that was so common, I don't think any of my friends took it as far as I did. In some ways it became a controlling factor in my life.

Now, at the age of nineteen, I am still an exhibitionist, though I am somewhat more careful about it. You won't find me hanging upside down from the monkey bars in the playground anymore. Though now that I think about it, it might be kind of fun. My underwear is a lot sexier now.

I have become an incorrigible tease. It isn't that I don't like sex. I do. And it isn't like I never go farther than teasing and showing off. But to be honest, the biggest thrill for me is the tease. I absolutely get off on turning guys on and driving them completely crazy with desire for me. And not just the guys I find attractive and would like to go farther with. I'm that way with all guys. In fact, I probably enjoy it more with the guys that I know don't stand a chance of getting into my tight, sexy, lacy panties.

I went to work right out of high school. I was never a very good student. It isn't that I'm not reasonably intelligent. I am honest enough to admit to myself that my problem was that I was lazy. I never did any more than I had to do to get a passing grade.

I got a job in a small office downtown. There are twelve men working there. There is one small private office where the owner spends his time. The other eleven men work in large, semiprivate cubicles around the walls of the main room. They are all professionals, architects. Then there is me and one other woman. The other woman is my supervisor. She is in her forties or something and I don't think she likes me. I think it's because she knows that I got the job because I'm cute and sexy.

Don't get me wrong. I do my job and I do it well. But while I am doing it I flirt with all the guys and drive them crazy. I even torment the owner whenever I get the chance and he seems to get a kick out of it.

I wear sexy clothes and I get a bigger thrill out of leaning down over their desks and giving them a nice long look at my cleavage than they do. And I love to sit on the corner of their desks and act like I don't know that they can see right up my miniskirt to my lacy underwear.

When I am showing off like that I always wonder if they can see the wet spot on the front of my panties or if it is too dark under my short skirts. I wonder if my underwear is working up inside of my hot, juicy pussy and if they can see the swollen flesh of my vulva or perhaps a few stray strands of my light blonde pubic hair.

I would never do anything but tease the guys though. I mean, like they were all old, you know. They are as old as my father. The youngest guy at work was like in his thirties! And all but one of them was married. Most of them were pretty dorky too. That was what made them perfect for my little games.

They all tried. Once they got a few peeks down my blouse and up my skirt they all tried to hit on me. All but the one guy that wasn't married. Paul was probably the oldest guy in the office. He was probably close to fifty years old. He was a widower who lived alone. He seemed to be the owner's favorite. He spent more time in the owner's office than anyone else.

But he totally ignored me no matter what I did. I was starting to wonder if he was gay or something.

It was obvious that he didn't like me and he frowned on my little flashing games. I don't know why. I mean, the guys liked it. They always got a big kick out it when I flashed them. And after a while they knew they were never going to get more than a peek at paradise. They still enjoyed looking as much as I enjoyed showing off a little. It was all just harmless fun.

I suppose that I shouldn't have gone out of my way to tease him more than the others. I guess it bothered me that my little games didn't seem to have an effect on him. He would pointedly avoid looking down my blouse when I bent over his desk or up my skirt when I tried to flash my panties at him.

One day I had just dropped some papers on his desk and as usual he didn't even look up. I leaned my butt against the corner of his desk and then slid my butt up and sat on the edge. I asked, "Paul, why don't you like me? You always give me dirty looks and you never talk to me when I come around and try to be friendly. Don't you like girls?"

He started to ignore me. But then he slowly put his pen down, sat back in his chair and glared at me for a moment. After an uncomfortably long pause he responded in a firm voice that left no doubt what he thought of me, "You are a fucking prick tease, Shannon. I'd have a lot more respect for you if you went around fucking all these guys. Instead, you flash your tits and your little pussy at them and get them all excited and then you walk away, probably to the ladies room to play with yourself while you think about how hard those poor saps got looking at your goodies. I've told you before. Stay the fuck away from me. Now get your nasty ass off of my desk. I have work to do."

That son of a bitch! He had no right to talk to me that way! I slowly lowered one foot to the floor, making sure that the bastard got a damned long look at my lacy underwear. Then I stood up and walked away. I was so mad that I promised myself that I was going to make a point out of driving him crazy. I was going to try my best to keep his fucking cock hard all day long and send him home with blue balls every night of the week. He had no right to talk to me like that!

Hell! I was doing these guys a favor! You can't tell me that they didn't like looking at the little bits of flesh and sexy lingerie that I flashed them. What the hell did Paul expect? That I was going to have sex with every guy that got a peek at my boobs or my underwear?!

I spent the last three days of the week going out of my way to make a tripod out of that son of a bitch. I flashed him every time I got near his desk. And I was much more blatant with him than I had been with the others. It was my goal to send him home with a hard on Friday night that would last all weekend. It was a three day weekend, too. Monday was a holiday.

I was going to teach him a lesson!

It didn't quite work out the way I planned it.

I had to work a little late on Friday. Not a lot. Maybe fifteen minutes. But the place empties out fast on Friday, and even faster on the Friday before a three day weekend. When I went out to the parking lot it was almost deserted. The usual river of rush hour traffic was streaming by out on the highway. It looked like the city was being evacuated. I wasn't worried though. It looked like this every evening.

I stood by my car for a minute, trying to decide if I was going to go straight home to my tiny studio apartment and eat a tuna sandwich or if I should stop somewhere on the way home and pick up a hamburger. Those were my only two choices really. My parents were out of town for the weekend. I had broken up with my last boyfriend. He thinks I'm too much of a flirt. My closest friends had plans for the weekend. My options were pretty limited.

I decided that the tuna was a smarter move than the burger and that being the most important decision I planned to make this weekend I started unlocking my car door to go home.

I never saw it coming. I didn't hear anyone behind me. Suddenly a muscular arm went around my neck and a large cloth bag or a pillowcase or something was slipped over my head. I opened my mouth to scream but as soon as I opened my mouth a large rubber ball was crammed between my teeth. Before I even knew what was going on it was fastened in place with a strap around the back of my head.

I struggled to free myself with all of my might but it was a waste of effort. The large man that had me in his grip didn't even seem to notice.

My arms were grabbed and cuffed behind my back. The bag over my head was tied in place around my neck. I stood there, more afraid than I had ever been in my life and tried to stop myself from hyperventilating. I didn't want to pass out. I wanted to know what was going to happen to me. Or at least I think I did.

I stopped struggling for a moment. The panic I felt kept me frozen in place while my attacker used a piece of rough rope to tie my ankles together. I was totally helpless and as far as I could tell, no one had seen a thing.

My attacker picked me up and tossed me over his shoulder easily. I heard him lock my car and take the key. He carried me a short distance and I was roughly placed into the trunk of a car. My attacker used another piece of rope to tie my ankles to the handcuffs holding my wrists in place behind my back. Then the trunk lid was slammed shut.

It had all happened in less than two minutes. He had never said a word and I had seen only enough of my attacker to know that he was a large, muscular, white man. I never saw his face and he I didn't have a clue as to his identity.

I was experiencing every woman's worst nightmare. I had never been so afraid in my life.

I heard him get in the car and start it up and drive slowly out of the parking lot. There was no wild getaway. He didn't seem to be doing anything to draw attention to his actions. He calmly drove away with me in the trunk, totally vulnerable and terrified.

I lay helpless in that dark trunk, thinking of all the possibilities. There weren't that many. They ranged from horrible to even worse. But above all else I knew that I did not want to die. I was so scared I could hardly breathe. But I resolved to do whatever it took to stay alive.

No matter how much I tried not to think about the possibility, my mind kept flashing on the pictures of those poor girls that were frequently in the news. I was being haunted by those pretty young women who disappear for days or weeks and the community searches and searches until her body is found in a shallow grave somewhere. Was that to be my fate?

Just before I went completely crazy the car slowed and then parked and the engine was turned off. I heard a garage door closing and then my captor got out of the car and opened the trunk. I was lifted from the trunk and carried into a silent house.

He set me down and removed the rope between my handcuffs and my ankles. He picked me up effortlessly and stood me on my feet. Before I could fall to the floor and curl up in a little ball he placed a rope around my neck. The rope was already there, suspended from the ceiling, waiting for me. He had not just seen me on the street and taken me. He had planned this!

But did he plan to take me or was I just the first victim he came upon? Or, did he do this often and keep this rope here for those occasions when he found a likely victim?

I hated all of this, of course. But that damned rubber ball in my mouth was what frustrated me the most. I couldn't talk. I couldn't plead. I couldn't reason with him. I couldn't scream for help. And I was drooling around the sides of the fucking rubber ball and that was embarrassing.

I felt him loosening the string that held the cloth bag over my head. I was finally going to get to see the face of my attacker! Maybe he would even remove that horrible ball from my mouth and I could reason with him, or at least beg to be released.

I felt the fresh air rushing in and I inhaled deeply. The stale air inside that little bag over my head was quickly replaced with breathable air. I felt him reaching under the bag and I was dismayed to learn that I was not to have my sight returned after all. He was placing a blindfold over my eyes. When it was secure he lifted the bag from my head. I was grateful for the fresh air but I was still blind and mute and totally helpless and it was terrifying.

Things suddenly got a lot worse. As soon as my captor had removed the bag over my head his hands went to my blouse and violently ripped it down the front. I heard buttons flying off and landing around the room and I felt the cool room air on my body.

He pulled the remnants of my blouse down and let it hang from my hands which were still cuffed behind me. He stood in front of me then. I could imagine him staring at me in my sexy little bra. Like all of my bras it was a sexy, lacy little thing. I knew that he could see my nipples through the lace.

I kept expecting his large, strong hands to begin to molest my helpless body. But still he didn't touch me, not that way.

His hand grabbed the front of my bra and with one vicious, painful yank the front closure was destroyed and my breasts were exposed. But still he didn't touch me.

My bra slid down my shoulders to join the remnants of my blouse hanging from my fettered wrists. I felt his large hands at the waist of my miniskirt. He tore the closure open with ease and allowed my skirt to fall to the floor around my feet.

It suddenly occurred to me that he was destroying my clothing. Did that mean that he did not intend for me to leave here, ever?

I was left in only my panties and pantyhose now. But not for long. He didn't try to rip those. He roughly jerked at the waistband and yanked them down to my ankles where they came to rest on the ropes that still bound my ankles.

I was naked now, in front of a total stranger. Or at least I assumed it was a stranger. I was naked and totally helpless, and still he didn't touch me.

I heard him walk away and I was relieved, but confused. I nervously followed the sounds he made as he went to the kitchen and it took me a moment to realize he had left me, naked and restrained, to go and make his supper!

I remained standing precariously with a rope around my neck with drool oozing out around the corners of my mouth while my captor made supper. Before he ate though, he came back over to where I stood and stared at me.

I still waited fearfully for his hands to take advantage of my helplessness. But still he didn't touch me. Instead, he fastened sturdy leather straps around my upper thighs. His hands worked so close to my crotch that I imagined that I could feel the heat from them. And still he didn't touch me!

Once he had fastened one of those heavy leather straps to each of my thighs he moved behind me and unlocked my handcuffs. Before I could react he grabbed my arm and I discovered that there were wrist restraints attached to the straps around my thighs.

Once he had restrained both of my wrists I felt him cutting my panties and pantyhose away from my ankles with a knife. He cut my skirt away and then I heard him picking up my blouse and bra and walking away, leaving me helpless and totally exposed.

I realized that I was totally focused on every move he was making, analyzing the sounds and trying to judge his intent. But then, that was all I had. My entire world had been reduced to listening to what my kidnapper was doing and waiting helplessly for him to do whatever he was going to do to me.

I heard him sit down nearby and eat his evening meal. I could smell the food. It smelled good. But of course I was much too terrified to have an appetite. On the other hand, I was dying for a glass of water. And I would have given almost anything to get that damned ball out of my mouth so that I could swallow.

I was very tired and extremely uncomfortable. The rope around my neck that was holding me in place was beginning to chafe. My arms were no longer held in place behind my back, but I still didn't have the use of them. My legs were tired and my jaw was extremely uncomfortable from being held open around that rubber ball.

But all of that paled next to the terror that I felt as I contemplated my fate. I didn't know if I was going to be alive tomorrow. I didn't know if I was going to be tortured or simply raped and killed. I had begun to fear that I was going to die tonight because of the violent way he had shredded my clothing. I certainly couldn't get dressed and walk out of here now.

I heard my kidnapper get up and clean up the table and wash dishes. He left the room then. I listened as he went past me and into the back of the house. It wasn't a relief to have him out of the room though. I was nervous about that rope around my neck. What if I fell? I could suffocate, hang on that noose and be dead before he returned.

But I didn't. It may have been ten minutes later when I heard him returning. I can't say for sure. It is impossible to gauge time when you are blindfolded, restrained and terrified out of your fucking mind!

I felt him unbuckling the strap that held the rubber ball in my mouth and I was almost grateful to him. He pulled it out of my mouth and I was just about to speak. I don't honestly know if I was going to beg him to let me go or scream obscenities at him for the indignities he was putting me through.

In either case, I never got the chance. I worked my jaw a couple of times. It was stiff and sore and I'm not even sure if I could have spoken right away. But in seconds I felt him stuffing something else in my mouth. It was some sort of rubber coated metal circle that held my mouth open again. It fastened behind my head just like the rubber ball had.

The two major differences that I could discern were that my jaw wasn't forced to open quite as far now as it had been with the ball, and the ring was open in the center which allowed me to breathe through my mouth.

I tried to speak with the ring in my mouth. I wanted to beg him for a sip of water if nothing else. All thoughts of screaming obscenities were gone now. But I was only capable of making unintelligible noises. I couldn't even ask for water.

He stepped back again. He still hadn't touched me. Or at least he still hadn't touched me anyplace that would be considered inappropriate. I admit that I was getting confused. I had assumed that this was all about rape. Why didn't he just do it and get it over with?!

He came near once more and untied the rope around my ankles. I thought about trying to kick him as soon as the rope was released. I was never an honors student, but I knew that would be a dumb thing to do.

I was already afraid that he was going to torture me. Even if I did manage to kick him hard enough to cause him pain, then what? Then nothing, of course. If my only two choices are piss him off and don't piss him off, I'm going to have to go for the latter. So I stood still as he untied my ankles and stepped back.

I felt the rope around my neck begin to tighten slightly. I moaned through that ring in my mouth and wondered if that was how I was going to die. But that seemed so pointless. Surely he wouldn't bring me to his home just so that he could slowly strangle me with a noose around my neck. He tightened it just enough that I had no movement available to me without hurting myself and making it difficult to breath. As long as I stood absolutely still in this one spot I was fine. The slightest movement, however, was painful.

I heard him walking around me slowly. I don't know why I felt it. It may just have been my imagination. But I felt like there was an aura of complete calm around him. He didn't seem agitated or nervous or excited. He was totally in charge and he gave off a vibe that led me to believe that he was totally relaxed. It was just a feeling, just an impression. I had nothing upon which to base it. But that was how I felt and it made me that much more nervous.

I somehow knew that even if I had been able to speak, to beg, to reason with him, nothing I said would have an effect on him or his actions. He was going to do to me those things that he planned to do to me. Nothing I said or did would make a difference.

My reverie was suddenly interrupted. Without any warning I felt a horrible pain across the backs of my thighs. He had hit me! I had never been struck before in my entire life. Now I felt a burning pain across my thighs and it was more horrible than anything I had ever experienced. It had hurt so much and been so sudden that I hadn't even had time to scream.

But then, I wouldn't have been able to scream anyway. Not so much because of the ring between my teeth. But because when I had felt that sudden pain I had jumped reflexively and now I was struggling to center myself under the rope around my neck again before I suffocated. The pain from the rope was almost as severe as the pain in my legs.

I finally regained my position and through my hysterical sobs I struggled to make a recognizable sound. I begged him wordlessly not to do that again. I shook my head, the only movement that was left to me, and I mumbled a garbled plea. If he had removed that ring I would have promised him anything at that moment if he would just not strike me again.

But I made no promises and I doubt if he would have cared. I heard the next blow coming. I heard a swishing sound of something slicing rapidly through the air and I was struck again, almost in the same spot where the first blow had landed.

I would have shrieked in pain if it was not for that ring in my mouth. Instead I made some garbled noise that came nowhere near representing the pain I was experiencing.

I fought to keep my feet planted under the noose around my neck but no amount of willpower could overcome that sudden, overpowering pain. I was unable to stop my body's involuntary attempts to get away from that pain. So once more I nearly hung myself as I danced underneath that rope and struggled to right myself so that I could breathe.

Once more I struggled to plead with the monster that was beating me. I shook my head as violently as I dared and I made the only sounds that I could. It was all to no avail. He paused once more, no doubt savoring my suffering.

I had only just managed to regain my breath when he struck again. He hit me right across the cheeks of my ass this time. And once again I nearly hung myself as I struggled to avoid the pain.

Each time he waited until I had regained my balance and just about caught my breath before he struck again. He hit me twice more across my ass, once above the first slashing blow and then below. I nearly succeeded in remaining in place with the third painful blow across my ass cheeks.

I was sobbing hysterically now. The tears were streaming down my cheeks, unchecked by the blindfold, and dripping down onto my heaving breasts. I could hear an unrecognizable sound coming from my mouth that was a combination of crying, wordless, mindless begging for mercy and moans of pain.

I received two more vicious blows across my back, one right after the other in rapid succession. Then he paused to let me recover.

I got my feet back under me and gasped for breath. He had whipped me from my thighs to my shoulders and I prayed that he was finished. I was certain that I couldn't take any more. I was terrified that I would faint and strangle while he watched me doing my little death dance on the end of this thick rope around my neck.

But he was far from finished. I heard that swishing sound again and this time the pain erupted on the front of my thighs, just above my knees.

The pain was even worse when he hit me on the front of my thighs. I hurt so much from the whipping that I had almost reached the point that I ignored the pain from the rope around my neck and my inability to breathe when I moved out of position.

He struck me once more on my upper thighs, just below my pussy. And then, as soon as I was back in position he struck me on my lower belly, just above my pubic hair.

I was a hopeless mess by this time. I had drool flowing freely from my open mouth and mixing with the steady stream of tears running out from under the blindfold and down my cheeks, then dripping down onto my breasts. I was struggling to breathe. In part because every time he struck me I nearly hung myself on the rope.

But also because I was crying so hard I couldn't seem to catch my breath. I imagined that the body I took so much pride in must be bruised and battered and quite probably bleeding as well. I was nearly out of my mind with pain and with the terror I was feeling.

It seemed like I had been very much in charge of my life and the people around me ever since I had discovered the difference between girls and boys and how to take advantage of that difference. The feeling of being so utterly helpless now was nearly as unbearable as the pain. Or at least that was what I thought until he struck me across my breasts.

The very concept of striking a woman across her breasts was unimaginable to me. The cane or whip or whatever the hell he was beating me with struck me dead center across both breasts, right across my nipples.

I couldn't even make a noise it hurt so much. I thought that I was going to vomit. I prayed to pass out, even if it meant strangling to death. I could accept that now. I could accept anything but another blow to my sensitive breasts. But twice more he slashed across them with this whip, once above the nipples and once below.

After that final blow I was left dangling from the rope, finally unable to recover. I was semi conscious, aware that I was hanging by my neck and running out of air but too stunned to recover.

He stood in front of me, watching to see if I would die I think. But then I felt him grab a handful of my long blonde hair and pull me back into position.

I gasped for air and struggled to stay on my feet. I wasn't able to stand very well. My legs were shaking and it was by no means certain that I could support myself. On the other hand, I wasn't certain that I wanted to. If this was all that I had to look forward to before he killed me, what was the point? Why not just get it over with?

He moved around behind me once more. I was terrified that the beating was about to continue. He didn't hit me though. He stepped up behind me and whispered in my ear, "I am going to remove that ring from your mouth. If you behave yourself and are quiet I will give you a drink of water. If you attempt to raise your voice I will put it back in place. You may, however, feel free to beg."

I felt the buckle behind my head being released and he gently removed that rubber clad metal ring from my mouth. At first I couldn't even close my jaws. The hinges wouldn't work. My mouth stayed open as I struggled to regain the use of my jaw and I continued to drool all over my chin and down onto my chest for a long moment.

I finally got my mouth closed and swallowed repeatedly. Then I struggled to get my hysterical crying under control. I wanted to plead for my life, for my freedom. But if the only purpose that would serve would be to entertain him, what was the point?

I heard him go into the kitchen and get a glass of water. He returned and I felt a straw placed against my lips. I sucked gratefully and nearly emptied the glass before he took it away.

I heard him set the glass down nearby and I could feel him staring at me again. It had been my intention to keep my mouth shut. But there was one burning question I had to ask.

"Are you going to kill me?" I asked.

My voice was trembling and weak and it bothered me how much I sounded like a helpless victim. But that was what I was.

He answered in that steady whisper, "Probably not."

I can't say that was very reassuring. But I was compelled to ask the question that anyone in my place would wonder about.

"Why? Why are you doing this to me?"

He moved around behind me again and for the first time his fingers touched my flesh. I felt his fingertips move lightly across the place on my back where he had whipped me. I couldn't swear to it but I got the impression that my skin had not been torn and I felt slightly relieved.

He ran his fingers lightly over the two stripes on my back and then he leaned closer and whispered, "To teach you a lesson. To teach you some manners. I'm going to make you a better person. I'm going to make you the slut that you deserve to be."

For some reason I responded in a whisper to match his, "I'm a good person!"

He whispered in reply, "You are a tease. You use men. You use them for your own amusement and you use them to buy you things. You take pleasure in making them look small. No Shannon, you are not a good person."

I was stunned. This was someone who knew me! My brain churned furiously trying to imagine who it might be. It could be an old boy friend, or someone I had rejected. It could be someone I had met in one of the clubs I frequent. It could be one of the men I work with!

As soon as I had that thought I was almost certain that I knew who it was. Paul!

Of all the men I knew he was the only one that had the balls. He was probably the only one that could have lifted me up like I weighed nothing. He was the only one that despised me. And I had gone out of my way to tease him all the more these last three days after he had warned me to leave him alone.

If I had been thinking clearly I might not have let him know that I had figured out who it was. But I obviously wasn't thinking that clearly at the moment. I exclaimed, "Paul! You can't do this to me! I'll have you arrested! Untie me this minute!"

He chuckled in response and then he said, "Dumb fucking blonde! Any fucking woman in the world would know better than to let her kidnapper know that she could identify him. But don't worry, stupid. I'm not a murderer."

I sighed in relief. I realized how stupid I had been as soon as I opened my mouth.

I tried to sound calm then. I said, "Let me go, Paul."

He chuckled again and said, "No, Shannon. If I think you have learned your lesson I may let you go on Tuesday morning. But to be honest, I doubt if you will have learned your lesson by then. You have proven yourself to be exceptionally thick headed. No, I think you are fine right where you are for now."

I heard him walk away. He went over and got something out of the refrigerator. It sounded like he was opening a bottle of beer. He came back over and stood in front of me and sipped his beer for a moment. Then he turned and left.

I was too dumbfounded to speak at first. When I realized that he was going to leave me here I called out, "Paul! Paul, you can't leave me here. Please, Paul. Paul, I'm sorry. I was a bitch. I realize it now. I'm really sorry. Please, Paul, I can't stand here any longer. I'm exhausted. Please, at least let me sit down."

I heard him coming closer again and when he was right in front of me he said, "I'm sorry, Shannon. I know you are probably getting tired. But I'm not through beating you yet. I can't do it all at once, though. You don't get the full effect if I do. There needs to be some recovery time between beatings or you can't really appreciate it."

Oh my god! He was going to whip me again!

I didn't think that I could survive that again. I pleaded with him. "Please, Paul. I can't stand that. I thought I was going to die. I mean it, Paul. I am so very sorry for being a brat. Please, no one has ever hit me before. I can't stand it. I swear I'll be good. Oh please, Paul, please don't beat me anymore."

I felt his hand on my cheek and it startled me. His fingers lightly traced my cheek and my jaw before tilting my head up. I still had that damned blindfold on but I could just imagine the calm, somewhat arrogant look on his face when he said, "Poor Shannon. Sweetheart, I haven't even gotten warmed up yet. That little whipping you got? Hell! That was just an appetizer. That was just to give you something to think about. Your training doesn't even start until tomorrow. And my goal is not to make you be good. My goal is to train you to be the slut you deserve to be. When I am finished training you, Shannon, you won't be a tease any longer. You are going to be a cunt. You will be my cunt until I tire of you. Then I will probably give you to someone else. I won't keep you for long. You are stupid and a stupid cunt is boring."

He turned and started walking away and I called out, "Paul! You can't leave me like this! My legs are getting weak. Please, just let me sit down for a few minutes. I'm begging you."

A moment later I heard the sound of quiet music coming from another room. It sounded like classical music I think. I have never actually had to listen to classical music before, though. So I can't say for sure.

I have no idea how long I stood there rooted to that same spot, unable to move without pulling at the noose around my neck. It seemed like a very long time and I wanted desperately to call out to him, to demand to be set loose, or even to beg once more to be allowed to sit down for just a few minutes. And as time passed, on top of all of my other troubles I realized that I needed to go to the bathroom.

But every time I came close to opening my mouth I remembered the beating and his promise that there was much more to come. I was about to collapse. But I could not bring myself to call his attention to me waiting helplessly for him to do whatever he chose to me.

After a while my mind kind of went blank. I have no idea how much time passed before I was startled back to reality when I heard him speaking right in front of me. He asked, "Do you read, Shannon?"

My mind took a moment to focus. What was he asking? Do I read? Of course I can read! But before I said something else stupid I realized that wasn't what he was asking.

I whispered, "No, Paul."

He was quiet for a second and then he said, "No, of course you don't."

He started to walk away again. I called out, reluctantly, "Paul! Please, I have to pee. I can't hold it much longer."

I heard him stop and then turn and come back. He loosened the rope around my neck from wherever he had it secured. When it went slack I almost fell to the floor. I caught myself and managed to straighten up. But now that it looked like I was going to be allowed to use the bathroom my need was suddenly twice as urgent. I crossed my legs and took shallow breaths and waited anxiously for him to finish releasing me. I had to go so bad that for the moment I wasn't even thinking of escape. All I could think of was going to the bathroom.

Before he released the noose around my neck he placed a leather collar around my neck and fastened a leash to it. Once that was in place he removed the rope and I whispered, "Please, I can't wait much longer!"

Before we took a step I heard the sound of a loud electrical discharge. It startled me and I jumped back. He asked, "Do you know what that is Shannon?"

I didn't, of course. He knew that I didn't.

He answered his own question. "That is a cattle prod. If you make a move or a noise that I do not approve of I will touch the end of that prod to your skin and pull the trigger. Would you like me to demonstrate its power?"

I had almost wet myself from hearing it go off near my face. I had no desire to experience it. I responded, "No. I believe you. Please, I have to hurry."

He slipped the noose from around my neck and guided me with the leash. It was difficult to walk with my hands fastened to my thighs with those heavy leather straps and the blindfold on. But it felt good to be able to move around. I had been standing in that one spot for so long!

Paul stopped me and opened a door in front of us. Then he guided me down a set of steps. I felt grass under my feet and I thought, "What the hell! Does he have an outhouse?!"

Once I was on the grass he guided me with the leash again. We walked about forty or fifty feet and he said, "Okay. Go if you have to."

I whispered, "Where?! We are outside!"

He asked, "Do you have to pee, Shannon."

I exclaimed, "God yes! Please, Paul. I need to use your bathroom!"

He responded, "This is your bathroom, Shannon. Until I am convinced that you can act like a civilized human being this is where you go to the bathroom."

I was crying again. I was more embarrassed now than when he had ripped my clothing off. But I had to go.

I spread my legs as far as I could without losing my balance and carefully squatted down. Because of the way my arms were bound and because of the blindfold I had a great deal of trouble maintaining my balance. I wasn't sure that I would be able to get back up. But with a great deal of difficulty I managed to squat down.

Even though I was more humiliated than I had ever before been in my entire life, as soon as I squatted down the urine began to stream out of me. It splashed loudly into the grass between my feet and I moaned in dismay when I felt it spraying back up onto my feet, ankles and calves.

I didn't even think about wiping myself until I was finished peeing. But that became a moot point when, as I tried to stand back up I fell down. I landed hard on my ass, right in the puddle of piss I had just made in the grass.

I cried out and then swore. Then I sat on my ass in a puddle of piss and cried like a baby, unable to stand because my wrists were secured to my thighs.

Paul had to help me up. He reached under my arms and gently lifted me back to my feet. As soon as I was standing he led me back across the lawn. I could feel the cool evening air on the wet piss that soiled my ass and my legs and feet.

We didn't go back inside through the same door we had come out. Paul guided me onto his patio and led me across it. He ordered me to stand still and suddenly I felt a shower of cold water. I assumed that he must have a pool and that I was standing under an outdoor shower. But that thought came later. My first reaction was to scream in shock as the cold water washed over me, rinsing the urine from my body.

I stood shivering after he turned the water off while he ran a soft towel over me. And still he didn't take advantage of my helplessness and nudity. He dried my breasts, but he did it mechanically. There was no groping. He still made no effort to exploit my vulnerability.

I didn't understand it. I had assumed from the time that I had been taken from outside the office that at the very least I was going to be sexually assaulted. I had been even more certain when he had ripped my clothing off.

But the closest he had come to touching me in a sexual way was to dry my body with a towel. And he had done it so impersonally that I knew that even as he moved the towel over the more sensitive areas of my body, the only purpose was to dry me.

I regretted it as soon as I said it. I knew how it must have sounded. But I quietly asked, "Aren't you going to rape me?"

He finished drying me before he responded. "Do you want me to rape you?"

There was an embarrassing silence before he said, "I'm not a rapist, Shannon. I'm going to fuck you after I break you. But I am not going to rape you."

"You have a very nice body. You are pretty and your body is every bit as sexy as you think it is. Since you enjoy showing it off so much I am going to help you with that. But your mind is a wasteland. You don't turn me on. The only thing that you think about is Shannon. The entire world revolves around Shannon. What can the world do for Shannon? Everyone else in your narrow world is just someone that Shannon can use. I would be very surprised to learn that you had ever, at any time in your selfish existence done anything for another person without expecting something in return."

"No, Shannon. I am not going to rape you. I find you particularly unattractive. You are ignorant. You don't read. You don't have a clue about the world around you and you don't want one. I suppose it isn't entirely your fault. You have been spoiled rotten by your parents and the world at large. The world tends to do that for attractive people. But you bought into it. You have taken the word of the world around you that you deserve special treatment because you are pretty."

"I intend to give you something to think about this weekend. It is unlikely that I can undo nineteen years of conditioning in one weekend. I will probably keep you a little longer than that. But when you leave here you will have had an experience that your spoiled life hasn't prepared you for. Who knows, I might even get through to you. It isn't likely. But I'm a patient man."

"I will use you for a cum dump. But first I have to prepare you. Soon you will be letting any man whose standards are low enough put his cock in you. You will suck the cock of any man who wants you to. You'll bend over at the mere suggestion that some man would like to fuck you. Your days of teasing are over, Shannon."

Do you want to know a secret? In those few minutes, when he told me what he thought of me and what he had planned for me, I learned that after being stripped and beaten, led around on a leash and taken outside to squat in the grass and relieve myself like a dog, in my case at least, you listen.

I'm pretty certain that this was not the first time in my life that someone had told me that I was shallow and self centered. This was the first time I had actually listened. Don't misunderstand. I didn't have a V-8 moment and slap myself on the forehead and say, "Oh yeah! Why didn't I realize that before?!"

But I listened to him. I thought about the way I was going through life. I didn't suddenly turn over a new leaf. But I questioned the way I treated people. I imagine that stripping away the layers of my veneer were in part responsible. But I have to admit that I was shocked that a man would strip me and have me completely in his power and not want to have sex with me. I could tell by the sound of his voice that Paul genuinely found me unattractive. That was unimaginable to me. That, more than anything else, is probably what caused me to question my life and the way that I have been living it.

But his plans for my future, I couldn't see that happening. He might make me obey him before I left here. But once I was out of here and away from his control I was going to see to it that his ass spent the rest of his life in jail!

He led me back inside. After removing the collar and leash he stood me back in place. I bit my lip to keep from crying when he put the noose back around my neck. Once the noose was in place he began to tighten it again so that once again I was unable to move.

As he pulled up on the rope and fastened it to whatever it was he was tying it off to I pleaded with him not to keep me like this. I begged him to at least let me sit down.

He let me plead with him until he had the rope tied off and then he said, "Don't worry, Shannon. I won't leave you like this all night. But it's time for another whipping."

I yelled, "NO! Oh god! Please don't do that again. Paul, I swear to god! I'll do anything. I'll suck your cock. I'll let you fuck me anytime you want. I'll be nice to you. I'll change, I swear I will. Please don't hit me again!"

He chuckled and said, "Shannon, we just talked about this. I don't want to have sex with you. You disgust me."

I heard him swishing that whip through the air again and through my tears I pleaded with him not to hit me again. I knew I couldn't stand that again.

He placed his fingers under my chin and gently lifted my face. He said, "It's for your own good, Shannon. But if you try not to scream too loud I will forego the gag this time. Would you like that?"

I nodded and then quietly said, "Yes Paul. Please don't put that thing in my mouth." Then I sobbed and said, "Oh Jesus, I can't stand this anymore. I don't want to be hurt again."

My pleas had no effect on him. I heard him step back. I heard that vicious instrument of torture slicing through the air and it started again. It struck the back of my thighs again. Just as before, I was unable to stop myself. My body could not stand still while so much pain was being inflicted.

I jumped to get away from the pain and nearly broke my neck as the rope pulled me up short. I screamed loudly and struggled to regain my position directly under the rope around my neck.

He waited patiently for me to recover from the first blow. Just before he struck me again he said, "That was a little loud, Shannon. Try to keep it down just a little bit please."

I wanted to scream at him. Keep it down! He was beating me for Christ's sake! But I didn't want that fucking gag back in my mouth. As unreasonable as his request was though, what really annoyed me was how calm and reasonable he sounded. As if he routinely asked the woman he was beating not to scream quite so loudly!

The whip landed over and over in all of the same places as it had last time. The results were the same too, except that I wasn't quite the drooling idiot I had been the first time. After he struck that last painful blow to my breasts he calmly informed me, "There, only one more beating about an hour from now and it will be bed time."

I cried out, "Oh please, Paul. I can't take this anymore. I can't! You're killing me! I'll do anything if you will please not beat me anymore. I swear it! I'll do anything you want me to do!"

He didn't respond at first. Then, after a long enough pause that I thought he was just ignoring me he asked, "Would you really do anything to avoid a beating?"

I sobbed loudly and I meant every word of it when I said, "Please, Paul. I swear it. I'll do anything you want."

He seemed to be thinking it over. Then he said thoughtfully, "Well, I have a suggestion. I am having some friends over tomorrow afternoon. Since you like to show off so much, how would you like to serve us drinks and snacks? You would have to be naked, of course. If you do a good job I will skip the last beating this evening and put them off tomorrow until after my friends leave. Then we can decide whether or not they need to continue. But if you screw up tomorrow I won't just start back up with the beatings. You will also have to make up the beatings that you have skipped."

I jumped at the offer! "I swear I'll be good! I'll do anything you want, I promise, Paul. I'll be naked and your friends can look at me and touch me and if they don't think that I am too disgusting they can have sex with me. Just please don't beat me anymore."

I despised the whimpering sound of my own whiney voice. But I had meant every word. I would do anything to avoid being whipped again.

Paul removed the rope from around my neck and put the collar back on. He led me away from the place I had been standing all evening and upstairs to his bedroom. He removed the straps around my thighs and wrists and I could move my arms for the first time since he had kidnapped me from our office parking lot. He ordered me to sit on the floor and I felt him fastening a small padlock around my collar. He wrapped my leash around the post at the end of his bed and placed another padlock on it.

He stood up and removed my blindfold. I had been blindfolded for so many hours that at first I couldn't see. I rubbed my eyes and finally managed to focus on him standing in front of me and watching. I looked up at him and when he saw that I was paying attention he said, "That is a very expensive bed. That wood is all hand carved and I want you to be very careful tonight. I don't want you scratching it up with your chain or tomorrow night you'll sleep standing up with that noose around your neck."

I quietly promised to be careful and then I asked, "Can I please have a drink of water?"

He nodded and left the room. I carefully examined the way I was secured to the foot of his bed but it wasn't until he returned that I realized I hadn't been looking to see if I could escape. I had been checking to make sure I could lie down without scratching his bed!

He came back with a bottle of water and I sipped it while I watched him undress and get in bed as if I wasn't there. I couldn't believe the strange thoughts that I was having. I was very impressed by his body. He was exceptionally fit. He looked like he exercised regularly and although he was the oldest of the men in the office I thought that he was probably in the best shape of any of them.

He was also very well hung. He had the largest cock I had ever seen. I wondered what it would look like when it was erect. I wondered what it would feel like inside of me.

But that was just my appraisal of his appearance. That only took a second. What I found so disconcerting was that I realized I was upset that he didn't want to rape me! He had not found me to be rape-worthy! I wasn't even good enough for him to have sex with. It upset me that he had me naked and helpless and he thought I was disgusting. I was feeling very confused.

He didn't turn his light out right away. I heard him reading in bed. It was like I wasn't even here!

He finally turned his light out and went to sleep. I lay there in the dark for a long time listening to his deep, even breathing. I didn't have a pillow or a blanket, but the carpet was plush and I was surprisingly comfortable. I found that I was so grateful to no longer be suspended by that rope around my neck that I didn't even mind sleeping on the floor.
Chapter 2

Home « Vulgus's Page « A Teaser Taught a Lesson Index « Previous - Settings
Chapter 2
Posted: August 14, 2008 - 12:00:00 am
Updated: March 30, 2009 - 12:45:03 pm
﻿

In the morning I awoke slightly confused. At first I didn't know where I was or what I was doing there. Paul was leaning over me and unlocking the chain that went around the foot of his bed.

He helped me up and took me back downstairs and through his house to the backyard so that I could go to the bathroom in the grass again. As I walked past the living room I saw the noose that had been around my neck for so long. It was hanging down from a ring in the doorway between the kitchen and the living room. I shuddered as I remembered all the time I had spent with that thing around my neck last night.

Squatting down at the end of a leash to urinate in front of him was just as degrading as it had been last night. In a way it may have been even more degrading, because I wasn't blindfolded this time. I hadn't realized that a blindfold was something that you could hide behind!

It was easier without the blindfold and with my arms free. I managed to avoid getting it all over myself this time. But when I looked up and saw the look of total disinterest in his eyes it made me feel so low. He might just as well have been walking a dog!

He led me back inside after I finished. We went to his master bath and he removed my collar and put me in the large walk-in shower. He showered and then he bathed me like he would a pet. His hands moved all over my body but I was watching and he never once started to get an erection.

I mean, I know he was mad at me. But I'm a damned good looking woman! Did he really hate me so much that he couldn't get an erection from looking at me and touching me?

After we dried off he put my collar and leash back on and gave me a toothbrush and a hairbrush. He told me to make myself presentable. He brushed his teeth in the other sink and went out of the room. Before he left he ordered me to come to the kitchen when I was finished.

I brushed my teeth and my hair and looked at myself in the mirror for a long moment. I wondered what he really saw when he looked at me. Could I really be that unattractive to him?

I stepped back and looked at the leather collar and the leash. I hated myself for thinking it. But I really thought I looked sexy!

As I looked at myself I suddenly remembered what I had promised to do to avoid being beaten again. I was going to be a nude serving girl. I had even offered to have sex with his friends without Paul having to demand it of me! Could a man have that drastic an effect on me in one evening?!

I had to stop thinking about this. It was making me crazy.

I went out and down the hall to the kitchen. The doors to the rooms lining the upstairs hallway were all open and it seemed like the walls of every room I passed were lined with bookcases full of books from ceiling to floor. He did love his books.

Paul was wearing swimming trunks and a t-shirt. He was just starting breakfast but coffee was ready. He poured me a cup and I stood in the kitchen and watched him while I sipped my coffee.

I asked if he wanted me to make breakfast and he asked skeptically, "Can you cook?"

I blushed and admitted, "Not very well. I can scramble eggs."

He just ignored me after that while I watched him make a couple of crazy good omelets. I mean it. That was the best breakfast I have ever eaten! The bacon was perfect and the omelet was cheesy and melted in my mouth.

He read the morning paper while he ate and sipped his coffee. It wasn't even like he was ignoring me. It was like he was alone in the room. It was like I wasn't worth bothering with. As strange as it sounds, I didn't like him, I was afraid of him, but it bothered me that he dismissed me that way.

I got up after I finished my omelet and poured us another cup of coffee. He never even looked at me. He didn't seem concerned that I might escape. But what was even stranger was that I wasn't trying to escape. I had looked at the front door in the foyer when I came by it on the way to the kitchen. The door was open and the storm door did not appear to be locked. Yet I didn't even think about escaping!

I took my coffee into the kitchen while he read the paper. I cleaned up the stove and put the dishes in the dishwasher. There wasn't much to clean up. He had cleaned up behind himself as he cooked. He was a very neat man, the house was immaculate.

I waited for him to finish his coffee and I put the cup in the dishwasher. There were a few dishes in there from last night and I asked him if he wanted me to start the washer or wait until there were more dishes. He got up and started it without even bothering to answer me. Then he said, "Come on. It's time for my morning swim. You look like you could use some exercise."

I followed him out to his backyard. He unfastened the collar and then turned and headed for the pool. As he walked away from me I said in a petulant voice, "I'm not ugly! I'm not ugly and I'm not disgusting!"

He turned to look at me. Then he shook his head, plainly of the opinion that he was dealing with an idiot. He started to ignore me and walk to the pool. But he stopped and turned back. He looked at me steadily, a look I found very disconcerting. He finally responded, "I said that you were pretty and that you had a nice body. But that is the outside. That was an accident of nature. You are not responsible for that."

"What is ugly is what you have chosen to do with what you have. You seem to have a brain. You aren't stupid. But you go out of your way to avoid learning anything. The only pleasure in your life, the only thing you do for fun and the only thing that you take pride in is using your looks to tease men and con them into buying you things."

"You don't love anyone but yourself. You don't know a thing about politics or the world around you and you seem unconcerned by its rapid deterioration. I doubt if you could recite the names of a dozen countries. And I know that you couldn't name the leader of any other country in the world. I'm not sure you could tell me who the president of this country is. But then, I try not to think about who our president is either. He is a bigger moron that you are! You aren't related are you? Is your last name Bush?"

"No, Shannon. You aren't ugly. But you are a very shallow person. You are also cruel and vindictive. I asked you to leave me the hell alone and you went out of your way for days to attempt to torment me with your cute little ass. You did it in such as way as to try to make me look foolish. So now I am making it my duty to do what your parents should have done and teach you some manners. Who knows, with a little effort I might even make a decent person out of you. I doubt it. But you certainly have the potential."

"As I mentioned earlier though, I'm going to do more than that. I'm going to make you my little sex toy, my slut. I'm going to play with you for a while to make up for all of time you have spent playing with the men and boys around you. Now get your ass in the pool and start swimming. You are soft and weak and you need to start exercising."

He turned and dove into the pool and started gracefully swimming laps. I watched for a few minutes, amazed at how smoothly and effortlessly he seemed to cut through the water. He swam so effortlessly that I was reminded of a dolphin.

I finally dove in. I knew that I couldn't match his power or speed but I was a reasonably good swimmer and I thought I could hold my own for a little while.

Not even close! By the time I had completed two laps he was passing me. A lap and a half later he passed me again. I never finished lap five. I was exhausted.

I had learned one thing though. I really enjoyed skinny dipping. It felt so free to have that water moving gently over those areas of my body that were normally covered by my suit. No, more than free, it felt very stimulating.

I came to a stop about half way through my fifth lap and hung onto the side of the pool, panting. I watched him as he continued to swim lap after lap, still with obvious ease. No wonder he was in such good physical condition. I had never realized before what strenuous exercise swimming was. And he made it look easy.

He made his last turn and turned over onto his back and started floating across the pool lazily, cooling off and catching his breath. Then he got out of the pool and rinsed off, ignoring me once more.

He dried off and went inside. I stood there wondering if I was supposed to follow. I never even thought of trying to get away until he returned with his book and stretched out on a lounge chair.

I got out and rinsed the chlorine off and then sat down near him to dry off in the sun. As I sat there I watched him read. I could not remember ever reading a book for pleasure in my entire life. That had never bothered me before. But for some reason I felt guilty now when I realized it. Maybe he was right about me, about a lot of things.

I waited until he was turning the page of his book so that I wouldn't interrupt and I asked, "What if I wanted to read, to start reading for pleasure?"

He looked up at me as if I were a moron. Finally he responded, "Don't you read anything?"

I shook my head.

He stared at me for a moment and then he asked, "What is your favorite movie?"

I had to think about that for a moment. I named a couple that I had seen recently and enjoyed.

He sat up and said, "Those are both science fiction movies. You enjoy science fiction?"

I shrugged. I guess I did. I never thought much about it before.

He put his book down and went inside. He came back out in a couple of minutes carrying a book and a bottle of sun block. He tossed me the sun block and said, "Put this on my back and legs. Then wash your hands and see what you think of this book. It's called Dune. I used to read some science fiction and this was one of my favorites. There are a number of sequels to it, but they get weirder and weirder."

He put the book down and I stood over him and began oiling his back. As I massaged the oil into his skin I couldn't help but notice how firm and muscular his body felt under my hands. He wasn't soft like the few young men that I had been intimate with. I took my time and was more than a little surprised to discover that it was a pleasurable thing to do. In the past, if I was at the beach with a guy, I would let him oil me up, just so that I could drive him crazy. But I had never returned the favor.

I finished oiling up all of the exposed skin above his trunks and then I moved down and did his legs. I was embarrassed to realize that I was becoming aroused! But I began to realize as I moved my hands over his strong, well defined legs, that although he did have a very nice, very sexy body, the thing that was getting to me was that he was the only man that I had ever met that didn't fall all over himself to touch me, to look at me, and make every attempt to have sex with me. It was driving me crazy that he apparently had no desire for me at all.

I found myself wondering what it would be like to have sex with him. I remembered the way his cock had looked when he went to bed last night and I had first seen it. It was very impressive. I wondered what it would be like to suck that large tube of flesh and get it nice and hard and then have this big, strong man over me, taking me, fucking me.

I finally finished and I forced myself to stop thinking those strange, sexual thoughts. I stood up and applied the oil to my own exposed skin, especially those blindingly white areas that had always been covered by my bikini. I went over to the pool shower and rinsed my hands off and dried them on a towel.

I returned to my seat and started reading the book he had brought out for me. I had mixed emotions about this. I was curious about the book. But I had to be honest. The main reason that I was reading it was because I hated that he had such a low opinion of me.

I was put off when the first dozen or so pages were a dictionary of some fictional language. The next half dozen pages were confusing. The story was a little hard to follow. I really had to concentrate to figure out what was going on. But as the boy who was apparently the main character of the book, Paul, was introduced I found myself getting drawn into the story and I didn't even notice it at first.

I was startled when I became aware that Paul was watching me. I looked up and he saw that I had become engrossed in the book and hadn't even noticed how much time had passed. I glanced down and saw that I had read more than thirty pages. What was really astounding was that I was reluctant to put the book down.

When I looked up he said, "It is time to get ready for my friends. They are coming over to watch a game on television. You are going to serve drinks and snacks and perform any other services they might request."

I don't know which of us was more shocked when I asked, "Don't you think you should find out first if I am any good?"

He never even changed his expression. He just looked into my eyes and asked, "Are you really that easy to break?"

I was embarrassed to think that he might be right. I couldn't explain the things that I was thinking and feeling. I answered by shrugging and then saying, "I wouldn't have thought so. But I passed by your front door this morning on the way to breakfast and there was nothing to stop me from running outside and screaming for help. I remember looking at the door as I passed and seeing that it was open. It never occurred to me to leave. And I have no idea how long we have been out here in your back yard, but it just occurred to me that I have yet to look over to see if your back gate is locked."

I paused for what seemed like a very long time. I looked down. I couldn't look him in the eyes when I finally added, "And it makes me furious that you haven't raped me."

I didn't tell him that I had never had a man tell me that he was wasn't attracted to me before, that he thought that I was ugly. I have never had a man tell me that he didn't want me, want to have sex with me. And he apparently meant every word of it!

He didn't respond for a very long time. He sat and stared at me, at my face, not my naked body. Finally he asked, "Are you any good at sucking cock? You strike me as being much too fond of yourself to be a good cocksucker. You are one of those girls that think that a nasty thing like that is beneath your dignity."

He was right. I mean, I had put my lips around my boyfriend's cocks from time to time. But I didn't like doing it and I never did it for long. I certainly never did it to completion.

He saw in my face that he was right. A wry smile appeared on his face but he didn't say anything, not at first. He stood up and said, "I thought so. Come on. Get your book and let's go inside and take a shower."

Why was he making this so damned hard for me?!

He picked up his book and started inside. As he walked away he casually said over his shoulder, "The gate isn't locked. And in case you are interested, my next door neighbor is a cop."

Was he daring me to have him arrested? Or was he just clarifying my status here? There was nothing to stop me from running through that gate and getting help. If I didn't, I was submitting to him. I would no longer be a victim, held against my will. I would be giving myself to him to use as he wished.

I watched him walk away and I felt his disdain for me. It made me furious. I didn't know what to do. He had given me a choice. I could leave, or I could submit. Why did he think that I would submit?! More to the point, why was I even thinking about it?! Did I actually want to be this man's sex slave?!

He has kidnapped me, tied me up, beaten me. He has treated me like the proverbial turd in the punch bowl. Why would I want to do anything to please him? And why, after he as much as showed me the door, was I now following him into his house so that he could abuse me further?

I didn't know if I was more furious with him or with myself!

I followed him back to his bedroom and placed my book on a small table. I looked down at it. Of all the changes he was putting me through I think that this was the most remarkable. I was reading a book! I was engrossed in it! I couldn't wait to get back to it!

I turned to find Paul watching me with an amused look on his face. I blushed when I saw him watching me.

He said, "Maybe we are both learning things about you that we didn't realize."

I didn't think that I had learned much. I was so damned confused I didn't know what to think. I didn't know what to think about me, or him, or us.

He interrupted my confused and meandering mind. "Get your ass over here, cunt! Remove my trunks."

Cunt! God I hated that word! I looked at his face and I knew that he had said it just to piss me off. He was daring me to say something. Instead, I took a couple of steps and knelt at his feet and carefully pulled his trunks down.

His large cock was only a foot from my face and I couldn't believe how much I wanted to touch it, to feel it in my hands, to kiss it, to please it. I had never felt that desire with another man. Yet here, with this cruel man who was more than twice my age, I wanted him to make me suck his cock. I didn't want to volunteer and I didn't want him to ask me. I wanted to be made to do it.

He looked down at me as I knelt with his soft cock so near my face. He still had that amused look on his face that was so infuriating. He let me look at him for a moment and then he asked, "Is that what you want, slut? Do you want to suck my sweaty cock? I've been out there in the hot sun and I'm all hot and sweaty. And I haven't fucked a girl's mouth in a long time. My balls are full to overflowing. Do you think you can handle my cock, you dumb cunt?"

I was actually pretty sure that I could not. But I hadn't the nerve to admit it.

He reached down and lifted his soft cock and ran the head of it all around my face. While he was doing that he said, "I guess you are right. I should probably go ahead and see how bad you suck at sucking before I let my friends have you. Let's see how much you are going to embarrass me. Open your mouth."

I opened my mouth and watched nervously as the head of his large cock approached my lips. On those few occasions that I had taken a man's cock into my mouth in the past, it had always been hard and throbbing and usually oozing lubricant and looked nasty.

This was a very different experience. Paul's cock was only now beginning to harden. It was as if he honestly didn't want to put his cock in me. But the biggest difference was the size. His cock was about six inches long when it was soft. But it was nearly three times as big around as the next largest cock I had ever seen.

As I began to take it into my mouth and caress it with my tongue it started growing longer. By the time it had finished growing I had really mixed emotions about it. It had grown to a length of about eight inches. It didn't appear to grow in circumference. It didn't need to.

He didn't try to force it down my throat or force more of it into my mouth than I could handle. He just stood over me watching. For the life of me I have no idea why I felt the desperate need to please him that I did. And I don't understand why sucking the cock of someone under these circumstances was so exciting. But it was.

I struggled to take as much of his impressive manhood into my mouth as I could. I had never tried so hard to please a man with my mouth before. I only just barely managed to get half of his cock into my mouth. I used my hand to stimulate the rest.

His cock felt different in my hand than the other cocks I had held. It was so fat that my hand couldn't close around it. But the cocks I had experienced in the past had all been much skinnier and had felt bony. I know. There is no bone in there. But when skinny cocks get hard they feel like that. His was different and I liked it. I liked the difference.

I did the best that I could do and as I worked at his cock I found that, unlike every other time in the past, I wanted him to cum in my mouth. That was my goal. I wanted to do it for him. I wanted to prove that I could. And the harder I tried the more imperative it was that I please him.

I knew when he got close. His eyes closed. His breathing changed. Becoming more labored. His hand began to lightly caress my hair. That caress sent shivers through me!

I quickened my pace and I heard him gasp and suddenly my mouth was flooded with the hot gooey cum that I had been working so hard for.

Even though I was expecting it, it was what I was striving for, I was so startled at first that I almost pulled my head away. I controlled that urge and my mouth began to fill rapidly with his cum.

I was surprised. I was surprised because there was so much of it. It seemed like twice the normal amount that I was used to seeing in the condoms of my previous lovers. But I was even more surprised by the mild taste. I had never tasted cum before. But I had been led to believe that it was a bitter, bleachy tasting liquid that was totally disgusting. It wasn't! It was mild, very mild. In fact there was almost no taste at all!

Between the mild taste and the excitement I felt at having pleased him, I was incredibly turned on by what I had just done. I held his cum in my mouth for a moment after he gently removed his cock from my mouth. I savored the taste, letting it coat my mouth and stirring it with my tongue. I held it in my mouth for a long time before I finally swallowed it easily.

He watched me swallow and then he said, "Don't let it go to your head, but that wasn't anywhere near as bad as I expected."

I whispered, "Me either. I've never done it before."

He looked at me curiously and then he asked, "You've never sucked a cock before?"

I couldn't believe that I was having this conversation. I blushed and answered, "Not all the way. I've never let anyone cum in my mouth before."

He chuckled and said, "By the time this day is over you'll be a pro."

He ordered me into the bathroom and we took another shower. This time I wasn't so careful to avoid touching him in a way that might arouse him. I washed him thoroughly and as I did I realized that this time I was kind of hoping for a reaction. I was still curious about how it would feel to have that large organ inside of me.

After I had thoroughly washed Paul, he returned the favor. But this time was different. This time wasn't so perfunctory. He moved his large hands over me and this time he was trying to turn me on just like I had him. It worked.

By the time he had determined that we were done showering, I was getting weak in the knees. He had already washed my back and I was leaning back against his chest while his hands moved over my breasts and down my stomach, spreading that slick body wash and working his hands down between my legs.

I still can't explain why I was letting this man get to me like this. I felt his large cock begin to come to life as it rested against my back and by the time his hands were cupping my sex I was as turned on as I had been a few minutes earlier when I had sucked a cock to completion for the first time.

It was at that point that he turned the water off and I turned and looked down to see that his cock was growing and was about half hard. As I dried off I found that I was even more anxious than ever to be taken by this man. And I cannot explain why!

He was more than twice my age. He had kidnapped me and beaten me. He treated me with complete disdain. I didn't like him and the feeling was mutual. Why on earth did I want him so?!

Could it be because he was going to take my fantasies to the next level? Could it be that I felt this way because for the first time in my life I wasn't in charge of a relationship, if this could be called a relationship?

Did I really want to be sexually humiliated and abused? Did that really turn me on? The more time I spent with Paul the more confused I became.

I stood nearby while Paul dressed in a pair of shorts and a t-shirt. Then I followed him down to the kitchen. I helped him prepare the snacks and get the living room set up for his friends. Other than to give me instructions on preparing snacks, he hadn't said a word to me since I had sucked his cock.

After the snacks were ready he asked me if I had to go to the bathroom. I didn't so he ordered me to go to the noose hanging down in the doorway and put it over my head.

I almost pleaded with him not to make me do that. But I saw the look in his eye and I knew it would be a waste of my breath. I moved over to the noose, slipped it over my head and tightened it around my neck. He didn't take up the slack in the rope. He just left me standing there for a few minutes. Then he got a beer out of the refrigerator and stood in front of me.

He looked me over and said, "My friends should be here soon. If you do something that upsets me while they are here you will be beaten again. If you do not do something that they ask of you, you will be beaten again. But you aren't going to upset me. Are you Shannon?"

I blushed and replied, "No sir."

He smiled and said, "That's a good girl. If you do a very good job this afternoon, maybe I'll let you sleep in the bed tonight. Would you like that, Shannon? Would you like to come and be with me tonight? Would you like to have a nice long fuck and then sleep in a comfortable bed?"

It really pissed me off. But I had to struggle to avoid sounding too anxious! I quietly responded, "Yes sir."

He stared at me for a long moment and then he asked, "You're going to enjoy this, aren't you? You are excited about being naked in front of a group of men and being told what to do."

I didn't want to admit it. But before I could answer he had worked two of his large fingers inside of my very wet pussy and it was impossible to deny. I finally hissed, "Yessssss!"

He offered his fingers to me for cleaning and I tasted my own juices for the first time. There was almost no taste at all but the idea of sucking my juices from his fingers was a huge turn on.

He wiped his fingers dry on my cheeks and then he went into the living room and sat down. He turned on the television, watched the news and sipped his beer until the doorbell rang.

It was starting!

I felt the fear and excitement rushing through my body. I may not be that smart, but I was smart enough to realize that the fear was a large part of the excitement.

Paul got up and answered the door. I turned to face the living room and I watched Paul and a stranger come into the room a moment later. They were talking casually. It was obvious from the stranger's face when he spotted me that he wasn't aware that I was going to be a large part of the entertainment this afternoon.

Paul's friend came to a sudden stop and stared at me with his mouth open. Paul grinned and said, "I'll explain the young cunt when everyone gets here. I don't want to have to keep repeating myself over and over."

Then he added, "Go ahead, Brian. Check her out if you want."

Brian was a tall skinny man. He was about the same age as Paul. He wasn't bad looking. I was blushing like crazy as he stared at my naked body. But I was also aware of how turned on I was by being so vulnerable, and so exposed, to a perfect stranger.

Brian came closer and stood in front of me. He was staring at me, but it was to Paul that he directed his question. "Can I touch her?"

Paul laughed and said, "You can do a hell of a lot more than touch her."

Brian lifted his eyebrow skeptically. He reached out to touch my breast but just before he touched me he asked, "Are you okay with this?"

I smiled nervously and answered, "I do what I'm told, sir. You don't need my permission."

His hand came to rest on my breast then and he gently squeezed it before teasing my nipple and watching it get even harder. As he toyed with my breast he asked, "What's your name ... how old are you?"

I replied, "I'm Shannon. I'm nineteen."

He stared in disbelief and then blurted out, "My youngest daughter is twenty-four! What the hell... ?!"

But he didn't stop exploring my body. He was just beginning to probe my soaking wet pussy when the doorbell rang again.

Paul went to answer it and when he returned with two more strange men Brian's finger was probing deep inside of me. I was getting really turned on. But I wasn't so excited that I failed to notice the looks on the faces of the newcomers.

Brian glanced back and absently greeted his two friends. "Hey Jerry, Tony, you guys gotta see this!"

Brian stepped back and the two recent arrivals stared in awe at my naked body, held in place by a hangman's noose around my neck and a large finger in my pussy.

They looked at Paul. He smiled and said, "I'll explain everything in a minute. Wait until Jim gets here."

Paul and Brian sat down in the living room and Jerry and Tony came over and examined me more closely. They didn't say anything. They didn't ask me anything. They didn't touch me. They just walked around me slowly and looked me over closely.

Tony was big like Paul, though he obviously wasn't in as good a shape. He had a bit of a spare tire. He wasn't fat. He looked like someone who had worked out regularly and then stopped and gotten soft.

Jerry was just about as average as a man could get. He was average height, average weight, brown hair and green eyes. There was nothing remarkable about him. All four men were about the same age, around fifty, give or take a few years.

Jerry and Tony went back into the living room and they sat, trying to pump Paul for more information about me. He insisted that they wait a few more minutes until Jim arrived.

There was a knock at the door a few minutes later but Jim didn't wait to be admitted. He came in calling out, "Sorry I'm late. I had to drive my daughter to the mall."

As soon as I heard his voice I wanted to crawl away and hide. I knew Jim!

He came into the living room and started to greet his friends when he saw me. His head whipped around and he exclaimed, "Shannon! What the fuck!"

Paul laughed loudly and invited Jim to take a seat. Then he ordered me to remove the noose from around my throat and get all four men a cold beer.

I almost didn't hear him. I was staring in shock at Jim. My father played golf with him nearly every weekend. He and his family were at my parent's house at least once a week or they were at his. I had grown up calling him Uncle Jim. Our families had taken a lot of summer vacations together. I had even dated his oldest son a couple of times. We stopped dating because both of us thought that it seemed too much like dating someone in the family.

He may have been in shock, but his eyes scanned my body carefully. I watched him as he looked me over and I saw the grin begin to grow. I thought of all the times as I was growing up that I had teased him. I never thought it would come to this. But then, he obviously hadn't expected it either.

It took a minute for me to remember what I was supposed to do. I slipped the noose from around my neck and hurried to the kitchen. I stood in front of the refrigerator and forced myself to calm down. I was stark fucking naked in front of five men! That was embarrassing enough. But one of them was a man who I had known since I was a little girl!

I opened the refrigerator and pulled out five beers and set them on the counter. I looked around for a tray but I didn't see one. So I took a deep breath and put three of those ice cold bottles between my arm and my body, grabbed the last two and carried them back into the living room.

All five men watched me as I went around the room and handed out the beer. Each time I got close to one of them they touched some part of me before they took their beer from me.

Jim reached out and pulled me closer. He worked his finger inside of my embarrassingly wet pussy and grinned. Then he pulled his finger out and held it up for all to see. He said, "I guess I don't have to ask you why you are doing this. I shouldn't be surprised after the way you have teased me over the years. I always figured you'd turn out to be a slut. I just never figured I'd get a chance to take advantage of it."

Then he turned to Paul and asked, "You are going to let us take advantage of it aren't you? I'd hate to think you would parade her around like this and then keep her to yourself."

Paul smiled and replied, "I already told her that one of her jobs this afternoon would be to provide you guys with any relief you might desire."

I finally turned and gave Paul the last of the beers. He took it from me and said, "I didn't know that you and the cunt knew each other."

Jim told him about how he had watched me grow up and how much I had teased him over the years. Then he asked Paul how he had come into possession of me.

Paul told him and the others all about his experience with me at work. He then described how he had taken me from the parking lot at work and brought me home and how easily he had broken me.

As Paul described what he had done, Jim pulled me into his lap and began to explore my body. I listened to Paul's description of the events and the "mild whippings" he had given me. The others were amused and obviously aroused. But none of them were as amused as Jim.

Paul described how I had sucked his cock a little earlier and explained that he hadn't fucked me yet because he wasn't ready to give me any pleasure. But his four friends were all welcome to use me if they wished.

As soon as he said that, Jim pushed me out of his lap and said, "That's all I need to hear."

He stood up and pushed me to my knees. I watched him unfasten his pants right in front of my face. As I knelt in front of him and watched him pull his cock out I thought, "Surely he isn't going to make me do this here! Not right here in front of all these other men!"

Silly me. Of course he was! He sat back down and spread his legs and crooked his finger at me.

I looked at the leer on his face and then at his hard cock sticking straight up in the air. I glanced around at the other four men. They were all watching me. I couldn't believe I was going to do this!

I was also having trouble believing how turned on I was. I had never felt so humiliated, so degraded in my life. Yet my whole body tingled with desire as I moved between Jim's legs, reached out and placed my hand around his hard cock. I may have been humiliated. But I had to admit to myself that I'd never been so excited either.

I leaned down and took Jim's seven inch cock into my mouth and started sucking. His entire body trembled as I took his hard cock between my soft lips and worked my tongue over it.

He sighed loudly and everyone knew how much he enjoyed this long delayed pleasure. I looked up at him as I worked my lips down over his cock. He was staring back at me. The lust I saw on his face just added to my own. I needed someone to fuck me. I needed a cock inside of me more than I ever had before.

I heard myself moaning and groaning as I worked eagerly, anxious to suck the cum out of Jim's cock and taste it in my mouth, anxious to swallow it and show him what a slut I could be.

I felt one of the other men behind me as I sucked Jim's cock. A hand came to rest on my hot, dripping wet pussy. It roughly massaged my sensitive flesh and I lost control. My head came up off of Jim's cock and I cried out as my first orgasm of the afternoon washed over me.

The men watched me cum. Then Jim pulled my face back down onto his cock. As soon as I started sucking him again the man behind me forced my legs farther apart and I felt a hard cock slipping into me.

I tried to lift my head and scream in ecstasy but Jim held my head in place. I couldn't hold back the scream though. I screamed around his cock and sucked it like the slut that I had just become.

I quickly built up to another orgasm and I came before either of the men. And again I screamed in pleasure. I was no longer a world class tease. I was now a first class slut and I loved it!

In the middle of my screaming orgasm I felt Jim's cock throbbing and my mouth filled with his hot cum. I gulped it down like it was the nectar of the gods. It was terrible. It was bitter and bleachy and just as bad as I had always heard that it was. And I loved it!

I swallowed every drop and tried to suck more of it out of the end of his cock while the man behind me slammed his cock into me as hard as he could. The sound of his flesh slapping mine filled the room for several more minutes until he tensed up and slammed into me two or three more times and began to shoot his cum into my unprotected pussy.

This was the first time since I had become sexually active that I had allowed a man to fuck me without a condom. I was slightly disappointed that I couldn't actually feel his cum inside of me. But just knowing that it was there sent me over the edge and I had my third orgasm of the afternoon. It was also the first time I had an orgasm from getting fucked. My pussy clamped down on that hard cock inside of me as if it had a mind of its own. And it really didn't want to let go.

I heard him swearing under his breath as he knelt behind me. I finally released Jim's cock and after kissing it I turned my head to see who had just fucked me. It was Brian. Not that it mattered. I was just curious.

As soon as Brian pulled his cock out of me I got up and started to go to the bathroom and clean up.

Tony asked me, "Where are you going?"

I told him and he said, "Fuck that! Get back down on your hands and knees, bitch. I like a fresh fucked cunt."

I shrugged and got back down on my hands and knees. Tony stood up and quickly undressed. When I saw his cock I was glad he had stopped me. It wasn't unusually long. It was probably between six and seven inches. But it was even bigger around than Paul's cock was!

I wasn't the only one that noticed. His friends warned him not to fuck me up before they had a chance to fuck me.

He laughed and replied, "Don't worry guys. These things close right back to normal when you are through with them. You are all old enough to know that."

Jerry laughed and said, "They close up after getting fucked with a normal cock. We aren't so sure about that thing you got between your legs instead of a cock."

I heard the jokes but I wasn't really listening. I was waiting impatiently for him to put that beautiful thing inside of me. It seemed like the more sex I had the more I wanted. I was like a bitch in heat. I wanted to be fucked and if he didn't hurry up I was going to degrade myself even more by begging him to hurry up and put that thing in me.

Fortunately, he was as anxious as I was. As soon as his pants were off he moved around behind me and began working that monster into my more than willing body. I groaned loudly as he penetrated me. There was no cock in my mouth and I was free to make all of those spontaneous sounds of pleasure that I hadn't been able to express during my first fuck of the afternoon.

And I did! I screamed in pleasure as he entered me. I had never felt anything like it. I closed my eyes and my whole consciousness was centered on the hard cock that was penetrating me. I felt myself stretching wider and wider to accommodate him and it was the most exciting, lust inspiring feeling I could ever imagine. I didn't even care now that four men were watching me do the most intimate thing that a woman could do.

No, that isn't true. I did care. I could feel them watching me get fucked. I could see myself in my mind's eye. I could imagine the lust on my face and I could picture my breasts bouncing obscenely as Tony began to fuck me violently. I knew what I must look like to the men watching and how excited they must be as they watched and that knowledge doubled the lust I was feeling.

I quickly began to pant loudly and moan with pleasure. I felt his pelvis slamming into me and I felt his large balls at the end of each violent stroke when they swung between my thighs and gently slapped against my mound. His balls were actually stimulating my clit and long before Tony was ready I started cumming loudly again. I screamed almost as loudly as I had when Paul had whipped me last night. My pussy clamped down on Tony's cock and tried to posses it. And I had one heart stopping orgasm after another.

I came almost continuously until Tony finally called out, "You fucking bitch! Jesus Christ! Her cunt is so fucking hot ... so fucking tight! Here it comes, bitch!"

He slammed into me one last time and I shuddered with pleasure as he filled me with his hot cum.

As soon as he was finished he pulled his cock free. He knelt behind me, catching his breath and I was suddenly aware of the silence in the room. I felt the absence of his cock in my pussy and the tightness in my belly from being tensed up in orgasm for so long. I was breathing as hard as Tony was. I had no idea how many times I had just reached orgasm. But I was certain that it was a world record.

I leaned down and rested my head on my arms for a moment and I felt the cool room air on my exposed pussy. I also felt the cum from two men seeping out of me and oozing down my thighs.

I had never been so sexually satisfied in my life. And we had just started! God! I love being a slut! I had to go to the bathroom now. If I didn't clean myself up I was going to stain the carpet. But before I left the room I went over to Paul and put my arms around his neck. I squeezed him hard and whispered, "Thank you."

I hurried from the room and made it to the toilet just in time. I sat there and waited for more cum to drain out of me but apparently most of it was already dripping down my legs. I cleaned myself up and rinsed out my mouth.

Before I went back out to the living room I looked at myself for a long time in the bathroom mirror. I looked different somehow. I couldn't identify the difference. But something was different. I wasn't a tease anymore. I was a slut now. I was Paul's slut. But that wasn't something I could see in the mirror, was it? I shivered with excitement as that thought struck me. I was probably the first woman in history that was glad to have been kidnapped!

I went back out to the living room and stood in front of Jerry. I smiled down at him and asked if there was anything that he would like me to do for him. He stood up and as he unfastened his pants he replied, "My wife hates to suck cock. I haven't had a good blowjob since I was in college. Why don't we start there?"

I smiled and dropped to my knees. I helped him out of his shoes and his pants. As soon as he sat back down I spread his legs apart and worked my way between them. I leaned forward and teased his nice, hard cock with the nipple on my left breast for a moment. I enjoyed watching his cock throbbing as I lightly caressed it with my tit.

Each time his cock throbbed a little more of that clear liquid oozed out of it. I felt it coating my nipple and I leaned back and lifted my nipple to my mouth and sucked it clean while I stared him right in the face.

He looked like he was going to cum before I could take him into my mouth. He was dark red and he was already breathing hard. I saw his lust and it only fed my own. I smiled at him and then I leaned down and kissed the head of his cock. I licked my lips clean and then I licked the head of his cock clean. His head fell back against the couch cushion and he groaned as I took his cock into my mouth.

He didn't even last a minute! He suddenly clasped my head in his hands and thrust his hips up off of the couch and filled my mouth with another hot load of slimy cum. I swallowed it eagerly. Jerry's cum was not as bitter as Jim's had been, but it was still much more bitter than Paul's. It didn't matter though. I swallowed it all and I held his cock in my mouth, waiting for it to go soft.

It didn't though. Jerry's cock stayed hard and after he caught his breath I started sucking again. He gasped, "Oh yeah! That's a good slut! Suck that thing!"

I moaned in pleasure and sucked him eagerly. While I worked on his cock I heard Paul stand up and get undressed behind me. My excitement grew when I realized that he was going to fuck me at last.

I felt him kneel behind me and as he moved into position I lifted my head and said, "Oh yes! Fuck me! Put your beautiful cock in my cunt and fuck me!"

I had more to say. But Jerry couldn't wait and he pulled me back down onto his cock. Once more I had two cocks inside of me at the same time. Damn that's exciting! I was fucking and sucking five men who were all more than twice my age and it was the best sex I had ever had! Every woman should experience this!

The orgy went on all afternoon. The television was on and the game was playing in the background. But no one was watching it. Everyone was watching me, when they weren't actually having sex with me. I didn't keep track of who did what to me or how often. But there was hardly a time that afternoon when someone wasn't doing something to me, or making me do something to them. By the time it was over I was exhausted. But I wasn't ready for it to end.

They weren't either. I was put to work helping each of the men take a shower. After they were all cleaned up and dressed, Brian had to leave. The others decided to go out for a beer. I was a little disappointed. I wanted the party to continue.

Well, the party was going to continue. My love of exhibitionism was about to be tested, taken to new limits.

After everyone else had dressed, Paul took me into the bedroom and gave me one of his t-shirts. I put it on and stood waiting for him to give me something else to wear. He looked at me and ordered me to turn around.

The t-shirt was nearly as long as some of my dresses, but not quite. It only just barely came down below my ass. But it was long enough to satisfy Paul. He smiled and said, "That'll do."

Then he began to guide me out of the room and back to the living room. I couldn't believe he intended to take me out like this! I gasped and said, "Paul! I can't go out like this! I'll get arrested!"

He smiled and replied, "Don't worry, Shannon. That isn't all you are going to wear."

I was relieved, but still nervous.
Chapter 3
Home - Top Feedback to author


Home « Vulgus's Page « A Teaser Taught a Lesson Index « Previous - Settings
Chapter 3
Posted: August 14, 2008 - 12:00:00 am
Updated: March 30, 2009 - 12:45:03 pm
﻿

In the living room he ordered me to put my sandals on. As soon as I had them on he picked up the dog collar and leash and put the collar around my neck. He stood back and said, "Perfect!"

Then he began to lead me out of the house by the leash.

I exclaimed, "Paul!"

He ignored me. The next thing I knew I was standing on his front steps nearly naked while he locked the door. We went out to the driveway and I was conscious of all the people around who saw me. It was late on Saturday afternoon. There were people in their yards and walking down the sidewalk. I knew that many of them saw me being led out to the car at the end of a leash. It was terribly degrading, and I felt myself getting wet again.

We got into Jim's big SUV. Jim was driving. Jerry sat in the front passenger seat. Paul and Tony sat in the two bucket seats in the back and I sat on the floor between them. As soon as we were all in and Jim took off down the street, Tony reached down and started playing with one of my tits. He quickly decided that the t-shirt was a hindrance and ordered me to remove it. Once I was naked again his hand returned to my tit. Paul began to toy with the other one absently and for the entire ride I had two men playing with my tits.

I was so excited that I had paid no attention to where we were going. I just knew that by the time we got there I was ready for the sex to resume.

I didn't even look out the car windows until Jim pulled into a parking lot and turned the engine off. When I did look I was shocked to see that we were parked in front of a strip club.

I turned to Paul and said, "I can't go in there! I'm only nineteen."

Paul smiled and said, "It's okay, Shannon. You aren't going to have any alcohol."

Everyone got out. Paul pulled me out after him by the leash attached to my collar. Tony came around the car with my t-shirt in his hand. Before he reached me, three men came out of the club and headed our way. They were just about to get into two cars parked nearby when one of them noticed me.

I heard him exclaim, "I'll be god damn! Look at that!"

They all turned to see me standing there, waiting for Tony to hand me my shirt. One of them called out, "Shit! I didn't know this place had a takeout service!"

Paul laughed and said, "She doesn't work here. She's too young. But I thought she might enjoy the show."

The three of them watched as I put my t-shirt on and Paul led me to the door of the club. The noise inside was deafening. The air was so thick with cigarette smoke that I couldn't breathe at first. But the thing that really took my breath away was the sight of the woman up on the stage, dancing around completely naked in a large room full of men.

I had imagined what it must be like to be doing what that woman was doing from the time I found out that there was such a thing as a strip club. It had appealed to the exhibitionist in me from the moment I had first seen a place like this and seen the sign advertising totally nude dancers. The very idea that men could go into a place like this and watch a naked woman dance around for their amusement made my nipples hard.

Paul spotted a table near the stage and he pulled me along by the leash. As we passed between the tables I drew a lot of amused looks from the men who could only take their eyes off of the naked woman just long enough to notice me.

A waitress came to our table as soon as we took our seats. Her outfit consisted of a pair of thong panties and a pair of sandals. She stood there taking our order just as calmly as if she was fully dressed. She was obviously used to walking around all but naked in this place. If it had been me in her place, the front of that little thong would have been soaking wet.

I looked around and saw a couple more waitresses wearing just about the same thing as ours was. There were also a few women dressed in slutty clothes going around to the tables and saying something to the men watching the show. Tony informed me that they were hustlers trying to get the men to buy them drinks in the hopes of having sex with them. But just like all the men in here, it was the dancers that drew my attention.

I watched men approach the stage and the woman dancing would move close to the edge of the stage and allow the man to place a tip in the small garter that she was wearing. They always did it in such a way that their fingers seemed to linger on or near her exposed pussy while she just smiled at the guy.

The song finally ended and she collected the pieces of her costume and her tips and went back stage. She came out a few minutes later in an open, see through wrap and circulated around to the tables of her lusting fans. Some of the men gave her more money, taking their time and easing it into her garter. She stopped and talked to one guy and when the next song started she took off her wrap and gave him a lap dance. I watched as she rubbed her tits and pussy all over him but the poor guy had to keep his hands down at his sides. He couldn't even touch her. I thought that sucked.

A new girl had come out on stage and started dancing. She was still covered up by her costume so I continued to watch the lap dance taking place a few tables away. By the time that was over the dancer on stage had stripped down to a g-string and I watched her dancing. I also looked at the men in the audience and saw them watching her and wanting her. It was so exciting!

I could just imagine what it must be like to be up on that stage, dancing around naked with all of those men staring at your body and wanting you. As many as a hundred men that were staring at your tits and your pussy and your ass and they all wanted to touch you. They all wanted to fuck you. How fucking exciting was that?!

I noticed a sleazy looking guy talking to Paul but it was so loud in here that I couldn't hear the conversation. It was obvious that they were talking about me. They kept looking over at me. I was afraid that there might have been a question about my age.

I was wrong. After the guy went away our waitress came over and said something to Paul. He handed her my leash and the next thing I knew I was being pulled down a dark hallway and into a dressing room.

There were two strippers in there. They were sitting at their makeup tables talking. They hardly looked up when we first entered. They noticed the leash though and that got their attention. The waitress pulled me over to them and said, "Mr. Ross said to give her a g-string and tell her what to do. She is going to go on for a set. She belongs to some guy in the audience and he wants to see her dance."

The women looked at me and one of them asked, "How old are you honey?"

I told her and she asked, "Are you in trouble?"

I shook my head.

They looked at each other and then she asked, "Do you want to do this?"

I answered honestly, "I didn't know we were coming here tonight. But I have been turned on by the idea of being a stripper since I was a little girl and found out that there was such a thing. I am scared to death. But yes, I want to do this."

She rolled her eyes and said, "It takes all kinds!"

She asked the waitress, "What about the leash?"

The waitress shrugged. The stripper stood up and took it off of me. She handed it to the waitress and said, "Give this back to the guy. He can put it back on her after she does her dance."

She left with the leash and the stripper went over to a rack of costumes and flipped through them. As she did she said to me, "Take off your shirt."

After I had whipped it off she said, "No sense making this complicated. The idea is for you to go out there and dance around naked for a while. You don't have time to learn an act. Put this on."

She handed me a tiny g-string that tied at my hips. After I put it on she handed me a small vest that didn't come anywhere near covering my tits. I slipped the vest on and she handed me a garter. When I had put all three items on she said, "When you get introduced, go out through that curtain and dance around until the first song is ending. It don't matter what you do, just shake your tits a lot. That's all they want to see anyway. At the end of the first song you take the vest off. You take the g-string off at the end of the second number and then you dance naked for the last song. If someone comes up to the stage with a bill in his hand you dance over and smile while he puts it in the garter and feels you up a little. That's all there is to it. Any questions?"

Now that it was about to happen I was scared to death. It isn't that I didn't want to go out there and dance in front of all of those men. I was just afraid I would do something stupid, fall down or not be able to untie the g-string or something.

The stripper pulled me over to the curtain and we waited for the girl that was dancing to finish her number. She saw that I was nervous and she smiled and said, "Don't worry about a thing, honey. There isn't anything that a girl with a body like yours can do that those horny bastards won't love. Just dance like you are at a dance club with your boyfriend and you'll do fine."

The song ended and the woman who had been dancing on stage came through the curtain. She looked bored. I didn't understand that. Even if she did this every day of the week, how could it be boring to get undressed in front of all of those men and dance around, turning them on, making them want you?

My mentor as I was tossed into the world of strip tease saw the confusion on my face and asked, "What's the matter, honey?"

I replied, "How can she be bored?"

She looked at me and shook her head and said, "Honey, we're all bored. Men are pigs. This job loses its thrill pretty damn quick once you realize that."

I replied, "Men are pigs because they like to see women take their clothes off? That doesn't make sense. If men didn't like sex and sexy women, who would we get to marry us?"

Before she could think of a response we heard the announcer say, "Gentlemen, we have a special treat for you this evening. Tonight is Shannon's first time in a strip club and her boyfriend has asked if she could entertain you. She is a little nervous, so be gentle. Now, how about a warm round of applause for Shannon!"

I was pushed out on stage and I heard the men applauding and whistling as I moved toward the front of the stage. The music started and I began to dance.

I wasn't dancing like a stripper, doing those sensual moves that the other women had been doing. But I danced as sexily as I could and since most of my body was already on display the men seemed to get a kick out of it. The vest I had been given covered nothing. Every move I made caused it to flip open. The g-string just barely covered my slit. Some of my pubic hair peeked out even though I kept myself trimmed pretty closely. My ass was completely exposed. And I was so turned on that I could hardly breathe.

I danced around to the loud, wild music and I looked out at the men who were ogling my tits and my ass. It was an exhibitionist's dream come true. I was so excited that the flashes from the camera that Jim was using to take pictures of my stage debut didn't even register on my brain.

I was half way through the first song when a man approached the edge of the stage and held out a dollar bill. I danced over and smiled down at him as he took his time inserting the bill into my garter. As he did his fingers glided over the crotch panel of my little outfit and I almost had an orgasm right then and there.

He stepped back and I danced for a few more seconds before I heard the song ending and I gladly tore the vest off and threw it to the back of the stage. The next song started right away and I continued dancing. As I danced I felt myself getting really into it. I began to caress my breasts and pull on my nipples. I did it to please my audience. But it was really getting to me too. There was no doubt in my mind that there was a wet spot on the front of that unlined little g-string that I was wearing.

Just after the start of the second song two men came up to the stage and I danced closer and stood swaying gently while first one and then the other slowly worked a dollar bill into my garter. Both men ran their hands up my thighs and into the space between my legs, applying pressure to my pussy as they tipped me.

I shuddered in pleasure as they touched me. I was so close to having an orgasm right up there on that stage and it must have showed. I had just started dancing again when a third man came forward and as he put his dollar bill in my garter his knuckles pressed firmly against my clit and that was all I needed. I closed my eyes and groaned loudly and nearly fell to my knees.

There was a loud cheer from the men in the audience. They knew that I was having an orgasm. There was no way I could have hidden it. Hell, I wanted them to know!

As soon as the customer who had just brought me to orgasm stepped back another man stepped forward and as I stood swaying at the edge of the stage I felt him reach up and pull at the strings holding my g-string in place.

I just smiled and let it fall to the floor at my feet while he slowly inserted another bill into my garter. As he purposefully fumbled with my garter I felt two thick fingers slowly push easily into my sopping wet pussy. He kept his fingers buried in my pussy and his thumb gently strummed my clit. This time when I came I did fall to my knees.

He kept me from falling hard by gently lowering me, supporting my weight with his fingers in my pussy. I reached down mindlessly and held his wrist. I pressed my pussy against his hand and I heard myself cry out wordlessly as I came again.

I only half realized that there was now a large crowd of men gathered around the stage. The music played on in the background, song after song, as men came forward and groped my body. They pulled at my breasts and squeezed them. They tormented my nipples with their rough fingers and sometimes with their teeth. They jostled for position and one man after another inserted fingers into my pussy and even into my ass. And I must have had a hundred orgasms!

The show went on for a long time before someone finally decided to restore some order. The manager and the bouncer began to gently pull the men away from the stage and order them back to their seats.

I was finally alone and kneeling, dazed and out of breath. The manager tapped my cheeks lightly to get my attention. I opened my eyes and looked down at his smiling face. It took me a moment to get my bearings. When my eyes finally focused I smiled and said, "Hi!"

When he saw that I was back in the present, the manager said, "Pick up your stuff, sweetheart. Go back stage and get dressed. You got a hell of an act, kid!"

I blinked and then looked around at the money on the floor around me. I gathered it up as quickly as I could, grabbed my g-string and the vest I had been wearing and ran off stage to thunderous applause.

I collapsed in a chair in the dressing room, holding the money and the outfit in my arms and staring blankly at the wall while I recovered.

I felt someone pulling at the outfit I was still clutching mindlessly. I looked up to see my mentor smiling down at me. Two other women were standing behind her staring at me like I was some kind of freak. I released my death grip on the vest and the g-string and as the woman placed them on the table behind me she said, "Not bad, kid. Hell, you gave me a hard on!"

She and her two companions took the pile of money out of my arms and began flattening it out and separating it by denomination. I didn't really care about the money. But I watched curiously as they stacked it up and then counted it. The total was three hundred and thirty-four dollars!

I waited until they had counted it and then handed it back to me and I asked, "Is that a lot?"

All three of them laughed and my mentor said, "Shit! On my best night I only made just a little over a hundred in one set. And that was a long time ago. Come on. Get your shirt on. It's time to take you back out to your table."

I put my t-shirt back on and picked up the stack of money again. That was almost what I made a week! And it had only taken me ... well; actually, I didn't have a clue how long I had been out there. I had been in a sexual daze and it could have been fifteen minutes or two hours. I had no idea.

I was led back out to the table and as soon as I entered the room there was a loud cheer and a round of applause. I smiled, embarrassed now, though I hadn't been when I was on stage.

Paul attached the leash to my collar and then he led me through the room towards the back. As we passed by the tables, men reached out and touched me and called out to me, telling me how sexy I was and how much they had enjoyed my act. I blushed and smiled at them and kept walking.

Paul led me into the manager's office. The manager stood up and came around his desk. He took the leash from Paul and pulled me over to his desk. He reached down and pulled my shirt up to my neck. His hands explored my body while he stood before me staring into my eyes. He was still a greasy looking character. But as his fingers entered my sopping wet pussy I didn't give a damn what he looked like. I knew right away what Paul had brought me back here for and I wanted it.

The manager bent me over his desk and I heard him behind me. I heard his pants being unfastened and his zipper as he pulled it down. I spread my legs apart and leaned on my arms and waited impatiently for him to put his cock in me.

I felt him fumbling to find my opening. I reached between my thighs and grabbed his cock and guided it to my vulva. It felt like a perfectly normal cock and I was a little disappointed that he wasn't hung like a horse. But it felt perfect as he shoved it into me and I cried out in pleasure as I felt my pussy stretching to accommodate this greasy pervert's cock.

I doubt if he took three strokes before I started cumming. I began ranting and raving as he fucked me brutally. I begged him to fuck me harder and I screamed in pleasure with every violent stroke. I probably came a dozen times before I felt him tense up and cum in my pussy.

We stayed locked together for a long time before he finally pulled his cock out of me. I was still breathing hard and still kind of hazy when I felt another cock begin to enter me. I looked back to see that Paul couldn't wait until we got home. I felt his big fat cock entering me and I screamed in pleasure.

He fucked me even more violently than the manager and as he rammed his cock into me he leaned over me and called me terrible names. He called me a cunt and a whore and every other derogatory name for a female that I had ever heard. And I called out, "YES! YES! I'm a cunt! Fuck me! Ram that cock into my cunt! Make me your whore! Oh god yes!"

And again I came over and over while he fucked me. I was so out of it that I didn't even realize he had finished until he had already pulled his pants back up and he was tugging on my leash. I was leaning down with my head on my arms and drooling on the desk like a blithering idiot!

I groaned as I straightened up. I turned around to face Paul. He was smiling at me and when I realized that I had pleased him a warm feeling like I had never experienced before washed over my body. I was so happy I felt like wagging my tail!

He tugged at my leash and said, "Come on, cunt. Let's get you cleaned up so we can take you home."

He pulled me out of the office and down the hallway to the ladies room. I was half way down the hall, passing men coming back from the men's room, when I realized that my shirt was still pulled up over my tits. The men all smiled at me as they passed. It was obvious, I'm sure, that I had just been fucked hard. I didn't care. I just smiled and left my shirt right where it was.

There was no one in the ladies room. It was small, just a toilet and a sink. Paul went in with me and sat me on the toilet. He caressed my hair while I peed and then let the cum drain out of me.

As he caressed me he said, "You liked that, didn't you? You liked it all. You liked dancing naked for a room full of horny old men and letting them look at you and touch you. You liked getting fucked by that sleazy manager. You would have fucked every man in this place if I threw you down on a table and turned them loose, wouldn't you?"

I leaned my head against his stomach and whispered, "Yes. I loved it. I loved it all! Thank you."

He asked, "For what?"

I wasn't quite sure how to answer that. Finally I responded, "Thank you for kidnapping me. Thank you for making me a cunt. Thank you for tonight. It was the most exciting night of my life!"

He patted my head and said, "So far."

I sighed and agreed, "So far."

I felt like I had finished draining. Today was the first time that the men that fucked me weren't wearing condoms so this was new to me. I wiped myself with a handful of toilet paper and stood up and flushed the toilet. I saw a few clumps of cum floating in the toilet. I was surprised at how little there was. It seemed like I had been having sex since just after noon. It was evening now. I felt like I should be full of the stuff. But I hadn't actually had vaginal sex that many times. And most of the sex in here had been with fingers. I had only been fucked twice. It only felt like I had been through an orgy.

Paul ordered me to wash up and told me to come out to the table when I was finished.

I washed my hands and face and ran a damp towel over my pussy and my thighs. I pulled my t-shirt into place and after taking a deep breath and trying to calm down I went out into the hall and back to the main room of the club.

As I passed between the tables the men reached out and grabbed me again. I stopped at a few tables and chatted briefly. Of course, none of the men could talk to me without putting their hands on me. They told me how pretty I was and how sexy I was. They told me how much they loved my show and a lot of them offered me money to go out with them.

I always just smiled and held up my leash and said, "Sorry, my master doesn't let me date." They seemed to love that answer, even if it wasn't a yes."

I finally made it back to my table and Tony asked, "How much did you make?"

I looked at him blankly for a moment before I realized that he was asking how much I had made in tips. I had been carrying that wad of cash around since I came out from backstage. The guys all seemed pretty impressed when I told them how much I had.

I was pretty tired and I was looking forward to sitting down. But they got up instead and we left. As we made our way to the door I was gently groped and complimented on my act. I really enjoyed the attention. I couldn't help it. This was a fantasy come true for me.

We stepped outside and the door closed behind us. Suddenly there was fresh air and the sound wasn't beating violently at my eardrums. I felt like I could relax and take a deep breath for the first time since Paul's friends had started arriving to watch the game today.

We got back in the car and I noticed the time on the dashboard clock when Jim started the car. I was shocked to see that it wasn't even nine o'clock yet! It felt like it was much later, after midnight at least!

Jim drove us back to Paul's house. As soon as we got inside I took my t-shirt off without even being asked. Paul had taken my money from me and I was surprised that I didn't really care. But I saw him stuff it into my purse and I smiled at him.

Jim, Jerry and Tony took seats and Paul went with me into the kitchen. While I was getting beers out for them he asked me if I wanted something to drink. I didn't drink. It isn't impossible to get alcohol when you are only nineteen, but it is difficult. I had tried beer and I didn't like it. I had a couple of tropical drinks that I liked but they were the kind of thing that you drank in a club.

I shrugged and said, "I don't like beer."

He smiled and asked, "How about a small glass of wine?"

I liked some of the wines that I had been able to have with dinner on rare occasions. I answered, "Okay. Thanks."

He poured me a glass of white wine and helped me carry the beer into the other room. I passed the beer around. Then Paul pulled me into his lap. I sipped my wine while Jim turned on the DVD player. I was both shocked and excited to see that one of them had been recording my performance tonight.

I had finally seen them taking photographs of me just before I staggered off stage. I had not been aware of the movie camera though. They had filmed me from the moment I stepped out on stage. I saw the scared look on my face when I first stepped out from behind the curtain. I heard the cheers from the audience and I saw the way it had started to affect me right from the start.

Paul kept me right on the verge of another orgasm with his fingers on my tits and my pussy while we all watched the movie of me making my debut as a stripper. I could easily remember my emotions as I danced for all of those cheering men in the audience. And now, watching it and listening to the lust filled cries from the crowd I was feeling those same feelings all over again. Maybe not quite so intensely, but I felt it.

I was just dancing out there. There was no sensual stripper routine. But I really looked hot the way my tits were bouncing around and peeking out from behind the vest. It wasn't long at all before the look on my face was a look of pure, unadulterated lust. I may not have known what I was doing. But no one in the audience could accuse of me of being bored.

As we watched my show, Paul pulled me back against his chest and held me tight. He whispered in my ear, "Look at your face. You loved it, didn't you?"

In response I hissed, "Yesssss! Oh god yes! It was the most exciting night of my life!"

His finger was sliding in and out of my pussy. I was soaking wet and I just knew that I was going to leave a wet spot on his slacks. But if he didn't care I didn't care. I was aware that the guys were dividing their attention between the movie and what was happening to me now.

I felt it starting again and I started tensing up. But before I came I whispered, "Thank you, Paul. Thank you for knowing."

Then I lost it. I bit my lip but I couldn't keep from crying out. My entire body had been wracked with orgasms all afternoon and all evening. I wouldn't have thought that I could cum again. But I did. I was loud and I felt so free. I didn't mind that they were watching. In fact, I loved it that they were watching Paul get me off with his fingers.

Just as I started cumming he leaned down and whispered, "You fucking cunt! You belong to me now!" Then he bit my shoulder, hard.

I totally lost control then. I screamed and grabbed his wrist. I began to hump my throbbing pussy against his hand like a bitch dog in heat.

He let me go crazy in his lap and then, after the orgasm passed, he gave me time to calm down a little. When I had begun to unwind he said, "Get up and go get a towel from the bathroom. Then come back here and stretch out on the floor and ask the guys if they want to fuck you again before they leave. We don't want to be rude and send our guests home horny, do we?"

I not only didn't mind, I was as ready as they were. I wanted them to fuck me. I hurried to the bathroom and returned with a large bath towel. I spread it out on the floor and sat down. I looked at the three men and asked, "Would somebody please fuck me?"

I smiled at the guys and said, "Hell! Would everybody please fuck me?!"

They fucked me one at a time, right there in the middle of the living room with their friends watching. They all fucked me in the missionary position this time. And I loved it! I didn't cum with all of them. But I came several times and as they took me one after the other I kept hearing Paul's words ringing in my ears. "You belong to me now!"

I had never been so excited, or so happy, in my fucking life!

It took them about an hour. I don't know how long it was exactly. I didn't time them. I just know that it seemed to last a long time. Even though I was starting to get kind of sore from all of the pounding, I was still having a wonderful time. I felt so sexy, and so free.

After everyone had finished they went out to the pool in the back while I went to the bathroom. They all felt it would be much smarter to go home to their wives smelling of chlorine than smelling of strange pussy.

I joined them in the pool after a few minutes and we swam around for a little while and talked about what had happened this evening. I overheard them making plans to take me out somewhere again next weekend. I was all for it!

Paul's friends finally left at around ten. It had been a very full day. I was surprised when I realized how early it was. After everyone left, I cleaned up the living room and then Paul and I took a shower and tonight I was allowed to get in the bed.

We read for about an hour and then we turned out the lights. Paul pulled me into his arms and we lay there in the dark talking about everything that had happened to me today. I made it clear that I was his for as long as he wanted me and that he could do anything that he wanted with me.

He pointed out that the noose still hung in the doorway and he had every intention of whipping me again when the spirit moved him. I shuddered when he told me that. But the strange thing was that my reaction wasn't what I expected. I was scared. I didn't like being hurt. But I felt excitement too. I didn't understand it. But being so totally helpless and submitting to him like this really turned me on.

I whispered, "If that's what you want."

He began to move his hands over my body again. Even though I was totally exhausted I reacted instantly to his touch. I felt his fingers on my tits and my pussy and I was aroused as soon as he touched me. He ran his fingers through my slit and he quietly said, "You enjoyed yourself today, fucking my friends. You had orgasms on stage in that sleazy strip club. You like being a cunt, don't you?"

I groaned as his fingers entered me and I breathed, "Yes! I love being a cunt! I love what you are doing to me!"

He turned me onto my back and kissed me hard. I wrapped my arms around his neck and held him against me as he moved over my body and I felt his fat cock teasing the entrance to my pussy. I lifted my hips and took him into me eagerly. His cock sank slowly inside of me, all the way to the hilt and I sighed in pleasure. Damn I love his fat cock!

He fucked me for a very long time. But it was different than the first times he had sex with me. He was more gentle. He almost made love to me. I had quickly come to love the violent way he and his friends had been fucking me. That brutal rape style that they had was very exciting. But this was very nice too. Those long, slow strokes with his incredible cock quickly began to get to me. He had a little trick he did at the bottom of each stroke that brought his pubic bone into contact with my clit. That, coupled with the fact that I had never been fucked by a nicer, longer, fatter, more beautiful cock was all I needed. I began kissing him, licking his chest and pulling him down on top of me with all of my might. I had a massive orgasm and suddenly I cried out and then I passed out!

I don't know how long I was unconscious. It was long enough for him to finish fucking me. When I finally regained my senses he was on his side with his head resting on his hand, smiling down at me and running his fingers over my sweaty body.

We were both exhausted and covered in sweat. I smiled up at him and whispered, "Thank you."

He chuckled and replied, "Thank you."

I lifted my head and kissed him. I was really confused by what I was feeling. Paul was an attractive, strong, intelligent, personable man. But he was, after all, the man who had kidnapped, whipped and then raped me.

And he was more than twice my age. How could I be feeling the things that I was starting to feel about him?! He is a very good lover. But that alone is no reason to feel affection for someone.

Besides, he was only using me. His goal in this relationship was to humiliate me and degrade me and turn me into a slut. This wasn't a romance for him. I was going to have to be careful to control my feelings for this man. I didn't want to have my heart broken on top of everything else.

I started to struggle to my feet and he asked, "Where are you going?"

I answered, "I'm a mess. I need to take another quick shower."

He smiled and said, "Fuck it. We need to change sheets tomorrow anyway. Don't worry about it."

I said, "No Paul. I stink. You don't want to have me around like this."

He laughed and said, "You smell like sex. I do too. So what? I like you all hot and sweaty. Let's go to sleep."

I lay there in his arms intending to get up once I heard him sleeping so that I could clean up a little. But the next thing I knew it was almost nine in the morning and I was all alone in bed.

I got up and took a quick shower and went downstairs. He met me at the bottom of the stairs. He handed me a cup of coffee and we went out onto the patio.

It was a warm morning. It was going to be a very hot day. I sat with Paul and sipped my coffee. He was reading the morning paper. I watched him and thought about the feelings I had started feeling for him last night. Paul was unlike any man I had ever been with before. He was exciting. He was strong and in charge and he didn't put up with my crap. He was the best lover I had ever had in my limited experience.

The problem is, he is changing me. He is making me vulnerable. He is using me and making me like it.

I sat there staring at him while he read the paper. When we finished our coffee we went for a swim. I did a little better this morning but he still swam three laps for each two of mine.

After our morning exercise we went up and took a shower. I got dressed again in the remnants of the clothes that I had worn to work on Friday. I had to tie the tails of my blouse together, the buttons were all gone. We went to my little apartment to get something I could wear to brunch.

The problem was that we went on his Harley. The wind tore at my clothes as we zipped through town. It lifted my skirt and when I tried to hold my skirt down it whipped my blouse open baring my breasts. Dozens of people got a good look at a lot more of me than I normally expose in public.

By the time we got to my apartment I was feeling that tingle that always went through my body when I exposed my cleavage or my underwear to some guy. It was much stronger now though. I think it made a difference that I wasn't in charge anymore.

I also think that the vibrations of that motorcycle had an effect. I had never ridden on a motorcycle before. I was terrified at first. But once I saw how confidently he rode it and realized that I wasn't going to fall off I relaxed and enjoyed the hell out of it. If I hadn't been constantly fighting to stay covered up enough that I wouldn't get arrested I would have enjoyed it a lot more.

We went into my apartment and I changed into a pair of tight shorts and a halter top. He picked my outfit. He also picked out something for me to wear tomorrow and another outfit to wear to work on Tuesday. He did not select any underwear.

I put my toiletries in a small bag and we went back out to the bike. He put my things in the leather saddle bags on the back of his bike and we went for a nice ride in the country. By the time he pulled up to the place we were going for brunch I was thinking about buying a bike of my own. I loved it!

The restaurant was right by the river just outside of town. It had a big deck in the back, right out over the water. Most of the vehicles in the parking lot were motorcycles. There were a few cars and some pickup trucks, but mostly bikes.

I had never been around so many bikers and I was a little nervous about going in. It wasn't anything like I imagined, though. Everyone was nice and friendly. Most of them knew each other and they waived and called out to Paul as we made our way to a table.

I got a lot of attention in my little outfit. That was fine with me. That was, after all, why I bought clothes like this.

We sat down and ordered brunch and sat watching the other people and enjoying the fresh air while waiting for our food. It was a different atmosphere than any other restaurant that I had ever been to before. It was almost like a club. I heard people making plans for a ride after breakfast and others talking about rallys they had been to or were planning to attend. It was a very congenial atmosphere.

Before our food arrived, two men came out onto the deck and were waiting for a table. Paul saw them and invited them over. They were friends of his and apparently he went on a lot of rides with them.

The men talked about bikes and rallys and mutual friends for several minutes. Paul didn't even introduce me until one of them asked about me. Paul looked at me and said, "She's my little cunt. She's a fucking tease. I got tired of her shit and decided to teach her some manners. I must admit though, she is coming along much better than I thought she would."

One of them smiled and said, "She can tease me anytime she wants. She's a hot little thing."

Paul smiled and asked, "Wouldn't you rather be fucked than teased?"

I can't say that I was surprised. But when he as much as asked them if they wanted to have sex with me it still kind of took my breath away.

They looked at Paul to see if he was serious. It was obvious that he was. They looked at each other for a second and grinned and one of them said, "Hell yeah! I'll fuck her!"

Then he asked, "Where do you want to do this?"

Paul shrugged and said, "I don't care. Wherever you feel comfortable pulling your dick out I guess."

The men looked around the crowded deck and I was relieved to hear one of them say, "We can't do it out here. Too many people. Let's take her to the men's room."

I wasn't much happier with that idea. But I preferred that to right out here in public.

The guy that was doing all the talking asked, "You coming in? Or are you going to wait here?"

Paul answered, "I see our food coming. Why don't you wait until she has her breakfast? Then you can take her inside and fuck her."

The waitress put our food down and Paul ordered fresh drinks for all four of us. I felt the excitement building as I ate quickly. I was glad that I hadn't ordered a large meal.

I finished eating before Paul. As soon as I put my fork down one of the men stood up and said, "Come on."

The other guy got to his feet and I stood up. With a nervous glance at Paul I started to follow the two men. Paul called out to the guy that was leading and said, "Just the two of you, and don't hurt her."

I was still nervous about being taken to the men's room to be fucked by two strange men. But I felt a little better about it after Paul set some limits.

I followed the men into the crowded restaurant and down a dark hallway to the restrooms. The man in the lead opened the door and held it for me. I had a lot of misgivings about this.

I nervously stepped inside. I looked around and I was embarrassed to see four men look up from a line of urinals and another from the sink. They spotted me and I actually relaxed a little when I saw their reactions. No one seemed upset about someone of the opposite sex entering the men's room.

The men laughed and joked and watched closely as I was led to the sink counter. The man in the lead took me in his arms and started kissing me roughly. His large, rough hands were all over me.

He quickly had my halter top up around my neck and my breasts exposed to the men who had gathered around to watch. He bent down and began chewing roughly on one of my nipples while his hands worked quickly, opening my shorts and letting them fall around my ankles.

He stood back and dropped his own pants. He had an average sized cock, but it was all gnarled and really ugly. It was, in fact, the ugliest cock I had ever seen!

He grabbed my hair and pulled my face down to his cock. I started sucking him while his friend moved in behind me and groped my ass and then my pussy. Both men were rough and although I didn't think much of them and wouldn't have let either one of them touch me if it were up to me, I quickly found myself getting very excited by this entire situation and everything they were doing to me. I was having sex with strange men in a men's room! Fuck that was hot! And I didn't have a say in the matter. That made it twice as exciting. But the icing on the cake was the crowd of men who were watching these two big ugly men use my body for their pleasure.

The man behind me repositioned me so that he could fuck me from behind while I was sucking his friends cock and soon I had two cocks in my body at the same time. I also had an audience of half a dozen complete strangers standing around watching and taking pictures with their cell phones. It made me really regret all of those years of being a tease when I could have been a slut! Fuck this was hot!

The man whose cock was in my mouth started getting rough. He held my head and began thrusting his hips, forcing more of his cock into my mouth than I was able to handle comfortably. I finally wised up and put my hand around the base of his cock and once I stopped gagging and choking I began to really get off on being taken so violently in a men's bathroom with a large audience. I came twice before the man whose cock was in my mouth finally tensed up and shot a hot load of cum down my throat.

He didn't move away after he came. He held my head and his cock went soft in my mouth while his friend continued to pound away at my pussy. I started cumming again when I felt him speed up and I realized he was cumming inside of me.

There was almost a fight after they finished with me. Some of the guys who had been watching wanted a turn. To be honest, I wouldn't have minded at that point. I was still turned on and ready for more.

My escorts managed to convince the more persistent men in the audience that I wasn't theirs to share. I was permitted to clean up, again, with everyone watching. Then they handed me back my clothes and I got dressed.

I was escorted back to the table. As soon as we got there, Paul stood up and we left. Paul drove straight home and I hurried to the bathroom and took another shower. Sex is kind of messy anyway, but something about doing it in a men's room makes you feel dirty. I got cleaned up and dried off and went back down to the living room in the nude.
Chapter 4
Home - Top Feedback to author

Home « A Teaser Taught a Lesson Index « Previous Chapter - Settings
Chapter 4
Posted: August 14, 2008 - 12:00:00 am
Updated: March 30, 2009 - 12:45:03 pm


Pages: Prev | 1 | 2 | Next

﻿

The rest of the day was very relaxed. We swam in the pool and read. It was a hot afternoon so we spent most of the time in the living room. Paul put the race on the television with the sound off. He kept track of the race but he had quiet music playing on the stereo and we sat and read until it was time to make supper.

We made supper together. I didn't really know how to cook, though. I did what he told me and learned from him as we went. We ate a delicious meal and enjoyed some quiet conversation. We talked a little about the book I was reading. But mostly he asked about the things we were doing, how I felt about them. I answered his questions as honestly as I could.

He also asked me about how I became a tease and what I got out of it. I told him my early memories, my first exciting exposures. But I had never spent a lot of time analyzing the things that I did or why they turned me on. I couldn't really say why the things I did excited me.

When it started to get late and we were just about to go to bed, Paul said, "I am really impressed with the way you are coming along, Shannon. As a reward for being such a good slut, I'm going to give you a whipping and take you upstairs and fuck you."

The fear washed over me and I looked up at him in disbelief. I didn't understand. I had done everything he had asked of me!

He saw the confusion on my face and he smiled. He said, "I'm not going to whip you to punish you, Shannon. I'm going to whip you because I enjoy it."

I wasn't reassured.

He stood up and helped me to my feet. I was so scared that I could hardly stand without his help.

He led me over to the noose that still hung in the doorway. I was about to reach out and put it around my neck but he reached up and began to untie the noose. I watched him. I was scared still, but I was happy that he was not going to put that rope around my neck again.

He pulled me into position under the rope and I stood still while he braided my hair around the rope and picked up a thin piece of rope from a nearby table. He quickly secured my hair in place. When I was fastened securely to the rope he lifted my arms and secured my wrists to the rope above my head with another small length of rope. Then he moved over to a hook in the wall and tightened the rope that was braided into my hair until I almost had to stand on my toes. Once more I was unable to move and I stood before my kidnapper totally helpless.

I wasn't gagged this time. And he didn't put the blindfold on me. I would be able to see the blows coming.

He picked up the riding crop and caressed my body for a moment before he struck me. I was terrified. I didn't want this. I didn't want to be hurt. I looked into his eyes and whispered, "Why?"

He smiled and responded, "Discipline, Shannon. You lack discipline. You were very good this weekend. But you still need to be punished for who you were before I decided to correct your behavior. To be honest though, the primary reason is because I enjoy this. And if you were honest you would admit that you enjoy it too."

I tried to shake my head but because of the ropes I could hardly move it. I whispered urgently, "No! No I don't! I don't enjoy it. It hurts!"

He smiled and reached down and easily inserted two of his thick fingers up into my pussy. I groaned, partly because it felt so good, but mostly because I realized just how wet I was. I hadn't even been aware of it! I didn't understand it. This couldn't possibly be exciting me! I was scared to death. I was standing here so afraid of the pain that I knew I was about to experience that it was all I could do to support myself on my shaking legs.

Paul pulled his fingers out of me and held them up. He didn't bother to point out the obvious. He let me suck his fingers clean. Then he leaned down and kissed me passionately. For some reason I found myself returning his kiss with every bit as much passion. And for some reason, when he moved around behind me and drew his arm back I wasn't so scared anymore.

I was scared. If asked I would have hurriedly said that I didn't want to do this. But I was starting to think that he might be right about me. My pussy was wet. I did feel something, I'm not sure what. Anticipation? I doubt that. But for some reason I realized that when he had said that he was doing this because he enjoyed it, it had become acceptable, or at least tolerable.

Then the first blow struck. Once more he started on the backs of my thighs. I gasped in pain and then cried out when I pulled my own hair trying to get away from that whip. He waited for me to settle back into place and he struck again.

Something strange was happening. It wasn't so bad! It wasn't pleasant. It hurt like hell. But whether it was because I was getting used to it, or because I wasn't blindfolded this time, or perhaps because I was beginning to trust my kidnapper, my rapist, I can't say.

Whatever the reason, I realized that I was feeling something this time that I hadn't felt the first two times he whipped me. I wouldn't go so far as to say that I was enjoying it. But I would be lying if I didn't admit that something in me was reacting to this.

The next blow fell on my ass and I jumped again. But I no longer feared that he was going to damage me, cut my skin, make me bleed.

I kept close track as he followed the pattern he had set during the previous two whippings. Two blows to the backs of my thighs, three to my ass, and two to my back. Then he moved around and after I was ready he began whipping the fronts of my thighs.

The blows to my upper thighs and my belly, just above my pubic hair had a surprising effect. I didn't like it. It still hurt like hell. But I swear I almost had an orgasm when that blow landed above my pubic hair.

He saw it too. I know because instead of moving up to strike my breasts he hit me again in the same spot. I looked at him through the tears and I saw the knowing smile on his face.

He leaned closer and lightly licked the tears from my cheeks. Then he whispered, "You feel it now, don't you? You almost had an orgasm just then."

He stepped away and hit me four times in rapid succession, alternating above and below my pubic area and then once more right across my nipples.

I screamed loudly ... and I came!! I had a fucking orgasm from being whipped! How sick is that?!

My eyes were closed and I was gasping for breath. I was slowly recovering from that crazy orgasm. But I was still waiting for the final blows. When they didn't land on my breasts I opened my eyes. His face was nearly touching mine. He grabbed the back of my head and pressed himself against my body. He kissed me violently. He raped me with his mouth and as our tongues dueled I came again ... just from his kiss!!

What was this man doing to me?!

The kiss went on and on. My body hurt, my nipples weren't sure if they were feeling pain or pleasure. My hair felt like it was being pulled from my scalp. But I ignored all of that and returned his kiss with every ounce of passion I could muster.

Paul finally broke the kiss and just held me for a moment. Then he reached up and began to remove the ropes that held me in place. It took a moment, but when I was finally free I jumped back into his arms and held him against me and struggled with all of my might not to tell him that I loved him.

He held me in his arms and rested his cheek on the top of my head. What was it about this man?! More to the point, what was wrong with me that I would have an orgasm while being whipped by a man who had kidnapped and raped me?

I was so confused. I find myself thinking that a lot lately.

Paul bent down and picked me up. He tossed me over his shoulder as if I weighed nothing. He carried me upstairs and tossed me on the bed and stood beside me, undressing rapidly.

I watched impatiently for a moment. Then I slid out of bed at his feet and began to help. I was anxious to see his cock again, to taste it again.

As soon as he was naked I took his cock in my loving hands. It was already hard. It looked like he had begun to get over his distaste for me. I pulled the large knob at the end of his cock down to my lips and kissed it lovingly. Then I began driving my lips down that beautiful, thick shaft.

I knew that it wasn't possible. But I wanted that entire slab of male meat in my mouth. I slid my lips down until the head of his cock touched the back of my throat. I gagged slightly, but not like the first time. I ignored it and forced myself to calm down. I held his cock buried in my mouth as far as I could and caressed his large balls with my fingertips.

I kept struggling to take more of his cock into my mouth, just another half inch. I had stopped gagging now. I held his cock in my mouth and pushed desperately until he grabbed my head and said, "Take it easy Shannon. You did great last time. Just do that again. You can't take it down your throat. It's too large."

I knew he was right. I wasn't really trying to take it down my throat. I'm no Linda Lovelace. I just wanted a little more. I just wanted to give him the best blowjob he had ever had in his life.

I stretched my lips down the shaft just a fraction of an inch farther and groaned in frustration. And then, suddenly, something happened. Something gave. His cock slid into my throat and I was applying so much pressure that by the time I stopped, my lips were wrapped around the base of his cock!

I'm not sure which of us was more shocked. Probably me. But I heard him gasp and mutter, "I'll be a son of a bitch!"

And then he asked, "Are you alright?"

I moaned in response. But I stayed right where I was until I had to have more air. I slowly pulled back until just the head of his cock was in my mouth and paused to think about what I had just done. It had been quite painful. But I had done it and I doubted if anyone else could do that for him. I was so fucking proud of myself! And I knew that I had to do it again.

I swallowed and was relieved to find that I still could, though it was painful. Then I began sliding my lips down over his cock again. As my lips descended he said, "Shannon, don't do that again. You'll hurt yourself."

For the first time since he had taken me I disobeyed him. I slid my lips down until his cock was at the entrance to my throat and I began applying force again.

He reached out his hand to stop me but before he could, my lips slid down to the base of his cock again. It was easier this time. And it was less painful too. It still hurt. But Jesus! I was so fucking proud of myself! And I was so happy that I could please him in a way that nobody else could.

I held my lips stretched wide around the base of his cock again until once more I had to back off for air. As soon as I did he stepped back and pulled his cock from my mouth.

I groaned in dismay and struggled to take him back into my mouth but he bent down picked me up and threw me on the bed. In an instant he was on top of me and I felt the head of his cock near my throbbing pussy.

I reached down and guided him into me and I screamed so loud as he entered me that I almost didn't hear him say, "You crazy fucking bitch! Jesus you're hot!"

I caught my breath as he began to fuck me violently again and I wrapped my arms and legs around his body and responded, "I am now! I'm a hot fucking cunt! I'm your hot fucking cunt!"

It was over far too quickly. I came twice before he finally reached orgasm. But I never wanted it to end. It felt so fucking good to have him pounding into me with that beautiful cock. This was what sex was supposed to be like!

After he came he slowly pulled out of me. He bent down and kissed me lovingly, romantically. Once more I found myself fighting to keep from telling him that I loved him. Because I couldn't possibly love him. But I felt something. I felt a passion I had never felt before, not for anyone, ever!

He finally rolled over onto his back and I got up on my knees and began kissing and licking my way down his masculine body until I reached that magnificent male organ that was causing me so much pleasure.

His cock was a slimy mess. But that didn't bother me at all. I happily licked and sucked it clean. Then I did the same with his large, hairy testicles. And I loved doing it!

He finally reached down and pulled me up beside him and held me in his arms. I had never felt so safe and protected as I did at that moment. Am I out of my mind?!

But then he whispered, "You were fucking fantastic!"

No, I wasn't out of my mind. I was in uncharted territory here. But as strange as our relationship was, I had never felt like this. I really liked what he was making me into.

He got up after a while and went to the bathroom. He was gone a long time and when he came back the look on his face made me nervous. He looked upset.

He sat on the side of the bed. I moved closer and kissed his strong back and asked, "What's wrong, Paul?"

He didn't say anything for a long moment. Then he looked at the clock and stood up and turned around to face me. After another long moment he said quietly, "Get up, Shannon. Get dressed. I'm taking you home."

For a moment I couldn't breathe. I stared at him in shock. What had I done?!

I shook my head and said, "No! No, I ... why?! What did I do? Paul, I don't want to go home! What's wrong?!"

He turned away and said, "I think I made a mistake."

I sat up on the side of the bed. I wasn't able to get up. I reached out and put my hand on his arm and asked, "What mistake? What's wrong, Paul? I don't understand!"

He turned to face me again said, "I was just in the bathroom. Do you know what I saw in there?"

I shook my head. I was trying to think of what I could have done, what I could have left in there that upset him this much.

He finally said, "I looked in the mirror and saw a fifty-one year old man that has no business falling in love with a nineteen year old girl. I'm sorry. I did not intend for this to happen. I guess there was more to you than I expected. Now get dressed."

He was falling in love with me!!

There was a near explosion in my chest when he said that. My heart almost exploded. I stared at him in total disbelief for a moment and then I whispered, "No."

He looked at me as if he thought he had misunderstood me.

I said it again. "No."

He leaned down and pulled me to my feet and held me in his arms. He started to say something else but I reached up and put my finger on his lips and said, "I have been biting my tongue all day to keep from telling you that I love you. I don't understand it. I have never been in love before. I can't understand how I could possibly be in love with the man who kidnapped me, raped me and beat me with a whip. It just isn't possible to love a man who lets other men rape you whenever he feels like it. Nearly everything that you have said to me has been an insult. But I have deserved it. I'm not the same person that I was on Friday. I don't really understand what happened or who I am now. But I like me better now. If you want me to leave you are going to have to take me out the same way you brought me in. I'm not leaving voluntarily."

He let me go and stepped back. After taking a moment to think he said, "Shannon, it's just ... I don't know, lust I guess. It can't be love. We have nothing in common. Two days ago we didn't like each other. I thought that I had finally reached a point in my life that I had my shit together. Now ... I don't know. I just can't do this to you."

"Do what?" I asked.

He ran his hands over my hair and said, "I don't want to hurt you anymore. I don't mean the whip. When I decided to do this to you I wanted to hurt you. It isn't about that anymore. But it isn't right. I looked at myself in the mirror and I saw a man who is old enough to be your father. Hell, I'm almost old enough to be your grandfather!"

I almost screamed my response. "I don't give a fuck how old you are! Paul, I love you. I don't care if that's impossible. You are the most perfect man that I have ever met. I love you for who you are and for what you have made me. I love you too much to get dressed and walk out that door. And I don't want my lessons to stop. I want to live the rest of my life just like today. I want you to make me perfect for you. I want you to whip me and I want you to let other men fuck me and I want you to tie me up and I want you to teach me how to cook and how to do anything and everything that you want me to do. I will do anything for you but walk out that door."

I saw that he was unconvinced. I could also see that he was torn. He didn't really want me to leave either. He was trying to do what he thought was right. I couldn't leave here now. I just couldn't.

In desperation I said, "Give me a week. I want one more week like today. Then we can talk. Please, Paul. Please don't make me leave."

He took me back into his arms and held me tight. He kissed the top of my head and moved his hands gently over my back and whispered, "You are making a mistake."

I held him tight and when I realized he was going to let me stay I started crying in relief. I answered, "If I walked out of that door it would be a mistake."

I pushed him away after a few minutes and said, "I have to go to the bathroom. I'll be right back."

I rushed into the bathroom and sat on the toilet. I could hear his cum draining out of me but that wasn't why I had come in here. I covered my face with my hands and cried quietly. When he had told me I had to leave I had been crushed. I realized now that I did love him. As impossible as it seemed, I loved that strange man. And he loved me!

It took a while but I finally got myself under control. I wiped my pussy and got up and washed my face. Then I stood and stared at myself in the mirror. But I wasn't really seeing me. I mean, I was, but I was seeing what could be. I had one week to make him see that he couldn't live without me. By god, that's what I was going to do!

I finally went back into the bedroom and crawled into bed beside him. We didn't have to go to work tomorrow, it was a holiday. So we could stay up and read for a while before we turned out the lights.

As engrossed in that book as I had become, it was all that I could do to read tonight. I wanted to take him in my arms and hold him and kiss him and tell him over and over how much I loved him. Damn! I felt like a silly schoolgirl!

Finally I gave up and put my book down. I turned over and rested my head on his belly and lovingly cradled his soft cock. I heard him put his book down and he quietly said, "I can't concentrate either."

We were quiet for a few minutes. I caressed his growing cock and he ran his hand tenderly down my back and over my ass.

As his cock grew I began to kiss and lick the head of it. He relaxed and enjoyed my mouth on his cock. After a few minutes he said, "I'm not going to stop whipping you."

I felt my pussy tingle at the mention of that whip and I stopped what I was doing long enough to say, "I don't want you to."

A moment later he said, "I'm still going to make you fuck and suck other men, and I'm planning on going back to that strip joint."

I moaned and answered, "That was so exciting, wasn't it?!"

I started taking his hard cock into my mouth and he said, "Take it easy this time. Just a normal blowjob, okay? I'm not anxious to explain to some doctor in an emergency room how I removed your tonsils with my cock."

I chuckled and responded, "I already had my tonsils out."

But I took it easy. I only took half of his cock into my mouth and I sucked it lovingly while I used my hand on the rest of his massive organ. I couldn't wait to get another mouthful of his delicious cum.

I didn't rush it though. I loved having his cock in my mouth and I loved the way it felt in my hand. I loved that I could please him this way. I made it last for a very long time. I sucked and I massaged him with my hand and I brought him right to the brink time after time until finally his hand squeezed the cheek of my ass in his steel grip and he filled my mouth with another delicious load of hot cum. We had been having so much sex in the last two days that I was surprised at how much cum there was. He must be one of the most virile men on the planet!

I held his cum in my mouth for a long time after he came. The head of his cock was still resting just inside my mouth and as his cock got soft I felt a few more drops of cum drain into my mouth.

I finally swallowed and quietly said, "I love your cock. I've never loved a cock before. I've never even liked anyone's cock before. I just liked making them hard, making them want me. But I love your cock. I love the way it tastes and the way it feels in my hand and in my mouth, but most of all in my pussy. And I love the taste of your cum."

He pulled me up beside him again and took me in his arms. He held me tight and kissed me lovingly as is hands moved softly over my body. After a few minutes he put me on my back and began to kiss his way down my body.

I wasn't thinking at first. But then I realized what he was going to do and I said, "No! Don't do that! I'm not clean. Paul!"

I tried to pull him back up but he took my wrists in his hands and said, "Don't you ever say no to me again, cunt!"

I hissed, "Paul! We just ... you know! Don't! I'm not clean. I never want you to be disgusted with me again!"

He looked exasperated. He rolled his eyes and said, "You stupid cunt! You just sucked my cock clean after I fucked you. Didn't you?!"

I groaned and answered, "That's different."

He chuckled and asked, "How?"

I stuttered, "I ... it's ... I don't know! It just is!"

He chuckled again and said, "Silly bitch! Relax. If I have a problem with your cunt I'll let you know about it."

He continued to hold my wrists and kiss his way down my body until his mouth was teasing my pussy. I had cleaned up after we fucked. But I knew there were still traces of our juices inside of me and I was nervous about grossing him out.

I couldn't watch. I closed my eyes and tensed up and waited for him to realize that he had made a mistake. That embarrassing moment never came. He kissed and licked all around my pussy and then he began to explore inside of my opening with his tongue. I began to lose control before I realized that the moment I feared wasn't going to happen. He was eating my pussy ravenously!

I relaxed finally and let myself go. As soon as I did I realized not just how wonderful it felt, but how much more wonderful it felt with my arms restrained. Once more I was helpless and I was finding that every time that happened I enjoyed it more. But it was especially delicious this time.

I started having orgasm after orgasm and since the only movement I was capable of was to lift my hips and grind my pussy into his mouth I did that, without even realizing that I was doing it!

I lost count of the orgasms I had. I was whining and whimpering and crying out and making sounds that weren't even human and he just kept driving me crazy with his tongue.

Finally I couldn't take it any longer and I begged him to stop.

He stopped licking, but with his lips still grazing the lips of my pussy he asked in a mischievous voice, "What will you do for me if I stop?"

I screamed, "Anything! I'll do anything for you, Paul. I will always do anything for you!"

He released my arms and crawled up over me. I grabbed his face and pulled it down and licked him clean. He kissed me long and hard and then he smiled down at me and said, "Remember that. I'm going to hold you to it."

I stared lovingly up into his dark blue eyes and said, "You have my word. I will always do anything to please you."

Then I smiled and added, "And I know you well enough now to know that you are going to test me. I'll pass."

We went to sleep in each other's arms. I expected to be awake half the night. I lay there in Paul's arms thinking about how much had happened, how much had changed since Friday. I wasn't even the same person I had been just forty-eight hours ago. And I was very excited by the difference. But I was also totally fucked and I was asleep before I knew it.

We slept a little late in the morning. Paul was still asleep when I awoke. I was still in his arms! I lay there and enjoyed being held for a long time. But eventually I had to go to the bathroom and I couldn't put it off any longer.

I slowly eased out of his arms and got to my feet. I looked over at him to make sure I hadn't disturbed him but he was looking right at me and smiling. I returned his smile and said, "Sorry, I tried to be quiet. I had to get up before I wet the bed."

I hurried into the bathroom and used the toilet and brushed my teeth. When I came back out, Paul was sitting on the side of the bed. He asked, "Can you make coffee?"

I nodded and he told me where the coffee and the filters were located. I looked around for my sandals but then I remembered that I had come upstairs naked last night.

I went down and made coffee. When Paul came down he supervised me while I made bacon and eggs. I was surprised. I thought sunny-side up eggs were difficult to cook. Once you know how they are pretty easy.

We ate out by the pool and then we sipped coffee for a while. I waited for him to drag me into the pool for my morning exercise. I was starting to wonder if he was going to skip it today. No such luck. We spent the next fifteen minutes swimming laps. I noticed that after only three days I was getting better. But I was never going to be able to keep up to him.

After our morning exercise we cleaned up the breakfast dishes and Paul took me upstairs. We took a quick shower and got dressed. I was wearing a miniskirt and a see-through blouse that Paul had picked out for me when we went to my apartment yesterday.

It was after eleven when we finally left the house. We took his car today. I didn't know where we were going but I didn't doubt that it was going to be interesting. All my time with Paul was, if nothing else, very interesting.

We didn't go very far. Paul drove to a large house just a few miles away. We got out of the car and I followed Paul to the door. There were about a dozen cars parked in the driveway and in front of the house. It looked like there was a party going on here. I could hear voices in the back yard and people splashing around in a pool.

Paul rang the doorbell and a teenage boy in bathing trunks answered the door after a short wait. He smiled when he saw us and stepped back. His eyes focused on my breasts in the sheer blouse I was wearing. He tried to be polite and look away. He wasn't very successful.

We stepped inside and the boy led us through the house and out to the pool in the backyard. He quickly rejoined the other boys and I watched out of the corner of my eye as he spoke to several of them. It was obvious that he was pointing me out to them and telling them about how sheer my top was.

There were about fifteen boys playing around in and out of the pool. They all looked to be about fifteen or sixteen. I recognized one of them. It was Jim's youngest son, Jason.

Jim and another man were sitting at a table under an awning. I followed Paul to the table and after I was introduced to Craig, the other man at the table and the owner of the home, we joined them.

I didn't start getting nervous until Craig asked, "This is her?! Does she know why she is here?"

Paul and Jim both laughed and Paul answered, "Not yet. But it doesn't matter."

Then Paul turned to me and said, "Shannon, we're going to talk for a while. I want you to go for a swim. Keep the boys entertained for a while. It's Jason's sixteenth birthday. Why don't you go wish him a happy birthday?"

I shivered, partly in dread, partly in anticipation. I suddenly knew why I was here. But I hoped that I was wrong. Jason had been almost like a little brother to me for years.

I said, "I don't have a bathing suit!" But I knew that was intentional. Still, I needed to hear it from him.

He smiled and replied, "I don't think they'll mind."

I knew what he intended. And he knew that I had quickly come to realize what I was here for. I was to be the entertainment. I was going to be one of Jason's birthday presents. It was unlikely that it would stop there though.

The three men at the table were all watching me. I stood up and watched Paul's face while I fumbled nervously with the top button on my blouse. When no one stopped me I knew that this was what they wanted.

I couldn't look at the others. I was too embarrassed. I watched Paul's face as I unbuttoned my blouse. As I removed it I became aware of the sudden silence behind me. I knew without having to turn and look that every one of them was watching me as I stood at the table and undressed.

I draped my blouse over the top of my chair and my nervous fingers struggled with the button at the waist of my skirt. It finally popped free and I slowly pulled the short zipper down. The sound of the zipper seemed unusually loud in the total silence that had fallen over the large group of rowdy boys behind me.

I saw that Paul knew just how nervous I was as I hesitated before lowering my skirt and exposing myself to the men at the table and the boys behind me. I'm sure that he was also aware that something inside of me was responding to that fear and to the humiliation that I was feeling.

I heard the sudden intake of breath from more than a few of the boys behind me when I finally let my skirt fall to the patio at my feet. I squatted down, picked my skirt up and placed it on top of my blouse. I stepped out of my sandals. Then, with one last look into Paul's amused eyes, I turned and headed for the pool.

I couldn't avoid seeing the faces of the boys now. They were all in the pool or sitting around the edges with their legs dangling in the water. They all seemed to have the same expression. It was a combination of awe, lust, and disbelief that this was actually happening.

I understood their reaction. I was having trouble believing that I was doing this too. But as I slowly approached the pool steps I would be lying if I said that I wasn't starting to feel turned on.

I spotted Jason standing with a few other boys in waist deep water. I waded into the pool and walked over to him. He stared at me in disbelief as I headed straight for him.

I walked past several of his friends and stopped in front of him. He struggled, not very successfully, to look me in the eyes. His eyes kept dropping to my chest. But I couldn't fault him for that.

The others were all still watching me in total silence as I came to a stop in front of Jason. I smiled and said, "Good morning, Jason. I just wanted to wish you a happy birthday."

I moved a little closer and put my arms around him. I pressed my body against his and gave him a nice kiss on the lips. He was three, almost four years younger than I am. But he, and apparently all of his friends, were taller. I had to stand on my toes to kiss him.

I heard the surprised gasps from his friends as I kissed him. The excitement was building. The air was growing heavy with it.

Jason was too shocked to return my kiss at first. But after a moment he began to kiss me back and I felt his arms come up to hold me. We kissed for a long time and I felt his hard cock pressing against my stomach through his trunks.

He finally broke the kiss and breathlessly asked, "Shannon! What are you doing?!"

I smiled and reached down between us. I saw him shudder as I worked my hand into his trunks and grasped his throbbing cock. I looked him right in the eye and answered, "I'm your birthday present, Jason. Don't you want me?"

He groaned when my hand wrapped around his hard cock. He looked at me like I was crazy. Then he turned and looked at the table where his father and Paul and Craig were all watching with amused looks on their faces.

He looked back at me and said, "Is this a joke?"

I smiled again and said, "Jason, I'm stark fucking naked, I have your dick in my hand. I just stuck my tongue in your mouth. Your father is watching and smiling. The only real question now is, do you want me to suck your cock or do you want to fuck me.

There was a sudden, loud chorus of unintelligible reactions from the other boys who were gathered around and staring in disbelief. I looked up and said, "Calm down guys! You'll all get your chance."

Jason looked at me in shock and asked, "Shannon, why are you doing this?"

I said, "My master didn't tell me why. That isn't important to me. I am assuming it is because your father is a friend of his and they worked it out between them. I know you want me. I've seen you staring at me for years. You have been trying to look down my blouse or up my skirt since you figured out that girls are different than boys. Today's your chance. You can look all you want."

I kissed him again and then I said, "I was just thinking, since it's your birthday you shouldn't have to choose. Why don't we find someplace that is dry and comfortable and I'll suck your cock. Then you can fuck me before your friends get me all nasty. Okay?"

He glanced over at his father again. Jim smiled and nodded. That was all Jason needed. He looked back at me and asked, "You have a master? Since when?"

I ran my thumb over the soft skin that covered the head of his cock and answered, "Since last Friday. That's him. He brought me here so that you and your friends could have me. Come on. Let's get out of the pool so I can give you your present."

I pulled Jason out of the pool by his cock and led him to a large air mattress lying in the grass nearby. I dropped to my knees in front of him and tried to ignore all of the boys that were rushing out of the pool and gathering around to watch as I pulled Jason's trunks down.

I didn't know much about how boys developed. I hadn't lost my virginity until I was eighteen. I know, hard to believe. But I was a tease, remember?
Continues...

Pages: Prev | 1 | 2 | Next

Next Page
Home - Top   [Bookmark Next Page] « Vulgus's Page Feedback to author

Home « A Teaser Taught a Lesson Index « Previous Chapter - Settings
Chapter 4
Posted: August 14, 2008 - 12:00:00 am
Updated: March 30, 2009 - 12:45:03 pm


Pages: Prev | 1 | 2 | Next

Continuation...

My first two lovers had been both been eighteen. I figured that they were both fully grown but both of them had smaller cocks than the ones I had been exposed to since.

Jason, on the other hand, seemed to be remarkably well equipped for a sixteen year old. It occurred to me that I was about to learn a lot more than I ever wanted to know about penis development in teenage boys.

Once I had his trunks off, I smiled up at Jason and asked, "Nervous?"

He grinned shyly and nodded his head.

I said, "Yeah, me too. Fuck them. Let's show them how it's done!"

He chuckled and responded, "What makes you think I know?!"

I pulled him down onto the air mattress and said, "Don't worry. The basics come naturally. The other stuff you learn as you go along. Maybe you can arrange to have me give you lessons later."

I pushed him down on his back and crawled up between his legs. I ignored the heavily breathing crowd of young men gathered to watch. Or at least I tried to. It wasn't easy.

I leaned down and began to kiss and then lick Jason's balls. Jason was a tow head. He still had very light blonde hair. He didn't seem to have any hair on his body except for a very sparse pubic bush. There was no hair at all on his balls. They were smooth and clean and pleasant to feel under my tongue.

He groaned in pleasure as I teased his balls with my tongue. His impressive cock throbbed and I could feel the heat from it on my cheek. I watched the lubricant ooze out of the tip each time his cock bobbed in my face. I began to lick my way up his sensitive shaft. Judging by his reactions I knew this wasn't going to take much longer.

I pulled his cock away from his belly with my fingers and took the tip of it between my lips. He made an animal-like sound as I held the top of his cock in my mouth and bathed it with my tongue. I slowly slid my lips down his shaft and when the head of his cock reached the back of my throat I just kept going.

It was impossible not to be aware of the quiet but very obscene comments from the other boys. But I tried to keep them in the background as I made love to Jason's cock with my mouth.

There were a lot more amazed comments when I finally had Jason's entire cock in my mouth and my lips were pressed up against his pubic bone. But Jason wasn't saying anything. His eyes were closed and his hips were quivering and he was muttering, "Oh my god!" over and over under his breath.

Jason gasped and croaked, "I'm gonna cum!"

I raised my lips back up to the head of his cock and teased it with my tongue while my fingers grasped his shaft and finished him off. His ass came right up off of the mattress and his hot cum began to shoot forcefully into my mouth. There was so much of it that I had to swallow about half way through! Then my mouth filled again and just before I had to swallow again he finally went limp on the mattress. I swallowed carefully and then held his cock in my mouth while his breathing returned to normal.

It was nearly a minute before he finally opened his eyes and looked down at me with the most amazing look of gratitude on his face. He swallowed hard and then quietly said, "That was fucking amazing, Shannon! Thank you!"

I didn't bother to ask if it was his first time. It was pretty obvious. I took my lips from around his still hard cock and smiled and said, "My pleasure. Now, how about your birthday fuck? Are you ready?"

He nodded enthusiastically and I moved up beside him on the mattress. He put his arm around me and started to kiss me. He hesitated for a second. Then he leaned forward to place his lips on mine.

I smiled and said, "You don't have to kiss me, Jason. I know that some guys are uncomfortable kissing a girl who has just sucked them off."

He looked embarrassed that I realized why he had hesitated. But he said, "It crossed my mind. But that's pretty silly, isn't it?"

Before I could answer he was kissing me passionately and his hand was exploring my breast. I returned his kiss and I reached up and placed my hands on his cheeks. I pulled back and said in a sexy voice, "I don't think you are going to need lessons, Jason. You are a natural!"

He smiled and said, "Oh, I'm sure there must be something I don't know."

He started kissing me again but then he pulled back and whispered, "Does this feel like incest to you?"

I chuckled and said, "Yeah. That's why your brother and I stopped going out. Kind of hot, isn't it?"

He laughed and said, "Yeah! It is! As long as I live I'll never get a better birthday present than this. Thank you."

I answered, "Don't thank me. I don't mind, but it wasn't my idea."

Then we kissed and I caressed his hard cock while he explored my body. I knew that it was the first time he had touched a naked girl and that made it so much more exciting for me. I'm not sure why. But it did. But then, I had no doubt that I was going to pick a whole pot of cherries this afternoon.

Jason's cock had never gotten soft after his orgasm. I knew he was ready to go again right away. I figured that if we wasted too much time with foreplay he would cum almost instantly again. So I rolled over on my back and pulled him over on top of me.

I reached down between our bodies and guided his cock to my very ready pussy. As soon as I moved my hand out of the way he began to slowly slide his cock inside of me. It felt wonderful, for both of us.

He sighed loudly as he felt his cock sliding into a warm, wet pussy for the first time. I reached out and put my arms around him and as he came to a stop with his cock buried in me to the hilt I sighed and said, "Oh god, Jason! That feels wonderful! I love your cock!"

It was partly to boost his ego. But it was true too. I did love the feel of his hard cock inside of me. I knew I wasn't going to reach orgasm. He was going to cum much too quickly. In fact, there was a very good chance that I would fuck every one of these boys this afternoon and not have an orgasm.

But damn! It was so fucking exciting to have this effect on all of these guys. I could look around through the corners of my eyes and I could see that there wasn't a soft cock to be found. They all wanted me. They were oozing lust from every pore. And anyway, I knew that if these boys couldn't bring me to orgasm I belonged to a man that could.

Jason began moving up and down on top of me. His first few strokes were very slow and sensual. But that couldn't last. He was far too aroused and I understood perfectly when he began to pound into me like a rabbit and then his entire body quivered as he came in me again. I doubt if he had lasted three minutes. But it was still pretty damned exciting.

He stayed on top of me and once he could talk he whispered, "I'm sorry, Shannon. That couldn't have been much fun for you."

I hugged him and replied, "Honey, I didn't expect to cum. But I'm having a ball. I love fucking you. Nobody lasts very long their first few times. Sex is just too much fucking fun. I'm sure we'll get another chance. If not today then soon."

He leaned down and kissed me. Then he said, "I always thought you were hot, Shannon. But I always thought you were a bitch."

He looked embarrassed to admit it.

I smiled as he continued, "I'm sorry I was so wrong about you. You are the nicest girl I know."

I replied, "You weren't wrong, Jason. I was a bitch. My new master is correcting my bad habits."

We were beginning to become aware of the impatient crowd around us again. Jason kissed me one more time and said, "Thank you."

Then he got up and stepped back. The other boys just stood around me in a circle, not quite sure what to do next. Finally, one of the boys edged a little closer and asked nervously, "What about us?"

I smiled and asked, "What are you waiting for?"

Still no one moved. The boy who had spoken asked, "Really?"

I grinned at him and got up on my knees in front of him. I reached out and pulled him a little closer and while I pulled his trunks down I asked, "Have you decided which way you want to do it yet?"

He was blushing furiously as his hard cock came into view. He stammered, "Hell yeah! I want to ... I mean can we ... aw shit! I want to fuck you! Can I?"

It was hard not to laugh in his face. I was not much older than these boys but there was a huge gulf between us none the less. I felt so much more mature and I realized that that was due in large part to the things that had happened to me since last Friday. I had changed a lot since Paul had put a bag over my head and thrown me in the trunk of his car.

I wrapped my hand around the boys slime covered dick and said, "That's what I'm here for. Let's do it!"

I pulled him around to the end of the mattress by his dick and then I stretched out on my back, spread my legs, and raised my arms to welcome him aboard.

He came almost as soon as his cock was inside of me. But he stayed hard and I whispered, "That one doesn't count. Let's keep going."

That was all the encouragement he needed. He lasted a little longer the second time, but not much. He was forced to get off after his second orgasm by the impatient throng of horny boys watching every move we made.

The next two boys were on me as soon as the coast was clear and both of them lasted just about as long. I thought it might speed things up if we did this two at a time so when the third boy finished and got up I asked someone to toss me a towel.

I used the towel to clean my thighs and my crotch and then I got up on my hands and knees and soon there was a line formed at both ends. It went on and on for a very long time. It was early evening before all of the boys had finally been totally satisfied. I didn't keep track of who was doing what. I know that I had sex with Jason twice more before it ended. I don't know if I ended up satisfying all of them four times, but I was exhausted long before they finished fucking me and I was getting very sore.

I had gone through half a dozen towels by the time Paul came over and gently helped me to my feet. He guided me to the outside shower and after I rinsed off, Jason helped me inside so that I could take a real shower with soap and shampoo. He was even nice enough to join me in the shower and help me get cleaned up.

By the time we got back outside and I joined the men at the table, a few of the boys were floating around in the pool talking quietly but most of them had gone home. Once I was seated, Jason turned to his father and said, "Dad, that was the best birthday present ever. I swear to you, I'll never give you a hard time about anything again."

Jim laughed and said, "Bullshit! But you are entirely welcome."

Jason smiled mischievously and said, "It makes me wonder what you are going to do next year when Gina turns sixteen."

Jim laughed again and replied, "Not this!"

We all laughed at that.

Paul asked, "You liked your birthday present?"

Jason exclaimed, "Hell yeah!"

He looked at Paul curiously for a moment and Paul asked, "What's the matter?"

Jason blushed and answered, "Shannon said you are her master?"

Paul nodded.

Jason blushed again and glanced at his father before saying, "I don't know if she was kidding or not, or how you feel about it. But she said earlier that I might be able to arrange for her to give me lessons. I mean, well, you know ... sex lessons. Please, don't get mad. I had to ask."

Paul laughed and turned to me. He asked, "Really? You offered him sex lessons?"

I shrugged and said, "I'm not sure you could say I offered. I said that he might be able to talk you into it. After all, it isn't up to me who fucks me."

Paul turned to Jim and asked, "How do you feel about your son taking sex lessons from my cunt?"

Jim shrugged and replied, "I don't mind. I wish someone had taught me what the hell I was doing when I was his age. It took me years to figure it out. He could do worse. She is one hell of a fuck!"

Jason realized that his father had just admitted to fucking me and he cocked an eyebrow at him. Jim shrugged and said, "Is that a problem for you?"

Jason smiled and said, "Hell no. I can't blame you. She is hot! Besides, I have to be grateful that you talked her master into letting me have her for my birthday. Don't worry. I'm not going to tell anyone."

Paul said, "I suppose we can work something out. But just for you, Jason. Don't mention this to your friends."

Jason looked like he was going to explode. He exclaimed, "Hot damn! I swear, mister, I won't tell a soul!"

Paul smiled and said, "My name is Paul. If you are going to be fucking my cunt I suppose we should be addressing each other by our first names. Your father has my phone number. We'll work out a time for your lessons later. Right now she has to do something about poor Craig before we go."

Damn! I thought I was finished! Oh well. I guess I can handle one more. I looked at Craig and meekly asked, "What can I do for you, kind sir?"

He smiled and replied, "I'm not the exhibitionist that you and the others are. If no one minds, I'd rather that you join me in my bedroom for a little while."

I shrugged and said, "That's fine with me. But are you sure you want me in there? Your wife might detect something later and you know that women don't have a sense of humor about that sort of thing."

He grinned and said, "I'm a widower. The only ones that will know are right here in this yard."

I felt stupid then. I blushed and said, "Oh! I'm sorry. I didn't know."

He smiled and said, "No, of course you didn't. It's okay. My wife died a long time ago. You get over it, eventually. You don't forget. But you move on."

I stood up and went around the table and took his hand. I smiled and said, "Let's go find somewhere quiet and make out for a while."

Craig got to his feet and led me inside. We went to his bedroom where I helped him undress. He was a little younger than the other men. I guessed his age at around forty, maybe even a few years young than that. He was fit and not bad looking. I might have enjoyed this more if I hadn't just been gangbanged by a large group of teenage boys. But it hadn't been so bad. I was pretty sure I could handle one more cock.

When Craig was undressed he pulled the covers down on his bed and we climbed in. Unlike all of the boys I had just satisfied, Craig made love to me. He was gentle and tender. He touched me lightly with his fingers and he kissed me affectionately. We didn't talk, but we certainly became better acquainted.

It was a pleasant change from the hours of frantic pounding. We kissed and touched and after a while I started kissing my way down his trim body to his cock. He had a nice smooth, totally unremarkable cock. Not too big, not too small, just right. Goldilocks would have loved it.

I had no trouble sucking it down and it was quickly obvious that he didn't do this often. He came almost as quickly as the boys I had just outlasted. I was really enjoying myself though. I had found lately that I really loved being a talented cocksucker! I loved being responsible for all of that pleasure. I can't deny that I also enjoyed the feeling of power I got when I was doing it. But then, I had changed my mind about a lot of things in the last three days.

I held Craig's cock in my mouth after he came. He lay there panting and mumbling, "Oh my god! You sweet, sweet bitch! I'm going to have to see about having you cloned!"

Meanwhile, I was teasing his cock back to full erection so that we could move on to the second act. It wasn't difficult at all.

Once his cock was rock hard again I moved up over him and lined it up with my pussy. I sat down on it as he lay there watching me. I slowly eased my pussy down around it and as I did he gasped and reached up and cupped my breasts in his strong hands. His face was a perfect picture of died and gone to heaven. He started whispering, "God, Shannon! Your pussy is so fucking hot! Oh god! It's been so long! Sweet Jesus, girl! What are you doing to me?!"

I leaned over and rested my hands on his muscular chest and began to slowly move up and down on top of him. His hands slid down my sides and came to rest on my thighs. He moved his fingertips around my pussy, teasing me as I picked up speed.

He lasted much longer this time. He was easy to read. He stared at my breasts as they swayed with my rapidly accelerating strokes and his hands started to clamp down on my thighs. I leaned over a little more and we stared into each other's eyes. I smiled down at him and I began to fuck him as fast as I could.

He started swearing, but his words were quickly becoming unintelligible. I knew he was going to cum soon and that was fine with me, because I was too. I don't know if he was paying that much attention to what was happening with me or if it was just a lucky accident. But just before he came his fingers began to tease my clit and that was just what I needed to put me over the top.

I started cumming and my pussy clamped down on his cock. That sent him right over the edge too and we got a little wild there for a minute before it finally ended.

He pulled me down on top of him and put his arms around me. We kissed passionately and then he just held me tight and whispered, "You sweet bitch! If there is ever anything I can to do repay you for this, I am forever in your debt."

I kissed his neck and quietly responded, "I'd say we were even. But I'll keep you in mind if I want to go for another pony ride."

He chuckled and said, "You can ride this old pony any fucking time you want, kid. For a teasing bitch, you certainly are a very nice young lady."

I laughed quietly and said, "Haven't you heard? I took the cure! Paul beat it out of me. He built a whole new me!"

Craig said, "I wonder if he could build another one for me?"

I answered truthfully, "I'm not sure. I think that this was a happy accident. This was not the result that he intended. Or at least, not entirely. There have been some unexpected complications."

Craig asked, "Oh? Like what?"

I shrugged and said, "Just some silly emotions. We weren't counting on that, or on me being so fucking easy."

Craig looked at me strangely for a moment and finally I asked, "What?"

He answered with just a hint of incredulity in his voice, "I don't get it. You are falling for him. When we were talking earlier I could tell that he had strong feelings for you. Why are you doing this?"

I sighed and tried to explain. "It's complicated. It started out that he was going to punish me for being a tease. I think the problem started when I didn't feel like it was a punishment. We have both come to realize that we enjoy this sort of thing. It turns us both on. And I think, too, that we have learned that the person we didn't like on Friday morning wasn't necessarily the person that we thought they were. If you can follow that. And I will be the first to admit that there has been a major change in who I am since Friday afternoon. You wouldn't have liked me then. It's only been three days and already I don't like who I was then."

I finally rolled off of him and we got up and took a quick shower. I waited for Craig to put his clothes back on and then we went back out to the pool. Paul stood up and got ready to leave but Craig invited us to stay for pizza. We didn't have any plans so we spent the rest of the evening eating pizza, drinking beer and wine and talking. We all had a good time and I think we all got pretty close as we talked and joked. I even went ahead and gave Jim a nice blowjob so he could relax.

We finally left at around nine in the evening. We were quiet on the way home. I was thinking about what had happened today. The prospect of having sex with all of those young boys had been daunting when I first realized what I was there for. But it had actually been pretty exciting. I wouldn't want to do it again, at least not with that many boys. But it was fun.

What struck me most though, was that even after spending an afternoon as a fuck toy for that many boys, when I was sitting around later with Paul, Jim, Craig, Jason, and Craig's son Ken, I had been treated with respect and included in the conversation as an equal. The sexual tension had been dissipated and we all just sat around and talked like mature adults.

I was the only one that was naked all evening. But no one seemed to pay much attention once they had been satisfied.

Paul hadn't had sex with me yet. But every other man and boy that had been there had. I turned to Paul and looked at his handsome face. He noticed me watching him and asked, "What, Shannon? What's your question?"

I was almost afraid to tell him what I was wondering. I might not like the answer. But finally I asked, "I'm new at this slut thing. There is something that I don't understand. You and Jim and Craig watched me being gangbanged all afternoon. Then everyone but you had sex with me. Yet all evening as we sat around that table and talked you were all friendly and treated me with respect. How can you treat a woman with respect after what you saw me do tonight?"

He glanced back over at me and smiled. He thought about his answer for a few minutes and then he said, "There are a lot of variables to consider. A lot of men, and probably most of those boys that fucked you this afternoon, would not be able to separate who you are from what you did. They probably would dismiss you as a slut, an easy fuck and someone to be looked down upon."

"Those people are narrow minded idiots. Probably a bunch of bible thumpers that haven't had an original thought in their entire lives. They wait for someone else to tell them how to think and what to feel. If a man is mature and secure in his own masculinity, and if he has an ounce of imagination, he realizes that monogamy is an unnatural practice concocted by religious zealots as one of their many ploys to exert control over the masses."

"Most men are very voyeuristic. They enjoy looking at attractive women, and the less those women are wearing the better. They enjoy watching sex acts. And I'll tell you a little secret that women aren't supposed to know. Those of us who get a kick out of watching our women have sex with others get a feeling of power from it. Not just the power to control a woman's sexuality, which is fun for its own sake. But the power that we derive from seeing the lust that another man has for our woman. That puffs up our own fragile egos."

"But it is a pretty complicated subject and I find that it is best not to over think it. Just accept it and enjoy it."

"I think, though, that the heart of your question is, 'How do I feel about you after what I have seen you do?'"

He was right about that. It seemed like suddenly there was only one opinion that mattered to me.

He reached over and put his hand over mine on the armrest between us and said, "I am not troubled in the least by what I saw you do today. In fact, it turned me on. And yes, I did get a bit of a power rush from being able to control you and from seeing all of those other males want you and be stunned by your amazing beauty and your sexuality. You were not in the least diminished in my eyes by what you did today or any other day since Friday. You never could be."

"I am still, however, troubled by the difference in our ages. In the back of my mind there is always the nagging thought that you should be with a man more your own age. Someone you can plan on spending a long, happy life with. It was never my plan to do more than teach you a lesson when I kidnapped you. I never intended to fall in love with you."

He had used the "L" word again! He loves me! He thinks I'm beautiful! For a moment I was so excited that I couldn't respond! I knew that if you wanted to scare some men to death you need only tell them you loved them. He said that he had fallen in love with me! And he didn't say it to get laid. And he didn't say it because I said it and he felt that he had to respond. Okay Shannon, get a grip! Don't go getting all gushy like a silly female and blow it here!

But Christ! My heart was in my throat! He loves me! What do I say?! I can't just ignore it.

I lifted his hand to my lips and kissed it and I suddenly realized that I had tears in my eyes. I quickly lowered our hands and turned to look out the window. I didn't want him to see that. Oh god! He loves me!

We were back at his house then and he pulled into the garage and shut off the engine. Then he turned in his seat and pulled me into his arms and kissed me. I lost it then. I threw my arms around him and started crying like a baby.

He is a smart man. He knew why I was crying. He didn't have to ask. He knew that I was crying because I adore him and he had told me that he loved me and I would probably never again in my life be as happy as I was in this instant.

I had a couple of crushes in high school. I might even have thought that I was in love. But to be honest, the only one that I had ever loved was me. That was over now. Now I loved. No, this went way beyond love. I adored this strong, handsome, intelligent, intuitive older man more than I could ever put into words.

He held me like that for a long time before he finally said, "I don't know about you, but I'd rather do this in bed. And we have to go to work tomorrow. So get your nasty ass out of my car, cunt!"

That sweet talker! He knows just what to say to make a girl feel good. I bit his earlobe and then got out of the car.

We went straight up to bed. We read for about an hour and then turned the lights out. I lay beside him in bed in the dark with my head on his shoulder and my hand on his chest and finally I couldn't keep it inside of me any longer. I kissed his chest and moved my hand over it and whispered, "Paul, I adore you. I know that you are concerned about our ages. I'm not. I don't care. Besides, you don't know. You could outlive me. I could get hit by a bus or a comet or something."

He pulled me tight against him. He was quiet for a while and then he asked, "What about children?"

A lot had changed in my life in the last three days. One thing had not. I was not the maternal type. I had no desire to reproduce and I never had. I answered, "I prefer cats."

He chuckled softly and said, "Me too."

Epilogue

The next morning I got up and headed for the shower but Paul stopped me. He dragged me down to the pool and we swam laps for fifteen minutes. This was going to take some getting used to. But at least I was wide awake when we finished our swim.

We took a long shower together and dressed and went back downstairs for coffee. I was wearing a revealing dress. All of my clothes were revealing. But now I was wearing it without underwear.

We sipped our coffee and I waited for him to give me a hint about what was going to happen when we got to work. I was pretty certain that it wasn't going to be business as usual.

Paul didn't say anything about what he had planned and I was a little nervous about asking. But nothing really mattered to me now. Only that warm feeling I got every time I thought back to last night and hearing Paul say that he loved me.

I knew that things were going to change at work today. I was pretty certain that he had something in mind for me. He was still going to humiliate me. But now he would do it because he loved me and because it amused him. Not to hurt me or punish me. And I knew that although I would be humiliated, I would also enjoy the things that he made me do.

Even though I was nervous, I felt the sexual tension building as Paul drove us to the office. I realized that, nervousness aside, I was excited. I was looking forward to whatever the game turned out to be. I couldn't help being a little worried about my future with the firm. I would hate to lose my job if it turned out that Mr. Bush didn't like the games we played. But it didn't matter. I knew that I would do whatever Paul asked of me.

When we got to the office I saw that we were not the first to arrive. Mr. Bush was already there. He was usually the first one to arrive. Mrs. Carson was there too. So were three of the other ten architects.

We went inside and Paul led me straight to Mr. Bush's office. He tapped on the door and Mr. Bush looked up and smiled. He invited us in and when he saw me Mr. Bush said, "Shannon! I was worried about you when I saw your car out front and the office was still locked up. Is everything alright?"

I started to respond but Paul said, "She spent the weekend with me. I decided to teach her some manners."

Mr. Bush sat back in his chair and grinned. I felt a little better when I saw the grin but I was still nervous about how this was going to turn out.

Mr. Bush prompted, "Some manners?"

Paul said, "Yeah. I got tired of the damned tease act. I figured if she was going to go around showing everyone her underclothes and giving them a hard on, hell, she might as well be the office slut. She'll make a hell of perk, don't you think?"

Mr. Bush looked at me and asked Paul, "How did that work out?"

Paul smiled and said, "Shannon, get up and close the door and take your dress off."

I got up on shaky legs and closed the door as ordered. I turned back to face Mr. Bush and started fumbling with the top button on my dress. I could see that Mr. Bush was waiting anxiously for me to continue. But I still had a question about my future here. I asked, "Mr. Bush. Am I going to get fired when this is over with? I need this job."

Mr. Bush laughed and said, "Hell, I don't know. I'm just the office manager. Ask Paul. He owns the damned place."

I almost fainted when I thought back to all the time I had spent tormenting, or trying to torment Paul in his cubicle! I turned to face Paul. He was sitting there with a straight face, looking just as innocent as could be.

I laughed out loud and then I exclaimed, "Mr. Bush was only a figure head! You sneaky son of a bitch!"

He laughed too and responded, "You know that little remark is going to get you a whipping, don't you?"

I felt a thrill shoot right through my body when he said that and suddenly I realized that I was looking forward to it! And it wasn't just because I wanted to please him. I didn't understand it. I wasn't the kind of person that got off on being hurt. But something about the idea of submitting to him like that really excited me.

I said, "You don't scare me!" and I tried to hide my grin. I wasn't very successful.

My fingers returned to the buttons that went down the front of my dress. In a very short time I was naked. Paul stood up and said, "Do whatever you want to the bitch and then have her get cleaned up and go around to all of the men in the office and make up for all of the teasing she has done since she started working here. I have work to do."

For the next half hour I did everything I could to satisfy the lusts of Mr. Bush. To be honest, I don't know how good a manager he was, but he was a terrible lover. I managed to suck him off once and then get him hard enough to fuck me as I bent over his desk. He wasn't very effective, if you know what I mean. But he enjoyed fucking me and I guess that was what was important.

When he was finished and I stood before him putting my dress back on I said, "Someone is going to have to have a talk with Mrs. Carson. She may not like me spending a lot of time at my additional duties."

Mr. Bush smiled and said, "I'll take care of her. But if I were you I wouldn't worry too much about what she thinks. She has been trying to get you fired for months so I don't imagine her opinion of you can get much lower."

I laughed and said, "That's reassuring."

I spent most of my day going from cubicle to cubicle making it up to the guys for all of the times I had teased them mercilessly. Mrs. Carson tried her best to make me feel like a tramp. But fuck her! I was having a ball.

I live with Paul now. I let my apartment go and donated what little furniture I had acquired to Goodwill. We have talked about getting married from time to time. But we aren't in a hurry. We know that we have found our mates and a piece of paper isn't that important to us. I imagine we'll marry eventually. It isn't that he doesn't want to. It's more like we just aren't in a hurry.

My parents were a little put out when they learned that my fiancé was nearly old enough to be their father. But once they got to know him, and once they found out that he was rich, they became more accepting.

I still dress like a slut. In fact, Paul took me to Sweet Nothings and bought me an entirely new wardrobe of scandalous clothes. We bought everything but underwear. We saw some pretty underwear on display, but so far we both like me better without it.

I have been giving lessons to Jason about once a week. Jim brings him over and drops him off for a couple of hours. He has become the most accomplished sixteen year old lover on the planet but we are having a good time so we are keeping up the lessons. Besides, it gives Jim an excuse to come over and get laid.

I've been back to Craig's house a couple of times for smaller parties. I even entertained at Ken's birthday party. But we all agreed that the first one was too much so we keep them down to eight to ten boys at a time.

We go back to the strip club about once a month. We both get real turned on by it but we don't want to do it too often. The less we do it the more fun it is. I started trying to learn a routine once but Paul stopped me. He wants me to keep my amateur status.

I have become an avid reader. I finished "Dune" and never stopped. Paul suggested that I take a few evening classes at college, just to see if I had changed my mind about an education. I have been thinking about it. I don't need a degree. But I might take some classes just to become a better informed young slut.


Pages: Prev | 1 | 2 | Next

Your opinion is important:
Share with the others what you think about
"A Teaser Taught a Lesson"
     
Switch to Expanded voting form
The End
Posted: 2008-08-14
Last Modified: 2009-03-30 / 12:45:03 pm
Version: 1.10
Send feedback to author
Home - Top « Vulgus's Page Feedback to author


