 
Home | Night Wolf's Page
Ahead of the Game
A Ahead of the Game Story
by Night Wolf
Copyright© 2002 by Night Wolf

clitoride award for best mind control story for 2002

Among the many authors I've read and for whom I consider my greatest influences, I would have to count Gambit and Net Wolf as the most influential to this story.
Intro

Jeff turned over and looked at the clock. "Shit!! I overslept," he yelled, as he leaped out of bed. The sixteen year-old raced to the bathroom for his shower as he mumbled under his breath. As he waited for the shower to get warm, he glanced in the mirror. The boy he saw looking back was average looking, with long black hair and hazel eyes. He was 6'3" and in good shape.

As he climbed into the shower he couldn't help but think back to the dream he had the night before. In it he saw ruins of cities with bodies strewn around. It still gave him chills down his spine as he remembered how clear it was to him. He hurried with his shower and climbed out, vigorously drying his hair, as he walked into his room. He grabbed his favorite black jeans and red pullover shirt and quickly put them on.

As he walked out of his room, he narrowly missed colliding with his seventeen year-old sister, Holly. She was a beautiful girl, with blonde hair and the clearest blue eyes that Jeff had ever seen. Where Jeff was tall, Holly was only 5'3". She was blessed with a great figure, which Jeff appreciated every time he saw her. He smiled as he walked by her and was suddenly startled when she winked up at him. "What the fuck was that all about", he mused as he continued down the stairs. At the bottom of the stairs he dashed into the kitchen to see if his mother had left any notes. When he saw there were none he left for school, with no idea of what lay ahead not only for the day, but also from that day forward.




 
Home | Night Wolf's Page « Ahead of the Game Index
Chapter 1
Posted: November 14, 2003 - 02:27:56 pm

Jeff whistled happily as he stepped out the door to go to school. He glanced back and yelled, "Hey Holly, get with it, we're going to be late."

"I'm hurrying Jeff," she gasped as she caught up to her brother. Jeff smiled as he looked at his sister, he always enjoyed their walks together and today was no exception. She had looked up to him as her protector ever since that day 4 years ago when he had busted that bully's nose for calling her a bitch. She had never forgotten the look in his eyes afterwards, they were full of love and tenderness for his little sister, but she could also see the loathing he had for the bastard that lay bleeding behind them. They walked silently to school as Jeff worried about the dream the night before. "Why was he having a dream like that, when he normally only dreamt about girls" he wondered. Holly noticed her brother was not himself that morning as she took advantage of that to gaze adoringly at her younger sibling. "If only he wasn't my brother", she sighed. If Jeff had known her thoughts, he would have been shocked and scared since he had the very same thoughts about his sister.

When they arrived at school, Jeff held the door open as his sister went in ahead of him. She smiled up at him and said "See you after school, little bro." He laughed and went to his locker, ready for another day of learning. Just as Jeff was turning away from his locker, he felt the hairs on the back of his neck stand up. He knew someone was watching him, but with all the kids in the halls, he couldn't pinpoint any particular person that might be watching him. The feeling left him so he just figured that it wasn't important and put it out of his mind. He walked into his English Lit class and stopped short. Instead of the pudgy Mr. Wills, he had been seeing all year, there was a very young, VERY sexy woman standing at the front of the class. "Well, looks like this is going to be a great day", he mused as he took his seat.

Just then, the bell rang as the last student was hurrying through the door. The pretty girl standing in front of the class peered over her desk and said, "Good morning class, my name is Miss Hunter. Please take your seats." Jeff smiled as he watched the anxious expression flit across her face then was replaced by a beautiful smile when she glanced at him. Jeff turned red as she looked at him for what seemed 10 minutes, but was only three seconds at most.

"What did I do to deserve that?" he wondered as he opened his book. The rest of the class went by normally until the end when her soft voice called his name, " Jeffrey Linden, would you stay for just a moment? I need to talk to you."

"Now what," he wondered as he walked to her desk. "Yes, maam?" he said when he had reached her desk.

"I was supposed to give this to you" she said as she held out an odd ring.

"To me?" he said, "Why?"

The pretty redhead shrugged her shoulders and said "I'm not allowed to tell you that. All I CAN tell you is when you put it on, you will know."

Jeff started feeling uncomfortable, "Is this some kind of joke?" he wondered as she dropped it into his hand. "Don't put it on here, wait till you're home" he was cautioned.

"I will answer any other questions you may have tomorrow." Jeff looked at the ring, and then slipped it into his pocket. He walked out of the room and on to his next class.

By the time Jeff got home that night, he had forgotten all about the ring till he was getting ready for bed. When he had taken off his jeans and was about to put them in the hamper, the ring fell out of his pocket. He picked up the ring and looked closely at it. The ring had an odd insignia on it, but other than that it was just like any other ring... or so he thought. He slipped the ring onto his finger and suddenly he began to get a tingle in his head. "What the hell?????? " The feeling disappeared and the boy decided to just go to sleep and ask Miss Hunter about it the next morning. Just as he was about to turn off the light, Holly walked in, her perky tits pushing her nightgown to its limits. Jeff thought, "Wow, I wish I could feel those against me. " Holly's eyes glazed for a moment then she started walking toward her brother. As she reached him she put her arms around him and pressed her chest against Jeff's chest. The feeling overwhelmed the boy as his cock grew into a bar of iron. He jumped back and said "Did you need something sis?"

She looked odd for just a moment and said "Yeah, but I don't remember now, I will probably remember in the morning." When she hurried out of the room, Jeff watched her with a dumbfounded look on his face. As he began to get into bed, the boy had no idea what lay in store for him.

"Oh Jeff, fuck me harder, I have to have you deep inside me! Ung yeah, just like that."

At that moment Jeff woke up in a cold sweat. "What the hell is going on, I can't be dreaming about my own sister," thought the boy. He raced to the shower, but instead of waiting for it to warm up, he dove in. After the freezing shower had calmed him down, he began to try to sort it out in his mind. "First I feel weird yesterday, then I get that ring..." The ring!!! Jeff looked down at his hand, but the ring was gone. "Oh no, I was supposed to talk to Miss Hunter about it and it's gone. Now, what do I do?" Jeff ran back to his room and looked all over, but there was no ring. He decided to tell her the truth and hope she wouldn't be too upset with him. Jeff gathered his books and went downstairs and found his mother Janine there. "What are you doing home, mom?" he asked.

"It's Tuesday, you know I always get Tuesday's and Wednesday's off," she told him.

"Oh yeah, sorry mom, I didn't sleep real good last night," he said. He looked at his mother; at 40 she still looked great. With blonde hair, blue eyes and a trim but curvy body she had turned many a man's head. He started getting erect again, so he hurried out the door to go to school. "Now I'm getting those thoughts about my mom. What the hell is wrong with me," he wondered. He decided to call to his sister so they could be on their way, "Hey, Holly. Let's go so we aren't late today, ok?"

About that time his cute sister walked out, "ok, ok what's the hurry anyway? It's just school," she said with a laugh. She glanced at her brother, "What's the problem bro? You look like you stayed up all night." When she looked closer she took a step back. His eyes!! They had changed to a deep blue. "Your eyes, what happened to your eyes," she asked.

"Nothing sis, c'mon let's get to school," he said as he picked up his pace and began hurrying to get to school to solve the mystery of the disappearing ring.

When Jeff arrived at school, the sense of foreboding was even worse. He still sensed something watching him, but he also sensed something else, the calm before the storm. The boy walked into his English Lit class and almost ran into the very person he was looking for. "Good morning Jeff, sleep well?" she asked.

As the young man turned a bright red, the beautiful redhead smiled softly at him. "No, ma'am I was having all sorts of really weird dreams," he replied.

"Yes, I can imagine you might have, would you like to tell me about them," she asked.

"No, they were just weird," was his blushful answer. "I see, well did you try using the ring," she asked. The shamefaced boy couldn't look his lovely teacher in the eye as he admitted, "I lost the ring, Miss Hunter."

The teacher laughed for a moment then told him "You didn't lose the ring, your body absorbed it."

"What do you mean absorbed it?" he asked.

"That's the property of the Oberon Ring, the rightful owner absorbs it, only to reappear 500 years later. I'm to be your guide to learn the powers," she told him.

"Powers?" he gasped.

"Yes the ring gives its owner special powers, and I have been sent to teach them all to you," she told him. As she studied his expression she told him " Meet me here after school, and you will begin your lessons."

Jeff walked through his classes in a daze, trying to figure out what she meant by lessons. As the last bell rang, he caught up to Holly and told her, "I need to stay after school, Miss Hunter said she wanted to go over some lessons with me."

Holly wondered at this as her brother was usually one of the tops in his class, but she told him "Ok, bro, will I see you at home?"

"Yeah, I don't think I will be too late," he replied. The girl leaned up to him and kissed him softly on the lips, causing the boy to wonder just what was going to happen next.

"See ya at home bro," she told him as she walked away, wiggling her ass sexily at him.

As Jeff walked into his English Lit classroom, he was stunned when he heard "Can you hear this," echoing in his brain. "What the hell," he wondered as he looked around. All he saw was his teacher sitting in her chair, but her mouth wasn't moving.

At the stunned expression on his face, his teacher told him, " I see you heard that, and no, I didn't speak." "This will be your first lesson, communicating telepathically." Jeff practiced for an hour, before Miss Hunter told him, "Ok, That will be enough for today, we will start again tomorrow. I'm going to get you cleared to skip your classes and we will begin your training more seriously."

"Miss Hunter..." he started, but his teacher told him

"When we're alone, call me Leandra, it will make it easier for both of us" As the boy began to walk out, she told him, " I think you deserve a reward for your hard work," and with that she began removing her blouse. Jeff gaped as he saw Leandra's perky tits peeking over a red, lacy bra. Although they weren't the size of some of the centerfolds he had seen, they were still perfect to his teenaged mind. She removed her skirt and stood before him in only her panties and her bra, then asked him, "Aren't you going to join me?" The boy hurriedly began removing his shirt and jeans and stood before her with his erection straining to be released. She gently reached down and rubbed it as she purred, "it looks like you're ready to show your appreciation, I want you to let me know what you want by telling me telepathically."

"I would like..." began Jeff, but at the look from his mentor, Jeff stopped and then thought "ok, she wants me to do this telepathically... let's try this her way." At that, the boy began seeing the erotic pleasures awaiting him. When he imagined the sexy teacher sucking his cock, she immediately dropped to her knees and gently pulled his briefs down and over his pulsing cock and down to his feet where he stepped out of them. She then began to swirl her tongue over the head of his enormous erection then gently pulled it into her mouth, where she began sucking softly and bobbing her head slowly at first, then began going faster and faster. "OH, YEAH!! That feels great," the excited boy thought. The beautiful redhead took her mouth off his cock and smiled gently at the boy and winked. She took his cock back into her mouth and began swirling her tongue on the underside as the boy began pumping in and out of her luscious lips. "I'm gonna cum," he moaned, but the teacher only began sucking harder and bobbing her head faster and faster. As the boy shot his load into her mouth, he felt guilty because he hadn't given her pleasure. He was startled, when he heard Leandra's thoughts about how happy she was to do this for him.

"I enjoyed it too," she told him as she stood up. "Tomorrow we will see if we can go even farther, but for now it's getting late and your mother will be worried about you."

"But, aren't we going to..." the boy began.

"It's almost 6'oclock and I know that your mother won't believe that you are going over lessons this late."

"How did you know... oh yeah," Jeff said as understanding dawned on him. "I forgot about the powers."

"We prefer not to call them powers actually, we call it the ability," she told him as she got dressed.

"What do you mean we," he asked her.

"I will tell you more when we meet tomorrow, now go home and get some rest, so we can continue your lessons," she explained. Jeff finished dressing and was about to leave, when he heard her voice in his head "Aren't you forgetting something," it asked.

The puzzled boy looked back as she walked slowly to him and kissed him deeply. "Oh yeah, I could get used to this," he thought.

"So could I," she laughed. "I keep forgetting about you being able to read my thoughts," he told her as he caressed her ass.

"You will be able to do that and more when we're done," she told him as she walked back to her desk. "Remember to come straight here in the morning so that we may begin your lessons in earnest," she told him.

"Ok, see you tomorrow," he told her as he walked out the door into whatever awaited him in the future.
Chapter 2
Home | Top | Night Wolf's Page |   Feedback to author


 
Home | Night Wolf's Page « Ahead of the Game Index « Previous
Chapter 2
Posted: November 14, 2003 - 02:27:56 pm

Jeff hurried home, hoping his mother and sister weren't too worried about him. He had always made his mother proud of him. He was a very responsible boy and never caused his mother to worry about him. As he walked into the house he called "Mom, I'm home." He walked into the kitchen and asked her," Anything I can do to help you?"

"No, I have it finished now, why don't you call your sister and wash up, then we can eat."

Jeff walked up the stairs and knocked on his sister's door, "Dinner's ready sis, mom asked me to call..." Jeff stopped as he opened her door and saw her frantically pulling up her panties. "Damn, I'm sorry sis," the red-faced boy said as he backed out of the room. He rushed into the bathroom to avoid seeing how mad his sister must be. As he began to calm down, the sight of his sister's bare cunt began to make his cock stir. "I must be going crazy, I shouldn't think about fucking my own sister, but her pussy looks so sweet." Jeff splashed water on his face, hoping the cold spray would help ease the tension in him. Jeff dreaded walking down the stairs and facing his sister, but he knew if he didn't that his mother would send Holly after him and he didn't want to have to be alone the first time he saw her afterwards.

To Jeff's surprise, Holly wasn't mad; she even smiled when he walked into the kitchen. "Hurry up bro," she told him with a smile, " mom and I were about to start without you." Throughout the quiet dinner, Jeff avoided looking at his sister, he was afraid of the recrimination he would see in her eyes, and he didn't like the thought of ever having his sister mad at him.

If the boy had ever tried to read his sister's thoughts he would have been completely surprised, not only was she not mad at her brother, she had planned the little show she had 'accidentally' given him. The beautiful girl had been masturbating while thinking about her brother when he knocked on her door, and she was now afraid that she would never be able to experience the fantasies she had been having of her little brother. When the girl came out of her daydream, she noticed that her mother and brother were both finished eating, so she carried her dishes to the sink and rinsed them before she put them in the dishwasher.

Holly wandered to her room to continue making plans to seduce her brother while at the same time; Jeff was wondering what he was going to do about his growing obsession with his sister. "I can't be having these thoughts about my own sister" he thought, as he began changing for bed. As he wandered into the bathroom, he reflected on his day and decided to get to bed quickly so he would be ready for the day ahead of him.

"Holy shit, Detroit too? That's the sixth city already," he cried out as he woke up in a cold sweat. That was the most realistic dream yet. The eerie silence as he wandered through the streets unnerved him as he got out of bed. "Why do I keep having these dreams," he wondered as he headed to the shower. As he walked by the mirror, he had to do a double take. His eyes had turned ICY BLUE! As his eyes traveled down the rest of his body he noticed a definition in his muscles that had not been there before. "What the hell is going on, first I start having all these weird dreams, now my body seems to be changing. What's going to happen next," he wondered as he stepped into the shower.

The boy quickly cleaned himself and got out of the shower with his thoughts still on all the recent happenings going on around him. As he stepped out of the bathroom into the hall, he bumped into his sister. As he reached out to steady her and himself, he forgot the towel he had wrapped around himself. Jeff quickly reached for it, but not before it had dropped to his feet. As the boy bent to retrieve his towel, he turned a bright crimson. He didn't dare look at his sister, but if he had, he would have seen the small smile that flitted across her face. She quickly backed away as the boy raced past her with a mumbled apology.

"Damn, first I walk in on her when she is pulling her panties up, now this. What else can happen," he wondered, as he began to dress. The first shirt he picked up wouldn't fit him, so he grabbed another, but with the same result. Finally tiring of this, he grabbed an old Aerosmith t-shirt and dragged it over his head. While he put on his jeans, he began wondering what Miss Hunter... no, Leandra had in store for him today. She said they were going to work on some more advanced facets of his new ability as well as possibly ending his virginal status. He had been wanting to do the latter for quite awhile, but the opportunity had never seemed to present itself. That, it seemed, was about to change.

When Jeff arrived at school, he headed straight for the classroom. When he got there he walked in, but quickly turned around when he heard the door close behind him. With a wary eye he turned toward Leandra and asked her "Did you do that?"

"Yes, and after you work at it, you will be able to do that and a lot more. Now, come with me, we have lots of work to do before you are ready for the battles you are going to be facing."

Leandra led Jeff out of the building and to a small cluster of trees. As they entered the enclosure, she paused for a second and told him, "We wont be disturbed here, I have constructed a mental shield to prevent us from being followed."

Jeff watched as Leandra began warming up, as he watched his shapely instructor, he began warming up as well. As he watched her thighs and ass bending and stretching, he began looking ahead to the day that lay ahead of him.

After 10 minutes of very strenuous warm ups, Leandra stood up and told the boy, "Ok, now it's time for me to give you some history of the ring. In the year 500 A.D., the great magician Merlin, created the Oberon Ring. With it, the owner is granted what we call Psionic Powers. Once the ring is on its rightful owner, it can never be removed except at death. You will begin noticing other changes as well. I'm sure you've noticed the change in your eye color, and the muscle conditioning in your body is going to improve every day.

"What other changes are there going to be, and why did my eyes change colors like that?

"Let me continue, all these changes come about because the ring is preparing your mind and body for the great battle ahead. You are going to be facing the greatest challenge this world has seen in 500 years. You are not ready for this battle which is why I have been sent to help guide you."

"What battle? You keep saying a great battle, but what do you mean? Who will I be fighting, and will I have to fight by myself?"

"I'm not allowed to tell you who you will be fighting, but, I can tell you that you will have some of the greatest warriors the world has ever seen, fighting beside you. These warriors will take their orders from you, but you must be physically and mentally ready."

"From me? I'm just a kid, why would they listen to me?"

"You are no longer just a kid, you are the Oberon Warrior. You now possess GREAT abilities. I will be instructing you in the ways of the warrior both in mind and body. For now, we are going to concentrate on your psionic abilities, until your body is ready for the intense training you are going to have to undergo. Do you see that rock over by that bush?" she asked pointing to it.

"Yes"

"I want you to pick up that rock with your mind and bring it to me. I want you to imagine a hand picking it up, to carry it.

Jeff closed his eye and began imagining the hand reaching out from his mind, when he opened his eyes, he saw the rock begin to move, at first it barely moved, but as he gained confidence, he noticed it moving more. He watched the rock, slowly rise from the ground, then as he visualized the rock going to Leandra, he watched the rock follow suit. "I did it," he exclaimed, " I really did it."

"Yes, but that was just to show you that you could do it, you are going to be working on bigger objects now. I want you to pick up the tree that the rock was next to, you will have to focus more, but you have seen that it will work."

Jeff lifted trees, rocks, and even Leandra, before he began getting tired.

"Ok, take a break, you are doing remarkably well, for a beginner, I thought this would take all day for you to learn this, and its only been a couple of hours. If you keep this up, you will have learned all I can teach you in just a few days. I thought it would take at least 2 or 3 months, but you are a natural. You will find your... Hey, what are you doing," she laughed as she felt her jacket being removed from her.

"I'm just doing what you taught me," he told her as he used his extension to lay her jacket on the bush beside her.

"Well, that's certainly a creative way to use your abilities," she laughed as she felt her blouse being unbuttoned. "What do you have in mind?"

"I just thought we could continue what we started yesterday, " he said as he imagined, then saw her blouse joining her jacket on the bush.

Leandra walked up to the boy and wound her arms around his neck. Jeff leaned down to kiss her softly, but she had other ideas as she pressed herself closer to him and flicked her tongue out to meet the boy's searching tongue. As she pressed her nearly nude breasts to his chest, he reached down and grabbed her firm ass cheeks. At the feel of the boy's hands on her ass, she began grinding her pelvis into his. Jeff began trailing kisses down her neck as he reached behind his teacher to unfasten the dainty white bra she was wearing. He continued searching for the fasteners until she backed away from him and unclasped the bra in the front. Leandra smiled gently at the boy as she began tugging at the bottom of the boy's shirt, anxiously trying to pull it over his head. When she removed the offending garment, she again wrapped her arms around his neck and pulled his head down to where her snaking tongue wound its way back into the eager boy's mouth. As her taut breasts pressed against Jeff's chest, the overheated teen began feeling that newly familiar spasm begin in the pit of his stomach and wind its way out of his now spraying cock. As Jeff felt the sticky fluid filling his shorts, he gasped and shamefacedly stepped away from his teacher.

"It's ok, you're young and you will recover quickly. This way ensures that the edge has been taken off for you and we can enjoy ourselves," his lovely partner told him as she pulled the recovering boy back to her. Leandra began kissing the boy's chest and started laving her tongue around his erect nipples. As the boy moaned, she began rubbing her hand over his semi-erect cock, which began rising under her tender caresses. When he felt himself becoming erect, the boy began palming his sexy mentor's breasts, carefully kneading them as he gently flicked the erect nipples on her orange sized breasts. As he noticed the splotches of red spreading across her chest and her tits, he instinctively bent down to suck in the erect nipple on her right breast into his mouth, sucking on it and gently tugging on it with his teeth. He then switched to the other breast as he began reaching down to unzip and remove the medium length black skirt his sexy teacher was wearing. As he watched the skirt drop to form a black puddle at her feet, he noticed the bright red panties she wore, along with the matching garters that held up the sexy black see-through stockings on her shapely legs.

Jeff pulled Leandra to him, but the tempting lady in front of him had other ideas. "I want to see your pants off too," she said as she got on her knees and unfastened his jeans. She slowly tugged the zipper down and then began pulling his jeans down, watching closely to make sure that she didn't hurt the turgid rod she was aching to get inside of her. As she pulled the jeans down over his hips and thighs, she gazed at the rigid pole that was hidden beneath the white briefs in front of her. Before she stood up, she kissed the raging cock that she so desperately wanted, then wrapped her arms around him and pressed her aching breasts against his broad chest and kissed him hotly, all the while rubbing her panty-clad cunt against Jeff's groin moaning softly as she felt his rigid manhood pressing against her steaming pussy.

The girl moaned softly as Jeff began kissing her again, as his hands began kneading her firm ass, as he began to get hotter and hotter, the boy reached underneath her panties and touched the flesh of a real woman's ass for the first time. He softly kneaded her firm cheeks as he pulled her panty clad cunt against his groin, beginning to dry hump her in a rhythm that foretold of the pleasures awaiting the both of them. Jeff then began trailing kisses down Leandra's neck, down to the firm globes of her glorious tits. As he laved her erect nipples with his tongue, he decided to feel a woman's pussy for the first time. As he reached down the front of her panties, he felt the heat from her hot cunt. His fingers found her puffy labia, and he noticed how slick the swollen lips were. As he began exploring the hot slit, he grazed her little nubbin of pleasure.

"OH MY GOD YES, just like that!! Please keep rubbing my clit. Ung that is so goooooooood!!!!!" she moaned as she humped her steaming pussy into his hand.

Jeff continued rubbing the swollen little nugget till Leandra pulled away from him and began yanking her panties down, tearing them as she took them off herself. The lusty redhead quickly laid down and spread her legs as wide as she could, as she gazed lewdly at him. "Please give it to me NOW, I have to feel you inside me."

As Jeff remembered the day before, he decided to treat his teacher to the same pleasure that she had given him the day before. Although he was unsure what to do, he decided to watch his teacher closely to see what she liked. He quickly laid on top of his panting partner, as he began trailing kisses on her shoulder down to the pert nipples on her heaving breasts. After he had nipped and sucked on each of the erect little buds, he began working his way downward first kissing, then licking all the way to her thighs, ignoring the sweltering honey pot between her thighs.

"Don't tease me, PLEASE!!!!!!! I have to have your cock inside me."

Jeff grinned at the teacher as he began licking his way up her thighs now, pausing here and there to plant kisses on her incredibly soft thighs. He then began to home in on the steaming gash that was waiting for him in the vee of her thighs. As his tongue grazed the little button he had found earlier with his hand, his lovely partner then began humping her groin into his increasingly wet and sticky face. He began sucking on the little nub and she began writhing and wailing as if she had been plugged into a light socket.

"Please Jeff, stick your beautiful cock in me, I have to have it. If you don't give it to me quickly I feel like I'm going to explode." Fitting actions to words, she grasped the object of her desire and led it to the promised land. Fitting the head into her steaming hole, she quickly reached behind him and placed her hands on his ass, pulling him into her. He sank quickly into her, marveling at the feel of the hot and slick vaginal walls. After he had sunk completely into her depths, he just laid there for a second to try to get used to the feel of the vise-like feel of her cunt. As Leandra began humping up at the boy, he got the idea and began slowly easing in and out of the velvety pussy under him. He began kissing her again, snaking his tongue into her mouth, dueling with her tongue, as his dick pistoned in and out of her glorious cunt. As the boy rocked in and out of her, he noticed her beginning to thrash her head back and forth, as she moaned softly. Then, as he began moving faster and faster in and out of his teacher, the moans began to get louder and louder.

"Cum for me baby, PLEASSSSSSSSSSSE, I want to feel your hot cum in me," she gasped up at him.

Jeff began pounding in and out of her hot cunt, faster and faster, then he began to feel his seed boiling up out of his balls, and out through his throbbing cock. As the boiling seed splashed inside her pussy walls, the hot redhead began spasming underneath him. She began clawing Jeff's back as she pulled him deeper into her.

As his cock continued spurting what appeared to be gallons into her now-grasping cunt, Leandra felt the waves of pleasure washing over her, getting more and more intense until she finally passed out under him.
Chapter 3
Home | Top | Night Wolf's Page |   Feedback to author


 
Home | Night Wolf's Page « Ahead of the Game Index « Previous
Chapter 3
Posted: November 14, 2003 - 02:27:56 pm

Jeff felt a presence as he began to withdraw his rapidly shrinking cock out of his unconscious instructor. He got dressed quickly and began shaking Leandra to wake her. "Hurry, get dressed, I think somebody is coming," he told her as he handed her rumpled clothes back to her. While Leandra began getting dressed Jeff scouted around the area. Finding nothing, he returned to his contented lover and sat down. He watched her as she fastened the lacy bra around the firm breasts he had tasted earlier, he could still taste the salty flavor of her. When she stood up to pull her sexy panties over her sticky, hot cunt, he remember the feel of it wrapped around his cock as he was plunging in and out of her. He decided to turn away from her before he threw her down and took her again.

"Ok, you keep talking about a battle. What kind of battle are you talking about, and what does it have to do with me," he asked her as she continued dressing.

"Remember I told you about the Oberon ring surfacing every 500 years," she began.

"Yes, you said that it was created by Merlin 1,500 years ago."

"Well, along with the ring returning, there is also a war to determine the path that mankind will take. You are the one that is destined to take the side of justice and order. The ones you will be facing... well they are the ones that are on the side of chaos. They want the earth to return to the way it was in the ancient times. However, you won't be the only one that will be fighting, remember I told you that you will be leading a band of warriors? You will find that not only are they powerful, but I believe you have heard of them. "

"A war? You mean I will have to kill someone? I can't even join the fuckin army till I'm 18, how the hell am I going to be fighting a damn war, and who are the warriors you keep talking about?"

"Don't worry about that now, I just told you that to start getting you prepared for what you are going to be facing. I've been waiting for your second instructor to show up, but until they get here, lets continue with your mental exercises. You've learned telekinesis, and telepathy, now I want to teach you something very important."

From nowhere, Leandra drew a knife and, before Jeff could even blink, she sliced the palm of her hand. Jeff stood paralyzed as he watched the blood dripping from the gaping wound. As the stunned boy continued to stare, the blood began to dry, and the once gaping began to heal.

"H-h-how did you do that," he asked her

"I simply used my mind to heal it, you will find that it will be essential to know this as you enter battle. I am going to link with your mind, I will show you what you need to know to do this."

Jeff felt an unusual tingling in his head then a strange calmness enveloped him. He could see the mindset that was needed for healing his body as well as others, but as he felt the tingling receding, he also saw... no, that was impossible to even think about. He pushed that to the back of his mind and began concentrating on seeing if he could use the new ability she had just shown him. He concentrated on his body, and began to see the blood rushing from his heart and through his veins. He found he could slow his heart and then speed it up at will. He was playing with this when he felt a sharp sting on his hand. In his mind he could see the puncture wound in his leg, and as he began working his mind around it he suddenly felt and saw the wound closing. He continued until there was no trace of the wound

"Very good, your abilities are growing faster than I could have believed," she told him as she watched the wound heal. "You should be more than ready when the time comes."

As the boy began to speak, he felt that presence again. He quickly turned around and saw a girl coming toward them. She had beautiful blonde hair and icy blue eyes, like his own. Her pouting lips looked like they smiled regularly, and her even, white teeth were showing in a lovely smile. As his eyes traveled down her body, he couldn't help gawking at her magnificent breasts. They were pert and stuck out at just the right angle for his pleasure. His cock came to life just at the sight of them. As his eyes roamed further down, he saw a slim waist that flared out to a perfectly rounded ass. Her long, sinewy legs caught his attention next, and he couldn't help but wonder what they would feel like wrapped around him. As his eyes moved back up, he noticed the strong, powerful arms extending from what appeared to be equally muscular shoulders. When his eyes returned to her face, he noticed a faint smirk, which quickly disappeared as she extended her hand to him.

"Greetings, Oberon warrior. I am Diana. We have been awaiting your arrival. It has been foretold in legends where to find you and when you would arrive."

"Waiting for me," he asked.

"Didn't mistress Leandra tell you about your destiny?"

"I haven't told him all of it yet, I was told to only tell him what he NEEDS to know. I have told him what he will be fighting for, but I haven't told him much more than that."

"I understand mistress," she said. "I am offering you my services as your instructor for the warrior arts, if you will accept me Lord." She told him as she turned to Jeff. "I will teach you all I know about using the sword if you are wanting me to teach you."

Jeff was touched by her gracious offer and told her " I would be honored to learn all you can teach me, when do we start?"

Leandra spoke up then, " I think we should begin after you have more appropriate clothing for your training. Is there anywhere we can go to buy other clothing for you?"

"Sure, we can go to the mall, there's a lot of stores there," he told her.

"That's good, we can work on another lesson for you while we're there."

As they approached the mall, sounds of people talking and music blaring drifted to them, beckoning them to come through the doors. As they entered, the sound echoed throughout the place.

"Ok, now we begin one of your most difficult training assignments," Leandra told Jeff as she glanced around her. "You need to pick a subject and control their mind. You will be able to make a link to their mind and see all of their hopes and desires and all of their disappointments as well. When you reach into their mind, you will want to see if you can command them to come to you. So, your object is to find someone that you might want to have some fun with. Diana and I will be getting you some clothes while you look around."

Jeff began looking around him, trying to find someone that he would instinctively know was THE one. As he glanced about him, he saw a beautiful girl with long flowing brown hair. She had large, yet firm looking breasts that proudly filled out the sweater, causing Jeff's cock to immediately pulse to life. Her waist seemed to taper in till they flowed out into a pert ass. Her ass had Jeff wanting to fill his hands with them and hold her close to him as he pounded in and out of her hot cunt. Farther down, her long legs seemed to lead to the promise of heaven between her thighs. Glancing back to her face, he was struck by the sadness that seemed to be written across it.

Jeff decided to try to delve into her mind to see if he could find the source of the unhappiness that was so expressive in her features. As Jeff closed his eyes and concentrated on establishing the link that Leandra had told him of. When he felt the tingling in his brain, he knew he had succeeded. He began sifting through the different memories until he found the one he was looking for. He could see the doctor giving her the news that she was HIV positive and it was about to be come full-blown AIDS. He also saw that she had recently broken up with her boyfriend and had lost her parents in a car crash just three months before. Jeff implanted the command for her to come to him. When the girl received the command she first looked dazed then frightened as she began to walk toward the boy. When she reached him, Jeff took her hand and began using the ability of healing that Leandra had taught him earlier. When he began clearing the girl's system, he noticed a small hole in her heart that would cause her problems later on, so he fixed that too. When Jeff pulled himself out of the young girl's mind, he felt drained but happy. As he scanned her mind one last time, he learned her name was Michelle.

"Hello Michelle, my name is Jeff," he told her as he took her hand.

When Jeff took her hand, Michelle felt a sense of well-being wash over her. She had never felt as safe as she did when this mysterious stranger touched her. Instinctively she knew she was protected while she was with him. Jeff took her to a bench to sit on, while Leandra and Diana were shopping for his new clothes.

As they were sitting, Jeff asked the girl, " Do you live around here?" Although he already knew the answer, Jeff wanted to see if the control he had placed in her head, which should make her comfortable around him, was going to work like he thought it would.

"Yes, I live 2 blocks from here, on the corner of Walker and Beech avenue," she told him. "I lost my parents a few months ago so I live on my own now."

"Will you be missed if you don't go home," he asked her. This would be the ultimate test he knew.

"No, I quit my job last week when I went to the doctor, I was supposed to go into a hospital in California. I am HIV positive and they were going to try to get it under control before it turned into AIDS," the girl explained.

"Well you don't have to worry about your HIV status anymore, nor the heart murmur you had. I have taken care of those small problems for you," he told her. When Jeff told her that, the girl began crying in deep sobs, she didn't know how, but she knew the boy had done what he said he had.

Confused, Jeff held her close while she cried against his shoulder. When she calmed down, he took a handful of his shirt and gently dried her tears. When he kissed her gently on top of her head, she looked up and gazed lovingly at him. This boy that she had met just five minutes ago had taken the curse that she faced, off of her slender shoulders and made her whole life happier in that short amount of time. As she was about to thank him, Leandra and Diana showed up carrying the clothing they had picked up for Jeff.

"I see you found your subject," Jeff heard in his mind. The boy was startled at first, but then remembered the telecommunication he had learned.

"Yes, I have," he replied back to Leandra in the same manner.

The boy clutched the girl seated beside him closer to him to let her know that everything was ok. When the girl laid her head on his shoulder he wondered just what he was letting himself in for.

"Leandra and Diana, this is Michelle. Michelle, this is Leandra and Diana," he said as he made the introductions.

"You need to change, before we leave, why don't we duck into the closet I saw on the way back here," Leandra told the boy.

As the foursome walked to the closet, Leandra whispered to the boy, "You need to alter her thoughts so that she will follow you anywhere. If you don't, the warriors that will be fighting alongside you won't respect you."

When they opened the closet door, they stepped in quickly. When they were all inside, Jeff locked the door and turned to Michelle. When he gazed into her eyes, he linked to her mind again and made her freeze in place.

"Well done, now you need to alter her emotions where she will follow you anywhere you go, be sure to place your controls carefully, you don't want to have to go back and clean up any mistakes you may make," Leandra told him as she watched the boy take the girl's hand. As Jeff linked to the girl's mind, he could see all the emotions and thoughts drifting through. He began implanting emotions and controls to make her more pliable to him, but as he came across her feelings for him, he was stunned to see he didn't need to change anything, the girl was already in love with him. Jeff quickly withdrew from her mind.

"Want to check?" he asked. Leandra did a quick check of the controls the boy had placed and smiled at him.

"That was well done, I can see you've been paying attention in class," she told him as she winked him.

Jeff removed the controls that had kept the young girl motionless and watch as she quickly searched for him. When her eyes alit on her beloved benefactor, a beautiful smile fell across her lovely face. With a small lunge she leaped across the small distance between her and the boy, and threw her arms around him. As the stunned boy looked down into her feline green eyes, he bent down and kissed her, softly at first then deepening as the girl pressed herself against him. The boy's hands slowly drifted down to her curvaceous ass, he began to pull her against his growing erection. She began undulating against his hardening cock and made tiny circles designed to increase the growth in the pulsating organ.

"I don't think we're needed here Leandra, why don't we go back to that shop we were at earlier and see if we can find anything that will fit me while these two get to know each other better," Diana smirked.

"Yes I think we are in the way, although I don't think they even know we're here. I don't think we will be missed," Leandra grinned as they headed for the door.

As the door closed softly, Jeff glanced at the door and locked it, using his mind to turn the tumblers. His mind quickly drifted back to the quivering girl in front of him. Jeff began kissing her again, thrilling to the taste of the sexy girl, squirming in his arms. Jeff began trailing kisses down the girl's pale throat. As he reached her collarbone, he scraped his teeth softly on the raised ridge, which elicited a moan from the panting girl. Jeff gripped the bottom of the girls clinging sweater and swiftly tugged it over her head, gazing at the luscious full breasts that a straining bra was struggling but not quite succeeding to hold in. Jeff quickly did away with the offending bra and began nipping then kissing the heaving breasts in front of him. Jeff slowly descended to the girl's nipples, sucking in the hard little pebbles perched on her quivering tits. As he continued sucking and licking on her nipples, Jeff began to slowly lift the girl's skirt, sliding his hands to cup the girls undulating ass, kneading it firmly, feeling the heat pouring out from pussy. Jeff tore the sopping wet panties off the now lust filled girl, not even bothering to just slip them off. As he felt the wetness that was dripping down the beautiful teen's thighs, he quickly removed the last of her clothing, tossing the skirt into the corner, not watching where it landed, too far gone to even worry about it.

As Jeff stepped back, he asked the girl, " Would you like to undress me?" The girl almost tripped in her enthusiasm to do this one small favor for her soon to be lover and tore the shirt off him, leaving only the collar, which Jeff quickly discarded. As she reached the button on the boy's jeans, she quickly but reverently released it, then quickly unzipping him, she gently pulled his jeans and briefs down his body, slowly at first over his erect cock, then quickly after she had them down to his thighs. Jeff quickly kicked off his shoes, and stepped away from them, then obediently lifted each foot as she removed each sock, then kissed his feet. When she had gotten him undressed, Jeff pulled her head to his cock. Quickly getting the idea, the girl parted her lips, and sucked his throbbing cock into her mouth, almost swallowing him in her haste to please her lover. As began bobbing her head up and down on his saliva slick cock, she began twirling her tongue over the sensitive head. As the sensations continued on his pulsating erection, he felt the now familiar sensations begin deep in his stomach, then rising as the sperm began boiling from his balls.

"UNG!!!! I'm CUMMING," he warned the girl. Instead of pulling away, the sexy girl sucked his cock even deeper, sending Jeff over the edge. The boy began pumping in and out of her mouth, his seed spurting deep in her throat. When the boy's spent cock finally began to soften, he pulled it out of her mouth then laid her gently on the ground. He spread the panting girl's legs and began kissing then licking his way up. When he reached her knees, he paused for just a second to kiss them, which caused the girl to jerk her legs slightly closed then giggle as she opened them again for him to continue his journey to her steaming cunt.

He began his upward trek, kissing and licking on her thighs as he slowly approached the piece of heaven awaiting him. When he reached her smooth pussy, he quickly skipped it and began kissing on her stomach. Seeing that he was driving the writhing teen into a frenzy, he finally drifted back where he placed his mouth over her throbbing, erect clit. When the boy placed his mouth on her little nubbin, the girl reacted like she had stuck her finger into an electrical socket. She began twisting and moaning, grabbing his head and holding him tight as her knees swung closed then open. He licked all around her pulsating clit, then inserted his middle finger driving the girl to even loftier heights. As the girl reached her peak, she began jerking and gasping, gripping the boy's head and holding it in place, nearly suffocating the lapping young man. As she came down, she released her grip on him and eyed the boys newly erect cock.

Jeff quickly stood up and had the naked nymph place her hands against the wall, bending at the waist to allow Jeff access to her from behind. Jeff stepped up behind her and guided his throbbing member into her juicy pussy, quickly entering her. Although she was even tighter than Leandra, there was no resistance from her clutching cunt as Jeff slid easily into her. He began pumping slowly in and out of the horny girl, picking up speed as he began pounding in and out of the girl.

"OH MY GOD, fuck me harder, I'm about to come," the girl wailed as her cunt lubricated more and more as she pushed back at her lover, trying to get even more of his cock into her already-stuffed pussy. Jeff began pounding into the girl even harder as he felt her soaked cunt begin getting even wetter then spasm around his pistoning dick. As the girl began to settle down, she pulled away from him.

"Please no more, my pussy is too sore. I can't take anymore there." As the girl slowly stood up, she glanced back and saw the angry purple head of the boy's cock. She quickly placed her bent over again and reaching behind her, she grabbed the cheeks of her ass, spreading them. Turning her head and grinning lewdly at her young lover, she watched him as he slowly stepped up to her and dipped his fingers in her dripping pussy. As he gathered her juices, he swabbed the tiny rosebud that was winking lewdly at him as he slowly worked his fingers into her, loosening the tight sphincter to allow him easier access into her anal passage. Satisfied that he had it slick enough to allow him to enter her, Jeff placed the tip of his cock into the tight orifice and slowly pushed in, pausing briefly when he felt the girl tense. After he had gotten the bulbous head inside her, he began to withdraw, then push back inside, easing in even more. After several minutes of careful and tender stroking, he was finally all the way in. Pausing briefly, the boy then began pumping in and out, slowly at first, then gradually picking up speed. The girl's tight asshole felt like a velvet glove, filled with tiny little massaging fingers. Jeff knew he wouldn't last long at this rate, but he was beyond caring. He began to pump in and out faster and faster, till he felt his seed being drawn out of his balls and up through his cock. When the girl felt the boy's seed splashing inside of her, it sent her over the edge to one last shattering climax. As the last spurts were draining out of the worn out boy's shrinking prick, he fell out of her ass with a soft pop.

"Can you get dressed now, " Jeff asked the girl as they quickly recovered their lost strength.

"Sure, where are we going now," she asked him.

"I thought we could go home now. I want to get you settled in your new home," he told her as he finished dressing. After Michelle finished dressing, Jeff unlocked the door and peered outside. Walking hand in hand they found Diana and Leandra waiting outside the door with sly smiles on their faces.

"Have fun," Diana asked as they were heading for the parking lot. Wordlessly Jeff nodded his agreement, then headed toward home, his entourage in place beside him. Arriving home, Jeff opened the door, and stepped back, mouth agape, he couldn't believe the sight that awaited him in his living room.
Chapter 4
Home | Top | Night Wolf's Page |   Feedback to author


 
Home | Night Wolf's Page « Ahead of the Game Index « Previous
Chapter 4
Posted: November 14, 2003 - 02:27:56 pm

"Holly! What the hell are you doing?" Jeff gasped in disbelief. "Please wait out here until I get back. I wont be long," he told his companions as he stepped through the door, closing it behind him. Leandra and Diana were amused as they watched him go in, but Michelle seemed unconcerned as she waited patiently for her lover.

Jeff was stunned as he entered the house, for there on the couch, wearing nothing but a smile, was his little sister furiously fingering herself. As the boy watched the girl's fingers frantically sawing in and out of her overflowing young pussy. Although Jeff was stunned at the erotic sight in front of him, his cock apparently had no objections as it began pulsating to life. As he gazed at her drooling cunt, Jeff felt himself being drawn to the beautiful sight awaiting him. When he reached her, it was as if he could actually taste the juices that were flowing out of the young girl.

Holly glanced up at her brother, but instead of being embarrassed, she felt herself become even more aroused as she watched the boy lick his lips. She had been hoping he would be home soon so she could finally seduce her brother. She had been planning it for weeks, and today she was finally going to lose her virginity. She slowly took her hand away from her steaming cunt to allow him to see her in all her glory. She could see by the look in his eyes, that he had reached his breaking point. Today, he would be hers.

Jeff's hands seemed to have a mind of their own as he quickly undressed himself. As the last of his clothes were deposited on the floor beside the couch, he slowly lowered himself to his knees as he gazed hungrily at the prize that he was being given. He had been told that incest was wrong, but as he began lowering his lips to his panting sister's and began kissing her, softly at first then more demanding, all the things he had been told were brushed aside. Holly pulled him to her, wrapping her arms tightly around her sibling as she pulled him on top of her. Jeff held himself up on one elbow as he began gazing into his sister's eyes. He knew she was a virgin, and he didn't want to hurt her, but he had to have her. All rational thought left him as soon as he began kissing her again. Her arms were wrapped around him as she began writhing beneath him, aching to feel his hard cock inside her. Jeff began trailing kisses down her neck, and to her proud breasts. As he reached her left breast, he licked all around her erect nipple, slowly drawing it into his waiting mouth. As he sucked on the pebble perched on her firm globe, he could feel the girl tense.

"Oh, that feels so good bro, don't stop, please don't stop," she whispered as she felt the beginnings of her first ever climax with a boy. As the feeling's continued to increase, she began pressing her smoldering cunt against his hot cock, straining to reach her goal. When Jeff switched to her other nipple, it was enough to send her over that magical peak. She began bucking wildly underneath him as she began feeling the intense waves of pleasure washing over her. Jeff held her as her orgasm continued unabated for a couple of minutes. After she began breathing normally, the boy felt it was time to take it to the next level.

"Sis, are you sure you want to keep going," he asked her as he began tracing down her side with his fingers. When she nodded yes, he began kissing her stomach, trailing his lips down to her still dripping cunt. As he reached her clit, he sucked it into his mouth, swirling his tongue all around it, amazed at the way it grew in his mouth. As he continued to suck and lick on it, she began squirming under him, then suddenly reaching up, she pulled him on top of her.

"Please Jeff, I have to have you in me now. I feel like I'm going to burst if you don't put it in me soon," she told him as she grabbed frantically for his cock, trying to guide it inside of her. Jeff raised his hips slightly to allow the lust-crazed girl to guide him into her velvety softness. As she fitted the head of his aching cock into her tight cunt, he was amazed at how tight she was. The boy began pushing gently into his sister, not wanting to hurt her any more than was necessary, but the girl was having none of that. As she grabbed his hips with both hands, she suddenly pulled him into her as hard as she could. Jeff thought his dick was going to break off as he hit the barrier, but it gave way to allow him access to his sister's steaming depths.

"OW! Shit! Oh my god that hurts! Stay there for just a minute, please," she begged him. Jeff remained where he was to allow his sister to get used to the feeling of being stuffed with his hard cock. He could feel her pussy massaging his dick as he lay there. He hoped the feeling would never end, but he knew that it would very soon. When Holly began squirming underneath him, Jeff knew she was ready to continue and began to slowly stroke in and out of her quivering flesh. Even though he had cum so many times already, he could feel it building as he began pumping in and out of her hot cunt. Holly wasn't far behind him though and she began pushing back up on his down strokes, trying to get even more into her. As they both felt themselves getting even closer to their respective orgasms, they gave themselves up to their feelings. Jeff began pistoning in and out of her hard and fast, driving both of them higher, till the build up was too much for him. Jeff felt the sperm begin blasting out of his cock deep inside of her. When Holly felt his hot seed spurting into her, she was set off into her own orgasm. It was white hot and blinding in its intensity, seemingly going on forever. Finally coming down, they kissed each other tenderly, as they both tried to regain their breath.

"I love you Jeff, I've waited so long for you to do that. I didn't think you would ever notice me," she told him as she caught her breath.

"I love you too, I've been dreaming about this for years, but I could never have dreamt it would be this incredible. You are amazing," he told her. A slight noise reminded him of his companions waiting outside, "Oh my god! I forgot our guests, we need to get dressed fast." The two quickly began dressing, pausing only briefly between garments for quick kisses, until finally, they were dressed and looking presentable.

Jeff went back to the door and beckoned for everyone to come back in. As Leandra came in she glanced at Holly, then turned back to Jeff and told him with a smirk, " Now I see why it took you so long to come back for us." When she saw Holly becoming embarrassed, she smiled softly at her, "I'm sorry, I just meant to tease him, you are very lovely and I can see why he loves you so much."

Jeff led the group into the living room and invited them to sit. When everyone was seated, he sat down on the sofa, pulling Holly onto his lap. Holly eyed the group warily as Jeff started by telling her the tale of the events that had happened to him in the previous few days. As he continued with his tale, Holly began to shift in his lap, arousing the horny teen yet again. The girl began grinning wickedly at him as Jeff continued with his story. When he had finished his tale, Jeff introduced his growing band to his mischievous sister. She smiled at each of them, and then looked puzzled as she came to Michelle. Seeing the confusion on his sister's face, Jeff glanced at Michelle. The girl was looking down at the floor, seemingly engrossed in the carpet under her feet. Seeing this, Jeff told her, "Michelle, you are part of my family now. Please don't be shy." The shy girl gazed up at him with tears of happiness in her eyes, a smile forming on her lips. When he saw the happiness he had given her with just a few words, Jeff knew he had said the right thing.

Introductions completed, Jeff decided it was time he begin his training with the sword. With a gentle nudge, he let his sister know it was time for her to get off his lap. Holly gave one last wiggle on his lap then stood up, allowing Jeff to stand.

"Are you ready to begin my lessons, Diana," he asked the beautiful, fierce looking warrior.

"Yes, I was beginning to think you would never ask," she said with a wink as she glanced at both of the younger girls that had so recently had playing with him. "You will need to change your pants before we do anything though. The trousers you are wearing now aren't the type of thing you will be wanting to wear while you are wielding a sword."

Jeff walked to the stairway and was about to climb the stairs when he noticed Holly following him. He smiled at her as she took his hand, then received a shock when Michelle stood up and walked over to him. Carrying the new clothing the two instructors had purchased for Jeff, she followed the brother and sister up the stairs. After he reached his room, Jeff began to unfasten his jeans, but felt a pair of feminine hands taking this job over. Looking up, he saw Michelle awaiting his signal for her to unfasten and remove his pants, when she received a nod of assent; she quickly unfastened the button at the top and slowly opened the zipper to reveal the effect she was having on him. The girl licked her lips as she got them unzipped. She gently began to tug them off of him, sliding them down over his hips and thighs till they made a puddle at his feet. Stepping out of them, he felt her hand begin clutching to remove his briefs as well.

"As much as I would like to, we need to wait on that. I need to get changed so I can begin training," Jeff told the girl as he kissed her softly. Glancing over to his sister, Jeff motioned her to him. Holly walked over to her brother and kissed him, wrapping her arms around him to let him know how much she loved him. The girls smiled at each other and began dressing the boy, seemingly enjoying the task. They began with Holly slowly sliding the black leather pants up his legs with Michelle leading the way, kissing every bare inch of skin ahead of the rising trousers, which was causing Jeff's cock to begin rising yet again. Jeff gently grabbed Holly's hands and pulled his pants up, closing them quickly lest he change his mind. After he had completed his dressing, Jeff quickly glanced down and saw that even though the slacks he had put on were tight, he could move easily in them. Satisfied with his appearance, Jeff led the two lusty girls down the stairs to join the two women already awaiting him at the bottom of the stairs.

"Are you ready young warrior," Diana asked him as he reached the bottom of the stairway. With a nod, Jeff headed for the door, followed closely by the rest of his companions.

"I am looking forward to this," he told his newest instructor as he opened the door and went out into the bright sunshine. As Holly closed the door behind her, he began the short walk back to the place that would help him prepare for his future battle.

Jeff stepped into the clearing, followed by his growing band, looking around him to see where the best place would be to start. He decided to move a few things around to give them more room. Jeff began using his new abilities to move rocks, trees, and bushes to give him the space he knew would be needed. When he was satisfied that he would have the area needed, he turned to Diana.

"First you will need a sword, I have brought one that I hope will meet with your approval," she told him as she walked over to the items that had previously escaped his notice. Reaching into a bag, she brought out a long gleaming sword. It was encrusted with rubies and diamonds in the hilt, with a sleek glistening blade. It looked as if it could slice through a rock with ease. When Diana handed the sword to Jeff, he stepped away from her, wanting to take a few experimental swings with it. He was surprised at how easily he was able to swing it, he knew instinctively that it was well balanced and almost seemed like it was made for him.

"Are you ready to begin your first lesson," Diana asked as she began warming up with her sword. Jeff watched the smooth arcs of her sword, as she swung it back and forth and in circles around her head. Jeff stood mesmerized by the sight. She was effortless in her motions and the sword seemed to be a part of her. The boy was startled as she suddenly stopped and turned toward him, raising her sword above her head. Jeff stepped back and copied her motion. With the sword held high above his head, he felt an unexpected peace. He felt like he was where he should be. A clear warm day, dueling with a worthy opponent, life didn't get better than this. He didn't know where that thought had come from, but it felt right to him.

The two began circling each other, thrusting and parrying, stopping once in awhile so Diana could show him a counter or a block. They continued to practice for hours, till finally, Jeff had to take a rest.

Jeff walked wearily to the nearest tree, and sat down, leaning back against its comforting support. Holly and Michelle joined him there, wiping his brow, snuggling close to him when they had completed their ministrations on him. After he regained his breath, he turned to Diana.

"Where did you learn to do that? You are awesome. I am worn out, and you aren't even breathing hard."

"I was holding a sword in my hands when I was very young. You have to be able to fight with a sword, if you live in the area I live in," she replied.

"Prin... Diana, remember, we are not allowed to give out too much information. Part of the game requires us to only tell him what he needs to know. Any more than that and you know what happens," Leandra warned Diana.

"Yes, I had forgotten. The young warrior is improving so quickly, I have forgotten our purpose here," she replied.

Jeff watched the interaction between his instructors and began wondering what was happening. What was Leandra about to say, and what purpose. The thoughts were all swirling through his head, providing more questions than answers. The boy decided not to puzzle over the obvious riddles that were puzzling him, but concentrate instead on what was awaiting him.
Chapter 5
Home | Top | Night Wolf's Page |   Feedback to author


 
Home | Night Wolf's Page « Ahead of the Game Index « Previous
Chapter 5
Posted: November 14, 2003 - 02:27:56 pm

As Jeff pondered all the different happenings going on around him, his body began to relax. He soon drifted off to sleep, slumping over onto Michelle's lap. Noticing this, Holly quickly stood and walked over to Diana.

"Would you teach me that, too," she asked the tall woman. "I would like to learn to fight to be able to help my brother. You haven't said who his enemies are, but I can tell they must be pretty tough."

"I will be happy to teach you what I can. He needs someone that he knows and trusts at his side, I will be honored to teach the Oberon warrior's sister to fight," Diana replied. "You have watched your brother, and you know it won't be easy, but I believe you have the determination to learn what I have to show you." Diana walked back to the bag she had taken Jeff's sword from and brought out a smaller version of the sword she had given Jeff.

"It's so beautiful!! I can't believe how something so lovely could be deadly," Holly gasped as she received the gleaming weapon. The girl gently stepped back and began experimenting with it as she made slashes at an imaginary enemy. The girl began swinging the sword back and forth, trying to get the feel of it. After the girl had warmed up, she slowly lowered the sword, taking care not to let the blade touch the ground. Diana smiled approvingly as she noticed the care the girl took with the sword.

"Are you ready to begin?" she asked the girl as she stepped closer to her. Receiving a nod, Diana took a defensive stance and began instructing her new pupil in different offensive tactics.

Jeff awoke with a start as he heard the metallic clash when Holly made a thrust toward her towering opponent. He could see the awkwardness of her attempts, and the patience of her instructor as they continued training. Holly was clearly overmatched, but she displayed a determination that would carry her through after she improved her techniques. The combatants continued with their battle until Holly had to stop, worn out from her exertions.

"Wow sis, you were great," Jeff told her as he hugged the trembling girl.

"Thanks, bro. That is harder than I thought it would be," she replied as she sat down beside Michelle and her brother. As they all settled comfortably against each other, Jeff kissed Holly gently.

"Why do you want to learn to fight, sis?" he asked her as she laid her head on his shoulder.

"I want to fight beside you. I love you and I want to do anything to make sure you're safe," she replied. The girl snuggled against her brother, gazing into his eyes, her love for him plainly written upon her face. As she cuddled with her brother, she glanced over to see if she was upsetting Michelle. When she saw the other girl cuddling up to the boy, she was surprised to feel kinship with her instead of the jealousy she had expected.

Diana and Leandra watched the teens with great interest. Although she didn't like males, Diana could feel her arousal building deep inside her. She glanced at Leandra and saw the same feelings of lust in her eyes. Each woman, seeing the teens occupied with each other, slowly stepped toward the other, seeming to flow into each other's arms. When Leandra tilted her head up, Diana accommodated her by gently kissing her, gently coaxing her to part her lips by slowly sucking the smaller woman's bottom lip into her mouth. When Leandra parted her lips slightly, Diana took advantage and snaked her tongue into Leandra's mouth, savoring the taste of the smaller woman's mouth.

As their kiss deepened, Diana began softly caressing her partner's yielding breasts, gently tweaking her nipples as her hands glided over them. Feeling Leandra beginning to tremble beneath her fingertips, Diana began undressing the yielding woman. She began unbuttoning the fiery redhead's blouse, kissing each bit of skin that was exposed from the opening of the garment. When she had completed unbuttoning it, Diana quickly slid it over her lover's arms and after unfastening her bra, quickly tossed both of the items on the ground.

"Oh, Princess!! I love that, please don't stop, it's so good," the teacher purred as the taller woman began tonguing her nipples.

As Jeff watched the two women undressing each other, he began to feel the stirrings of yet another erection. The boy was grateful for the recuperative powers granted him by the ring. Apparently the girls were affected the same way, as they began to snuggle up even closer, running their hands over his chest. Holly arose to kneel by Jeff and began kissing him deeply. On seeing this Michelle began nibbling on his neck and started trailing her hands over his body, touching and caressing him everywhere. The girls quickly began undressing him, each eager to feel his bare skin against them. Although they were careful not to rip his clothing, the panting nymphs quickly undressed him, leaving him naked before their heated gaze. As Holly began kissing him again, Michelle quickly undressed, throwing her clothing everywhere, frantic to feel his cock deep inside her. The naked girl quickly bent over him and started twirling her tongue all around his throbbing dick, then, slurping it into her mouth she began bobbing her head up and down on it, working to help him obtain his maximum size.

Leandra quickly glanced over when she began to hear soft moans coming from the threesome. Seeing they were busy, she turned back to her own lover and quickly finished taking off the rest of the dark haired beauty's clothing. Leandra drew Diana to the ground, letting her know she wanted her to take the dominant position. She pulled the taller woman's cunt to her lips and began circling the pebbly clit with her tongue. Diana wasn't idling though, as her lover was digging her tongue into her wet slit she began fingering in and out of the redhead beneath her, quickly bringing the smaller woman to her brink as she swabbed her tongue all around the erect little nubbin. The feminine warrior could feel the lovely teacher below her reaching her orgasm, as she felt her own orgasm beginning to peak deep inside of her. As she felt the woman beneath her reach her climax, it seemed to pull her over the edge as well.

"Ung Princess! Yes, I'm there. Oh my God!!!" Leandra cried as she began writhing under her larger partner. Her tongue began working feverishly over her partner's fully erect clit, bringing her to her own climax. When the larger woman felt her partner's tongue slithering all over her nubbin, she began writhing in abandon, grinding her cunt into her lover's face, smearing it with her juices.

Michelle knew the sounds of the older women were exciting Jeff even more, she could feel his cock growing even more inside her. His frantic pumping in and out of her drenched cunt was driving her toward her own orgasm. She could feel her pussy begin to spasm around his pounding rod, her internal muscles trying to coax her lover to cum in her. Drained, the girl slowly rose from the boy, allowing Holly to climb onto the eager teen. The girl quickly reached between her legs to guide her brother's dick into her steamy depths. After she had him completely buried in her drooling snatch, she began to ride him slowly, wanting to savor every moment. Jeff had other ideas though, as he placed his hands on her hips and began to pump in and out of his sister. He could feel his own orgasm building in his groin. He wanted to make sure that his sister was able to cum before he let his hot seed spill into her unprotected womb. He quickly flipped the girl onto her back and began to pound in and out of her overflowing slit.

"Oh my god!! Oh Jeff, harder, I want to feel you cum deep inside me," the girl moaned as she clutched him to her. She began to lift her hips up to meet the boy's frantic thrusts as they began to race toward their respective orgasms. The girl began grunting as she tried to keep up with the boy, but she soon gave up and began writhing under him, determined to make him cum. When she felt his cock begin to grow even more inside her, she knew he was about to give her his hot cum deep inside of her. When she felt the first splash of his hot seed against her waiting cervix, she found her own release. Her spasming body drew her lover deeper inside her, allowing her to feel the full force of his sperm splashing within her.

As Diana watched the teens begin to come down from their mutual bliss, she couldn't help but wonder how a mere male could satisfy not just one, but two women. She had been raised with the teachings that said a man was inferior to a woman, but she was beginning to revise her thinking. This male was learning quickly in the arts of battle, and the girls did seem to be satiated from their bouts with the boy. Until she had been sent here, she had never seen a man that would interest her, but Jeff was intriguing her. She decided to observe him closely and allow her opinion to be formed from fact instead of teachings.

As she turned to Jeff, Diana asked the boy "Are you ready to continue your training?" Jeff hurriedly dressed, then grabbed his sword as he stepped up to Diana.

"Yes, I want to learn this as quickly as I can," Jeff answered. He quickly assumed the defensive stance she had showed him previously. As the two kept circling each other, Diana would point out different weaknesses to his defense. She then began to demonstrate the ways to take advantage of them. Leandra watched the pair engaged in the bloodless battle and nodded approvingly when Diana glanced at her. Jeff sensed his instructor's momentary loss of concentration and knocked the sword out of her hands.

The older warrior smiled sheepishly at him, telling him, "Well done, you are learning quickly. Let that also be a lesson to you as well, never take your eyes off your opponent." As Jeff nodded his understanding, he began walking back to the tree. As he was about to get back to the teen girls awaiting him, he began to feel a presence that made him uncomfortable. He quickly glanced around but could see nobody. He sat between the two exhausted girls and pulled them close to him. With a contented smile on his face, he soon dozed off.

Diana laughed at herself as she recalled how easily the boy had been able to take her sword from her. This boy was a quick learner and she knew that soon she would have to begin focusing harder to prevent him from defeating her. He was a good student... for a man... or for that matter, anyone. As she was thinking about how strong her pupil was getting, she heard the sound of wings in the wind. She rushed to the source and was quickly unnerved when he delivered his message.

"Princess, I was sent to tell you that your time to train your warrior is growing shorter. The battle will be soon and my father is looking forward to this game." Diana gave a nod to the messenger and began planning what she would teach her student next. She watched as the courier flew away, his winged helmet and sandals quickly carrying him out of sight.
Chapter 6
Home | Top | Night Wolf's Page |   Feedback to author


 
Home | Night Wolf's Page « Ahead of the Game Index « Previous
Chapter 6
Posted: November 14, 2003 - 02:27:56 pm

Diana walked quickly over to Jeff and shook him awake. She urgently needed to get him to wake up so she could give him the message she had just received. Hermes had been pretty insistent when he had told her that time was running out for Jeff's training. Jeff awoke with a start, he could feel the tension in Diana's whole being.

"What is it, Diana?" he asked her as he quickly rose to his feet.

"I was told that our time is growing short for completing your training. We need to go to my home so we can complete your training. I also want to introduce you to the band of warriors that will be at your disposal," Diana answered.

"Your home? Ok, but what part of town do you live in?" Jeff asked.

"Jeff, it's not that simple. Diana lives on an island by Greece." Leandra told him as she joined the pair.

"Greece? How the hell am I going to be able to get there? I don't have the money for getting there," Jeff sputtered.

"I think you may have a very convincing argument if you were to think of what you have learned recently" Leandra told him as she laughed. Jeff thought for just a moment before he joined Leandra in her laughter.

"Yeah, I might be able to do that," he told her. The boy quickly awoke Holly and Michelle and helped them to their feet. When they were all ready to go he gently kissed each of them. He began walking out of the trees and to his home so he could gather some clothes to take with him. As they were walking home, it suddenly occurred to him that his mother could cause a few problems. He had to convince her that going to Greece would be the right thing to do.

When they finally got to Jeff's house, Jeff entered first, followed quickly by the rest of his growing entourage.

"Mom, I'm home," he called as he stepped into the kitchen.

"Hi, Jeff. Who are your friends?" she asked him, glancing toward the procession following her son.

"Oh, Mom. You know they've been here for a couple of weeks now," he told her as he quickly implanted the suggestion into her mind. Jeff could see the recognition show in her eyes as she smiled at the group and asked them what they wanted for dinner.

"Anything is fine Mom. We need to take care of something upstairs first, then we'll be back," Jeff told her. Jeff quickly headed upstairs to change clothes. While he was changing he noticed that, other than Holly, none of the others had any clothes with them other than what they were wearing. Jeff decided he would take the girls back to the mall to get some more clothes for their trip when dinner was finished. Michelle was watching her lover as he undressed, her mouth watering as she saw his skintight pants sliding down his legs. Without thinking, Michelle quickly stepped over to Jeff and put her arms around the boy, pressing her body against him. When she felt Jeff's cock begin to rise, she quickly sank to her knees, licking her lips as she stared at his rising manhood. She gently held his throbbing erection as she kissed the head, swirling her tongue around it. Jeff groaned as he felt Michelle draw his cock into her mouth. She quickly bobbed her head up and down on his dick, trying to get him to shoot his load deep into her throat.

"Oh, that feels so good, I love it when you suck my cock," he told her. Hearing these words of praise, Michelle redoubled her efforts, trying to get him to cum in her mouth quickly. Jeff knew he wouldn't be able to hold out long under the ministrations from Michelle's talented mouth. He could feel his sperm boiling in his balls. Finally he could stand it no longer. His seed began pouring out of his cock and coating her throat, causing Michelle to moan deeply, the vibrations making Jeff's orgasm even more intense. When the spasms in his pulsating cock finally died down, Michelle cleaned the remains of his mind-shattering orgasm off his slowly wilting prick.

"That was incredible, Thank you for taking such good care of me," Jeff told her as he pulled the girl up and kissed her. Even though he could taste his spunk on her lips, Jeff figured it was worth it to see the love glowing in Michelle's eyes. Jeff led Michelle into the shower to wash off the sweat that had developed on their youthful bodies. As soon as they were both in the shower, Jeff turned Michelle to him and kissed her again, enjoying the feel of her firm breasts against his chest. He could feel himself quickly getting erect again so he began washing the beautiful girl, enjoying the feel of her luscious body as he cleaned the day's activities from her. When he was finished, Michelle quickly returned the favor, but when she knelt down to quickly suck his hot rod into her mouth, he pulled her back to her feet.

Michelle's eyes filled with pain until Jeff told her, "We need to get dressed, Mom is going to have dinner waiting." When she heard these words joy leapt back into her face. Turning the water off, the pair quickly dressed and headed downstairs to join the others. Jeff stopped in his tracks as he entered the kitchen; for as his eyes scanned the room, he saw Leandra and Diana helping his mother fix their dinner. Jeff walked to each of the women in the room and gave them all quick kisses as he came to each one of them. His mother's eyes opened in surprise with each kiss, but when he reached her, he gave her a quick kiss as well. After he had kissed the ladies in the kitchen, Jeff stepped back into the living room just as his sister was coming down the stairs. Jeff walked to his beautiful sister and took her into his arms, kissing her deeply. When the siblings had come up for air, they sat down, waiting to be called in to dinner.

Jeff had decided to wait to broach the subject of going to Greece for after dinner, but when his mother asked him how his day had gone, he figured there was no time like the present.

"I thought tomorrow would be a good time to get everything ready for our trip to Greece," he told her as he implanted the suggestion into her mind. "I thought I could take everyone to the mall and get them some new clothes after dinner so everyone will have some nice clothing for the trip." Jeff quickly added the impressions that they had been planning this trip for weeks into his mother's memories, to keep the confused look out of her face. When he saw the slight nod of agreement from his mother, he knew that his commands were accomplishing his goals. As the group finished their dinner, they all began leaving the table. The girls offered to do the dishes, but he told Leandra and Diana to visit with his mother. Jeff and Holly began washing the dishes, the mundane task allowed them to relax from the long day. Although the other women asked Michelle to join them in the living room, the girl stayed with Jeff, unwilling to leave him unless he specifically told her to. When the boy smiled at her, Michelle knew she had pleased her lover. The trio quickly finished the dishes, each doing their part. When they had completed this, they joined the rest in the living room.

"Who wants to go shopping?" Jeff asked the group as he stepped into the living room. When he saw the faces of the others, he knew he had said the perfect thing to endear himself to them all.

"Do you need anything?" Jeff asked his mother as his group began heading for the car.

"No, I think I have all I need," she told him. Jeff decided that he needed to get his mother a surprise as he headed out the door to join the others.

"Well, shall we walk or take my mom's car?" he asked the women as he joined them.

Taking her cue from the weather and the reactions of the other females, Leandra spoke up," Let's walk. It's not that far and, after that dinner, I would like to walk some of it off." The others quickly agreed, so, with Jeff leading the way, they all headed to the mall. Upon reaching the mall, Jeff found himself facing the curse all men went through: the seemingly endless hours of shopping that a woman loves so well. Multiplying this by four made this daunting task even worse as he watched the women going over each and every item. When his entourage had finally completed picking out some outfits for themselves, Jeff quickly implanted suggestions to the store clerks, allowing the group to simply walk out with their items.

Before they left, Jeff told the ladies to wait while he took care of his own shopping. He quickly headed for the nearest jewelry store and picked out a surprise for each of the females of his ever-growing harem, then picked out a special gift for his mother as well. When he had finished this, he placed the proper commands into the sales clerk's mind to allow him to walk out of the store with the presents he had acquired for all the ladies in his life. Having completed all the shopping they all decided it was time to return home. They headed for the door, ready to get their purchases back home. Jeff was worried about the security guard at the door to the mall, until he realized the guard was simply opening the doors for them. With a relieved sigh, Jeff led his group out the doors and back home. When they were back outside, the ladies quickly took all the packages he was carrying and relieved him of the weight of all their 'purchases'. Jeff placed his arms around the waists of the two younger members of his entourage as the women behind them quickly smothered the grins that were threatening to break out on their faces. When they reached the house, Holly and Michelle told Jeff they wanted him to wait downstairs so they could model their new clothes for him. Again, worries sprang up in Jeff's mind until he realized that any qualms his mother may have over this could be quickly squelched.

The two youngest members of his growing band quickly ran up the stairs, each with a wide smile on her face. When the girls had changed into their negligees they called Jeff up to judge their mini beauty contest. When he reached his room, the giggling girls told him to close his eyes before he came in. After he had his eyes closed, Jeff cautiously opened the door to his room. As soon as he had stepped into the room, the girls told him to open his eyes. Upon opening his eyes, Jeff found himself looking at the most incredible sight that he had ever beheld in his short life. Dressed only in matching pink see-through negligees, Holly and Michelle were proudly showing off their young, nubile bodies.

"Wow, I've died and gone to heaven," Jeff said as he felt his cock growing in his pants. He walked over to the two girls and pulled them close to him, enjoying the feel of their charms pressing against him.

"Do we look okay?" Holly asked as the girls snuggled closer to Jeff.

" Okay? You two look fantastic. I'm the luckiest guy in the world, having the two of you," he told them as he kissed each of them. Upon hearing his words, the two girls quickly undressed Jeff, almost panting in their desire to get him naked and onto the bed. When they had him undressed they pushed him back on the bed, then began slowly undressing themselves as well. The girls gradually removed their tops, leaving only the wispy panties that showed more than they covered. After they had dropped their last articles of clothing onto the floor, Holly and Michelle quickly joined Jeff on the bed, with Michelle claiming his lips first.

Unbeknownst to the trio on the bed, Patty Linden had come to her son's room to ask him about his plans for the next day. She stopped short when she heard the sounds coming from his room. She quietly inched the door open, leaving it open only a crack. When she saw the trio on the bed, she knew she should be upset to see them in their sex play, but she could only feel the arousal the sight was bringing her. Patty quickly hurried to Diana and Leandra's room, wanting to ask their opinions on the proceedings in Jeff's room, but when she reached the women's room she heard the same sound being emitted from there, as well. Patty decided the only way she would get any rest that night would be to relieve the pressure she could feel building in her soaked pussy. She quickly hurried back to Jeff's room, hoping to make sure that Michelle and Holly weren't being forced into anything. She grudgingly admitted to herself that she wanted to be able to finger herself to an orgasm as she watched them as well. When she reached Jeff's room, she peered through the narrow opening of his door, and began watching the teens playing on the bed.

Jeff and the girls were oblivious to the spectator as they began to fondle each other's bodies. Jeff pulled Holly to him and began kissing her deeply as he started fingering her wet swollen slit. Holly began undulating her hips, trying to get him to make more contact with her sensitive clit. Each time his finger grazed the nubbin, it would send her ever closer to her approaching orgasm. Michelle watched the pair closely until she could stand it no more. She rolled Jeff onto his back then swung her leg over him, allowing her to straddle his virile body. Holly smiled as she maneuvered herself to place her steaming cunt over Jeff's face. As Holly lowered her pussy to his awaiting tongue, Michelle slowly impaled herself on Jeff's raging erection.

Jeff's mother found herself enthralled by the sexy scene in front of her. She couldn't stop her hands from straying into her panties as she watched the girls ravishing her son. When her fingers found her pussy, she was amazed at the amount of moisture she found there. She quickly began twirling her fingers over the hot little nubbin as she watched the teens displaying their love for each other. When Patty reached her first orgasm she let out a low moan. She quickly froze in her spot, hoping the group on the bed didn't hear her.

Fortunately for Patty, Jeff and the girls were too wrapped up in their own actions to have heard her. Michelle was quickly bringing herself to her own orgasm as she rode Jeff's pistoning cock. The feel of him deep inside of her reminded her over and over again that she belonged to Jeff, releasing her from any of the restrictions that had been placed on her by her parents about her actions with boys. Every time Jeff felt the rippling muscles of Michelle's pussy sliding over his dick, he would quicken his pace on licking Holly's hot little clit. Holly could tell the others were about to reach their orgasm and knew it wouldn't take much to send them over the precipice of their blinding pleasure. She quickly leaned over and took the nipple of Michelle's right tit into her mouth, laving her tongue over it. This quickly sent Michelle over the top, causing her cunt to spasm around Jeff's cock. When Jeff felt this, he began shooting his hot seed deep into Michelle, spraying his sperm all over the walls of her clutching pussy. Upon seeing Jeff and Michelle reaching their orgasms, Holly could feel her own orgasm overtaking her. She shuddered as the waves of pleasure washed over her young body, which caused Jeff to begin shooting his seed even harder into Michelle.

Patty was watching all of this with awe, amazed at the intensity of their orgasms. Her fingers reached deep inside her and began caressing her g spot, helping her reach the same plateau of pleasure the teens had accomplished just moments earlier. When the spasms wracked her own body, her legs refused to hold her up any longer. She collapsed against the door, startling the trio on the bed. When his mother fell to the floor, Jeff forgot about the compromising situation he was in and quickly rushed to help his mother, trying to determine if she was okay. When he saw her fingers buried in her twat, his softening erection quickly began growing again.

When she saw the effect she was having on her own son, Patty gave him a tired smile and asked him, " Is that for me?" Jeff searched his mother's face to see if she was joking or if she really wanted to join them in their games. To answer his unspoken question, Patty quickly reached for his growing manhood and pulled him to her. She kissed the slimy head of his cock and then took him deeply into her mouth. She swirled her tongue all around his shaft, tasting the combined juices of Michelle and her son. She quickly began bobbing her head up and down his now-throbbing erection, trying to suck yet another load from his heavy balls. Jeff began pumping in and out of her mouth and found himself near yet another climax, even though he had cum just moments before. He could feel his sperm boiling up from his nuts, then spilling over to shoot his hot seed into his own mother's mouth. His prick slowly began to melt as he shot the last few drops into his mother's waiting mouth. Having spent his last bit of energy, he quickly sank to the floor. Seeing their lover collapsing onto the floor, the girls, who had been watching from the bed, quickly sprang up and went to their lover. With each of them placing their arm around him, they helped him back into bed. Embarrassed for what she had done, Patty quickly fled from the room, and headed to her own bedroom, to try to come to terms with what had transpired.
Chapter 7
Home | Top | Night Wolf's Page |   Feedback to author


 
Home | Night Wolf's Page « Ahead of the Game Index « Previous
Chapter 7
Posted: November 14, 2003 - 02:27:56 pm

Jeff woke up in the morning, the events of the previous evening coming back to him in a rush. He didn't want to face his mother this morning, but he knew he couldn't avoid her forever; dressing quickly he hurried downstairs to get the confrontation he was so sure would happen out of the way. When he got downstairs he forced himself to go to the kitchen, afraid of the censure he knew he would see in his mother's eyes. As he walked into the kitchen, he saw his mother standing there, her back turned to him. He could see the body she had encased in the nearly see-through negligee and robe she was wearing. Jeff considered walking back to his room, but then decided that he might as well get it over with.

"Uh, Mom?" he began as he walked toward her. Expecting to see an angry expression on his mother's face, he was stunned to see that she was blushing a very bright crimson.

"Oh, Jeff. I'm so sorry, I don't know what came over me last night," she said as her blush grew even brighter. The woman was deeply embarrassed for her actions the night before. She had not only watched her son making love with Michelle and Holly, she had become so excited from the scene that she had even sucked her son's cock afterward. She had been mortified when she had reached her room, but that didn't stop her from trailing her fingers down to her still-moist cunt. She had quickly reached her orgasm with three fingers buried deep inside her steaming pussy.

"I wanted it too, I just didn't realize you were wanting me," he told her as he pulled her into his arms. Looking deep into her eyes, he gave her a peck on the lips; but after the happenings the night before, it wasn't enough for Patty. She pulled his face to her and gave him a very passionate kiss, her tongue working its way between his lips. When Jeff felt his mother deepening the kiss, he began caressing her sides, until his hands were just below her breasts. Not wanting to scare his mother, he quickly backed away from her and gazed into her eyes, trying to read the emotions there. He could see fear as well as lust for her only son there, but he also saw the love that was always there for him. When Jeff was convinced that his mother truly wanted him, he scanned the rest of her. He could see the still-firm 36D breasts as well as the rest of her voluptuous body. Her waist flared out to lush hips. He couldn't prevent himself from thinking that, after 38 years and 2 babies, she was still one of the most beautiful women he had ever seen. He was about to take his mother back into his arms when he heard a slight noise upstairs, warning the pair that the rest of the group was about to join them. He gave his mother one last quick kiss before he sat down at the table to await his breakfast.

Holly stepped into the kitchen, wearing a short robe which she had conveniently forgotten to tie closed. Jeff could see she wasn't wearing anything under it and his already hard cock grew even more rigid. The girl first stepped to her brother and gave him a very passionate kiss. Jeff wondered if she could taste their mother's lips on his. He wondered even more when she broke the kiss with him and went to her mother and kissed her the same way. Patty's face grew hot as her daughter's tongue found its way between her lips. When she felt Holly's hand sneak down to her hot cunt, and then begin toying with her clit, she could feel her legs go limp under her. She had to grab the counter beside her to keep herself from collapsing onto the floor. She could feel her daughter's fingers twirling all around her little nubbin. When she felt she was going to pass out from the feelings Holly was giving her, her cunt began spasming. When her orgasm hit her, it was like a tidal wave of emotions washed over her, sweeping the woman away in her ecstasy. Her legs did collapse at that point and she found herself sitting on the floor. She sat there for a while, savoring the aftershocks from her orgasm until she realized what had just happened. Patty looked at Jeff and saw the smile on his face. She looked for disapproval in her son's eyes, but she only saw what looked like happiness on his young face.

"Are you okay?" Jeff asked her as he gently helped her to her feet. When Patty saw his concern, she pulled his lips down to hers and began kissing him again; this kiss even more passionate than the one they had shared earlier. As their tongues dueled, Jeff slid the robe from his mother's shoulders. Patty let the garment fall from her to the floor where it landed at her feet. Jeff's hands began to roam over his mother's figure, feeling her firm ass and then drifting up to cup her ample breasts. He softly thumbed her nipples, feeling them rise under his tender ministrations. Patty could feel the heat building again deep in her loins. Instead of being horrified, as she always thought she would be, she was getting incredibly turned on by her son's gentle hands on her body. When she felt Jeff reach down to grab the hem of her nightgown a shudder ran through her. When he began pulling it up, she raised her arms to allow him to remove the last of her clothing. Jeff began kissing his mother again as his hands roamed over her nude body.

"Jeff, we really shouldn't be doing this, but I can't push you away," she told him as she watched Jeff slowly begin removing his own clothing. When he had reached the point where he was standing only in his briefs, she stopped him before he could take those off.

"Let me," she said as she slowly slid them down over his hips and down to the floor. Patty quickly stepped back, wanting to see her son in all his nude glory. She was impressed by the length and girth of the stiff rod between his legs. She had gone without a man ever since her husband had died a few years previously. Patty knew that this would end shortly as she looked into her son's lust-filled eyes. Jeff stepped up to his mother and pulled her back into his arms, kissing her neck then licking and sucking his way down to the pert nipples on her breasts. He greedily sucked the first one he came to in his mouth, gently nipping the turgid nipple. Her groans from this assault on her senses grew with each second as Jeff's erection pressed against her. Once again her legs betrayed her by losing the ability to hold her up. When she felt herself going down to the floor, she pulled her horny son down with her.

"Mom, are you sure," he asked her. When he saw his mother nod her agreement, he sank even farther down and began kissing her nether lips. He circled his tongue all around her growing clit, her arousal becoming evident in the ample juices flowing from her cunt. Jeff lapped the juices from her, savoring the taste of her. Patty couldn't remember the last time she had been this excited, even her husband had never given her the feelings that her teen-aged son was creating in her. She could feel her orgasm building again, the waves of pleasure quickly approaching. When Jeff saw his mother's hips begin undulating, he quickly inserted two fingers into the birth canal that he had come from. He sawed his fingers in and out of her until he noticed the rough spot on the roof of her pussy. When he remembered reading about this being the sign of a woman's g-spot, he quickly began massaging the little patch. When Patty felt her son begin caressing this little spot, she realized it was just the push she needed to help her go over the precipice to her orgasm. Holly was taking this all in with a tiny smile on her face. She had wanted Jeff and their mother for a couple of years. She could feel the heat building in her loins, creating a delicious languor in her limbs.

"Oh my GOD!! That's it. Don't stop, you're driving me crazy!" she told him as the waves of ecstasy washed over her. She could feel her cunt clenching around the boy's fingers as her orgasm took her over. Amazingly, her pussy began spurting her love juices, catching Jeff in the face as he continued sawing his fingers in and out of his mother's tight cunt. Patty began clutching frantically at her son, working to pull him on top of her. When he felt her hands trying to maneuver him into position to mount her, Jeff worried that he might be moving too fast.

"Mom, you can still say no," he told her as he looked for any signs of uncertainty in her eyes. Patty knew that her son was willing to stop at any time; thus empowered she kissed him softly, happy in the knowledge that this would not just be sex, but making love in the truest sense of the word.

"No honey, I don't want to say no. I want you deep inside of me," she told him as she reached down to guide him into her. Jeff was amazed at how tight she was; her cunt was as tight as Holly's was when he took her cherry. He had to take several slow strokes before he finally felt himself buried to the hilt in her tight pussy. As soon as he was all the way in, he kissed his mother, showing her the love he had for her in his every touch. When he felt Patty's pussy release its grip slightly on his throbbing erection, he began slowly stroking in and out of her. Not wanting to be left out, Holly slowly walked to the couple on the floor, then bent down and placed a soft kiss on her mother's lips. Patty opened her eyes and saw her daughter gazing hungrily at them, her need evident. She reached her hand up to her daughter, letting her know she wanted to taste her cunt as her son made love to her. Holly sank down to her knees, lowering her groin to her mother's waiting mouth. Jeff started kissing his sister as she rocked back and forth on their mother's tongue, their tongues intertwining as they both made love to Patty. Jeff felt his mother's pussy begin gripping him tighter as he started stroking harder and faster inside of her. Jeff was enjoying his sister's undulations on their mother's face. He enjoyed watching Holly's breasts swaying on each pelvic thrust she made as Patty licked her dripping cunt.

"Ung... Harder Jeff harder," Patty cried as her son stroked in and out of her. Patty began to feel her orgasm building deep inside of her, its intensity growing as her climax neared. As she got even closer to cumming, she began twirling her tongue faster over her daughter's clit, bringing the younger girl to her orgasm. Holly began kissing Jeff harder, which caused him to begin shooting his seed into his mother, which in turn pushed Patty over the edge to her own fulfillment. The trio thrashed around until their orgasms were complete, the bliss washing over them. When they had all recovered, Holly and Jeff slowly arose from their mother. Patty felt her embarrassment beginning to overtake her again, but Holly saw this and quickly kissed her mother.

"Mom, don't say you're sorry about this, we've both been wanting to do this with you, for a long time," Holly told her mother as she helped Patty to her feet.

"Strangely enough, I don't feel sorry about it as much as I was just embarrassed at how wanton I am," Patty said as she began looking for something to wipe up the cum that was now dribbling down her leg. Finding a paper towel, Jeff handed it to his mother. Patty gratefully took it from her son and held it to her soggy cunt as she hurried to her bathroom to clean up. After grabbing their clothes, Holly and Jeff took this opportunity to take a shower to clean up after the romp they'd had with their mother.

"You planned that all along didn't you, sis?" Jeff asked her, as they climbed into the shower.

"I'm not telling," she told him with a mischievous glint in her eye. With a laugh, Jeff leaned down to kiss his sexy sister, and then began washing her before anything else could come up. When they had both assured themselves they were as clean as they could get, they both went to the bedroom they were sharing with Michelle. Jeff leaned over and placed a kiss on Michelle's nether lips, then quickly gave her a quick orgasm before he sent her to the shower to clean up. After the now-clean girl came back into the room, Jeff took his teen lovers into his arms for one last, quick hug. They each got dressed and decided to go downstairs before anything else came up to delay them.

"Well, I was going to sleep late, but some noises woke me up," Leandra said with a smirk directed at Jeff. Jeff blushed before rushing downstairs, followed by the others. Upon entering the kitchen, Jeff saw that his mother had dressed, but he also noticed a look he couldn't remember seeing on her face before. She looked radiant, the glow in her eyes making her look years younger. Jeff had always thought his mother was pretty, but now she was beautiful. He walked over to her and placed a kiss upon her lips, smiling as he pulled away.

"If you keep that up, she'll never get breakfast fixed," Holly said as she walked into the kitchen. Patty smiled indulgently at Holly as she continued making their meal. When the rest of the women had joined them in the kitchen, Patty placed the food on the table.

"I think we need to figure out how we are going to get to Greece," Leandra said as she looked at each of them. "We don't want to be too conspicuous so we need to figure out a way that will get us there and also allow Jeff to continue his training."

"I have been thinking about this," Diana said, " we should try to find a boat that is headed for Greece. That will allow us to reach our destination as well as give me a chance to train our warrior some more." Upon hearing her son called a warrior, Patty quickly grew concerned. Jeff was about to implant suggestions to relax his mother over this new revelation, when he glanced over to Leandra. She was silently shaking her head, letting him know that this time it would be better to just explain this to his mother.

"Mrs. Linden, may I speak to you privately for a moment?" Leandra asked her as she rose from the table. Patty stood up and followed the beautiful redhead as they went into the living room. Jeff was about to go with them, when Diana placed a restraining hand on his arm.

"It will be okay, young warrior, your mother will be safe, and she will explain it much better than you can," she told him. Jeff's teenaged pride urged him to resent this, but his newborn maturity made him realize that Diana was right. As they finished their breakfast, Patty and Leandra came into the kitchen.

"I've explained everything I can to your mother, and I believe she has hit on the perfect plan," Leandra said as the two women sat back down to the table. They all sat around the table as Leandra explained the plan to the rest of them.

Pier four, slip 17: the boat he was looking for was anchored here. According to the old man he had talked to, this was a boat that was used for smuggling drugs from Greece. Jeff knew this would be the perfect vehicle to carry his band to their destination. Jeff quickly stepped on board the yacht, being careful to not step on any of the lines he saw on the deck. Looking around, Jeff noted the sleek style of the yacht, its lines showing it was built for speed. Glancing up, he could see a woman sunbathing, her blonde hair gleaming from the sun. At that moment he felt something cold and metallic on his neck.

"Who are you and what are you doing here," the man with the gun said. Jeff quickly implanted a suggestion to make the man remove the gun from his neck before he turned around.

"My name is Jeff and I would like to see your boss," he answered, as he continued to bombard the man's brain with different commands.

"Oh, okay, follow me, I will take you to her," the man answered as he climbed the steps leading to the woman he had noticed sunbathing. "My name is Demetrius, I thought you might be someone else." Jeff followed the man until he was standing in front of a woman who could only be described as a goddess. She quickly stood, extending her hand to give Jeff a firm handshake. Jeff could only gape as his eyes traveled quickly over her body. She was just under six feet tall, with dark brown eyes, and pouting lips. Her breasts looked like they were at least 36D, with no sag evident. She had a trim waist, which flared out to a firm ass. Her legs were long and tanned; Jeff couldn't prevent himself from wondering what it would feel like to have them wrapped around him.

"Hi, my name is Jeff Linden. I was hoping we could discuss where my group was going to sleep," he told her. He easily implanted the thoughts to make her think it was her idea to take his troops to Greece.

"Yes I'm Sara Farrell, We have plenty of cabin space for at least twelve people. There is no reason why we shouldn't be able to accommodate you. We will be making stops in Athens, Paros, and of course Olympia," she told him. Jeff surveyed the area around him and agreed with her assessment of the size of the yacht. Jeff looked over the crew to see if it would be safe to bring the women with him. When he was satisfied he could handle them, he went back to Sara and told her that he would bring the women back with him. Before he could turn away from her to leave, Sara kissed him, and then released him with the promise of more showing in her eyes. Jeff began walking toward the steps, and then stopped to inform Sara that he would be back the next day with his entourage and their luggage, and that he hoped they could cast off pretty shortly thereafter.

Jeff met up with the rest of his group at the house, describing the boat he had found and the crew that would be aboard. When he had completed this, everyone began packing the belongings they planned to take with them on their trip. Jeff packed with a heavy heart, unsure if he would ever be able to return here after he had finished with whatever lay in store for him. He had heard them calling it a game and a battle, but he couldn't figure out what they meant. How could a battle be a game? A battle meant that it would be fighting, and in fighting people can be killed. When he had completed getting everything packed, he fell into a dreamless sleep, not even awakening when Michelle and Holly came to bed. The girls could tell that he was tired, so they silently undressed and climbed into bed beside him.

When Jeff woke up the next morning, the sound of birds chirping filling the air, their singing seemed out of place as he realized this could very well be the last time he would wake up in this house. After taking his shower, he quickly got dressed and stepped outside, willing himself to remember all of this when he felt like he could go on no longer. He knew sometimes memories are all that can make a man go forward when there is no sign of hope around him. When he felt the tension beginning to lift he went back inside the house to eat breakfast with the women.

Breakfast was a quiet affair as everyone pondered the upcoming events. The only time the silence was broken was when someone would ask for something to be passed to him or her. After getting away from everyone for a little while, Jeff felt his confidence growing again, and he almost felt an eagerness to face whatever lay before him. When everyone had completed breakfast they all made doing the dishes a group effort. There was little conversation as they completed their task, each knowing the thoughts going through the others' heads. When they had completed this, they all grabbed their suitcases, loading them in the trunk of the car.

When they reached the slip their boat was docked in, Jeff glanced at the name of the boat. When he saw the name Olympus, he thought it was a great name, but when Diana saw the name, her breath caught in her throat.

"Young warrior, how did you find out about this boat?" she asked.

"I was just asking around and this old guy told me that this might be the one I should take," he told her. As Diana warily approached the vessel, Jeff could almost feel the tension coming from her. He quickly shook off the feeling of foreboding that went through him. As he handed the rest of their luggage to Demetrius, he climbed aboard the yacht that would be home to them until they reached Greece. As the boat left the dock, Jeff wondered if he would ever see his home again.
Chapter 8
Home | Top | Night Wolf's Page |   Feedback to author


 
Home | Night Wolf's Page « Ahead of the Game Index « Previous
Chapter 8
Posted: November 14, 2003 - 02:27:56 pm

Jeff watched the harbor fade in the distance as the powerful engines carried them away. Diana walked up beside him as he mused on the events facing him. She was about to speak when the sound of a blasting horn from a nearby freighter frightened her. With a startled yelp, she suddenly leapt into his arms. Jeff noticed a difference in the feel of her against him. He could feel her left breast pressing against him, but he noticed she didn't have a right breast. Different reasons for this ran through his mind. Had she had a mastectomy? Dismissing this due to her otherwise robust health, he began sifting the bits of information he had learned about her in the short time he had known her: Her strength, her disdain for men, her missing right breast. Wonderingly he looked into her eyes, when it suddenly dawned on him. It was impossible, but the only explanation that made any sense at all was staring him in the face. Diana was an Amazon! Diana could see the realization of her identity in his eyes. When she saw the realization dawn on Jeff, her respect for him grew. Here was a man that had intelligence and cunning. Even with the limited training she had given him, she could tell that he was a natural. His reflexes and finesse were the most impressive she had ever seen.

"Were you wanting to tell me something, Princess?" he asked her as he slowly released her.

"You do not have to call me Princess, young warrior. I never thought I would say this of any man, but we are equals," she answered, as she looked him squarely in the eye.

"If we are equals, I would rather you called me Jeff, if you would, please," he told her as he smiled at her.

"Okay,... Jeff. I have always been told that men were inferior. But now I know that you are not like other men. I will be honored to call you Jeff if you will call me Diana," she answered with a smile of her own. She knew this young man's destiny was yet to be fulfilled, but he was on his way.

"Okay, Diana. I had been wondering why you seemed to hate me..." he started to say.

"No, I don't hate men. As I have just told you, I was taught that men were inferior, but since I have begun training you, I see why you were the one chosen to receive the Oberon Ring," she said.

"Oh, okay. Cool, that makes sense I guess," he replied. Jeff once again let his mind drift over the recent events that had taken place, and all the other proceedings yet to come. Diana could see he was deep in thought, but a question had been nagging at her in the back of her mind. Everything was just too coincidental. Finding this exact boat just when they needed it was no accident, she knew.

"I asked you earlier how you found this boat," she said. "Can you tell me anything more?"

"Well... the old man that told me about this was kind of strange. It almost seemed like he was laughing at me. I kind of felt like he knew more about this than he was telling me," he told her. Diana suddenly smiled as she realized who the 'old man' was. It could have been none other than Zeus himself. He had often taken different forms whenever he made earthly visits. She knew that he particularly delighted in this sport as he had often done this to seduce women. Satisfied with her conclusions, she decided to begin Jeff's training in earnest now. She knew Zeus loved his little game, and she wanted to make sure her newfound friend was more than ready for it.

"Are you ready to begin your training again youn... I mean Jeff?" she asked him. When he nodded, she produced his sword, seemingly out of thin air. Handing the sword to him, she stepped back and assumed her defensive position. As the pair began their mock battle, Sara stepped out of the cabin. When she saw Jeff and Diana dueling, a shudder passed through her. She had felt a stirring deep in her loins when she first saw Jeff, and as she watched him battling his obviously skilled opponent, moistness began to form in her hot cunt. Oblivious to the arrival of their spectator, Jeff and Diana continued their heated training, each blow coming inches away from doing mortal damage to the other. As Sara watched the two, she didn't notice that her right hand began squeezing and pinching her nipples, making the sensitive buds come to life. When she realized what she was doing, Sara looked around to make sure that nobody else had noticed. Seeing that she was safe, she increased the intensity of the assault on her breasts. When the heat became too much for her to stand, Sara began squeezing her thighs together to heighten the delicious desire she felt in her pussy.

"Excuse me Miss, are you the owner of this boat?" a feminine voice behind her asked. Startled, Sara quickly whipped around, embarrassed to be caught indulging her carnal cravings.

"Er... um, yes, I own it. Is there something wrong?" she asked. Sara was too ashamed to look into the eyes of the newcomer at first, but as her eyes drifted up from the woman's feet in front of her, she took in a stunning package of femininity. Stunning legs led to flared hips, then to a very trim waist. Perched above the woman's flat abdomen was a very delicious set of breasts, their firmness beyond question. The bikini she wore left very little to the imagination, displaying the redhead's ample charms to their best advantage. Only covering her nipples and slit, it hinted at the paradise to be found in the feisty teacher's arms. When Sara finally looked into the beautiful redhead's face, she saw a mischievous glint in her eyes and a smile on her lips.

"I just wanted to know if there was a place where I could go over some studies with Jeff and Holly, I don't want them to fall too far behind in the schoolwork, even if they are on this cruise," she answered. Although it was a flimsy excuse, Leandra couldn't think of any other way to try to get to know the blonde better. She had observed the shapely blonde when they had first come aboard, and had been trying to think of some ways to get her into the room she shared with Diana. Sara had never thought about making love with a woman until that moment, but she knew that if she were to ever try it, she would want this titian beauty to be her first.

"I'm sure we can accommodate you, there is plenty of room for any indoor or outdoor lessons you may wish to conduct," Sara told her. Leandra could see that the luscious blonde wasn't going to play with her at that time, so she decided to look around the rest of the boat. As she strolled along the deck, she looked out upon the water, enjoying the peace that seemed to envelop her. Beginning to feel restless, Leandra decided to rejoin Sara, both for her company as well as to watch Jeff's training. Although she had seen it several times before, the give and take of sword fighting never ceased to fascinate Leandra. The movements of the combatants reminded her of a macabre dance. As Sara and Leandra continued watching, Holly and Michelle joined them, wanting to be close to the young man who owned their tender young hearts. Michelle looked radiant as she gazed at the scene before her, silently cheering her lover on. Holly felt her insides churning as she frantically ran to the railing, trying to avoid making a mess on the deck. Leandra gazed curiously at Holly as she watched the retching young girl. Wanting to make Holly feel better, Leandra walked over to the young girl, holding her head as her stomach continued to expel its contents. Wanting to help Holly get over her queasiness, Leandra began to let her mind wander throughout the younger girl's mind and body. Just as she was about to remove her consciousness from Holly, she saw something that made her smile, then shake her head in wonderment. The tiny embryo, nestled snugly in Holly's womb, brought a warm feeling to Leandra. Shaking her head to get her mind back on the task she had begun, Leandra eased the seasickness in the pale mother-to-be.

"Oh, thank you. That is much better," Holly told her as she moved unsteadily away from the railing. Leandra debated over telling Holly of her impending good fortune, but decided to wait till a more opportune time. Holly was embarrassed at getting so sick, but sensed the beautiful redhead was somehow responsible for her getting rid of the nausea that had been plaguing her. The only puzzling thing for the young girl was the secretive smile she saw on Leandra's face every time she glanced at her. Shrugging it off, Holly changed out of her dirty outfit and decided to put on a bikini to see if she could once again entice her brother into a bout of lovemaking. As they walked back to rejoin the others, Holly couldn't help but notice the other women staring at Jeff. When she saw this, the jealousy rampaged throughout her body, momentarily making her stop in her tracks. Leandra noticed this, and quietly smiled to herself, likening Holly's reaction to a mother bear protecting her cubs.

"That is enough training for today, Jeff," Diana told the young man. Unable to admit that Jeff would soon equal her skill, she still grudgingly allowed her respect for him to grow. He was everything they had been wanting and more. His reflexes were phenomenal and his mind was razor sharp. It was time to step up his training now. He had his defensive tactics down pat; now it was time to teach him how to take the offensive. Diana knew he would quickly be proficient at this as well.

Jeff stepped out of the shower, finally getting rid of the sweat from his workout. He had been looking forward to this as soon as Diana had told him they were finished for the day. He quickly drew on his swimming trunks and went out to join the rest. Jeff hadn't seen his mother for quite awhile, so he decided to find her before he did anything else. As Jeff stepped out on the deck, a movement caught his eyes. There, away from the others was Demetrius and his mother involved in what appeared to be a deep discussion. Jeff began walking toward them until he heard his mother's laugh drifting toward him. With a small grin on his lips, Jeff began walking toward the others, only to be waylaid by Leandra.

"Jeff, I need to talk to you. It's about your sister," she told him as she led him away from the others.

"Holly? Is something wrong with her? I know she was seasick before, but I figured you had taken care of that or she had gotten over it," the worried boy said.

"No, there is nothing wrong with her, but you don't want her to train anymore. I don't know any other way to tell you this so I will just tell you. Holly is pregnant," she informed him

"Pregnant? Who is the son of a bitch that got my sister pregnant? I'm going to kill that motherfucker," he fumed. When Leandra began laughing, Jeff got even madder. He couldn't believe that Leandra would find this so funny. His sister had been a virgin until... Suddenly realization spread across his features, causing him to gape in wonder, then he joined her in her laughter. He was the son of a bitch he had just vowed to kill. He couldn't believe how stupid he felt just then. When Jeff was finally able to stop laughing, another thought struck him. Would Holly be okay? Would the baby be normal? Should he be risking both their lives by taking them with him? Leandra understood what was going through Jeff's head without reading his thoughts, and she respected him for it. He was showing the signs of responsibility she had come to expect from him.

"Jeff, Holly is going to be fine, and when I saw the embryo, I can promise you that it is a normal healthy baby. As for bringing her along, there is no way you could have gotten her to stay home. She was going to come with you no matter what. Your mother wouldn't have stayed home either. They love you too much to want you to go without them to at least lend moral support," she told him. Unconvinced, Jeff began worrying if this whole trip wasn't a mistake. He knew this was his responsibility, but he still didn't want to put his loved ones in danger. Knowing this was something Jeff would have to work out on his own, Leandra went to rejoin Diana, hoping to lure her to the cabin they shared for a little afternoon nap. Jeff knew he had no other choice than to fulfill the destiny planned for him. Jeff decided to join the girls, get his mind off the future, and just enjoy the trip. Just as Jeff was about to reach the girls, someone else once again stopped him. This time it was Sara pulling him aside.

"Hi, I've been wanting to get you alone for a little while. I wanted to discuss what we are going to do when we get to Greece," she told him. Jeff followed her to her room. When they stepped through the door, Sara closed the door, then turned back to Jeff.

"I didn't really need to talk to you about anything, I just wanted a chance to be alone with you," she told him as she wrapped her arms around his neck. Jeff bent over and took her into his arms, kissing her softly as he felt her pressing against him. Jeff let his hands roam down her body, cupping her ass in his hands. He pulled her groin into his, allowing her to feel the effect she was having on him. Sara could feel his throbbing organ pushing against her slit. She had never given herself to a man before, but she wanted to explore the possibilities with him. Jeff began to knead the girl's tight ass as he deepened the kiss, slowly entwining his tongue with hers. Sara uttered a soft moan as the heat started building in her, threatening to burn her with its intensity. Sara started pressing her breasts against Jeff, trying to pull him even closer, her nipples flattening against his chest. Jeff quickly untied the top of her bikini and stepped back, removing the bra encasing her luscious breasts. He stood there, staring in awe at her pendulous tits, the tear-shaped mounds beckoning him.

"Like what you see?" she asked as she saw the wonderment in his face.

"Uh, yeah. Those are the most beautiful breasts I've ever seen," he stammered, taking her breasts into his hands. He gently thumbed her nipples until they became erect, and then, bending down, he began sucking softly on first one then the other. Sara began pulling Jeff's head into her breasts as she pushed her chest into him, urging him to take more of her heavy tits into his mouth. Jeff had never felt this way before, he had been excited before with the rest of them, but the closest he could remember to this feeling was when he made love with Holly. He had just met Sara, but he was experiencing the same emotions he had felt with his sister. Jeff let his hands wander down to Sara's bikini bottom and untied it as well, then stepped back again to look at her in all her splendor. Sara blushed under Jeff's scrutiny, yet stood proudly before him. Jeff gazed hungrily at the beautiful blonde, anxious to get into her hot pussy. Leading Sara to the waiting bed, Jeff began kissing his way down her trim stomach, only pausing when he reached her hairless cunt. He slowly twirled his tongue around her hooded clit, causing it to become erect. Sucking it into his mouth, he sucked it in and out of his mouth, intensifying the feelings for the now-panting woman.

"Ung yeah Jeff, harder. I'm about there. Please, Jeff, harder," she told him as she began to writhe under his swirling tongue. Wanting to push her over the edge to her orgasm, Jeff began to slowly insert his finger in her waiting cunt, but met an obstruction after he had gotten the probing digit in up to his first knuckle. Jeff raised his head to glance enquiringly at the undulating girl.

"You're a virgin?" he asked her.

"Yes, I'm saving it for the man I am going to marry, but there are other ways to make love, you know," she told him. Jeff looked quizzically at her until the realization of what she meant slowly dawned on him. Jeff resumed his licking on her sopping cunt until he felt her hands begin clutching him to her, the strength of the straining girl amazing him. The moans and thrashing of her hips told him she had reached her orgasm. He continued his oral assault on her swollen clit until finally she pushed him away, unable to tolerate any more stimulation on the overly sensitive nubbin. Jeff quickly joined her at the head of the bed, taking her into his arms to snuggle with her until she had recovered from her mind-blowing ecstasy.

"Where did you learn that? Never mind, that doesn't matter. What else do you know?" she asked with a lusty grin. Jeff just smiled as he maneuvered her onto her hands and knees, the beautiful globes of her firm ass pointing enticingly into the air. As soon as Sara realized what Jeff was doing, she grabbed his semi-erect cock and pulled him to her, guiding him into her mouth to lubricate it for the journey into her ass. Sara began sucking him deep into her mouth, bobbing her head up and down in order to further excite the boy. When she was convinced he was slick and ready to take her, she released him and held the mounds of her bottom open to his horny gaze. Scooping up some of the copious juices from her steaming twat, Jeff slowly pushed first one, then a second finger into the tiny brown star winking at him, opening it for his invasion. When he was sure she was slick enough to allow him entry, he slowly guided the head of his cock to the now lubed opening.

"Please take it slow, baby, I haven't done this very often, and if you go too fast you could really hurt me," she told him. Jeff began gently pushing into the wrinkled brown hole, allowing Sara to set the pace. When he had his cockhead lodged inside her, he stopped, enjoying the tightness of the sphincter gripping him. When he felt her relax, he pulled out slightly, then pushed in again, gaining another half-inch. The pair continued this pattern until Jeff's dick was firmly entrenched within her. Jeff waited for Sara to catch her breath before he started slowly stroking in and out of her tight asshole. Wanting to make it as good as possible for her, Jeff kept it slow and easy until he felt her begin pushing back at him. When he noticed this, he began pumping in and out of her harder and faster, enjoying the way her ass almost sucked him deeper and deeper. As Sara started her climb back up the pinnacle she had already reached once with Jeff's oral assault on her hungry pussy, she began rocking her hips into him harder, letting him know she was ready for more vigorous stroking from the young man. Feeling this, Jeff reached around her and began massaging her clit, rubbing it hard and fast in an effort to help her cum more quickly.

"Oh yeah, oh yeah," she panted as her orgasm speedily overtook her. When Jeff felt the muscles begin contracting around his hard cock, he began shooting his seed deeply into her hot, churning ass. Sara could feel his hot spunk spewing into her bowels, which only strengthened the spasms in her cunt. As soon as her orgasm had finally released her from its grip, Sara collapsed onto the bed, completely spent. Jeff could feel his cock sliding out of her hot asshole, when she slid to the bed. With a sigh, he walked into the bathroom to retrieve a washcloth to wipe the accumulated fluids off their sweating bodies. Jeff was wiping his spunk from her legs, when Demetrius burst into the room.

"Sir, come quickly. You must hide your women. We are in trouble," he told them. Jeff quickly dressed, then hurried out to see what could have excited the man.
Chapter 9
Home | Top | Night Wolf's Page |   Feedback to author


 
Home | Night Wolf's Page « Ahead of the Game Index « Previous
Chapter 9
Posted: November 14, 2003 - 02:27:56 pm

As soon as Jeff had the girls tucked safely away in their rooms, he went on deck to see what could have gotten Demetrius so excited. When he stepped outside, he saw a Coast Guard cutter anchored to their boat.

"Hi, is there something I can help you with?" Jeff asked as he stepped up to the closest man. The man looked like he had been overworked, the fatigue showing on his ruddy face. He could have been 30, but he looked to be closer to 40.

"We were told you were smuggling women on here," the uniformed man informed him.

"Ah, I see. Where is the officer in charge?" Jeff asked as he looked over the personnel from the cutter. When the man wearily pointed to his commander onboard the cutter, Jeff quickly stepped toward the craft. When two of the Coasties attempted to stop him, Jeff merely implanted a command to move them out of his way. Walking up to the captain, Jeff considered just using his abilities to get him to let them go, but that wouldn't tell him who was determined to stop him from reaching Greece.

"I hope you have a good reason to stop us this way," he told him.

"Now see here..." the officer began. Jeff quickly delved into the man's mind to prevent what was sure to be a confrontation. Seeing that he would be more agreeable now, Jeff decided now would be a good time to get the answers he was seeking.

"Who told you we were smuggling women? Why pick now to stop us?" Jeff asked him.

"An old man told us you had kidnapped some women in Nashville and were smuggling them to Greece. We stopped you now before you reached international waters. Otherwise you would have been out of our jurisdiction," he answered.

"An old man? What did this old man look like?" Jeff asked.

"He was wearing a brown robe, and he smiled all the time," the captain answered. When Jeff heard this he felt a chill run down his spine. He instinctively knew he was talking about the same old man that had told him how to find the boat in the first place. Jeff decided to worry about that later, as he once again entered the officer's mind and directed him to tell his men to let them be on their way. As soon as he had done this, Jeff decided it was time to go back to his own boat to make sure all the women were safe. When he stepped back on board their yacht, Jeff stepped over to Demetrius and stood beside him. The men still on board their yacht had not yet searched the rooms, but just as they were beginning to open the door, the captain on board the cutter called them back.

"Get back on board, these people are clean," he told them. "That old man didn't know what he was talking about." Jeff watched the men heading back to the cutter, knowing they were safe for now. He knew they would need to keep their eyes open for any more surprises. Demetrius was confused at the sudden turn of events, but knew enough not to question Jeff until the Coast Guard was gone. Jeff waited until the cutter had disappeared from sight before he opened the door to beckon the women out. Michelle and Holly ran up to Jeff, throwing their arms around him and knocking him to the ground in their exuberance. With a sheepish grin, Jeff looked up, to see Sara watching them with tears in her eyes. Quickly getting to his feet, Jeff took Sara into his arms, wanting to comfort her.

"What's wrong? Why are you so sad?" he asked her as he stroked her hair.

"I'm not sad, I'm happy. I thought we were all going to be arrested. I..." she told him, before she turned and ran back to her room. Jeff followed her, confused at her outburst. When he reached her room, the door was closed. Jeff was about to knock on the door when he heard the sound of crying inside. Jeff decided to question Demetrius to see if he might know why the beautiful blonde would be crying, so he headed back to join the others on deck. Jeff glanced around, looking for the burly Greek. When he spotted him talking to Patty, Jeff walked over and asked her if he could speak with Demetrius privately for a few moments. Patty went to talk to Holly and Michelle while Jeff talked to Demetrius.

"Ah, young Jeff, I was wanting to talk to you as well, I'm glad you came to see me. I wanted to ask the man of the household's permission to date your mother," he told him. Upon hearing these words, Jeff gaped at the older man, unsure of what was expected of him. When the meaning finally dawned on him, Jeff began to smile; happy to know his mother had finally found a man that would treat her as she deserved to be treated.

"Sure. I admit to being surprised, but I can see my mother thinks a lot of you," he told the older man. With a formal bow Jeff told him, "It would be an honor to have a man like you in our family." Jeff tried hard to keep the smile off his face, and then he could control himself no longer as he burst into laughter. Seeing anger beginning to cloud the other man's face, Jeff quickly apologized. "I'm sorry, I wasn't laughing at you, I was just so happy I couldn't resist," he told him. Mollified, Demetrius smiled at the son of the woman he was falling in love with. Demetrius was about to go to Patty to tell her the good news when he remembered Jeff had wanted to talk to him about something.

"Was there something else? What can I help you with?" he asked. Jeff had completely forgotten what he had wanted to ask Demetrius until then.

"Yes, I wanted to ask you why Sara is so upset. Since she is your niece I thought you would be the man I should talk to," he told him. Demetrius looked into the younger man's eyes. Satisfied with what he saw there, he considered what he should tell him. He wouldn't betray Sara's trust, but Jeff was Patty's son.

"I'm sorry. That is Sara's information to give you. I will tell her that I believe you can be trusted with it, though. I can do no more. I am sorry my young friend," he finally said. Jeff knew Demetrius knew more than he was telling him, but he didn't want to probe the man's mind to find out what he was hiding. He felt he owed him respect, especially since he was now dating Jeff's mother.

"I have one other question to ask you. I would like your permission to date Sara, if it is ok with her," he said, making sure to look him in the eyes. Demetrius had suspected Jeff was enamored with his niece and had already prepared for this.

"Yes, you have my permission, providing of course that Sara is agreeable. However, know this. If you hurt my niece, there is nothing on this earth that can save you. I do think you will treat her well, so you have my blessing. I do, however, have one question. I have seen the two girls around you most of the time. What is their connection to you? Remember I don't want my niece to be hurt," he told him.

"Holly is my sister, and Michelle is a girl I have taken into my protection. I know you want to make sure Sara is happy, that is why I will tell you anything you would like to know," Jeff told him. He could understand why Demetrius would worry about that, but Jeff knew he and Holly would never be able to marry, and he didn't really love Michelle. Jeff now knew that he was falling for Sara and he could see the two of them building a life together if he was able to get through this game. Jeff put Sara out of his mind as soon as he remembered what he had facing him. He knew he was going to have to keep his mind on the battle, or he wouldn't be able to build any kind of life at all. Jeff suddenly remembered something he wanted to discuss with Diana, so he began looking for her, knowing he would find her with Leandra. Demetrius stared after the young man, thinking Jeff must really love Sara if he became distracted so easily, not realizing the other things Jeff faced. Jeff continued looking for Diana, finally looking in the room she shared with Leandra. The women were getting dressed as he came in, causing Jeff to momentarily stumble as he came into the room. Although he had seen Leandra naked before, this was the first time Jeff had actually seen Diana undressed. He knew Amazons cut off their right breasts to allow them to use a bow and arrow better, but this was the first time he had ever seen the effect it had on their bodies. Diana continued getting dressed, aware of the scrutiny from Jeff, but she knew he respected her enough to not make any attempts to seduce her. When she had completed dressing she turned to him.

"Did you need something, or were you just wanting to watch us dress?" Diana asked as she smiled at him to take the sting out of the words. Jeff blushed slightly at the words, knowing Diana was just teasing him.

"Yes, I wanted to tell you what I learned earlier from the captain of that Coast Guard cutter. It sounds to me like the same old man that told me how to find this boat also turned us in. Do you know anything about him?" he asked. Diana considered telling him what she knew, but she knew that was against the rules. Jeff had to figure it out on his own. From what she had noticed, Jeff had a quick mind. He picked up things more quickly than she thought he would

"I'm sorry Jeff, I'm not allowed to tell you anything other than you have to figure that out on your own," she told him. Jeff already figured this was what she would tell him, but he didn't think it hurt anything to ask anyway. He didn't even consider using his abilities on her; he knew he needed to find other ways to deal with his problems, and he might not even be able to use them on her anyway. Jeff turned to Leandra, knowing he would probably get the same answer, but he also knew that she and Diana both knew what was going on.

"Can you tell me anything Leandra?" he asked.

"No, I'm forbidden to tell you anything, but I can confirm any guesses you might have," she replied. Jeff thought about this, knowing she had given him something to work with. Jeff knew he wouldn't find his answers here, so he decided to hunt for Sara to see if she felt any better. Leandra could see Jeff's feelings for Sara, but she knew that even Jeff didn't realize exactly what he was feeling for the beautiful blonde. Jeff went to Sara's room, hoping she wasn't still crying, but he could still hear the soft sobbing behind the closed door.

"Sara?" he softly said as he knocked. Jeff heard her moving in her room, but figured she wasn't going to answer the door. Jeff turned to leave when the door suddenly opened. Sara had tried to clear the traces of her crying from her face, but the red eyes and nose gave her away. She tried to keep up a brave front, but when Jeff took her into his arms, she collapsed against him. When Jeff felt her sobbing against his chest, he tilted her head up so he could see her face. He gently began kissing the tears away, hoping to take away her pain. Sara melted into his arms as she intercepted his mouth and began kissing him deeply. She had been hurting badly when she saw the girls tackling him. She didn't know how to deal with her growing feelings for Jeff. When he gently pushed her away from him, she began to cry again until he spoke.

"I asked your uncle for permission to ask you to be my girlfriend. He said it was okay with him, but I had to ask you first. Would you please be my girlfriend? I really like you a lot already," he told her. Upon hearing his words, a radiant smile spread across Sara's face.

"Yes, I really want to be your girlfriend, but what about those other two girls?" she asked him. Jeff had expected this, so her question didn't phase him.

"Holly is my sister and Michelle is a girl I am protecting. I want to be your boyfriend, and only yours," he told her as he took her into his arms. Jeff began kissing her again, deepening the kiss as he felt her pressing against him. Jeff began caressing up and down her back, finally settling for cupping her ass in his hands. Sara found it hard to step away from him to remove her clothes, but she had decided Jeff was the man she was going to marry. Hurriedly she shed her bikini, and then lay down on the bed. Jeff quickly removed his clothes to join her on the bed. Jeff pulled her into his arms and began kissing her again, enjoying the feel of her lips against his. He started stroking her sides tenderly, savoring the silky feel of her skin. When Sara felt Jeff's cock trapped between them, she reached down and boldly began stroking it, hoping to make him even more aroused. As she rubbed his cock, Jeff began kissing his way down her body. Taking one of her nipples into his mouth, he suckled at it, feeling it grow in his mouth. When he took her other nipple into his mouth, Sara pulled his head closer to her, urging him to take more of her breast into his mouth. Jeff increased his suction, trying to add to Sara's pleasure. When she moaned, Jeff started trailing kisses down her stomach, pausing to lick her belly button. Sara giggled until Jeff lowered his mouth to her steaming cunt. He took her clit into his mouth and began sucking on it, immediately sending Sara into a shattering orgasm.

"Oh my god! I've never, ever felt anything like this," she cried as she ground her pelvis into his mouth. Jeff hung on for the ride, wanting to give her all the pleasure he could. When she came down from her orgasm, she started kissing him, starting at his lips then working her way down. When she reached his cock, she gently licked the head; tasting his pre-cum. Jeff flinched when he felt her rough tongue against his sensitive dick.

"Oh yeah, that feels good, but I want to be inside you baby," he told her as he went to the dresser to get the lubricant they had used the last time they were in this bed.

"You won't need that sweetheart," she told him after he had found it.

"But won't that hurt you? I don't want to do anything that will hurt you," he told her.

"I hear it always hurts the first time," she replied, holding her arms out to him. Jeff just gaped at her until the meaning of her words sunk in.

"Are you sure, I mean you told me you were saving yourself for the man you're going to marry," he told her.

"I did. Now I am ready to give it to you. I love you and I want to spend the rest of my life with you," she told him. Jeff felt like his whole world had turned upside down. Here was this beautiful woman, telling him she loved him. He had never imagined this in any of his dreams.

"I love you too. I just realized it, but I really do love you," he told her. When Sara heard these words, she pulled Jeff down to her. She quickly grabbed his cock, guiding him into her. Jeff slowly began pushing into her, but her cunt was so tight he didn't think he would ever get it into her. He withdrew his cock and began rubbing it up and down her hot slit, getting it wet with her juices. Sara grew impatient, wanting to feel him inside of her. She took his cock and guided it to her sopping entrance, then began pulling him into her. Jeff could feel his cock slowly sink into her, her heat surrounding the head. He began stroking in and out of her very slowly, working to get even deeper into her. Finally Jeff met the last obstruction, the membrane blocking any further progress. Jeff decided to take his time for this last step. He decided to rub her clit again to get her ready for this last step, but Sara had waited long enough. She grabbed his hips and yanked him into her.

"My god, that hurts," she cried as she felt him sink all the way in. Jeff grew concerned at the pain etched on her beautiful face. He lay still, letting her get used to the invasion of his steel hard rod. When he felt the muscles of her pussy begin to relax, Jeff kissed her and began stroking in and out of her. He could feel the rippling of her muscles as they slid along his cock. He knew he couldn't last much longer, so he began playing with her clit, urging her to reach her climax. Sara could feel it building deep inside of her, its intensity frightening her. When Jeff felt her getting close, he began pumping in and out of her, wanting to push her over the precipice to her orgasm. At last, he knew he couldn't hold his own orgasm at bay. He could feel his cum boiling in his balls, making its way out to spill inside her. When Sara felt Jeff spurting his seed deep into her, it finally sent her over the edge. Her climax took her over, causing her to spasm beneath Jeff. She pulled Jeff deeper into her, trying to become one with him. When they finally came down, Jeff kissed her softly, showing her with actions, not words, he meant it when he told her he loved her.

Demetrius and Patty were walking to her room when they heard the sounds of Jeff and Sara in the throes of lovemaking. Demetrius had figured this would happen when he gave Jeff his consent to date his lovely niece. Demetrius had told Patty about asking Jeff's permission. When Patty looked concerned, he told her that Jeff had given his permission. Patty's face glowed when she heard this welcome news. She had recognized the signs of love she was feeling. When she found out she was desirable to Demetrius, she felt like a teenaged girl again. She didn't realize how serious he was though, until he told her about asking Jeff. She felt herself melting when he opened the door to her room. When he had closed the door, he took her into his arms, making her forget everything but this man with her. She didn't want him to think she was a slut, but she did want him to make her his woman. She knew it was old-fashioned, but she had always felt that a woman's place was beside her man.

"I know I am rushing you my dearest, but I have been thinking about this since the first time I saw you," he told her. Patty decided to let her actions speak for her as she pulled his head down to hers to kiss him. When Demetrius felt her lips part, he snaked his tongue into her mouth. Their tongues dueled as they felt the heat rising between them. When Demetrius finally began touching her, Patty moved his hand to her breast, hoping to let him know she wanted more. As he began kneading her breast, Patty released a sigh. Her passion now evident, Patty began tearing Demetrius' clothes off of him. When she had him stripped to his boxer shorts, Demetrius decided it was time to remove Patty's clothing as well. He reverently removed each piece of clothing, kissing every spot of flesh he exposed.

"Yes, just like that. I want to feel your lips and hands all over me. Please don't stop," she pleaded as he removed the last of her clothes. As Demetrius gazed at her, Patty felt herself begin to blush. Demetrius couldn't believe his good fortune; he had never truly loved a woman until this gorgeous creature came into his life. He couldn't imagine not ever being with her again. He swore then that he would never leave this woman's side. Patty knelt in front of him, and slowly removed his boxer shorts, revealing his turgid cock. She gently licked the shaft, savoring the taste of him. When she was sure he was wet enough, she took his prick into her mouth, nearly swallowing it in her haste. She began bobbing her head up and down, wanting to give him as much pleasure as she could.

"No, not this way Sweetheart, I want to feel myself inside of you," he told her as he pulled her tenderly to her feet. He led her to the bed, and then gently laid her upon it. Patty reached for him, wanting to feel him against her. Demetrius took his time, first kissing her, and then gently massaging her clit. When he felt the wetness seeping from her hot slit, he climbed on top of her, guiding his cock into her silky entrance. He was able to get all of his prick deep inside her on the first stroke, but rather than pumping in and out right away, he gave her the chance to get used to his girth. When she began writhing under him, he began a slow, steady rhythm inside of her, trying to coax, instead of force, her into an orgasm. This display of tenderness ignited Patty, she began undulating under him uncontrollably, pulling Demetrius along for the ride. As her climax hit her, Patty began shuddering, whispering her love for this incredible man. When Demetrius felt her cunt spasming around his cock, he began spilling his seed deep inside her, his cum splashing against her cervix. Instead of withdrawing after he had cum, Demetrius stayed inside this incredible woman, enjoying the feel of her wrapped around him.

Jeff could hear somebody in his mother's room when he knocked on the door. Thinking it was only Patty in there, he opened the door and saw Demetrius on top of his panting mother. Quickly apologizing, he began to step out of the room, when he bumped into Sara who was standing behind him. With a giggle Sara ran out of there, leaving a blushing Jeff standing in the doorway. Demetrius calmly pulled the covers over Patty and himself and told Jeff they would be out shortly. Jeff hurried out of the room and stepped out on deck, glad to be out of that embarrassing situation. Seeing Sara standing with Holly and Michelle, he walked over to them. When he reached them, he draped his arm around Sara's shoulders, wanting to show the world they were now a couple. Sara enjoyed the warmth of Jeff's arm around her, the weight comforting after their lovemaking. Holly and Michelle saw the look in the couple's eyes as they looked at each other, seeing the love blossoming between the two. Holly walked up to Sara and hugged her.

"Welcome to the family, I can see Jeff loves you a lot, she told her. Michelle shyly stood back until Jeff smiled at her. On seeing this, Michelle also hugged Sara to welcome her into the fold. Jeff was happy to see three of the women he cared for most getting along so well. Jeff spotted his mother and Demetrius coming out to join them. When he blushed, everyone laughed at him. Finally seeing the humor in the situation, Jeff joined in, his laughter adding to theirs.

Demetrius called his niece over, and after whispering into her ear, Sara rejoined the younger people. When she reached Jeff, she took his hand and led him to the railing away from the others.

"There is something I need to tell you," she began.
Chapter 10
Home | Top | Night Wolf's Page |   Feedback to author


 
Home | Night Wolf's Page « Ahead of the Game Index « Previous
Chapter 10
Posted: November 14, 2003 - 02:27:56 pm

Jeff could tell Sara wanted to tell him something important. Leading her away from the others, Jeff stopped by the rail, and then looked inquiringly into her eyes. He was sure there was nothing she could tell him that would be too bad.

"I don't own this boat, at least not yet," Sara told a startled Jeff.

"What do you mean, not yet?" he asked her, bewilderment crossing his features.

"An old man told me he has my dad. He told me if I did what he told me to, he would release my father and the boat would be mine," she replied.

"An old man? What did he look like? Why did he say he had your dad?" Jeff asked her.

"He was kind of funny-looking. He just said he would let Daddy go when I got you to Greece," she told him. Jeff felt like the world had dropped onto his shoulders.

"Is that the only reason you are taking us to Greece?" he asked.

"Well, that's how it started, but since I've gotten to know you better, I fell in love with you," she told him, kissing him softly. Jeff instinctively knew she was telling him the truth. He could feel the love she felt for him in her kiss. Jeff was about to deepen the kiss, when he heard a cough behind him.

"I hate to disturb you two, but the navigator said he needed to speak with you, Sara," Demetrius told the pair. The couple held hands as they headed for the bridge. Wondering what could be important enough to summon her, Sara pulled Jeff after her, nearly racing to see the man in charge of piloting her new boat.

"You wanted to see me, Aeneas?" Sara asked as she reached the navigator. Upon hearing Sara call the man Aeneas, he looked closely at the man guiding their boat. Remembering his Greek mythology, Jeff knew it was said Aeneas had never died. Jeff was beginning to understand what was facing him when he got to Greece. Deep in thought, Jeff nearly missed Aeneas's reply...

"Yes, There is a bad storm coming, we need to get everyone below deck," he replied. Sara cast a worried look at the clouds, and then back at the man guiding the boat.

"How bad is it?" she asked.

"It looks to be pretty bad. They are warning everyone to veer off if they can," he replied, wanting to make sure the two realized the importance of getting everything tied down. When Jeff and Sara rejoined the others, they told them what Aeneas had told them.

"If we all get on it, we can have everything secure in no time," Sara told them. Everybody agreed with this and hurried to complete the task. As soon as they finished getting everything secure, Demetrius took one last look around the craft, making sure everything was secure. Seeing everything safe in its place, Sara led Jeff to her room, giggling as they got to her door. Opening the door, Sara ran to her bed, and then waited for Jeff to close the door and join her. When he reached the bed, Sara reached up and grabbed him, pulling him on top of her. After having waited nineteen years to make love for the first time, Sara couldn't believe she was about to have a cock in her pussy again in so short a period.

"Baby, are you sure? It's only been a few hours. I figured you were sore," Jeff asked her as he tenderly kissed her. Sara's lips parted, inviting Jeff to explore her mouth once again. Jeff deepened the kiss, his tongue tasting hers. Pulling away from him slightly, Sara began undressing him, anxious to touch his firm body.

"Oh yeah, I've never been more sure of anything in my life," she answered, practically tearing off his clothes in her rush to get him naked. Jeff grabbed her hands, wanting to slow everything down and make it better for her. Jeff began to undress Sara bit by bit, wanting to let her desire gradually increase. When he finally completed undressing her, Jeff stood so he could remove his own clothing. After removing his shirt, Jeff bent down to remove his shorts. As he lifted his leg to get the shorts off, a wave crashed into the boat, causing Jeff to fall onto the bed and Sara.

"Gotcha where I want you now," Sara said with a giggle, wrapping her arms around Jeff and kissing him soundly. With a smile, Jeff sat up and began removing the rest of his clothing. When he was finished, he lay back beside Sara and pulled her into his arms, caressing her as he began kissing her deeply. Sara began grinding her pelvis against Jeff, wanting to get even closer to him as her arousal continued to climb. Jeff began kissing down her body, pausing at her breasts to suck each of her nipples into his mouth. When Jeff began trailing kisses down to his ultimate goal, Sara grew impatient, grabbing his cock to pull it toward her mouth. When Jeff felt Sara taking his dick into her mouth, he quickened his journey toward her cunt, taking her little nubbin into his mouth to duplicate the feelings she was giving to him. Knowing she wouldn't last long with Jeff's mouth on her clit, she began to speed up the bobbing of her head on his engorged prick. Sara could feel her orgasm beginning to overtake her when the door to the cabin slammed open, startling the pair.

"Jeff, you have to come quickly, your sister was washed overboard!" a frantic Demetrius told him. Not bothering to dress, Jeff raced out the door, hoping to find and save his sister. When Jeff reached the door, he began pushing with all his strength to open the wind-held door. Finding it futile, Jeff remembered the lessons Leandra had so patiently taught him. Jeff concentrated on opening the door, and it swung open, allowing him to rush out onto the deck, with a slightly stunned Demetrius following him. Demetrius led the way to the rails, pointing in the direction that Holly had fallen overboard. The waves kept pounding against the vessel, threatening to take someone else overboard with each passing minute. Jeff looked around frantically, hoping to catch a glimpse of his sister in the churning water. Unable to find her, Jeff decided to try locating her with his mind. Closing his eyes, he began searching for the thoughts he knew would be emanating from his sister. When he was finally able to locate her, Jeff could tell his sister was about to give up. Her struggles against the waves growing weaker, Jeff knew he would have to act quickly. Concentrating fully, Jeff sent his psionic arm to pluck his sister from the rolling waves, being careful not to let her fall from its grasp. With a gasp, Demetrius watched Holly coming back to the boat, appearing to float in mid-air. As Holly approached the craft, the storm suddenly died, its fury seemingly spent.

"What's going on here?" Demetrius asked as Holly neared the boat. Not hearing the older man, Jeff waited until Holly was safely back on board before he rushed to her. Taking her hands in his, Jeff began scanning her body, wanting to see what he would need to do to make her well again. When Jeff saw water in her lungs, he grew worried, afraid he might hurt the baby she carried. Knowing he had to do something or he would lose both of them, Jeff began compressing her lungs, trying to get her to expel the water. When Holly began coughing, Jeff turned her onto her side, wanting to prevent her from choking on the water spewing forth from her lungs. As soon as Jeff saw Holly coming to, he scooped her up into his arms and carried her to the room he was sharing with Sara. After he reached the door, he kicked it a couple of times to get Sara to open it. Once the door swung open, Jeff walked swiftly to the bed to lay Holly on it. Knowing Holly would be uncomfortable, Jeff put her to sleep, letting her body heal itself in slumber.

"Is she going to be okay?" Sara asked, her fear evident in her voice.

"Yeah, she got rid of all the water in her lungs, and the baby is fine, too," Jeff replied, realizing the mistake he had made as soon as the words left his mouth.

"The baby? How far along is she?" Sara asked, the questions tumbling out of her mouth. Jeff knew he would lose her if he told her the truth, but he couldn't turn his back on his sister, either. Motioning for Sara to sit on the bed by his sister, Jeff decided to explain everything, not wanting lies to ever come between them.

"Okay, I know this is going to be tough to believe. Shit, it's happening to me and it's hard for me to believe," he began. Sara nodded, waiting for him to go on.

"A couple of weeks ago, I went to school just like any other day. My teacher told me to wait after class, and when class was over, she gave me a ring. It made it where I could use my mind to move things and other stuff. After that, all sorts of weird shit started happening, Diana showed up and started teaching me how to use a sword, and some weird guy came flying down telling us that a game was going to be starting soon with me as one of the people playing," he told her.

"What's that got to do with Holly being pregnant?" Sara asked, totally confused by what Jeff had told her.

"Well, another thing that happened is Holly and I made love and it's my baby she's having," he told her, his head hanging down when he saw the hurt on his girlfriend's face.

"You're the father?" she asked, the shock and rage showing plainly on her face. Knowing he had hurt this girl who had given her heart and virginity to him, Jeff could only nod in reply.

"You made love with me and your own sister is carrying your baby? You lied to me. How could you do that to me? I trusted you," she cried, sobs wracking her body.

"I wanted to tell you before, I just couldn't think of a way to do it. I just found out she was pregnant," he told her. Upon hearing these words, Sara could bear it no longer.

"We may be on the same boat, but I don't ever want to see you again," she cried, running from the room. Sara ran blindly down the corridor until she reached the door leading out to the deck. As Jeff watched Sara race out of the room, he knew he had hurt her deeply, but if he hadn't claimed his child he knew he would have hurt Holly. After getting dressed, Jeff decided to take Holly to her own room when he heard a sudden scream. Racing out to the deck, Jeff saw a monster heading straight for Sara. He had heard of sea serpents before, but he had never imagined seeing one in real life. Its green scales and the dagger-like teeth in its enormous mouth sent chills down Jeff's spine.

"Diana, come quick and bring my sword!" he yelled, hoping she would bring it to him in time. When Diana raced out on deck, she quickly handed the sword to Jeff, and then stepped back, wanting to let him handle it. Taking his sword in hand, Jeff rushed to protect Sara, placing his body between her and the sea serpent. The monster kept advancing, swaying back and forth as it slithered toward its new target. Jeff's sword flashed, the steel cutting through the air and making a small slash on the monster's side.

"Sara, get out of here!" Jeff yelled, wanting to make sure she was safe. The monster continued its slow trek toward Jeff, its head mesmerizing in its movements. Jeff began his own advance, his sword whirling in a devilish dance of death, slicing through the air until it connected once again with the scaly flesh of the enormous adversary. The gigantic head withdrew for a moment, to allow the monster to gather itself for one final assault. Jeff knew this might be his last chance as he prepared to deliver what he hoped would be a fatal blow. When the serpent began to move toward him again, Jeff stood there, waiting for the opening he knew would come soon. When the monster raised its head for one final strike, Jeff buried his sword deep in its throat, twisting the weapon before withdrawing it. Too late, the serpent began slithering back over the rails, its life's blood spilling onto the deck. With a splash, it disappeared from sight, sinking to the depths of the ocean. Diana watched the serpent sinking into the briny depths, a satisfied smile on her face. She knew this had been a test, and her student had passed with flying colors. Wanting to leave the couple alone, Diana went to see the navigator to tell him what had transpired.

"Oh Jeff, I was so scared! I was afraid you were going to be hurt," Sara told him, throwing her arms around him. Jeff wrapped his own arms around the trembling girl, comforting her after the scare she had received.

"It's okay now. You're safe now. I don't think it will be back," he told her as he caressed her back. Jeff knew this was only temporary, but he savored the short time she was in his arms. At that moment, Sara realized she had entrusted her heart to the right man. Even though she had told him she never wanted to see him again, he had still come out to rescue her, putting his own life in danger. She knew she would never find anyone like him, so willing to give her the freedom to leave if she wanted to, but also willing to take her back if she so desired.

"Can you take me back to my room," she asked him, her voice still wavering. With a nod, Jeff led her back to her room, opening the door for her. He was about to leave when she took his hand and pulled him inside the room.

"I didn't give you a chance to explain," she told him, sitting on the bed by Holly once again. Jeff looked at Sara, seeing the interest in her eyes, her willingness to believe him evident.

"Holly and I have always loved each other like brother and sister, but it was only lately that we began noticing each other. That day I told you about when the man delivered his message to Diana, we decided it was time to think about going to Greece. I told you about my abilities, well, on the way home, we stopped at the mall and I found Michelle there. I found out she had AIDS, and I was able to heal her. She was so happy to be rid of the disease; she decided to stay with me. Anyway, when we all got to my house, I found Holly naked in there and we made love. We've only made love a few times since then, but anyway she's pregnant," Jeff explained.

"And I don't regret a minute of it," Holly said, startling Sara and Jeff. "I've loved Jeff for forever and I wanted him to be my first lover. I don't want to come between you two, so I'll just go back to my room," she continued, about to suit actions to words.

"No, wait. I love Jeff more than anyone I've ever known. I love him too much to make him choose," Sara told her, grasping Holly's arm to prevent her from leaving.

"What do you mean?" Holly asked, her eyes shifting back and forth between Jeff and Sara.

"I think I could share him with you. I can see Jeff loves you. I want him to be happy, and if I were to tell him to choose, I know it wouldn't make him happy," Sara answered, a gentle smile now on her lips.

"Hey, wait a minute, don't I have a say in this?" Jeff asked, as he stood watching the two girls he loved most, dividing him like a piece of candy.

"NO!" the girls said, giggling at the shocked expression on his face.

"Sara, I think he has too much clothing on. What do you think?" Holly asked, a mischievous expression spreading across her face.

"I think I would have to agree with you," Sara answered matching Holly's expression with one of her own. The two girls raced to Jeff and began stripping his clothes from him, almost ripping them from his body. When they had him completely naked, they pushed him toward the bed, making him sit as they began disrobing each other. As Jeff watched the two girls, his cock sprang to life, wanting to feel the velvety softness of the girls' tight cunts.

"I think somebody woke up," Sara said, pointing out the recent developments that had come up to Holly. The girls sped up their undressing until they were both nude, and then kneeled down at Jeff's feet. Jeff thought he was ready for anything until he felt two tongues licking up and down his throbbing cock, making him feel like he would explode from the sheer pleasure they were giving him.

"If you keep that up, I won't last long," he told them, feeling himself getting closer.

"That's okay, we aren't going anywhere soon," Holly told him, winking at Sara as they continued to lick. Just when he thought it couldn't get any more intense, Sara slowly began taking his cock into her mouth. When he felt this, Jeff knew it was over.

"Oh my god!! I'm cumming," he moaned, feeling the sperm jetting through his cock. When Sara felt the jism shooting from his dick, she swallowed then quickly took his cock out of her mouth and offered some to Holly. The girls continued trading back and forth until they had gotten the last of the sperm from his now-shrinking cock. Jeff lay back on the bed, wanting to return the favor to the two most important girls in his life. Reaching up to take Sara's hand, he pulled her to him, kissing her deeply. Tasting his own seed, Jeff marveled at the gifts he had received in these two beautiful women.

"I love both of you," he told them, pulling Holly down to lie on the other side of himself. After kissing his sister thoroughly, Jeff decided it was time he gave these two beautiful nymphs the same pleasure they had given him. Pulling Sara closer to him, Jeff guided her until her pussy was over his mouth. Finally understanding what Jeff wanted, Sara lowered her cunt to his waiting mouth. Jeff pulled her down until he was able to kiss her nether lips. When he was sure she was close enough to allow him to please her this way, Jeff guided Holly up until he was able to reach her pussy with his hands, hoping to finger her juicy slit. Finally having them in the position he wanted them, Jeff began licking up and down Sara's hot pussy, sticking his tongue deep inside her. Sara began rocking back and forth on his face; enjoying the sensations Jeff's tongue was giving her. Holly watched the pair until suddenly she felt Jeff begin thumbing her sensitive clit, the intensity quickly driving her over the edge.

"Shit, where did you learn that?" Holly asked him as the spasms wracked her young body. She had managed to get quick orgasms, but never this quickly. Jeff knew she was having a tremendous orgasm, wanting to intensify it; he began sawing his finger in and out of her leaking cunt, while he thumbed her clit. Holly began rocking back and forth on his hand, and then collapsed beside him, unable to take anymore. Seeing Holly stretched out beside him, Jeff began to concentrate solely on helping Sara to attain the same pleasure his sister had enjoyed.

"Yeah, do me. I love it when you lick me like this," Sara told him, her hips undulating back and forth on his face. Jeff reached behind Sara, first kneading her ass, and then spreading her cheeks apart to allow him access to the brown rosebud they hid. When Jeff began licking her clit, Sara began rocking back and forth even faster, her arousal spiraling out of sight. When Jeff heard Sara begin whimpering, he began caressing her asshole, slowly probing the little brown button. When Sara felt Jeff's finger entering her from behind, her orgasm overtook her, the feelings lifting her to even loftier heights. Finally unable to take anymore, she climbed off of Jeff, lying down beside him. The musky scent from the girls' cunts filled the air, causing Jeff's cock to once again rise to the occasion. Unable to decide which girl he would make love to, Jeff stood up, thinking he might be able to think better on his feet. When he couldn't come up with anything, he sat back down on the bed, sadness filling his face.

"What's wrong, Sweetheart?" Sara asked, concerned she might have hurt him in some way.

"I love you both so much, but I can't decide which one of you to make love with first," Jeff replied, unable to stand the idea of hurting either of the girls.

"Well, I want your cum this time, so why don't you make love to Holly first. Then after you make her cum, you can make love to me," Sara replied. Looking at Holly, Jeff saw she agreed with this. Jeff tenderly kissed Sara, thanking her without words for the suggestion. Holly quickly rolled onto her back then slowly opened her legs, once again allowing Jeff to view the paradise he had visited before. Starting with her thighs, Jeff began kissing his way upward, making a quick swipe with his tongue as he reached her drooling slit. Continuing upward, Jeff kissed each area of her, never lingering too long in any one spot, until he reached her lips.

"Let me," Sara told him as she wrapped her hand around his throbbing organ and guided it gently to Holly's moist cunt. When the head of his cock was firmly settled within his sister, Jeff slowly entered her, embedding himself completely in her velvety warmth with one smooth thrust. Once he was seated deeply inside her, Holly began undulating her hips slowly, knowing she wouldn't be able to last long this time as well. Jeff began slowly pumping in and out of her hot pussy, gradually increasing his speed. Holly began bouncing her hips off the bed in her eagerness to not only reach her orgasm, but to please her lover. Holly was getting close to her orgasm when Jeff suddenly bent down and took one of her nipples into his mouth, once again allowing her to plummet over the edge into a mind shattering orgasm.

"I love you Jeff. Oh my god! It's so good," Holly moaned as her orgasm continued, seemingly never-ending. Kissing her softly, Jeff knew he had it all, he was in love with two beautiful girls and they both loved him, each willing to share with the other. When Jeff lifted his head, Sara surprised the siblings when she, too, kissed Holly. As the two girls kissed, Jeff began caressing Sara's ass, gently squeezing the firm globes. Jeff withdrew his cock from Holly's grasping cunt, and then began to roll Sara onto her back.

"No, please take me from behind," Sara told him, as she scooted over to let Holly get up. Sitting up, Holly grasped Jeff prick and began guiding it into Sara's moist cunt. Grasping Sara's hips, Jeff slowly entered Sara inch by inch, her tight pussy grudgingly allowing him to slip into her hot depths. Once he was firmly inside, Jeff paused, allowing Sara to get used to him being inside her again. When Sara began pushing back at him, Jeff began slowly stroking in and out of the viselike grip of her velvety softness. Knowing he wouldn't be able to last long, Jeff began thrusting in and out of her harder and faster. As he continued pounding within her, Jeff reached around her to begin rubbing her clit, knowing this would be his only chance of her cumming with him. Sara was quickly climbing to her orgasm when Jeff began fingering her clit, this was all she needed to cause her to skyrocket out of control, her pleasure overtaking her. When Sara's inner muscles began spasming around his cock, it was all Jeff needed to trigger his own orgasm, his seed shooting out of his cock to coat her cervix. When they were finally spent, the young lovers went into the bathroom to take a shower.

"Wow, that was incredible!" Sara exclaimed as the trio climbed into the shower. Too tired for anything other than washing off, the lovers quickly finished their shower. After drying each other off, the group headed back to bed, wanting to rest after the workout they had received. When they had finally gotten into bed, with Jeff in the middle, they all went to sleep, feeling safe in their love for each other.

"Jeff, wake up. Demetrius was here looking for you," Sara told him as she shook him. Instantly alert, Jeff knew the older man wouldn't have come looking for him if it hadn't been important. Quickly getting dressed, Jeff kissed each of his girls, and then headed out the door. When he reached the deck, he spotted Demetrius waiting for him.

"Jeff, there was a man here, and he told me to give you a message," Demetrius began.
Chapter 11
Home | Top | Night Wolf's Page |   Feedback to author


 
Home | Night Wolf's Page « Ahead of the Game Index « Previous
Chapter 11
Posted: November 14, 2003 - 02:27:56 pm

"Left a message?" Jeff asked, wondering how anyone could have gotten on board or left without him seeing a craft.

"Yes, he told me to tell you that you had passed the test," Demetrius told him.

"A test? What do you mean passed the test?" Jeff queried, a cold shiver running up his spine. Jeff knew it would have to be someone connected to the game they had been telling him about. He knew that, whoever it was, must be somebody special to have been able to get on board the craft in the middle of the ocean.

"It was Poseidon's test," Diana answered, joining the pair. Jeff gaped at her, knowing she could only be talking about the Greek god of the sea. Understanding dawned on him as he realized what was facing him. Jeff shuddered thinking of the possible events that might be awaiting him.

"Why would he want to test me?" Jeff asked, wondering what he had done to deserve being tested by an ancient god.

"It is all part of the game," Diana replied, finally able to reveal a few more things. She had been told not to give Jeff any details unless it was absolutely necessary, and she was enjoying her time on earth. Zeus had promised to allow her to stay in the mortal world if she followed his instructions exactly.

"Are there going to be any more surprises?" Jeff asked, almost afraid to hear the answer.

"Yes, the game has begun. You must stay on your guard at all times," Diana told him. Jeff hesitated before he asked his next question, but he had to know.

"Will I have to fight any gods?" he asked.

"I can't say, but I can guarantee you that you won't have to face Zeus," she answered. Jeff breathed a sigh of relief when he learned he wouldn't be facing the leader of the gods.

"Eh... I don't mean to interrupt, but that wasn't the complete message. Poseidon said he had a gift to bestow upon you," Demetrius told the stunned boy. Remembering the gifts given to Perseus in ancient times, Jeff knew any gifts given by the gods were endowed with special properties.

"What do you mean a gift? I don't see anything," Jeff said. Quickly glancing around, Jeff could see nothing out of the ordinary on board.

"He said he would be back after we crossed through the Straits of Gibraltar," Demetrius told him, noting the disappointment on the boy's face.

"So this is where you've been hiding," Sara broke in, startling the group. Sara walked to Jeff and put her arms around him, tilting her head slightly to receive his gentle kiss. Jeff kissed her softly, tasting the sweetness of her pouting lips.

"Ahem, don't you think you might want to go somewhere a bit more private?" Diana asked, hiding the smile that threatened to emerge. Blushing, the couple moved to their cabin, locking the door behind them.

"Hi guys. Having fun?" Holly asked from her position on the bed.

"Hi sis. We are going to be going through the Straits of Gibraltar soon, then it won't be long until we are in Greece," Jeff told her. Jeff didn't pass along the message he had been given. He knew Holly would never believe it.

"What are we supposed to do when we get there?" Holly asked, looking worriedly at her brother.

"I'm not sure, but I promise when I find out something for sure, I will tell you," Jeff told her. He would have said more, but he suddenly began to feel a strange lethargy overtaking him.

"I feel strange," Sara said, visibly wobbling on her feet. Walking to the bed, she suddenly collapsed upon it, asleep as she hit the mattress. Jeff looked at her, concern written plainly on his face. Looking at Holly, he noticed she was asleep, too. Worried about Holly and Sara, Jeff hurried to the door, hoping to find Leandra or Diana. As his hand grasped the doorknob, he felt himself slide to the floor and into oblivion.

When Jeff woke up, he knew he wasn't on the boat anymore. Looking around at the strange surroundings, he could see Sara lying beside him, still asleep. He noticed unusual sculptures and paintings all around the room.

"We're glad to see you finally wake up," Diana told him, rousing Jeff from his reverie. Jeff stood up, standing on still shaky legs.

"Where are we?" he asked, trying to shake the cobwebs from his mind.

"We're in Atlantis. Poseidon doesn't want anyone finding it, so he will only bring someone here if they pass his test. If they pass, he will bring them here, but only after he renders them unconscious," she told him.

"Where are Holly and the others?" he asked, remembering Holly had been unconscious when he passed out.

"The others are in Themiskyra. Leandra went with them to introduce them and help them get settled until you arrive," she told him. Jeff had heard of Themiskyra, it was the famed home of the Amazons in ancient times. Knowing Holly and his mother would be safe; Jeff kneeled down to wake Sara. When Jeff touched Sara's shoulder, her eyes flew awake, fear evident in them. When she saw Jeff, the fear left her face, the familiarity calming her. Jeff pulled her to him, reassuring her that she was safe.

"What happened? Where are we? Where are the others?" she asked, the questions spilling from her still-trembling lips.

"Whoa, take it easy baby, and we'll tell you," Jeff told her, smiling with relief. Jeff and Diana quickly explained the happenings to Sara, her eyes widening in awe at the events that had transpired. Jeff stood up, and then helped Sara to get to her feet, making sure she could stand on her own before releasing her.

"Okay, what do we do now?" Jeff asked Diana.

"I was told to tell you to explore the city if you wanted to," she told him. Diana figured Jeff would know this was a great honor that Poseidon was granting him. Poseidon hadn't let anyone explore any part of Atlantis in over one thousand years. Diana still remembered when Poseidon had decided to hide the vastly superior civilization that had arisen here. He had wanted to prevent the outside world from advancing too quickly. Diana had always felt like the sea god had gone overboard with his scheme to hide Atlantis, but then again, what god didn't?

"Wow, look at all of these paintings and sculptures everywhere! I don't like art very much, but some of these are really cool," Jeff told Sara, as he pointed out the different objects. Walking out of the building they were in, the couple marveled at the structures around them. They were unlike anything they had ever seen. The spires towered above them, piercing the sky as they arose from the different buildings. Only, it wasn't like any sky Jeff had ever seen. The sun was brighter, and the sky was a bluish green. The sunlight, reflecting from the brightly colored buildings, was a paler version of the sunshine Jeff had grown up with, giving the buildings an eerie glow. Jeff had been expecting to see ancient ruins, but the architecture around them looked futuristic.

"I feel like everyone is watching us," Sara whispered, looking around nervously. Jeff looked around and had to agree with her, it did appear people were staring at them. Jeff could see the inhabitants had pale, almost translucent, skin, with the same blue eyes and red hair that Leandra had. Their clothing was unlike any Jeff had ever seen. It looked like blue aluminum foil with swirling colors adorning their pants, and pants were all they were wearing. The men, as well as the women, wore nothing from the waist up, with only the children completely clothed. Sara watched Jeff, making sure he didn't stare at the bare-breasted women they passed.

"You're loving this, aren't you?" she asked him, noticing his eyes darting from one woman to another.

"I'm sorry, I've just never seen a woman go topless in the middle of a city before," he told her, turning his eyes back to her. Sara could see he hadn't meant to hurt her, which in turn made her feel guilty for the jealousy that had overtaken her. Giving him a hug, Sara began looking for a store, hoping to buy some clothes so she could blend in while they were in this virtual paradise. Finding none, she tried asking one of the girls they passed where she could find a store, but the girl gave her a blank stare, not comprehending the words coming out of this strange girl's mouth.

"I don't think they understand you. Let me try using telepathy," Jeff told her. Quickly establishing a link with one of the Atlantians, Jeff was able to discover they didn't use money in this society, only barter. After finding the nearest bartering market, Jeff thanked the girl before he began leading Sara to the swap meet. When they arrived, Sara rushed to the bins of clothing, hoping to find something in her size.

"Maybe this would suit you better," a voice behind her spoke up.

"Leandra! What are you doing here? Jeff told me everyone was at Themiskyra," Sara exclaimed, happy to see another familiar face.

"That's right, you didn't know. This is my home. I only left here to train Jeff for his upcoming battles," the older woman told her.

"I was wanting to get some clothes so I could look like the rest of the women around here. I don't want to stick out like a sore thumb," Sara told her.

"I'm afraid nothing you can buy will keep you from being different from the people here. Their skin tone and hair color are much different than yours. However I will be happy to help you pick something out," Leandra told the younger girl, leading her to the stacks of glossy clothing. Jeff watched the two, sifting through the mounds of shimmering pants, trying to find a pair that would fit Sara. Finding a pair, Leandra directed Sara to try them on.

"Okay, where do I change?" she asked, not seeing any dressing rooms.

"Right here, we don't use dressing rooms here," Leandra explained, pointing out the different people changing into their new clothing. Sara looked around her, seeing men and women of all ages changing their clothes unashamedly. Shrugging her shoulders, the girl slowly removed her clothing, a blush spreading throughout her body. As Jeff watched the girl undress, he could feel his cock beginning to grow.

"Is that for me?" Sara asked, staring pointedly. It was Jeff's turn to blush as he gave a quick nod.

"Let's go back to my place so you two can relax before your scheduled appearance before Poseidon. I know you will want to be rested up for that," Leandra told the couple. Jeff wasn't surprised when they arrived at Leandra's place; it was the same place they had been when they awoke.

"Make yourselves at home, I will be back in time to take you to meet Poseidon. I can tell you that he wants to present you with a gift," Leandra told Jeff, her pride in her student evident. As soon as the older woman had left, Jeff pulled Sara into his arms, kissing her deeply, as he caressed her firm breasts.

"Mm, I was hoping you were thinking the same thing I was," Sara moaned as she felt her nipples tauten. Jeff quickly removed his shirt, so he could feel her soft breasts against him. Sara loved the feel of Jeff's chest against her tender breasts, the rougher texture making her nipples grow even more erect.

"How do I take these damn pants off of you," Jeff muttered in frustration. With a laugh, Sara stepped back from him, and slowly pushed them off her hips and down until they formed a puddle at her feet. Every time Jeff saw her delicate body, he couldn't help feeling like he was the luckiest guy in the world. He was in love with the most beautiful girl, and she loved him, too.

"I've been looking forward to this. I can't seem to get enough of your hard cock," she told him as she unfastened his pants and slid them down his legs. Stepping out of them, Jeff pulled Sara close to him again and kissed her deeply as he cupped her ass with his eager hands. Sara moaned into his mouth as she attempted to get even closer to the boy, pressing her tender flesh against him. Feeling his knees about to give way, Jeff led the beautiful girl to the heart-shaped bed in the center of the room.

"I want to feel you in me! Hurry Jeff! I need you!" Sara gasped as her lover began kissing her neck. As Jeff started nibbling on her ears, Jeff trailed his hands down to her moist slit. When the girl felt his ministrations on her heated cunt, Sara parted her legs, giving him more room to caress her quivering flesh. She could feel his searching fingers parting her dewy lips and finding her clit.

"If you keep that up, I'm going to explode," she whimpered, the intense feelings washing over her. Inserting two of his fingers, Jeff began pistoning in and out of her, her hips rising up to meet each inward thrust. Jeff began kissing his way down from her shoulders, his lips sucking and nipping as he made his downward trek. He continued pumping his fingers in and out of her sopping cunt until he felt her orgasm beginning. When he felt her spasms starting, he began thumbing her clit, intensifying her ecstasy. As soon as she felt his thumb touching her clit, Sara began thrashing about, unable to control her limbs as the mindless bliss overtook her. Jeff continued with this until she pushed his hand away.

"No more! I can't handle any more of that, my clit is too tender," she told him breathlessly. Jeff gazed into her eyes, his love for her showing plainly in his face. Kissing her deeply, he caressed her breasts, enjoying the feel of the firm mounds. Sara could feel her arousal building once again, the heat building deep inside of her.

"Please baby, take me. I want to feel you deep inside of me," she told him as she gently grasped his cock to pull him on top of her. Once he was between her legs, she guided him to her, placing the head of his dick at her entrance. When Jeff felt her wet cunt, he slowly entered her, his prick sinking into her hot depths. When he was completely buried inside her sopping cunt, he kissed her deeply, wanting to be joined with her completely. Jeff slowly began stroking in and out of her, knowing he wouldn't be able to last long in her velvety softness. Sara began undulating her hips beneath him, wanting to give Jeff as much pleasure as he was giving her.

"Oh god! This feels incredible," he groaned as he involuntarily began pumping in and out of her, faster and faster. Jeff's hips became a blur as he pistoned in and out of her hot cunt. Jeff could feel his orgasm building as he rushed to meet it.

"Oh baby, I love you!" Sara cried, as she felt her own orgasm building. Jeff kept pumping in and out of her until his orgasm finally overtook him, his seed spilling deep inside of her. When Sara felt his hot cum splashing against her cervix, it triggered her own orgasm, the walls of her cunt contracting around his throbbing cock.

"I love you too," Jeff whispered, as he passed out from the intensity of his orgasm. Sara cradled his head in her arms as she drifted into the sleep of sated lovers.

"Wake up, you two. You need to get dressed for the ceremony tonight. I've brought some clothes for you, Jeff," Leandra told him as she placed the clothing at the foot of the bed. Jeff marveled at the luxurious clothes she had brought for him. The shirt and pants appeared to be made of gold with pearls and diamonds adorning them. Reverently he ran his hands across them, the softness of the apparel surprising him. Jeff quickly got dressed, enjoying the feel of the fabric against his skin.

"I didn't leave you out. I brought some clothes for you too," Leandra told Sara. Jeff watched Sara getting dressed in the silver and orange outfit, enjoying the sight of her supple body. When she had completed dressing, Jeff quickly kissed her, and then led her outside to join Leandra. The couple was slightly surprised to see Diana had joined the busty redhead.

"Are you ready to meet Poseidon?" Diana asked, knowing Jeff would be nervous at meeting the master of the sea.

"As ready as I'll ever be," he told her, a weak smile on his face. Following Leandra, Jeff and Sara walked side by side, holding hands to give each other comfort and strength. When they reached the building where they were supposed to meet Poseidon, Jeff gaped at the sheer size of the structure. With oak doors that were over twelve feet high, it was an imposing sight.

"Wow, this place is huge!" Jeff exclaimed, as the doors swung open to admit them. As they entered the building, the doors closed behind them, sending a chill down Jeff's spine. Leandra continued down the long hallway, leading the group into a cavernous room. Looking around, Jeff saw several statues and paintings with different species of underwater creatures, but the most impressive sight stood in the middle of the room. For there stood Poseidon, the true lord of the sea. His flowing beard and giant trident were the most recognizable features, but his mammoth size overwhelmed the group.

"Welcome, young warrior, I've been expecting you," he greeted Jeff, his booming voice reminding the young man of thunder.

"Thank you sir, I am happy to be here... I think," Jeff replied, bowing to the god. On hearing Jeff's words, the giant laughed merrily, actually putting the boy at ease.

"I was very impressed with the way you dispatched my pet," Poseidon told him.

"That was a pet? I thought he was going to eat Sara," Jeff replied, glancing at his lover.

"Ah, Sara. So this is the young lady who has stolen your heart, I hope you don't make her a widow before you are even married," the god told him, winking at Sara to take the sting out of his words.

"I hope not, too," Jeff told him, his courage having finally returned.

"Ah, a sense of humor as well as bravery, you will need it, I'm sure," Poseidon commented, laughing at the boy's audacity. Inwardly the god was smiling; this lad would be the most impressive warrior yet. Zeus may have found someone that would be able to win the game.

"I wanted to thank you for letting me come here. This is a beautiful city and the people are very gracious to us," Jeff told him, wanting to show his appreciation to Poseidon for letting him come to Atlantis.

"Think nothing of it. Now, I brought you here because I wanted to give you a gift for passing your first test. I would like to give you this dolphin helmet. When you wear it, nobody will be able to hide from you," Poseidon told him, presenting him with the silver helmet. Holding the helmet in his hands, Jeff was awestruck with its beauty. The pearl dolphins encrusted on the sides of the helmet looked almost lifelike in their detail.

"I don't know how to thank you for this. It's beautiful," Jeff told the god, the appreciation for its beauty showing in his breathless voice.

"Remember, be sure to wear this in battle. Its powers won't let anyone sneak up on you," Poseidon told him.

"I will, sir. Thank you," Jeff told him. Turning as if to leave, he was stopped by the last words Poseidon spoke before he disappeared.

"Be careful, my young friend. Don't let down your guard, for there will be more tests," the god told him. Jeff vowed to remember his warnings as he headed out the door.
Chapter 12
Home | Top | Night Wolf's Page |   Feedback to author


 
Home | Night Wolf's Page « Ahead of the Game Index « Previous
Chapter 12
Posted: November 14, 2003 - 02:27:56 pm

"Are we going to rejoin the others now?" Jeff asked Diana, watching the waves from the ship they were riding. Poseidon had provided them with the craft to allow them to continue their journey.

"No, we are going to Aretias first," she told him, not wanting to reveal the reason for their visit to the sacred island of the Amazons. Diana knew the challenge Jeff would face on Aretias would be more difficult than the serpent he had conquered. Diana had faith that her student would be able to pass the new test, but she couldn't help feeling nervous for her young pupil.

"I wanted to tell you something. When we land, you will have to go ashore by yourself. You should also take your new helmet with you," Diana told him, knowing she shouldn't give him this clue, but unable to prevent herself. Jeff knew something was going to happen when they arrived at Aretias. He could think of no other reason for him going ashore by himself.

"How much longer till we get there?" he asked, wanting to be prepared. Jeff knew he would want to keep his sword handy. Poseidon had promised more tests, but Jeff hadn't been expecting one so soon.

"It won't be much longer. You might want to get some rest," she cautioned him. Jeff knew this was good advice. Sara was already sleeping in the bed they had set up below-deck, and he knew she would welcome his company.

"I think that's a good idea, I will be back later," he told her, unable to hide his broad smile. Diana watched the boy going down the stairs, knowing he probably wouldn't get much rest. She could remember the energy of youth, and envied him for it. Jeff crept down the stairs, wanting to surprise Sara. When he reached their room, he quietly opened the door, stealthily slipping inside. Jeff looked at the sleeping form in the bed, noting the, not so subtle, curves of her body beneath the sheet covering her. Jeff quickly removed his clothing and crawled into bed with her, delighting in the silken feel of her skin against his.

Jeff snuggled closer to the sleeping girl, his cock pressing into her ass. The young man began kissing the nape of her neck, gently nipping the tender flesh. Sara stirred in her sleep, pressing her rounded bottom against her lover. Jeff reached over her, taking her left breast into his hand and molding it tenderly. He could feel the nipple stiffen in his hand, poking against his hand. Sara slowly began to roll over onto her back, her eyes opening slowly.

"Hmm. Hi baby. I thought you'd never get here," she told him, smiling seductively at her lover. Reaching down, she grasped his manhood in her silky hand, enjoying the feel of his growing organ. Jeff groaned when he felt her soft hand touch his burgeoning cock.

"I wanted to surprise you," he told her as he began caressing her flat stomach, enjoying the texture of her skin. Sara always enjoyed the feel of his hands against her, his tender touches never failed to arouse her. Turning toward him, she pulled his head to hers, kissing him softly. When Jeff's tongue touched her lips, she parted them, allowing him entry. As the kiss deepened, Jeff began trailing his fingers up and down her spine, each downward pass bringing him closer to her delicately rounded ass. Sara pushed Jeff onto his back, and then quickly climbed on top of him, yearning for the feel of his dick inside her.

"Well, Diana did say I should rest," he told her, enjoying the feel of her moist cunt slowly engulfing his throbbing cock. Grinning, Sara began to slowly pump up and down on his rigid dick, wanting to savor the feel of him deep inside of her.

"Okay, you lay back and rest and let me take care of the hard part," she told him laughingly. As Sara continued the slow, easy, lovemaking, she lowered her breasts to his mouth, allowing him to suck on them. Jeff raised his head to take the erect nipples into his mouth, swirling his tongue around them. As he suckled them into his mouth, Sara could feel the pressure building in her loins, its heat nearly consuming her. As Sara felt her climax approaching, she began to increase the tempo of her thrusts.

"Oh god! I feel like I'm going to explode!" she exclaimed as her orgasm overtook her. Jeff could feel the walls of her cunt begin spasming around his cock, the contractions squeezing his erect organ. Sara lowered her head to his, kissing him hotly as her climax wracked her body. When she was finally spent, Jeff pulled out of her, allowing her to roll over onto her back. Kissing her softly, Jeff let her catch her breath.

"It seems like every time we make love, it just gets better," she told him, enjoying the warm afterglow of their lovemaking. Lying beside her, Jeff couldn't help but agree with her.

"Oh no, you didn't cum!" she moaned, her unhappiness about it evident in her tone. Pushing him back into his pillow, Sara gave him a brief kiss, and then began trailing kisses down his chest and stomach. When she reached his cock, she licked the shaft, enjoying the taste of herself as well as him. Jeff moaned as the girl took the head of his cock into her hot, wet, mouth, her gentle sucking quickly sending him to the precipice of his own orgasm. As she began to bob her head up and down his dick, he could feel the tightening in his nuts. Knowing he couldn't hold out much longer, Jeff warned the girl of his impending climax. Instead of removing her mouth from his pulsing organ, she began to suck even harder.

"Oh baby, I'm cumming!" he told her as he felt the jism erupting from his cock. Sara could feel his seed splashing in her throat, each spurt coating her tonsils. When he was finally spent, Jeff pulled her up to him, kissing her softly, tasting the salty flavor of his cum in her mouth. With a sigh, Sara laid her head on his chest, dozing off in his arms.

Jeff awoke to the sound of knocking, the sound jarring him out of his sleep. Jeff knew only Diana would awaken them, his words borne out by her voice behind the door.

"Jeff, it's time to get up, we've landed on Aretias," she told him.

"Okay, I'm awake. I'll be right up," he told her, getting dressed quickly. As he buckled his sword around his waist, Jeff tried to prepare himself for whatever came up. He knew it would be an otherworldly test, so he would have to be ready for anything. Kissing Sara one last time, Jeff hurriedly left, eager to meet his newest challenge.

Okay, as I told you, you will have to go ashore by yourself," Diana told him, the concern showing in her eyes. After checking his sword once more, Jeff donned his helmet, sending a surge of power throughout his body. Throwing the rope ladder over the rail, Jeff climbed down to reach the solid earth of the tiny island.

"Remember, trust your instincts," Diana called after him, worried for her young pupil. With a wave, Jeff wandered off across the island, wanting to get this newest test over with. As Jeff made his way across the island, he could feel the undercurrents of something tugging at his senses. Jeff instinctively knew he was about to come up against his latest challenge.

"Whoa!" he exclaimed as three skeletons came toward him, the clattering of their bones making an eerie noise. Jeff drew his sword from its scabbard, taking a defensive stance. The skeletons quickly advanced, their jerky movements almost mesmerizing him. Deciding to take the offensive, Jeff rushed to meet them, the sunlight glinting off his sword as he swung it at the first attacker. The clang of metal sounded as his opponent's sword blocked his attack. Jeff withdrew his sword and parried a thrust by his foe. Sensing the other two skeletal warriors coming up behind him, Jeff erected a barrier around them, using his psionic powers to their full advantage. Knowing he didn't have to worry about the other two fighters, Jeff was able to give his full attention to the warrior in front of him. When the first skeleton attempted a thrust, Jeff quickly swung away from the arcing sword and quickly severed its head from its neck, with a loud rattle, the bones suddenly collapsed to the ground.

"Okay, one down, two to go," he said as he released the second skeleton from the barrier he had placed around the last two fighters. Keeping the restraint in place around the third skeleton, Jeff concentrated on this newest attacker. The skeleton made a quick thrust at Jeff, causing the boy to trip. As the boy fell, he quickly rolled away from the flashing steel headed for him. Jumping quickly to his feet, Jeff swung at the skeleton's legs, knowing it wouldn't be able to advance upon him if it couldn't walk. As his blade connected with the skeleton's leg, Jeff could see the skeleton collapse into the dirt, not moving from the spot.

"Well, it looks like it's just you and me," he muttered, hoping no more fighters would join the trio. Jeff swung at his lumbering foe, hoping to end this fight quickly. When he missed, Jeff stepped back, trying to avoid the arcing swing of his opponent's sword. Feeling the bite of the steel as the blade nicked his hand sobered Jeff quickly. He had been cocky, and had almost paid the price for his arrogance. With renewed determination, Jeff forced the battle back upon his adversary, his sword flashing as he swung at the determined skeleton. Finally connecting with the monster's neck, Jeff watched its head go flying into space, landing fifteen feet away from him. When this final deadly soldier collapsed, Jeff breathed a sigh of relief. Catching the glint of metal underneath the last skeleton, Jeff reached down and picked up an ancient coin, the designs strange to him.

"What the fuck is this?" he asked, resolving to ask Diana when he reached the boat. Turning around quickly, Jeff began to walk toward the boat when he heard a sound behind him. Where there had been solid rock before, now stood a fissure, the hole big enough to allow him to enter. Jeff could feel the hole beckoning him to whatever adventures might lie through the chasm. The boy knew it was dangerous to enter without letting someone know, but he figured Diana already knew this would happen.

"Here goes nothing," he said, not realizing he had spoken the words aloud. Entering the large hole, Jeff saw stairs leading down. Jeff followed the stairs down, amazed at the glowing light that seemed to be coming from ahead of him. Jeff continued following the steps until he reached a lamp, its light shining brightly. Picking up the lamp, Jeff continued until he saw a dark river, its murky water flowing slowly within its banks. As he followed the slow-moving river, Jeff spotted a boat ahead of him, the dark figure standing in it beckoning him forward. When Jeff reached the boat, the dark-robed figure held out its hand, the bleached bones almost glowing in the light from Jeff's lamp. Thinking the figure wanted to shake hands, Jeff reached his hand toward the figure. When the skeletal figure withdrew his hand, it suddenly dawned on Jeff that the ferryman wanted the coin he had found on the ground under that last fighter.

"Oh, sorry. Here ya go," he said, handing it to the tall, dark, figure. Suddenly Jeff remembered reading about a dark ferryman that would only accept a coin called an obol, and after receiving it would proceed to take the passenger to Hades. He was called Charon, and was the only one that would take people across the five rivers to meet the god of the underworld. After receiving the coin, Charon moved back to allow Jeff to climb on board the ancient vessel. Jeff shuddered as the cloaked figure started the boat toward Hades. Jeff watched as Charon guided the boat through the murky waters, the smooth ride almost soothing to him. After what seemed hours, Charon finally stopped the vessel, motioning to Jeff to disembark from the boat. Climbing out, Jeff stepped away from the craft, feeling ill at ease around the tall, robed, figure.

"Now what?" he asked, knowing Charon wouldn't answer. Surprisingly, Charon did answer, pointing toward an opening in the underground rocks. With a wave toward the ferryman, Jeff started walking to the place where Charon had pointed. As Jeff got closer, the rock formation in front of the opening suddenly moved. Jeff quickly drew his sword and prepared to meet an even tougher test than the one he had faced when he first stepped onto the island. It was a dog, but the dog had three heads and a serpent's tail. Jeff knew it had to be Cerberus, the guardian of the netherworld. Approaching the brown-furred monster, Jeff knew he should have seen him sooner, but apparently this would be Hades' test for him.

"Okay, I'm here. Let's do this," he told the lumbering beast. With a growl, Cerberus lunged toward Jeff, his teeth flashing as he tried to reach Jeff with one bounding leap. Jeff quickly sidestepped, the teeth narrowly missing him. Swinging around, Jeff made a thrust toward the monster. Missing, Jeff gathered himself, waiting for another charge from the drooling beast.

"Damn that was close," he muttered, as once again, Cerberus tried to pounce on him. Jeff could feel the breath of the slathering beast. Knowing if he didn't do something soon, the next lunge could be his last. Setting himself, Jeff waited for the monster to leap again. When it did, Jeff quickly dropped to the ground and thrust upwards, catching the beast in the heart. With a final yelp, Cerberus collapsed to the ground. Jeff's heart pounded as he waited for Cerberus to rise again. When there was no movement from the beast, Jeff leaned back against the rock to catch his breath.

"Holy shit! I thought I was a goner," he gasped, the relief he felt weakening him.

"So did I," came a voice from inside the cave, "Come in my young friend, and let me meet the man that defeated my pet." Jeff stepped through the doorway, but was unprepared for the sight that greeted him.
Chapter 13
Home | Top | Night Wolf's Page |   Feedback to author


 
Home | Night Wolf's Page « Ahead of the Game Index « Previous
Chapter 13
Posted: November 14, 2003 - 02:27:56 pm

Upon entering the cave, the first thing Jeff noticed was the man seated on a huge ebony throne. With his flowing red hair and blazing black eyes, his appearance was enough to cause the faint of heart to tremble in terror. Jeff stared at the man, more out of curiosity than fear. Even though he suspected the true identity of his host, Jeff knew the strange man could have already killed him if that had been his intent.

"Come in, young man. I have been expecting you. Poseidon told me you were a formidable opponent, but I didn't think you would be able to beat Cerberus. As you have probably guessed, I am Hades," the man told him, his voice booming with authority. Hearing a strange noise coming from outside the cave, Jeff gaped as he saw the three-headed dog trot in to join his master.

"I thought he was dead," Jeff gasped, visibly stunned at seeing the animal alive and well.

"Of course you did. For all intents and purposes, he was dead. But I couldn't let my pet stay that way, now could I?" Hades answered, the humor evident in his voice. Shaking his head in wonderment, Jeff chuckled, glad to see the famed Cerberus once again among the living.

"I guess not. I have to admit I'm glad he isn't dead," Jeff said, watching in amazement as the beast actually seemed to grin at him. Finally relaxing, Jeff looked around him, noticing several different types of jewels piled up around the mammoth cave. Jeff remembered from his reading that Hades was supposed to be the one they called the rich one, but he still couldn't believe all the wealth he could see scattered around the cave. Seeing all the precious stones lying about gave Jeff an idea, but he would have to wait to discuss it with Hades until later.

"Well, I'm sure you are wondering why you are here," Hades said, motioning for Jeff to sit on one of the many boulders lying around in the cave. Jeff sat on the boulder closest to Hades, finally able to relax after the harrowing battles he had just completed.

"I want to congratulate you for your courage and skill. After talking to my brother, I knew you would be a strong warrior, but I didn't count on your other abilities. In honor of your victory, I would like to present you with some gifts," Hades told him, his smile sending shivers through Jeff. The boy didn't know what to expect when he saw a robed figure join them.

"Thanatos, this is the young man that defeated my brother's serpent. I would like you to bring the armor in here so that I may reward him for his feats," Hades told his minion. The demonic helper left as silently as he entered, the whispers of his brown robe touching the ground the only sound. Jeff wondered what kind of abilities this newest gift would possess, knowing it would be something incredible. Jeff could only wonder at what other gifts Hades had planned for him, knowing anything the master of the underworld had in mind would be incredible.

"So, would you care for something to drink while we wait for Thanatos to return?" Hades asked, surprising Jeff with his cordial tone.

"Sure, I would love something to drink," Jeff told him, wondering what kind of drinks the god would have in this domain of the dead. Jeff was startled when another minion appeared, his robe amazingly white in this underground lair.

"Hypnos, this is the young man I was telling you about. Bring us something that we may have a feast on this fine day," the god told his minion. Jeff watched Hypnos leave, once again marveling at the silent departure.

"So tell me, my young friend, I know Poseidon gave you the Dolphin helmet, and I am giving you the Phlegathon armor. Is there anything else you might desire?" Hades asked Jeff, noting the lack of avarice in the young man's eyes. Thinking quickly, Jeff told Hades of his earlier idea. With a chuckle, the underworld lord agreed to the young man's plan, knowing most mortals would have been greedy in their request.

"You're an amazing young man, I think Zeus may be in for a surprise this time. Let me warn you, young man; nobody has won the game yet. You are only the second warrior to make it this far, and the first in over 1000 years. If you keep your wits about you, I believe you may finally succeed where others have failed," Hades told Jeff, his grim tone making the boy apprehensive. Jeff was still mulling over the god's words when Hypnos returned with several trays of food and drink for the pair.

"Eat up my young friend. There is plenty of time to worry about the future, but for now let's enjoy our little repast," Hades told Jeff, noting the worry in the young man's eyes. The god was pleased to see no fear in the boy's eyes; he knew Zeus had chosen well this time.

"Thanks. I have to admit I was getting pretty hungry and thirsty. This will help a lot," Jeff told his host, marveling at the different foods placed in front of them. Hades watched the boy eat, pleased to see him sampling everything. The god knew Zeus wouldn't be pleased with him for giving the boy nectar and ambrosia, but Hades had wanted to see his brother's plans thwarted, and he knew this boy could do it if he were given a chance. When the pair had finally finished with the food and drink placed before them, Jeff leaned back, nearly toppling from his seat.

"Careful there. Why don't you lie down for a bit and get some rest before you head back? I will have your second gift completed by then," Hades told him, pointing to some furs spread out on the floor. Unsteady on his feet, Jeff walked to the pallet, wobbling as he went. Hades waited until the boy was asleep before calling Hypnos back in.

"Make sure he has pleasant dreams. He has a difficult journey ahead of him," he told his minion. Hades had expected Jeff to go to sleep. Nectar and ambrosia always affected mortals this way when they first consumed them. Zeus would be mad when he found out what Hades had done, but it was about time someone taught the powerful god a lesson about playing with mortals' lives.

Jeff felt strange when he finally awoke. He couldn't remember ever feeling so refreshed after waking up.

"Well, I see you've finally rejoined us, my young friend. I know you are anxious to be on your way, but I would like to give you your gifts before you leave," Hades told the boy, noting the subtle glow in his eyes. Jeff watched in stunned admiration as Thanatos brought in the golden breastplate, the ornate figures on the magical armor breathtaking in their detail.

"This is beautiful," Jeff told his host, amazed once again at the generosity being shown him. Hades was pleased with the boy's earnest praise of the gift. Too many humans had just accepted any gift given them as their due, not appreciating the fact that a god was humbling himself by giving any mere mortal a present.

"I'm glad you appreciate it. Here is the other item we discussed," Hades told Jeff, handing a box to the boy. Looking into the box, Jeff gasped at the beauty of this last gift, the craftsmanship evident in every detail.

"I don't know how to thank you for everything you've given me, I hope someday I can show you my appreciation," Jeff told him as he closed the box.

"You've already done so, I am glad you appreciate them. You might want to don the armor before you leave so you can get used to the weight," Hades told him, happy to see the boy following his instructions. As soon as Jeff finished getting the armor on, he could feel a strange confidence fill him.

"I like the way it feels," Jeff told his host, enjoying the way the armor seemed to mold to his body. Hades was gratified to hear the boy's praise of the armor. He was glad he had decided upon this particular gift. He knew he would miss this young man. No other mortal had ever treated him with the respect this boy had given him. With a sigh, he decided it was time to send the boy on his way to meet his destiny.

"You will need another obol to give Charon, and don't forget this," Hades told Jeff as he handed the box and coin to the boy. Taking the items from the god, Jeff couldn't help wondering why everyone would be so afraid of the underworld god.

"I have enjoyed this," Jeff told his host as he reached out to shake hands with the startled god. Nobody had ever offered to shake hands with him before. Hades took the boy's hand in his and smiled appreciatively at this gesture.

"Keep your guard up, young warrior, I will see you again," Hades told the boy, as he walked with him to greet Charon.

"Take care of this one. I believe he may be the one to finally win the game," Hades told the dark figure. Stepping into the craft with the hooded Charon, Jeff handed the coin to him and sat back to enjoy the ride. Jeff watched Charon guide the craft back to the entrance to the outer world, anxious to rejoin the others. When they finally reached the docking point, Jeff hopped out and began to walk back to the opening in the rocks. Looking back, Jeff waved to the cloaked figure, and then stepped out into the fresh air. Looking around, he could see no signs of the battle that had taken place earlier.

"Man, I'll be glad to get back on that boat. I know Holly and Mom will be wondering where I am," he mumbled, eager to be back with some familiar faces. Jeff continued walking until he finally spotted the docked boat. He was mildly surprised to see Diana out of the boat, until he saw the spitted rabbit over a fire.

"Is it time for lunch yet?" he asked her as he stepped up behind her.

"Jeff! I'm so glad to... I mean hello, you must have done very well," Diana said, noticing the armor the teen was wearing. Diana was embarrassed for showing any emotions, but she had known Cerberus was awaiting him and only one had ever defeated the mammoth beast. Heracles had been able to bring the dog to the outer world of course, but only one man had actually beaten the three-headed dog.

"Yeah, I had a hard time this time, but I was lucky enough to beat Cerberus," he told her, not wanting to elaborate any further.

"I was just making lunch for Sara and myself, would you like something to eat?" Diana asked the young man.

"Nah, Hades had plenty for us to eat, I couldn't eat another bite," he told her. Diana was surprised when Jeff told her that, she knew Hades wasn't known for being a generous host. She was about to tell Jeff this when she noticed the glow in Jeff's eyes. With a smirk, Diana quickly lowered her head, not wanting to give away what she had seen.

"Sara has been waiting for you to get back. You might want to let her know you've gotten back," she told him, as she took the rabbit away from the fire. She knew what would happen when the two young lovers were reunited. Sitting back, she watched the boy climb aboard the boat to join Sara.

"Honey, I'm home," Jeff called out, smirking as he stepped in to the cabin he shared with Sara.

"You're back! I was really getting worried. Diana told me you would be back soon, but I couldn't help worrying," she told him, her relief at seeing him evident. Jeff smiled as he once again took in the beauty of the girl he planned to spend the rest of his life with. Getting up from the chair she had been sitting in, Sara walked over to her lover, and threw her arms around him, wanting to feel his body next to hers to reassure herself that he really was okay. Momentarily stepping away from her, Jeff quickly removed his armor, wanting to feel Sara against him. Once he had it off, Jeff pulled her back into his arms, wanting to feel her body against his.

"I've missed you so much," she told him as she tilted her face up to receive his kiss. Jeff tenderly touched his lips to hers; wanting to savor the time he had with her. Not wanting to wait any longer, Sara parted her lips, allowing Jeff full access to her mouth. Unable to resist any longer, Jeff deepened the kiss, tasting the inner recesses of her mouth. As they continued their kiss, Sara began frantically tearing Jeff's clothing from him, eager to feel his flesh upon hers.

"Easy honey, I'm not going anywhere," Jeff told her, backing away to remove his pants. Sara quickly removed her clothing and ran to leap into the bed, moving over quickly to allow her lover to join her.

"Hurry, baby. I want to show you how much I love you," she told him as he climbed into bed with her. As soon as he was lying beside her, Jeff pulled her into his arms, once again kissing her deeply, enjoying the feel of her breasts against his chest. Sara could feel his erection pressing against her thigh as he pulled her closer. Reaching down, she gently wrapped her hand around his pulsing cock. Jeff moaned as Sara began pumping on his growing prick, causing it to lengthen even more.

"Oh baby, that feels so good, I love the way you touch me," Jeff groaned as he felt her hand urgently pumping on his cock. Jeff reached down to gently remove her hand from his dick so he could slide down to return some of the pleasure she was giving him. Once Jeff had reached the junction between her thighs, he began kissing all around her cunt, never quite touching it. Sara thought she would go crazy if he didn't pay some attention to her aching clit. Finally, Jeff took pity on her and softly kissed the little bud, sucking it softly into his mouth.

"Oh yeah, that's what I need," she moaned as he began swirling his tongue around her throbbing clit. Knowing she wouldn't be able to take much more, Jeff began sawing his fingers in and out of her now-sopping cunt. Sara could feel the heat overtaking her, causing her to writhe in ecstasy. Sara could feel her orgasm building until finally it washed over her, the intensity causing her hips to undulate of their own accord. When her orgasm had finally abated, Sara lay back wanting to recover from the powerful spasms that had wracked her body.

"That was incredible!" she exclaimed wearily, enjoying the afterglow from her orgasm. Jeff lay back beside her, caressing her hair while she recovered.

"I wanted to show you how much I love you," he told her, using her own words against her. With a giggle, Sara began kissing him, enjoying the playfulness of their lovemaking. Jeff began caressing Sara's ass, enjoying the feel of the firm globes in his hands. Wanting to taste him, Sara began kissing her way down his body until she reached her goal: the throbbing cock jutting from his groin. Wanting to return the pleasure she had just received, Sara began licking up and down the shaft, enjoying the salty taste of his pulsating organ. Once she had lubricated his diamond-hard rod, Sara gently took the head of his dick between her lips, sucking gently as she took more and more of his manhood into her mouth. Jeff groaned as Sara began bobbing her head up and down, the feelings threatening to overwhelm him.

"I want to cum inside of you, not in your mouth, baby," he told her as he pulled her face away from his cock. With a smile, Sara rolled over onto her back, wanting to feel his body on top of hers. Wanting to tease him, Sara slowly parting her thighs, gradually opening the petals of her pussy to his view. Once she had opened her legs completely, Sara gently grasped Jeff's cock and pulled it to her entrance, guiding him into her. Feeling the velvety moistness surrounding his cock, Jeff slowly pushed his way in, enjoying the feel of her hot pussy. Once he was buried to the hilt, Jeff slowly began to stroke in and out of her, not wanting to cum too quickly.

"Ung... harder baby, I want to feel you cum deep inside of me," Sara moaned as she began rocking her hips against him. Jeff began pumping in and out of her, harder and faster, feeling his orgasm building. As he felt his jism beginning to boil in his loins, Jeff increased his pace, pistoning in and out of Sara's hot, steaming cunt. Sara could feel his prick beginning to expand inside of her, stretching her already-filled pussy even more. With a jerk, Jeff's cock began shooting, spraying his seed deep within her. When Sara felt his cum splashing against her cervix, it set off her own climax, the spasms once again overpowering in their intensity. After they had both come down from the mind-shattering ecstasy, Jeff began kissing her again. Suddenly, Jeff sprang up from the bed and rushed toward the bag he had carried up from his visit with Hades.

"Hades gave me this when I told him what I was looking for. Now, I have something I have to ask you. Before you answer, remember this will affect the rest of our lives," he told her as he sat on the bed.
Chapter 14
Home | Top | Night Wolf's Page |   Feedback to author


 
Home | Night Wolf's Page « Ahead of the Game Index « Previous
Chapter 14
Posted: November 14, 2003 - 02:27:56 pm

"I see you are watching our happy couple," Zeus said, startling Aphrodite as she watched Jeff and Sara in the oracle placed in Zeus's throne room. Zeus knew the rest of the gods and goddesses were paying close attention to the pair ever since Jeff had beaten Poseidon's sea serpent. Although it wasn't much of a test, it did give them a good idea of the courage the human possessed. When Jeff defeated Cerberus, Zeus began watching him more closely as well. He knew this mortal might be the one to finally win his game.

"Yes. I think he is about to propose marriage to the girl," Aphrodite answered, proud of her involvement in the coupling of the young pair. When the goddess learned of Zeus's plans for the teen, she had decided the young man needed someone other than his sister or a follower to keep him happy.

"Propose, you say? I thought when I kidnapped her father she wouldn't be in any mood for love, and now you're telling me they are going to wed?" Zeus asked, inwardly enraged at his plans being foiled. He hadn't wanted Jeff to get involved with Sara. He knew how much encouragement a woman in love could give her man. He had kidnapped the girl's father to keep her mind off of love, but it seemed Jeff's concern about that had only drawn the two closer. Aphrodite had not told Zeus of her plans because she knew she might have drawn the god's wrath if he knew.

"Yes. Hades gave him a ring and he is just about to ask her to marry him," she told him, knowing this would upset the god even more.

"That isn't all my brother gave him. He gave him nectar and ambrosia. He knows that a mortal can become immortal if they eat and drink them. Then, if that wasn't enough, he gave him the Phlegathon armor. Nothing can pierce that. What is he trying to do?" Zeus grumbled. Zeus wanted the teen to have a chance, but he didn't want him to actually win. Nobody had ever won this game and he didn't plan to see this streak end. Zeus knew Apollo would be the next one to test the teen, and any challenge the sun god would have for Jeff would be difficult indeed.

"Will you marry me?" Jeff asked Sara as they recovered from their latest bout of lovemaking. Jeff held out the ring as he watched the different expressions cross her face. Sara eyed the ring, unable to believe Jeff had found a jewelry store on his latest challenge.

"Oh Jeff, I thought you would never ask, but where did you get that ring?" she asked as she watched Jeff slip the ring onto her finger. When he had it securely on her ring finger, Sara held her hand up, admiring the sparkle of the diamond solitaire ring.

"I picked it up at that place I was visiting," he told her, glad to see she was happy with her ring. Jeff knew if he had told her who had given him the ring, she either wouldn't have believed him, or she would have thought he was crazy. As Sara continued studying the lights reflecting from her ring, Jeff began kissing her, once again ready to make love with her.

"Jeff, before we go any further, Diana was wanting to see you. I know what she wants, and however you handle it is okay with me," she told him, the mischief glinting in her eyes. Frustrated, Jeff began getting dressed, wanting to get back to the girl lying in his bed. As he reached for his armor, Sara stopped him.

"You won't be needing that. She told me to tell you to go to her room and she would meet you there," Sara told him. With a shrug, Jeff stepped out of their room, walking the short distance to Diana's door. Jeff paused before knocking, wondering what could be so important to cause Sara to ask him to wait for more lovemaking. When he knocked, he heard Diana asking him to come in. When he stepped through the door, Jeff saw Diana sitting on the bed, a nervous expression on her face.

"What's wrong? Sara said you wanted to see me," Jeff said, wondering what could possibly make Diana nervous. Diana stood up and began pacing back and forth beside the bed.

"Well... Sara and I were... uh... talking, and she was telling me that... um... I don't know how to say this," Diana began, her face turning bright red.

"Just say it. You've never had problems telling me anything before," Jeff told her, amazed that an Amazon would actually blush.

"Okay, let me start at the beginning. You already know I'm an Amazon, but what you may not know is that I am the princess. My mother, the queen, is Hippolyte. Since birth I have been taught that men are inferior, but since I've met you I've discovered not all men are weak. I have decided I want to have a child with you. I discussed it with Sara, and she has agreed to... uh... let you father my child," Diana told him with a rush, her head down as she spoke the last few words.

"You want to have a baby with me?" Jeff gasped, stunned at the precious gift Diana was offering him. Jeff had always considered Diana to be one of the most beautiful women he had ever seen, but he had never believed he would ever be able to have her.

"Yes. I believe you would be able to give me a very powerful girl-child," she told him, finally looking into his eyes. When she saw the lust he felt for her radiating from them, she finally relaxed, knowing he would help her.

"Okay, when do you want to start?" he asked her, eager to bed the powerful Amazon. Finally relaxing, Diana quickly disrobed, revealing her muscular body. Jeff stood transfixed as he gazed upon her. Her beauty was breathtaking. Even her missing breast didn't detract from her overall attractiveness.

"How about right now?" she asked him, enjoying the admiring looks he was giving her. She had never cared about what any man thought of her beauty before, but now she wanted to please him.

"Now is good," he told her, quickly shedding his clothing. When at last he had removed the last of his clothing, Diana looked at him closely for the first time, openly admiring his muscular body. She had seen many naked men in their competitions, especially in ancient Greece, but Jeff's body was the first that had ever made her cunt grow moist with anticipation. Walking to her, Jeff pulled her into his arms, and began kissing her deeply, his tongue dueling with hers.

"I have to tell you, I've never been with a man before," she told him between kisses, pressing her body against his. Jeff could feel his cock trapped between their bodies, growing larger as it came into contact with Diana's stomach. With a moan, Diana suddenly dropped to her knees and began kissing Jeff's cock.

"Oh shit! I never imagined you would do that," Jeff moaned as he felt Diana wrap her lips around his throbbing erection.

"You'll have to tell me if I'm doing it right," she told him as she momentarily pulled her mouth away from his twitching rod.

"You were doing just fine," he told her as she once again took his pulsating dick between her lips. As Diana began gently sucking on his throbbing cock, Jeff caressed her hair. Even though it hadn't been that long since Jeff had made love to Sara, he knew he wouldn't be able to hold out long with Diana's tender ministrations on his growing rod. Not wanting to cum yet, Jeff pulled the Amazon to her feet and led her to the bed. Unsure of what Jeff wanted, Diana lay back on the bed. and then slowly opened her legs, revealing the treasure between her thighs. When Jeff saw the sparse growth of hair on her cunt, his mouth began to water, wanting to taste her most intimate place.

"You're beautiful," he told her as he lay down between her legs. Jeff began kissing each of her thighs, never quite touching her cunt, wanting to make this experience last as long as possible for her. When Diana felt his mouth on her body, she began straining, wanting to feel his lips around her hot, throbbing clit. Finally taking pity on her, Jeff tenderly began swabbing the little nubbin with his tongue.

"By the gods, that feels incredible," Diana moaned as her hips began undulating against Jeff's face. Jeff loved the tangy flavor of her cunt, the virginal taste arousing him even more. As he continued licking on her erect clit, Jeff began fingering her hot pussy, his touch triggering an instant orgasm. As her ecstasy overtook her, Diana's thighs slammed together around Jeff's head, surprising both of them. Struggling for breath, but wanting to make it as good as possible for Diana, Jeff continued his assault on her sopping cunt. When her waves of passion had finally abated, Jeff sat back to catch his breath.

"I can't believe it, I haven't had an orgasm that intense in years," Diana gasped, the surprise evident in her voice. Instead of taking offense at these words, Jeff took great pride in them. He slowly began kissing higher and higher on her, momentarily stopping to capture her breast in his mouth. When he felt her nipple stiffen, Jeff continued upward until he captured her lips in his. Knowing this was her first time, Jeff continued kissing her as he guided his cock to her dewy cunt lips, slowly, but firmly pushing his way in. Jeff continued until he felt an obstruction blocking his progress.

"Just break it," Diana told him, wanting to feel him firmly embedded inside her. Slowly withdrawing, Jeff suddenly made a tremendous push. For a moment the teen thought he wasn't going to be able to break her hymen, but finally he could feel it give way, allowing him to fully penetrate her. Once he was totally inside her, Jeff kept his hips motionless, wanting to let her become accustomed to the sudden intrusion. Although it had stung when he first busted through her cherry, Diana couldn't believe how good it felt to have a man buried deep within her. Once the stinging had begun to fade, Diana began undulating her hips to let Jeff know she was ready to continue. Following Diana's lead, Jeff gradually began pumping in and out of her, faster and harder with each stroke.

"I can't believe how good this feels," Jeff moaned as he began his ascent to ecstasy. With the pain all but gone, Diana placed her hands on Jeff's hips, guiding him in and out of her. Feeling Jeff's cock begin to grow inside of her, Diana knew the teen was about to cum. Sara had told her that most women didn't have an orgasm their first time, but she at least wanted Jeff to cum.

"Come on Jeff, I want to feel your seed deep inside of me," she told him, hoping her words would urge him on even more. With her words of encouragement, Jeff began pounding in and out of her like a wild animal, his pubic bone bouncing against hers on each stroke. Even though she wasn't expecting to cum, Diana could feel her own orgasm approaching. Frantically she rotated her hips, wanting to rub her clit against him to allow her to reach her peak.

"Oh god! You're so tight, I'm not going to be able to last much longer," Jeff moaned as he felt the sperm boiling in his balls. Unable to control himself any longer, Jeff buried himself as deeply as possible in her clenching cunt, his seed spraying deep within her. When Diana felt Jeff's cock begin shooting his sticky cum inside of her, it triggered her own orgasm. Once again, Diana's thighs slammed together around her lover, squeezing him tightly. When the pair was finally spent, Jeff tenderly kissed her, wanting to show her the affection he felt for her.

"That was incredible. I'm glad my first time was with you," Diana told him, silently thanking the gods for sex. Not wanting to leave yet, but wanting to spend more time with his newest lover, Jeff slowly withdrew, and then lay by her side.

"Thank you, Diana. You're fantastic," he told her as he took her in his arms. Diana blushed lightly from his praise, but also felt a deep sense of pride for her ability to make Jeff happy. At first she had been the instructor, but this young man had just taught her about sex. Snuggling in Jeff's arms, Diana was glad she had talked to Sara. She would never have asked Jeff if she had thought Sara wouldn't approve, and when she not only gave her blessing, but came up with the plan to get Jeff into her bed, Diana had been delighted. Exhausted from their lovemaking, Diana was about to doze off when she suddenly remembered something else she wanted to discuss with him.

"Jeff, there is something I need to tell you. Your next test is going to be your hardest yet. Apollo is the one testing you this time, and his warrior is immortal, so you will have to make him surrender. It won't be easy, but I know you can do it," she told him, the concern showing in her eyes.

"I knew the tests were going to continue getting harder. I just wish I had someone I could ask to help me, but you said you couldn't," he told her, his shoulders slumping in fatigue.

"I didn't say I couldn't help you. I just told you that you had to go by yourself when you faced Cerberus. I can't volunteer to help you, but... , " she told him, a mischievous gleam in her eyes.

"Okay, Diana would you do me the honor of fighting by my side in this next battle?" he asked her, a smile slowly spreading across his face.

"It is I who would be honored to fight by your side," she told him, the timbre in her voice reflecting her commitment to him. Diana had hoped he would ask her to help him; she knew this next test would be the hardest he would face until he faced Zeus' challenger.

"What can you tell me about my next test?" he asked her, suddenly serious. Jeff knew if he had Diana by his side, he could face anything.

"Well, I'm sure you've heard of Heracles, or as the Romans called him, Hercules. Apollo will use him to test you. You are only the second to get this far, and nobody has beaten Heracles. We will have to use our wits to defeat him, but it can be done," she told him, giving him renewed hope.

"Use our wits? Okay, here is what we will do..." he replied as he began laying out plans to defeat the legendary hero.

After making sure everything was in place, Jeff stepped out into the clearing. Trying to clear his head, Jeff took a deep breath, enjoying the smell of the blooms on the olive trees. Wanting to keep the sun at his back, Jeff maneuvered into position before he called out to the legendary hero.

"Mighty Heracles, I am the Oberon warrior. I am ready for my test," Jeff called out, hoping he truly was prepared to meet the immortal hero.

"I was expecting a larger man; you must be very strong," Heracles answered as he stepped out to meet the teen. When Jeff saw him step out into the clearing, he was awestruck. He had read about Heracles, but none of the books had prepared him for the size of the man facing him. Standing six inches over six feet, and weighing around 275, there didn't appear to be any extra fat on the man, just rock solid muscle. Remembering the plan, Jeff stepped up to meet the demigod.

"I'm glad to meet you, sir. I wish it had been under different circumstances," Jeff told him, holding his hand out in greeting.

"I'm also pleased to meet you. You are only the second man I've faced in this game. I wish you luck, but I will give no quarter and expect none," the giant told Jeff, his eyes evaluating the young man. Looking closely, he noticed the Phlegathon armor on his opponent and knew he would have no luck there. Whoever wore this armor was virtually invulnerable from the waist to the neck. Heracles had no idea how Jeff had acquired this magical armor, but his estimation of the teen grew. Heracles knew this would be no easy victory.

"I am ready when you are," Jeff told him, unsheathing his sword. Taking a defensive position, Jeff waited, wanting to let the giant wear himself out. Diana had told him his armor would protect his torso against anything, as would his helmet, so Jeff concentrated on keeping his arms tucked in and protecting his legs.

"Then let's get to it," Heracles replied, laughing with the joy of battle once again upon him. Heracles had missed this, and finally here was a worthy young man to clash with. With a sweeping blow aimed at Jeff's neck, Heracles attempted to end the battle with one swing. Jeff blocked the attempt, falling back as he did so. The teen knew Heracles was strong, but he was unprepared for the strength of the attack being launched upon him. Confident now, Heracles pressed his advantage, the clang of metal upon metal sounding throughout the grove. Agile for his size, Heracles surprised Jeff when he made a sudden jab at his legs. With a tremendous leap, Jeff narrowly avoided having his legs taken out from under him.

"You're good, boy," Heracles commented, enjoying the give and take of battle. Taking a step backward, Jeff felt pleased at the compliment the giant had paid him, but knew he couldn't relax or this fight would end much too quickly.

"Thank you. I knew you would be tough, but I had no idea how tough," Jeff returned, warily eyeing the legendary warrior. Wanting to at least give a small semblance of battle, Jeff finally swung his own sword, making contact with the giant's breastplate. With a grin, Heracles continued forward, pushing the young man farther and farther back. Feeling confident, Heracles stepped up his attack, his sword flashing in the sun. Jeff was hard-pressed to block each of these blows and knew he wouldn't be able to hold out much longer. Quickly glancing over his shoulder, Jeff smiled as he realized where he was. Taking one more step backward, Jeff blocked Heracles' sword yet again. "Now!" he yelled, quickly jumping out of the way. With a start, Heracles realized the teen had planned a trap, and he had stepped into it. The giant suddenly found himself hanging upside down, his legs caught in a vine rope. The teen hoped Heracles wouldn't be too mad, but Jeff felt like the only way he could defeat Heracles was to outwit him. Quickly disarming him, Jeff stepped back and called out for Diana.

"Okay, he's secure, come on out," he told her, making sure not to get too close to Heracles. Stepping into the clearing, Diana smiled as she looked at the dangling figure hanging from the tree.

"I see you caught a rabbit," she said, smiling at Heracles.

"Very funny. I yield, now let me down, Diana," Heracles said as he swung back and forth from the tree. With a grin, Diana used her sword to cut the giant down, watching him drop to his back.

"I'm sorry, sir, but I couldn't think of any other way to beat you. I hope you aren't too mad," Jeff said, holding his hand out to the warrior. Suddenly a growl split the air, causing Jeff to once again unsheathe his sword. Looking over at Heracles, Jeff realized it wasn't a growl, but the man laughing.

"Mad? I'm not mad. I'm furious, but only at myself for getting caught in a trap like that. Well done, young warrior," Heracles told him, laughing at the trick Jeff and Diana had played on him.

"I'm really glad to hear that. I couldn't have defeated you if you had decided to get mad at me," Jeff told him, relief evident in his voice. He knew Heracles had a reputation for having a bad temper, and he didn't want to have the demigod mad at him.

"So, how are you, Diana?" Heracles asked, finally facing the Amazon. With a start, Heracles realized something had changed. Where before, Diana would look with disdain at every man; she actually looked like she was fond of this mortal. Would wonders never cease?

"I am well, and you?" she returned, proud of the way Jeff had defeated Heracles.

"I am not doing as well. I let a mortal outsmart me," Heracles told her, still laughing at himself for being taken in.

"Yes you did. What do you have to say for yourself?" came a voice from above, startling the trio. Even Heracles had not been expecting to see Hermes here.

"I have news. Zeus wants to see you all," the winged god told them, making each of them wonder what the lord of the gods wanted with them. With a shrug, they walked out of the clearing to find out what fate awaited them.
Chapter 15
Home | Top | Night Wolf's Page |   Feedback to author


 
Home | Night Wolf's Page « Ahead of the Game Index « Previous
Chapter 15
Posted: November 14, 2003 - 02:27:56 pm

"Well hello, young man. I'm glad to see you've made it this far," Zeus said, eyeing the teen closely.

"Hey! Aren't you the guy from the docks?" Jeff asked, sensing an undercurrent in the old man's words.

"Yes. I had to be sure you were able to finish playing my little game. You've surprised me, young man. I didn't count on you making it this far. I would like to congratulate you, but I can tell you now, it only gets tougher from here," Zeus warned the teen. Jeff could sense an underlying frustration in the god's words, but he couldn't understand why.

"Why are you here? I thought this was Apollo's test," Jeff asked him, wondering what would bring Zeus here at this moment. After every test he had completed before, the god that had challenged him would show up to bestow a gift on him. This new turn of events puzzled Jeff.

"I wanted to tell you that I have Sara's father. If you win the game, I intend to kill him. You can call it your sacrifice to me," Zeus told the teen, spite dripping from his every word. Jeff's jaw dropped to his chest as he listened to the god. Jeff knew Zeus was reputed to do some vindictive things, but he never thought the lord of the gods would sink so low.

"Why would you do that?" Jeff asked, still unable to believe the mighty Zeus would kill out of spite. Even as he asked, Jeff began making plans to free Sara's father. He knew there would be no appeal to the lord of the gods; Jeff was going to have to free the father of his bride-to-be.

"Nobody has ever won the game, and I don't intend for that to change. I don't care if you pass the rest of the challenges, but you are not to win this game. I don't need to tell you again what will happen if you do," Zeus told him. When Jeff heard this, he became livid. He had come through unscathed from the previous challenges only to have Zeus tell him he couldn't win.

"Why did I do all of this if you're just going to do that? I can't believe you would kill Sara's father if I win your stupid game," Jeff raged, unable to control his emotions any longer. Lost in the fog of his emotions, Jeff failed to notice the satisfied smile on the god's face as he suddenly disappeared. Still seething, Jeff began walking back to the boat, only to be stopped once again.

"Hold on, young man. I have something for you," a booming voice said from behind Jeff. Startled, Jeff turned around and saw what could only be Apollo standing in front of him. Moving the lyre from his right hand to his left, Apollo raised his right hand in greeting to the youth.

"Hi. What kind of bad news are you going to lay on me?" Jeff asked the god, amazed at his own temerity. With a grimace, Apollo took in the young man before him. The god had overheard the last of Jeff's and Zeus's conversation and took pity on the teen.

"I'm not holding anyone captive, if that's what you're afraid of," Apollo told the youth. Looking into Apollo's face, Jeff instinctively knew this god was unaware of what had transpired with Sara's father.

"I still can't believe Zeus would do something like that. I worked so hard to get to this point and now I find out, if I win, Zeus will kill Sara's father," Jeff mumbled, shaking his head.

"Okay, from what I've seen, you don't give up easily. What do you plan to do about it?" Apollo asked the distraught teen. Puzzled, Jeff looked warily at the god.

"What do you mean? I plan on rescuing him," Jeff answered.

"Yes, I understand that, but again, what do you plan to do?" Apollo asked the teen once again.

"I don't know, but I won't let Zeus get away with it. I don't care if he is a god," Jeff answered, his frustration mounting.

"Perhaps these gifts will help you in your quest," Apollo told the youth, suddenly producing two vials filled with light blue liquid. Jeff had gotten used to different wonders on his journey, but he was still amazed by the appearance of the containers.

"What are they?" Jeff asked the imposing god of light.

"Drink this and it will render you invisible for a short time. Knowing my father, he probably has your betrothed's father on Crete. I think I know a way to get you there, but you must remember the potion only lasts for a short time. You will have to be quick if you hope to rescue him," Apollo told the youth.

"I don't know how to thank you," Jeff replied, effusive in his gratitude. Taking the vials, Jeff tucked them away in his pocket, making sure they were safe.

"That was my first gift. I also want to give you this," the god told him, producing a bright silver shield from thin air. Jeff admired the reflective surface of this newest gift.

"This is incredible. I've never seen anything like it," Jeff told him, turning the shield in various directions as he tried to get used to the weight of his newly added defense.

"Use it in good health; I would like to see you win this little game. You're the first warrior I've seen who might actually defeat... well anyway you're the only one I've seen that could win," Apollo told the teen, his smile acknowledging his near slip.

"I will. Do you have any idea who might be guarding Sara's father?" Jeff asked, hoping against hope to get some information that might aid him in his rescue attempt.

"I'm sorry, young warrior. I couldn't tell you, even if I knew," Apollo told the young man.

"I had to ask. Anyway, I really appreciate your help," Jeff replied, still unsure of how he was going to reach Crete.

"I can help you with that," Apollo spoke up, breaking into Jeff's reverie.

"Help me with what?" Jeff asked, knowing the answer even as he asked the imposing god.

"I can help you get to Crete. I will let you borrow my pet to get there. I have to warn you though, if you get in trouble, he won't be able to help you," Apollo told him, unable to completely hide a wide grin.

"Cool, what kind of pet do you have?" Jeff asked, knowing it must be a very special pet to get him all the way to Crete.

"Here he comes now. Why don't you see for yourself," Apollo replied, no longer bothering to conceal his smile. Hearing the sounds of large wings, Jeff looked into the sky to locate the disturbance. Unable to stop gazing at the sight before him, Jeff slowly moved toward the descending beast.

"Holy shit! That's Pegasus, isn't it?" Jeff asked, eyeing the flying horse. Approaching the equine, Jeff was startled when Pegasus suddenly snorted.

"Here, easy boy. He's just trying to get to know you, and yes that is Pegasus," Apollo told Jeff, laughing at the teen's discomfiture. Tentatively Jeff reached out to stroke the broad head and was surprised when the winged horse stepped closer to him, seemingly wanting more contact with the young man.

"Wow, cool! I can't believe I'm actually getting to ride the legendary Pegasus," Jeff murmured in awe. Knowing it would add even more pressure to the teen, Apollo didn't tell Jeff he would be considered legendary if he won the game.

"I don't mean to rush you, but you need to hurry if you intend to rescue him before Zeus discovers your plans," Apollo warned him. With a wave, Jeff hopped onto the back of Pegasus and then held on for dear life as the winged horse began his ascent.

"Thanks again," Jeff called out, desperately holding on to Pegasus' mane. Feeling unsure of himself, Jeff struggled to remain atop the bounding horse. When the pair finally reached the Aegean Sea, Jeff was beginning to feel comfortable aboard the airborne beast. As they continued on their journey, Jeff suddenly realized he had forgotten to let anyone know where he was going. Hoping he would be back before they missed him, Jeff began trying to formulate a plan to free the father of his betrothed.

As he continued to plan, Jeff discovered he didn't actually know where Sara's father was being held. He could only hope his winged companion would be able to take him where he needed to go.

<Don't worry, my young friend, Pegasus knows where he's going, > Apollo told the teen mentally. Upon hearing these words, Jeff relaxed, trusting the flying steed to deliver him safely. Relaxing, Jeff began to study his surroundings, figuring he wouldn't be given the opportunity to view them again. As he continued to look around, Jeff saw dolphins playing in the briny sea below him. Leaning over to get a better look, Jeff suddenly felt himself plummeting to the water below.

As he neared the water, Jeff regretted even more not telling Sara where he was going. He could picture her in his mind, her eyes comforting him as he prepared for the cold shock of the water. Resigning himself to this bitter end, Jeff was surprised when he landed on Pegasus' back.

"Thanks, boy. I thought that was the end for sure," Jeff said to the winged steed. When Pegasus looked back, Jeff could have sworn the horse was laughing at him. Feeling abashed, Jeff tried to forget his near death and to concentrate on the task at hand. As they neared Crete, Jeff began feeling nervous, not because of any dangers he might face, but from the thought of meeting Sara's father for the first time.

<It's time to take the potion> Apollo told Jeff mentally, breaking into the teen's thoughts. Drinking the light blue liquid, Jeff noticed he didn't feel any different. As he began wondering if it even worked, Jeff looked down and discovered he was casting no shadow.

Wow, this stuff is great, he thought as Pegasus lightly touched down outside of a dark eerie looking building, the moss growing on its side giving it an ominous appearance. Upon seeing a gaping door, Jeff walked cautiously toward it, wondering if it could be a trap. Not seeing anyone, Jeff quietly stepped into the building, trying not to alert anyone to his presence. Looking around, Jeff saw a door leading into a dungeon.

Damn, so far it's too easy, Jeff thought as he saw a key hanging on the wall by the door. Taking the key, Jeff inserted it into the lock. Turning it slowly to avoid making any noise, Jeff heard the tumblers in the lock click. Looking around to make sure nobody came to check out the sound; Jeff carefully made his way down the steps, stopping and listening several times before he finally made his way to the bottom. Once he was there, Jeff spotted another door that was slightly ajar. Opening it, Jeff saw a lone figure in one of the cells. Forgetting to be cautious, Jeff rushed to the cell.

"Mister Farrell?" Jeff asked the man residing in the cell. Startled the man looked around, trying to figure out where the disembodied voice had come from.

"I'm Dean Farrell. Who are you? For that matter, where are you?" the man asked, wondering if he might finally be going insane from his captivity.

"I know this is a bad way to find this out, but I'm Sara's fiancée. I'm here to rescue you. First, let me find a key for the cell so we can get you out of there," Jeff told him. With a sigh, the older man leaned back on his cot, not wanting to draw any attention to himself in case a guard were to check on him.

"Doesn't look like I have much choice, does it?" Dean chuckled. Walking back to the room he had just left, Jeff spotted a desk in the corner. After looking in all of the drawers, Jeff felt his frustration grow until he saw the keys lying on the floor under the massive wooden desk. Retrieving the keys, Jeff hurried back to the cell, wanting to get the older man out of there as quickly as possible. Upon reaching his goal, Jeff slipped the key into the lock, finally releasing the father of his girlfriend. Opening the door, Jeff stepped in; wanting to make sure Dean was able to travel. Satisfied that he was, Jeff produced the second flask and held it out to the older man.

"Follow the sound of my voice, and you will feel a flask in front of you. Now when you drink this, it will make you invisible and allow us to sneak you out of here," Jeff told him as he watched the man drink the potion. Once he had drained the flask, Dean began fading out of sight. Satisfied, Jeff began leading the man out to freedom, holding onto his hand to keep from losing him. Silently, the pair headed up the stairs, not wanting to encounter any guards that might stumble in on them. After they reached the top, Jeff let out a sigh of relief. Only a few more minutes and they would be safely on their way aboard Pegasus.

"I can see why my daughter likes you," Dean suddenly spoke up, startling the teen. Looking down, Jeff could see that the potion had worn off.

"Oh shit! Well, let's see if we can get out of here. Our transportation is just outside the door," Jeff told the older man. Wanting to avoid any more bad luck, Jeff walked stealthily toward the door only to be stopped by an unearthly sound coming from behind them.

"Get out of here, I will take care of this and join you. You will find Pegasus out there, just get on him and if I'm not out there in a little while, hurry back to Sara. Pegasus knows where she is," Jeff told the man as he readied himself for battle.

"I'm not going to leave without you, son. Sara would never forgive me if I let anything happen to you," Dean told the teen.

"Go ahead. I'm getting used to having to fight my way out of places," Jeff told Dean with a grin, trying to reassure the older man. Once Dean was out of the way, Jeff walked slowly to where the noise was coming from. Not knowing what to expect, Jeff picked his way cautiously, trying to gain any advantage he could. As he neared the creature, it suddenly sprang from the shadows. Seeing the eagle-like head and wings as well as the body of a lion, Jeff knew immediately he was facing a griffin. Remembering his folklore, Jeff knew he would have to be very wary of the scorpion tail on the monster.

With a roar, the griffin leapt at Jeff, wanting to end the battle quickly. Jeff quickly sidestepped the beast, narrowly avoiding the slashing claws as it went by him. Swinging around, Jeff was amazed at the griffin's speed as it lunged at him once again. Holding his ground, Jeff parried the monster's claws, and then quickly countered with a slashing swipe of his sword at the brute, just nicking its side. With a roar, the griffin redoubled his efforts, wanting to dispatch the pesky human as quickly as possible.

"Come on, big fella," Jeff taunted the beast. Eyeing the teen warily, the griffin changed its tactics, slowly advancing on its adversary. With a high-pitched squawk, the griffin swung its massive paw at Jeff, the razor-sharp claws glinting in the meager light. Like a middleweight boxer, Jeff ducked, feeling the wind from the swipe at him. Countering, Jeff was about to try a stab at the monster's belly. At the last moment, Jeff caught movement out of the corner of his eye and just barely managed to avoid the scorpion-like tail. Adjusting the arc of his sword, Jeff managed to not only block the tail, but to also sever it halfway up the poisonous appendage.

"Damn, that was close," Jeff muttered as he watched the tail drop to the ground. Knowing he didn't have to worry anymore about the poisonous attacks from the beast, Jeff renewed his assault on the monster. Stepping back one step, Jeff awaited the next move by the griffin. When the creature once again tried a sweeping blow at him, Jeff stepped into it and stabbed at the exposed underbelly of the griffin. Just as he was about to end the struggle, Jeff tripped, leaving him to the creature's mercy. Quickly rolling, Jeff leapt to his feet, only to be knocked back down from a blow by the monster's heavy paw.

"Ugh, you're not going to make this easy, are you?" Jeff gasped, as he stood up once again. Sensing his opponent was tiring, the griffin inched toward him, pressing his advantage. Jeff patiently waited for the next blow, knowing his time was growing short if he didn't do something quickly. When the beast once again swung a mammoth paw at him, Jeff blocked it with his shield and then quickly sliced at it, nearly severing it from the rest of the monster's body. With a roar, the griffin began warily backing away, the injury nearly disabling it. Seeing an opening, Jeff made a swipe at the animal's other paw, slicing it as neatly as he had the other. With a bounding leap, the griffin retreated, not wanting to do battle with the teen anymore. With a sigh, Jeff began to relax, until he caught movement out of the corner of his eye. Using his shield as a mirror, Jeff saw the guard creeping up on him from behind. When the man had almost reached him, Jeff whirled around and stabbed his newest adversary, stopping him in his tracks. Having dispatched his foes, Jeff hurried through the door, wanting to get back to his friends.

"Mister Farrell, are you here?" Jeff called, eager to be on his way.

"I'm on Pegasus. Climb aboard and let's get out of here," the older man replied. With a leap, Jeff climbed onto the flying-horse's back, knocking Dean off the winged stallion. With a muttered curse, Dean climbed back onto the equine's back, tempted to retaliate. When Pegasus realized the pair was safely on board, he took off, leaving Crete behind them.

"Do you hear something?" Sara asked, the sound of flapping wings reaching her ears. Looking around, she saw Jeff approaching the craft on a flying horse. With a scream, the girl rushed to the bow, waiting for them to land.

"Hi, honey, I'm home," Jeff called out as Pegasus' hooves landed on the deck of the boat. Climbing down, Jeff was unprepared for the reception Sara gave him.

"Oh, Jeff, I was getting worried. Nobody had any idea where you were and we all thought something awful had happened," Sara told him, rushing to throw her arms around him. Bending down, Jeff kissed her tenderly, reassuring her that he was safe.

"I brought you something," he told her, after the couple had come up for air.

"What? I don't see anythi... , " Sara started, and then stopped as her father suddenly materialized in front of her.

"Daddy, that old man said he had kidnapped you! How did Jeff find you?" Sara exclaimed, rushing to greet her father. With a huge smile, Dean embraced his daughter, happy to hold his daughter in his arms once again. Wanting to give father and daughter some time alone, Jeff began walking toward the cabin, when Dean stopped him.

"This young man got me out of that hellhole they were holding me and brought me to you. Where are you going, young man? I think it's time I get to know my future son-in-law better," Dean called out, seeing Jeff walking away. Walking back to rejoin them, Jeff felt his face grow hot as he got closer to the pair.

"I thought you two would want to be alone," Jeff told him, blushing profusely, not wanting to interfere in their reunion.

"Thanks to you, we are going to be able to talk all we want to later," Dean told him, glad to welcome the young man into his family. He was about to say more, when he was interrupted by a muscular-looking woman.

"Jeff, we were beginning to wonder where you were. I see you've been busy," Diana told him, her smile dazzling in its intensity.

"Diana, this is my father, Dean Farrell," Sara spoke up, introducing the pair.

"It's an honor to meet you, Mister Farrell. I am Diana, Princess of the Amazons," Diana told him, her eyes never leaving Jeff.

"Well, Diana, I am pleased to meet you as well," Dean told her, taking in the way Diana was looking at Jeff. With a glance at Jeff, to let him know he wanted to talk to him later, Dean gave his daughter a brief hug, and then released her, knowing his only child would want to make sure Jeff was really okay.

"Dean, let me show you to your room," Diana told him, leading him into the cabin below. Once Diana and Dean were out of sight, Jeff took Sara into his arms.

"Zeus told me he had your father. He said he was going to kill him if I won his stupid game. I had to get him out of there for you," Jeff told her. Upon hearing this, Sara began sobbing, realizing how close she had come to losing the two most important men in her life.

"I'm so glad you're both safe," she told him as she pressed herself against him, wanting to reassure herself that her lover was indeed safe. Wanting to prove to herself that Jeff was indeed okay, Sara began leading him to the room they were sharing.

"Are you sure about this," Jeff asked her as he closed the door behind them.

"Daddy knows I'm a responsible woman. He trusts my judgment," she replied as she melted into his arms. Kissing her deeply, Jeff happily resigned himself to making love with her. Picking her up, Jeff carried Sara to the bed, gently laying her in the bed. Quickly undressing, Jeff joined her, only to have her get up to remove her own clothing. Wanting to tease Jeff, Sara took her time, slowly removing each item until she was finally down to her panties. Climbing into bed with Jeff, Sara began kissing him slowly, working her way down until she had reached her goal. Taking his cock into her mouth, she began sucking softly; wanting to show him how much she loved him.

"Baby, you don't have to get me hot, I'm already there," Jeff told her, enjoying her ministrations despite his words.

"Just sit back and enjoy this," Sara told him as she tenderly sucked him back into her mouth. With a groan, Jeff lay back to enjoy the pleasure Sara was giving him. When Jeff relaxed, Sara renewed her efforts, drawing him even closer to an orgasm. When Jeff felt himself nearing his release, he gently raised her face to his, wanting to prolong their lovemaking.

"I want to give you pleasure, too," he told her when she looked questioningly into his eyes. Suiting actions to words, Jeff began slowly pulling her panties down, trailing kisses behind her slowly-descending lingerie. As Sara felt her arousal rise, she became impatient, wanting the offending garment off of her as quickly as possible. As soon as she was completely nude, she hopped onto the bed, pulling her lover down with her.

"Hurry, Jeff, I've missed you so much," she sighed as she began trying to guide his pulsating cock into her. Wanting to arouse her even further, Jeff began kissing her inner thighs, slowly working his way up to her waiting cunt. When he finally reached her growing clit, Jeff sucked it gently into his mouth, laving it with his tongue. Feeling the sudden pressure on her nubbin, Sara began undulating her hips, wanting him to stimulate her even more. As Sara became wetter, Jeff introduced two fingers into her love canal, feeling for her g-spot.

"Oh God, I can't take it anymore!" Sara exclaimed as she began frantically pulling him up to join her. Feeling his cock at her entrance, Sara quickly reached down to guide him into her. As her cunt enveloped his throbbing tool, Jeff could feel the semen boiling in his scrotum. With Sara's sopping pussy sucking his rod deeper into her womb, Jeff couldn't hold back any longer. Plunging in to the hilt, Jeff began sawing in and out of her boiling twat, driving them both mindless with ecstasy.

"I'm not going to last very long," Jeff moaned as he pumped in and out of her cunt. In her bliss, Sara started raking her nails across Jeff's back, leaving furrows in his sweaty skin. Heedless of the scratches, Jeff continued pistoning in and out of her, driving them both closer to their orgasms. When Sara could take no more, she convulsed under him, the spasms wracking her body.

"Cum with me Jeff, I want to feel you shoot deep inside of me!" Sara cried, pulling him deeper inside her throbbing twat. Feeling her pulsating cunt gripping his cock, Jeff's dick began spurting, his seed coating her cervix. When the pair finally recovered, Jeff withdrew his slowly deflating rod, and lay beside her, pulling her into his arms.

"That was incredible. I never get tired of making love with you," Jeff sighed as he stroked her side.

"I love you, Jeff," she replied, burrowing even further into his embrace. Nearly dozing, Jeff decided to get up before he dropped off to sleep.

"I love you too, but we need to get up before your dad comes down to check on you," Jeff told her, disappointment evident in his tone. With a groan, Sara nodded, realizing her dad could be down any minute. With a sigh, Jeff finished dressing, not wanting Dean to catch him without any clothes on. Just as he got his last shoe on, there was a knock at the door.

"Hey, are you two decent?" Diana asked, the laughter in her voice apparent even through the two-inch thick door.

"Yeah, come on in, Diana," Sara replied, slipping her blouse on as Diana stepped through the door.

"There's someone on deck wanting to see you," Diana told Jeff as she took in the rumpled appearance of the pair.

"Who would come here?" Jeff asked, even as he made his way out the door. Rushing to see who this mysterious guest was, Jeff stepped onto the deck, looking to see who it could be. When he saw Zeus, Jeff gripped the hilt of his sword, knowing it would be futile to fight the master of the gods, but knowing he would fight to his last breath to protect the others.

"Young man, I want to talk to you," Zeus began, his words ringing ominously in the still air.
Chapter 16
Home | Top | Night Wolf's Page |   Feedback to author


 
Home | Night Wolf's Page « Ahead of the Game Index « Previous
Chapter 16
Posted: November 14, 2003 - 02:27:56 pm

Zeus advanced on Jeff, his wrath unmistakable. Holding his ground, Jeff unsheathed his sword, willing to face the god's wrath to save his friends. Raising his hand as if to swat a pesky fly, Zeus was about to end Jeff's existence on the earth when a familiar voice spoke up behind the god.

"What are you doing? I know you wanted to win the game, but kidnapping a mortal is simply unacceptable. I think this human showed remarkable courage when he defied you. Don't you dare touch him!" the feminine voice said, distracting Zeus at the last moment.

"But, Dear, I was just..." Zeus began.

"I don't care. What you were doing was despicable. You leave this boy alone and go back to Olympus," Hera continued, her voice rising as she continued berating her husband. With a scowl at Jeff, Zeus suddenly disappeared, leaving Hera and Jeff alone on the deck of the tiny craft. Seeing the god was gone, Jeff sheathed his sword and breathed a sigh of relief.

"You're not done yet. It's time for you to face my challenge. There is a young lady I want you to rescue. I will get Apollo to loan Pegasus to you again to help you on your journey," Hera told Jeff, her expression puzzling the teen.

"Is it okay if I let the others know that I'm leaving?" Jeff asked, not wanting to worry Sara again.

"Of course, but don't be too long. I don't know how long the girl can last," Hera agreed, her enigmatic smile confusing Jeff once again. With Hera's words echoing in his ears, Jeff rushed to the cabin he shared with Sara to let her know of this new challenge.

"I don't know how long I will be gone, but I will get back as soon as I can," he told her as he hurried to get his armor in place. As soon as he had completed dressing, Jeff took Sara into his arms and kissed her, his tongue tracing her lips, giving her a hint of what he had planned for her on his return. Releasing her, Jeff opened the door and stepped out, bumping into Diana.

"What's going on?" the Amazon asked the pair.

"Hera is sending me on another challenge. I was just coming to tell you," Jeff told her, stunned by the tears he saw in her eyes.

"Another challenge? You just got back!" she replied, surreptitiously wiping her eyes as she buried her face in his chest. As Jeff stroked her hair, he pretended not to see the tears on her cheeks, not wanting to embarrass her. Jeff marveled at the change in the Amazon princess since that first day he met her. Smiling at Sara, Jeff kissed the two women once more, enjoying the taste of their lips.

"I shouldn't be gone too long. For some reason I don't think this challenge will be too difficult," Jeff told her. Not wanting to risk Hera's ire, Jeff quickly kissed the worried women, and then rushed out on deck, nearly colliding with the winged horse waiting for him. With a leap, Jeff settled on Pegasus' back, wanting to get back as quickly as possible. With a glance behind him, Jeff saw Hera walking up to join him.

"No, you can't take armor or weapons this time, it is time you began using your psionic powers," Hera told him. Confused, Jeff began removing his armor, wondering what could be in store for him. Once he had disarmed himself, Jeff began reviewing what he had learned from Leandra in his mind. Jeff knew he hadn't used the skills the beautiful teacher had taught him very much, especially lately, but he knew he had to be mentally ready for the challenges that lay ahead of him.

Climbing back onto Pegasus, Jeff began concentrating on the task ahead. But, with Hera giving him no details on what this challenge would be, Jeff was unsure of what he would need to prepare for. As the majestic horse lifted off from the wooden deck of the vessel, Jeff wondered how he would be able to defend himself without any armor or weapons. Once aloft, Jeff decided to relax and enjoy the view of the countryside. The rocky hills and lush meadows showed no signs of the ancient peoples that had traveled through these lands in earlier eras. With a sigh, Jeff felt himself unwind, taking pleasure in the wind whipping over him. All too soon it seemed, Pegasus began descending, landing next to a large castle-like structure.

Warily, Jeff dismounted from the winged horse, looking around to see if anyone had noticed his arrival. Seeing no one, Jeff paused for a moment to concentrate on the task ahead of him. Walking toward the front of the mammoth building, Jeff continued listening for signs of life around the ancient structure. When he reached the giant door, Jeff crept inside, stepping carefully to avoid making any noise that might draw attention to him. Once there, Jeff began using his rusty psionic talents to scan for guards. Finding none nearby, Jeff grew more confident.

Stepping farther into the building, Jeff came to a winding, golden staircase, the steps covered in red carpet. Cautiously, the teen began ascending the stairs, not wanting to alert any guards that might be close. Upon reaching the top of the twisting steps, Jeff paused, once again looking around for guards. Seeing none, Jeff continued until he heard the sounds of a woman moaning in pain. Deciding this would be a good time to use his abilities, Jeff let his mind wander into the room. Looking around in the luxurious room, the first thing Jeff noticed was the apparent distress on her face. The second thing he noticed was her clothing, or more appropriately, her lack of clothing. The light brown nipples on her luscious breasts were erect, even in the warm temperature of the castle. Although she had a superb shape, what captured Jeff's attention even more than everything else, was her fingers digging feverishly in her hairless slit. Jeff couldn't see any danger the girl was in, but Hera had told him to rescue her.

Taking a deep breath, the teen decided to sneak into her room and get her out of any predicament she might be in. Stealthily, Jeff crept into the room, still not fully confident in his abilities. Upon reaching the girl's bed, Jeff knelt beside it, not wanting to talk too loudly for fear that he might draw some unwanted attention.

"Hera sent me here to rescue you," Jeff whispered, not wanting to startle her. Almost of their own volition, Jeff's eyes wandered from the girl's raven hair, and down past her creamy complexion and ruby lips. As his line of sight continued downward, Jeff couldn't help marveling at the maiden's pert breasts and the way her waist tapered in, only to flare out to perfectly shaped hips.

"Like what you see?" she asked, startling Jeff from his visual explorations. With a blush, Jeff looked into her eyes, wanting to see if she was offended or was just teasing him. Seeing no censure there, Jeff began feeling more comfortable around the naked girl.

"Er... um... yeah, you're beautiful," he told her, his hunger for her growing with each passing minute.

"Aren't you getting hot with all those clothes on?" she asked, opening and closing her legs to further entice the teen. Seeing her cunt winking at him, Jeff began removing his clothing, mesmerized by the winking hole between her thighs.

"Uh, yeah," Jeff answered, removing the last of his garments. Forgetting the reason he was there, Jeff climbed into bed with the nubile girl. Once he was there, he felt her hands wrapping around his manhood, pulling him even closer to her.

"Mmm, a nice hard cock, just what I've been needing," she purred as she stroked his raging erection. Unable to resist, Jeff began fondling her breasts, feeling her nipples stiffen in his hands. Slowly bending over, Jeff took the first nubbin into his mouth, sucking gently on it.

"Harder, suck it harder," she moaned pulling his head tight into her breast. Wanting to please, Jeff began tugging on the turgid nipple, gently scraping it with his teeth. As the girl felt the tug on her tit, her hips began undulating in time with his sucking. Continuing with his manipulation on her breast, Jeff's hand began a slow trek, only hesitating to move her hand away from her hairless twat. Finding her clit, Jeff began tweaking it with his fingers, wanting to excite her further.

"Oh, Baby, faster, faster," she groaned, her hips rising to increase the pressure on her clit. Twirling his fingers all around her nubbin, Jeff couldn't help hearing the sloshing of her abundant juices. Taking his mouth from her breast, Jeff followed the path his hands had taken and began licking all around her juicy cunt, never quite touching her clitoris. Frantically, the girl pawed at him, trying to pull him on top of her.

"I need you now! I've got to feel you deep inside of me," she moaned. Not wanting to rush, Jeff began licking her sensitive clit as he began sawing his fingers in and out of her soaked cunt. With this new stimulation, the girl began rolling her hips wildly, her orgasm overpowering in its intensity. Not wanting to get hurt from her gyrations, Jeff drew his head back, but continued fingering her now sopping pussy.

"So good, so good," she crooned, as the waves from her orgasm began receding. Suddenly, without warning, the girl reached down and grabbed Jeff's dick and began pulling him toward her waiting cunt, guiding him into her. Unable to resist any longer, Jeff thrust deeply into her, until his balls were nudging against her ass. Slowly, Jeff began stroking in and out of her, the ridges of her pussy gripping him like a velvety glove. As the friction continued stimulating his already-throbbing prick, Jeff began pounding in and out of the girl, bringing them both to the precipice of their climaxes.

"Do me! Do me!" the girl screamed as Jeff continued pumping in and out of her soaking cunt. With her coaxing words ringing in his ears, Jeff felt the cum churning in his nuts, and then finally spilling out into her womb. Feeling the teen's sperm shooting against her cervix triggered the girl's orgasm, making her clutch frantically at the teen, her nails leaving grooves on his back. When the last of their spasms finally abated, Jeff rolled off of the nubile nymph, wanting to catch his breath.

"Wow, that was fantastic... I don't even know what to call you," the girl giggled.

"I'm Jeff, and I don't know what to call you either," Jeff replied a sheepish smile on his face.

"I'm Eos. It seems like I've been waiting forever for a man to fuck," she replied, her laughter contagious. She was about to continue, when a voice drew them back to earth.

"Well, I see he was able to rescue you," Hera laughed, her eyes twinkling as she took in the pair on the bed.

"Did you send him? I heard him say Hera, but after I saw a man by my bed, I didn't hear any more, and to answer your question, yes he did. I haven't had an orgasm like that in eons," Eos replied, her contented smile saying even more than her words. Puzzled, Jeff looked from one to the other of the females, before comprehension suddenly dawned on him. The goddess didn't mean for him to rescue Eos from danger, he was sent to seduce her, or rather to be seduced by her. With a chuckle, Jeff got out of bed and began dressing

"Well, young man, you've done well. I will grant you one favor, but you cannot use it until after the game is over," Hera told him, smiling at the teen. As the words penetrated, Jeff couldn't help wondering how he would be able to ask for any favors if he were dead. As he finished dressing, Jeff was still unsure of the number of tests he had to pass before he was finally able to get to the actual game. As if reading his mind, Hera spoke up.

"This is your last test. You have passed with flying colors and are free to join your friends. Good luck, I would like to see you defeat... I mean I would like to see you win," Hera told him, smiling at her near-slip of the tongue. With a shrug, Jeff headed toward the door, before he was stopped by Eos.

"I don't have any gifts to give you, but any time you want to do this again, you only have to come here. I will be waiting for you," Eos told him, the sad smile on her face tempting Jeff to rejoin her in her bed. Squaring his shoulders, Jeff hurried out of the castle. Finding Pegasus waiting for him, Jeff climbed aboard the winged horse to be carried back to his friends and to begin training for one last battle.
Chapter 17
Home | Top | Night Wolf's Page |   Feedback to author


 
Home | Night Wolf's Page « Ahead of the Game Index « Previous
Chapter 17
Posted: November 14, 2003 - 02:27:56 pm

As Pegasus began his descent, Jeff could see people rushing out of huts to greet him. Once he had landed, the crowd surrounded the tired teen, welcoming him back from his latest adventure. With a sheepish grin, Jeff worked his way through the crowd, receiving pats on the back as he walked among the cheering throngs. Upon reaching his mother and sister, Jeff hugged each of them in turn, receiving comfort from their answering embraces. Seeing how tired the young man was, Holly led her brother to her own hut, wanting him to rest before he found out about the letter that was waiting for him.

Wanting to be the one to break the bad news to her son, Patty Linden waited patiently at her son's bedside, knowing he would sense her presence and awaken from his slumber. True to form, Jeff began stirring as he realized there was someone in the room with him

"Mom? What's wrong? Are Sara and Holly okay?" he asked, seeing the worry on her still-youthful face.

"Sara and Holly are fine, it's Michelle I wanted to talk to you about," she told him, giving him the letter that was written in the girl's handwriting. Quickly opening the envelope, Jeff took out the single page, wanting to see what would be so bad that could cause his mother to worry.

    "Dear Jeff,

    By the time you read this I will be gone. You have a fiancee as well as any woman you want and I feel I am in the way. Please don't try to stop me,

    All my love,

    Michelle.

Reading this, Jeff began worrying about the girl he had found at the mall, knowing she would be lost in this part of the world without any friends by her side. Wanting to find her as quickly as possible, Jeff jumped out of bed and promptly tripped over his sneakers, landing at his mother's feet.

"Are you okay dear?" his mother asked, her twinkling eyes betraying her attempt to hide her laughter. With a sheepish grin, Jeff collected himself and began dressing, wanting to find Michelle as soon as possible. Once he had completed dressing, the teen stepped toward the door, and was about to open it when he was bowled over by his obviously pregnant sister as she rushed into the room. After regaining his feet, Jeff dusted himself off, before heading back to retrieve his sword.

"Have you told him yet?" she asked, immediately realizing how foolish her question was when she saw the anxiety in her brother's eyes.

"Yes, she did," Jeff answered, strapping on his sword.

"Are you sure she wants to be found?" Holly asked, jealousy tingeing her words. Ignoring the pair, Jeff hurried out the door, only to be met by Sara.

"What's wrong? Is it Michelle?" she asked, her anxiety evident in her tone. Jeff had known Sara would worry about him, but he couldn't let anything happen to the missing girl.

"Yeah, I have to go find her, if it hadn't been for me, she wouldn't be here. I'm afraid of what might happen to her," he told her, With a quick kiss goodbye, Jeff headed toward the outskirts of the tiny village, only to be met by Diana.

"Where are you going?" she asked, noting the urgency in his step. With an exasperated sigh, Jeff handed the short note to Diana. As he waited for her to finish reading, Jeff couldn't help thinking about the young girl he had found in the mall, and the silent adoration she exhibited toward him. When she was finished reading the short missive, Diana handed it back to him.

"How are you going to find her?" she asked. With a frown, Jeff realized he had failed to take into account that he had no idea where she might have gotten off to.

"I don't know. Do you have any ideas?" he asked, feeling foolish for not planning better.

"I think we should contact Apollo. I know he would be happy to help you find her," she told him,

"Okay, that sounds like a plan. But, how do we contact him?" Jeff asked.

"Did someone mention me?" a voice spoke up from behind the pair.

"Yeah, Michelle, a girl that had been traveling with us, is missing. I'm worried something might happen to her. Can you help us find her?" Jeff asked the sun god.

"Hmmm, okay, but you may not like what I find out. Wait here, I will be right back," he told the pair before vanishing into thin air.

"Damn! I don't think I'll ever get used to that," Jeff said, awe filling his voice. When Diana began giggling at his remark, Jeff's look changed to one of astonishment. This was the same woman that had appeared so emotionless when he met her. Blushing prettily, Diana turned away, unsure of what could have happened to her to make her do something so out of character for her. Knowing this lapse could be embarrassing for Diana, Jeff decided to let it go and worry about more important things.

"It might be a good idea to take some people with you; it looks like she is in trouble," Apollo said, once again startling Jeff with his sudden reappearance. With a grimace, Jeff acknowledged the wisdom in the charismatic god's words.

"What do you mean in trouble?" Jeff asked, his concern for the missing girl rising.

"There are some smugglers about five miles north of here. They are holding her captive," Apollo explained.

"Okay. Diana, would you see if you can get some of your Amazons to come along with us? I think we should try to find Leandra too," Jeff began, his determination evident in his commands.

"You weren't planning on leaving me out of this were you?" said a booming voice from behind. Startled, Jeff turned around to see Heracles standing there.

"I wouldn't dream of it. I would be grateful for your help," Jeff told the warrior. Reaching out his hand, Jeff held it there until Heracles grasped it, sealing their friendship.

"Don't forget us," Diana spoke up, directing their attention to the fifty Amazon warriors she had brought with her.

"Wow, you brought an army with you, didn't you?" Jeff asked, his smile showing Diana how much he appreciated her support. Blushing furiously, Diana quickly turned to the fierce warriors and smiled in satisfaction. The warriors she had picked were the most elite fighters of all the Amazons. Diana knew they would fight for Jeff, but they would need to see proof of his abilities to give their full effort. She wouldn't let Jeff know it, but this was the perfect opportunity for him to prove himself as the true Oberon warrior.

"Wait... Wait, I'm coming with you," Leandra yelled, running to join the ferocious group of fighters. Out of breath, the beautiful redhead was panting when she reached the others. Looking around, Jeff was gratified to see the support he would be receiving on his quest to rescue Michelle.

"Okay, let's get this show on the road. Diana why don't you go ahead of us and scout the way?" he told his troops, leading them out of the village and on to their next adventure.

As the group marched along, they searched for any signs that would give away the smugglers' hideout. Jeff kept scanning his surroundings, hoping to pick up any thoughts that would give the criminals away. As he continued his probing, he was startled when he ran into a stopped Diana.

"There's smoke up ahead; I bet that's where they are keeping her. That is, unless they've moved her," Diana told him. Following Diana's cue, Jeff looked in the direction she was pointing. Just as she had said, there was a thin column of smoke, only three quarters of a mile away. With renewed spring in their steps, the warriors headed toward the smoke, hoping to catch the kidnappers off guard. As they got closer, the pungent smell from the burning wood became more evident.

"Okay, what's your name?" Jeff asked, pointing to a young girl in the middle of the ranks.

"I'm Cassandra," she answered, stepping forward. Although she wasn't as tall as the others, she was still bigger than most of the girls Jeff had ever seen. Pulling her aside, Jeff knew he had made the right choice when he saw the intelligence shining keenly from her eyes.

"I want you to get closer to them. Find out where they're keeping Michelle and report back as soon as possible," Jeff told her. With a nod, the girl scampered away, her footsteps silent on the soft earth. Jeff watched her disappear into the bushes, only to reappear a few yards from the camp. Jeff watched Cassandra creep ever closer to the camp, her movements fluid. When she reached the back tent, Jeff figured that was close enough.

<That's close enough. Do you see any sign of her?> Jeff thought to the stealthy warrior.

<Yes, she is in this tent. Please let me get her for you, > the girl replied. With a sigh, Jeff decided to let her continue, appreciating the initiative of the young warrior. Jeff watched Cassandra sneak into the tent, and then reappear shortly with her prize. Although bound and disheveled, Michelle didn't look any worse for her experience. With a smile of satisfaction on his face, Jeff watched Cassandra lead the vulnerable girl out of harm's way. Once they were clear, Jeff decided to get some retribution from the smugglers.

"Shall we show them what happens to someone that abuses a woman?" Heracles asked him, the lust for battle glowing in his eyes.

"No, I have a better idea," Jeff replied, chuckling softly at the plans he had for the kidnappers. With a sigh, Heracles agreed, his disappointment showing in the set of his shoulders. Concentrating, Jeff found the leader of the band of outlaws, and began using his power to scan through the man's memories, When he found what he was looking for, Jeff made small adjustments to the smuggler boss's perceptions. When he had completed his task, Jeff made the man freeze in place, awaiting the teen's next commands. Satisfied, Jeff continued his explorations and alterations with the rest of the men until he was satisfied. As soon as he had completed this, Jeff leaned back, ready to watch the fun about to take place. Wanting to let all of his follwers see the fun, Jeff decided to wait for Michelle and Cassandra to get back. When the pair reached the camp, Jeff rushed to Michelle, eager to release her from the ropes the smugglers had tied her with. Completing this, Jeff was startled when the girl burst out in tears, her sobbing making him fearful that she was hurt worse than he had originally thought.

"Oh, Jeff. I'm so sorry. I felt like you didn't need me anymore and I was going to try to find a way back home. I'm so glad you found me. They said they were going to take me to Iraq to sell me," Michelle told him, sobbing with each word. Taking her into his arms, Jeff comforted her, stroking her hair and whispering soothing words to her.

"Are you sure you don't want me to take care of them for you?" Heracles asked the teen, his anger at the treatment of Jeff's friend nearly blinding him.

"No, they are going to do that for us," Jeff replied, the grim determination in his voice taking even the heroic Heracles aback in astonishment. Jeff was a proven warrior, but Heracles had thought the teen's lack of a killer instinct would be his undoing. Seeing the malevolence in Jeff's eyes, Heracles began thinking Zeus might be in for a surprise when the final game took place.

"Is everybody ready?" Jeff asked his group, the edge in his voice showing the deep anger he felt toward the wretched band in the camp. With nods of assent, Jeff released the commands that were holding the outlaws in place and sat back to watch the fun he knew was about to ensue. With a snarling growl, the boss of the smugglers ran toward the nearest man and began pummeling him, not stopping until the man collapsed at his feet. Taking this as a signal, the other men began killing each other until only the boss was left. Seeing the carnage, Jeff's group looked to their leader with renewed respect. Without losing one fighter in his band, Jeff had taken care of all but one of the kidnappers.

"The last one is mine," he told them, striding toward the camp. Once he had reached the camp, Jeff completely released the man, allowing him to be completely normal when he faced the teen.

"I see you are a big man when you have a group around you and are facing a defenseless girl. Let's see how you are by yourself facing a man," Jeff snarled, his disdain of the man evident in his tone.

"Okay, send a man and I will show you," the kidnapper told him, unaware of the imminent danger he was in.

"I'm man enough," Jeff told him, drawing his sword. Jeff watched the man's eyes widen in surprise.

"What in the hell... Where did you get that?" the man asked, his arrogance disappearing. Stepping back, the man began looking for his pistol, wanting to end this fight before the teen before him was able to use his sword.

"Looking for this?" Jeff asked, the pistol flying off of the ground and into his hand.

"Who the hell are you, kid?" the now-terrified man asked, urinating on himself as he realized he was only moments away from death.

"I'm the last person you're going to see on this earth," Jeff told him, raising his sword to strike.

"NO! Jeff, you mustn't kill him. I know you are angry, but I know from experience what anger can do to a man's judgment. I killed my wife in a fit of anger and I had to do twelve labors. Don't let your feelings overtake you. If you kill an unarmed man, it would be murder," Heracles told him, stepping into view. Seething, Jeff was about to reply until the sense in the legendary warrior's words sank in.

"Okay, but what will we do with him?" Jeff asked, his anger slowly abating.

"Let me take care of him," Heracles told the teen, stepping toward the hapless kidnapper. As the giant stepped closer, he could smell the void from the terrified man's bowels, having evacuated themselves in his terror.

Nodding, Jeff headed back to camp, relief pouring over him as he realized how close he had come to murdering the pathetic smuggler. As he neared the others, Jeff heard a loud scream and a snapping noise from the direction of the thieves' camp. Turning back, Jeff saw the boss of the kidnappers slump at Heracles feet. Stopping in his tracks, Jeff waited for Heracles to rejoin him, curious about what had taken place after he had left.

"I said you didn't want to do that, but I didn't say anything about me," Heracles told him, laughing heartily as the realization that it was over finally dawned upon Jeff. Rejoining the others, Jeff was startled when a loud cheer greeted his arrival.

"Hail, Oberon warrior. Hail Jeff," the group yelled out, happy to have had everyone come out unscathed. Ducking his head, the embarrased teen turned beet red, unaccustomed to the praise he was receiving. When the cheering finally died down, Jeff looked up, only to see a beaming Cassandra kneeling and laying her sword at his feet.

"I will follow you anywhere," the lovely blonde told him, respect gleaming in her eyes, as well as another emotion that quickly disappeared.

"Uh-oh. You'd best watch out for that one, lad. I think she has her eyes set for you," Heracles told him, guffawing at his own words.

With a blushing smile, Jeff nodded, ready to depart and head back to his loved ones.

"Well done, Jeff. That was very imaginative. There is nothing more I can teach you," Leandra told him, smiling proudly at her former pupil.

"Thanks. Now I think it's time we head for home. I have a little unfinished business to take care of," Jeff told her. Then, suiting actions to words, Jeff took Michelle's hand and started walking back to rejoin the family and friends he had left behind.

Once they were back, Jeff walked toward the hut he was sharing with Sara and Diana. Stepping inside, Jeff saw Sara waiting anxiously for him.

"Welcome back. How did it go?" she asked him, throwing herself into his arms.

"Everyone is okay. I'm sorry, baby, but I have to prove to Michelle that she isn't unwanted," he told her, his plea for understanding showing in his eyes., Nodding in agreement, Sara smiled at him as she walked out of the hut.

"Just make sure you have enough energy for me," she told him, smiling saucily as she walked through the door. Following behind Sara, Jeff winked at her, a playful leer on his face.

"I'll try, but you may have to do all the work," he told her, laughing as she wrinkled her nose at him.

"I think I'll enjoy that," she told him, gently swaying her hips as she walked toward Diana's hut.

"Michelle, would you come in here please," Jeff called, watching the dejected girl walk toward him.

"I'm sorry Jeff I..." she began, only to be stopped by Jeff.

"No, I'm sorry. I should have paid more attention to you," he told her as he took her in his arms. With a sigh of contentment, Michelle melted into his arms, kissing him hungrily. Quickly shedding their clothes, the couple raced toward the bed, scattering their garments along the way.

"I think it's about time I rectify my mistake," Jeff told her, once again taking her into his arms and kissing her hungrily. Moaning in pleasure, Michelle began undulating against her lover, eager to feel him inside her once again. Trailing her hands downward, Michelle began caressing his turgid organ, squeezing softly. Wanting to take his time, Jeff pulled away from her, gazing at the girl he had found only weeks ago at the mall. With a soft smile, Jeff kissed her lips once again, before he began kissing downward toward the heaven between her thighs. As he reached her moist slit, Jeff started licking all around the hairless crevice before finally reaching her distended clit. Sucking it gently into his mouth, Jeff tongued the swollen bud, causing the girl to squeal in ecstasy. Hoping to bring her to orgasm quickly, Jeff inserted first one finger, and then another, sawing quickly in and out of her. Feeling this, Michelle began moaning and writhing in pleasure, her hips grinding into her lover's face. As the waves of bliss began growing, Michelle began screaming Jeff's name, her spasms of bliss rendering her mindless. When she regained her senses, she sat up, wanting to reciprocate, but Jeff had other ideas.

"As much as I would love that, I have something else in mind," he told her, nibbling on her neck as he guided his cock into her sopping cunt. Unable to wait, Michelle grasped his hips and pulled him in, burying his prick in her in one stroke. Jeff moaned as he felt her velvety depths surround his probing organ. Enjoying the feel of her flooded pussy, Jeff laid there for a few moments, wanting to savor the moment. When he finally began stroking in and out of her, Jeff knew he wouldn't be able to last much longer in her tight cavern.

"I had forgotten how tight you are," he moaned as he began pumping in and out of the girl, faster and faster, driving all thoughts of the outside world away as they continued their ageless dance of lust. Mindless with passion, Michelle pulled her lover's head down to hers and began kissing him frantically, wanting to be as close as possible to him. As they continued climbing the stairway toward their respective climaxes, Jeff and Michelle began pounding at each other harder and faster, their heated bodies perspiring freely.

"I can't take much more," she told him, her hips a blur, matching the staccato tempo of his pelvic thrusts. Unable to take any more, Michelle began keening, her voice rising as she finally spilled over the edge to her orgasm, When Jeff felt her cunt begin spasming around his pistoning cock, Jeff finally lost control, his seed spurting inside her waiting twat. When they finally came down from their mutual climaxes, Jeff softly kissed the girl yet again, wanting to show her with deeds, as well as words, how much he wanted her with him. Content, Michelle wrapped her arms around him, letting him know he held her heart and soul in his hands.

"I love you," she told him, purring as he stroked her breasts in his post-orgasmic bliss.

"I love you, too. Don't ever think that I don't want you with me," he told her. Rolling off of the exhausted girl, Jeff took her in his arms and began stroking her hair. About to say more, Jeff was startled when Diana rushed into the room.

"Jeff, we need you outside! Hurry, you don't have time to dress," she told him as she saw the teen reaching for his clothes.

"What's wrong?" he asked, worried at her urgent tone.

"No time to explain, you've got to get out there now!" she told him, pushing him out the door. When Jeff burst through the door, he was stunned to see the cause of the commotion.
Chapter 18
Home | Top | Night Wolf's Page |   Feedback to author



 
Home | Night Wolf's Page « Ahead of the Game Index « Previous
Chapter 18
Posted: November 14, 2003 - 02:27:56 pm

"What the hell is going on?" Jeff asked, scrambling out of bed. As he rushed through the door, Jeff couldn't help wondering what could be so urgent to cause Diana to get so excited. Once he was outside of the hut, Jeff stopped in his tracks, stunned at the sight that awaited him. Standing in the middle of the village, naked as the day they were born were Heracles and other warriors he had brought with him.

"Jeff, I think it's time for you to be initiated into the Greek Warrior Society. To do this, you must complete two tasks that have been handed down from centuries past," Heracles told the teen. Jeff groaned at the mention of more tests. It seemed like every time he turned around, someone was challenging him.

"What kind of tasks?" Jeff asked the hulking warrior.

"Believe me, after what you've done so far, it won't be anything you can't handle," Heracles told the young man.

"Then I have one more question; why are we all naked?" Jeff asked, his embarrassment growing as he stood nude in front of the people in the village.

"Tonight we feast. Tomorrow you will begin your tasks. The reason we are naked is, it is considered a rebirth. You come into this world naked, and to become a true warrior, you must enter that world the same way," Heracles told him. With a sheepish grin, Jeff decided to go along with the others. When the others began sitting around the fire they had built, Jeff went to sit with the others.

"No, you will have the place of honor," Heracles told him, leading him to a green velvet carpet they had laid upon the ground. With a shrug, Jeff decided to play along with the older warrior. As he sat, Jeff noticed the pig that had been roasting over the open flames, the light from the fire glistening on the hog's rough skin.

"Well, at least if I'm going to have more tasks, I won't be hungry," Jeff joked, relaxing in the company of the more experienced warriors. As the night wore on, Jeff grew more comfortable, enjoying the camaraderie with the others. Once they had sated their hunger, Heracles stood up, and raised his wineglass.

"To Jeff, the lad that will inspire a thousand stories and songs, bringing glory back to our gods and way of life. To Jeff!" Heracles toasted, his roar rattling the glasses in their hands. Blushing, Jeff bowed his head as the others seconded Heracles' well wishes.

"Speech, Speech!" cried the seated warriors, wanting to hear a few words from the only man that would actually get to compete in the final game.

"I don't know what to say. I just hope I can live up to your expectations," Jeff told them, his face still a bright crimson. When Jeff finally drank from the wineglass he was holding, he began coughing, his throat unused to the fiery concoction the rest of the men were drinking. Seeing the teen's distress, Heracles began pounding the teen on the back, the power from his blows knocking Jeff off of his feet. Dusting himself off, Jeff started to stand when he saw a hand in front of him. Taking it, Jeff allowed Heracles to help him stand.

"Sorry, lad. I forget you're a mortal sometimes," Heracles told him, smiling warmly at the teen. With a shrug Jeff laughed, seeing the humor in his own misfortune.

"You said something about two tasks. What am I going to have to do?" Jeff asked, his curiosity piqued.

"The first task is simple; just bring back a unicorn horn. However, you can't harm any unicorns to get the horn," Heracles told him. Jeff was stunned. He had always believed unicorns to be fictional and now Heracles was telling him to get a unicorn horn. As he thought about this, he realized that he had also thought that Heracles was fictional as well, so, why not a unicorn horn? Trying to recall his mythology, Jeff remembered that only a virgin could get close to the mystical beast, so his first order of business would be finding a virgin. Knowing there was one person in the camp that might be able to help him, Jeff headed for Diana's hut, hoping she would know how to find a virgin. Upon reaching her abode, Jeff knocked, and then waited for the beautiful Amazon to answer. When Diana saw it was Jeff at her door, she nearly threw herself into his arms before regaining her composure and inviting him into her humble hut.

"I need your help," Jeff told her, as he entered her cabin. With a leer, Diana purposely misinterpreted his words and knelt in front of the teen. Taking his cock into her greedy hands, she began slowly pumping up and down on the stiffening organ. Jeff knew he should stop her, but when he was about to lift her to her feet, Diana stopped him with a lick on his rigid dick. With a groan, Jeff surrendered to the sensations, enjoying the feel of her pink tongue swirling around his manhood.

"Oh my god," he moaned, as Diana took his prick into her mouth. With a loud slurping sound, the Amazon began bobbing her head up and down on his turgid shaft, sucking gently as she felt Jeff begin pumping in and out, his cock growing even larger as he neared his climax. When Diana felt his rod expanding, she redoubled her efforts, wanting to help her lover cum as quickly as possible.

"I can't take much more," he moaned, feeling the jism churning in his balls. When Diana felt Jeff's cock begin its spasms, she began sucking even harder, wanting to get every drop of his seed. As Jeff's dick started spurting, Diana could feel the hot cum splashing against her throat, nearly gagging her. With a valiant effort, she managed to swallow the thick cream, ignoring the texture of the pearly liquid. When the convulsions finally abated, Jeff withdrew his prick from her clutching oral cavity, making a loud popping sound in the otherwise quiet hut.

"Er... uh... That wasn't quite the help I had in mind, but that was fantastic. Diana," Jeff told her, smiling at the woman as he drew her to her feet. The delight in her eyes from his simple compliment made Jeff realize how sparing he had been with sweet talk to the beautiful Amazon. Pulling her close, Jeff kissed the woman deeply, tasting his own cum on her lips. With a sigh, Diana leaned into the teen, letting herself luxuriate in the closeness of her former pupil. Finally drawing away from him, Diana looked quizzically into his eyes.

"What kind of help do you need?" she asked, unable to stop glancing down at his now-flaccid cock. With a laugh, Jeff pulled her close and kissed her forehead, and then began telling her what Heracles had told him. Once he had completed his tale, Diana chuckled, knowing what Jeff had come to ask her.

"Most of the Amazons are virgins, but I will call them together to see who might volunteer to go with you," she told him. Putting actions to words, Diana went outside to gather the attractive warriors into a circle. Watching them gather, Jeff was amazed at the beauty of them. Stepping out, Jeff blushed momentarily at the snicker that rose up from the crowd. Looking down, Jeff realized he had forgotten about his nudity. With a blush, he decided to brazen his way through and allow Diana to ask for volunteers.

"Jeff has a couple of tasks he needs to complete. For the first one, he needs a volunteer. Whoever goes with him will have to be a virgin. Would anyone like to help him?" Diana asked the group.

"I will," came a voice from the rear. As Jeff and Diana watched, the crowd parted to allow a beautiful blue-eyed blonde through. Even though she was shorter than the others, Jeff couldn't forget the lovely Amazon that had helped him so much when they rescued Michelle.

"You would be perfect," Jeff told her as she stepped up to him. Smiling at the girl, he began filling her in on the details, and then explained the reason why he needed a virgin. When the girl quickly agreed to help him in his quest, Jeff knew he had chosen the right girl to help him.

"Now, I have one last thing to do and we will be ready to go. Why don't you wait for me at Diana's and I will be right back," he told her, walking toward Leandra's hut. Upon reaching it, he knocked on the door and waited for the lovely redhead to come to the door. When the door opened, Jeff hadn't known what to expect, but the guffaws from the beautiful teacher was the last thing he would have guessed.

"Jeff, for goodness sake, get in here. I can't believe you are walking around here without a stitch of clothing on," she greeted him. Once Jeff had entered her quaint abode, Leandra quickly closed the door, to keep out any prying eyes. As soon as she was sure they were alone, Leandra couldn't help the slight sigh that escaped her lips when she looked at the young man's body. She knew he hadn't come for sex, but she couldn't help her longings for his youthful physique. Realizing she had been letting her thoughts wander, Leandra looked into the teen's eyes and knew he had noticed her stares at his groin. With a shrug of her shapely shoulders, Leandra's curiosity got the better of her.

"Why are you running around here as naked as the day you were born?" she asked, her eyes darting between his crotch and his face.

"Heracles and the others are initiating me into the Greek Warrior Society. They told me I have to do this. He also told me I have to complete two tasks to join," Jeff told her.

"You might have thought to ask him if you have to remain nude during these tasks," Leandra told him, laughing at the blush that began at his toes and crept upwards until it covered all of him.

"I never thought of that," he told her, rushing to find Heracles, completely forgetting his reason for talking to Leandra in his haste. After asking around, he found Heracles about to leave the tiny village.

"I forgot to ask, do I have to go like this until I complete my tasks?" Jeff asked him.

"No, you may wear clothing to complete your tasks," Heracles told him, laughing heartily at Jeff's disconcertment. With a grimace, Jeff ran back to his hut, wanting to get clothed as quickly as possible. Once he had completed dressing, Jeff hurried back to Leandra's hovel. Knocking quietly, Jeff waited for the buxom redhead to open the door. When Leandra opened the door, Jeff stepped inside, wanting to get the first task completed.

"Well, is this better?" he asked her, his joy withering in the face of her disappointment.

"Not really, I enjoyed it when you weren't wearing any clothes," she told him, smiling wryly at the memory.

"I need your help," he told her, wanting to change the subject.

"Sure, what do you need?" she asked.

"I need to find out how to contact Apollo," he replied.

"What can I do for you?" came a voice from behind him. Startled, Jeff whirled around to find the sun god standing there.

"Damn, I wish you wouldn't do that," Jeff told him, his smile taking the sting out of his comment. About to say more, Jeff was surprised when Apollo grasped his hand and shook it.

"As powerful as you've grown, I'm always happy to help you. For a mortal, you have shown surprising strength and cunning. I want to see you win but defeating... oops I almost said too much, but as I was saying, I would like to see you win the game. Now, to the reason why you were wanting to contact me: yes, you may use Pegasus. To be honest, he actually seems to like you. I haven't seen him respond to anyone the way he does with you. I've already told him where you are going and he is waiting outside by the princess' hut. Good luck, young Jeff. I will be watching over you," Apollo told the teen. Then, without further ado, the sun god vanished into thin air.

"I hate it when he does that. I always get cold chills up and down my spine when he disappears right in front of me," Jeff muttered, in awe of the power of the god.

"He always does that. I think he likes unnerving mortals. Before you go, I have one hint for you: lay down your sword before attempting to find a unicorn," Leandra told him. With those words echoing in his ears, Jeff thanked his former teacher before heading back to Diana's hut to rejoin Pegasus and Cassandra.

When Pegasus began descending toward a large forest, Jeff sensed they were getting close to their quarry. Looking around, Jeff couldn't see any signs of unicorns, but, with a wry smile, he realized he wouldn't know what to look for anyway. As he began preparing for the jolt that always accompanied Pegasus' landings, Jeff saw a flash of gold several feet away from them. Positive that it would be the unicorn they were searching for, Jeff finally relaxed, his confidence growing.

"Did you see that?" Cassandra whispered in his ear, her breath tickling his ear.

"Yeah, I think we may have found what we're looking for," he replied, feeling his groin tighten at the sound of her sultry voice. Turning to Cassandra, Jeff pointed out a clearing in the forest, figuring that would be an ideal place to land. Touching down lightly, the adventurers looked around, hoping for sight of a unicorn. Spotting none, Jeff decided to follow Leandra's advice. With a dramatic flourish, Jeff laid his sword at Pegasus' feet, hoping any of the horned beasts would see he meant them no harm.

"Okay, now I need you to find a unicorn," Jeff told his attractive companion. With a lilting laugh, Cassandra headed into the trees, wanting to please the teen. The girl hadn't been gone long when Jeff heard her call, her voice urgent. Running toward the sound of her voice, Jeff drew up short when he saw Cassandra sitting on the ground, her feet tucked under her, and a white unicorn lying beside her, it's massive head lying on her lap.

"I think it's hurt. When I saw it, I thought he was going to try to run, but it could only limp," Cassandra told him, her eyes filled with concern for the animal.

"Okay, be ready to move. I'm going to try to get close so I can see what's wrong," Jeff told her, easing nearer to the incongruous pair. Getting closer, Jeff wondered what he would be able to do, even if he were able to find what was wrong with the beast. When he finally reached their side, the teen noticed a rock stuck in the golden hoof stretched out from the horned horse. Immediately recognizing the problem, Jeff slowly bent down and gently plucked the jagged stone from the tender underfoot of the unicorn.

"There, is that better boy?" Jeff asked the suffering animal, his kindness apparent in his gentle treatment.

"Yes, that is much better. I am Jacques. You must be the promised warrior we've been hearing about," came the reply, startling the teen.

"You... You can talk!" exclaimed the young man, not quite believing his ears.

"But of course. Are you so surprised?" asked the unicorn, his eyes twinkling merrily. Jeff was surprised when it seemed as if the horned beast was actually trying not to laugh at him. Getting to his feet, Jeff felt a bit ashamed at his presumption that only humans could talk.

"I'm sorry, I just haven't seen a unicorn before," Jeff replied.

"You wouldn't have seen me, but I had heard of your coming and I had to see if the stories of your kind heart were true. I don't normally get close to humans, but you have intrigued me," Jacques told him. Surprised, the young man was speechless momentarily before remembering why he had come.

"I have a favor to ask of you," Jeff told the creature, telling him of the task he was to complete.

"You're supposed to get one of our horns without hurting us. Is that correct?" Jacques asked, his eyes twinkling merrily.

"How did..." began Jeff.

"How did I know? I told you we had heard of your coming," replied the animal.

"Yeah, that's why I'm here, but I still don't know how to get a horn without hurting you. And to be honest, if it comes down to it, I don't need to be in the warrior's society if I have to harm you," Jeff told him, his compassion for the beast evident.

"I'm happy to say there is a way to complete your task without hurting any of my brethren. There is a graveyard for unicorns that are no longer with us. However, you have to pass the test before you can enter," Jacques replied.

"What is it with this place? Every time I turn around there's another test," Jeff replied, laughing at his situation.

"Follow me; I will take you to the entrance. But, before entering, you will have to answer a simple question," Jacques told him, scampering to his feet. Taking off at a trot, Jeff and Cassandra had to jog to keep up with the faster unicorn. Reaching another opening in the trees, Jeff could see the bones from thousands of the horned beasts, their golden horns and hooves dotting the ground. Remembering Jacques' warning, Jeff waited patiently as Jacques stopped in front of them, turning around to face the couple.

"Are you ready to answer my simple riddle?" Jacques asked. When Jeff nodded, the unicorn began the ageless ritual required for humans to gain entry to their burial grounds.

"Where is the diamond that only appears in the darkness, causing mankind to gnash their teeth in fear?" Jacques asked, his head held proudly as he waited for the teen to answer. Jeff pondered the question until the answer finally came to him.

"I think it's an eclipse," he answered, mentally crossing his fingers.

"Is that your answer?" Jacques asked, his voice giving away nothing.

"Yes, I think so," Jeff replied.

"Is it or isn't it?" Jacques asked once again.

"Yes, that is my answer," Jeff told him, his voice stronger in it's conviction.

"Very well, you may pass. That is the correct answer," said Jacques, his faith in the human justified. With a grim face, Jeff walked to the nearest corpse, kneeling beside the skeleton. Almost reverently, Jeff began pulling on the golden horn, nearly falling when it broke off in his hands. The teen marveled at the gold and white spirals on the beautiful horn.

"Congratulations, you have done well," Jacques told the teen, as Jeff rejoined Cassandra and the unicorn.

"Thanks. I'm sorry for the circumstances, but I'm really glad to have gotten to meet you," Jeff replied, his face somber.

"I hope we shall meet again, young Jeff. You have shown respect to us. If you ever need my help, you need only to call. Now, it is getting late. I will take you back to your winged steed," Jacques told the young man, leading them back to Pegasus. When they arrived, the flying horse snickered softly, happy to see the teen. Looking up, Jeff realized how late it was getting.

"I think we're going to have to make camp for tonight and go back in the morning," he told Cassandra.

"Have no fear, you will be safe here. I wish you a pleasant journey. Have no fear, we will all be watching over you," Jacques told him. As Jeff watched, Jacques trotted back into the forest. When he was gone, Cassandra began gathering wood for a fire, stacking it in a pile in the middle of the clearing.

"I'm sorry, I didn't think we would be gone so long, so I didn't bring any food," Jeff told her.

"I brought some dried venison," Cassandra told him, pulling the jerky from a hidden pocket on her dress. With a grin, Jeff decided it would be a good time to light the fire. Grabbing a bit of dry grass and a couple of sticks, the teen began rubbing the two pieces of wood together, finally getting a small blaze to start. Feeding some twigs to the flames, Jeff soon had a roaring fire. Sitting down, Jeff finally relaxed, happy to have the task nearly completed. Sitting beside him, Cassandra handed some of her provisions to the young man. As they watched the sunset, the couple ate, happy to be young and alive.

"I want to thank you for coming along with me," Jeff told the girl, laying his arm across her shoulders. With a sigh, Cassandra leaned into the teen, snuggling closer to him as they watched the fire flicker in the darkness.

"Well, I think it's about time for us to get some sleep. We're going to be leaving early in the morning and for some reason I think we may need our rest," Jeff told her. With a groan, Cassandra got to her feet, ready to find a spot around the fire to sleep.

"You can sleep by me if you want," Jeff told Cassandra, smiling at the girl. Upon hearing this, Cassandra's face lit up, her even, white teeth reflecting the light of the fire. Lying down close to the fire, Jeff motioned for her to join him. Quickly taking the hint, Cassandra lay down by the teen, laying her head on his chest. Closing his eyes, Jeff noticed something unusual about the girl, but quickly forgot it as he drifted off to sleep.

Waking up in the middle of the night, Jeff looked into the black sky, marveling at the clarity of the stars. Momentarily forgetting the girl lying on him, Jeff started to turn over when he got a sudden reminder. Face to face with the beautiful blonde, Jeff couldn't stop himself from kissing the girl. As if he were turning on a light switch, the girl came to life, returning the kiss in full. As Jeff deepened the kiss, his hands began trailing over her body, stopping short when he reached her breasts.

"Wow, you have two breasts! I thought all Amazons removed a breast to aid them in their fighting," he exclaimed

"Yes, they do, but I'm not a true Amazon. Diana found me when I was a child and the Amazons raised me in their ways," she replied, enjoying the feel of his hands on her. Deciding not to worry about it, Jeff let his hand wander down, to caress her thigh. Moaning into his mouth, Cassandra turned over onto her back, her thighs parting to allow access to her most intimate places.

"Touch me, I need to feel your hands on me," Cassandra whispered, urgency in her voice. Wanting to accommodate her, Jeff's hand trailed upward until he felt the heat from her loins. Slowing his advances, Jeff made lazy circles on her thighs, causing the girl to open her legs even wider. Unable to control herself, Cassandra drew his hand higher until he could feel the moisture laden hair at the apex of her thighs. Moistening his fingers with her juices, Jeff began fondling her vulva, driving the girl mad with lust.

"I can't take any more. Please make love to me," she told him, pushing her cunt into his hand to encourage him even more. Getting to his feet, Jeff quickly removed his clothes. Taking her cue from him, Cassandra undressed and lay back down, her smile inviting him to take her. As he knelt between her legs, Jeff remembered the girl beneath him was a virgin. Wanting to make her first time special, Jeff decided to take his time with her. Gripping each of her thighs, Jeff began trailing kisses up and down her thighs, never quite touching her clit. When she began panting, Jeff decided to ease her misery. As the dewy scent of her moistening cunt reached his nose, Jeff began his assault on her clit, sucking the growing bud into his mouth, laving it with his tongue.

"Ah, it's so good. Don't ever stop," she moaned pulling his head tighter to her groin. Thus encouraged, Jeff decided to insert one finger into her awaiting portal. Though tight, Jeff worked the probing digit in and out of her, wanting to loosen it for her impending deflowering. When he was able to get two, and then three fingers inside her, Jeff decided it was time. Increasing his attentions to her clit, Jeff began sawing his fingers in and out of her, finally pushing her over the edge into her first orgasm. Feeling her spasming, Jeff withdrew his fingers, only to replace them with his cock. When Cassandra felt his throbbing organ entering her, she cried out, first in pain, and then in ecstasy as he broke through the fragile barrier. Not wanting to hurt the girl any more than was necessary; Jeff slowly impaled the girl with his prick, the velvety walls making it hard for him to prevent his own climax. Once he had his entire dick inside her, Jeff waited until she was more comfortable.

"Now, please do me now," she told him, undulating beneath him. Hearing her pleas, Jeff began stroking in and out of her, gently at first, then increasing in intensity as they both approached their orgasms. Continuing to plunge in and out of Cassandra, Jeff began kissing her again, increasing their pleasure. As her passion mounted, Cassandra began biting the teen's neck, her teeth gently nipping him.

"I won't be able to last much longer if you keep that up," he told her.

"Good," she told him, her nails raking his back, driving him even closer to his approaching climax. Feeling this, Jeff couldn't hold back much longer. He began pounding in and out of her clutching pussy, driving both of them insane with desire. Unable to last any longer, Cassandra felt the waves of her orgasm wash over her, blinding in its intensity. When Jeff felt the spasms in her hot cunt, he could hold back no longer.

"Oh shit! I can't stop it anymore," he told her, feeling the cum spurting from his dick, spraying his seed against her cervix. Pumping in and out of her, Jeff thought this orgasm would never stop. When he was finally able to catch his breath, Jeff held her close, kissing the girl deeply before rolling off of her and quickly taking her into his arms.

"That was incredible. Is it always like that?" she asked, trying to catch her breath.

"It always has been for me. I'm glad you liked it," he told her, caressing her hair.

"Liked it? I loved it!" she exclaimed, purring under his ministrations.

"I'm glad, I was hoping I didn't hurt you too much," he told her.

"Only a little, but I'd almost forgotten about that. Can we do it again?" she asked, snuggling even closer to him.

"Yes, we can, but not tonight. We are going to have to make an early start of it," he told her. With a resigned sigh, Cassandra laid her head on his chest once again. As the stars twinkled above them, the lovers drifted off to sleep, dreaming of future adventures that awaited them.
Chapter 19
Home | Top | Night Wolf's Page |   Feedback to author


 
Home | Night Wolf's Page « Ahead of the Game Index « Previous
Chapter 19
Posted: November 14, 2003 - 02:27:56 pm

When Jeff woke up, he looked around confusedly, trying to remember where he was. As he looked around, the events of the previous day came rushing back to him. Looking over at his companion, Jeff smiled at the memories of the previous night's lovemaking. Although the teen didn't bring Cassandra along to get laid, he wasn't about to complain. Jeff could still remember the three times they had awakened to enjoy each other's bodies.

"Mmmm, hi, lover," Cassandra purred, her movements reminding Jeff of a sleek cat. When the girl stood up, Jeff was tempted to lie back down and pull her down beside him. As he was about to suit actions to words, Jeff remembered he was supposed to complete one last task for Heracles. After gathering their things together, Jeff gave Cassandra one last kiss before climbing onto Pegasus. Reaching down, Jeff swung the girl up, placing her in front of him. About to take off, Jeff looked behind them to see Jacques watching them. Waving at the unicorn, Jeff gently nudged Pegasus with his knees, signaling his intent to leave. With a mighty leap, the winged animal ascended quickly, heading back to the small village.

As Pegasus soared heavenward, Jeff gently turned Cassandra toward him, and began kissing her softly. Taking her cue from Jeff, Cassandra wrapped her arms around the teen, pressing herself urgently against him. Reaching down, Jeff began fondling her softly, massaging her clitoris until it became erect beneath his fingers. As he continued massaging her growing nubbin, he could feel wetness seeping from her cunt. Taking this as a signal, Jeff began rubbing her sensitive pussy, hoping to coax even more of her nectar.

"Ungh!" she cried, reaching for Jeff as she felt herself losing control of her limbs. Wrapping his left arm around the girl, Jeff continued his ministrations to Cassandra's now-sopping pussy. As he began sawing his fingers in and out of her steaming cunt, the girl began thrashing about, nearly throwing herself off the winged horse. Pulling her onto his lap, Jeff could feel her vaginal fluids draining onto his growing cock. While he was enjoying the feel of the luscious female in his arms, Jeff was mildly surprised to feel Cassandra's hand releasing his expanding dick.

"Careful, we don't want to fall off," Jeff warned the girl as he felt her guiding him toward her steaming entrance. Once Cassandra felt the head of his cock working its way inside, she wrapped her legs around the boy and began inching closer to him, pulling his prick deeper and deeper until all of his burgeoning manhood was buried inside of her. Once she was satisfied that was all of it, Cassandra began undulating on top of Jeff, working herself into frenzy once more. Continuing her movements, the girl inched closer to her orgasm.

"Easy, Cassie, it will be a while before we get back to the village," Jeff told her, enjoying the feel of her heated cunt, but still worried about the two of them plunging to their deaths. As he thought about that, Jeff couldn't help chuckling at the sight they would create if they fell to the earth while they were in the throes of passion. Sensing Jeff's mind wasn't completely on the task at hand; Cassandra redoubled her efforts to draw him into the sensual bliss she herself was experiencing. Cassandra's eager movements jerked Jeff out of his reverie, allowing him to fully concentrate on the beautiful girl now riding his pulsing cock. Using Pegasus' movements, Jeff allowed the winged horse to set the tempo of the union.

"Faster, I want to feel your seed splashing deep within me," Cassandra moaned, rocking her hips faster to encourage her lover. Noticing the increase in tempo, Jeff could feel his groin begin to tighten, signaling the impending eruption of his seed into her hungry cunt. Wanting to make it last, Jeff tried to slow his already measured thrusts, but Cassandra was not going to allow that. Increasing her speed, the girl was finally able to send her lover over the edge, giving his balls the release they so desperately wanted that Jeff had so determinedly tried to forestall. When Cassandra felt Jeff's cock begin to spurt deep inside of her, it triggered her own orgasm, more intense than she could have imagined.

"Ungh!" she cried, hanging onto Jeff with all of her might. Even with the massive spasms that were allowing him to fill her steaming twat with his seed nearly blinding him, Jeff had the presence of mind to hold on tightly to both the writhing girl in his arms and the winged steed beneath them. As her orgasm continued to wash over her, Cassandra emitted one small sigh before passing out in her lover's grasp, confirming Jeff's fears of what could have happened if he hadn't tightened his grip on the now limp girl.

Wanting to not only catch his breath, but also to clear his mind, Jeff began looking around, trying to see how close they were to Diana's village. Seeing several familiar landmarks, Jeff discovered they were closer to his temporary home than he had thought. Not wanting to be discovered in such a compromising position, Jeff began gently shaking Cassandra, hoping to wake her; but it was not until they had almost reached the scattered huts that he was able to get her alert and turned around. As if sensing the teen's thoughts, Pegasus made one meandering circle above the Amazons' homes before he touched down for a landing, giving the couple a chance to straighten their clothes. Before they had a chance to dismount however, they were surrounded by well-wishers, eager to help them off the winged horse's back.

"You're back!" Diana cried, rushing toward Jeff, nearly bowling him over in her excitement. With a slight grin, Jeff recovered his balance and kissed the now-embarrassed Amazon gently, allowing his lips to linger before he released the crimson-faced girl.

"Yeah, we had an easy trip," he told her, glad to be back with his friends and family.

"It looks like it was easy," Diana smirked as she watched Cassandra trying to go to her cabin without being noticed. Turning his eyes toward the girl, Jeff could see his cum leaking out of the girl's cunt, dribbling down her leg. Looking around, Jeff hoped nobody else had noticed this, but the grins on his friends' faces told him it was too much to wish for. With an abashed smile, Jeff began looking around for Heracles, hoping to find out his last task so he could get it over with.

"Oh no, you don't. There are some people that want to see you first before you leave again," Diana told him, leading him toward the cabin he was sharing with Sara. Upon reaching the cabin, Jeff was surprised to find Sara lying in bed beneath the covers, waiting for him. With a groan, Jeff hoped she wasn't going to want to make love with him, especially right after he had just finished with Cassandra. Unsure of what Sara would want of him, Jeff staggered over to the bed, and began undressing, not knowing what he would do if Sara wanted sex. As the thoughts continued running through his head, Jeff was surprised to see Diana stripping as well. With a groan, Jeff began gathering his courage to allow him to explain why he would not be able to perform. When Diana was finished disrobing, she climbed into bed with Sara and then motioned for him to join them. Patting the space between the two beautiful women, Sara let him know he was expected to fill the vacant spot. Resignedly, Jeff did as he was asked and was surprised when Sara and Diana both gave him a kiss on his cheeks and promptly made a flesh sandwich, with him being the meat in the middle. With a sigh, the three lovers nestled down in their pillows and drifted off to sleep.

When Jeff awoke, he could feel the warm feminine flesh surrounding him, the soft texture of their skin pleasantly soothing him. Not wanting to awaken them, Jeff climbed out of bed, carefully crawling out of the warm cocoon the girls had created for him. Wanting to get his second challenge over with, Jeff stepped out of the cozy hut and began searching for Heracles. Passing different people, Jeff kept asking them if they'd seen him, with each negative response, the teen grew more determined, eager to get it done so he could concentrate solely on his mini-harem and the game which would hopefully be done soon. At his wit's end, Jeff decided to go to Leandra's to ask her. Arriving at her door, Jeff knocked and was startled when the door swung open on the second rap.

"Jeff, you made it back, I was starting to get worried," Leandra told him, hugging him tightly to her ample breasts. Enjoying the feel of his former teacher's body against his, Jeff almost forgot the reason he had come to see her.

"I can't stay," Jeff told her, nearly changing his mind at the crestfallen expression on her face. "I wanted to ask you if you knew where I could find Heracles," he continued, hoping to wipe the sadness from her eyes.

"Yes, I saw him at the edge of the forest just outside of the village," she told him, smiling now, although the smile was nowhere to be found in her eyes.

"I will be back later," Jeff promised her, heading toward the forest before he changed his mind. When he reached the edge of the small town, Jeff could hear the laughter of the warriors, with Heracles voice nearly drowning out the others'. Grinning, Jeff took the horn out of the pouch he had carried with him and ran toward the sound. When he reached them, Jeff handed the beautiful relic to Heracles.

"Here you go, one unicorn horn delivered as requested," Jeff told them, the smug grin on his face letting the others know what he had thought of their challenge.

"That's fine," Heracles told him, looking thoughtfully at the teen, "Now your next challenge is to get the tail-feather of a phoenix. When you bring that back you will be allowed to join our warrior society,"

"A phoenix tail-feather? Where would I find one of those?" Jeff asked, his smirk being replaced by a crest-fallen expression. He had been feeling cocky after being able to obtain the unicorn horn so easily, but a phoenix feather could prove to be an insurmountable obstacle.

"Pegasus can take you there, but this time you won't be allowed to take anyone with you. You will have to not only bring back the feather, but you will have to tell me at least one special power it has," Heracles told him, struggling to hold in his laughter at the boy's discomfiture. With a groan, Jeff realized this wouldn't be as easy as the previous quest he had completed.

"Will I need any weapons?" Jeff asked, hoping that Heracles wouldn't send him on a challenge that would be too dangerous. Even as he asked the question, Jeff realized his error. Of course Heracles wouldn't want him hurt. Zeus still had plans for his demise.

"You will need one weapon, but none you can carry," Heracles told him, adding mysteriously, "You carry it with you wherever you go, that's all I was told when I did this challenge so I am returning the favor, " With a bewildered expression, Jeff left, wanting to tell his family and friends goodbye before he left.

Jeff needn't have worried about telling them goodbye, because as soon as he stepped into town, all of his family and friends gathered around him, wanting to give him their best wishes. A couple of them even wanted to give him a few ideas on what would be waiting for him on his return as they fondled him during their goodbye kisses. With a wave, Jeff leapt on Pegasus' back and headed toward the last challenge.

It seemed like it had been forever since Jeff had left the village, but the teen knew it had only been a five or six hours at most. Studying the terrain, Jeff knew they had left Greece, but he didn't know where. He peered so intently at the ground below, that he was surprised when Pegasus began his descent toward the mostly barren land. When they had finally landed, Jeff looked around and was surprised to see only a well within even one thousand yards of them.

"Are we close, boy?" Jeff asked the winged horse, not expecting an answer. Surprisingly, the cream colored stallion used his nose to push Jeff toward the well, as if saying Look there. With a shrug, Jeff headed toward the landmark and looked around; not understanding why Pegasus would ever think anything would be around the hole in the ground. As Jeff continued looking around, he heard a faint screech coming from behind him. Looking toward the source of the noise, Jeff could see a large red bird, its wingspan measuring at least fourteen feet. After getting over his shock at the size of the creature coming toward him, Jeff looked more intently at it. With a yellow breast, and multi-colored plumage, the bird was a beautiful sight.

"Is that what I think it is?" Jeff asked Pegasus, his mouth agape in wonderment at the beautiful bird. With a whinny, the winged horse nodded affirmatively, or at least the teen thought that's what he was doing. Seeing the size of the phoenix, Jeff began wondering how he would ever be able to pluck a tail feather from any animal that size. Crouching behind the stones surrounding the water hole, Jeff decided to try to hide, hoping the phoenix wouldn't attack him. As the huge bird neared the teen's hiding place, it slowed its approach, as if making sure nobody was around. As the bird got even closer to him, Jeff realized it made no sense to hide from the bird. As high as the bird was soaring, it would spot him with no trouble.

Come on down, I won't hurt you, Jeff thought, wanting to see the majestic bird closer. Surprisingly, the phoenix kept coming toward him, as if sensing that Jeff didn't mean to harm him. When he was only a few feet away, the phoenix began descending once again, until it finally landed, only a short distance away. Thinking quickly, Jeff sent the bird mental messages, letting it know he meant the beautiful bird no harm. Not wanting to startle the bird and lose what ground he had gained by staying nearly motionless, Jeff began walking slowly toward the phoenix, reinforcing his previous messages to the phoenix that he would not hurt it. When he finally reached it, Jeff couldn't help himself. He had to reach out to stroke the wondrous creature. When the magnificent creature allowed him to caress its colorful plumage, Jeff became more comfortable with the phoenix. With a sigh, the teen realized there was no way he could pluck even one feather from the phoenix.

I'm sorry to have disturbed you, Jeff thought to the bird, I was supposed to get one of your tail-feathers, but I wouldn't dream of doing anything so disrespectful to you. With one final stroke of the hand on the beautiful bird's plumage, Jeff walked back toward Pegasus, realizing he wouldn't ever be able to join the warrior's society now. As he neared the winged horse, Jeff was startled when the phoenix screeched loudly and flew toward him. When it reached him, the phoenix surprisingly turned his head and, using his beak, pulled out one tail feather and dropped it at the ground at Jeff's feet.

"Thank you, I could never have pulled out one of your beautiful feathers. I hope I am able to see you again after the game is completed," Jeff told the bird, not knowing if it understood him or not. When the bird screeched in answer, Jeff realized the phoenix probably did understand. With a lighter heart, Jeff mounted Pegasus and held on as the winged steed took flight, leaving the nearly-barren place behind them.

Only a few miles away from Diana's village, Jeff noticed it was starting to get dark. Looking toward the west, Jeff saw the sun dipping below the horizon, signaling the onset of night. Even though Pegasus had flown this way before, Jeff began to worry whether his brave friend would be able to fly at night. As it continued getting even darker, Jeff noticed a light coming from his pouch. Opening it, Jeff saw it was the feather emitting the light, the brightness startling against the dusky sky. Realizing the significance of this, Jeff held the feather high, letting the light guide the weary pair home where a warm place to sleep and a hearty meal were waiting for them.

When they reached the village, Jeff was surprised to see everyone had been expecting them. As he alit from Pegasus' back, it seemed like the whole village had gathered to greet the tired travelers. As Jeff stepped toward his friends, a slap on the back nearly hurtled him into Diana's arms. Looking behind him, Jeff was not surprised to see Heracles standing there.

"Welcome back, lad," I'm glad to see you were able to make it back so quickly. Hecamorth must have known you were coming," Heracles told him, his smile stretching across his ruddy face.

"Hecamorth? Is that the phoenix's name?" Jeff asked, realizing Heracles had probably seen the beautiful bird too.

"Yes, we call him Heck most of the time, but not when it's getting close to his rebirth. His temper is as fiery as his demise then," Heracles told him.

"His demise? Oh, that's right. When a phoenix dies, he is reborn from the ashes," Jeff said, feeling silly that he hadn't remembered that earlier. Turning back toward his other friends, Jeff caught Sara's eye and motioned for her to come closer.

"I will be back after the feast, I am supposed to be initiated into the warrior society tonight. Can you keep my place warm for me?" Jeff asked the girl. With a grin, Sara nodded quickly, before kissing Jeff and scampering back to their hut. As Jeff watched her leave, he couldn't help worrying about Sara. She had seemed a bit pale to him. As he wondered what could be causing that, Heracles' booming voice jerked him out of his reverie.

"Are you ready for your feast, lad?" Heracles asked, leading him toward the same bonfire they had eaten at only two days ago. Had it only been two days? Jeff thought about all the things that had happened since and was amazed it had all happened in so little time. With a huge smile on his face, Jeff let the massive warrior lead him to the circle around the fire and sat, waiting for what was to come.

"Jeff, I'm sorry for not telling you more about the phoenix, but you were getting so cocky, I was worried you weren't concentrating on what's coming. When you compete in the game, you are going to have to use your steel, your brain, and your might, as well as every bit of skill that you possess. If you had gone in there over-confident, you wouldn't have lasted long. All of us here want to see you win. To do that, we sent you on two challenges. You have completed them both and we are very proud of you. You were already a member of our society. But, as I told you, we were worried for you. I truly believe you can win if you use all you've been taught. Listen to me ramble on, let's eat, lad and make plans for the game," As they were all sitting around, discussing different ploys, they were startled to see a newcomer in their midst.

"Greetings from Zeus, I have brought news about the game," Hermes told the startled teen. With a shudder, Jeff knew what the messenger of the gods was going to tell him. With trepidation and rising excitement, the teen waited eagerly for Hermes' next words.

"The game will be held tomorrow. You may bring any four fighters you wish to with you, but when... I mean if you should fall in battle, the game will end. Do you understand?"

"Yes, I understand. I will be ready. Tell Zeus I look forward to it," Jeff replied, appearing more confident than he felt.

"So do I," said the voice behind him. Turning quickly, Jeff instinctively knew he was seeing his main opponent in the upcoming battle, tall and handsome, the fighter grinned cruelly at the teen and turned on his heel, leaving Jeff to make his decisions on who would be fighting beside him. Coolly going over his options, Jeff knew who he was going to take with him. They would be expecting Heracles, Diana, and even Leandra, but his fourth choice might be his only chance. Taking Heracles aside, Jeff explained his plan to Heracles and was happy to hear the ancient warrior begin laughing heartily.

"Yes, I think that might work. Now, if you're going to be able to compete, you are going to need your rest. We will have time in the morning to get together and set our ranks. Good night, lad. I look forward to tomorrow," Heracles said, lying down beside the fire, falling asleep almost immediately. With a sigh, Jeff headed toward the hut he shared with Sara. When he entered, Jeff could tell Sara had been listening by the look in her eyes. Without a word, she came into his arms and kissed him softy before climbing into bed. Following her lead, Jeff joined her, holding her close. As the lovers drifted off to sleep, the last thoughts in Jeff's mind were on the battle, and the special surprise he had for Zeus.
Chapter 20
Home | Top | Night Wolf's Page |   Feedback to author


 
Home | Night Wolf's Page « Ahead of the Game Index « Previous
Chapter 20
Posted: November 14, 2003 - 02:31:10 pm

Jeff woke up early the next morning, his thoughts drifting back to the news that Hermes had delivered from Zeus. The game was to be today. It could very well be his last day on Earth. Getting dressed, the teen walked quietly to the door and stepped outside, wanting to gather his thoughts on the upcoming contest. Standing there, Jeff noticed he wasn't the only one awake. He could see people around the tiny village stirring, some gathering water, and even a few of the warriors were sitting around the burned out bonfire, making wagers on the game. The betting on the outcome of the game didn't surprise Jeff, what did surprise him was the majority of the bets were for him to win. Turning back, Jeff went back inside the hut he shared with Sara and sat down on the bed, the growing knots in his stomach not allowing him to sit still for very long.

"Jeff?" said a sweet voice from behind him. Turning around, Jeff could see Sara wiping her eyes like a small child, trying to get the sleep from them. Going around to the other side of the bed, Jeff bent down to kiss the girl, enjoying the taste and feel of her full lips. As Jeff deepened the kiss, Sara wrapped her arms around the teen, not willing to give him up, but knowing she would have to. With a sigh, she pushed back the covers, wanting to enjoy one last time of lovemaking with Jeff. When Sara did that, Jeff stepped back to look at her. Although her pregnancy wasn't noticeable yet, Jeff couldn't help wondering what kind of life their child would have if he was to be killed. Not wanting to think about that, Jeff forced his mind back on the beautiful woman lying on the bed.

"I love you, Honey," he told her as he lay back on the bed. Climbing on top of her, Jeff began kissing her, tracing her lips with his tongue. When Sara tried to capture his probing tongue in her mouth, Jeff would back away, until finally tiring of the game. Deepening the kiss, Jeff explored Sara's mouth for what could possibly be the last time. He wanted to savor the memory. Dragging his mouth away from hers, Jeff began kissing lower and lower on her body, wanting to make this as good for her as possible.

"Ungh, I don't know if I can take much more," she whimpered, even as she pulled his head into her flowing pussy. When she finally came, she started pulling Jeff up to her, kissing him frantically as she guided his cock into her drenched cunt. It didn't take long before they were speeding toward their orgasms with words of love intermingled with moans. When they came at the same time, it was spectacular, the spurts from Jeff's cock in synch with the spasms from the walls of Sara's pussy. When they were both sated, Jeff rolled off of Sara, pulling her into his arms. As they drifted off to sleep, a shadowy figure whispered softly.

"Rest, for you will need it. I intend for you to defeat my mate's challenger. When you awaken, you will be completely rested. Sleep well."

When Jeff awoke, he felt strangely refreshed, ready to take on anything Zeus might throw at him. Leaning down to kiss Sara, he studied her features, wanting to keep the memories strong for this woman who had given herself to him.

Walking outside, Jeff found Diana, Heracles, Apollo, Leandra, and Michelle waiting for him.

"Have you decided who you will be taking?" Leandra asked.

"Yes, but I won't exactly be choosing. I don't want to order anyone to possibly die helping me."

"I would like to volunteer. I like the way you carry yourself and I would consider it an honor to fight at your side," Heracles spoke up.

"Thank you, I was hoping you would join me. I think you would be a lot of help," Jeff told him, shaking his hand.

"I would like to accompany you, too," Diana said. Jeff knew she would be a valuable asset to him.

"Okay, Diana, but I have to ask, are you sure? You aren't exactly in your normal battle shape."

"Yes, I'm sure. I don't respect many of your gender, but you have impressed me with your heart and your spirit. I would be proud to fight alongside you." Looking toward Leandra, Jeff kept hoping she would volunteer. He knew she would be the one he would rely on the most. Her abilities and insight would be valuable in the fight. When she started laughing, Jeff knew she had been teasing him.

"I think it goes without saying that I will be there. I have admired you for a long time because of your character. You are strong-willed and courageous. I know you can defeat Zeus' champion. With the three volunteers at his side, Jeff needed one more, but only Apollo could help him.

"Apollo, would you call Pegasus for me? I think the biggest thing I've learned is how much mobility in a battle can help you. I would like him to be my fourth choice." Hearing this, Apollo chuckled to himself. Zeus didn't realize what he'd gotten himself into this time. Calling Pegasus, he continued wondering what tricks Zeus might have. Apollo knew that Jeff had just countered most of them by this one act.

"Will you be riding him to the site of the battle? I think you might want to think about that. Yes, you will be fully rested if you do, but the others won't be." Apollo told him.

"Yes, I know. I planned on making him a surprise. I thought we could arrive without him and then when the battle was about to take place, I might call him to me, that is, if you think he would come to me.

"I think we can do that. I don't think you realize this, but he is actually quite fond of you. You could have used your psionic abilities to call him," Apollo replied. When the god told him this, Jeff felt a little foolish. He should have thought about using his powers for that before then. Realizing that he didn't have to repeat the same mistake again, Jeff waited for Pegasus to join them.

As soon as Pegasus arrived, Jeff gathered the different gifts the gods had given him, placing them on Pegasus' back. Sending the winged horse away for the time being, Jeff went over all of his plans in his mind. Figuring they were as ready as they were ever going to be, Jeff was about to leave for the site of the battle. About to let the others know, Jeff was surprised to see Hera standing in their midst.

"Diana, I know you were planning to accompany Jeff in battle, but I cannot let you go. You carry a child in your womb that would be endangered if you were to enter battle. I, myself will take your place. Maybe we can put the arrogant... Well, anyway, I will accompany you on your journey. Heracles, I will not do anything to hamper you during the battle, have no fear," Hera said, smirking at Heracles as she finished. The combatants left for the site of battle, only Diana and Heracles being left behind. Heracles tried joining the others, only to be stopped by vines wrapped around his legs. With a grunt of anger, he grabbed his sword and swiftly severed the tethers from his legs. Running to join them, Heracles growled when Hera laughed and pointed in his direction. Jeff could see this might be a fun journey.

When they finally reached the base of the mountain where the battle was to take place, Jeff began scaling the gently sloping walls. Reaching the top, he was unprepared for the sight before him. He had counted on a few warriors, and maybe even a god or two, but he hadn't counted on seeing at least fifty elite guards. Even worse, he spotted eight Minotaurs. Looking at the group that had been assembled, Jeff gave thanks that he'd been given the chance to at least tell Sara goodbye. His only regret was for not doing the same with Holly and his mother.

Once Hera, Heracles, and Leandra joined him, they all headed to the center of the flat plateau where their adversaries were standing.

"Hera, get out of there; you're not supposed to be part of this, and who said Pegasus could participate. I didn't give permission for him to be used in this," a voice boomed. Looking up, Jeff saw the same old man he had met that day at the docks.

"You didn't put any stipulations on who he could take with him. I thought it was about time someone won your game. This boy has something special and I'm just here to make sure that Ares doesn't try anything he shouldn't. I think this mortal has chosen wisely," Hera told her husband.

"Okay, your point is valid, but you are only allowed to use your powers as needed to counteract Ares' powers. Other than that, you are forbidden to use them," Zeus told her, glaring at his wife. Jeff watched the couple argue, amused by their bickering.

"Are we going to start this damned thing, or not?" said a voice behind Jeff. Turning around, Jeff was impressed with this god. The muscular build and steely eyes, sent shivers down his spine.

"Yes, we will start shortly, I just want to explain the rules to the mortals," Zeus answered.

"Rules? This is war, we don't need rules," Ares told him, smiling malevolently at Jeff. Jeff had known it was going to be tough, but when the war god said that, it seemed to give him added resolve.

"Quiet! There will be rules. I know you think of it as a war, but it is still a game. Now, as I was saying before I was interrupted," Zeus said, pausing to glare at Ares, "these are the rules. Any wound that would be fatal for a human is also considered fatal for a god. In other words, if this mortal manages to run you through, the game will be considered over. Do you understand?" Zeus asked, looking at Ares. When the god nodded, Zeus smiled at Jeff, an evil gleam in his eye. Jeff wasn't too happy about the way Zeus said mortal, but he wasn't dumb enough to bring it up.

"If the mortal, Jeff, is killed the game is over. Is that plain enough? When I say the game is over, it's over. Are there any questions? No? Good, let's begin the game. Good luck to you all," Zeus told them, taking a seat in a huge chair that had materialized out of thin air.

Hopping onto Pegasus' back, Jeff unsheathed his sword, before signaling for the winged horse to take off. With swooping attacks at the fighters, Jeff whittled the numbers down quickly, using his sword effectively. After paring the numbers down to a manageable number, Jeff signaled for Pegasus to land and hopped off, mentally calling Heracles to join him.

"Think we can handle these, big guy?" Jeff asked, grinning at the warrior.

"Yeah, I don't think they will be much problem," Heracles answered with a gleam in his eye. With the sunlight glinting off their swords, the pair quickly downed the remaining fighters, keeping an eye out for Ares.

As if waiting for Jeff's band to tire, the war god waited patiently, watching his fighters fall by the wayside. Jeff turned his concentration back to the elite guard, ducking just in time to avoid decapitation. Without thinking, Jeff pushed his sword under the upraised arm of the attacker, neatly killing the warrior. Seeing another of the guard coming toward him, Jeff sent a mental command his way, causing the fighter to turn on his own comrades, saving Jeff the trouble of killing them, himself.

"I think this bunch is about done, can you take care of the rest?" Jeff asked. When Heracles nodded, Jeff looked toward the Minotaurs, laughing when he saw them. Apparently, Leandra had been using her abilities to hold them at bay, having created an invisible wall around herself.

"How's it going?" Jeff asked when he reached her side.

"So far, so good," she answered, removing the wall from around her when Jeff joined her.

"I'm going to try to flank them; can you handle a frontal assault?" Jeff asked as he eyed the beasts.

"Yeah, I don't think that will be a problem. Let's get rid of these so we can go after Ares. I don't know why he's standing there, but I noticed Hera is keeping a close eye on him. I'd hate to be in his shoes if he does something wrong, I think she'd tear him apart," Leandra answered, winking at Jeff.

"Yeah, I think you're right. From what I understand, she never has been too fond of him, anyway. I think all she would want would be an excuse to do something to him," Jeff told her, laughing as he began circling to the left of the Minotaurs. When he got there, Jeff saw right away these would be tougher foes.

Not wanting to give the beasts a chance to form a concerted attack, Jeff took the initiative and charged. Upon reaching the first Minotaur, Jeff had to sidestep quickly when the creature suddenly lunged at him. As the beast went past him, Jeff buried his sword into his side before quickly withdrawing it. Satisfied that it was indeed dead, Jeff looked over to Leandra to see how she was doing. It appeared she was doing fine as she used a dagger to rip open the throat of her nearest challenger.

With one less enemy to worry about, Jeff turned his attention to the next Minotaur, when the helmet he was wearing warned him of an approaching enemy behind him. Turning quickly, Jeff surprised the Minotaur, stepping forward quickly to bury his sword in the approaching monster. Thankful for the gift that Poseidon had given him, Jeff knew he didn't dare take his mind off the others. Turning back to them, Jeff noticed another closing in on him. Raising his sword, Jeff advanced, looking around him to make sure he wasn't surprised again.

As the Minotaur got closer, Jeff saw the hatred in the beast's eyes, making him step back for a moment to gather himself. Taking a deep breath, the teen began advancing again, surprised to see the monster wasn't carrying a sword. Unsure of what its plans were, Jeff slowed down, warily watching him.

"Come on, already," he shouted, wanting to get it over with. With the putrid smell of the beasts as well as the stench of the blood all over him, filling his nostrils, Jeff knew it wouldn't get any better. When he realized he wasn't using his most valuable asset, Jeff decided to use his abilities on the Minotaur. Gaining control of the beast's mind, Jeff decided to end the battles quickly.

'Attack the others, ' he told the beast, standing back to watch the Minotaur begin its assault on the others. When the rest of the Minotaurs saw what he was doing, they turned their attack toward him, allowing Leandra and Jeff to pick them off, one at a time. Jeff and the Minotaur were about to finish them off when the teen heard a scream.

Looking around, the teen saw Ares standing over Leandra, blood dripping from his sword. With a scream of rage, Jeff ran to Pegasus, hopping onto his back. Sensing what Jeff wanted, Pegasus began galloping toward Ares.

"You bastard, you could have at least waited until she was facing you," Jeff yelled. When he heard the teen screaming at him, Ares turned towards him, but not quickly enough. Jeff took advantage of the brief hesitation by the war god. Gripping the sword with both hands, Jeff brought it around in a wide arc, severing the god's head from his body. Leaping from Pegasus' back, Jeff raced to Leandra.

"Oh, Leandra, I'm so sorry. I wasn't close enough to help you," Jeff sobbed, taking the redhead into his arms. Wrapped up in his grief, Jeff didn't notice the movement behind him, until Heracles shouted.

"Jeff, behind you," he yelled. Turning quickly, Jeff grabbed his sword, readying himself for one last battle. The teen knew he couldn't beat Ares in a normal fight, but he was at least going to die like a man. Wishing he could tell Holly and Sara good-bye one last time, Jeff prepared himself for Ares' assault on him. As the sword came around toward him, Jeff was already anticipating the steel going through him.

"Enough!" Zeus roared zapping the sword out of Ares' hand. When Jeff saw that, he sank to his knees, grateful for the god's intervention.

"Ares, how could you possibly lose to a mere mortal? I didn't want to have to do this, but..." Zeus muttered, before raising his hands and pointing them toward Jeff. As the rest of Jeff's group gasped in horror, a blast of energy flew from Zeus' hands striking Jeff as he knelt down, leaving nothing but a wisp of smoke where he had been.
Epilogue
Home | Top | Night Wolf's Page |   Feedback to author


 
Home | Night Wolf's Page « Ahead of the Game Index « Previous
Epilogue
Posted: November 17, 2003 - 01:56:58 pm

Jeff turned over and looked at the clock, "Shit! I overslept," he yelled, as he leaped out of bed. The sixteen-year-old raced to the bathroom for his shower as he mumbled under his breath. Jeff couldn't believe it, the game was finally over, and he had won. When Zeus sent him back to Diana's village, Jeff had been surprised. He'd never expected to see his friends again.

Stepping out of the shower, Jeff began getting dressed, thinking back to the game. At the end, it didn't feel very much like a game; he'd lost someone who had been both a mentor and a friend. Even though he'd gotten a little revenge, it didn't make up for losing his red-headed teacher.

As he finished getting dressed, Jeff wiped the dust from his shoes before heading to the church, with no time to spare. When he swung the oak doors open, Jeff could see Aphrodite standing at the front of the church. Rushing to join her, Jeff took his place beside Diana, to wait for the wedding to begin. Glancing at his 'best man', Jeff smiled, ready to get it over with.

As soon as the music started, Jeff looked toward the back and saw Michelle and then Cassandra coming in. Jeff had been surprised when he learned they would be the brides' maids. What really surprised him was the maid of honor, it was Leandra! Jeff couldn't wait to ask her what had happened.

When the music changed to "The Bridal March" Jeff smiled as he once again looked toward the back. Marching arm-in-arm toward him were Sara and Holly. Their faces lit up by huge smiles. When they got to the front, Sara stood on Jeff's left while Holly took her place to the right of him. Giving each of them a quick kiss, Jeff looked up to Aphrodite, who would be officiating.

"Dearly beloved, the three people standing in front of me have chosen to join together in marriage. If anyone has any objections to this, speak now or forever hold your peace. Hmm, nobody? Good, I wouldn't have stopped anyway. These young people have been through a lot together, and should be able to live out their lives together," Aphrodite said, smiling at everyone.

"Jeff, do you take Sara and Holly as your wives, to protect and love for the rest of your lives?" asked the goddess.

"I do," Jeff answered, smiling at both of them.

"Now, Sara and Holly, do you take Jeff to be your husband, to comfort and love for the rest of your lives?" Aphrodite asked.

"I do," they said in unison.

"With the power of love, I pronounce you married. You may kiss your brides. Love each other," she told the trio, smiling at them all. Jeff took the goddess at her word, kissing each of his brides thoroughly.

As they kissed, a cheer went up, causing the newlyweds to blush. When Jeff was finished kissing his brides, he glanced over to Leandra. When he did, she ran to him, nearly launching herself into his arms.

"How... how did you... I thought you were dead," Jeff finally got out.

"Zeus said nobody dies in the game. When he sent you back to Diana's village, he brought me back to life. I understand you were blaming yourself for my death. It wasn't your fault. I should have known Ares would do something like that. I'm so proud of you, nobody has ever won before. You are going to be considered a god from now on," she told him.

"Ha, me, a god? Not likely, it's not like I'm going to live forever," he answered.

"That's where you're wrong. Remember when you visited me and ate and drank with me?" said a voice behind them. Turning around, Jeff saw Hades standing there.

"Uh... yeah, when I visited your home," Jeff replied.

"Well, that was ambrosia. It makes you immortal. I didn't know if Zeus would bring you back or not and I didn't want to see you die, lad," Hades told him. Shocked, Jeff just stared at the god. Nobody had told him about that.

"But what about Holly and Sara, I won't want to live without them," Jeff asked.

"My boy, if you can gain immortality by eating ambrosia, what makes you think they can't too?" Hades told him, laughing at the expression on Jeff's face. Relaxing then, Jeff decided being immortal might be kind of nice.

"Jeff, here's your prize," Growled a voice from behind.

"You can do better than that. You could at least be a little more gracious about it," Hera told her spouse.

"Okay, okay. Congratulations, here is your reward for winning," Zeus told Jeff, holding a box out to him. Looking inside, Jeff saw a laurel wreath inside. Disappointed, Jeff couldn't believe all he got for winning Zeus' game was a laurel wreath.

"Go ahead, tell him the rest," Hera told Zeus, poking him in the ribs.

"As winner of the game, you are also entitled to live on Mount Olympus with the rest of us, as are the rest of your family. I don't think we can afford to have the game anymore or we might start getting a little crowded there," Zeus said, growling at the last.

"What about the rest of them, Leandra and the rest of them?" Jeff asked.

"They're already living there. Well, except for Diana, but since she is carrying your son, she will be considered as part of your family," Zeus told them. "A son? Diana is having a boy? That's great, how about the rest of them?" Jeff asked.

"Well, Sara will be giving you a daughter and Holly is carrying two daughters for you," Zeus replied. Stunned, Jeff just looked at the mothers of his children, excited at the prospect of fatherhood.

"I will tell you one thing, though. Take good care of them. They will be going through trials of their own, but not of our making. The mortals will cause this problem. I can't tell you what it will be, but your children are going to be very important then," Zeus warned.

Jeff wasn't sure what Zeus meant by that, but he would guard his family with his life. It hadn't been too long ago that Jeff wondered what he would be doing with his life, but now he could truly say, he was ahead of the game.

I would like to thank everyone who helped me with advice and encouragement. Most especially, I want to thank Ice Phoenix for his patience and editing skills, Black Rose, LVWolfman, and Gina Marie Wylie for advice and ideas. Lastly and most importantly, I want to thank all of the readers that gave me feedback, both good and bad. The only way a writer can improve is if he knows what he needs to get better on.
Your opinion is important:
Share with the others what you think about
"Ahead of the Game"
     
Switch to Expanded voting form
The End
View the Ahead of the Game Series
Posted: 2002-05-29
Last Modified: 2003-11-17 / 12:00:00 am
Home | Top | Night Wolf's Page |   Feedback to author

