Home | Clvfan's Page « Aladdin and the Magic Lamp Index - Settings
Chapter 1
Posted: January 21, 2006 - 04:01:42 pm
?

On the wind swept sand dune a hunched over dark figure sat his horse impatiently waiting. He shivered in the dark chilly night of the desert. His name was Jafar, the Sultan's most trusted Vizier. Perched on his cloaked shoulder was what appeared to be a rather large red parrot. In reality this was Jafar's familiar. A demon that was bound to the magician and took on animal form. His name was Igao and he was berating Jafar for bringing them out in the cold night for what appeared to be nothing. He wanted to be back in their warm rooms in the palace. While he couldn't do anything in his bird like form he loved to watch Jafar fuck his servants, just thinking about it sent a shiver over his body making his feathers fluff out.

"Patience Igao, he will come." Jafar growled even though he was growing more restless by the minute.

The culmination of his years of searching could come to an end this night and he was anxious to get on with it.

Finally in the moon lit night they saw a rider approaching coming down the dune in front of them sand flying from the galloping horses hooves. The horseman reined in his horse in front of them, a short fat Arab in filthy clothes. He bowed low to the seated horseman.

"Do you have it man?" Jafar barked harshly.

"Yes Excellency but it was very dangerous getting it here I had to cut a few throats, we will have to renegotiate our bargain I think."

Jafar shook with a silent rage, this vagabond thought he could swindle him, then he smiled inside for he knew whatever happened the thief before him would not live to see the light of day.

The thief held up half of a golden scarab shaped like a beetle. "You shall have it when I get my payment.

Igao suddenly launched himself from Jafar's shoulder and plucked the scarab from the thief's hand taking it back to his master.

Jafar looked at the heavy piece of gold he held. "You shall have your reward thief, retrieve the lamp from the cave of wonders and the rest of the treasure is yours."

Reaching inside his cloak he brought forth the other half of the golden beetle and placed the two together. They melded and the golden wings started fluttering as the whole beetle glowed with a bright golden glow. The beetle flew off heading out into the dessert. They were on a high dune about ten miles into the dessert from the great city of Agrabar.

"Quick follow the beetle it will lead us to the Cave of Wonders. The Vizier and the thief spurred their horses after the low flying golden glow. It led them several miles deeper into the desert then ascended up only to separate and fall to the side of a strangely shaped dune. It was like two glowing eyes in a huge creature.

As they reined their horses up in front of the dune the ground started trembling and the sand fell from the dune as a huge gargoyle head rose from the ground. It's open mouth bright with a golden glow, large fangs dropping from the upper gum and equally sharp teeth sticking up from the bottom.

Jafar was excited beyond measure, it was true, the legend of the Cave of Wonders was real. He motioned for the thief to go in. "Go on man get me the lamp and everything else is yours, you will be richer then the Sultan himself."

The thief was frightened beyond measure; to go into the mouth of that gargoyle was a daunting task. But greed overrode every other emotion and he slowly crepted up to place his foot on the step like lower lip of the cave. The ground trembled again and the lip moved causing the thief to fall back in frightened panic.

A low rumbling voice shook the air. "Who dares disturb my slumber?"

The thief looked from Jafar to the cave and back. Jafar motioned for him to go on.

The fat little thief said in a quavering voice "It is I Kaseem".

The voice rumbled again "Know this, only one can enter the cave, the diamond in the rough."

The thief had no idea what that meant and he looked to Jafar; his brain was hollering run but greed kept him rooted to the spot. Once again the gaunt Vizier motioned for him to enter.

The thief once again gingerly stepped foot onto the lip of the cave. He was ready to jump back at any second. He waited, nothing happened. He could see the glow of gold at the bottom of a long set of steep steps. He smiled at the thought of all the beautiful girls he could buy as he stepped down on that first step.

There was a rumbling and before he could turn the gargoyle mouth snapped shut trapping him inside He beat on the rock lips as the head descended back into the ground the stone closing together to squash him like a bug.

Jafar gave a frustrated growl. So close and yet he couldn't obtain that which would give him the world.

The rumbling voice echoed in the dessert, "Seek ye the diamond in the rough". The glowing halves of the beetle dimmed and tumbled down the dune to lie cold and silent in the night. Picking them up Jafar placed them in his robe and mounted his horse for the long chilly ride back to the Palace.

While Jafar was on his unsuccessful journey the Sultan was enjoying himself immensely. The Sultan of Agrabar was a short fat happy man with a long white beard and mustache. Right now he was lying on his back in his bed as two of his favorite concubines worked over his six inch cock. It was as hard as it could get for a man of his age. The hood was rolled back to revel most of the dark head as Badra ran her lips up and down the shaft from one side and Samira sucked on one of his balls. When they thought he was as hard as he was going to get Badra quickly straddled him and lowered her clean shaven pussy down to rub around on the head of his dick. Samira held it up as her fellow concubine lowered herself until her pert brown little ass was grinding around on the Sultan's plump thighs. His fat belly was no hindrance to the ensconced girl as she started to ride his stiff cock.

Samira moved to straddle the Sultan's head her smooth thighs being tickled by the soft beard and mustache when she lowered her smooth pussy down to mash her vulva to his waiting lips. His hands came around her thighs and he opened her flower to his darting tongue. He sipped the sweet juice from her fount as Badra's squeezing little pussy rode him to completion. The girls were very fond of the Sultan; he was a good kindly man that treated them very well. They knew that each year the Sultan married off the oldest concubine to a good wealthy man and they weren't going to be in the harem forever.

While the Sultan was having his fun with his concubines in another part of the Palace the most beautiful young woman in the whole kingdom was sitting at the edge of a large pool with a flowing fountain in the middle. Princess Jasmine ran a hand idly back and forth in the clear water. She was 5' 5" inches of perfect woman hood.

Soft golden brown skin that covered an hourglass shaped figure. Long midnight black hair that hung to her waist tied in a dark sheaf with golden strands. Her large slightly almond shaped eyes were a golden brown. They set above a perfect little nose and full lips that needed no help to enhance their dark pink coloring.

"Rajh, I don't want to see that pompous idiot that is coming tomorrow, I already know what type of man he is. Arrogant, vain and cruel. My spies tell me he mistreats his servants and his father's subjects with equal disdain." She gave a big sigh "He is like all of the others that have come, surely Rajh there are good men like my father out there somewhere."

She was answered by a low rumbling purr, Rajh the large Bengal tiger that was the Princess's almost constant companion could tell his mistress was troubled, it seemed she got this way whenever a new man was about to appear. He was trying to convey to her that he wouldn't let any harm come to his beloved mistress.

She smiled at the large cat lying by her side. With her he was such a pussycat, everyone stayed out of his way except her father because he acted so fierce when anyone was around, prowling and growling low in his throat, looking at people like he figured they would make a pretty good meal. Only her father and she knew just how gentle he was with the people he loved.

These were not the only stories in the great city of Agrabar. The city itself was one of the largest cities on the continent. It sat squarely at the intersection of three great trade routes in the mouth of a valley on the edge of two mountain ranges. The trade routes came down the valleys of each mountain range and the third stretched out across the great dessert that started at the foot of the mountains. Agrabar was one of the richest cities in the world and the Sultan was considered the wealthiest man in the known world. Although most thought him a simple minded man who inherited the kingdom and let it be run by his Viziers, the truth was he was very intelligent and had made the kingdom what it was. He had the biggest well trained army of its day and he made sure it was led by highly skilled and good men. His army was fiercely loyal to him and all the surrounding kingdoms knew it would be suicide to try and attack him.

The city troops that kept the law in the great city weren't quite as loyal. They were under the command of the Royal Vizier, Jafar. He had worked hard over the years positioning men in command that were loyal to him and his money. So while the great city was mostly sleeping there were event's being set in place that would effect every one in the kingdom.

Another who was awake on this moonlit night was a tall well proportioned young man of 19 who was sitting on a window ledge. He was on the third story of a crumbling three story building in the poor part of town looking at the splendor of the well lit Palace.

"What a wonderful life the people in there must live." He gave a sigh. Turning to his companion he continued. "To never have to worry about where your next meal is coming from or if the city troops are going to cut off my hands." His companion gave a soft little "chee". He was a monkey named Abu, he was dressed in a red vest that looked too big for him but had deep inside pockets to store the stuff he stole. Abu was a very accomplished thief his quick little hands almost able to take things from in front of your very eyes.

The young mans name was Aladdin and he had been a child of the streets since he was ten and his mother died. An intelligent young man that was taught to read and write by his mother. She had been the concubine of a distant Sultan and given to a brave soldier who was wounded in a great battle that saved the kingdom. His leg was maimed and he couldn't serve. As a reward he was given a bag of gold and the concubine. He traveled many miles and set up a business in weaponry in Agrabar but was felled by a fever that swept the section of city where they lived. Little did the Sultan or the soldier know but the concubine was a few weeks pregnant with the Sultan's child. The young woman was of a fine family and had been taught how to read and write which was a rare thing for women in the kingdom. Alas her family had been accused of plotting against the Sultan and all killed so she couldn't return home after her husband died. She made a meager living teaching the merchants and their children how to read.

Aladdin was basically on his own most of his life and he learned the lessons of the street the hard way. He learned to fight and use a weapon although he didn't have a real sword he had practiced with a wooden one for years and was very adept. He learned how to pick pockets and steal food, he was as agile as any acrobat and often escaped the city troops by jumping from roof to roof. His was a hard life but it had it's moments like this afternoon.

He turned and lay down on a straw pad by Abu's little pad. With his hands folded behind his head he said to Abu. "Ah my friend, the rug merchant's daughter Thara was a sweet plum to pluck, I will have to visit her again."

He didn't have to tell Abu, Abu watched the whole thing and masturbated his monkey cum on the hanging drapes of Thara's bedroom as Aladdin fucked her lustily through the afternoon.

Aladdin was remembering her soft curves and the way she took her dainty little hand and stripped back the foreskin on his long thick cock. The touch of her lips to his spongy cockhead before enclosing it in her lips made him shiver with the anticipated pleasure to come.

She sucked him to a tingling climax and then lay back on her bed spreading her thick legs wide to present him with her clean shaven treasure. She wasn't fat by any means but had a little extra meat on her bones. A pretty girl that knew the ways of men unbeknownst to her doting father.

Aladdin wasted no time in tasting her offering and his tongue and lips soon had her muffling her cries of pleasure with a pillow. After her first orgasm Aladdin eased his long cock in her now well greased channel and they made the breast with two backs for several hours. While Aladdin was a poor street rat, his handsome face and deepchested physique caught the eye of many girls, maiden and married. He may have to steal for his food and clothes but he was never at a loss for female companionship if he wanted.

The next morning found Jasmine being prepared for her meeting with the coming Prince Akmed. Her servants bathing and perfuming her body. She almost always wore turquoise. She had on a bandeau That concealed but accentuated her pert breasts the puffy sleeves pushed down to bare her smooth shoulders, bare midriff and long flowing skirt that reached the top of her soft shoes. Her thick black hair was bundled in two places with gold strands making a dark mane that fell to her out curved ass. She had a veil of the same color covering the lower half of her face but was transparent enough that her beauty was plain to see. The effect was set off by the golden tiara with the large turquoise stone in the center and large round gold earrings along with a wide golden necklace.

Just to see her would set a mans loins aflame.

In the huge market place the crowd was gathering for the morning's dealing. Aladdin and Abu were sitting at the corner of a small alley watching the bread vender across the way. As the crowd closed in each wanting to get the freshest bread for their masters Aladdin eased to the edge and while the vendor was occupied at the other end of the booth he quickly snatched a long loaf and hid it under his vest.

While the vendor didn't see him a member of the city guard did. "Stop thief, I'll have your hands you street rat". Aladdin scooted down the alley with several guards after him. They couldn't keep up with the nimble boy and he soon lost them on the roof tops. He dropped down to the ground and he and Abu made ready to eat their breakfast. He broke the bread and handed Abu half getting ready to take a bite of the still warm loaf in his hand. A noise caught his attention.

He saw two children combing through the trash behind the building in front of him looking for food. The boy maybe six or seven and the girl nine or ten. He remembered doing the same himself and he couldn't take a bite of the loaf he had in his hand.

"Come on Abu we can get more." He got up and started for the two children. Now Abu didn't want to give up his morsel, he was hungry and that was that but another word from Aladdin and he followed him over where Aladdin gave the two the loaf of bread. The little girl smiled and bowed punching her brother with her elbow to follow suit. Aladdin and Abu left them eating hungrily in the alley. They managed to steal a melon without being observed this time and was sitting in the shade along the main street to the Palace when there was a shuffling of people to get out of the street. Aladdin looked to see what was happening.

He saw a beautiful white stallion prancing down the street and on its back was a figure dressed in royal purple. He had an arrogant set to his dark face the thin mustache and goatee glistening with oil. There were two burly guards trotting along each side. They were heading for the Palace and Aladdin was already dismissing him from is mind when out of the corner of his eye he saw the same two children he had fed that morning running out into the street intent on chasing the rolling hoop in front of them, they never saw the horse that was about on them.

The horse stopped and reared at the sudden appearance of the children right in front of him almost unseating his rider. "Filthy sum, I'll teach you some manners." He growled as he unfurled a black whip.

Aladdin upon seeing the children had dashed out into the street and caught the lash on his forearm letting the whip wrap itself around then jerking it out of the rider's hand. "Looks like you could use some lessons yourself." The children had run off by this time and one of the guards grabbed the whip from Aladdin shoving him back out of the way. Aladdin glared at the retreating back of the visiting prince. "Look Abu a horse with two asses."

Of the observing bystanders was a woman who was in charge of Khalib the silver merchant's small harem. He had three women one about 18, one 23 and one 32, all very lovely. She was a relative of the young boy and girl, her niece's children and while she gave them a little money now and then they were still among the poor of the city. She was very grateful for the intervention of the young man preventing them from being hurt. She stepped up to his side. "Young sir you have done a good thing that could have been very dangerous for you. I wish to repay your kindness."

"That's not necessary mother it was my pleasure to jab that arrogant popinjay." Aladdin gave her a sweeping bow. "My name is Aladdin, happy to be of service."

"I think I can be of service to you young Aladdin." she answered. She knew the merchant would be gone from his home for at least a month as he was traveling with a caravan to the coast to buy more merchandise.

The women of his harem while fond of him had no love for him and wasn't adverse to a little adventure on the side every once in a while especially since he was getting on in years and required them much less then he used to. They had become more of a status symbol then anything else. "Why don't you come to the back of the Khalib's Silver shop in about an hour, I will have a very nice reward for you." She smiled and continued on her way to the market place.

Aladdin was thinking she would give him some type of silver and he could use that to buy food instead of stealing it for a while. He was at the back door gently knocking at the appointed time with Abu on his shoulder. The door opened and the woman stepped back to let him in. I am Adiba, in charge of Khalib's harem."

At the mention of the word harem Aladdin's dark eyebrows raised. "He is away on business and it is only I and the harem in the house. They are lonely and after telling them of your heroic act they wanted to show you their gratitude for such a selfless act." She smiled at Aladdin's grinning reaction.

"Come with me young Aladdin." She led him upstairs to a large room filled with big pillows and fluffy quilts. There were three women standing before an open window all wearing soft diaphanous gowns of varying colors. All had long dark hair flowing about their shoulders and shy expressions on their faces. Their bodies clearly outlined against the light from the window showed Aladdin that all were exciting. The youngest was slim and dark skinned, the next was meatier but not fat just nicely curved with plump tits that were mouth watering. The oldest was not as slim as the younger but beautifully formed with just a little swelling roundness in her belly. While none were beautiful all were very pretty.

"The one on the left is the youngest she is Dalal, next to her is Farreda and the other is Karida. Why don't you lie down on those pillows there and I will leave the ladies to reward you. I will be outside to make sure you aren't disturbed."

Aladdin did as he was bid and the three giggling women surrounded him and begin to undress him with haste. Abu had hopped up on the window sill to watch his master get screwed and the smell of the women's starting arousal made his little monkey balls twitch.

Only Dalal was unfamiliar with three women on one man at a time. By the time she was purchased Khalib was not capable of handling three women at a time. However when he was only a few years younger Farreda, and Karida along with another harem member who had died of a fever had often pleasured him all at once.

Karida the oldest took charge of instructing Dalal. "Sister we will work together, just follow our lead."

All three looked at the strong muscular body laid bare before them and the long smooth hooded shaft beginning to rise over big bloated balls and knew they were going to enjoy giving this boy his reward.

Karida knelt at his waist on one side laying a soft hand over his cock to grip the foreskin and pull it back from the expanding head. Farreda knelt on his other side to run hands over a rock hard chest and bent to lick a brown pebbly nipple before taking it in her teeth to nip gently. Dalal took the only place that was open and knelt above his head leaning over to seal his firm lips with her own soft ones gently probing with her tongue.

The three worked him over in a rotation, first Karida sucking his long hard cock and licking his balls as Farreda lathered his chest and nipples with her pink tongue. Dalal kissed his mouth, eyelids, cheeks and neck with growing ardor. The switched places until each had a turn at the three main points. Aladdin hadn't been idle while this was going on, his hands were filled with three different sized breasts that he kneaded and massaged through the thin gowns and three smooth shaven slits that lay between dampening thighs. His cock was standing tall and proud the foreskin just barely covering the big ridge of the head making it look twice as thick as the rest of the shaft.

The girls quickly removed their gowns and Karida straddled his hips lowering her already seeping vulva down to open on that wide spongy head. Ohhh he was so much bigger then Khalib, she sighed with pleasure as she worked gently to fully envelope every inch of his hot tool. Farreda settled over his head her knees splaying wide to lower her perfumed channel to his wiggling tongue. Its wet hot touch on her clit making her moan softly. Dalal had to settle for chewing on those hard male nipples but was soon rewarded with a hard palm sliding up her calf and thigh to let his fingers probe at her flowering opening

Abu was beside himself with voyeuristic pleasure, his little monkey cock hard and throbbing as he jacked quickly with one hairy hand.

Karida rode Aladdin's big cock to a shattering climax and he also brought Fareeda to a crying completion with his agile tongue. While Dalal was building towards her own on his probing fingers she hadn't reached that peak when the other two had theirs. Aladdin was straining to keep control of his own body and had to concentrate solely on eating Fareeda's sweet pussy to keep from cumming in Karida's tight slick sleeve when she squeezed and rippled up and down his shaft.

Not wanting to be selfish Karida reluctantly eased up off the virile shaft that had pleasured her so well and let Dalal settled down with a guttural groan as it opened her wider then she had ever been. Ferreda moved to keep his nipples hard while Karida settled her thighs about his cum smeared smiling face and let him eat her to a writhing groaning climax. Abu shot monkey cum all over the expensive Persian rug before the window. He didn't stop his stroking though he started working on another load.

Aladdin kept from cumming as all three rode his cock to a shuddering climax. Then it was Dalal on her knees and Aladdin sliding his cock into her doggy style while Fareeda was on her back between his legs licking and sucking his balls as he fucked into Dalal. Karida was straddling Dalal's back and Aladdin was sucking her swaying breasts as she held his head closely to her running her fingers through his thick hair.

All this stimulation was too much and Fareeda felt the ball she was sucking swell up and throb inside her mouth as it pumped its load into her harem sister. Dalal had already cum once on the big fucking cylinder and when she felt the hot thick load of white cum fire against her tightly stretched cervix she quivered into another heated frenzied orgasm. Aladdin had not been idle with Karida either while chewing on her hard nippled globes he was finger fucking her with one hand while the other was on Dalal's soft ass pulling her tight against him as his cum filled her hot little hole. Karida had her own climax on his two plunging fingers as he sucked hard on her breast.

For the whole afternoon the four joined in various positions, the women cumming numerous times on either cock, mouth or fingers. Aladdin himself fired four copious loads into various orifices. The first was in Dalal's hot hole of course, the second was in Karida's tight little ass the third was deep in Fareeda's swallowing throat and the last was as the three gathered on their knees and sucked his cock and balls until he shot his cum all over the three upturned faces.

As the afternoon shadows flowed over the land Aladdin left the house a happy man. Adiba gave him a cloth sack of food to take with him and a kiss on the cheek as she thanked him once again for saving the children.

That morning as Jasmine was prepared for the coming visit of Prince Akmed she wished she were somewhere else. She knew he would be like all the others and when her father summoned her to the throne room she gave a forlorn sigh and went slowly.

Like she had heard he looked like a cruel and arrogant spoiled brat. The spies she had sent to his kingdom told of a kindly Sultan that indulged his son anything he wanted. His son had none of the kindness and treated his subjects like slaves and beneath his thoughts. He had only to speak a few words for her to know everything that had been reported had been the truth.

At her fathers urgings she went for a walk with Akmed so they could get better acquainted. The Sultan was looking over some of the toy horsemen he loved to collect when he heard a loud roar and fearful scream.

He rushed along with his personal guard to see what the matter was. A white faced Akmed came storming into the palace shouting at the Sultan. "You will never get that shrew married off to anybody." If the Sultan had been paying much attention to what Prince Akmed was saying he would have probably never left the palace alive, but he was more interested in how his daughter was and hurried on past the fast moving prince.

Once outside he saw Jasmine sitting by the fountain looking into the water. Dismissing his guards he went to her only to be startled by the sudden appearance of Rajh standing before him with a piece of purple cloth dangling from his mouth. "What in Allah's name happened Jasmine." He stepped around the tiger to confront his daughter.

"Oh father Prince Akmed forgot his place and placed his hands on me, Rajh just reminded him that wasn't a good thing to do." she giggled as she recalled the sight of the tiger ripping the seat of the pompous ass's pants and the wide eyed terror in his scream as he thought he was about to be eaten by the 500 lb cat.

The thought of the Prince touching his daughter without permission caused the Sultan to call to his guards; the Prince would never see the light of another day.

"No father let him go; we are well rid of the likes of him and no need to cause trouble between the two countries." She grinned.

The Sultan just shook his head "Jasmine the law says you must be married to a Prince before your nineteenth birthday, that's only a few days away."

"I know father but I can't just marry anyone, I want to marry for love, is that so wrong? I have never even been outside the Palace walls" she pleaded

"My daughter it's not just the law, I am getting on in years and I want to know you will be taken care of after I'm gone." He took his daughter in his arms her head actually taller then his. "You have to make a decision soon I'm afraid." He left her there and returned to the Palace

When he entered he saw his cadaverous Royal Vizier strolling down the hall, the red parrot was sitting on his shoulder and he had a long golden staff with a flared cobra's head at the top. The cobra's eyes were of strange red gems that the Sultan had never seen before. "Ah Jafar my trusted Vizier maybe you can help me with my problem.

"You wish is my command your Excellency. How may I be of service?" The dark man bowed before the Sultan.

"It's my daughter Jasmine she refused every Prince in the surrounding kingdoms I don't know what I am going to do with her."

The Vizier stroked his scraggly goatee as he thought "I may be able to find a solution but it will require something on your part." He replied.

"What do you need Jafar, anything that will help?" The Sultan said.

"I need the blue diamond ring on your left little finger your excellency," the Visor requested.

The Sultan didn't see how giving up his ring would help "But Jafar that's the blue diamond, it's never been off the Sultan's hand for generations." He started to say more but Jafar brought the staff slowly around so the cobra's eyes were looking into the Sultans. There seemed to be a reddish beam of light flowing from the serpents eyes into the Sultan's and the Sultan became lethargic and slow.

"You want to give me the ring don't you?" The Vizier instructed.

"Yes,... yes of course here it is." The Sultan removed the ring and handed it to the Vizier.

"Now go along a play with your little toys and forget we talked." The Vizier instructed as he dropped the ring into a robe pocket.

"Yes, yes of course, play with my soldiers." the Sultan walked slowly away taking ten or twelve steps before stopping and wondering what he was doing, oh yeah he was going to rearrange his toy soldiers.

Jafar and Iago went through a concealed panel in his apartments and descended to a secret room far below the castle. This was were he practiced his evil magic. He had slowly been drawing the Sultan under his power careful to not move to fast so anyone would catch on. Now however he was close to obtaining his goal of the magic lamp and he was willing to take more risks.

He spent the rest of the night setting up his equipment to attempt to show him who the Diamond in the rough was.

Well past midnight in the palace a hooded figure was stealthily making its way to the high wall on the side away from the city. Wrapped in a coarse woolen cloak obtained from one of the servants Princess Jasmine was running away. As she started to climb the twisted tree next to the wall she gasped as her cloak was tugged from behind she thought she was found out. Turning quickly expecting to see her father or one of the Palace guards she was surprised to see Rajh holding the hem of her clock in his mouth.

"Oh Rajh I can't take you with me, but I have to get out of here, Oh I will miss you" and she placed a kiss on his big orange head. He gave a huff of dissatisfaction at letting her out of his sight but didn't impede her as she scrambled over the top of the wall giving him a last wave and goodbye. The big tiger lay down to wait for his mistress's return.
Chapter 2
Home | Top | Clvfan's Page |   Feedback to author



Home | Clvfan's Page « Aladdin and the Magic Lamp Index « Previous - Settings
Chapter 2
Posted: January 21, 2006 - 04:01:42 pm
?

In the early morning light the vendors were sitting up their booths or opening their shops. Aladdin was stretched out over the awning of a fruit vendor. Abu hung by his tail off the other side of the awning and made noise as he tried to grab a melon. The vendor rushed over to save his melon and shoo the monkey away. While he was occupied Aladdin leaned down over the other side of the awning and plucked a large ripe melon and retreated to sit on a ledge of the building the awning was attached to. He broke open the melon as Abu joined him. They sat eating and watching the bustle of the market opening up.

Princess Jasmine had never seen so many people in one place; the market was a confusion of shouting vendors and haggling customers. She kept the hood pulled tightly around her face as she made her way through the crowd. Vendors were shouting at her as she passed trying to get her to buy their wares. Everything from food to jewelry, clothes, camels, anything you desired. She was looking off and ran into someone loosing her balance momentarily. At that point her hood was knocked back to reveal her head. She quickly pulled it back up.

Aladdin had noticed the brown cloaked figure moving slowly, he was quick to see anything unusual and someone moving without purpose in the market was unusual. He saw the bump and his breath caught in his throat when the hood flew off her face. Aladdin was enthralled at the quick glance he had of the most beautiful face he had ever seen. Just a flash of thick midnight hair, big flashing eyes, high cheekbones and lush dark pink lips made his heart start fluttering. "Abu, did you see that, isn't she wonderful."

Abu wasn't impressed; he just wanted to eat his melon. Aladdin kept watch as she moved closer to him.

Jasmine was beside an apple vendor his shelf lined with big red apples when she saw a ragged dressed little boy eying them hungrily. She smiled and took one handing it to the little boy who flashed her a bright smile and ran off. She was watching him as he ate and ran when a gruff voice beside her demanded. "You are going to pay for that apple you know."

She was startled; she had acted out of kindness and habit never once thinking that life is entirely different outside the Palace. "I don't have any money." She said softly.

"Oh a thief huh." He growled.

"No, no just let me go to the palace, the Sultan he will give you the money." She cried as the vendor advanced on her. He grabbed her arm holding it over the shelf as he pulled a large knife from his sash. "I'll show you how we treat thieves around here."

Before he could bring it down his wrist was grabbed in a vice like grip. "Thank you kind sir for finding her." Aladdin said. Turning to the cloaked figure he continued "I've been looking all over for you."

The vendor knew Aladdin; sometimes he ran errands for him either for a little food or money. "Do you know her?" He asked.

"Yes she is my sister, not quite right in the head you know; she thinks the monkey is the Sultan." Aladdin replied.

At first Jasmine was insulted but being a smart woman she realized this boy was trying to keep her from getting her hand cut off. She started bowing to the strangely garbed monkey beside the boy. "Oh great Sultan I am yours to command."

Aladdin took her elbow and helped her to her feet. "We must get her to the doctor to replenish her medicine."

They were passing a standing camel and she stopped "Hello doctor how are you today."

"No no sister that isn't the doctor, come along now." Aladdin led her away from the vendor.

As they walked along Jasmine glanced shyly at the strong looking youth. He had a handsome clean shaven face with sparkling dark eyes, broad shoulders swinging slightly as he led her through streets and alleys.

She noticed his clothes were patched and worn but he stood tall and proud like he knew he was worth something.

"You really have to be more careful you know, if you don't have any money you at least have to try and catch the vendor unawares." Aladdin chided her as they walked along.

His senses were enticed by the melodious voice that answered him. "I'm not really familiar with the ways of the market place I'm afraid."

"Come on we will go to my place for a while until the vendor calms down and the guards quit looking for you." Aladdin looked at the cloaked figure striding beside him, he couldn't see that beautiful face for the hood, just glimpses and shadows.

He led her through the back alleys to the crumbling building he had made his home in. They had to climb two ladders to reach the roof of the adjoining building and he would have to vault over to the roof of the other where he lived. He planned it that way to give him time to escape any pursuers.

While the Princess was wandering the market place Jafar was busy with his effort to find the diamond in the rough. He had everything in place; Iago was going to supply power to the equipment by walking on a turntable. Jafar carefully set the blue diamond in its place making sure it was secure. "Okay Iago you can start."

Iago was not happy that he had to do this but couldn't do anything about it. He started walking turning the wheel that in turn caused a perpendicular one to spin and hopefully create some artificial lightning.

"Faster Iago faster." Jafar urged the straining parrot. Iago was running now and blue bolts of lighting shot from one part of the equipment to strike the blue diamond. This caused a blue white haze to form over a crystal globe set under the diamond. Jafar leaned closer. "Come on; show me the diamond in the rough."

A hazy picture started to form of a youth climbing a ladder holding his hand out to someone below him.

As the picture cleared Jafar gave an evil laugh. "There he is my diamond in the rough, a street rat." He studied the picture well and saw the building the boy was entering. Iago was exhausted by now and he had to slow down. The lightning stopped and the picture faded away.

"Ah Iago we must extend an invitation to our little street rat. My special guards I think to escort him here."

Jafar gave an evil laugh, now he would have the means to get the magic lamp. He gave the orders and returned to his apartment in a good mood which was rare for him. He summoned two of his prettier servants for he was in the mood for some sexual pleasure now. He stood in the center of the room as they entered.

"Undress me." he ordered holding his arms out so they could get to his clothes better. The two shuddered inwardly at having to please the unpleasant Vizier but knew if they worked at getting him off quickly then their ordeal would be short. They divested him of his robes revealing a dark thin body that had no masculine beauty, tall, gaunt and ugly he stood before them a skinny almost black cock hanging limply over low hanging balls.

"Now slaves make me hard so I can fill your softness with my manly seed." He snarled. Iago was perched on the head of the plush bed. He watched with growing excitement as the slaves got undressed, their slim bodies and swaying breasts a feast for his eyes. If only he could have had some other form, oh the fun he could have had, a wolf maybe or a horse. Yeah he would enjoy the feel of their clasping channels on his plunging cock. But alas he was stuck in this stupid birds form and could only visually enjoy the proceedings.

The servants had dropped to their knees before the Vizier and one raised his gnarly cock to her lips stripping the foreskin back from the arrow shaped head and enclosing it in her mouth. She used her tongue on the unpleasant tasting thing hoping to get him hard quickly. The other servant held his loose ball sack in her hands and squeezed and licked over the shaven orbs. The Vizier didn't have a hair on his body other then his face.

Jafar stood his nose in the air distaining to even look at the slaves pleasuring him. He could feel the hot wet cavern and agile muscle working on his cock and the tickling licking and gentle massage of his balls and he was getting hard. When he had reached his full six and half inches he shoved the two girls away from him

"Now you slave," he pointed to the plumper of the two "on your hands and knees slave and prepare to take your masters manly scepter. She did as she was told crawling on the bed and presenting her smooth round ass to Jafar. Stepping up behind her he seated the dark ugly head against her dry channel and pushed in. The dryness made hard going but he didn't care. The poor girl dropped her head and bit her lip to keep from crying out in pain. Once he was fully inside he slapped one full fleshed cheek with his bony hand.

"Now move slave pleasure your master." As the girl began to rock back and forth sliding his cock to and fro her body's natural reaction to being stroked inside caused her to moisten and lesson the burning pain his entry had caused. "You get under her and pleasure me with your mouth." Once again he slapped the moving ass of the one ensconced on his cock. "Faster you little slut show me you love your masters scepter."

By now the other girl had crawled under the belly of the working servant on her back and proceeded to suck and lick Jafar's balls in their loose dangling sack. The first girl was working hard now that her channel was slicker with her juice and with Jafar's now dripping precum. She was moving back and forth almost letting him come out on her forward journey and slamming back into his skinny shanks on the backward swing.

"Ah yes slave that's it." Jafar could feel the cum building in his balls, balls that were being pleasantly sucked by the hot little mouth of his slave."

In no more then three minutes his skeletal hands gripped the plump hips of the moving slave and drew her tight against him. "Ah take your master's seed you unworthy wench" His already ugly countenance drawn in the grimace of orgasm.

The slave sucking his balls felt them draw towards his belly then start to pulse as they pumped his scummy cum in her fellow servants hot cave. Withdrawing quickly he let his dripping cock fall across the second girls face. "Clean your masters cock slave." With an inward sigh she took his slimy skinny cock her mouth and sucked the cum and woman juice from him.

Jafar having his cock sucked clean reclined on his bed his soft cock once again lieing over his droopy ball sack. "Now slaves pleasure each other while I once again make myself ready to bestow my seed upon your unworthy bodies."

The two girls went at this enthusiastically. This was the only real sexual pleasure they received as his servants. Both would rather have a nice hard cock from someone they could enjoy but since they couldn't they had to make do with each other. Jafar and Iago watched with lusting eyes as they sucked pert nipples and fingered moistening openings. They nibbled and sucked all over each others bodies and then with the plumper one on her back and the other on all fours over her they tongued and sucked each other's pussy to a satisfying climax. Jafar had been stroking his skinny meat all the while and it now stood out from his body the dark head fully exposed from the hood.

"You slave", he pointed to the one on top "Come sit on your masters rod of pleasure."

She moved over to him scooping her cum from her cunt to smear over her asshole, she knew what was coming. She straddled his lean hips facing away from him and placed his cock head at her puckered hole. Both girls were thankful that his cock was so skinny, the burning pain was much less then it could have been. As she settled down her tight nether channel squeezing his cock tightly the other slave crawled forward to fondle the loose sack lying on the bed between his skinny thighs. Once the servant's ass settled on his thighs she started a rapid up and down moving using her thigh and calf muscles only.

The tightness of her ass had Jafar's precum flowing again but he had just cum so it was closer to five minutes before he felt that delicious building of erotic tension coming over his body. His body was bucking upwards now. "Now slave suck the seed from your master's balls." He grunted as the hot ass channel of the slave left his cock and the hot wet lips of the other slave closed over his cock head to slide down to his groin.

The girls knowing what the twisted Vizier liked always took a scented enema every morning so that the cock they would have to take in their mouth from the others ass wasn't dirty and in fact tasted of either orange or lemon. Jafar's pleasure was immense as the tight wet lips and agile tongue brought him quickly to climax and he held her head tight against his groin as he pumped his vile seed into her mouth. She knew her job and she swallowed and continued to suck until his balls were empty.

As his cock deflated Jafar shoved the servant away, "Out of my sight you worthless slaves, be thankful I let you have my seed." Both girls quickly fled grateful that the ordeal never lasted to long. Jafar settled back to take a nap while he waited for the diamond in the rough to be brought to him. Iago was prowling back and forth on the headboard his feathers fluffed out in sexual tension from watching his master and the two girls. It would be awhile before his body settled down and he to could nap.

Aladdin and Jasmine reached the roof of the adjoining building to his home. He took a strong long pole and vaulted over to the other roof. He picked up a thick board to lie across the way for Jasmine to walk over on.

As he placed it he looked up to see nobody on the other roof. Turning back quickly he found her behind him, a long pole in her hand also. The hood was off her head now and he could see the beauty that had captured his senses that morning. Her wide white smile was like a bright lamp in the darkness, it lit up his world. There was mischief sparkling in those golden eyes. She twirled the staff before speaking "I am a fast learner.

She was amused by the confused look in her savior's eyes. She took him in for the first time really. He was handsome beyond belief. A black thick mop of unruly hair, strong cheekbones and sensuous mouth. Strong white teeth, thick neck and broad shoulders. A big chest that tapered to slim hips and strong legs. Her heart skipped a beat as she gazed through lowered lashes at him.

Aladdin was smitten; he had never encountered anyone like her. The beauty and melodious voice had captivated him. He took her into the third floor. Nothing was new and many things were patched. His and Abu's beds consisted of wool stuffed pads and fraying blankets. Jasmine noted that while it looked poor it was neat and clean. They sat down on the pad that was Aladdin's bed. They talked of little things each not really caring what was said, they were drinking in the sight of each other.

Finally Aladdin stood and held out his hand "Come, I know my abode isn't much but we have an excellent view." He led her to a window that was covered by a tattered blanket. Sweeping it aside he revealed the sight of the Palace, the white walls and golden domes gleaming in the midday sun. "We do have a grand view of the Palace. Jasmine sat on the window sill and sighed, the sight made her sad. All that she loved was there and she was running away from it. Aladdin sat beside her "It must be great to live in the Palace, servants and valets to do your bidding. Being able to eat when you wanted and not have to steal to stay alive.

Jasmine looked with compassionate eyes at her handsome companion but her reply was "Someone telling you want to do all the time, what to say, what to wear"

Abu was sitting higher on the window sill not liking his master's attention to the new female at all.

With a sigh Aladdin reached up and into Abu's vest to produce a shiny red apple that was taken from the vendor they had escaped. He let it roll down the back of his arm catching it in his palm and flipping it forward to catch in his other hand to present it to Jasmine. "Now why were you in the market place this morning?"

Jasmine told him "I'm running away, my father is forcing me to marry and I don't want to." She took a bite of the proffered apple.

Abu was screeching with indignation that the female was eating his apple. Aladdin waved him to desist.

"What is the matter with him?" Jasmine asked with an amused twinkle in her eye.

"Oh, Uh, Abu said that wasn't fair." Aladdin leaned a little closer to Jasmine his gaze drowning in those big golden eyes.

Jasmine leaned closer to him their faces but inches apart. "Oh that's nice, what else does Abu have to say."

"That he wishes there were something he could do to help." Aladdin closed the distance to those luscious pink lips another inch.

The gap between their lips were but a fraction of an inch apart, eyes locked onto each others when a loud snap on the other roof brought both heads snapping around. They saw several city guards milling about trying to find a way across.

Both jumped up and two voices said in unison "They're after me."

Two heads snapped about looking at each other with puzzlement and once again two voices in questioning unison "They're after you."

"My father must have sent them after me." Jasmine cried.

Aladdin jumped up on the window sill and held out his hand. Jasmine looked at him in wide eyed confusion.

"Do you trust me?" Aladdin shouted. When Jasmine's eyebrows drew together in confusion he asked again.

"Do you trust me?

She gave a hesitant "Yessss" and took his proffered hand. He drew her up and leaped from the window pulling her with him.

Aladdin had planned this long ago, he knew someday his hiding place could be discovered and he had the window below covered with a thick awning propped up by strong but flexible poles. The window on the first floor was likewise fixed. When they jumped they landed in the second story awning that cushioned their fall, quickly swinging his legs over the end of the awning he helped Jasmine over and dropped her to the first floor awning. He quickly followed and they dropped to the ground.

Turning Aladdin saw they were surrounded by guardsmen. A big burly brute with broken yellowish teeth grinned. "Ah street rat now we have you, he motioned and about a dozen men converged on the youth. He struggled mightily but there were too many of them.

Jasmine had pulled the hood up when they reached the ground and she now grabbed the brute's arm "Let him go I command you" she shouted.

The brute flung her against the wall. "Look men not only a street rat but a street mouse also" he laughed harshly.

Pulling herself to her feet Jasmine flung back the hood "Unhand him by order of the Princess."

The guardsmen were stunned as was the brute leader and Aladdin himself. All bowed deeply one of the guards pushing Aladdin's head to the ground.

The brute spoke "I'm sorry Princess but my orders came from Jafar, you will have to take it up with him."

Now he wasn't to smart and the rest of his men knew he had just signed his own death warrant twice over.

For touching the Royal Princess without her permission was instant death, for disobeying the Princess for anyone other then the Sultan was also instant death. Abdul the brute leader had been in the employee of Jafar to long and thought he was safe under the Vizier's protection.

The Princess's eyes narrowed in fury "You can be sure I will." All the men recognized the deadly calm in that voice but Abdul and when they delivered the boy to Jafar each made sure he had some business well away from the city until things calmed down. All but Abdul who was too stupid to know what was good for him.

Jafar had Aladdin locked in the lower dungeon his arms manacled above his head. He would let the boy stew awhile before starting the next phase of his plan.

As he strode the hall to his apartments he heard his name called. "Jafar I would speak to you."

He stopped and turned "Yes your highness how may I be of assistance."

"You had a boy arrested this afternoon. Why?" Jasmine demanded.

He had to think fast, the palace had been in an uproar this morning when it was discovered the Princess was gone, riders had went out to all the army to get ready to move if it became known that the Princess had been taken by someone from another kingdom. "Why because he kidnapped you of course."

"He never kidnapped me, I ran away and I want him released immediately" she shouted.

"Ohh if I had only known in time" he said.

"What do you mean in time, where is he?" Her voice took on and uncertain quaver.

"Why the sentence has already been carried out" he smiled at her.

"What sentence?" She demanded.

"Death by beheading of course." He gave her a fake look of remorse and turned walking away.

Jasmine was stunned. She stood there for a moment unable to fathom the fact that the handsome vital boy that had saved her was now dead his head separated from his body. All because she ran away.

She ran to her rooms sobbing loudly at the realization she had caused the death of a good person.

The Sultan was in the adjoining living area and he heard the heartbroken sobbing. His heart had leapt with joy when he had found out she was safe and he had canceled the alert to his troops. But from the sound something was terribly wrong. He hurried in to find her kneeling by her bed, head in her arms and sobbing loudly. Rajah was nudging her gently with his big head trying to comfort her.

'What's wrong Jasmine?" He gently patted her heaving shoulder.

"Oh father, Jafar has done something terrible." She said in a quivering voice.

"Tell me my child what has he done." The Sultan inquired.

After hearing the story the Sultan gave three orders. One that the apple vendor be found and receive the punishment he tried to mete out to the Princess. Two that Abdul be brought in and his tongue cut out for daring to talk back to the Princess, this was just before he was to be beheaded for touching her Royal person, Three that Jafar be found and brought to the Throne room immediately.

Jafar was frightened. He had been controlling the mild mannered Sultan for many years but this was not the same man. The tone in his voice was one of command and the anger flashing in his eyes said there was no chance the red eyed staff could have any effect on him.

"Jafar you have been my most trusted Vizier but you go too far. You have caused my daughter much distress by your precipitate action. What do you have to say for yourself?" The Sultan glowered at the tall figure.

"Why your Excellency you gave me the task of keeping order in the city, I was just doing my job."

Jafar bowed low to the Sultan.

"You will not order anyone executed without consulting me first, is that understood." The Sultan's voice was hard with command.

"Yes your Excellency I hear and obey" he said from his deep bow.

Jasmine's eyes were flashing daggers. "The only good thing that could come from me being forced to marry is I can get rid of you Jafar." She turned and stalked down the corridor.

The Sultan with a wave of his hand dismissed Jafar and turned to follow his daughter.

"We're in trouble now; if she marries we're history." Iago was complaining to his master.

"We must get the lamp before then." Jafar conceded.

"Oh course if you married her then we would be alright." Iago speculated.

"Marry the shrew." Jafar's tone was one of distaste, but then he turned to watch those rounded hips swinging back and forth in her turquoise pants as she stalked down the hall. "Hummmmmmmm" a bony hand came up to stroke his scraggly goatee. A picture formed in his mind of the beautiful princess on her knees sucking his cock and then of her on all fours as he drove his hard dick into her tight perfect ass. "The idea does have merit Iago; we will have to look into that."

Iago knew what his master was thinking. "Then I can torment that fat Sultan while you fuck his little girl, then a long drop from a high cliff and we will be in charge."

A sinister smile crept over Jafar's face. "Yes that would be very nice."

Aladdin was thinking of the Princess; even in his present predicament he saw only those big golden eyes and luscious pink lips, the tinkling melody of her sweet voice. He gave a sigh and thought. "The Princess, she would never even look at me as a husband, I would have to be a Prince. She deserves a Prince." He heard a sound above him, looking up he saw Abu wriggling through the bars of the window. "Abu, my friend you have found me."

Abu climbed down the rough wall and stopped before Aladdin. "Abu you know what to do, come on get me out of these." Aladdin and Abu had planned for just such an emergency. Aladdin had taught Abu how to use a lock pick and now was the time to see if all that training had paid off. Abu hopped up on Aladdin's shoulders and reached inside his vest to a tightly woven pocket to retrieve the lock pick. He worked diligently for a minute of so and then the lock sprung free.

"Good boy Abu "Aladdin said as he rubbed his hands bringing the tingling feelings back to his fingers and wrist. "But now we have to find a way out of here."

"I can help you with that" a weak wavering voice responded from the darkness at the other end of the big cell.

"Who are you?" a startled Aladdin asked, he thought he was alone in the cell. Into the light a stooped limping figure came walking with a cane. "Oh I have been here a long time boy; I can help you get out if you will help me with something."

"What help do you need." Aladdin inquired

"There is a cave, a cave of wonders that holds a lamp and great treasure, enough to make you richer than the Sultan, if you will get me the lamp you can have the treasure." The old man wheezed and then cackled.

"If you can get out of here why don't you get it yourself?" Aladdin was a little suspicious.

"Look at me boy, the steps are steep and long, this old body couldn't do it, I needed strong legs and a strong back like you have boy." The old man cackled showing broken rotten teeth.

Aladdin figured he didn't have anything to lose if it would get him out of this dungeon. "Okay, how do we get out?

The old man led him back to the dark side of the cell and with his cane he pushed on one of the large granite blocks. He had to push hard but the block slid back into the wall to reveal a dark tunnel and steps leading upward. They made their way upwards Aladdin having to help the old man along. They came out on the outside of the Palace walls through a small sand covered door. They made their way down to the town and the old man produced a sack of coins that he used to purchase a swaybacked horse. Aladdin wasn't sure it would make it far but it seemed to have a lot of stamina as it took the three of them slowly out into the desert. After about two hours they came to a strangely rounded dune.

The old mad climbed down from the horse, Aladdin and Abu joined him. He took two halves of a scarab from his tattered cloak and held them together, they glowed and flew upwards then separated and fell to the front of the dune like two glowing eyes. A rumble and the ground trembled as the Gargoyle head rose from the desert floor the hideous mouth opening with a golden glow. "Who disturbs my slumber?" The deep voice inquired.

Aladdin was stunned for a moment, and then answered "It is I Aladdin."

"Enter but touch nothing but the lamp." The rumbling voice instructed.

Aladdin approached the mouth slowly; Abu was perched on his shoulder and clinging tightly.

"Remember boy, bring me the lamp and you shall have your reward." The old man was hopping from one foot to the other.

Aladdin eased inside and started down the steep steps toward the bright golden glow below. When he reached the bottom he found himself in a great room that was filled with gold coins, shields, treys, every thing you could think of and it was all gold. He was stunned for a minute "Abu look we would be rich beyond our wildest dreams."

Abu concurred he hopped off Aladdin's shoulder and headed for a pile of gold coins. Just as he was about to reach for them Aladdin remembered the rumbling words. "Abu stop don't touch anything."

The urgency in Aladdin's voice made Abu stop dead still. He didn't notice he was standing on a thick soft rug that was ten feet long and about six feet wide. It had large golden tassels and each corner.

"Come on lets see if we can find what we came for." Aladdin started down an aisle on the piles of gold with Abu following him. As they went their way the rug rose from the floor about a foot and started gliding along behind Abu. Abu felt like someone was following him and turned to look but the rug settled quickly to the floor. Abu didn't see anything but with uneasiness hurried to catch Aladdin. The rug rose once again and followed the scampering monkey. Abu quickly turned again, the rug rolled itself up and leaned against a stack of gold shields. He wasn't quick enough however and Abu saw it moving. With a screech he ran to Aladdin chattering and pulling on his pants.

"What Abu, what's going on," he asked. Abu was pointing and gesturing but Aladdin didn't see anything.

"Take it easy Abu, come on help me find the lamp." With that he started off again. Abu followed along but kept looking back. The rug was floating along over his head and he didn't look up so he didn't see it. One of the large gold tassels formed into a hand and reached down to pluck the monkeys little Fez from his head.

Abu looked up saw the rug over him and ran screeching to Aladdin. He ran and jumped on Aladdin's shoulders grabbing his head and turning it to see the rug.

When Abu screeched the rug hid behind a stack of gold. Aladdin saw it peeking, "Abu it's a magic carpet, come on out we won't hurt you."

The carpet floated over to hover before them the front two tassels forming hands that were wringing themselves together.

"Say Abu maybe he can help us." Aladdin turned to the carpet. "We are looking for a lamp; do you know where it is?"

The top part of the rug seemed to nod yes and it floated down to about three inches off the floor.

"Humm Abu I think he wants us to get on." Aladdin stepped onto the carpet and settled down cross-legged near the front. Abu hopped on a little more gingerly, he wasn't sure about this, he settled down beside Aladdin. The carpet started moving and rising swiftly. Abu's eyes widened in fright but Aladdin was amazed at how stable the carpet was, there wasn't that sense of speed he expected although he could see they were moving swiftly down the corridors of mounded gold

The carpet took them though dark caves and caves filled with all types of precious jewels until it finally came to a set of steep steps leading upward. At the top Aladdin could see the tiny figure of a lamp on a rock pedestal. "You stay here Abu I will go see if that is what we are looking for." With that he started up the steep steps. He was almost to the top when Abu spotted a seated golden figure in a corner with the biggest sapphire he had ever seen. His greedy little heart wanted that big pretty bauble. He started inching over to it. He was almost there when the carpet took notice of where he was doing, it floated quickly to the creeping monkey one of the front tassels formed into a hand and grabbed Abu's tail trying to hold him back.

Aladdin had just picked up a dull oil lamp off the pedestal thinking to himself. "Why all the fuss over an old oil lamp." Just then he heard Abu screech as his tail was being pulled and he almost had his larcenous little paws on that big Sapphire. He struggled mightily to reach his prize.

Aladdin seeing what he was after shouted. "No Abu don't touch anything."

It was too late Abu snatched the gem from the statues hands. Immediately the deep rumbling voice filled the cavern. "You have touched what is forbidden now you will never see the light of day."

Abu quickly put the gem back but the cavern started shaking and rocks were falling all around. The Carpet scooted under Abu and raced to Aladdin who jumped on. The Carpet was speeding back to the entrance avoiding falling boulders and heated lava that seemed to be steaming up from the cave floor. Just before they reached the crumbling set of steps at the entrance a large boulder caught the back of the carpet taking it down, Aladdin threw himself forward to catch at the last step that remained in place. He could see the old man hopping up and down at the entrance to the cave.

"Help me, I'm losing my grip." Aladdin called. Abu had jumped from his shoulder to the top step.

"Give me the lamp boy and I will give you your reward." the old man screamed.

Aladdin having no choice as his grip was failing threw the lamp up with his free hand; the old man grabbed it and stuck it in a pocket on his tattered cloak. He reached inside and brought out a wicked looking knife "Here's your reward boy."

Abu saw the knife and jumped up on the old mans shoulder and bit hard into the wrist holding the knife. The old man howled and dropped the knife. The man and monkey struggled until finally the old man threw the monkey from him down into the cave. Abu grabbed Aladdin's head as he passed and swung around to his shoulder but the extra weight tore Aladdin's grip from the step and they dropped into the darkness. The gargoyle mouth was closing and the huge head was receding into the ground.

As Aladdin was struggling the carpet was pinned to the ground by the huge rock that had hit it, It was struggling mightily to get free, the ground was trembling and jumping when it was aware of the falling figures of Aladdin and Abu. When a huge upheaval made the rock jump momentarily the carpet pulled free and shot up to catch the falling figures before they hit the ground.

The old man was jumping and hollering with Glee "At last, at last the lamp is mine". He changed from an old man to Jafar as the Illusion was no longer needed. He reached into the tattered cloak only to find his pocket empty, he quickly looked around to see if he had dropped it, No it was nowhere to be found. The desert rang with the high pitched wail of his anguish.

The carpet slid gently to the floor of the now darkened cave. Lit only be the glow of the still slow flowing lava. "That double-crosser I bet he is halfway across the desert with that old lamp." Aladdin was rubbing his head where he had been struck by one of the falling rocks. Hearing a quiet chitter from Abu he looked to see him holding up the lamp. "Why Abu you hairy little thief", Aladdin chuckled. He took the lamp from Abu and looked it over. "Just looks like an old oil lamp to me wonder what he wanted with it, there is something written on here but I can't make it out." Aladdin rubbed over the words trying to get the dirt off so he could read it.

The lamp trembled in his hand and a bright blue smoke shot out of the spout. He was so startled he dropped the lamp and the blue smoke billowed into a huge cloud.
Chapter 3
Home | Top | Clvfan's Page |   Feedback to author


Home | Clvfan's Page « Aladdin and the Magic Lamp Index « Previous - Settings
Chapter 3
Posted: January 21, 2006 - 04:01:42 pm
?

The smoke billowed and then formed into the figure of a blue Djin. He was huge from waist to head must have been ten feet, from the waist down he was a narrowing stream of blue smoke extending back into the lamp. The Djin had a smiling kindly face and with huge hands massaging his neck he laughed. "Two thousand years cooped up in that lamp gives you such a crick in the neck."

Abu was hiding behind Aladdin and peeping out. Aladdin himself was pretty unsure of what was going on.

The Djin having evidently got rid of his neck problem put his hands on his hips. "You have summoned me, what is your wish master"? The giant figure saw the carpet by Aladdin and gave a joyous cry "Ah so, rug man, I haven't seen you for several thousand years, how are you?"

The carpet gave a flutter of its upper half and a wave of a tassel.

Aladdin was still stunned at the appearance of the being in front of him, old tales of Djinni being recalled from his youth when he suddenly realized what the Blue Djin said. "Master, you mean I am your master"?

The Djin nodded "You have three wishes anything you want is yours, but only three wishes."

"You mean you will give me anything I want."? Aladdin asked slightly suspicious of such luck.

"Well there are a few things I can't give. There is no wishing for more wishes, I can't make anybody fall in love and I won't bring anybody back from the dead." The Djin reduced in size to about Aladdin's and sat beside him. Now he was in the full form of a man. "Let me show you some of the things you can have."

"You want riches", with a snap of his fingers the whole cave was filled with overflowing vessels of gold coins and all types of precious stones. Abu's eyes lit up at the splendid display before him and he ran over to dip his hands in a large jar of diamonds. Aladdin himself was thinking of how splendid his life would be with all this wealth. In an instant it was gone.

"Or perhaps you would like a more fleshy wealth." The Djin grinned and once again he snapped his fingers.

Aladdin was surrounded by a bevy of beautiful young women all naked and delightfully curvy. He was quickly divested of his clothes and countless fingers and lips caressed his body. Hot flesh and firm tits were rubbed all over him, His cock and balls were treated to the hot wetness of different mouths sucking and licking while taut nipples were presented to his mouth to taste. His hard cock slid into a slick channel that gripped his straining member tightly. A few strokes and it was replaced by a different but equally as hot and wet throbbing muscle. Beautiful smiling faces and bouncing hard-nippled breasts passed before his eyes.

His hands were filled with firm woman flesh and his mouth went from one succulent breast to the other.

Abu thoroughly disappointed at losing his sparkling treasure was quickly appeased by the naked beauties swarming over his master and his little cock sprang out in full hardness. His twitching nose inhaling the odors of aroused womanhood and the jiggling flesh before him had him running one hairy little hand up and down his shaft.

Aladdin's balls were being overly stimulated by the changing suction of each different woman and the slick sleeves riding up and down his cock was bringing him quickly to a climax. He shot a hard spurt of white cum deep in the squeezing wetness that gripped him. As soon as his balls emptied themselves he found himself once again alone. He knew it wasn't a dream because he was lying there naked on his back his long cock softening with his cum and glistening woman juice dripping down to matt his thick pubic hair and balls.

"Those are only a few of the things you can have it you so desire." The blue Djin informed him.

As Aladdin put his clothes back on he was thinking quickly. "So let me get this straight, I am your master and can have anything I want except there are limitations, Hummm, Abu I don't think this Djinni can get us out of here, we better see if we can find a way out". With that he got up and started to explore the cave.

A loud deep voice echoed through the cave. "YOU DOUBT MY POWER"? The blue Djin had tripled in size almost filling the cavern they were in. "GET ON THE CARPET"?

Aladdin trying to act like he still didn't believe moved to sit on the magic carpet after retrieving the lamp and Abu jumped on behind him.

"We are out of here young master". The blue Djin pointed at the ceiling of the cave and a bright yellow light shot from his finger. A hole appeared and the carpet flew out into the daylight. Aladdin watched as the hole closed quickly after their departure. The carpet flew to a large oasis and settled down next to a sparkling clear water hole. Aladdin rubbed along the side of the lamp once again and the blue smoke streamed out to once again form the gigantic form of the blue Djin.

"Now do you recognize my power young master?" The Djin grinned.

"Humm okay, so you have to grant me three wishes, anything I want you say." Aladdin was pondering as he walked along the edge of the water.

"Wrong young master, only two wishes now." The Djin laughed.

"Well now Djinni I didn't really wish to get out of that cave, you did that on your own." Aladdin replied innocently.

The Djin's mouth was open to protest when he realized that was true. "Very tricky young master but that's the last free wish you get. Now what is your first wish?"

Aladdin was thoroughly puzzled, there was so much to be desired and so many things to be had. "What would you wish for Djinni"?

The blue Djin was startled. "Me, I don't know, nobody has ever asked me that before". He stroked his short beard. I guess I would wish to be free, not to have to give people anything they want, free to make my own decisions".

Aladdin was surprised at his answer. "But I thought you could do anything."

"Well young master it's not all it's cracked up to be." With a powerful loud voice the Djinni proclaimed

"GREAT COSMIC POWER." And with his fingers held about a foot apart and in a small voice. "Little bitty living space. But what am I saying that will never happen."

"Why not Djinni"? Aladdin was curious.

"In order to be free my master would have to wish it so." The Djin replied, "And that's not going to happen."

"I'll set you free." Aladdin told him. "After my first two wishes I will use the third one to sit you free."

With an I've heard that before sigh the blue Djin said. "I will hope you mean that, now what is your first wish young master"?

Aladdin sat on a fallen palm log. Through all his thoughts of what he could have the memory of big golden eyes, long lustrous midnight hair and a body that would give a man in instant hardon kept creeping back.

"Ah Djinni there's this girl", he was interrupted by the Djin. "I told you I can't make anybody fall in love."

"I know but she has this smile, and those eyes and this body that is made for love". With a loud sigh he continued. "But she has to marry a prince." and quick as a flash the answer was before him. "Hey can you make me a prince"?

"Is that your first wish" the Djinni inquired?

"Yes, Djinni I wish you to make me a Prince." Aladdin proclaimed.

"Okay" and with a pointed finger he fired a golden stream of light around Aladdin and suddenly Aladdin was adorned in the white splendor of nobility. His Turban had a purple plume and large red Sapphire in the front. His glowing white cape was lined with royal purple silk. He looked every inch the handsome Prince.

"Now we need some awe inspiring transportation". He looked over at Abu. With a snap of his finger he transformed him into a well groomed camel. "Hummm No", then a magnificent white Arabian Stallion. "No still not right, ah I know". Another snap and Abu was a huge African elephant complete with a covered platform firmly attached to the broad back. Abu was not that happy about being another species but he sure wouldn't have to run from anybody anymore. "Now we need some other things to show what a great Prince you are" the blue Djin pondered.

In the Palace the Sultan was sitting in the throne room alone having dismissed the last petitioner for the day. Jafar stalked in dark red cloak billowing out behind him. He had a parchment in his hand and Iago sat on his shoulder. "Your Highness I think I found the solution to your problem with the Princess."

"Problem with the Princess", Iago mimicked as a good parrot should.

"Good, what have you found Jafar"? The Sultan wanted a solution to this problem very much.

Jafar unrolled the Parchment; he read the words carefully "In the event that a suitable Prince cannot be found to wed the Princess then she shall be wed to the Royal Vizier." With a practiced startled look he exclaimed "Why that's me".

"What let me see that, I'm sure it says it must be a Prince?" The Sultan grabbed the parchment and started to read.

Jafar brought his snake headed staff close to the Sultan, the red beams from the snake's eyes focused on the Sultan's. "She will marry the Royal Vizier."

The Sultan repeated the words slowly "She will marry the Royal Vizier". Then with a shake of his head he said. "But you're so old."

Jafar brought the staff even closer and shouted "SHE WILL MARRY ME".

The Sultan repeated "She will marry you".

The sound of blaring trumpets suddenly sounded freeing the Sultan from the hypnotizing gaze of the serpent headed staff.

"What, What" the Sultan exclaimed as he rose from his throne and hurried to a balcony to see what was going on.

Jafar followed a dark scowl on his leathery face at being interrupted in his attempt to marry the Princess.

The sight that greeted them was impressive. A huge gray elephant was striding down the main street. On its back was a shining white covered platform. A comfortable seat was situated in the middle and a figure in white and Royal Purple was reclined within. He was surrounded by chests of gold that he reached into and threw out into the throng of people that were gathering quickly to see this magnificent sight. In front of the elephant and behind were a troop of ten mounted warriors all dressed splendidly and riding solid black Arabian stallions. A figure in front of the first troop was blowing a trumpet and then shouting "Make way for Prince Ali."

The Sultan hurried off tossing over his shoulder as he left. "Another suitor for the Princess and he looks magnificent. Jafar hurried after him trying to think of some way to stop him.

The Sultan sent a guard to invite the Prince into the throne room. When he arrived the door was just swinging open and the trumpet once again sounded and then "Prince Ali Abogwa."

Through the open door a white robed figure was standing on a carpet, but what stunned both the Sultan and Jafar was the carpet was floating about a foot above the floor and glided forward to stop a couple of feet from the Sultan. The Prince stepped down and bowed before the Sultan. "Prince Ali Abogwa your Excellency, I have come to pay court to your daughter."

The Sultan saw a strapping handsome man bowing before him. "I'm delighted to meet your Prince Ali, this is my Royal Vizier, and he is delighted also".

Jafar had a very puckered look on his face as he echoed. "I'm ecstatic". He pushed forward between the two of them "Your Highness this boy is no more then any of the others; it's a waste of time."

The Sultan brushed him aside, "What is this wonderful thing"? He inquired of the Prince and pointing to the carpet.

"It's a magic carpet your Excellency, would you like to try it out"? The Prince inquired.

The Sultan nodded and stepped onto the carpet.

"You had better sit down for the first time, near the front is best." Prince Ali informed him, when the Sultan complied the carpet shot into the air and carried the Sultan around the room scaring Iago from his master's shoulders and causing him to fly into a marble column in his haste to get out of the way.

While the Sultan was occupied Jafar confronted the Prince. "Were did you say you were from Prince Abooboo".

"It's Abogwa and it's very far away, I am sure you have never been there".

"I have traveled quite a bit, try me". Jafar was suspicious of the Prince and wanted to prove him false.

The Sultan came back before Aladdin had to answer.

"Such a magnificent device my boy, I am sure the Princess will like you."

Jafar cut in "Your Highness he is no better suited for her than any of the others, what makes you think she will like him

Ali answered for himself. "Because I am a Prince and once she meets me she won't be able to resist."

All heard the angry voice that snapped three heads around.

"So you are deciding me feelings for me are you, well I don't want to see you Prince Ali, you can just go home". The Princess stomped angrily out of the room. Two sets of eyes were glued to those rolling hips in the Turquoise pants. One with thoughts of having those cheeks spread wide before him as he buried his cock in her tight little ass hole and the other wishing he could caress and love those wonderful hills of pleasure.

Jasmine stalked angrily into her chambers, why did everyone want to tell her what to do. The day had started out so pleasantly. Like all royal and highborn girls she was instructed in the arts of love from the time her monthly flow started. In her eighteenth year she was well versed in the arts of pleasing a man and how a man can please a woman. She was still a Virgin, which status must not change until she was married but she had been taught every thing about how to satisfy.

She was taught how to exercise her inner muscles and make her unclaimed sleeve ripple and squeeze at her command, she was taught the art of Fellato using exquisitely hand carved replicas of the male organ, the soft balsa wood was covered with lambskin to create the foreskin and loose skin covering of the shaft.

There were various sizes used over the years and she could take even the largest that was eight inches without gagging and use her throat muscles to clamp down. She knew the exquisite pleasure of taking a fake cock in her tight little asshole while busy fingers worked over her engorged clit until she had a shuddering climax. This was accomplished by one of the female servants strapping on a remarkable replica of a mans cock and fucking her ass while she played with the Princess's throbbing bud.

She was taught the body shaking pleasure of having her pussy eaten by more of her female servants. They showed her all the places on a mans body that liked to be licked and sucked and stroked. The male servants were used as an illustration and the female servants did the exhibition. No male was allowed to touch her but they weren't sorry, her female servants were all very pretty and accomplished as lovers so they got to get some good fucking while the Princess watched. They even had short dildos that would enter and stretch her vulva and labia to show the pleasurable feel of being entered. All made sure they never penetrated too far. The one that tore that precious hymen would lose their head quickly.

That morning she had watched one of her servant girls as she sucked one of the brawny guards. She was illustrating how much a man liked his balls fondled and licked along with the hot feel of a wet mouth fully encompassing his meat. She was on her hands and knees watching this while another female servant was on her knees behind her fucking her tight asshole with a fake six inch well oiled cock. The servant girl's hands were around the firm hips and both hands were playing with the Jasmine's wet cunt. One hand running fingers up and around the swollen vulva and the other plucking and rubbing the hard nub set at the top of her slit.

The visual stimulation and pleasure tingling fucking brought on a beautiful orgasm that had her closing her eyes as her body shoved back against the soft thighs behind her and her cunt spasmed to send waves of womanly cum flowing out to run down the inside of her thighs. Her ass sleeve was gripping and squeezing the soft skin and wood of the fake cock.

She had just finished bathing when she heard the trumpets and went out on her balcony to see what was going on. She saw the Prince approaching and had to admit his entrance was impressive, she couldn't see what he looked like very well he was to far away. With a sigh she figured she would have to go meet him but he would probably turn out to be like all the rest. Her assessment seemed to be correct when she entered the room to find the three men trying to decide her fate. Now her day was ruined and her mood was stormy as she stroked the soft fur of her beloved tiger and inwardly railed at the fate that was hers.

Jafar was ecstatic the Princess had stormed off; the Sultan however patted Prince Ali on the back and encouraged him. "Now, now give her some time to settle down and then we will try again." The Prince bowed and said that would be fine. He was taken down out of the throne room and led to another part of the Palace for visiting dignitaries.

As Jafar made his way back to his chambers he spoke to Iago "I think it is time for Prince Abooboo to disappear Iago."

As evening fell Aladdin was pacing back and forth in the spacious bedchamber. The Blue Djin was hovering above the lamp as his master talked. "I've got to convince her to marry me; you have to help me Djinni."

"Tell her the truth young master." The Djin replied.

"No, if she knew I was just a street rat she would laugh at me. I have to impress her, I must be regal."

Aladdin straightened his clothes; the lamp was nestled in a pocket in his turban as he settled it on his head

"How do I look"?

With a sigh the Blue Djin started back into his lamp as a thin stream of blue smoke "Like a Prince young master."

Aladdin settled on the carpet and they flew up to the third story balcony that was the Princess Jasmine's quarters. He stepped over the rail and called softly "Princess Jasmine". He could see her sitting beside the huge tiger and stroking its neck.

Jasmine heard the call from her balcony and it surprised her, how could anyone get up there. "Who is it"? She said as she got up. Rajah shot to his feet his chest rumbling in a low growl.

"It's me Prince Ali; I want to talk to you." Aladdin watched her part the gossamer curtain and she came out with the big tiger stalking forward menacingly. He was once again struck by her amazing beauty and grace, his heart pounded harder at just the sight of her in the tight bandeau holding two luscious globes the shoulder straps pulled down over her upper arms to reveal the soft golden roundness of her shoulders. Billowing pants that hugged a small waist and flared out over perfectly curved hips and ended at trim golden ankles. Her long black hair was a thick cloud swinging behind her bound by two turquoise bands. His cock couldn't help but start to harden at such a sight.

"Well I don't want to talk to you" she stood tapping one dainty foot as Rajah approached the Prince throat rumbling with warning. Aladdin jumped back up on the rail of the balcony and took off his turban waving it at the approaching tiger trying to keep him away.

Jasmine was watching with amusement as Rajah stalked the Prince, she knew he wouldn't really attack unless she told him to. Her eyes widened suddenly as she saw the Prince's head fully revealed for the first time. That thick shock of unruly black hair reminded her of the boy from the street, but it couldn't be, he had been beheaded. Hesitantly she asked "Have we met somewhere before, like the marketplace"?

Rajah hearing the change in his mistress tone turned and moved back to her side.

Aladdin quickly replaced his headdress and stepped down from the rail. "Oh no that would be impossible; I have servants that go to the marketplace for me, even servants that go for my servants, so no I don't think so."

The Blue Djin was buzzing around Aladdin's head in the form of a bee, "Tell her she is magnificent, beautiful, wonderful."

Aladdin quickly said "You're very beautiful".

Jasmine cocked her head, so he was going to be just like all the rest. "Yes and I am rich too."

Aladdin alas did not realize the trap he was falling into "Yes you are."

Jasmine was slowly approaching the Prince. "The daughter of a mighty Sultan."

Aladdin nodded not even realizing what he was saying as the beauty swivel hipped her way up to Aladdin bringing her face close to his. Her fingers walked up his chin over his lips to his nose as she said "a fine prize for any Prince."

The feel of those soft fingers on his skin took away any rational thoughts Aladdin might have had. He just automatically replied "yes a fine prize for any Prince like me."

He was quickly brought out of his stupor when Jasmine pulled his turban down over his eyes and said angrily "I AM NOT A PRIZE TO BE WON" she stalked off saying "why don't you just jump off the balcony."

The Djinni was back as the bee buzzing around Aladdin's head, "Do something young master, you can't let her leave."

"Right" Aladdin said.

Jasmine turned as she heard him say something "What did you say"?

"Uh you're right, your not a prize to won, you should be free to make your own choice." Aladdin said and with that he jumped up on the rail and stepped off.

Jasmine was horrified, just when someone realized her right to her choice they commit suicide and it was by her order. "No, wait" she cried knowing it was too late as he disappeared from sight.

Aladdin's head popped back up over the balcony "What, what" he said in confusion.

Jasmine was stunned her face quizzical as she asked "How, did you do that"? She reached the balcony and saw he was standing on a carpet floating in the air.

Aladdin floated up so the carpet was even with the balcony, "It's a magic carpet, do you want to go for a ride, get out of the Palace"?

Jasmine was unsure about riding a flying piece of carpet. "I don't know".

Aladdin reached his hand down to her and with a smile said "Do you trust me".

That gesture and phrase made her look at him closely "What did you say"?

Once again he smiled "I said do you trust me"?

Her heart was beating a little faster as she gazed into those dark eyes. Surely there were not two men that looked like that and spoke so alike. "Yesssss I do." She replied as she took his hand and let him pull her up onto the carpet. He sat cross-legged on the carpet and she sat beside him holding onto his broad shoulders. She was almost sure now this was the same boy she had met in the street.

They flew out over the dessert and then way up about the clouds, when Jasmine looked down the moon shinning on the white clouds made it look like a shiny silver carpet moving under them. They visited different countries, Jasmines mind was whirling at how they could travel so far and yet it seemed like very little time had passed. She sat next to Prince Ali the feel of his strong body next to hers making her heart flutter, she had never felt this way before, She looked into his handsome face and he turned with dark sparkling eyes to give her a wide white smile. She snuggled a little closer.

Aladdin was afraid to move, her supple warm body pressed against his side had his blood boiling; he didn't want to spoil it by saying anything that might be taken wrong. They flew over the country of the oriental people and they were having a street party with paper lanterns and long paper dragons. They had somehow made things that shot up into the sky and burst into many colored sparkles. Aladdin guided the carpet down to the top of a tall building.

As they sat watching the fiery display in the sky with Jasmine snuggled under Aladdin's arm she innocently said. "To bad Abu couldn't come along."

The carpet that was lying beside Aladdin was instantly alert and his tassels formed hands that were shaking no. Aladdin didn't pay attention; all his thoughts were on the warm body pressed next to his one of her firm tits digging into his side. "Aw he doesn't like flying or loud noises anyway".

Jasmine sat up quickly and jerked the turban from Aladdin's head. "You AREthe boy from the market, why did you lie to me. Did you think I am stupid, that I wouldn't find out"?

"Yes, I mean no I don't think you're stupid, I was hoping you wouldn't find out" he stammered.

"Tell me the truth, who are you"? She demanded.

"The truth" he hesitated "well the truth is I sometimes go to the marketplace in disguise, you know just have to get out of the Royal eye for a while, you know how it is".

She nodded "yes I know". She once again snuggled against him only this time she raised her face to his and like a magnet his lips were drawn to her soft petals.

His senses reeled at the feel of those softly squirming lips sliding along his. The kiss deepened and their mouths opened trying to devour each other. Jasmine's senses were soaring. She had been taught how to kiss but her teachers were women. The power and manly strength of the lips now wetly sliding along hers were having a devastating effect on her body, when his strong tongue glided over her teeth she opened her mouth wide to accept the probing muscle in.

Aladdin was lost in a sea of lust, the taste and feel of her lips, the dainty pink tongue caressing his inside her mouth made him clasp her soft shoulders in his hands and pull her tighter against him. The kiss lasted long and finally both had to break apart so they could breathe. Both hearts were hammering as they gazed into each other's eyes.

Aladdin wanted to say so many things but didn't know how to even start "Jasmine I...".

A perfectly manicured finger touched his lips stopping him. "I know" was all she said.

With a sigh he released her. "I better be getting you back to the Palace".

She knew he was right but she hated for this moment to end. She leaned her head against his chest the midnight hair tickling his chin and nose as he nuzzled the perfumed softness. They stayed that way for a moment then he led her over to the rug and they started their journey home, Jasmine sat in front of him between his outstretched legs and his strong arms enclosed her holding her tight against him. His head lay on her shoulder, his cheek pressed to hers. Neither knew how to say what they were feeling for the first time so they just enjoyed the warmth and feel of their bodies pressed close together.

The carpet let her off at the balcony then lowered down so Aladdin's face was about even with hers.

"Well Princess I guess I will see you tomorrow". Aladdin was gazing into those sparkling golden eyes.

"Yes Ali I look forward to it." Jasmine eye's wandered over his handsome face, neither wanted to part but didn't know how to not to.

The carpet was tired of all the tomfoolery with a ripple he raised Aladdin's feet making him shoot forward to Jasmine, Their lips met with a bump and they were lost. Once again they savored the taste and feel of each other but this time Jasmine clutched at Aladdin's shoulders pulling him up and over the railing to stand with her. They were entwined as the kiss deepened, hearts pounded, breath became ragged and Jasmine could feel the moistness start to flood her pussy. She also felt the hardening column of flesh pressing against her belly. Both knew that before they parted again that they would know the others body.

Once inside her chambers she led him to the bed, Rajah was lying beside it and looked on without making a sound; he could tell by his mistress action and scent that she was perfectly alright. Aladdin removed his turban laying it in a place he could see from the bed.

He kissed her hair, ran light kisses over her forehead and on each long lashed eyelid. Over her cheeks and nibbled on each delicate ear. Under the line of her jaw and nibbled on the smooth neck before coming back to press his lips to hers, both sets now swollen and soft as they gently dueled tongues.

His hands were busy slipping her arms up through the shoulders of her top, a feat that she gladly helped in. Once they were free he cupped each silk covered mound before slipping the cups down over her firm breasts. Their light brown areole were swollen with desire and the thick rubbery tips were standing out prominently. He trailed kissed down her neck and over her upper chest, down the valley between those pear shaped beauties and then took a straining tip in his mouth to suck and lick with increasing ardor.

Jasmine hugged his head to her, the fiery trail of his lips sending tingles all over her body she gasped aloud at the hot wetness that enclosed the tip of her breasts, the gentle suck and flicking tongue making her hotter and hotter.

Aladdin worshipped her breasts for a while trailing kisses from one to the other and sucking, licking and massaging the wonderful treasures until her nipples were so hard they almost hurt. He dropped to his knees before her and once again made a trail of kissing and nibbling over her upper abdomen, down to her in sloping waist and over the flat stomach stopping to run his tongue around her navel tugging gently on the diamond that nestled over the cute indention.

Jasmine could only sigh with pleasure as he stimulated her body, her eyes closed she was lost in the delicious feel of his hands and mouth on her.

Now Aladdin was licking and kissing along the beginning swell of her full hips his fingers crooking inside the waist band of the turquoise pants. He slid them down; she helped wiggling those luscious hips from side to side. He followed the soft cloth down with his lips and was surprised when his tongue encountered soft curls.

Jasmine as a way of rebellion refused to have herself shaved completely like good high classed women did.

She had a rectangular strip of midnight hair extending up several inches and a thick moss that surrounded her pussy to run almost back to her pink puckered asshole.

For Aladdin this was great, he was never fond of the tradition of shaved pudenda, it seemed most men wanted their women to look like young girls, he liked his to look like a woman. He continued his journey with his hands stripping her pants down where she stepped out of them. He nuzzled his nose in the long soft curls inhaling her perfumed woman fragrance, he nipped at her lower belly capturing curly hair in his lips and pulling back until it slid out of his tightly held lips.

Jasmine loved it her hands were running through his thick black locks, she was worried about how he would feel about her feathery mound but he seemed to love it so she gave a happy sigh and pressed her lower body closer to his face.

They were close to the bed so Aladdin took a shapely hip in each hand and eased her back to sit on the edge of the bed. Once she was seated Aladdin ran his hands along the golden smoothness of her upper thighs taking in the lustful sight of the naked Princess before him. He caressed her rounded knees and gently pried them apart to reveal the black haired treasure before him. There was a pink line in the middle of that curly forest, Jasmine's excitation had flowered those tight lips open slightly and they glistened with her moisture in the midst of a midnight oval. It was like finding an oasis in the desert Aladdin thought as he started sweet little kisses down the inside of one thigh. The other was going to have to go begging this time because he knew when he reached her heated core he would stay right there.

Jasmine's breath was ragged and harsh; she had been taught all these things and experienced them before but not like this. This man's touch was like hot embers, his lips and tongue sending shooting pleasure throughout her body at every caress. Her legs were quivering, the flesh shivering as his lips traveled up her soft inner thigh toward her welcoming cave. Her vulva yearned for the touch of those lips and she slid forward slightly to make that journey shorter.

Aladdin could actually feel the heat increase as he neared that glistening core. He nuzzled in the softness where leg meets body on each side of those hairy lips. His hot kisses on the tender flesh making Jasmine flex those perfect legs. Now he was face to face with the sweetest pussy he had ever seen, Jasmine trembled at his hot breath blowing through the curls surrounding her vulva.

He gently kissed those glistening lips like he did her mouth, his lips squirming and sliding along the moist flesh of her vulva. His tongue slipped into the slightly opened lips to lick around in a circle then on to part her labia and entered that hot slick muscle of pleasure.

Her legs tensed at the intense pleasure his thick tongue was causing her "Ohhhhhhh" it came out in a soft gasp. She didn't know if it was just because it was a man's tongue caressing her for the first time or if it was because of her feelings for him but what she had experienced before was nothing to the feel and pleasure he was giving her.

Aladdin supped at the core of her being for a long time, his hands wandered over the firm hips, up a tiny waist and cupped and massaged her breasts teasing the nipples before making the journey back down.

Her pussy was overflowing with the woman juice his stimulation was causing. Aladdin was intoxicated with the taste and smell of her, his tongue never still as it plundered her insides, he reached as far into her as he could and he encountered the thin membrane that protected her inner channel. He fucked her with his tongue then moved his lips up to suckle at the swollen knob of flesh nestled at the top of her slit. His sucking on that throbbing knob along with his fingers caressing just inside her vulva gave Jasmine her first orgasm, and oh it was a good one. Her body heaved as she cried out in a softly strangled voice making little "ohhhhhhs and Ahhhhhs" Her legs trembled and tightened around his head her hands gripped tightly in his thick locks.

Aladdin savored every delicious drop of her nectar, his face lips and cheeks were smeared with her glistening juice and the soft hair surrounding her treasure was damp and matted. Her swollen outer lips were visibly throbbing and sensitive to his still moving tongue. Jasmine let herself drop back on the bed her energy momentarily drained but Aladdin never stopped, he stayed glued to her still flowing core and started to gently guide her body back up that path of orgasmic bliss. As he worked, sucking and licking harder and faster her head bounced from side to side, hands' clutching the bedcover tightly as the fire was built in her lower body. Her beautiful face was a mask of primitive lust, eye's tightly shut, and mouth opened in a silent wail of pleasure, her face was flushed and perspiring. Aladdin could feel the contractions starting on his plundering tongue and he once again attacked that pulsing bud with first gentle then increasing suction.

Jasmine had to bite her swollen lower lip until it almost bleed to keep from screaming out the explosive pleasure her body was going through, her legs heaved up and crossed over his broad shoulders pulling him tight against her squirming center, her belly rippled with the ecstasy it was going through.

As Jasmine's drained body came slowly down from its climatic high her legs relaxed their tight grip on Aladdin's head. She lifted her head weakly to see his smiling face looking at her over the damp black curls, his lips, cheeks and chin smeared with her juice and a few black curly hairs.

"My Princess you are a delightful feast". He spoke.

"And you my Prince are the best feaster I know" she smiled at him.

Even though she had just climaxed twice her body wanted more, she had to see this man naked to run her hands over his body and she grinned, maybe return the pleasure he had just given her.

"Come my Prince let me see the man you are." Her seductive voice, desire filled eyes and slim beckoning finger galvanized him into action. He stood and removed the purple lined cloak then the white shirt and pants, he never wore the bulky undergarments that most men wore and his half hard cock lay in a curved bow when he stood up.

Jasmine's eyes caressed his body starting at the dark shock of hair, handsome face and strong neck, they traveled down to wide shoulders and muscled chest covered only by a small V of dark curly hair. They continued on down a hard trim waist and stomach, dark curly hair started a few inches above his cock and her eyes widened and stopped when they reached that area. His cock was throbbing with the beat of his heart and what a cock it was. It was thick and long. A slightly darker shade then his body it was smooth with thick veins clearly visible, not bloated gnarly things but slightly raised ridges that were the same color as the rest of his cock. The head was beginning to emerge from the protecting foreskin, a round cone that was surrounded by the slowly retreating foreskin. A magnificent specimen of virile manhood she thought.

Her eyes never left that slowly rising, swaying stalk of manmeat as he crawled up beside her on the bed. He took her in his arms as they lay side by side. Exquisite golden feminine body nestled against the sculpted hard muscled male body.

Their kiss was once again sweet and building in desire. Jasmine once again felt her body responding to the masculine body beside her, one dainty hand crept down to enclose the thick muscle throbbing against her belly. She couldn't quite touch thumb and finger it was so thick. She slid her palm over the head feeling the drop of precum that was emerging from the slit in the end. She took fingers and thumb sliding the foreskin off the now darkened crown. A blood filled bell shaped mass with a large ridge going almost all the way around. Aladdin gave a guttural groan of pleasure at the feel of her hands on him.

"Roll over on your back my Prince, let me feast at your fountain" she whispered huskily.

Aladdin did as he was told his cock standing up from his belly at a 45 degree angle. His balls were like a round orange attached to the base of his cock. Jasmine kneeled by his side on folded knees. She took in the sight of this magnificent male specimen. The long cock had to be 8 inches already and she could tell it wasn't fully hard yet. Oh she longed to feel it throbbing deep inside her pussy but that couldn't be allowed.

She grasped his warm stalk and started a slow stroking, rolling the loose skin up over the flared head and then down to stretch it tight against the outswell of his balls. Watching his face as she stroked him slowly she saw the lustful pleasure reflected in his eyes. Lowering her head but never taking her eyes off his face she let the tip of her little pink tongue swirl around the head, first with the hood covering it and then on the spongy surface of the exposed glans.

Aladdin had many women suck his cock but the feel of her tongue and the sensual look in her eyes was like a bolt of lightning running over his body. She took his cock in several inches tightening those full lips around his shaft and running back up to kiss the tip and explore his slit with her tongue. Her folded body was perpendicular to Aladdins as she bent over to suckle him. He reached down to cup a pert breast in his hand, he rolled it around and massged the smooth feeling globe.

Jasmine applied all the skills she had learned on the fake cocks but this was oh so much better, the soft feel of the loose skin sliding over the firm muscle beneath was a thrill for her and the manly taste sent her senses soaring. She was getting the drops of precum now and although slightly salty she loved it. It was her first actual taste of a man and she wanted more.

Her long hair was thrown over the shoulder away from Aladdin so he could watch her, that beautiful face taking in his cock, her full lips stretched tight around the big shaft looked so lust inspiring. When she looked at him from under those long dark eyelashes he could only grin with pleasure. The sight and feel of her lips sliding up and down his hard rod was more exquisite then anything he had ever felt.

Jasmine used her hands skillfully, stroking his shaft and fondling those big cum filled balls. She stopped sucking his cock, licked down the bottom of the shaft and took as much of one side of the big sack in her mouth as she could. Her flicking tongue and gentle suction had Aladdin's body tensing and a guttural groan was drawn from his open mouth. While she was sucking his balls one hand was busy swiftly stroking the long rod in a quick rhythm. Soon she went back to taking his long cock deep into her throat. She had learned to take an eight inch dildo into her throat but his cock was longer and she had to work at it to get it all in her mouth. But she did, those full wet lips mashed into his dark hair.

Aladdin's body was on fire. She was giving him pleasure beyond his imagination, the tight constriction on her throat and hands working over his balls and the shaft as she moved to lick and suck at his glans had his body tense and his ass lifting off the bed. She could feel the pulsing and throbbing of his wonderful cock deep in her throat and she increased the pressure of her lips and hands watching the display of ecstasy play over his face. She had his balls cupped in one hand and felt the contraction and pump of the first load; she could feel his meaty cock swell in her throat and then the hot spurt of thick cum fire deep in her throat. She backed off just holding the head in her tightly gripping lips and tasted the next hard shot of thick white man seed. It was hot and salty, she loved it. Swallowing and sucking she drained his pulsing balls of everything it could pump.

She kept sucking and licking until Aladdin knowing he had no more to give at this moment tugged gently on the pear shaped orb he had be squeezing. She took one last lick at the slit in his wet glans and moved up to snuggle under his arm. Aladdin pulled her to him tightly and kissed her deeply his tongue delving in her soft mouth and hands roaming over her lithe body. As his body cooled they continued to play, his big hands caressing over her breasts, taut stomach and down through the dark curls to ease into a very wet cave.

Jasmine took the long bundle of her hair and started gently running it over his body. The soft sensuous feel giving him goose bumps and his cock that only lost a little stiffness started straightening out hard again.

As their heated ardor built Jasmine moaned into his passion swollen lips, "I need you in my body my Prince, my virginity is for my wedding night but there is another way."

Aladdin knew what she meant and he was eager to bury his aching cock in her full heart shaped ass. Jasmine rolled over on her back legs lifting and spreading, she pulled them back to her shoulders bringing her ass up off the bed. Aladdin once again dipped his head between her legs sucking and tonguing her until she was softly moaning and her pretty little hole was dripping with honey. He smeared it over the head of his cock and worked it with first one then two fingers deep in her pink little star. She touched him on one shoulder and pointed to a jar on a nearby stand. He found that it was full of scented oil. He used this to fully lubricate her and his cock.

He rose to his knees and used one hand to position the shiny head of his cock tight against her puckered little hole. Giving a steady forward shove he tried to invade her back channel. At first he thought he was just too big to get in as the tight little hole resisted his efforts to open it up even as slick as the oil was.

Jasmine had never had anything that big up her ass but she wanted it bad so she tried to relax and concentrate like she was taught. With an almost audible pop the big head spread her open. She groaned with the dull pain of his entry.

Aladdin stopped with just the head inside. He moved one hand to her slightly open vulva and started rubbing the hard little nub at the top. As he gave pleasure to her cunt Jasmine forgot about the dull ache in her ass and actually started hunching up to him. Aladdin slowly inch by inch buried his cock in her hot tightness. He had never had anything constrict him so tightly. The foreskin was pushed back so far and so tight it almost hurt, but it was such a delicious hurt.

He started a slow stroking, long out and in strokes, her tightness drawing his precum quickly, the added lubrication along with the oil made the going much more sensuous and easy. Now they were working together on the strokes as she held her legs back to give him full access to her heated body. Aladdin was propped over her on his stiffened arms only his muscular ass moving, their eyes were glued to each other's countenance watching the pleasure, lust, and desire as it flowed across perspiring faces.

Aladdin let his body down on Jasmine's holding most of his weight off of her with one elbow; his lips found hers in a passion driven kiss. His other arm slid back between their heaving bellies to work over her pulsing clit. The hot feel of passion driving both bodies to work harder as they gave each other exquisite pleasure.

Jasmine's soft moans into Aladdin's' mouth fueled his ardor even more as the overwhelming flush of impending orgasm raced through his body. His fingers slick with her juice was rubbing her throbbing nub and sending red sheets of hot lust over her entire body. Her body tensed, drawn taut like a fully drawn bow and then exploded in ecstasy, writhing and squirming beneath his pounding body.

Aladdin felt the hot gush of her honey as it burst from her flowered vulva and the rippling throbbing of both her ass channel and cunt. The already tight sleeve trying to mash his cock into a small tube.

With a loud groan of his own into her willing mouth he drove his hips downward and locked them as his balls pumped out another load of hot cum far up into her bowels. She could feel every spurt and each only increased her climax. After his balls emptied he collapsed on her but still holding most of his weight off with his elbows. Their kiss that was so deep and passionate now became tender and loving. Finally he pulled his softening cock from her still clasping ass and lay beside her. He was filled with love as well as desire for this exquisite beauty breathing heavily beside him.

"My Princess I" he started.

She shushed him with a delicate finger across his lips. "I know my Prince, I will inform my father that I haven chosen my husband."

They kissed deeply again before he sighed "I guess I had better go before the guards discover me here and I lose my head before I claim my bride."

Aladdin dressed and with a last gentle kiss went out to the balcony to step on the carpet and slowly disappear with a big grinning wave.
Chapter 4
Home | Top | Clvfan's Page |   Feedback to author


Home | Clvfan's Page « Aladdin and the Magic Lamp Index « Previous - Settings
Chapter 4
Posted: January 21, 2006 - 04:01:42 pm
?

As Aladdin entered his chambers he was on cloud nine. Only in his dreams had he ever imagined the most beautiful woman in the world and the Princess to boot would fall in love with him. It looked like things were finally going his way for a change.

His happy thoughts were interrupted suddenly as rough hands grabbed his arms from behind and he was roughly shoved to the floor, his struggles were to no avail. There were four of Jafar's henchmen holding him down. He quit his struggles when the snake headed staff thudded down next to his head. The long leathery face of Jafar was bent over smiling down at him, if you could call that evil snarl a smile.

"You have overstayed your welcome boy." He turned walking out of the room. "Take him where he will never be found" he tossed over his shoulder at his thugs. His sentiment echoed by the demon riding his shoulder "Where he will never be found". That's the last thing Aladdin heard as one of the thugs hit him in the back of the head with a wooden club.

They carried him out of the palace being careful not to be seen then they tied him to a horse so he wouldn't fall off and took him a couple of hours up into the mountains to a large deep lake. Taking him from the horse they locked a fifty pound ball to his leg with a chain and tossed him off an overhanging cliff into the cold waters below.

The shock of hitting the cold water brought Aladdin around. It only took a second for him to understand in the darkness that he was in deep water, hands tied behind him, a gag in his mouth and a large weight attached to one leg and pulling him down. He felt his turban come off his head and felt it brush his face as he hit bottom, he knew it must be close and he struggled to find it in the darkness.

The lamp had fell out of it's pocket and was laying in the sandy bottom as Aladdin's struggles weakened, from lack of air he sank to the bottom his hands falling on the lamp in a caressing manner.

The Blue Djin shot out in a stream of blue smoke. He immediately saw Aladdin's predicament. He lifted his body "Oh come on young master you have to wish for me to help you, come on say save my life", Aladdin's head fell forward. "I'll take that for a yes." Immediately Aladdin was on the ground at the top of the cliff, with a touch of his finger the water disappeared from Aladdin's lungs. Coughing and hacking he looked up into the concerned countenance of the djin.

There was relief on the Djin's face and in his heart, he had come to like this young boy, there was much in him to be admired.

It was just after daybreak and Jasmine was humming a happy tune as she brushed out her long lustrous hair. She had dismissed her servants that usually did this chore for her; she just wanted to be alone with her thoughts of the strong young body and long cock that had pleasured her so well just a few hours ago.

There was a knock at the entrance to her chambers; she heard her father's voice although it sounded strained.

"Jasmine I have picked a husband for you".

Thinking that Aladdin had already made his way to the palace she quickly went to the entrance. Her father was standing just outside. "You will marry Jafar". He said tonelessly.

She was shocked "Jafar, I will never marry Jafar, I have chosen Prince Ali".

Jafar's ugly countenance peeked around the corner "Sorry Princess he has gone, never to return I think".

Her mind was in a whirl, Ali wouldn't have left, and she knew in her heart he felt the same for her as she did him.

Jafar took her soft hand in his skinny rough one. "Speechless I see, a trait much desired in a wife."

Before he could say anything else. There was a voice at the balcony entrance.

"You are much in error Jafar, I haven't gone anywhere."

Jafar knew he was caught but he tried to persuade the Sultan with his staff. "She will marry me." He growled holding the staff close to the Sultan's eyes.

"You will marry Jafar". The Sultan intoned.

"Father what are you saying, I am marrying Prince Ali.

Aladdin had seen the red beams shooting from the staff. "I'll tell you what's going on." He grabbed the staff from the gaunt Vizier's hand and broke the head on the floor. "He has been controlling your father with this staff."

When the staff was broken the Sultan shook his head awakening from his trance. "What, Jafar my trusted Vizier, you traitor, GUARDS, GUARDS."

Before Jafar could react two guards rushed in and grabbed him, as they were dragging him away he looked at Aladdin with hatred but that look turned quickly to surprise when he saw that Aladdin's turban was hooked in his sash and he could see the spout of the lamp sticking out from it's concealed hiding place.

As he was being ushered away he reached into a pocket of his cloak and withdrew a vial of some liquid. Shouting over his shoulder "this isn't the last of this boy", he threw the vial down and a large cloud of gray smoke arose to cover the three men. When the smoke cleared the two guards were standing there coughing but Jafar was nowhere to be seen.

The Sultan immediately sent guards throughout the palace and the city looking for Jafar.

He turned to his daughter, "You have made a decision my daughter"?

"Yes I will marry Prince Ali". She laughed and stepped close to Aladdin where they embraced each other.

"Splendid, splendid, you shall be married immediately, Oh I am so happy I could kiss you" this last said to Aladdin, "but I will leave that to my daughter. You're a smart boy and you will make a splendid Sultan. Come my daughter we must begin the preparations". With that he started hurrying out.

Jasmine hugged Aladdin tightly, gave him a soft lingering kiss then with a smile she turned to follow her scurrying father. She didn't notice the thoughtful look Aladdin had on his face.

Aladdin returned to his chambers and tried to sleep but it wouldn't come, his thoughts were deep and troublesome.

Deep under the palace in his secret chamber Jafar was pacing back and forth, Iago was lamenting the fact that all their plans were ruined and how were they going to get away.

"Quiet Iago, Prince Ali has the lamp; he is no more than that street rat Aladdin". Jafar stopped his pacing and looked at his ruffled familiar. "And you are going to relieve him of it".

"Me, what can I do". Iago squeaked.

"I will tell you my feathered friend". Jafar proceeded to lay out his plan for his cohort.

The next morning Aladdin got the lamp out and rubbed gently, in a haze of blue smoke the Djin appeared he was laughing and flying around the room. "You have won young master; everything you hoped for has come true. Now you can release me like you said."

"NO, I can't" Aladdin sighed.

"Sure you can, just say Blue Djin I wish you to be free". It's easy you can do it. The Djinni was hovering over Aladdin with hopeful expression on his face.

"I can't, they expect me to be Sultan, I am just a street rat, without you I am nothing, I can't free you, don't you see". Aladdin was torn, he wanted to let the Djin go, he liked him and wanted him to be free but he was afraid he wasn't up to the task of being a Sultan.

"Yes I see young master, you have lied to everybody else, guess I was feeling a little left out. Why don't you tell the Princess the truth, I don't think it will make any difference to her". The Djinni said

"No I can't tell her the truth". Aladdin declared.

Can I go back to my bottle now"? The Blue Djin replied in a toneless voice.

Aladdin was mad, mostly at himself but the Djinni was who he took it out on, "Fine go back to your old lamp see if I care." When the blue smoke was quickly drawn into the lamp he threw a pillow at it covering it up on the bed. He was sitting with his head in his hands when he heard Jasmine's voice calling from outside.

"Ali, come see what I have for you this morning".

Still upset with himself and over the disagreement with the Djinni he didn't notice that the voice wasn't quite like Jasmine's musical tones.

Picking up his turban and going to the entrance of his chambers he didn't see her anywhere. "Where are you Jasmine"?

"Over here in the garden, hurry Ali". The voice called.

As he made his way to the garden he didn't see the shadow flying from the garden. Iago had been watching at a distance through a window and had seen the lamp covered by the pillow. As Aladdin was hurrying to the garden Iago flew in the window and picked the lamp up in his claws. He flew out thinking of the fine way's Jafar could reward him for bringing him the lamp.

Aladdin didn't see Jasmine anywhere, puzzled he turned back to his chambers, and about halfway there he saw Jasmine coming from the main palace. As from the first the sight of her took his breath away. She was wearing a turquoise gown, the sleeves were off the shoulders and the skirt was tight to her small waist, flared out over her rounded hips and fell in a shimmering wave to the tops of her shoes. Her midnight hair was loose in a flowing wave that fell over her back like a living cape.

"There you are my Prince, come, father is getting ready to announce our engagement". She took his arm and guided him back into the palace. They made their way up to the main balcony stopping just inside. The Sultan was out on the balcony greeting the large throng of people gathering before the palace.

Aladdin fighting with himself all the way over finally decided to tell her the truth, unfortunately just as he was about to start the Sultan was heard saying, "I now present to you the choice of Princess Jasmine for her husband, Prince Ali".

Jasmine gave him a quick kiss and shoved him out onto the balcony. All he could do was wave shyly at the crowd chanting his name below.

In another tower of the palace two faces were looking out, Jafar and Iago. "Look at that master how they fawn over the street rat" Iago mutters.

"Not to worry Iago", Jafar gives an evil smile and rubs the lamp. The blue smoke streams out and the Blue Djin is surprised to see it is not the young master who has summoned him. "My first wish Djinni is to be the Sultan of this country". Jafar cackled. With a sigh the Blue Djin set about making it so.

The Sultan and Jasmine had made their way back inside the palace when Jafar suddenly appeared before them, the Sultans robes were plucked from his astounded frame leaving only his soft white underpants. It seemed like they changed shape in mid air and suddenly Jafar was clothed in the White and Purple of the Sultan.

"What's the meaning of this Jafar, I order you to return my clothes." The Sultan sputtered indignantly.

Iago perched on Jafar's shoulder laughed. "There is a new order now and a new Sultan".

Jafar gave the two an evil grin, "Now you shall bow to me".

Jasmine spoke up loudly 'We will never bow to you Jafar".

Her response inflamed Jafar's anger "If you won't bow before the Sultan you will cower before a sorcerer". He rubbed the lamp and the Blue Djin appeared. "My second wish is to be the most powerful sorcerer in the world".

Reluctantly the Blue Djin pointed his finger at the gaunt figure and golden fire shot from it. Jafar could feel the power as it filled his empty soul and he loved it. He made a gesture and a new golden staff with the red eyed serpent head appeared in his hand. Pointing it at the two figures he mumbled a spell and they were engulfed in a shimmering glow of power. Using his will he forced the two to bow before him.

Aladdin had heard the commotion as he was ahead of them around the corner. Turning to rush back he saw what was happening to his beloved "Let them go Jafar", he shouted reaching inside his turban for the lamp, and his hand encountered empty space.

Jafar pointed at Aladdin and he was caught in the same shimmering glow that the other two were, "Missing something, finder's keepers you know." He used his finger to move Aladdin through the air to hover next to him. He then brought Jasmine up to his other side. "Let me introduce you to the real Prince Abooboo" he smirked. Turning to Aladdin he gestured and Aladdin's fine clothes changed back to his worn and patched street clothes. "Your Prince is nothing but a street rat." and with another gesture he produced the large elephant that was Abu and changed him back to the monkey he was. "And his little furry friend."

Jasmine's mind was a whirl with all that was happening in the last few minutes, she didn't know what to think "Ali what is going on."

Aladdin looked at her pleadingly "I wanted to tell you but I never got the chance."

"Nor will you now boy, I think you need to take a long journey with no return." With that he moved the shimmering balls of energy containing Aladdin and Abu into an open window of one of the towers.

The magic carpet was hovering just around the corner and when it saw the two going into the window it quickly followed.

Jafar was so far into his gloating he didn't notice, he was turned to the Princess "Now he shall be gone." He turned back rolled his hands around in an intricate pattern muttering under his breath. Suddenly the tower broke away from the palace and flew up and out of sight...

The tower flew north for what seemed like to Aladdin for many hours, he suddenly felt it start on a downward journey, Abu was clinging to his shoulders and shuddering as the tower descended into a cold snowy mountainous range. It hit and skidded along slewing around throwing Aladdin and Abu out into the deep white snow.

As Aladdin's senses returned he mentally checked himself over, everything seemed to be working although some movements were a little painful. Looking around he saw Abu laying a few feet away, he scrambled over picking the limp body up. "Abu, Abu, are you alright?"

Abu like Aladdin was trying to see if everything was still in one place, he opened his eyes and gave a soft chitter to Aladdin.

Aladdin looked over at the fallen tower now lying on its side, a spot of bright color caught his eye, and it was the magic carpet trapped beneath the weight of the tower.

"Come on Abu we have got to free the carpet, they rushed over and started digging in the snow around the carpet trying to free it. As Aladdin's wits returned to him he realized he better check things out before continuing. Looking around he saw they were on a slight down slope and only fifty or so yards away was a sheer drop. "Wait Abu stop digging."

Abu stopped but it was to late, Aladdin could see the curved wall of the tower start to slowly roll forward, grabbing Abu he ran toward the edge of the cliff, Looking back over his shoulder at the rolling tower that was now starting to pick up speed he saw the open window they had entered was rolling around toward them. They had only one chance to keep from being crushed. As the tower rolled closer Aladdin moved forward slightly and about three feet to his right, he kept his eye on that open window and adjusted his body as the tower rolled closer and closer. The thick rock walls were close and he kneeled down holding Abu close to his chest. He closed his eyes expecting to feel the crushing weight of the wall roll over him any second but his calculations were good and he only felt the brushing of one edge of the window as the tower rolled over him and off into the deep chasm.

Giving a big sigh of relief they hurried over to the carpet brushing the snow and ice off. Climbing on the carpet he hollered above the wind. "Come on we have to get back to Agrabar".

After sending Aladdin on his way Jafar had the Sultan and Jasmine brought back to the royal quarters,

To make sure he wasn't to be disturbed he conjured up a company of Nubian warriors their near naked black shining bodies in sharp contrast to the white robed guards that usually watched the Sultan's chambers.

With a whispered spell the former Sultan found his arms and legs clamped in irons attached to ropes that led up to a beam over his head. From there the ropes converged on a set of pulleys that Iago sat in front of. By using his beak he could turn a crank that would make the former Sultan's arms and legs rise or lower. He enjoyed making the Sultan dance to his tune.

Jafar had much more entertaining plans for the Princess. With a thumb and finger softly stroking his scraggly goatee he looked the Princess over. She was a vision of beauty; even the fierce anger flashing from those golden eyes only entranced her attractiveness.

"Humm let's see I think those clothes have to go". He waved his hands and her turquoise garments vanished to be replaced with a dark brown bandeau. still covering her breasts it was sheer enough to see the circles of her nipples when she moved into the light just right. Her loins were covered with a tight pair of panties of the same material, so tight the crotch was pulled up between the lips of her succulent pussy, making a delicious looking camel toe.

Jafar could see the black hair through her pants. "Oh that will never do you decadent girl, for shame, don't you know a woman should be clean shaven." With that he pointed his finger and her mound was as bare as the day she was born. "Yes that's better."

Sitting himself down on the throne, he spread his skinny legs. "Now come forward Princess and worship at your masters manly staff."

Jasmine was determined not to move but Jafar crooked his finger muttering something she couldn't hear and against will with her mind screaming NO, she started moving forward.

Jafar's evil grin widened as Jasmine moved towards him. When she reached the foot of the throne he commanded "Now down on your knees Princess where you belong before your master." A thrill of power ran through him as she dropped to her knees. Opening his legs wider he further commanded "Now release my manly scepter so you may worship properly."

Jasmine's dainty hands crept up to undo the two buttons holding the opening to his trousers closed. She fished around inside and withdrew his limp gnarly shaft. Her mind was screaming in revulsion at the acts her body was committing but it was like she was watching someone else do these things.

Jasmine's hands on his cock sent tremors of delight coursing through Jafar's body "Show me the lessons you have learned at pleasing your master with your pretty mouth Princess." He watched closely as she fished his loose ball sack out of his pants, one hand wrapped around his hardening cock and the other enclosed his balls. He watched the midnight crowned head as it lowered and he felt the first touch of her tongue roll around his cockhead. The sight of the beautiful princess kneeling at his feet and taking his cock in her mouth sent a message of power and lust through Jafar's body and his cock swelled to its fullest extent.

Jasmine used all the knowledge that she had been taught and her flicking tongue, hot tight lips and gentle fingers had Jafar's body aflame with rising heat. It took only a couple of minutes before Jafar's hands were entwined in the midnight hair holding her face against his groin, his member fully embedded in her mouth.

"AhhhhhUmmmm yes Princess swallow your masters seed." He groaned as he emptied his sperm into her working mouth.

He held her to him until his cock started to soften and then let her go. She sat kneeling before him, a serene beauty, eyes downcast and a little pearl of cum at the corner of her lips. Yes this was what he craved to see, the haughty Princess brought down from her mighty perch. What further humiliation could he heap upon her before he cast her to his underlings?

He had just the thing; he called the leader of the Nubian's into the room. The dark Warrior was standing beside the two at the throne. Jafar commanded him "Show the Princess what you use to pleasure your women."

The Warrior slid his soft leather loincloth around to the side exposing a huge black cock.

"Look Princess what I have for you." Jafar cooed.

Jasmine glanced out of the corner of her eye and saw the biggest cock she had ever seen, it would have done a donkey or a pony proud. Long thick and almost as black as her hair, it had a large round head that was just peeking out of the loose foreskin.

Jafar's first thought was to let the Nubian fuck her virgin cunt, and he decided he still might do that but first he wanted to sample that tight little asshole nestled between the perfect cheeks of her ass. He needed to get hard again and he knew what would do it.

"Pleasure his manhood Princess; show him how skilled you are at oral worship." Jafar grinned evilly.

Her mind tried to resist but her body would not obey her, she turned on her knees to face the Warrior before her. One dainty hand wrapped around the thick shaft, it seemed to cover but a fraction of the length of him. Now she had both hands wrapped around his pole and was skinning the hood back and forth making the dark head emerge and disappear. She could feel the blood rushing in firming the shaft but it was just too big to rise, it just got harder and a little longer. Now she brought the head to her lips and kissed it letting her tongue probe at the slit. She heard the sharp intake of breath from the rigid warrior but no other movement.

Jafar watched the Princess's golden body kneeling at the feet of the fierce warrior; her pink lips were stretched in a wide oval as she struggled to get as much into her mouth as she could. Her hands were working up and down his now hardening cock.

It took much longer for Jasmine to get the warrior to cum; he was a much better man then his master.

Finally Jasmine felt the swelling of that dark head deep in her mouth and the pulsing of his balls in her hand. The first load was copious and almost caused her to gag but she swallowed quickly and found the rhythm of his spurts and was able to empty his huge balls of their load.

Jafar's body was once again aflame with lust at the sight of that golden throat working to swallow the Nubian's large load. He wanted his cock in that tight ass now.

As she slid the dark meat from her aching lips she heard Jafar's command. "Come here Princess and feel your master's manhood."

Turning toward him she saw he had removed his pants and sat naked from the waist down on the throne. His bony shanks and thin legs were not an attractive sight but the hard gnarled rod and long loose ball sack that rested on the throne seat were even more unappealing. Jasmine felt the air flow around her pussy and realized that with a gesture he had removed her clothing, she was naked before him He crooked his finger and she moved between his legs, his bony hands grasping her hips and turning her to face away from him.

As he pulled those round cheeks toward his upstanding rod her mind was screaming out her anguish. This was not how she wanted to lose her virginity, not to a demented man like Jafar. She felt the hard rod slid between her cheeks but it stopped at the little puckered hole now above her virgin cunt. Jafar's cock was already leaking precum and he took one hand to place the head at her nether hole. Once he had it placed he used both hands to pull her tight channel down to surround his gnarled shaft.

Jasmine experienced a dull burning pain as he pushed into her dry channel but his cock wasn't that big and using the techniques she had learned to relax her sphincter his plunges soon no longer pained her. His precum helped lubricate the way and he was working smoothly in and out.

Jafar was in heaven, her tight little ass was the best he had ever been in, and each movement of his cock was an exquisite adventure. "Now Princess show me how much you love to be impaled on my manly scepter".

Jasmine's body worked back and forth as she bent forward, using twisting motions of her hips it wasn't long before Jafar grabbed her small waist and held her tight against him as he ground his hips upwards to shoot his seed into her bowels. As his softened cock slipped from her oozing ass he shoved her forward to land on her knees. Before she could react she found herself back clothed in her brown garb and her hands manacled to a long chain that ended in Jafar's hand.

Jafar had at first intended to let the Nubian take her virginity for he knew his large cock would cause her great discomfort, then he thought about making Iago into a horse or wolf and let him take her virginity. But the feel of her body against his had him thinking second thoughts now.

Giving her what he thought was a generous smile he commanded "Take an apple from that table". He pointed to a small table with a bowl of fruit on it. When she had it in her hands he pulled the chain making her come to him using the chain to guide her hands he brought the apple to his lips where he took a bite.

"Such beauty should sit at the right hand of the most powerful being in the world". He waved his hands and a mirror bright golden crown appeared in his hands, he placed it on Jasmine's head "What do you say Princess shall we be wed and rule this world."

Jasmine was for the moment free of his enchantment and angrily shouted "I wouldn't marry you for anything". That was when a movement caught her eye at the balcony. It was Aladdin, her heart leapt in her chest but she tried not to show any emotion.

Aladdin had just arrived on the carpet and he and Abu were sneaking into the balcony, he hadn't seen any thing that had happened, when he peeked in Jafar was dragging her closer with the chain.

He saw the Sultan manacled and roped in one part of the room but a curtain divided it from the rest of the chamber, he saw Iago sitting on a table pecking at some fruit and watching Jafar. The lamp was sitting on a chair about ten feet from Jafar. He started sneaking along the walls edging toward the lamp. Abu was sneaking up on Iago.

Jasmines answer infuriated Jafar, "Oh but you will Princess." He rubbed the lamp and the Blue Djinni appeared. Jafar shouted "My final wish is for the Princess Jasmine to have an overwhelming lust for me."

The Djinni replied "I can't make anybody fall in love" this was said hopefully.

"I didn't say love you fool I said lust, now do it." The enraged sorcerer shouted.

The blue Djin sighed there was always a loophole it seems and love and lust were two different emotions so he pointed his finger at the trembling Princess reluctantly.

Iago was eating an orange and watching Jafar with Jasmine when he caught a movement out of the corner of his eye, His eye's widened when he saw Aladdin creeping up but before he could call out a hairy hand clamped his beak shut and a hairy arm wrapped around his wings. They struggled on the table.

Jasmine could see everything that was happening and a slight noise from the struggling pair caught Jafar's attention. He started to turn but a softly seductive "Jafar" made him turn his attention back to Jasmine.

"I never realized how attractive you are." She cooed and slowly batted her long lashes and gave him a sexy smile.

Jafar thought the Djinni had done his work "Oh really Princess, tell me more about myself".

His attention was drawn to the beauty as she sensuously walked toward him. She was determined to keep his attention on her until Aladdin could get the lamp. "You're so tall, dark and handsome and your beard is sooooo twisted" she husked.

The Blue Djinni was looking at his finger in confusion, he hadn't completed the action of putting a spell on the Princess, that was when he became aware of the commotion going on behind Jafar, he saw Abu wrestling with Iago on the table and Aladdin creeping up to where his lamp was. He really wanted to help Aladdin but he was powerless to do so.

Jasmine eased up close to the lewdly grinning Jafar her hand coming up to grasp his dangling cock.

Jafar was really going to enjoy putting this little bitch through her paces. He was watching her face when movement in the mirror bright crown caught his attention, glancing over he saw Aladdin almost to the lamp, he quickly grabbed his serpent staff and a beam of golden energy slammed Aladdin into the wall. "How many times do I have to kill you boy." He shouted.

Jasmine seeing Aladdin struggling in the beam grabbed the staff and tried to wrench it from Jafar's hand

Abu let Iago loose and tried to get to Jafar, He pulled the staff free of Jasmine shoving her to the floor in the process. Turning quickly he aimed and fire shot from the staff and turned Abu into a toy monkey. The carpet tried to scoop up the lamp but Jafar turned his staff on it and it quickly unraveled.

Jasmine turned and ran to try and get the lamp but Jafar was too quick. Pointing his staff at her he laughed.

"Your time has run out Princess". With that a huge hourglass appeared around her body trapping her in the bottom half where sand started running quickly down from the top.

Aladdin made a run for the lamp but Jafar caused a ring of swords to surround it. Aladdin grabbed a sword and tried to get around to Jafar. He was surrounded by a ring of fire. He glanced over at the hourglass to see Jasmine was already up to her knees in sand.

"Why don't you fight me like a man you snake" he cried.

Jafar's face appeared through the flames. A snake is it, well why don't I show you just how snake like I can be". With that he changed into a huge cobra rising forty feet above the floor, his body was bigger around then Aladdin's'.

He struck quickly but Aladdin rolled out of the way, once again and Aladdin rolled the other way. On the third strike Aladdin struck back cutting a large gash in the flared hood. With a painful howl Jafar drew back but while Aladdin's attention was on his head he quickly enwrapped Aladdin in the coils of his body.

Aladdin saw that the sand was now rising above her waist. Jafar struck once again when he thought Aladdin's attention was diverted but he received a deep cut next to his eye, Recoiling he released Aladdin and attempted to flee out the window but Aladdin jumped to the window and with a mighty heave drove the sword deep into Jafar's head. Jafar howled in anguish and went limp.

Aladdin ran to the hourglass where the sand was now up to Jasmine's shoulders. Before he could smash the glass he was wrapped up in the coils of the snake Jafar. The wide head was looming above and the hissing voice rang in his ears. "You didn't think you could defeat the most powerful sorcerer on earth did you boy."

Aladdin could see that the sand was now up to Jasmine's chin, he had to think fast.

"You're wrong Jafar, you aren't the most powerful being, The Blue Djin made you what you are and he could take it away." He shouted

Jafar's ego was such that this announcement stopped him, "You're right boy he is more powerful then I, Djin I make my final wish, I wish to be the most powerful Djinni in the world."

The Blue Djin thought Aladdin had lost his mind but he had no choice now and his pointed finger shot red fire at the large snake. The snake started to dissolve and a dark angry red form started to appear. A mean looking angry face appeared as the Djinni formed and grew.

Jafar could feel the power flowing through him more power then anyone had ever had, his form burst through the roof as he laughed, everyone and everything would now bow down to him. "I control the universe" he shouted.

"No you don't Jafar" Aladdin shouted.

"What do you mean boy." Jafar growled.

"Well you wanted to be a Djinni and you got it and everything that comes along with it." Aladdin laughed.

Jafar suddenly felt his wrists clamped in two magic bracelets, a solid black lamp appeared on the floor of the palace and Jafar's lower body became a dark red smoke and started streaming into the lamp.

The anguished "NOOOOOOO" that came from Jafar dwindled in intensity as he was drawn in.

Iago seeing his master losing his power tried to fly out the window but Jafar reached out to grab him and with the last bit of smoke Iago was drawn into the black lamp.

Aladdin quickly took the sword and broke the hourglass. Jasmine had already been covered completely and he was afraid for her life. The sand poured out and Aladdin grabbed Jasmine holding her close, those beautiful golden eyes fluttered open and Aladdin sighed with relief.

The spells that Jafar had cast were released as he was bottled up and the carpet suddenly was back together and Abu was real once more. The Sultan was released and back in his royal robes. Jasmine was clothed in her turquoise once more. Aladdin picked Jasmine up and sat her on the throne; he went and picked up the lamp hanging it on the belt of his worn trousers. The Blue Djin grinned "Glad to be back in your care young master."

Aladdin laughed "GREAT COSMIC POWER, itty bitty living space."

The blue Djin grinned "let me take care of the former Jafar". With that he picked up the black lamp and with a flick of his wrist sent the lamp arcing out over the desert in a stream of golden flame. "Ten thousand years in the cave of wonders should chill them out." Then with a stream of blue smoke he disappeared back into the lamp.

Aladdin looked into Jasmine's loving eyes. "I wish I was a Prince my beloved". He gave a big sigh.

"Oh that stupid law, I love you Aladdin, I don't want to marry anyone else." Jasmine stamped a dainty foot.

The Sultan was pondering the very same matter. "That law has been on the books for a long time."

"But father you are the Sultan, you make the law." She pleaded.

The Sultan grinned because he had already thought of the same thing. "Well then we will make a new law, from now on the Princess can marry whomever she wants."

Jasmine ran and embraced Aladdin "Him I chose him" she laughed.

"Aladdin you have already proved to me you are worthy to be a Sultan, come let's make plans for the wedding on the morrow." The Sultan hurried off giving orders right and left.

Aladdin held Jasmine's hands and looked into those bright eyes. "I'm sorry I lied to you" he said.

"Oh I guess I know why you did but it doesn't matter anymore." She squeezed his hands.

Aladdin took the lamp from his belt and rubbed, the Blue Djin appeared grinning "Young master you have won you have everything you wanted."

"No not yet, I have one wish left." Aladdin said.

"Ah yes you wish to be a Prince again, Well we can do that." The Djin started to work his magic.

"Djin I wish you to be free." Aladdin said.

"One Prince coming up" the Djinni said then realized what Aladdin said, "What did you say young master?"

Holding the lamp up Aladdin said again "I wish you to be free Djinni"

The wrist bands around the Blue Djin disappeared and the small stream of blue smoke from the lamp evaporated. The Blue Djin felt the restraints melt away, he knew he was the only one to have ever been freed. As his restraints melted away he was aware of a great many mysteries of the universe, one of them was the fact that Aladdin had Royal blood in him.

Although he didn't have to call Aladdin master any more he used the term with a warm tone. "Young master that birthmark you carry on your left shoulder blade, shaped like a scimitar. It is the mark of the Royal family of Bathrain. Your mother was already carrying you from the Sultan's seed when she was given to the man you thought was your father. So you see Princess you are marrying a Prince."

Now if you don't mind I would like to see this universe for myself for a while but I will be back. With that he vanished.

For the rest of the night the palace was a behive of activity for the noon nuptials on the morrow.
Chapter 5
Home | Top | Clvfan's Page |   Feedback to author


Home | Clvfan's Page « Aladdin and the Magic Lamp Index « Previous - Settings
Chapter 5
Posted: January 21, 2006 - 04:01:42 pm
?

The marriage of Princess Jasmine to now Prince Aladdin was a beautiful event that the whole city celebrated. A whirlwind of activity as all the most powerful families vied to meet the new Prince and congratulate the happy couple. The whole time that they were accepting the well wishes and enjoying the festivities they kept glancing at each other and smiling. Both wanted the day to end so they could finally be together to enjoy the pleasure each knew was waiting.

Finally Jasmine's maids hustled her off to their new Chambers. Aladdin was obliged to stay and mingle with the foreign dignitaries for a while longer. He was finally led by his new Valet back to his chambers.

Abu was nowhere to be seen, this night was for Aladdin and Jasmine. He entered their bed chamber to find the room lit only with a few candles. He was led to a large pile of pillows and helped out of his royal headdress and cloak. His shoes were slipped off and dressed only in the white silk shirt and linen pants he reclined on the pillows. Bowing low and grinning the valet left him alone.

It was only a minute before he heard soft music and at the entrance to another room he saw movement, four veiled forms slipped into the room, all shapely females clothed in shimmering veils of different colors, one blue, one green, one red and one yellow. Four bodies moved in time to the music dancing a tale of love and lust. The candles flickering light revealed succulent forms shadowed in its light as they moved in front of one and then the other. It was a dance that was designed to inspire desire and it was having its effect on Aladdin as shapely breasts shook and shimmered and hips revolved in sexual imitation.

The music changed and another figure emerged clothed all in diaphanous white. There was no doubt who was hidden behind the shimmering veil that covered the lower half of her face. That body, those eyes and that long flowing midnight mane made Aladdin's heart race. From that moment on his attention was only on one figure. She shimmied before him, hips making quick flicks from left to right, right to left, Arms sensuously swaying and moving to bring his attention to the heaving fruits that were standing proudly and swaying with the lustful movements of the exquisite body. The areole and already hard nipples plainly visible as well as the dark strip of soft hair guarding the juncture of her sleek thighs. The white veils revealed and enhanced the beauty of his new wife.

Aladdin was unaware that the other dancers had left the room his attention was focused on the lust inspiring dance of the Princess Jasmine. The twirling body and undulating belly, the flowing softness of dark hair swirling about her, those shining golden eyes all had Aladdin grinning like the cat that ate the canary and breathing in ragged breaths. As the dance progressed veils began to drop revealing more of that golden body, now those swaying hard nippled breasts were swinging free as she leaned forward shaking her shoulders, making them sway before his glazed eyes. Now that rounded ass and pretty pudenda were naked to his hot gaze as she turned in a circle before him hips flashing from side to side.

Now the only thing she had on was the face covering veil and that was ripped off at the conclusion of the music. Jasmine stood before him breasts and belly heaving from the exertion of the dance and the desire it had inspired in her as well as Aladdin.

Aladdin was speechless; she was the goddess of love and lust. His cock was hard from the lust inspiring dance and her beauty.

Her mouth turned up slightly in a little grin "Is my Prince pleased with the humble attempts of his wife to entertain him."

"By Allah my Princess you are the most beautiful thing I have ever seen." He held his hand out to her and she quickly moved to lie beside her new husband. Nuzzling his neck she whispered "My Prince you have on too many clothes".

With a laugh Aladdin quickly became as nude as she and they came together in a heated embrace, both had already had the heat of passion built in their bodies by Jasmine's erotic dance, lips locked and sliding together they shared ragged breaths as hands explored and caressed writhing bodies. Their passion soaring Jasmine wormed herself under the hard body of her husband spreading her shapely legs to seat him at the core of her being. They ground pelvises together his hard cock shaft settling in the groove of her seeping vulva and running up and down as they moved.

"Now my husband I want to feel you inside me, don't make me wait, my body cries for your manhood." Jasmine husked into her lover's mouth.

Reaching down between their bodies Aladdin moved the head of his cock around in the slick groove of her vulva, then seating the head at her entrance he started a slow push forward. He held himself up above her and looked down into those shining lust filled eyes as his spongy head started spreading those tight lips.

Jasmine moaned at the pleasure his silky rod gave her as it slid in about and inch.

Aladdin's lust was high but his love was greater and although he wanted to bury himself quick and deep and fuck hard until they both burst with that exquisite explosion of passion he knew he must be gentle for at least a while.

Jasmine could feel every tingling move of his cock as he moved back slightly then forward to go deeper. Her excitement was great and her channel was slick with her honeyed syrup so his movements were easy. Now he had reached the barrier that kept her from being a woman, his gentle shove caused her a dull little pain but it was swallowed up in the pleasure the rest of her tight sleeve was receiving from the stretching his thick shaft was giving her. She felt him retreat then back to batter gently at the door of her channel. He did this several times each time a little harder then at last l she felt a sharp stinging pain and he slid into her deeper then anything had ever been before.

Aladdin heard the little gasp as he broke her maiden head and he stopped moving although he couldn't keep his cock from twitching as it laid in her oh so tight pussy. He had been in her neither channel and he would swear this was even tighter and silkier.

Jasmine's pain quickly receded as his pulsing cock stimulated all the nerve endings along the muscled inner walls of her sleeve. She hunched up to his groin pulling more of that delicious invader into her welcoming body.

Aladdin now knew she was over the pain of her deflowering and was more then willing to participate in the age old rhythm of love. He sank deep until his tight ball sack was resting against her soft ass cheeks.

Now he was as deep as he could go and on some downward strokes as she hunched up he could feel the cervix tickling the head of his embedding member.

Dropping down on her heaving breasts their mouths melded in a hot kiss of soaring passion, Jasmine's legs came up to wrap around his thrusting hips and then the rapid movements of both their bodies caused them to slip down around his working thighs, her calves against the back of his thighs helping to speed their plunging thrusts.

Both bodies were bathed in a sheen of perspiration as the heat became a flame of passionate coupling. Both were not new to the game of lust and desire and had trained their bodies to hold off that final burst until they couldn't stand anymore. But try as they might they couldn't hold back this first experience of feelings that overwhelmed their senses. With guttural groans and passionate moans their climax was fast approaching.

"Ohhhhhh My Prince, soooo goood, you split me so deliciously. Ummmmmm I can't stand it I'm going to explode my lover." Jasmine was keening, now their heads were side by side as she had both arms wrapped around his shoulders holding him as close as she could.

Aladdin's face was a grimace of concentration as he tried to prolong this exquisite pleasure for as long as he could. The silky wet tight embrace of her inner core stimulating his cock until it was almost numb it felt like. He didn't think he could last another second. "Ahhhhhhhh. Ummmmmmm." were the only sounds he could make and he wasn't even aware he was making those.

Jasmine's body could take no more, she had no control as her body thrust upwards, legs tightening to push his thighs forward and get his cock as deep as she could get him. Her body strained in its climax, her head snapped back against the cushions. "Ahhhuummmmmmm, yessss, yessss" she cried as her palpitating sleeve rippled around the hard shaft it enclosed. She coated its length with her warm cream.

Aladdin was lost as soon as she grasped him tightly, when that luscious hot velvety muscle started milking his cock his balls fired shot after shot of hot white sperm against her pulsing cervix. Long after his balls had emptied their load and her trembling body had calmed down they lay locked in a tight embrace nuzzling each other's neck and raining loving kisses over sweat streaked faces.

Aladdin went to fetch some warm water and gently washed Jasmine's swollen vulva. As per the custom a white covering had been placed over the cushions so the proof of her virginity could be gathered and shown the next day. They removed the blood and cum stained covering and then spent the rest of the night in passionate exploration. Aladdin sucked her desire swollen breasts until she was crying out in ecstasy.

He supped at the valley of her thighs until her legs locked about his head in climatic glory. He plunged his hard manhood into her willing softness from behind, with her riding him and feeding him her swinging breasts as the black cloud of her soft hair hung down to tickle and caress him. They lost count of the times they reached that peak of completion.

Jasmine bathed his body with her pink tongue and kissing lips, laughing at his pretended pain when she nipped his hard muscular ass with sharp white teeth. She drank his copious load of thick white sperm after teasing him unmercifully with her talented mouth. It was almost the dawning before they fell into an exhausted sleep in each others arms.

Her maids and his valet crept into the room as the rooster was crowing to retrieve the bridal sheet and hang it over the balcony rail of the palace facing the city. A great cheer went up from the throng that had gathered just to see the proof that their beloved Princess was finally a woman.

The Sultan let them have a month before he started taking Aladdin away to teach him how to run a country. By day Aladdin spent time with tutors, financial advisors, military leaders and watching the Sultan deal with the many problems that always seem to crop up. He spent time learning to ride with the Calvary, to fight with the infantry; the lessons seem to be never ending.

But the nights were spent in delicious pleasure with his beautiful inventive wife. She was always coming up with new and exciting ways to please him as well as herself. One time he was a little apprehensive when she kneeled before the reclining tiger Rajah her knees up against his back and laying her naked form over his side, her breasts rubbing the white fur of his belly. She spread her legs wide and looked back over her shoulder in invitation. The sight of that golden body, legs spread wide and tight slit peeking back at him as well as the beautiful face smiling back with her midnight hair spread across her back. Well that was an invitation he couldn't turn down even if the tiger did eat him.

He slid his hard pole deep in her receptive channel and bounced those pretty cheeks with the force of his blows. The tickling feel of Rajah's fur on her moving stomach and breasts increased Jasmine's pleasure and after ten hot minutes of sweaty pumping she cried out in heated pleasure, her slick honey running out of her stuffed vulva and down her sleek thighs. Her clamping heat drove Aladdin over the edge and shoving forward hard he blew spurt after spurt against the back of her rippling sleeve.

Aladdin was relieved to see that Rajah just looked back over his shoulder at them like they were crazy as Jasmine moved back and forth over his orange body.

In about three months it was evident that the Princess Jasmine was with child. Both parents were ecstatic as well as the Sultan, finally a grandchild for him to spoil.

As the months progressed Aladdin was still busy all day learning the running of a country, all agreed he was quick of wit and of high intelligence. Aladdin was amazed at the amount of knowledge it took to run a country, he never realized just how hard it was. Jasmine's pregnancy didn't slow their love life down a bit, the changes in her body was just as appealing to Aladdin as her svelte form was before.

When the Royal Physicians cautioned the couple about having intercourse in her seventh month they just stopped regular sex and went to pleasing each other with mouth tongues and hands as well as Aladdin fucking her pretty ass while she was on hands and knees with her pregnant belly swaying beneath her.

They were blessed with a healthy baby boy that they named Jumah. Both mother and father doted on him as well as his grandfather.

They decided it would be better if they put off having any more children until little Jumah was weaned so the Royal Physicians gave her a herb mixture regularly to keep her monthly flow going. Jasmine loved to feed her son and then feed his father afterwards. They both found it very stimulating for Aladdin to milk her lovely breasts. They spent many happy hours at this pursuit. Jasmine liked to sit on his long manhood and shoot a stream of milk into his open mouth, sometimes she hit and sometimes she missed and they would both burst out laughing at the silliness of it all. When his face was wet with the sweet milk she would lean down and lick it all off which led to a heated coupling every time.

When little Jumah was eighteen months old the Sultan sent Aladdin along with his ambassador on a good will mission to the surrounding countries. It would be a chance for his neighbors to meet and judge his chosen successor. It would be a long trip, up to six months. He had been gone for three already.

Jasmine had just finished feeding her son, her nipples still tingling from his voracious sucking. She was in dire need of her husband's big cock and hard body pounding hers. It wasn't like she wasn't getting any relief for she availed herself of the carefully carved replicas of his manly organ. Her maids were only too happy to strap on the lifelike replicas and make love to their mistress.

It was a nice pleasure and momentary relief but the soft lips and smooth bodies of her servants didn't send her senses soaring like her husband's muscular form. She knew that Aladdin was getting pleasure from other women. That was the way it was, as a visiting dignitary the Sultans offered him all the comforts of the palace that included beautiful women to satisfy his manly desires. She wasn't jealous she knew she had his heart and he couldn't turn down the proffered servants without insulting the Sultan's they were visiting.

She was only sad that someone else was enjoying his lovemaking while she yearned for him to be loving her.

She didn't want another man; none she had seen stirred her blood like Aladdin. Although there was that foreign envoy from a country in the far north. A place he called Ingland. He was tall with wavy red hair the likes of which she had never seen. He spoke with a soft brogue that mangled her language but was delightful to hear. She had envisioned his light skinned body above hers a time or two while being pleasured by her maids.

She was playing with Rajah while her son slept when there was a sudden pop in the air next to her and the Blue Djinni appeared beside her. He had a big grin on his blue face. "Good day my beautiful Princess."

She laughed "good day Djinni."

His tall form bent down "My Princess I have taken a name, I would be pleased if you would use it."

"I shall be glad to if you will call me Jasmine instead of My Princess." She noticed how big he was, he was in the form of a complete man that stood almost eight feet tall, his upper body was bare and a great expanse of blue it was with wide shoulders and deep wide chest. His waist tapered down to a hard slimness then huge thighs and calves enclosed in rose colored pants.

"A deal my... Jasmine" with a winking grin he continued "but you are My Princess; I have taken the name Salman".

Jasmine nodded her head at the genial Djin. "Salman, a handsome name to go with a handsome fellow."

They bantered back and forth for a while and Jasmine found that she enjoyed the jovial Djinni's company a lot.

He told her of his travels around the world making her laugh at some of the tricks he had played on deserving people. She told him of her life now and of her son. She took him in to coo over the sleeping baby.

Salman was a powerful being and when he wanted he could focus on a person and know what they were thinking and how they were feeling. He did that now because he liked the beautiful Princess and wanted to make her happy. He sensed her happiness with her life and the joyous love she had for her son, he also felt the longing for her absent husbands loving.

She was a vision of beauty; he had traveled all over this world and had never seen a woman as beautiful as the Princess Jasmine. He would love to fill her with his hard meat and could do so and make her think it was her idea but he wouldn't do that to Aladdin. Aladdin had freed him and he wouldn't betray that act of friendship. He wondered if Aladdin was aware of the frustration of his wife.

When Jumah woke up he was hungry and Jasmine went to feed him, Salman told her he would be back in a bit. Concentrating on Aladdin's image he popped out of existence at the Palace and appeared before a startled Aladdin in his chambers as he prepared to go meet the Sultan of Khartoum.

Aladdin quickly recovered his composure "Djinni, It's great to see you."

"And you young Prince, I've taken the name Salman, I would be pleased if you would use it." The Blue Djin replied.

Aladdin was more than glad to see the Djinni, he had become a friend, plus he figured he owed him for everything he had. "I want to hear what you have been up to but I have an appointment with the Sultan in a few minutes. Stay and I will be back as quick as I can."

Salman laughed and waved his hand "Not to worry young Prince we can take as long as we want and you will still make your appointment."

Aladdin grinned back at his big blue friend "Okay tell me what you have been up to."

For the next hour they exchanged stories, well it seemed like an hour Aladdin wasn't sure what the actual amount of time was since Salman had messed around.

Salman told him he had stopped in Agrabar and visited with Jasmine and Jumah.

"How are they Salman?" Aladdin looked sad, "I miss them so, and how is my little Jumah?"

"Fine, he is just fine, healthy and active. I see he has his mothers golden eyes and your quick smile." Salman told him.

"And Jasmine how is she, Salman I didn't realize how much I had come to count on her." Aladdin sounded so wistful

"Aladdin, young Prince she is fine but like you she misses your company, not just your company but the intimate closeness you share. She is a fine woman and will not take a lover as so many would when their husbands are gone for so long." Salman explained to the homesick Prince.

"I know Salman, I have to accept the gifts the Sultan's bestow upon me and that includes the girls of comfort or I will insult them and I can't do that." Even though my body enjoys the smooth suppleness of the young women there is no feeling in it. I wish I could do something for her." Aladdin put his head in his hands. "Being responsible for a whole country sure seems to put a strain on your loved ones."

"Young Prince, I... Um well uh only if you think it would be alright but I could fill in for you until you get back, it wouldn't be like she took a lover." With that he threw back his shoulders and puffed up trying to put a little humor in the situation "After all I am a little different."

Aladdin didn't react for a minute then he sat down to think. One thing he had learned about being responsible for a country full of people is you don't make a hasty decision. He loved the fiery Princess and knew she loved him. While he would understand but not approve if she took a lover he probably wouldn't react like most males of his country would. That would be to have his wife stoned to death; no he would feel that she wasn't doing anything that he wasn't. That Salman had said she hadn't taken a lover pleased him greatly.

He owed the life he had now to the jovial Djin and knew with his powers he would surely please Jasmine. The more he thought of it he wouldn't mind sharing the body of his wife with the Blue Djin if she was agreeable. At least he didn't think it would bother him to much and it would be an answer to her frustrations. Maybe also make him feel less guilty about using the young women that were thrust upon him while on his mission.

With a sigh he looked at Salman "My big blue friend, if Jasmine is agreeable then so am I, after all if it wasn't for you I would never have been able to marry her anyway."

"Aladdin I don't wish to take advantage of that, it must be wholly agreeable to you." Salman really meant what he said.

"I do agree Salman, so look after my wife while I am away." Aladdin told him.

"Then I will be on my way Young Prince." and with that Salman vanished.

Aladdin looked at the space where Salman had been and just shook his head. About that time a valet appeared to take him for his audience with the Sultan.

Jasmine had just finished feeding little Jumah and was playing with him, he was crawling around exploring everything he could reach. She would tickle him making him squeal and laugh, then he was off across the room looking back to see if she was following him, Jasmine would catch him and they would repeat the whole thing.

Salman popped back in to see them playing. Jasmine was surprised when Little Jumah suddenly rose in the air and started turning flips. He was laughing and giggling the whole while. She then saw the Blue Djinni moving his finger and giving Jumah the ride of his young life. He gave her a big grin and the two of them played with Jumah until he was exhausted and one of the maids put him down to sleep.

Jasmine had some refreshments brought in so they could relax and talk. Jasmine's maids were all atwitter as they bustled in and out, none had ever seen a Djinni before and a couple were frightened and a couple were curious.

One as she was serving them, after a quick glance at her mistress asked. "Are you really a Djinni?"

Salman gave a booming laugh and expanded until his head touched the tall ceiling, then down in size to a couple of inches to stand on her shoulder and whisper in her ear. "What do you think?" The maid trembled at first in fear then as Jasmine smiled at her predicament she calmed down some. She realized that he was a true Djin and that he wasn't going to harm her.

Salman resumed the size he was when she entered and was once more seated before her. She giggled and bowed as she backed out of the chamber. "Yes oh mighty one I do believe."

When they were alone Salman looked at Jasmine earnestly. "While you were feeding the young Prince I went to see Aladdin." He saw those perfect eyebrows raise in question. "He is feeling pretty homesick and misses you as much as you miss him. I told him of your yearning and as with you he wants to be back here to make love to his wife and lover." She started to say something but he held up a large blue finger.

"I sensed from the first there was something special about the young lad that commanded my lamp. He has many responsibilities being placed on his shoulders preparing him for the day he will rule the country and he takes those very seriously. As much as it pains him he is sacrificing his feelings for the good of his people but I proposed something to him as maybe a way to help you out and it would certainly be my pleasure also.

Jasmine's golden almond shaped eyes narrowed in suspicion "Whaaaat did you propose?"

Trying to look very sincere Salman answered "Well first I will tell you that Aladdin thought it over carefully and if he couldn't be here and since he had been gone a long time he thought it was the best solution possible. First I told him that you wouldn't take a lover, you wanted no other man but him, and this pleased him greatly by the way. Then I told him of your suffering, needing a mans love, that your maids and toys just didn't get the full job done."

Jasmine was looking Salman over carefully now with a just what have you boys cooked up frown on her face. "Yesssss go on."

"Okay so here's the plan only if you agree." Salman grinned "Now I certainly can't be considered a man in the normal sense of the word so technically there would be no adultery. And I might add I do have some talents that a normal man doesn't and I have to admit that pleasuring you would give me great pleasure also. So, and I want to be honest, one because I am only free through Aladdin's generosity and goodness and I consider both of you my friends."

Now Jasmine was tapping one silken clad foot on the floor "And?" She questioned.

With a helpless gesture of his big arms and hands he grinned "I must admit your beauty made me think of this in the first place." He stood before her grinning sheepishly.

Jasmine's first emotion was anger that once again someone was trying to decide what was best for her. And the narrow eyed look she was bestowing on Salman clearly showed him what she thought.

Salman could have read her mind or even influenced her thoughts if he had wanted to but what ever she decided would have to be her decision, he thought to much of Aladdin and her to force his will on either one. He waited patiently for her answer; he had learned Patience over many thousands of years. Jasmine was staring angrily at the sheepish grinning Djinni. She realized that really she owed her now happiness to Salman's saving of Aladdin twice, once getting him out of the Cave of Wonders and saving him from drowning when Jafar tried to have him killed the first time. Neither one of those did he have to do since Aladdin hadn't actually expressed those wishes. She also knew her Aladdin and was sure Salman was telling the truth about how guilty he felt about using other women. She smiled inwardly, Aladdin was surely different then the majority of her countrymen, they took it as the natural way of things that the men could use as many women as they wanted but wives were forbidden the same privilege.

Through half closed eyes she looked the Djinni over as a potential lover, As he stood now he was about six and a half feet tall and the skin that could be seen was a sky blue, His head was large with a four inch shock of dark blue hair standing up in the middle of an otherwise bald head. He had sparkling black eyes with a rather large nose above a wide white toothed smile. He had a neatly trimmed line of beard that ended in a little spike of a goatee. It wasn't a handsome face but it was a pleasant friendly looking face.

His upper body was massive, huge arms and wide deep chest that tapered down to a slim waist and hard looking belly. His rose colored pants were tight around thick thighs and hard calves. All in all a fairly attractive man notwithstanding his odd color. Now a little smile crept over her face and her eyes softened their angry line.

Plus she thought he had a few advantages over any mortal man that she wouldn't mind exploring.

"So if I agree with this just how do you think it would come about." She cocked her head as she asked still tapping a dainty foot.

Salman saw the softening in her eyes and the quick little smile and knew she had made up her mind. With a deep bow he intoned. "You wish is my command Princess."
Chapter 6
Home | Top | Clvfan's Page |   Feedback to author


Home | Clvfan's Page « Aladdin and the Magic Lamp Index « Previous - Settings
Chapter 6
Posted: January 21, 2006 - 04:01:42 pm
?

Now that she had made up her mind she was looking forward to the experience. Aladdin was the only man she had ever had and a little forbidden thrill ran through her at the thought of taking Salman's cock inside her wet little pussy.

"After the last meal come to my chambers, I feed Prince Jumah soon after that and he sleeps for a good amount of time, I think that would be the best time. We must be discreet Salman, no one must ever know." Jasmine cautioned the Djin.

"My Princess I can assure you none will know but Aladdin, you and I." Once again the Blue Djinni bowed, "Until then my Princess." And with a little pop he was gone.

Jasmine fed Jumah from her swollen breasts, he was getting to be a big boy and if she let him stay at one breast he would empty it. She switched him from side to side to keep them sort of even. He went to sleep sucking at her left breast and she gazed into her son's sleeping face fondly, he had her eyes no doubt but he looked so much like his handsome father. She handed him to the waiting maid who would change him and put him to bed. As she rearranged her clothing she couldn't help but smile at the change in her breasts, they were so much bigger then before her pregnancy and the areole and nipples were a shade darker than they had been. The before pear shaped cones were more rounded but still just as upstanding as they had been.

She knew Aladdin liked them just as well this way; he loved to stroke them and suck them especially he liked to drink right from the fountain as it were. She slipped into the warm sweet scented waters of her bath not staying long because she didn't know exactly when Salman was arriving, especially since he didn't arrive in a normal manner. She dressed in a light blue gown that was low cut in the front to show off her now abundant cleavage. It fell to the tops of her bare feet but was sheer enough that with the right light her areole and dark bush could be seen peeking through. Her midnight hair was combed loose to fall in a dark cloud over her back and some in front framing her beautiful face and covering her breasts.

She was reclining on some pillows and reading one of the scrolls that pertained to the running of the government. Aladdin wanted her to know as much about running the country as he when the time came for him to take over from her father. She felt a slight disturbance of the air and looked up to see a grinning Salman bowing before her. She was a little anxious and nervous and she felt a little silly for feeling that way. She looked him over and smiled in spite of the circumstance. He had made himself only slightly taller than she was; his topknot was bound with a golden band that matched the one hanging from his right ear.

His dark blue beard looked like it had been freshly trimmed and he was wearing cream colored pants and soft dark red shoes. The pants and shoes set off his sky blue body very nicely.

His pleasant face was split with a wide white toothed grin. "My Princess I am yours to command."

Her nervousness was quickly passing to be replaced with curious anticipation. "Oh you mean like I get three wishes, anything I want." She gave him a wicked smile that would make any man's heart beat a little quicker and the Djinni was no exception.

"Ah my Princess you can have as many as you like, hundreds, thousands, whatever your heart desires." He replied with another low bow.

"Hummm" her musical voice husked "I think I will forgo the wishes and you just show me how a Djin makes love to a woman."

"My pleasure oh beautiful one." Suddenly he was reclining beside her and one blue hand reached out to caress her face and down along side her slender neck. He looked deep into those golden eyes as he spoke.

"I have traveled all over the world and I am many thousands of years old but I never encountered another woman as lovely as you." He ran a hand through her hair "This is a soft dark cloud that is made for caressing your lover's body," now a blue finger was sliding along her jaw to gently touch her lips. "Your lips are full and soft, they make any man long to feel them against his own and touching him everywhere."

"Your form is womanly and desirous, just to watch you walk fills a man with lust to know your intimate touch." As he said this his hand slid down her neck and over a soft covered breast, he didn't linger but let his hand move along her side and up and over one shapely hip before coming back to run through her thick hair.

Jasmine was lost in the dark eyes that were locked onto her own; his compliments were wonderful to hear and made her heart beat a little faster. His gentle hands were sending little tremors over her body as they traveled her reclining form.

She was aware of the dark eyes coming closer and closer until she seemed to melt into them "Now my Princess I must taste the sweetness of your lips" she barely heard his words as soft but strong lips covered hers in a gentle touch. Her eyes were closed now as the kiss deepened from greeting to more demanding and sensuous. She was aware of one of his hands cupping a soft covered mound, she felt like the whole thing was covered by his hot hand. In truth she was right, if she had opened her eyes she would have seen that his hand expanded to enclose the luscious mound and start a slow massage. Jasmine's nipple responded to the treatment by pushing out into his rotating palm.

The taste of sweet lips and the feel of her in his squeezing hand had the Djin's body responding also, he could feel the blood flowing into his cock. Her soft murmured "Ummmmm" into his squirming lips only inflamed him more.

Jasmine felt his big chest as it pressed against her his hand still engaged in its sensuous massage of her swollen breast. She felt his tongue as it tasted her lips and sought entrance to her mouth. Her senses were heating up in tune to his teasing hands and lips. She opened her mouth to him and he slowly let his dark pink appendage invade to slide along her dainty pink one. She moved her upper arm to run along his big shoulder and down a huge muscled arm, she felt the muscle gently working while his hand squeezed and titillated her now straining breast.

Working her arm under his she let her fingers move over the smooth expanse of his chest stopping to pluck at the dark blue man nipples and making them stand out like hers.

She felt him shiver at the pleasure she brought him. He drew back and the big wide grin grew; "Now I must taste the rest of you." Suddenly she found herself nude, every inch of her exposed to his admiring gaze.

Lowering his head he engulfed her breast, she watched in amazement as his lips stretched over the ripe mound until it was wholly engulfed. It felt like there was another mouth at the end of this one that was sucking gently on her nipple as the entire mound was sucked also. It was such a new and arousing feeling she fell back on her back and he came rolling over with her never letting go of that succulent meat he was working on. Her eyes closed in pleasure at the overwhelming feel of the double suction.

She tasted sweet and good to Salman and quickly there were two heads working, one at each breast. Jasmine groaned "Uhhhhhhhhohhhhhhgaaaa" Her body was a mass of tingling flesh as he feasted at both breasts. Her milk flowed, there was no way to stop it with the increasing suction, it streamed from both nipples and he drank it hungrily. Her body was squirming and writhing under his roving hands now, one sliding under her body to cup and caress her round buttocks, the other to tease down her little rounded belly and through the thick strip of hair then in down to spread her golden lips with a thick blue finger.

Jasmine's body was one big sexual nerve as the blue digit slid into her already moist core. It seemed to expand and lengthen becoming almost as big as a man's cock. Now a finger was working a slender tip into her neither hole and once gaining entrance slowly thickened and lengthened until she was comfortably filled in both holes.

Salman worked her body into a frenzy of lust, her head was rolling from side to side, hips undulating with passion until with a strenuous groan she burst into a glorious orgasm the like of which she had never encountered. Her body bucked and writhed while her pussy tried to strangle the blue digit that was slipping around inside her.

Salman himself was in a state of lust at the taste and feel of her body as it responded to his ministrations.

He let her glistening mounds, now empty of their sweet nectar emerge from his mouths and now had only one head again. He watched and felt her as she slowly became aware of her surroundings again.

Those bright sparkling eyes were still filled with orgasmic pleasure as she looked at him giving him the most lustful smile he had ever seen. "That was incredible my blue lover."

"Oh but my Princess we are only getting started." He grinned at her, Now I must taste more of you, lie back and enjoy oh beautiful one."

Scooting her up onto more of the fluffy pillows he spread her sleek legs enjoying the view between them, her vulva swollen and a rose color, the tight lips slightly open and glistening with her juices that were running down the deep crack created by her tight round ass. He started kissing at each knee his lips moving like they had a life of their own over her feverish skin.

The sight of the blue skinned Djin between her legs and the feel of his active lips over her inner thigh was very erotic to the deep breathing Princess and she could feel the passion rising once again in her body.

When his questing lips finally reached their intended goal her body was once again in a heated race for pleasure. He glued those active lips to her hair guarded treasure and she felt the thick pink tongue start to invade her inner core. Her legs tensed as it didn't stop but went farther and farther into the slick wet channel until the tip was flicking against her cervix. It was a sensation she had never felt before so much more intense then anything she had ever experienced.

She tasted like fresh lemons to Salman and he could have feasted here the rest of the night. He moved his hands around the straining thighs of the Princess and once again enclosed her heaving bosom in expanding blue hands.

Jasmine was lost in a fog of delight, his tongue was longer then any cock she had ever had, even her beloved husbands and Oh so flexible as it twisted and turned inside her tight channel. The smiling grimace on her face was pure lustful pleasure. His big blue fingers were rolling and plucking at her rock hard nipples while that wonderful tongue was working its magic on her throbbing channel. His mouth fully covered her seeping slit and now it felt like another little mouth was sucking and pulling on her hard straining clitoris.

Salman would bring her right to the edge of completion then slow down his actions considerably until her body relaxed enough for him to continue. He did this several times until even when he slowed down he could feel the palpations increasing in the squeezing muscle surrounding his tongue. He attacked her cervix with flicking tongue and clit with increasing suction.

Jasmine's body was one straining muscle when she exploded once again. It was so intense all she could see was blackness and flashing stars before her eyes. Her voice was a musical cry of fulfillment a keening "ahahhhhhhheeeeeeeeeeee"

Salman continued to gently tease her with tongue and hands as her perspering body slowly relaxed back into the pillows. He thought he had never seen a more arousing sight as he rose from between her legs.

The dark hair lay in disarray like a midnight sheet she had placed under her head and shoulders. It was damp and sticking to the sides of her flushed face. She had the look of a completely sated woman. Her eyes almost closed in exhausted pleasure pink lips opened and desirable with her deep breathing. Those round breasts standing proudly only rolling to the sides very little. But ah that oh so fuckable pussy with the lips still slightly pulsing made him give a little moan of desire.

Her sleepy voice purred. "You have exhausted me oh powerful Djin."

"Ah Princess we have much more to experience, look what I have for you." He gently laughed.

He was suddenly kneeling beside her head and her eyes flew wide open and her mouth pursed in a silent little oh at the immense penis hanging between the Djin's legs. The hooded dark blue head was touching the pillows it hung down so far; it had to be as big around as her upper arm with grapefruit size balls causing it to arc out in a great curve. There was no way she could take that inside her, more fitted for an elephant she thought.

Salman seeing the apprehension in her face chuckled, then laughed "That's just to impress you, it's a one size fit's all, you like it little" and with that there was a thin little penis about an inch long and marble size balls, "or medium" and it expanded to an average size. "You just name it and I can do it."

Jasmine had to laugh with him as his penis went from gargantuan to miniscule and everywhere in between.

She held her fingers out about eight inches apart, "How about we start there and see what happens."

The wide smiling Djin replied "As you wish" and his penis was a thick eight inches of sky blue meat hanging down over an orange size ball sack. There was a neatly trimmed patch of dark blue hair nestled above the base of his penis about five inches across at the bottom and maybe eight at the top. The patch was only about three inches wide. His balls were bare of hair and a little darker color then his penis.

Jasmine gave him an amused grin and reached a golden hand out to softly stroke the shaft up and down revealing the almost perfectly round dark blue head. The crown was long with a thick ridge and she watched the loose skin slide up and over that ridge to cover all but a small circle of dark blue when she ran her hand out to the end. His cock felt silky smooth but when she squeezed she could feel the hard inner core resist.

The feel of his cock being so expertly stroked once again sent the blood rushing to fill his shaft and head.

It grew slightly longer and got a little thicker as well as harder.

Jasmine was fascinated by the color and feel of Salman's hardening rod. She pulled gently and he moved closer, she rose up on one elbow and guided the head to her lips. A pink little tongue came out to rove over the spongy head. She was surprised at the taste; he tasted like a fresh peeled orange. Her tongue continued to explore the long dark head as she gripped the shaft tighter and worked the loose outer skin up and down. Salman's little grunt let her know he was enjoying her efforts.

Salman looked down upon the beautiful face of the Princess as she ovaled those luscious lips and felt as well as saw them sliding down his hard cock. She didn't stop until she had her nose pressed against the dark hair at his groin. The pressure of that hot wet cavern and tight lips traveling down his cock made Salman softy hiss "Yesssss my Princess, that's so good."

Jasmine was right his cock was just the right length and thickness that she could get it all in her mouth without to much effort. Now she would show him the oral talents she had been taught over the years.

For the next five minutes Salman had his cock licked nibbled and swallowed better than any time before.

Jasmine looked up into his eyes as she held the base of his cock in one hand, a string of shiny salvia kept his cock connected to her sensuous lips as she let him slide from her mouth. "Lay down my blue lover, my arm is getting tired in this position."

Salman quickly complied and she settled on her knees beside him, leaning over his lower body her midnight hair fell across his stomach and thighs in a soft silky cover and her hot mouth once again engulfed his stiff member.

Jasmine got her revenge as her supple hands, soft lips and flicking tongue played over his cock and balls bringing him time and time again to the brink of ejaculation before leaving his pulsing cock cooling in the air. She would kiss up his hard belly to suck on his male nipples or engage his wide mouth in hot passionate kissing until she felt she could once again go back the exquisite torture of his rock hard member. His precum was flowing freely and she was delighted to find it tasted like a sweet banana.

Salman pleaded with her to finish him off, let him cum. "Please my Princess I beg of you I can't take any more."

He couldn't see her face, it was hidden under the dark cloud of her hair but he felt the smile around his pulsing rod and her movements sped up, a quick rhythm of tight lips moving to the top of his cock, a quick roll of her tongue around the head then back to mash those soft lips against his heaving groin. She had both hands massaging and rolling his balls at the same time. He felt that tingling stinging numbness of impending orgasm, his cock swelled and is balls tightened.

When Jasmine felt the signals of his body she took him deep her lips squirming against his body trying to get even more of him in her throat, her cupped palms started a gentle squeeze around his throbbing balls.

Salman's body tensed, his hard buttocks rising from the pillows and a low pitched "Ahhhhhhhhhh"

was drawn from his chest as he fired the first burst of cum in her willing throat.

Jasmine actually felt the cum leave his balls and felt it travel the length of his cock in a quick vibration.

The first load was a thick copious flow that shot straight down her throat. She squeezed his balls again and another hot stream fired out, every time his balls pulsed his cock swelled in her mouth and she received another thick load of Salman's cum. Her eyebrows rose as he continued with spurt after spurt of Djin cum.

His copious load was much greater then any she had seen, even her virile husband didn't produce this much.

She eased her lips up the shaft until she could taste the rhythmic shots. Once again she was pleasantly surprised at the taste, like fresh strawberries. Wondering if his cum was red she took the still shooting head from her mouth and received a thick blob of white cum against her cheek.

Salman gave a little "huh" every time his balls pumped and he gave a contented sigh when finally his balls were empty. Raising his head he looked at the sight of the Princess still bobbing over his slowly deflating cock her tongue licking up every string of cum she could find.

Jasmine raised her head to look at him her thick hair framing a wicked looking smile as she licked the last bit of his cum from her lips. "Orange, banana and strawberry, you make a good meal my blue lover. I could feast at this fountain and never have to eat anything else."

He grinned back at her "Or any other flavors you prefer my Princess."

She crawled up to lay on his chest and he enfolded her in his big arms. They went to sleep in that position.

To Jasmine it seemed she slept the night away but it was still dark and the she could see the moon through the window, it looked like it hadn't moved at all. She felt the rise and fall of Salman's chest with his easy breathing and looked up into his smiling visage.

"Are you ready for more pleasure my Princess?" He asked her.

Once again that sexy wicked grin lit up her face "Oh yes my blue lover, I think I am hungry again."

She kissed and nibbled her way down to his soft cock. Nibbling gently down the blue shaft she sucked the hooded head in. Jasmine gathered a handful of silky hair and wrapped it around the hardening shaft. Sucking at the now exposed head she stroked the shaft inside a soft cloud of her black hair. She felt herself being lifted and her legs placed over Salman's head, then his large hands cupping her ass and bringing her core down to his face. Once again she felt that agile tongue spear into her womanly center and lengthen to reach the back of her cunt.

They brought each other to the peak but not over. Salman's precum was flowing freely as was Jasmine's sweet juices.

"Now my Princess I think it is time." Salman husked. He lifted her off him and placed her on her back, he moved to her feet and she spread those shapely legs to let him settle in between. He leaned over her but unlike a man that had to brace himself with his arms his were free to tease her hard nipples or to stroke her face, side or legs.

His stiff penis seemed to have a life of its own; the head stroked up and down her swelling vulva smearing her juices all over it. Then the blunt round tip was seated at her vulva and his hips moved forward in a steady push. Although she hadn't noticed his cock had gotten thicker and spread her so wide she felt a dull ache that was mixed with the tingling pleasure his silky rod was causing the exposed nerve endings in her pretty pussy. She closed her eyes and her mouth formed an oval of bliss as the big member invaded her slick channel. When his groin was tight against hers the thick meat continued onward growing longer and pushing her uterus back into her body until it could go no farther. The blunt spongy head of his cock was pressed tightly against her cervix.

"Ahhhhhhhhuuuuhh" his slow withdrawal brought a moan of pleasure from the cock stuffed Princess.

If felt just as good to Salman, he teased her with slow strokes for a while gently mashing the tip against the back of her cunt. Then it was harder thrusts and more powerful banging against her cervix. She gave a small grunt each time the head hit the muscular membrane. As her passion built her legs clamped around the small waist of her blue lover, thigh and calf muscles tensing as she tried to fit her body tight against his.

Salman loved the look of pleasure that was apparent on her flushed face those beautiful eyes were half lidded in passion and she was biting that full lower lip.

Salman's driving hips and big cock was giving her such exquisite pleasure she tried to hold back, make it last as long as she could but at last she could stand no more, His hips were a blur of motion, like a living machine he pounded her to ecstasy and she cried out her completion as she flooded his big cock with her honey.

Salman held himself deep while she used her legs wrapped around his taut blue ass to pump herself tight against him. When her orgasm had subsided she opened her eyes to see the wide white smile in that blue face and knew she was about to get thoroughly fucked again.

The blunt cockhead was throbbing against her cervix when she felt movement deep inside her; it was like a finger was worming itself into the tight hole of her cervix. Salman dipped his head and took a stiff brown spike in his lips sucking and gently biting as the finger inside her slowly expanded opening her cervix, She felt a pressure as it expanded but no pain, now she felt his cock lengthen and invade her womb, the head seemed to expand until it filled her womb and he started rocking back and forth, as the shaft came out of her womb it compressed to the size of her stuffed vaginal muscle, when it passed into the open cervix it expanded to fill her womb. She had never felt anything like it.

Salman thrust into her in ever varying speeds and hardness until her head was rolling from side to side and her fingers were gripping his thick arms so tight she would have drawn blood on an ordinary man. Her belly was heaving and her legs were never still as they gripped his waist then slid down to pull against his ass, then they were straight up in a quivering V as he pounded her into the soft pillows. Her breath came in ragged gasps and she muttered little keening cries of delight. Her overloaded senses finally had too much and she burst in exquisite orgasm her pussy trying to strangle the pleasure giving meat that was stuffing her so well. It was so intense that she passed out at the peak of completion.

Salman continued to gently thrust inside her as her senseless body continued to spasm around him.

It was only a minute before she regained her senses. Looking up into the Djin's shining eyes she sighed "You almost killed me with pleasure my blue lover."

"Never my Princess, you may die the little death of pleasure but it always comes back to life so you can pleasantly die again..." He leaned down and kissed her gently on her sweat glistened forehead.

Again he got that wicked smile. "Are you going to kill me again my blue lover?"

"Your wish is my command" Salman laughed.

For what seemed like to Jasmine many hours she and the Djin explored the ways of love. She sat astride his slim hips working her ass back and forth as his lively cock twisted, pulsed and pumped her full of his cum, it was so copious it flowed back and out of her stretched vulva in a flood of mixed juices. She was rocked on her hands and knees while he pounded her womb full of cum once again as she screamed out another intense orgasm, her body one mass of stimulated sexual nerves. He filled her once again as she lay on her back her ankles gripped tightly in her hands and pulled back to lie almost beside her head.

Not only was her flowing pussy filled compeltely with hard Djin cock but he had formed his balls into another cock and they were sliding in and out of her hot ass.

The double pleasure gave her a mind blowing orgasm.

When she finally fell into an exhausted sleep Salman gently kissed her on her damp cheek. He pointed his finger at her rounded little belly; a light stream of gold light went into her body. He had reversed her pregnancy. A Djinni's seed was very powerful and the first blast would impregnate any mortal woman.

Now he passed his hand over her head. He changed her perceptions of her experience. When she woke in the morning she would know she enjoyed it very much but she wouldn't remember the mind-blowing pleasure she had experienced. She would still think that Aladdin made her soar better then anyone she else.

Salman smiled at the remembrance of the many women he had experienced on his journey around the world. There were only a small number of people who ever saw his true form; he usually took the form of whatever people he was visiting. By posing as a rich person of that country he never lacked for female companionship and he always left them with the feeling of enjoyment but he didn't want to ruin them for other men. Well except that one time in a country where the people were called Franks. There was one beautiful woman that teased him mercilessly and then turned her nose up at him. Now he could have made her desire him but he worked at it the normal way until finally she gave in. He figured it was more to get what money she thought he had then any desire for him personally. When he had taken her to places no other man could ever take her he left her like that with all the memories of the ecstasy they had shared. She would never be satisfied again although she would go through life trying.

He gave one last affectionate gaze at the sexually sated Princess before disappearing with a little pop.

When Jasmine woke the next morning her body was sore but it was a pleasant soreness. She remembered the pleasure that the Djinni had given her. It did satisfy her but not like her beloved Aladdin. However since the two had conspired to have her take a lover she would continue to enjoy the embraces of Salman until her husband came home.

So for the two months and a half her nights were spent in the arms and impaled on the pleasure giving cock of the Blue Djin. Each night he reversed her pregnant state and erased part of her memories.

When Aladdin came home Jasmine was ecstatic. The reunion with her husband was a joyous occasion that called for a celebration, they snuck away early and no one saw them for three days. The Djin loved them both and he was as happy as they were that they were back together. He stayed in Agrabar for several weeks then the wanderlust took over again and he bade them a goodbye. He did state before he popped out of sight that anytime Aladdin was away for a long time all he had to do was call Salman's name and he would come back to ease Jasmine's frustrations.

Jasmine gave him that heart stopping wicked smile and punched her husband on the arm. "Oh don't worry about that, I'll make sure he does."

Salman looked at the young couple with love and affection. He thought "yeah I hope so because you my Princess are the best I have ever had and any time you want I would be glad to help you out." With a wide white smile in his pleasant blue face he nodded then disappeared with a pop.
Your opinion is important:
Share with the others what you think about
"Aladdin and the Magic Lamp"
     
Switch to Expanded voting form
The End
Posted: 2006-01-21
Home | Top | Clvfan's Page |   Feedback to author
