Home | Oediplex's Page « Allan and His Mom Part 1 Index - Settings
Chapter 1: The Photos
Posted: July 02, 2010 - 09:04:59 am
?

Dear Oediplex,

I have been avidly reading your several stories on incest and after some reluctance I decided to accept your invitation to write to you.

The reason for this is that it is my real story: for many years I have had an incestuous relationship with my mother. It all started when I was just 15 years old and found a pack of old photos of my Mom nude (I still have four of them). We had sex the first time when I was 18, and carrying on our affair until I was 32.

During those three long teen years after the discovery of the pictures, my desire for my mother grew, up until the moment when my dreams came true. My father, a renown medical specialist went to abroad for a month's training in a new surgical technique. Mom and I had a wonderful opportunity to spent the month's vacation, of that time when dad was gone, in a small isolated village by the sea. There, secluded from the world, we started a relationship that would last for the next fourteen years.

My father was a well respected surgeon and my mother quit the law school to marry him at the age of twenty. My father was several years older than my mother was. My maternal grandfather was a prominent attorney, an expert in International Laws and one of the founding members of an influential firm. Of course he was a little disappointed to see his daughter change her mind to marry a person who was only, at the time, just a newly graduated physician. My grandmother was the daughter of a farmer and even now the farm still belongs to our family.

My sister, almost three years older than I, got married to one of my father's intern, and by the end of his internship they moved to back to his home country where they still live. I lived, as much as I can remember like a pretty normal kid and the same as any other mid-upper class boy of my social set: private school, member of both the yacht and the golf clubs and naturally had lots of good friends.

At the age of fourteen I began to notice something different in my parents relationship. My father was teaching in a medical school that was some 120 miles away from where we lived. The classes were Friday, the whole day and Saturday mornings so my father always traveled Thursday nights and returned Saturday around 1:00 PM.

The strange things I mentioned referred to Mom's activities. Usually Fridays afternoon she used to leave home, always very well dressed, then returning around 7:00. On other occasions she had meetings with her friends at night. Besides she used to play tennis twice a week, always in the afternoons. One of those afternoons we had a fire at the school and they send us all back home. It was nothing serious but the school decided to shutdown for two days and check all the electrical circuits of the 100 year old building.

Mom wasn't at home and I supposed she was playing tennis at the club. It was only some miles away from home so I took my bike and rode there. At the club I looked for Mom but couldn't find her. After a quick lunch at the bar (we had an open account at the bar and restaurant) I returned back home. A few hours later I was watching TV when Mom stepping in dressed in tennis apparel and with the racket in her hands.

She asked why I was so early at home, I explained and asked about her. "As you can see I was playing tennis." Was her answer! Unquestionably, I had found out that my mother was doing something she didn't want me to know about. By putting the pieces together I came to have a clear image of the puzzle: my dear mother was cheating my father. Interestingly I didn't felt bad about nor had any negative feelings toward my mother.

Now its time to talk a little bit about Mom. Of course when one reads incest stories the mothers always are stunning tall women, looking much younger than they really are with long legs and beautiful rock-hard huge breasts. Sorry to say but this is not my mother's case: she is 55 blonde, with her slightly curly hair barely covering her nape of the neck. Considering the present beauty patterns Mom was a little chubby, not too much, stuff like 150 pounds, a cello shaped body, narrow waist and a large rounded beautiful derriere sitting over solid thighs.

Her breasts were smaller than the expected for a woman of her maturity but yes, they were firm with the nipples pointing proudly forward. Without being a beauty she had a very pleasant face where two elements stood out: the dark thick arching eyebrows and the large mouth adorned by pouty lips. I would learn later that Mom was that kind of beauty that is not perceived at a first sight, to really admire her was a process that takes time and one needs to be an admirer of exotic beauty

When I was 15 years old, my grandparents decided to sell their huge house and move to an apartment. It was a somewhat difficult decision to them to take since there were sentimental ties to the home. After my two uncles moved out of the town and there were no more grandchildren to populate the house; as slowly they stop attending the Christmas parties and the house became too expensive to maintain, with most of the rooms were permanently closed it became time to let go.

Before they sold the place they call all the children back to pick up personal belongings which were still stored there or claim any of the outstanding antique pieces of furniture that wouldn't all fit in the smaller apartment the elderly folks were moving to. My mother invited me to help her in picking up some of her personal belongings and select some pieces of furniture. After we put aside the furniture she wanted to keep, we went to a huge storage room at the top of the garage.

Mom was searching diligently throughout all that dusty junk for something important, though she tried to act casual. Picking through old photo albums, amidst some books and other stuff she found it, at the bottom of a trunk, a cardboard shoe-box, carefully tied in a faded silk ribbon. When I decided to untie the lace and check its contents Mom quickly took it form my hands saying that she knew what was inside. It looked suspicious but I decided to pretend I haven't noticed Mom's strange demeanor.

After we put all the selected items in a large cardboard box I helped Mom to put it in our car trunk. In the way back home I was thinking of the shoe-box and its content and which way best to put my hands on it. At home I helped my mother in cleaning or disposing all the stuff. While doing this in our den, I spied when Mom put the box aside and took it to her room. After that we both shower and Mom went to her room and locked the door. I stay in my own room with the door opened checking what was going on. Maybe one hour later Mom came out of her room and I noticed that she had hidden the box somewhere else out of sight, most probably in her large closet.

Few days later, most probably one Friday afternoon, I had the opportunity to hunt for that precious treasure. As usual Mom left to meet a friend and after she left I rushed to her closet. It was a large two sided walk-in, with the countless clothes my mother had carefully hung: the summer clothes on one side and the winter ones opposite. There was some drawers at one side and shoes slots in the other. In the upper part, over the hangers there was an area for pullovers and other items carefully folded and piled.

At a first glance I couldn't see the box, it was disappointing since I begun to suppose Mom to have gotten rid of the container and its contents. Carefully (we have all have read in a detective stories how to inspect a place without changing the things from its position) I opened the drawers. Not a trace of the box there, just an endless collection of silk panties, bra and girdles. After checking all drawers, I brought a chair from my room and start checking the upper part of the closet; it didn't take too much time to find a cloth bag hidden in the bottom end of a pile of sweaters and winter apparel.

With the hands shaking I carefully removed the bag and took it to my room. Inside the bag there was a pile old letters and a pile of photos. I was knocked out when I found that in almost all photos, maybe 50, Mom was naked or wearing only panties and stockings. They were black and white photos from mid to late fifties (it was mid-seventies by then). Interestingly and to my disappointment no picture showed Mom's pussy. She was wearing panties or with the legs crossed hiding the groin always hidden. On the other hand her beautiful voluminous derriere was seen in almost all of them.

In the beginning I was not inclined to read the letters as it was an invasion of Mom's privacy; but since I had already done it by sneaking into her closet I selected one and began to read. I was taken aback by the vernacular language and the sexual details about the things the sender and Mom did or what she was intending to do next time they got together.

Afraid of being caught I put all the stuff back taking care of leaving everything exactly the way I found. Even so, during several days after, I tried to notice any changes in Mom's behavior, thinking she would unexpectedly call me for a private conversation. To my fortune and relief nothing happened and I would find out years later she never had noticed my in-roads in her past.
Chapter 2
Home | Top | Oediplex's Page |   Feedback to author



Home | Oediplex's Page « Allan and His Mom Part 1 Index « Previous - Settings
Chapter 2: Peeping
Posted: July 02, 2010 - 09:04:59 am
?

It is easy to understand the turmoil I was living in at the time. The truth of matter is I was entranced by my discovery and even with the risk of being caught by my mother, at the first opportunity I was prying again in my mother closet. I decided to take some pictures and some letters as well and take them to my room to avoid being in a embarrassing situation in the event Mom came home sooner than expected.

Reading the letters was an emotion experience even bigger than watching Mom photos. All the letters were addressed to a PO Box nearby my grandparents' home and were sent by a guy called William. This guy was one of my uncle's closest friends and was considered almost as if a son by my grandfolks.

Studying the letter more carefully I noticed that they started when Mom was still single and ended almost one year after I was born. This guy was almost ten years older than Mom and was married at the time he wrote the letters. He worked as an engineer for a road contractor and was at the time living faraway from our city.

Quickly I changed my preference from the pictures to his letters. I was aroused by his language and the crude description of the things they did and what he was planning to do next time they get together. I remember one that particularly dazzled me. He described in details what they did last time they were together when he sodomized my mother in a bathroom at my grandparent's home! In my lack of knowledge I believed, up until then, that anal sex was something done only by homosexuals since the women had a pussy, the natural way to practice sex!

To reduce the risks I picked four of the pictures and hid them inside the cover of an old book. I still have these photos until now in spite of countless times I was tempted to destroy them but the common sense prevailed and they are still intact after all these years.

One funny thing about this period is I liked to see Mom's photos and mostly to read Will's letters but my mother wasn't the focal point of my sex fantasies. It was strange, in my teenager mind-set it was okay to look at her pictures but not masturbate imagining we were making love! Well, everybody knows how complicated is a teenager's mind. Of course after a certain time I wasn't satisfied only in reading the letters and gazing the photos and I became more and more interested in viewing Mom's naked body au naturel

I carefully evaluate several options but none of them seemed to be safe and the last thing I wanted was to be caught peeping on Mom. From my room it was virtually impossible, all I could see was a piece of her bed and the opposite wall, then I found out the solution! We lived on the 9th and upper floor of the building, sort of a penthouse. There was an area over the living and dining rooms where my father built a space for a barbecue and a kind of home office where he could study and prepare his classes.

The rest of the roof was occupied by the elevator's powerhouse and was separated from our property by an eight feet high wall. I got a short ladder from the janitor and climbed the wall walking over the roof of the service area. It was dangerous since there was no protection and it would be a nine-story fall if I slithered over the old shingles. But the view worth the risks; from there I had an obstructed view of my parent's room.

Since Mom's room window faced the elevator's well she didn't bother to shutting the curtains. I anxiously waited for the first opportunity, which didn't take too long. Once I had just arrived from school when she said she was going to meet an friend I said it was okay and told her I was going to leave also. When she closed the door of her room I rushed upstairs and carefully walked over the roof and laid in such a way she couldn't see me.

The curtain wasn't fully opened but gave a perfect vision of the corner of her room where the wardrobe and a small vanity table was located. Few minutes after, Mom came from the bathroom in a towel wrapping her body and another on the head. To my happiness she undid the towel on her torso exposing her naked body! I could see her small tits still firm in spite of her age and a triangle of golden hair covering the lower part of her belly. Then she opened the wardrobe and bent over looking for underwear in the drawers then giving a full view of her voluminous buttocks.

She at that point begun to dress offering a reverse striptease. Garter belt and stockings followed the panties and bra. My mother never liked pantyhose. She used to say that they were good for young girls wearing miniskirts and were the least sexy item a woman could wear. When she left I went back to my room and putting my scruples aside I finally masturbated having Mom in my mind.

For that whole year I peeped on Mom changing clothes and she rewarded me with different and exciting views, such as one day she was naked and the telephone rang. It was a long conversation and at a certain moment she laid in the bed and while talking she played slightly with her pussy. I wouldn't say that she was masturbating but anyway it was great to see her absently touching the slit with a tip of her finger.

My voyeurism on Mom didn't last too long, maybe one year. To my disappointment my father decided to sell the apartment. It was a half a century old building and was plenty of problems, mostly in the pipelines and the elevators needed a full overhauling what would cost a fortune. Our new apartment didn't offer any change for voyeurism since my parent's room faced the front of the building. Another bad surprise happened when I looked for the pack of letter and photos and couldn't find them. I would learn later on from my mother that she had destroyed them before we moved. Fortunately I had saved the four ones I kept in my possession.

That summer I was sent to US in a student's exchange program sponsored by the US State Department. It was a period of discovery in all aspects. I had a great time, I was sent to Atlanta to the house of a lovely couple of middle aged folks that treated me as their own son. The home chores I was assigned were mowing the grass and doing laundry, dealing with the washing and drying machines were new to me. The opportunities to make some extra money by mowing the grass of our neighbors was useful. Besides we attended the Methodist Church on Sundays and the weekends we camp at the lake Occone and the Tallulah Falls at Georgia Mountains.

Another very important fact was my initiation in sex: I had a school mate, a Dutch girl that in spite of being quite a few months my junior was a veteran in sex. She was absolutely uninhibited and supported by her mother that sent her the pills every month! We had hot sexual sessions both in the basement of the house I lived as at hers. Her American parents were much more complacent than mine.

Every Friday night they went out for drinks with friends and we stay at her home fucking like two rabbits. It was interesting because she hated to drink cum and complained that Americans always wanted a blowjob. She wasn't bothered by having a dick deep in her mouth, but would not allow someone to fill her mouth with sperm and wouldn't swallow it.

The other woman I had sex with was the daughter of one of our neighbors. She lived in Jacksonville, Florida with her husband and a baby. He was crew member of the aircraft carrier John Kennedy. The carrier was based somewhere in Virginia but his squadron was based in Jax. When he was gone for six months on sea duty she came back to her parent's house. The issue was she was a nynpho and soon was fucking with every man in the neighborhood. Conversely from my Dutch girlfriend she loved to drink cum.

Usually when I came back from the summer educational program I attended and before start on my housework I quickly rushed to her house. The home had a basement apartment that her parents had finished for her and we could fuck without problems, with the baby sleeping in his cradle beside the bed! She introduced me to the exciting world of anal sex and many times I enjoyed her tight back entrance.

It didn't last long: one night she was caught by the police giving a blowjob to a man in the outskirts of the small airport that existed in our neighborhood. It was a big scandal because the man, in spite of being single, lived in our neighborhood. They quickly moved to another location and I spent the rest of the time just with my Dutch friend. One occasion when she was in her period she eventually, after much insistence, agreed in let me fuck her in the ass (she never had done it before). We did it several occasions during my stay in Atlanta but she was never an enthusiast.

By the end of that summer I returned to my country. The first months were as horny to me as the first days in US. I wasn't interested in a serious relationship with any girl and the great majority of girls of my social and economic level weren't willing to accept intimacies unless they saw a future in the relationship. But it wasn't in my plans to seriously date someone, since I still had four years of college ahead.

My sister was in the verge of getting married to one of my father's interns and Mom was busy organizing every detail of the ceremony and the wedding party. During conversation between the three of us I notice a very subtle friction between them, especially when it came to my sister. Compared to the times before I left for the US my sister seemed to be brisk and not friendly in many of the discussions with mom. In the beginning I assumed that it was caused by the natural difference in opinion in the whole wedding process. It seemed, at least to me, that Mom was trying to impose her opinions over my sister.

I found out once that there was something beyond the wedding issues. It was when I heard my sister talking on the telephone with her future husband and at certain moment she said something like: "that old slut doesn't have the minimum moral authority to tell me what to do!" Well, it was clear that my sister had found out something about our mother's demeanor and private activities during my absence.

The wedding celebration was a great party and my father gave them a honeymoon in Tahiti and afterward they would be definitively living in a different country. It took place in mid-November and my college period would start March next year so I was preparing myself to enjoy the last of my vacations before the hard adult life got started. To be honest, I didn't know what to do, but I was trying to convince my granddad to give me some money to travel.

It was interesting the change in Mom's behavior: she had been always very modest at home (what she did outside was another thing) but after my sister's marriage she seemed to be more relaxed and less careful in the way she dressed. Just two quick examples: once I came home in the mid-afternoon and she called me from the laundry room asking if I was alone. I said yes and went there. To my surprise (and delight) she was pressing a dress wearing only panties, bra, girdle and stockings.

The panties and bra were made of sheer nylon fabrics and completely see-through showing the nipples and the aureoles. We chatted until she finish pressing the dress and I followed her close admiring her butt fully exposed underneath the panties, the crack between the mounds completely visible. This was maybe the first, but certainly not the last, time she exhibit her body to me.

Once I planned to spend the weekend with some other folks on the farm of one of the guy's parents. It was some three hours driving and we were to set off early on a Saturday morning, around 5:30, they would pick me up about then. I woke up and after preparing a quick breakfast I was ready to leave when I saw mommy coming in my direction. She was wearing only a tiny nightgown that went down to the middle of her thighs. She came close and start giving some advise, stuff like don't drink too much and the safety concerns on the road. All kind of the things a mother always says to her son when they are living home. At the end she hug me, pressing her body against mine.

Instinctively I put both hands around her waist pulling her body strongly against mine while feeling her warm breath against my tee shirt. My open hand slithered down over her butt and I didn't feel the elastic band of panties. Mom was naked underneath. I would learn later that she never wore panties to sleep. When she gave me a good bye kiss I moved my head quickly so her lips touched mine. And it wasn't only a quick rub; our lips stayed together of a larger lapse of time than it would be expected. If I weren't wearing tight jeans, for sure she would have felt the hardness of my prick against her lower groin.

Another important thing I learned was her difference in behavior when we there just the two of us as opposed to when my father was around. When we were alone she was much more affectionate, more relaxed, she hugged me and kiss me in a different way and after that morning farewell we got into the habit of kissing slightly in the lips. In the other occasion I was studying in my room when she knocked the door and stepped in with soda and snacks in a tray.

Being the first days of December in the Southern Hemisphere it was pretty hot and she was wearing shorts and a light shirt. After putting the tray on my desk she came close to receive the usual kiss and I held her by the waist and pulled her against me. Mom sat on my lap and put both arms over my shoulders and we stay like that talking for a long time.

Before Christmas season my father told us that the Medical School where he was teaching had appointed him to take a one-month training in a new gastro-surgery sponsored by the Royal College of Surgeons in London. The course would take the whole month of January. Firstly I supposed that Mom would travel with him but to my surprise she immediately declined saying that London in January would be too cold for her.

My granddad eventually consented to give me a car but only after I had started in college, which mean March of next year. So I was trying to figure out something to do during January and February, maybe accept the offer from a friend to remodel an old sailboat he had bought and was planning to use for a around the globe sailing after he completed his degree. The money wasn't great but at least I would have food, beer and fun for the rest of the summer. It was then my mother came with a proposal...
Chapter 3
Home | Top | Oediplex's Page |   Feedback to author


Home | Oediplex's Page « Allan and His Mom Part 1 Index « Previous - Settings
Chapter 3: The Beach House
Posted: July 02, 2010 - 09:04:59 am
?

One afternoon, just after Christmas, Mom asked about my plans for the rest of the summer. I briefly explained my thoughts, and when I asked about hers she told me she might spend the period my Father would be in London in a house my granddad had in a condominium by the sea. This house was received a few months before as part of payment in a case he had worked as attorney. Since he wasn't interested in keeping it he would put it for sale and Mom thought she might like to enjoy it before it was gone.

She mentioned about taking a friend, one of her best two friends that was divorced at the time. This woman, one of Mom's tennis pals had a fifteen years old daughter. My mother never had been there so she, her friend and the daughter drove there one day. The place wasn't too faraway, maybe 170 miles north of where we lived and served by a nice new highway. She was visibly disappointed at night upon her return.

She explained that the things weren't exactly like she imagined: what was supposed to be a gated community was unfinished since the developer went bankruptcy before ending the work. Most of the streets weren't even paved and there was a portico but not a gate and just few scattered houses had been built. In the other hand the house was very good, roomy and just finished. The daughter of Mom's friend was very clear in saying that she wouldn't want to spent three weeks in the middle of nowhere, she'd rather spend the summer with her father. Her mother was a little more polite but used the daughter's refusal as an excuse to decline the invitation.

At the same time my friend told me that he only could start working on the boat the last week of January since he was needed to help his father in their hardware shop. That evening, talking to Mom, I volunteered to go along with her to the summerhouse. In the beginning she was trying to dissuaded me saying that for sure I going to get bored in few days, that it was a deserted place, faraway from the small city, etc. Eventually we came to an agreement: if I got bored she would bring me back home. My father departed right after New Years day and we traveled a day later.

My first impression of the place wasn't any good but I did my best to hide it from Mom saying that it was okay. The house itself was very interesting, built with demolition materials, the floor was covered with beautiful old pine planks and the high ceiling showing the ancient large wooden square beams still bearing the remnants of its old paint. The internal doors were also from old houses that had begun to be demolished in the town. The walls of the living room were built with recycled old bricks and left exposed.

After everything was settled and the house organized we decided to go to the city to have lunch. It was mid-afternoon, we were both starving. The little city by the sea was very poor at that time. Out of the whole circuit of beach cities around the area we lived, it only started a rocketing growth after they discover offshore oil in the mid eighties right in front of what was then, almost a village.

Ten years prior to petroleum discovery it was almost like at the beginning of the century when it was an important harbor for sugar exports. After the declining of the sugar industry the center of the city seemed frozen in time. Most of the one or two story buildings in front of a large square plaza facing the river were from the beginning of 20th century.

After lunch we went back home and Mom decided to take a nap and I sat in the front porch to enjoy the breeze coming from the ocean. The water was only a few yards from the house and hidden by a tall dune covered by strange low vegetation. After sometime I decided to explore the area and walked to the north side of the peninsula where the development was located. Behind the dune there was a somewhat (at least compared to the two adjacent beaches) long beach, something like half a mile long.

This beach was flanked by two coves, one a little bigger but the second was very small and with very difficult access. It was necessary to climb up the rocks through a narrow path and then go down a steep slope of sand. In the middle of the diminutive cove there was a rock formation against which the surging surf made sprays of water, a few feet from the beach line. The north face of the peninsula faced open ocean and conversely to the wide beach in southern side the sea was much tougher and with high waves. The peculiarity of this small cove was that if one stays behind the rocks the water was calm but otherwise, on both sides, there was a strong undertow current.

I probably strolled around for a couple of hours and then decided to go back home. Mom was waiting for me sitting in the porch hammock and reading a book. We had a brief chat I went inside for a shower and we prepared a light meal. Needless to say there was no TV or any other kind of amenity so after another chat session on the dark porch we decided that was time to sleep, at least I, that haven't had a nap was pretty tired. We locked the house but even so, the Venetian shutters provided almost as an air-conditioning, with the ocean wind whispering in the sea pines that surrounded the house.

After a goodnight kiss Mom went to her room and I stayed in the kitchen, drinking water. When I turn off the hallway lights I perceived a point of bright light in Mom's room door. I found out the reason: the old door still sported the original locks with the old skeleton key system. I couldn't hold out against temptation and silently approached the door and knelling looked through the keyhole.

Mom had just released her ponytail and immediately begun to undress. With quick movements she removed the blouse exposing the naked breasts. The short and panties followed in order and I could see again her naked body in its full splendor. Unfortunately she moved out of my field vision and when she returned was already wearing a light nightgown.

The vision of her naked body sparked some feelings that I had believed were long past. Conversely, from my beliefs they were only dormant, waiting the first opportunity to upsurge into its full strength. That night, for the first time in many months, I masturbated thinking of my mother. After having my horniness relieved I begun to think about the subject.

What seemed in the beginning a good idea, to stay with Mom in that place, would become a torture chamber! Up to that moment I was conscious that my sexual fondness for Mom was some sort of wishful thinking. It was great in my dirtiest dreams, but I never consider it would really happen or that my Mom would accept having sexual relations with her own son. With windmills in my mind I fell asleep with a bitter taste in my mouth.

Next day, after the breakfast, we went to the city to buy fresh fish in the town market. The city wasn't so awfully faraway from our house, but it was a bit of a walk. By car it was a mere five minutes. After preparing the fish (Mom is an excellent cook) we went to the beach by our place. Mom was wearing a bikini but nothing that would be considered too sexy. It was a typical bikini to be worn by women at Mom's age (about forty then).

Being a light skin person Mom remained under the umbrella reading for most of the time. Around 1:00 PM we went back home and before showering we worked on our lunch: Mom placed the full fish we had bought that morning in the oven and put some potatoes to boil. After that she went to the bathroom while I was fixing the table. Mom added more excitement to my sexual high up by walking out of the bathroom wrapped in a short towel.

Instead of going directly to her room she went to the kitchen were I was helping with the preparation of our lunch. To add more pain to my misery she crouched in front of the oven to check the how the fish was. By doing it she forced the towel upwards exposing half of her butt! I avidly rushed to the bathroom and under the cold water I relieved another load of sperm.

During the lunch I was hit by a sort of guilty feeling. I felt heartbroken from my dirty feelings on my mother. In my thoughts it was one thing for a youthful boy, virgin and inexperienced to be having a sexual attraction to his mother. On the other hand, it was unusual, perhaps even unnatural I reasoned, for an twenty year old and experienced young man to behaving the same sort of feelings. What I would learn later was that my mother had an opposite view on that kind of relationship; when we later openly talked about the subject, she said she never would accept to have sexual relationship with her own son in his teens, though she was now having one with him only two years later.

The next few days nothing changed in our routine and I made a point to not peer on Mom again. One morning I woke up feeling something different in the air. It took me sometime to become aware of it: the wind that continuously blew from the ocean stopped. We followed our routine but returning from the beach we felt the difference: under the bright sun and without the wind blowing the house became an oven!

We were feeling like in a sauna and the first thing we decided was to replace the lunch by a quick meal: only sandwiches and a salad. We opened all windows but it was of little help especially my room that faced west and was receiving all the heat. Around four o'clock mom came out of her room saying that she was melting. I invited her to go to the beach front were the temperature would be milder. I suggested we should go to the small cove were the high cliffs that framed the shore would provide some shade at that time of the day.

Half of the cove was already in the shade and the temperature was remarkably milder than in our house. We sat on the sands and we began to chat. At a certain point I told Mom I was going to water and invited her to do the same. I was wearing my Bermuda shorts so it wasn't a big deal. I supposed that Mom would do the same since she was wearing a halter-top and short cutoffs. To my surprise she removed the top and shorts and only in panties and bra grabbed my hand and we went to the water.

It must be pointed out that Mom wasn't wearing a bikini or skimpy underwear. Hers were old-fashioned cotton pieces, maybe even larger than her bikinis. The water was delicious and refreshed our sweaty bodies but at the same time her panties, once soaked, became completely transparent. Even so she didn't show any discomfort when we stepped out of the sea and propped up our elbows we laid on the sand.

Furtively I start looking at her lower belly and the triangle of golden hair divided by the pussy lips was entirely visible. We stay there for a long time, I silently praying to Mom not perceive my erection under the shorts. When the sun was low enough in the horizon to keep the whole cove in the shade we decided that was time to leave.

We went back to water to remove the sand from our bodies. I put my shirt back and to my surprise; I expect Mom to do the same, she turned her back to me and removed the bra, dressing in the halter top and then, with a quick movement, she lowered the panties exposing her magnificent derriere and hastily put the shorts on. It didn't last more than few seconds but was an unforgettable view of her bare buttocks just few feet from me!

The house remained hot as hell and we decided to rush to the city to buy two fans. Back home we installed one fan in the porch and sat together in the hammock. Once again it was an exciting sensation to feel Mom's bare leg against mine. I put an arm over her shoulders and she leaned her head on my chest. We stay there for a long time in silence. I was thinking about on the future of the relationship with my mother and feeling guilty about the feelings I had for her.

I mused about that afternoon; it was great to watch her bare butt, but on the other hand I felt like betraying her confidence. The fact that she, in a so unaffected and innocent way had exposed her body, seemed to me as a token of trusting her own son and not that she hadn't meant to exhibit her body in any sexual way. I was living very tough moments: tormented by my adult view of the problem and plagued by what I considered childish feelings.

My contemplation of the quandary was interrupted by Mom's voice: "Let's do something different: let's go back to town and have dinner in that seafood restaurant of the first day!" I quickly showered and we headed back to the city. I was wearing Bermuda shorts and Mom a sleeveless dress shirt in light cotton fabrics. As is easy to imagine, the small rural city at nearly nine o'clock in the evening of a week day was almost deserted.

We sat in the restaurant and ordered lemonade; both my mother and I weren't fond of alcoholic beverages despite once in a while I drank a beer. During the dinner Mom did her best to keep a conversation and I pretended to be interested answering her questions and talk mostly about my experiences in US. After the dinner she suggested we to walk in the small promenade in the river front.

Trees covered the plaza and the promenade was some half-mile long, stretching far away from the plaza. As we walked, Mom held my hand entwining her fingers on mine. At a certain moment I put my hand over her shoulders and she held me by the waist. Eventually we arrived at an the old place were the barges had once moored to be loaded with sugar. There was still the ramp and two sets of stairs, one in each side of the incline. We went downstairs to the cement loading platform almost at the water level. An iron railing surrounded the platform and Mom leaned over it looking at the river while I was few feet behind leaning against the still warm cement wall.

Once again was Mom who broke the silence between us: "Allan, tell me sincerely: are you bored to be here?"

"No, I'm not."

"Please be honest with your mother, it seems to me that perhaps you are unhappy with the situation, but as a good son you don't want to complain or ruin my stay here. If this is the case let's pack and return to home tomorrow morning. I'm not sure that your old mother is the best companion to a young man like you."

I assured to my mother that it was all okay and promised to her I would openly tell when and if I got bored. Then, in a sudden impetus, I came close to her and wrapped my arms against her body pressing my belly against her bottom. "Do me a favor, never say again this foolishness: by any means you are NOT my OLD mother!"

'Well, I really believe I am. At forty-four I can be everything, but a young girl

I hugged her tightly and she responded by raising her torso and leaning her body against mine, I could smell the suave perfume that emanated from her hair. "Do you promise don't be angry with me if I say something?"

"No, of course not. What is it?"

"This afternoon at the beach you looked so beautiful, naked"

Mom giggled and answered: I'm glad to know I'm still attractive to an young man like you."

"You don't need to care about your body, it has a mature beauty. I'm sure that any man would love to be your boyfriend." At that moment I was pressing Mom's body against the railing and I sure she was feeling my erection against her butt crack. As a matter of fact, I was expecting that at any moment, under some excuse, Mom would break our fond embrace.

However, she wasn't showing any intention in doing so, just the opposite: she seemed to be very pleased with our intimacy. Her acceptance to my advances made me bolder and I lower my head and kissed her on the neck, right over the dress collar and I swear I noticed a light shudder hitting her body.

Looking over her shoulder I perceived her small tits free under the light dress moving in the rhythm of her accelerated breathing. My first impulse was to unbutton her dress and put a hand inside the dress and gently grasp one of her tits. However, I was experienced enough to know that even if she accept my caresses at that moment, on the way back home she would have time enough to ponder about what we had been doing and no doubt put an end to it.

I figured out that moment was a chance of a lifetime, and if it were misconducted I not only would ruin our vacation, but even worse: once back home she would treat me in a way that would make another venture impossible. So I restrain my impulses and begun to rub the tip of my fingers on her arm. It was an innocent caress, just enough to not be rejected by my mother, yet at the same time pleasurable enough to be allowed. It stretched through those extended minutes.

"It's a so long time ago since I had moments like these." She whispered. We stay there for a long time, my hard prick poking her derriere, my hands caressing her arms. The night sky was becoming darker and it seemed that what the waiter told us at the restaurant was in the verge of happening. According to that wise old man, every time the wind stop blowing from the ocean in the summer season, a strong shower followed a few hours later.

He was right, on the way back home a tiny rain quickly turned into a shower. Driving carefully on the gravel road I had a chance to define my plan: I would make an attempt, if Mom refused, which was my expectation, I always had the right excuse: it was simply the natural reaction of a horny young man alone in an almost deserted place, in the company of an attractive woman. When we arrived back to our bungalow I invited Mom to sit in the hammock while the house cooled down a little. Mom gladly accepted my suggestion, and while I opened all the windows she was preparing a jug of lemonade.

We sat again in the hammock while I hoped the for best opportunity to recreate the magical interlude we enjoyed at the river front. We sip our lemonades in silence for sometime, watching the heavy shower pouring down over the roof with the sound of a drum; at a certain moment the rain was so strong that I couldn't see some yards ahead, it was like a milk curtain.

Once again Mom came to my help: she set her glass over on the small side table and once again nested against my chest. I put my hand over her head and released the ponytail. In spite of being practical for her, I didn't like her lightly curly hair arranged in a ponytail. Then I started slithering very lightly the tip of a finger over her face. The other hand was covering her arm and I could feel the skin covered by goose-bumps.

She was breathing heavily and trying to suppress her sighs. At a certain moment I felt that it was the proper time and putting a hand under her chin, I raised her head and gave a peck on her lips. Conversely from our habits that wasn't just a quick peck, a mere brush of the lips, but without trying to forcing her to open the lips and trying to French kiss her, only to placed my lips over hers directly. In spite of her voiceless acceptance of my advances, I was expecting that at any moment she would find that enough is enough and stop me.

She finally broke our kiss, but to my amazement she said: "Allan, are you sure you know what are you doing?"

"Yes, I know. I'm kissing a beautiful woman."

"Even if this woman is your own mother?"

"What is the problem? Was my silly answer. Of course, by any means of looking at it, a big problem!

"I'm afraid your are doing it just because these very special circumstances. We are here, just you and me, you saw me naked this afternoon. It all creates a favorable atmosphere. We need to think on what going happens once we go back home and need to face the day-by-day life. I'm afraid you would start to blame me for not stopping you at the proper time."

"Listen to me Mom; I'm not a young boy that is on the verge of being seduced by his mother. We are two adults conscious of what we are doing. I know exactly what it does means and what the consequences are. Her reaction was to press her head strongly against my chest and hold me tight. I waited for some moments and decided to restart my advances to see if she would let me to go any further. I placed a hand over her breast and slowly moved to the dress front opening; after undoing a button I inserted a hand in the opening and cupped one of her breasts.

As I imagined the small teat was still very firm and the nipple pebble hard. I played with her tit holding it in the palm of my hand, delicately squeezing that adorable petite part of Mom's anatomy. Her only reaction was to respond each time with louder sighs. I decide to move to a next step: I opened the front of her dress down to the waist, fully exposing her chest.

After admiring it for sometime I lowered my face over one breast and begun to suckle the nipple. Without hurry I endlessly sucked and played with both tits; Mom's only reaction was to caress the back of my head with an open hand and sigh. Then I opened the remained buttons fully exposing her body, now she was clad only in white cotton panties. At last I looked up and broke the silence between us. "You know what I want now? It's to see you fully naked, like at the beach, this afternoon."

"Let's go inside." She whispered.
Chapter 4
Home | Top | Oediplex's Page |   Feedback to author





Home | Oediplex's Page « Allan and His Mom Part 1 Index « Previous - Settings
Chapter 4: The Time Of Bliss
Posted: July 03, 2010 - 09:15:04 am

"Let's go inside", she whispered. "First of all let me go to the bathroom for a moment." She said.

"No, come with me, I'm going to shut all windows." Was my answer.

"I need to pee." She whispered shyly.

"You must promise you are not running away."

Mom laughed and as if reading my thoughts added: "You don't need to be afraid, I will not change my mind." As evidence of her intentions she came close and hugging me tightly placed her open mouth over mine in a passionate French kiss. Our tongues entwined while I quickly rolled down her panties making them fall around her ankles. My hand roamed freely over her derriere squeezing the two large soft globes.

Eventually we broke and she went to the bathroom while I rushed to close all windows. I went to her room and sat in the bed hearing the sound of the shower running. It seemed to be an eternity but eventually the shower stopped; soon the bathroom door opened and Mom shown up wrapped in a towel. Like I was propelled by a spring I stood up and removing the towel, held her naked body in my arms. Then she slipped into bed as I almost torn my shirt in the hurry to remove it, the Bermuda and jockeys quickly followed the shirt and naked I laid aside Mom.

For the first time I had the opportunity to watch Mom's naked body in its splendor at a so short distance. It was completely different from when I peeped on her from the top of the roof. At that moment I wasn't an intruder voyeuristically enjoying a forbidden pleasure. No, at that moment I was few inches away from that long sought after woman, I could feel the warmth radiated from her body. It was hard to believe that after four years my ultimate dream was on the verge of coming true.

I moved my body the few inches that separated us and leaning over her chest, I poured my lips once more over hers. Her large mouth and semi-opened pouty lips received mine. Her orifice opened and again our tongues began thrusting in each other's mouth. I feel her hard nipples poking my chest. I remember very well thinking to myself that I didn't know if I would have another chance to enjoy my mother's body, so I decided to extend that opportunity as much as I could.

I broke our kiss and begun a visual journey over her naked body. The diminutive nipples were surrounded by light pinkish-brown aureoles crowned her tits. Going lower, my eyes reached her belly. Like the nipples the belly button was small and delicate. Her tummy was a little protruding but nothing capable of detracting the voluptuous of the whole set. As a matter of fact it added sexiness to her body, like something that was there to remember, the beholder was staring on a mature woman still in the peak of her sensuality. The lower belly was adorned with a small, carefully trimmed, triangle of light blond hair.

It was interesting that Mom having natural honey ash hair would have plain light color pubic hair. The majority of natural blondes I have met have curly and reddish pubic hair. Mom's fur was so tiny that one could see the slit and the tip of her clitoris barely hidden by the golden hair.

Maybe nowadays one would say that Mom's body is not in accordance with the present aesthetics standards but in my opinion it was beautiful. The thin waistline (I think it was called? ee waist widened into the generous contour of her hips and was supported by the solid, thick thighs. It was an unforgettable presented to the eyes of an eighteen years old boy.

I inserted a hand between her thighs and she, understanding my intentions, freely separated the legs. Coming closer I deeply inhaled the odor that emanated from Mom's privates. In spite of having been recently washed, her pussy already smelled again of that tender and unique scent that I learned to love with passion. Putting a hand in each side of her snatch I delicately opened the labia exposing the pink and humid flesh of its inside and making the clit pop out.

I came close and placed the tip of my tongue on the tender parts of Mom's insides. She moaned and opened the legs in a wordless invitation to eat her pussy. I pressed my face against her groin forcing the tongue in her vaginal channel. The long sessions with my neighbor in US were showing its usefulness. That young woman had been a sort of teacher in my learning the finer points of sexual activities, particularly oral sex that she especially prized. If Mom was trying to keep a cool attitude regarding the fact she was having sex with her own son at that moment she lost any remain of self-control. With the legs wide opened she was moaning noisily and swaying the hips slowly.

I tongue fucked Mom for a long time, unhurriedly I licked and sucked her pussy, paying homage to the place I came out to life many before. When eventually her body trembled in a quick succession of convulsive movements. I crawled over her body; she had the eyes shut and her face was red. She was breathing heavily like she had been suffocating. That was the moment of decision and I held my penis, pointing it against my mother's pussy and with increasing pressure of my body against hers I was sliding my dick in her womb.

Eventually I felt my shaft deeply buried in my mother's body and I begun to push and pull in an increasing tempo. Mom kept the eyes shut but again she started panting and moaning in a higher and higher pitch. I held her tightly, pistoning like a crazy in her warm vagina. I was too excited, in spite of all my resolve to extend our intercourse, I couldn't hold out very long and my nuts expelled a strong boiling stream of semen in the deepest part of Mom's womb.

We were both fatigued; in our hurry to get in bed together we forgot to bring a fan. In spite that the temperature had dropped a little, with the windows closed it was pretty warm inside and our bodies were covered by sweat. It felt like having just dived in the ocean or as if we were coming out of a sauna, we were soaked.

As expected after satiated, with our minds cooled down, we were facing the raw fact that, as mother and son, we had committed incest (we found later that this was a mutual feeling). We remain silent for a long time each one trying to cope with what seemed to be the other's annoyance. Eventually I decided to break with the discomfort and begun to lightly peck mom's lips.

She told me later she was expecting some kind of guilty reaction in my side, the kind of: 'Oh my God! What the hell did I do?' so she felt visibly relived seeing it was all okay with me. Her serious face was turning into a shy smile and soon we were exchanging kisses like two sweethearts that had just discovered the pleasures of playing kissy-face.

Conversely from the sex stories I have been reading I'm not that kind of over-sexed man able to ejaculate several times in a row. Even when I was young I was able to masturbate three/four times a week and it always took me a bit of time to be ready for another sexual combat.

"How are you feeling?" I eventually built courage to break the silence.

"Better than I would expect. How about you?"

"I'm feeling like I'm in heaven. It's an old dream coming true."

"Really?" She asked. Without sharing about the photos and letters, I told her about my efforts to see her and my adventures as a roof climber. Mom laughed, flattered with my interest for her. "Now if you don't mind I need another shower." She said.

My first thought was to follow her and share a bath but I quickly came to conclusion that it wouldn't be appropriate at that first time. While she was bathing I looked for the fan in my room and then went myself for a shower. When I returned to her room, wrapped in a towel she was already dressed in a nightgown. I wasn't even sure that she would allow me to sleep there but I took the risk.

"Do you mind if we sleep together?" She shook with a smile illuminating her face like she had been waiting for my request. I unwrapped the towel around my waist and dove naked underneath the sheets. "Do you mind sleeping naked?"

"No, but you must promise to be a good boy. Its time to sleep." She said peeling off the gown. I was exhausted by the happenings of the last hours. I hugged Mom's warm naked body against mine and almost immediately I fell sound asleep.

I woke up with the first lights of the dawn coming through the slats of the Venetian shutters. Slowly I was recapping why I was there sleeping naked in my mother's bed and I was struck by a strange feeling. May be it was when I became fully aware of what we have done few hours before. All of a sudden I found out that, among millions of young boys sexually attracted by their mothers I was one of the few that had been able to transgress the gates of the sexuality's last taboo.

And I wasn't feeling guilty or discomforted one whit over what I (better saying we) had done. It was a wonderful experience, by far better than my two previous experiences with other women. Even today, almost thirty years after it happened, it still hard to define what I was then feeling. If to most people incest would carry all the charge of sin, rather than a disgusting act to me, at that moment I felt a person that have received an unique privilege.

Just then, I was struck by a flash of uncertainty: and wondered about Mom, how would she react after her lust was satiated? What would she think, realizing that she had her pussy eaten and her body penetrated by her son? How would she manage the future of our relationship? I just had certainty about one thing: from that moment on our relationship, for good or bad, never would be the same. Even being confident about my feelings on what Mom and I have done, I must admit that I felt some discomfort imagining how it would be to look Mom in the eyes during the breakfast.

Several times I was tempted to touch mom's body; wake up her and see what would happen. However, thinking twice I decided that it would be the worst option: she could wake up in a different mood than a woman that open her eyes to find her body been fondled by her husband or lover. Anyway it took me a long time to fall asleep again.

I slept heavily for a long time and woke up with the sounds of the breakfast been fixed. I rushed to the bathroom and under the shower I prepared myself to the most feared moment: look Mom in the eyes and have the conversation I knew wouldn't be easy. Dressed in swimming trunks and a tee shirt I stepped at the kitchen. Mom was preparing French toast and the smell of cinnamon and freshly brewed coffee was spread in the whole kitchen. Same as me she was already wearing her bath suit and a pareo type skirt, which is wrapped around the waist fully exposing the area between the bikini bra and the waistline.

"Hi." It was all I could say. Mom turned her head and smiled. Thank God! at least she wasn't showing a somber face. I helped her in setting the table and we start eating in silence. Eventually we exchanged a few words about the weather: the sun was shinning, the breeze blowing, all indicating that we would have back the pleasant weather as we had in the first days at the peninsula.

Mom's behavior was enthralling me. She was talking and acting like nothing had ever happened between us. As the episode of the last night had been erased from her mind and our lives. I knew Mom very well, she wasn't the kind of personality that tend to clear up problems simply by ignoring them. And the answer to my anguish came in the moment we were preparing the stuff we were taking to the beach: a thermos of iced tea, some fruits and snacks.

"Allan, I believe we need to talk about yesterday." She said in her resolute timbre. My heart skipped a beat or may be several, but for good or bad that was a conversation we need to have soon or later, and the sooner the better.

I walked to the living room followed by Mom. I set in the couch and she stood standing, the body leaning against the wall, the arms crossed over the breasts. That wasn't a good indication. I remembered that when I was young that was the posture adopted by my mother when we had something serious to talk about.

"I don't know your feelings about what happened last night..." In the beginning she was a little hesitant, but soon she was again the resolute woman I knew. "but be sure there's nothing to regret or feel bad about. Let's say that several elements were put together driving us to do something that usually a mother and her son don't even consider normally. As you said we are both adults and must take responsibility for our acts."

"Even so," she continued, "I believe that if we disregard all those old rules and religious beliefs on this kind of relationship there is not too much to be reproached. Furthermore we weren't the first and certainly will be not the last ones to do it. Anyway if someone must be blamed for everything its me. As your mother, older and a more experienced person than you, I ought to have put an end to it, when the things start getting out of control."

Definitively the paths of our discussion were taken a direction I didn't like. Mom's message clearly was: Its okay, it happened but from now on forget about. Let's go back to traditional mother son relationship. And I decided to do my best to avoid such course.

"You don't need to take any responsibility. If something must be blamed on you is the fact you are a very attractive woman. If you were fat and ugly, Mom it never would happened!" Mom's answer to my compliment was a shy smile but there was an unmistakable spark of joy in her eyes.

"Well let us then blame on the moment. Otherwise you never would paid attention on my account. I found out we ware walking in circles and if I really want to move forward I must take the initiative.

"No, you are wrong, this is not new. It started years ago, with me."

"What? What do you mean?"

I nodded and said, "Are you interested in knowing the whole story?" Mom had her mouth open it, seemed her chin would reach the floor in a moment. "Sit down here. And I patted the couch by me. "Its a long story. In a typical woman's stance she sat with a leg tucked under her, one arm over the backrest looking at me. In the position the pareo wrap opened reveling a substantial piece of her thigh. I told her the whole story, starting with the day we were selecting furniture and family mementos at my granddad's house, the discovery of the pack of photos and letters, the climbing excursions on the elevator's roof. Mom listened to me without blinking and in absolute silence.

"Well, that is it. Now you know everything. As you can see I had been hoping for this for a long time. A long and heavy silence fell over us. It was clear that my mother was trying to process all information she just had received and I patiently wait for her to say something.

"My God, I hardly can believe what you've just shared!" She whispered.

"Didn't you ever perceived something unusual in my relationship to you?"

"Of course when you were around fourteen, exactly when you said you became sexually interested in me, I perceived some changes in your attitudes. Sons at the age of ten tend to become ashamed of their mothers and avoid any physical contact. It seems they are trying to look like adults and believe that mother's cheerfulness and affection is more appropriate for younger kids. After that period some of you develop a 'special interest' in their moms."

"For instance I had read an interesting article in one of those woman's magazines. The matter dealt with the mother/son subject and the author had interviewed several mothers. Almost simultaneously Laura was facing problems of this nature with her son and we exchanged some ideas on how to address the question (this woman, Laura, was one of the two Mom's best friends). The three of them were very sexually active. Conversely from Mom, both Laura and their third friend were divorced.

We were silent again looking into each other face. After telling my story and having heard her comments my excitement was high again. Besides Mom sating with the pareo opened, exposing her leg was an unbearable temptation. Once again I decided to take the initiative and approaching her I placed my lips over her in a light peck.

"Allan, no!" She whispered with her lips still rubbing mine.

"Why, you didn't like it?"

"You know we can't, it's wrong." I barely could heard her words. It was clear that she wouldn't do anything to stop me, her objection was merely vocal and so feeble that I decided to move ahead. I held the back of her head with one hand and place the other over her thigh.

"Please Allan, stop!" She moaned again. I moved the hand over her thigh upwards and undid the knot of the pareo at her waist. I move the hand over the waistline and quickly slithered it under the bikini touching her pussy. She had quit protesting so I insert a finger in her vagina. It was like digging it in a pot of warm honey! Mom's pussy was drenched by her body juices in a clear demonstration of her high level of excitement.

"If you want me to stop why are you drenched here?" Her answer was to open the mouth and give me a passionate kiss. All her resistance had ended and while we kissed I manage to release her bikini bra. When I removed the hand from her pussy and begun to pull the panties down she raised the butt from the couch to help me. At that moment Mom was completely dominated by the lust and was French kissing me with passion. My prick was rock hard and aching under the confinement of my trunks. I grabbed one of her hand and pulled over my groin; Mom immediately begun to caress my tool squeezing it.

"Better if we go to my bed." She proposed. I quickly locked the kitchen door and rushed to her room. She was waiting for me stark naked lying in the bed.

At that occasion there was no preliminaries; we were both over excited. She eased my way by opening the thighs so my tool dove all the way in her dripping vagina in a single stroke. She moaned and swayed the hips while I pistoned furiously shoving my dick in her womb. I fucked Mom with a mix of lust and despair. It was the same thought I had during our first intercourse: the feeling that would be the last time Mom would give me access to her body

Mom is a very vocal person and during the whole intercourse she cried and moaned loudly like she had been chastised. In spite of all my training and my willingness to prolong that moments I soon felt the urge of unload my cum in mother's womb. Once again her body was shaken by a succession of shivers evidence that she was climaxing. I held her thighs against me and let a flow of warm sperm fill her body. I follow with kissing her lightly on the lips and studying her reactions. The bliss emanating from her face put me at ease. It seemed she was beginning to accept our relationship.

"A centavo for your thoughts." I said in an attempt to break the silence.

"I was thinking I'm an old perverted woman. With so many men in this world I picked my own son to be my lover." She answered. By her smiling face it was clear that she wasn't complaining or feeling guilty.

"You are not old or perverted. Please don't say it again. If there's any perv here its me. The truth of matter is I started everything. We still remained in the bed exchanging caresses for sometime and after a quick shower we headed to the beach.

The path to the ocean started few yards from our house and headed to the far eastern end of the beach. The beach was separated from the development by a sequence of low dunes ending at the west side were there was a rock cliff separating the sea shore from the small cove were I saw Mom naked the day before. At that time, in an almost abandoned development with few housed built there was just few persons scattered on the mile-long beach. Most of the people, including the locals, preferred the large beach in the south part of the peninsula where the ocean wasn't so strong and the waves milder.

Besides which our beach had strong undertows that could be dangerous. So, to our satisfaction we also had that huge extension of gold sand just for us. As usual we walked some hundred yards away off the path to settle at a place with relative privacy. I opened the umbrella while Mom stretched the beach towels. She covered her light skin with suntan oil, lying down on her stomach and asked to spread the oil on her back.

"Why don't you remove the bra? It will avoid these suntan marks."

"Good idea." She said while I unclasped the bra.

"Well, I hope daddy won't start raising question about."

"I'm sure he will never notice it. Anyway I can say I did it in my room."

"Okay, let me do another thing." Mom worn a medium size bikini, those some inches high in the side and I rolled it down till one inch of her butt crack was exposed. "Mom, do you mind if I ask a sensitive question?"

"No, go ahead."

"It seems the relationship between you and daddy is somewhat unusual."

"Yes, you are right. Let's say we have a marriage of convenience. I know it may sound hypocritical, but its in the interests of both of us to show a public face and have separate private lives, but that's the way its been for many years."

"And why is that? How do you come to such agreement?"

"I'm not trying to blame on your father but he was the one who started it. I believe that the reason is that he's from a poor family and always worked hard to get his degree in medicine. Indeed he is a talent in his specialization and at a certain moment, and it happened after you was born, he became dazzled with his success and with the fact he was making a lot of money. All of a sudden the young boy that who had a difficult life was faced with the allure of his professional success."

"When he was invited to teach at the School of Medicine, he began to spent the Friday and part of the Saturdays away from home. The young and charming professor decided to take to bed not only the young students but some respectable middle-aged woman too. When you were around three, every Friday I start receiving anonymous phone calls telling about his amorous adventures. In the beginning it sounded like the kind of foolishness of a young student that fell in love for her teacher. This is not uncommon, it happened even to me."

"I was getting angered by the calls and once I told to the female voice that I was tired of her stupidity and I didn't believe any what she was saying. She then said she would send irrefutable evidence. Some days after the call I received a letter with a photo of your father in a restaurant surrounded by young people, most certainly students. The damning evidence was a beautiful long-haired blond with her head amorously leaned over his shoulder."

"Its easy to understand how I pissed I was, and Saturday afternoon upon his arrival I asked him for a serious conversation. In the beginning he denied everything but when I pulled out the photo from my pocked and virtually rubbed it on his nose he was forced to admit the truth."

"I said I would apply for divorce, and he came up with a proposition: the separation would be bad for both you and your sister and even to me. Why we don't try to have separate private lives and keep the facade for outside usage? For him was important to present a respectable family face in the medical and academic community (at the time he was applying to the College of Surgeons) and all this stuff would be bad for his career as well. He said I could have a private life, the social position we enjoyed and do whatever I wanted providing it would be done cautiously. I said that I wasn't expecting such proposition and I need some days to think about."

"I decided to face the situation cold-mindedly: At the time I was turning thirty years of age and I had quit Law School long ago. By then was too late to go back to school and start a career. Besides I had two small kids to raise. Of course I could get married again but wouldn't be easy to find a man willing to accept two young kids from another man. Furthermore, I wasn't, at least at that moment, planning to get married again. I was quite sure that another man most probably would mean the same problem!"

"Some days later I came up with an answer: I would try to put in place his proposal for a certain period of time. If I weren't satisfied we would apply for divorce. He was relieved with my answer and a new chapter of our life started. I never had been a conservative person, just the opposite, but at that moment I really didn't know what to do and my life followed being the same for sometime."

"Once after I had played tennis at the club with a friend (the other of the two close friends of Mom, besides Laura) and sat down to rest and sip a soda. This friend had confided about her private life and her sexual adventures outside marriage. At a certain moment she mentioned that a man, her friend, was definitely interested in me and had urged her to set up a meeting between the three of us for a conversation. When she mentioned who he was, I was taken aback: he was a very nice looking bachelor that used to play tennis at the same club."

"When I was arriving in the morning after taken you and your sister to kindergarten he was leaving. A couple of times I notice that he postpone his departure, watching us play from the veranda. To me was hard to believe that a cute man in his late thirties, single, would be interested in a slightly plump housewife when there was so many nice single girls around. My friend followed insisting for some days and eventually I accepted to be introduced to him. I talked for some minutes at the veranda and he proposed we should play a game of tennis. I explained my problem in being there earlier and he said that there was no problem: he would be there at the time better suits my schedule."

"To make a long story short we played several games and he invite me for lunch. Few days later we were in the bed together! And you know, once you start... !"
Chapter 5
Home | Top | Oediplex's Page |   Feedback to author


Home | Oediplex's Page « Allan and His Mom Part 1 Index « Previous - Settings
Chapter 5: Explorations, Examinations And Explanations
Posted: July 03, 2010 - 09:15:04 am

It was great to heard Mom's history while observing her. She was laid on her stomach, propped up on both elbows so I could watch her almost naked body. The rolled down bikini panties exposed an inch of her ass crack and it was eye-popping. I invited Mom to go to water and when she grabbed the bikini top I suggested she go topless. After a quick look around to check if we were alone, she stood up bare breasted and holding my hand we headed to the salty cold water.

When we were in the water up to our waist level I couldn't resist and holding her around her back I brought her body against mine. She answered by placing both hands around my neck and we exchange a kiss, her small hard tits poking my chest. When I tried to lower her bikini panties she objected saying that would be very embarrassing if someone saw her naked there. Back on the sand Mom stretched the towel out under the sun.

"Mom, it just my feeling or you and Sis have some sort of friction?"

"No, it is not just a feeling, in fact we faced some problems when you were in United States."

"What kind of problem?" I persisted.

"Her husband, back then her fiance caught me with another man in a parking lot."

"And"

"For sure he spilled the story to her. Once she told me she was going to spend a weekend out with him. I suggested that it wasn't proper. I said she was on the verge of getting married and they could wait a little bit more to be by themselves. She answered in a unsuspected angry tone saying that I should better take care of my own life than meddle with other's life. When I said that she doesn't have the right to talk to her mother in such way she got more pissed and almost shouted that I was the last person she would expect to talk about that kind of subject."

"A married woman that is found kissing a man in a parking lot doesn't have moral authority to reproach other people," your sister continued to rant. Besides she was going out with her fiancee and not with another man. It wasn't difficult to put the things together: I was dating a man and we met in a bar faraway enough (at least we believed) to give satisfactory coverage. After talking for sometime we went back to his car and drove to a motel. Against my will my friend started kissing me and probably that's when her husband saw us."

After a long stay on the sands we decided that was time to go back home and fix the lunch. And Mom gave me another great surprise: in the back of the house, at the kitchen's outside wall there was a water reservoir on the top of four eleven foot tall concrete columns. It was used to store water since the city system wasn't good enough to provide a safe supply water that far away for the new development. At the base of the columns the builder had built a shower to avoid people stepping in the house with the beach sand in their feet.

To provide some privacy they had built walls on both sides of the lower part of the columns. There was no door since the view from the back was obstructed by the garage and the two guest rooms built in the back of property. The area between the main house and the back complex was supposed to have had a swimming pool which was never built. To my delight Mom removed the bikini and gave me a full exhibit of her naked body while she took a long shower.

After I did the same we met in the kitchen to work on our lunch. We talked all the time and to me it was hard to refrain my excitement. It was not because she was wearing sexy clothes, as a matter of fact it was the opposite: she wore an old and large man's shirt coming down to her mid-thighs and a cutoff underneath. But after seeing her semi-nude at the beach and deliciously naked during her showering, my batteries were fully charged again.

After we finished with dish-washing I asked: "What are you doing now?"

"I'm thinking in rest a little. And how's about you?"

"Nothing, I don't have any plans. Do you mind if I join you. Mom smiled and agreed. Once again I quickly close all doors and windows and rushed to her room. With the windows closed the room was in a cozy semi-darkness. Mom came out of the bathroom and readily removed the shirt and cutoffs remaining only in panties. I was still in my shorts but promptly I got rid of them. In silence we hug each other and I could feel the subtle scent of Mom's body lotion. We start kissing and I removed her panties leaving Mom stark naked.

We hugged each other and she put her mouth close to my ear and whispered: "I want to ask you something." Her voice unmistakably denoted she was bashful in what was to come next...

"What is it?"

"I want you to kiss the way you kissed me the last night I love being kissed all over. And I started again the pilgrimage over her body, starting from her mouth and going down unhurriedly. The silence in the darken room was broke only by her moans that were growing in intensity as much as my mouth headed down her body. When I in the course of things reached her belly button, she was almost howling. Eventually I reached her sex pot and like in the morning it was over flooded with her thick vaginal secretions. While I licked and sucked the throbbing clitoris I inserted a finger into her slit, finger fucking mom's vaginal channel.

After I had it lubricated I moved the finger down touching her back entrance. My finger slithered without any effort up her anus and I begun to harmonize the suction in her clit with the anal finger fucking. At that moment she was panting and crying mercilessly. After working for such a long time on her clitoris and both openings her body at last begun to shake uncontrollably; as if she was receiving electrical shocks and with a long cry she stiffened straight. Her anus squeezed tightly my finger and then after a sequence of short gasps all her muscles loosened.

I wait for some moments and carefully removed my finger from her rear. She kept her eyes shut until her breathing had gone back to normal. I had moved back to her side and observed the changes in her facial expression. At a certain moment she opened the eyes, her face turned crimson red and she hastily put her arm around my neck and hid her face in my neck. It seems mom was ashamed of losing control of herself in such a passionate way. I put my arm around her body and patiently waited for her recovery. My hand slithered down her back and I begun massaging her bottom. We remain there in silence for long time, my rock hard prick poking her belly and my hand roaming over the magnificent fleshy globes.

"Do you know you have a wonderful butt?" I asked breaking the silence.

Mom giggled and answered: "When I was young, around fifteen years old I was very shy about my body: I believed I had a too large bum and too small tits."

"A poor self-misjudgment; your butt is perfect in size and big tits tend to go obscenely down after a couple of kids and with aging. Your nipples are still pointing forward and not to your toes. Mom giggled again and purred satisfied with the caress in her derriere. I decided to move forward in my planned new sexual experience and moved one finger down the deep valley between the buttocks. I touched and pressed the tip of my finger against the small aperture hidden in the deepest of the valley and asked Mom, "Tell me, do you use this place just for it primarily function or for something else as well. It was a rhetorical question since I have read all Will's letters and in many of them he mentioned their anal sex practices.

Mom whispered the answer in my ear: "I also use it for that kind of thing you are thinking of."

"And do you like it?"

"Oh yes! When it is done gently. Do you mind in fetching the jar of Lanolin cream in the bathroom?" When I came back Mom was laid on her stomach exposing her beautiful derriere.

"Put some cream both on you and in my butt. She said.

I split her ass cheeks and for the first time I had the chance of seeing her anus. The somewhat naturally opened sphincter was surrounded by a large light brown frame. Instead of the usual protruding and puckered ring Mom's anal opening was almost deprived of wrinkles. With the finger deeply shoved in her rectum I massaged and lubricate her rectal passage. She expressed her approval by means of loud moans and a subtle sway of the rump.

Eventually I decided it was time to replace the finger with my prick and leaning over Mom's body I pointed my dick to her ass and started pushing. I'm not an unendowed man when it comes to prick size: It is seven inches long and relatively thick. For the traditional vaginal sex it is okay, but many women don't even like to think about having me inside their butts. So, to my surprise, after offering an initial resistance, Mom's sphincters relaxed and her anus easily engulfed the glans. Still based on my previous experience I waited for some moment till her sphincters got used to the invader. Depending upon the woman it can take from few seconds to several minutes. In the case of my mother it was clear she didn't need any time. Even so, I carefully shoved my dick in her rectum, until I felt my lower belly pressed against her butt.

Then I begun to push back my dick in her rectum 'til only the knob remained inserted in her anus. And I started again the long dive in her entrails. Mom responded to my pistoning in her rectum by moaning and sensually raising her body from the mattress. With a growing excitement I increased the tempo of my pistoning in Mom's rectum. My dick slithered smoothly in her back entrance and the feelings are hard to describe.

Mom was an expert, better saying an artist of anal sex: when I was shoving it down in her entrails she relaxed the muscles and when I pulled it out she contracted the muscles. It was like having my prick shoved in a machine that vacuumed and massaged my tool simultaneously. Never in my life I had as much pleasure as I had ass-fucking Mom. I grab her tits holding her body securely riding her by then frantic motions with her bottom.

She had her face over the mattress, the eyes shut in an unmistakable mask of pleasure. Every stroke with my tool was responded to by my mother with a backing at me, combined with a swaying of her derriere, a combination synchronized to perfection, result of years and years of enthused anal sex practice. My previous experiences with two different women shown that they need to have vaginal stimulation to reach anal orgasm. Mom had both hands placed around her head which mean she was having pleasure exclusively from her anus.

The pace of my thrusts was frantic, my belly slapped her butt with a loud blast, like I were slapping her rear with my hands. After having had sex in the morning I was able to pump for a long time before the usual feeling indicating that I was on the verge of gushing a cum load, where my nuts start shrinking and then swelling to the point of burst out. I held her tightly pressing my body against hers like trying to shove my dick up to the last hundredth of an inch in her bowels. Motionless over Mom's body I felt the flow of jism being spurted in her entrails.

"Don't move, let it there, I want to feel it inside me. She whispered. And as much as my dick was softening inside her rectum the massage she produced with the rectum increased its intensity. It was unbelievable, beyond any description, what Mom was able to do with her rectum! In addition her sphincters weren't so tight to the extent of making my half-stiff cock uncomfortable while lodged in her entrails. When it was fully loose only the knob remained trapped inside her anal ring. Eventually I moved back, Mom unclasped her sphincters and my dick was free of its love prison.

I took Mom in my arms and kiss her tenderly. Once again she nested her head in my chest and I heard her giggling.

"Why are you smiling?"

"I was thinking about the fact I always was fond of young men. What I would never realize, even in my wildest dreams, that I would end up in the bed with my own son!"

"And what is wrong with that?"

"You know very well what is people's consensus on the subject. Personally I don't give a damn; we are doing it and end of paragraph. It's like many other things; most of the people have a facade for the society and a completely different private life. One good example is your father and I. How many people would even conjecture about the kind of agreement we have? Just for one moment forget about everything that rules the relationship between mother and son and tell me: what is the difference between having sex with several men and with my own son?"

Let's suppose for a moment you have been raised separated from me and didn't know I'm your mother. All of a sudden we met few days ago and without knowing our close relationship we fell in love for each other or merely decided to have sex. Lets go a little further and assume you become aware of the fact I'm your mother? Do you believe that there would be reason for desperation, feel guilty to death like in a Greek tragedy? I don't think so, may be we might put an end in the relationship, may be not, depending in the way we perceive the situation. Providing we keep it under secrecy I believe it is only a matter between you and me."

"And when we return home. How it gonna be?" It was a question that had been worrying me since the first time we had sex.

"I'm not sure. The only thing I know for sure is we need to be very prudent. With your father around we can't take any risk. Certainly we will have the Fridays but it would be very risky to spend the whole night together. Can you imagine if, for any reason, and it happened already a couple of times, he returns earlier than expected and surprise us naked in the bed? I don't even like to think about! And there is another fact we need to face: we both have our lives; expectations. You are young and certainly will be looking for girls of your age. I don't think that would be good for both of us to tie our day-by-day lives exclusively to each other."

It was a clear message: Mom wasn't willing to have me as her son and lover on an exclusive base. And believe me I understood her position, to be honest I never foresaw our relationship with a high degree of commitment. But on the other hand I didn't like to see it as some sort of Summer adventure that we would put an end to as soon as we return back home. I was determined to continue having sex with Mom as much as it was mutually pleasurable and possible. And I would need to work with all my skills to succeed.

I held her tightly in my arms and soon we fell asleep. I woke up at the dusk with Mom still cuddled in my arms. She immediately opened her eyes and after stretching our bodies while exchanging kisses we finally decided to get out of the bed. After showering we decided to go to the city to have dinner at the sea food restaurant we had been to before.

It was another nice dinner that stretched for a long time. After that we decided to stroll in the almost deserted promenade. At night the place seemed to be the retreat for young sweetheart couples who occupied the few benches exchanging hugs and kisses protected by darkness resulting form the combination of the leafy century old trees and the feeble illumination provided by few scattered light poles. The large paved alley bordering the river was almost empty since it didn't provide the same shelter as the square behind.

I put an arm over Mom's shoulder and she reciprocated by putting her arm around my waist. Like all other sweethearts in the area, we strolled easily the whole promenade. I held Mom by the chin and raising her face had begun to kiss her lightly on the lips. In spite of being already eighteen years old that was the first time I felt like flirting with a girl. Up to that date I had the two relationships in US. With the Dutch girl and the sergeant's wife; the first was special and with the second one it was merely sex. With the Dutch girl I went a couple of times to the movies but was some sort of friends partying together. Now this was something new for me; I was there hugging and kissing a very nice girl, notwithstanding the fact she was my own mother!

Anyway it was something new and wonderful and surely mother was also enjoying the moment. It was an unusual situation: we both knew that once back home it would be very difficult, if not impossible, to enjoy moments like that. There, in a small city, unknown by the passersby we weren't mother and son, we were a couple of sweethearts. Of course under the sunlight it would certainly look odd, a woman in her early forties dating a teenager: but protected by darkness, no one could notice our age difference; we were a couple like all the others. After having fun at the city we rushed back home for another exciting sex session.

Nevertheless there was still a missing piece in our sex game: in spite of the fact that I had eaten Mom's cunt several times. She always demonstrated an unsurpassed pleasure in having my mouth sucking and licking the aperture that brought me out of her body; to this world she never had even mentioned her intention of reciprocate that kind of pleasure. At the time, this was I believe, by the end of our first week there we were still in the process of discovering each other.

Mom told me later that her decision was to let me take initiative so she could see how far we would go in our sexual life. At my side I had a better knowledge through the letters Will wrote to Mom, but there was still the psychological barrier. One thing was what Mom did with other men, completely different was her willingness in doing them with her own son. It was just a matter of go ahead and to do the things, but at the time I hadn't the knowledge about Mom's opinion on the matter. Going back to the oral sex subject I decided to try to discover why she hadn't even touched my dick.

One thing I learned was Mom's willingness to talk about her past life when we were at the beach or in the bed, especially after a sexual session. I learned as well that on the beach she was more open to tell me about facts like her arrangement with my father, the problem with my sister, the men she had taken to bed or even stories related to her two best friends, the ones that shared Mom's fondness for sex. The moments in the bed were dedicated to more intimate subjects, always involving sexual activities and her adventures.

Along with the fact that she was then dating her own son, my mother was proud of her past adventures and didn't feel any embarrassment in telling them; and in me she found an avid listener to her sexual stories. Now, many years afterward I have learned what I had at the time was some sort of audio voyeurism. At the same time her narratives, together with Will's letters were the safe guides for my sexual advances.

During the summer season it was pretty common for it to rain at least sometime during the early evening. It was a quick shower, may be half an hour and the soon the sun was shinning again. One of those days we were on the beach and suddenly the sky became overcast and a wind blowing from the ocean got stronger and colder making our stay on the beach very uncomfortable. We hastily packed our stuff and went back home. By mid-afternoon it had begun to rain, not the customary strong tropical downpour but a light and cold thin rain that seemed to stay for a long time. We had our usual nap and when we woke up the stormy weather remained the same.

We were washing dishes after dinner when there was a power shortage and we suddenly were in absolute darkness. We spent almost a full matchbox up to I would be able to find one half spent candle in a drawer and I took a mental note to next day buy some packs of candles and a flashlight. To save the remaining few inches of candle we still had we decided to sit-down at the hammock in the porch. The air was fresh and at least we had some dim light from the cars passing along the distant highway.

The moment seemed ripe and ready for a special question I had been saving up to ask mom, about Will of course.
Chapter 6
Home | Top | Oediplex's Page |   Feedback to author



Home | Oediplex's Page « Allan and His Mom Part 1 Index « Previous - Settings
Chapter 6: Mom's Tail's Tales
Posted: July 03, 2010 - 08:00:34 pm

As we sat on the porch hammock waiting for the power to return, I decided to bring up one sensitive subject: "Mom, was Will the first man in your life?"

"In certain way yes, I knew Will for a long time, ever since my older brother and Will became close friends when they were at the Engineering School. He was two years older than your uncle and 10 years my senior. So when they started doing their homework together in our place I was ten years old. During that time they became inseparable friends, Will was from a faraway city and a poor family. Your grandma like him very much so he used to have lunches with us almost every Sunday and diner several times a week. So I grew up seeing Will as some sort of older brother. I was sixteen when he graduated from college and started working.

"At that point, I was a very complicated teenager. I felt my butt was too big, my thighs too thick and my tits too small. On top of it all, I hated my hair that was too curly in my opinion. As you can imagine I was pretty unhappy with my looks. Then I started noticing Will's subtle interest in me. In the beginning it sounded like an old friend doing his best to comfort an ugly duckling. Once we were just the two of us talking and I said I didn't feel at ease wearing jeans. He wanted to know why and after some resistance I told him why: I believed my ass was too large and it would look bizarre in a tight jeans. He said that I was crazy, that there was nothing wrong with my rear and made an complimentary commend about my body."

"I felt like I was in heaven and begun to figure that maybe I was wrong. Of course my body never would win a beauty contest, but even so it was much better than what it had been in my self-evaluation. Right after I turned seventeen, it became more evident of Will's growing romantic interest in me. He had just bought his first car and one Saturday he stopped by my home looking for my brother (later on he admitted he knew my brother wasn't there. He used it as an excuse to see me). He invited me for a ride and I gladly accepted. We rode throughout the city and at a certain moment he stopped at a promenade with a dramatic view overlooking the city. This was one of the favorite places for young people to go and enjoy good times with their sweethearts."

"We talked for a while a when he pulled a pack of cigarettes from his pocket I quickly grabbed it saying he had smoked enough for that day. He begged for the cigarettes saying he would die without one and tried to take it from my hand. Then somehow, all of a sudden, we were exchanging a passionate kiss. The next step was to open my blouse and loosen a tit from the bra. I never have had such a caress and of course I was feeling quite excited. It is hard to believe but until that age I hadn't had a boyfriend, all my sexual experiences were my masturbation sessions during taking baths or at night in my bed."

"I pleasurably accepted the fondling in my breasts and a bold hand roaming up my thighs. I only decided to stop him when he attempted to insert a finger in my pussy. I was virgin and educated by my mother to only give up my maidenhood to my husband at the honeymoon. He smartly changed the focus of his attentions moving the hand to my ass, even so over the panties."

"From that day on we started dating but in a very strange way. It was clear Will knew that my parents wouldn't view our relationship favorably. I'm sure the problem wasn't the age difference but the fact that Will was almost mulatto and my parents were very proud of their ancestry. The truth of matter was we hid our relationship from everybody but my brother. In the presence of my parents we act like good friends, Will was, for all purposes, considered some sort of old brother after all. Even my brother, Will's best friend, didn't seem to look our relationship in a positive way. Even so, as a support to his friend and his beloved younger sister, he gave us the much needed coverage."

"Now, looking to the facts from a distant perspective I'm sure I was never in love with Will. He had shown up at precisely the right moment to support a needy teenager. Time passed and our petting sessions became bolder and every day I turned more eager for his caresses. However, since the beginning, I made clear that I was virgin and had intention to remain so up to marriage so my pussy was some sort of forbidden territory. In the beginning he made some attempts to sneak in my furry triangle but always got my strongest objections. Disregarding this, we use every moment to exchange caresses."

"Will was some sort of sales engineer spending most of the time out of the office and used to pick me up at the school almost very day and he drove to a secluded place where we gave expression to our lust. One weekend my parents traveled to a nearby city to attend the twenty-fifth wedding anniversary of some friends. As usual Will and I have had an enthralling petting session and when he drove me back home he ask me if we could stay together a little more. I wasn't sure since there was nobody at home and my parents would be very upset if they found that Will and I were alone at home."

"Anyway I couldn't cope with his pleads. Soon I was sitting on his lap and after opening my blouse and unclasping my bra he played for a long time with my tits. I was in such a state of arousal that I didn't oppose when managed to remove my panties and eventually play with my soaked pussy. Most surely I wouldn't make any attempt to stop him of breaking my cherry but he didn't appear to have such intention. Without a word he forced me to kneel in front of the sofa and bend over the seat. He raised my skirt exposing my naked bottom and caressed it for a long time, massaging the globes and sliding the hand down the crack till reaching my back entrance."

"Immediately I understood what was his intention; I had heard from schoolmates about anal sex. Some said it was okay and very much enjoyed it, others said they tried and was extremely painful. As I said I wasn't in condition to refuse anything and I made no objections when, after spiting in his hand, I felt the knob touching my anus. With a resolute thrust forward I felt my sphincters stretching and something invading my then virgin ass."

"It wasn't by any means painful but as much as he shoved his penis in my entrails I was taken by a sensation of discomfort. Something as if I had a hard turd stranded in my rectum and wasn't able to expel it. But as soon as he begun to pump his pecker back and forth in my rectum the discomfort was subtly changing in an intense pleasure. He was extremely excited due to all our previous petting so it didn't take a long time to Will unload his semen in my entrails. Even so it was enough to cause the strongest orgasm I ever had in my life."

"For almost a whole year we had several sessions of anal sex, each time to my growing satisfaction. Of course we introduced several other options but for me the 'piece de resistance' was always to feel his semen being spurted in my entrails."

"After this period Will got a job with a government contractor to work in the construction of a mega-dam in the western region, several thousand miles from were we lived. At this time he began to send me letters. At the beginning he wrote about the loneliness and the boring life in a place faraway form everything. After that his letters became more and more sexual with detailed descriptions of the things he would like to make with me next time he was in town and to avoid problems I rented a post office box. I was very excited with each letter reading them hundreds of times."

"He used to come to town every sixty days for meetings at the company headquarters. And every time he was in town we used to do some of the things he described in the letters. In the beginning the letter arrived at an average of two per week but as time was passing they became scarcer. On my side I was getting tired of that situation: I used to live in perpetual state of arousal and with little gratification: after experience a man's tool inside my body the masturbatory sessions weren't enough to satiate my sexual compulsion."

"Eventually, my brother came to me and said he had something to tell: Will was seriously dating a secretary at the dam and had plans to marry her. Certainly for any woman the news would be a disaster or a tragedy but I received the notice with relief. It may sound odd but I never perceived the relationship with Will as a stage of something that would grow to another level. In other words I never saw us married or in permanent relationship."

"It was also at about the same time when I had an opportunity to get my sweet revenge against a cousin." This woman, who was some years older than my mother, was the family pain-in-the-ass the kind of person that spends her life finding a way to nag people. She was the one that nicknamed Mom's 'plumpya' a malevolent reference to your grandmother's slightly larger than normal posterior. Talking about her a little, it is ironical what the passing times can do to a person: she was once a tall very seductive woman but after a difficult pregnancy, before turning thirty years, she looked a wreck."

"The poor woman probably had add around fifty pounds in less than seven years. Needless to say her husband eventually left her to marry with another woman. This was a time when she was pregnant with her first son and doing very badly: After one interrupted pregnancy her physician had told her to stay in bed after the sixth month. Even so she was doing poorly and one weekend my Mother asked me to stop by her house and drop a gift off which she had bought for her niece. That particular day she was doing particularly bad and asked me to stay a little with her, while her husband went out for some shopping. I sat on her bed and we talked for sometime but soon she fell asleep as result of the medication she was taking."

"I sat back in the living room reading while waiting for her husband to come back. The guy arrived and invited me to stay for a coffee. We went both to the kitchen to brew the coffee and sat back in the living room. Under the excuse of not disturb his wife's rest he closed the bedroom door. We sat face to face and sip the coffee eat some cookies. It was when I noticed his stealth stares at my body. I had my legs crossed and certainly he was having an eye-catching view of my thigh partially covered by the stocking. Too bad that now days those sexy glimpses are gone with women's preference for pantyhose. It was when he started complaining about the problems they were facing."

"According to him my cousin was obsessed with the idea of having a child and after she lost the first one, she got pregnant again shortly after, against her physician advice and without completing the hormones therapy he had prescribed. When we finish I went to the kitchen to wash the cups, he stay leaned in the door threshold looking fixedly on me. I finished the chore and picked-up my purse to go, but at the door he asked when he could see me again."

"I will be back soon. Was my answer pretending innocence.

"No, I want to see you alone, far from here!"

"I believe your wife wouldn't like it very much if she came to know"

"If neither of us tell, she never would know. What do your think?"

"I don't know, this is so sudden." Picking up on my responsiveness to his suggestions, he hugged me by the waist and we kissed. I reciprocating by opening my mouth and French kissing him. His next step was to raise my skirt and try to touch my pussy."

"You can do that; I'm a virgin. Was my answer breaking the kiss. The disappointment was visible in face and before he had recovered from the surprise I added. "If you want, we can do from behind. He virtually dragged me to a second room he used as a home office. He leaned me over a desk, raised my skirt, lowered the panties and without foreplay he inserted his prick in my anal aperture. While he was pumping in my rectum I begun to think about the irony. Here I was there, just few steps away, serving with my rump the husband of a person that once pejoratively called me rumpy After finishing our crazy sodomy session I hurried back to home."
Chapter 7
Home | Top | Oediplex's Page |   Feedback to author



Home | Oediplex's Page « Allan and His Mom Part 1 Index « Previous - Settings
Chapter 7: Loose Ends And A Tight Ass
Posted: July 03, 2010 - 08:00:34 pm

While she had told her story I was playing quietly with my hands over her body. She was wearing another dress shirt that was some sort of Mom's summer uniform she always had several of them with slight variations on the basic structure: all front buttoned, sleeveless and knee high. I started unbuttoning from the top and soon she was sitting there with her breasts exposed since she wasn't wearing bra.

I lean over her chest and took one nipple in my mouth. Mom had fallen silent and the only sounds around were the raindrops falling on the roof. Without Mom's opposition to my actions I followed unbuttoning until the dress front was fully opened. A hand was swiftly slid underneath her panties and when I touched her cunt it was drowned in Mom's juices showing how excited she was just by remembering the story.

In spite of the darkness we were outside home and there was only a three feet high wooden fence separating the house from the street, besides which the small bushes weren't enough to hide us from an occasional passerby. In any case, it was a rainy night in a deserted area so the chances of someone see us were minimal. Once again Mom didn't objected when I removed her panties leaving her practically naked. My next movement was to open the fly and free my hard prick. I took hold one of Mom's hands and placed it over my pecker. She grabbed it gently squeezing the shaft. It was the first time Mom touched my penis.

"You never kissed it; why?"

"I don? know. Would you like that? Without waiting for my answer she leaned over; I felt her lips gently touching the glands and she gave a little peck on the tip. She then began to gently poke my glands with the tip of her tongue. She did it for an endless time, I was beginning to believe that, such as my Dutch young friend, she wasn't enthusiastic about having a man's flesh pole inside her mouth. It was when she placed the lips in the tip of the knob and forcing the head down gradually opened them inserting my pole in her mouth. I would say she had half of my seven inches in her mouth when she eventually stopped.

Soon afterward she raised and lowered her head, shoving the pole as deep as she could take and withdrawing till she had only the knob inside her mouth. Conversely from my initial belief my mother had thoroughly mastered the art of fellatio! Combining her expertise with my high degree of excitement it didn't take to much time to me to feel that was in the verge of another powerful ejaculation. Feeling it Mom aimed the glands to the mouth of her roof so avoiding me to spill my jism in her throat and making her retch. Eagerly she drank my sap to the last spurt not wasting even a drop. When she had finished with her job Mom still remained for sometime playing and sucking my flaccid maleness. When she raised the torso I kissed her in the mouth. I still could smell in her breath the unmistakable odor of sperm.

We decided that was better to bed since the lights weren't on and they believed the Electricity Company only would fix it after the storm was over. Naked in the bed Mom cuddle me and begun to rub her pussy against my thigh. It was when I realized how selfish I had been. Once satisfied I didn't take care in pleasing Mom!

"Why don't you help him in get hard again?" I whispered. Mom was ready and eager to have my semi-flaccid inside her mouth once more. It wasn't any a great effort for Mom to turn my tool rock hard again. She slithered over my body and holding my dick with one hand directed it to her pussy and lowered herself, inserting my dick with a sole stroke of her body. I decided to reward all the oral pleasure I received from Mom so it was a long fuck, Mom moaned crazily with our groins grinding each other till I couldn't control my libido anymore and filled her womb with my hot cream. During that extended session she had orgasmed several times and then, both spent, we slept in each other's arms.

"Mom, what's the story of those photos?" I asked when we were at the beach one day, some days later.

"After your father and I came to an agreement about the future of our relationship, I started dating other men. When Will was back in town, as usual he paid a visit to my parents. We had dinner together and I noticed Will's renewed interest in me. Of course he was smart enough to conceal it from my family, showing his feelings just to me, but only when my parents or my brother weren't paying attention. The flirting was increasing and in a certain moment I felt his barefoot lightly rubbing my leg underneath the table."

"Problem was my brother had volunteered to take Will back to the hotel. When we were leaving he gave me the usual kiss in the cheek and whispered: 'Call me at the hotel!' After getting back home and I called him. We talked for a long time and we set an encounter for the next day at the hotel. Well, we spent the whole afternoon having sex, this time not only oral and anal such as in the old times, but also vaginally as well. From that moment on we use to see each other about once a month when he was in town for meetings at his company headquarters."

"He always liked photography and once he proposed to take some naked pictures. In the beginning I refused; I was afraid that during the development process someone would make copies, but he assured that he would do everything at the company's lab. The photographer was his friend and would give him access to the lab. When we started I only agreed to take photos not showing my face but after some time I stop being so cautious about that."

"How long did it last, I mean the photo sessions?"

"Around two years."

"Do you still meet him?"

"No, it ended up at the same time as we stop with the photo sessions."

"And why?"

"It just ended like many other relationships. On my side it was okay to meet him once a month, he was an excellent lover. The problems began when he came with odd ideas about some other kinds of photos and I didn't like them."

"What do you mean by odd ideas?"

"First he suggested we might include another woman in the photo sessions, he was obsessed with lesbian stuff. After that he said that a friend of his and the girlfriend would like to meet us for sex sessions including photos. In the beginning I believed that it was just some sort of man's dream but his insistence was growing every time we met. I'm not against anything in sex; it is a matter of like or not. If you like it is okay, but in this case he was forcing a situation on me and besides would be very risky for me to involve others."

"After all I was a woman, married and living in the city. The last thing I want was a sex scandal, its one thing to cheat on your husband and quite another being involved in that kind of kinky stuff. Eventually I decided to voice clearly my opposition; he was a little pissed but never mentioned it again. But it seemed that he was trying to make all his sexual fantasies true with me. In another occasion he ordered a bottle of wine and we drank it all. You know I'm not used to drinking so much, I was a little tipsy. In a moment he decided to take a picture of the bottle inserted ... you know, there in my pussy. I rejected it, we had a strong argument that ended up with me dressing up and running out."

"It was when I came to conclusion that our relationship was coming to a dangerous part of a tricky path. But there was an issue: the negatives. I insisted only to see him once again if he gave me the negatives. After some reluctance he did it. We met for a couple of more times and finally the relation ended. At the time he had divorced from his wife and was deeply in love with another woman."

That evening there another question which kept turning over in my mind: it was about Mom's opinion on sex with many people at the same time; to be specific: orgies. I was trying to interpret what she mean by accepting unconventional sex activities. Was it merely her viewpoint on the subject or she had been involved in this kind of sex? But even with our growing intimacy I didn't feel comfortable in asking her about that yet. Up to that moment our conversations were oriented by what I had read in the letters so I wasn't sure about Mom's reaction on such invasion of her privacy. I decided to wait for a proper occasion to raise the question.

The remaining days at the peninsula were great. Mother and I continued these days of bliss, like a couple of newly weds. We had sex in the mornings when we woke up, sometimes twice after the lunch when we took a nap together (usually the first fuck after lunch was anal sex) or sometimes at night, that was my favorite time. We spent the days on the beach and at night customarily we went to the city for dinner and after it strolled on the river-front or even along the beach.

Usually we behave like two young sweethearts kissing and petting until we couldn't stand anymore and rushed back home. Other evenings, after a light dinner at home we used to sit in the porch and like two sweethearts excite each other to the point we need to hurry to our room. When we had dinner in the small restaurant in the city we walked holding each other by the waist, exchanging kisses like the other loving couples around us.

After the previous conversation about the future of our relationship no one ever mentioned it again. Nonetheless I had already defined my action plan: once back home I would pretend that it was all over; but in the first opportunity I would try to be inside Mom's panties again. I was sure that if I accepted a loose relationship, without interfering in her affairs she would gladly accepted my sexual forays. And it turned out I was right.

The remaining days at the peninsula were absolutely the best I have had in all my life. Mom told me that for her those were unforgettable days also. She confided she was feeling just like a girl again and if in the beginning she was a little cautious with my bold inroads, soon she had lost all her concerns and enthusiastically supporting and enjoying all kind of foolishness I was able to create. Some were merely sensual probes like the night in the city I unbuttoned the top buttons of her dress and after playing for sometime with a nipple I exposed the tit and sucked it like a famished baby.

Eventually the day to go back home came. We were back at home one day or two before my father's return. When he arrived, his chief nurse, responsible for the overall coordination in the surgery room, disembarked with him; which wasn't any surprise (Mom having told me to expect it). They had a long lasting relationship, she was a divorced (Mom said she got divorced after starting the affair with daddy). She was a very interesting woman, in her early thirties at the time.

Life kept its usual pace until the beginning of the school's new year. I started my four year college time in an university at my own city and my parents decided that I should continue living with them, which was very convenient to me in all respects. Of course with the first Friday of each month, my father traveled, so those times Mom and I were again back in the bed together.

She really didn't want to have sex in her bed, since she was afraid my father would return early and catch us in the bed. The solution was simple: we went to my bed, somewhat narrower but safer than Mom's king-size bed. Pretty soon Mom started again visiting her male friends

There was some embarrassment, at least in the first or second occasions, but my nonchalance helped a lot to move away her discomfiture. Twice a week I had classes the whole day so there were no big problems. Besides, right after the school year's beginning I got a part time job and I was at home only after 7:00 PM. Friday evenings, however, we still used to spend time together.

On my end I hadn't been successful with girls of my age: the truth of matter is I was looking for a girl with my mother's psychological profile: someone willing to have an intense sexual life without ties or long term plans. Of course the girls I knew were looking for a nice guy interested in share their lives with them. And of course this was on the far bottom of list of my priorities.

It was in this period that two interesting facts happened: first my sister returned from Chile for the wedding of one of her best friends. Professional problems forced her husband to cancel his travel in the last minute so she came alone. Both for Mom and me it promised to be a damn boring week. With her around there was no chance for the two of us to have some fun together, nor go out on our own.

The wedding took place on a Saturday and she would (thank God!) go back home on that Sunday immediately after. Friday I worked until late and arrived home around 9:00 PM after a stop with some friends in a single's bar. Feeling it wouldn't be my lucky night I went back home. Mom was sitting in the couch at the family room watching TV.

"Were is Sis?" I asked to Mom.

"She is out, her friend's family is offering a dinner for the close friends."

I sat aside Mom and watch in silence the TV show. Mom was wearing a terry-cloth robe and still had her hair moisten. My excitement, boosted by the forced sexual abstinence, grew quickly and I put an arm over her shoulder. Mom silent response was to lean her body against my chest. She was very excited also since didn't object when I slithered a hand over her thigh. A bold finger was soon roaming under the panties leg hem and playing with her damp slip.

"Take off your panties." I whispered. In silence she raised the body from the couch and slip down the panties. I hastily managed to pull my dick out of the pants and opened the robe. There was no need for words, Mom quickly sat over my lap and shoved my swollen dick to the hilt in a sole stroke in her eager pussy. I held her tits while she sensually moved her hips. We were both highly excited and it didn't take too much to notice Mom's body shaking under the impact of a powerful orgasm. For me. I was spurting my load in the deepest part of her channel, directly into her uterus, cumming like there was no tomorrow.

It was one of those quick but highly enjoyable intercourse for both partners. We were still recovering from our delightful fuck when we heard the elevator stopping at our floor. The building was of high-end type, one apartment per floor and the solid oak front door was framed in an one-foot wide stained glass cadre. The lights automatically turned on when the elevator's door was opened and it was that signal which saved us from being caught by my sister. Mom jumped and rushed to her room while I hurriedly put my dick back inside the pants.

"Where is Mom?It was my sister's first question, as she came in the living room. In a casual way I said that she probably was already sleeping since I had arrived not long before. My sister went to the kitchen, had some water and went to her room. I watched the news to its end to avoid suspicions and when I stood up and looked around I felt the blood freezing in my veins: over on the carpet, in front of the coffee table was Mom's panties! Imagine if my sister had come close to where I was sitting and had seen the evidence! What mess hitting the fan that would have been!

From Oediplex: Last of the saga, which Allan wrote. Again, this is a true story. As you can tell this as not written in my usual style. I only did a minimum of oediting the words are from Allan, based on his and his mothers reminiscences. Read, reread it and cum again, knowing that one of us at least lived the fantasy. Lucky Allan, lucky Allan's mom, lucky for us he wrote their story! Oediplex 8==3~
Your opinion is important:
Share with the others what you think about
"Allan and His Mom Part 1"
     
Switch to Expanded voting form
The End
Posted: 2010-07-02
Last Modified: 2010-07-03 / 08:00:34 pm
Home | Top | Oediplex's Page |   Feedback to author
