Chapter 1
Posted: August 07, 2010 - 09:28:32 pm


Pages: Prev | 1 | 2 | Next

Kenny Ford had a panty fetish, a major one. He was careful about the way that he pursued his favorite passion. His Mom never seemed to know what he was doing. He routinely went into her laundry hamper and took out the panties that she'd worn that day. If he had no pe at school, he'd even wear those panties the next day to school, feeling fairly light headed all day with the knowledge that beneath his clothes he was wearing his Mom's pink or purple or light blue or yellow panties.

She liked bikinis and so did Kenny. It was a situation that was made for him, living at home with his Mom, now that his Dad was gone, and it was only the two of them.

Kenny wasn't gay. He had a keen and growing interest in women. Began a program of secretly spying on his Mom, when he had the chance. But he loved panties. He giggled to himself about getting a chance to 'get into his Mom's pants', which he did several times a week.

The long summer off from school stretched in front of him and his Mom was a bit uneasy about his not having anything to do for the summer. At 14 he wasn't out in the work force but she had a thought that she believed was a good one.

"Hey, pal," she said to Kenny one day at their breakfast.

Kenny had been busy trying to make out the shape of his Mom's left tit, since her robe was gaping at the moment.

"Sorry, Mom, gathering wool," he said, when she got his attention.

(He laughed to himself at the thought that he should have said: 'Sorry, Mom, looking at your left tit and hoping for the sight of a nipple.' He grinned at the thought.)

"You seem in a great mood this morning," she said to him.

"Breakfast with my gal always puts me in a good mood," he replied.

And then she smiled and leaned over and kiss his forehead.

And "Eureka!" Just as she leaned forward the robe gaped a bit more and there was the big dark brown nipple, winking its eye at Kenny.

"What a morning," he said to himself.

He was idly wondering what kind of panties she'd left for him to wear that day, when she said to him:

"Earth to Kenny! I'm talking here!"

"Sorry," he said hastily, "Thinking about the day is all."

"That's what's on my mind," she said to him. "Your summer and all. I think that I'm going to call Aunt Sylvie and see if you can go and spend some time with her this summer. She has that nice place in the country and it'll be a different kind of experience for you."

Of course the immediate thought that went through Kenny's mind was that he could branch out his panty schemes to another female member of the family.

"And," he thought to himself, "Aunt Sylvie is as pretty and sexy as Mom!"

He decided that there was no way that he could lose in the situation. They talked about it and it was settled that she would call Sylvie and see if it would be convenient.

Kenny waited until she was gone to work, his attempt at spying on her dressing having failed. When she was gone, and he promised to contact her several times during the day, he wandered into her bathroom and selected for himself a pair of red, nylon bikini panties, from her hamper to wear for the day.

Kenny was happy, and the prospect of new conquests with Aunt Sylvie pleased him very much.

Arrangements were made, and Kenny went to Aunt Syvlie's. It was a rural place with plenty of land around it and some woods. It was also several hours away from where Kenny and his Mom, Carol, lived.

Sylvie was pleased to see her, as she called him, 'favorite nephew'. Usually, when she called him that, he mentioned to her that he was in fact her only nephew, and they shared a laugh about it.

They settled into a companionable time together. Sylvie had taken a day off from her work as an accountant to spend with Kenny but they both knew that she had to go back to work the next day.

It had been a very pleasant beginning for the visit. Kenny was looking forward to the beginning of his plan with Aunt Sylvie.

The next day, very day that Sylvie went back to work. He was pleased to discover that she favored the same kind of bikini panties that his Mom did. He helped himself to a pair of green ones that first day and wore them for the balance of the day.

He was in his own little pleasurable world now, since his panty borrowing scheme had worked out for him here at his Aunt's home.

His Saturday morning selection, chosen early, while Sylvie was getting herself a cup of coffee, was a lovely pair of special pink panties. They had panels of lacy material that were 'see-through' at the leg bands and a panel of that kind of lacy material at the waist band.

Sylvie went for a morning shower shower and it was after the shower that she called to Kenny and said that she needed to see him. He wandered to her bedroom, where she was already dressed, in a kind of wrap skirt and a tee shirt.

"Want to talk with you, pal," she said companionably.

"Sure, Aunt Sylvie," he said.

Then she turned serious and said to him:

"Kenny, love, there's no problem here unless you don't tell me the truth; if you lie to me about anything, then you're on the next bus home and you're not welcome here any more. Clear?"

Kenny was now nervous but he said, in a fairly cheerful voice: "Clear, Aunt Sylvie."

She said to him then:

"Have you been taking my panties from the hamper? Now before you answer, remember what I said about truth."

He knew that it would only make the situation worse, if he didn't own up to it, so he said, very softly:

"Yes, Aunt Sylvie, I have."

"Why?" she asked, perplexed.

"Because they feel so nice!" he said without a hesitation or any thought about censoring what he was saying. He knew immediately that he'd said too much.

She got a surprised look on her face and then a very knowing one, and she said to him quietly:

"Kenny, take off your shorts!"

"My shorts?" he said, now pretty scared.

"Your shorts," she said. "Take them off now."

"Yes, ma'am," he said, and unbuttoned his shorts and, with the reddest possible face, lowered his shorts, showing his aunt that he was wearing her pink panties.

Her reaction wasn't anywhere near what he thought it would be: She laughed and said to him:

"Turn around!"

"You're not mad, Aunt Sylvie?" he asked, incredulously.

"What did I tell you?" she said, "It's only a problem if you lie, and you didn't, did you?"

"No, ma'am," she said, then she repeated:

"Turn around."

He did what he was told. When he had his back to her, she said to him:

"Stop there."

He stopped his turning and looked over his shoulder at her. She was grinning at him, and walking toward him. What she did next was even more surprising than her not being mad. She ran her hand over his butt, and he could hear her sigh.

"Very nice looking!" she said.

"Thank you, ma'am," he said, not knowing what to do or expect at all next from her. The smile was still on her face, and now, to add to the confusion and his humiliation, he was getting an erection.

"Oh dear!" he said.

She told him: "Keep turning."

He did and she saw what he had said 'oh dear' about.

"Oops!" she said, and then added:

"Kenny, that's a very nice looking weapon you've got there, quite big, quite grown up!"

"Thank you, ma'am, may I put my shorts on now?" he asked.

"No, you may not," she said, "You started this but I'm going to finish it. Now, I want you to take your tee shirt off."

He did as he was told, not even contemplating not obeying her at that point. That left him with only his sandals and her panties on.

"Sandals off, Kenny!" she said.

He took the sandals off and stood there.

"Excellent," she said, "Now I have some questions. The rules apply but these won't be as difficult to answer as the first one was."

"Yes, ma'am," he said obediently, not knowing what to expect.

"Do you do this at home with your Mom?" she asked.

"Yes, ma'am, I do," he said, blushing.

"Does she suspect?" she asked.

"I don't think so!' he said.

"Fine," was her answer, "Now, do you try to spy on your Mom, when she's not dressed?"

"Yes, ma'am," he said, turning a darker shade of red.

"Ever successful?" she asked.

He shook his head 'yes', and she said:

"Tell me!"

He described the incident of a few days prior, when he was looking at the gap in his Mom's robe and ended up, during the head kissing incident, seeing his Mom's tit and nipple.

"Exciting?" she asked.

"Yes, ma'am, really exciting," he said.

"I see that you're excited now, Kenny," she said.

He lowered his eyes, and answered: "Yes, ma'am, I am, sorry."

"We don't need 'sorry' here, Kenny," Sylvie said. "I think that this is what you really want, isn't it?"

He looked up because he didn't know what she was going to do. But nothing, nothing at all, not what they'd been discussing, not her questions, not her smiling or her grinning prepared him for what she did then.

She untied the tie of her wrap skirt and let it flutter to the ground.

He gasped. Her panties were the same as the pink ones that he was wearing, only they were beige.

"Ohhhhhhhh!" he said, with huge, wide eyes.

"That's what you want to see, isn't it, Kenny?" she asked softly, almost unable to speak from surprise and the immediate sexual rush that he felt.

"Oh, yes, ma'am," he said.

"As nice as your Mom?" she asked.

"Yes, ma'am," he said, "Every bit as nice; and sexy, Aunt Sylvie."

"Well, I'm not quite done," she said.

And then she shocked him again by hauling her tee shirt up and over her head and off, and then her bra. They went on the pile with her skirt. She also kicked off her shoes then. She was almost naked.

"Ever seen a naked woman before, Kenny?" she asked.

"Internet," he croaked.

"Ah, yes, the modern version of the playboy experience," she said.

"Scared, honey?" she asked then.

"Yes, ma'am," he said.

"No need to be," she said smiling. "Now give me those panties that you're wearing."

"Uh, yes, ma'am," he croaked.

"These will smell better, Kenny," she said, getting his rapt attention by skinning her beige panties down and off.

He took the pink panties off and held them out to her, and she gave him the beige ones.

"Now let me tell you, Kenny," she said. "The best part is always how they smell. They smell like the woman that just wore them. You want to smell that, Kenny?"

"Oh, yes, ma'am," he said eagerly now, his stiff cock bobbing up and down with his enthusiasm.

"Good, honey," she said, "Put them to your nose and smell them."

He did as she told him and got a wide eyed grin on his face, and said:

"Wow!"

He couldn't, didn't, wouldn't take his eyes off of his naked aunt. She sat on the bed and gestured for him to come to her. He moved slowly, never ceasing to stare at her, as he went to her.

"You like seeing me this way, Kenny?" she asked.

"Oh, yes, ma'am," he said, all eagerness.

"Well, let me tell you how it's going to be, honey, while you're here. Listen please carefully," she said.

"Yes, ma'am, I will," he said.

As he said that, he almost involuntarily reached out a hand for her left nipple. She stopped his hand and said:

"Not yet, honey; first, listen to me. There are rules about this."

His hand stopped in mid air and he stood and, stared at her, waiting to be told the rules.

"While you're here, you do what you're told. Do you understand, honey?" she said.

"Yes, ma'am, I certainly will," he answered.

"You may ask me for things. If you had known and asked me to wear my panties, I would have said yes, but you didn't know that. But now you do know it," she said next.

"Yes, ma'am, I certainly do know it now," was his response.

"I will make sure that you get these little treats that you like but, Kenny, you must in return always do what I tell you to do. I mean no hesitating or arguing or trouble. Any of that and this is over and will never, ever happen again. Clear."

"Crystal clear, Aunt Sylvie," he said.

"You need to pay me back for these little treats and I'll let you know how to do that, and you must do what I tell you, honey," she said for emphasis.

"I will, I promise," he said.

"Okay, honey," she said then and stood up.

"I just came from the shower and I'm nice and clean, honey; I gave you a nice smelling pair of panties to wear and I want you, when I turn around, to give me a kiss on each of my ass cheeks. Understand?"

"Wow!" he said, "Do I!"

She laughed. "It's nice to have someone who's so eager, honey. But I'm not through. When you've kissed my ass cheeks, I want you next to run your tongue up and down along the crack in my ass. Clear again?"

"Clear again, Aunt Sylvie, you're the best!" he gushed, so that she leaned down and kiss him quickly on the lips and ran her tongue along his lips.

"Lastly, when I spread the cheeks of my ass, I want you to go on kissing and licking until you've kissed and licked all parts of my ass crack and my ass hole."

"Wow!" he said again. "Can I really do that?"

She laughed, "Yes, soldier, you can!" she said to him with a giggle Sylvie stood by the bed at that point and turned her back to him. Kenny was eager at this point to begin learning what to do to please a woman and knelt behind her. He put his hands on her hips, absolutely thrilled by the sight of his aunt's naked ass, that was right in front of his face.

He leaned forward and kissed first one ass cheek and then the other. He went right on beginning way down at the base of her ass crack and planted his kisses directly across her ass crack, touching each ass cheek with his lips as he went. About half way up the ass crack, as he was making progress, he began to let his tongue probe her ass crack with each kiss.

"Oh, very nice, Kenny, my love!" Sylvie said.

He was pleased that he was doing it in a way that was good for her. He continued, with the kisses and slight tongue probes until he had arrived at the top, at her waist. There he kissed the dimples that were just above the swell of her ass cheeks.

"Your ass is fantastic, Aunt Sylvie!" he said with admiration in his voice.

"And you are learning so quickly and so well, Kenny!" she said. "Isn't this better than being sent home?"

"Oh, yes, Aunt Sylvie," he said kissing her dimples again and running his tongue along her waist.

"Kenny, honey," she said, "You're going to be Aunt Sylvie's toy all the while you're here; there are so many things to be done, for me to teach you. Do you want to learn?"

"Oh, yes, I do," he said eagerly and took one of her magnificent ass cheeks in each hand to spread them.

When he had her ass cheeks apart, staring into the depths of her ass all the way to her pink rosebud of an asshole, he began to kiss and lick his way from the top to the bottom. He confined the kisses, on this run, to the upper inner walls of her ass crack, working his way down one side and then up the other on the upper rim of her ass.

Then he made another pass, only this time, his lips and his tongue migrated further down into the valley of her ass crack, reaching just above her ass hole.

"Ohhhhhhh, Kenny!" she said. "Your tongue is so educated!"

His answer was to bite her right ass cheek.

"Eeeeek!" she said loudly. "What was that for?"

"That's my way of saying 'thank you'!" he answered her.

She giggled at that and said: "Bad boy, don't you dare stop now."

This time up through her ass crack, his tongue and lips were deep into the bottom of the ass, and he arrived at her ass hole, pushing his tongue against it, and around it, licking it and probing.

Almost instinctively he reached around at that point and began to probe at her pussy with his fingers. It resulted in his Aunt Sylvie shaking and trembling, making grunting throat noises that Kenny discovered that he loved.

He knew that he might be her toy during this time and would certainly do what she wanted him to do, but he also knew that right now, he was in control.

He took his tongue away, and she protested immediately:

"Oh, honey, don't do that; don't stop now! Please!"

"When I'm through promise that you'll suck my cock!" he demanded.

"Oh, the nephew plays hard ball!' she said with a barking laugh. Then she added:

"Of course I will; you finish me now and you'll get the best blow job of your life!"

"Excellent!" he said and dove his head back into her ass crack and continued to lick and probe at her ass hole. This time his tongue gained entrance to her ass hole, while his fingers were still rummaging in her pussy.

She began to shake in earnest then and leaned against the bed and started to cum, flooding his hand with her juice and reaching around to clutch his face to her ass.

When she calmed down just a bit from her shaking and groaning, she turned around and grabbing him, hauled him up to the bed with her. She began to lick his face to clean him off, ending with her tongue in his mouth, and his alternatingly probing hers.

"Spectacular, Kenny!" she said.

Then she asked: "Do you ever do that for your Mom?"

"No," he said with a blush.

"Would you like to?" she asked smiling.

"Oh, yes!' was his quick answer.

"Well, maybe we should work on that," she said next.

"Could we?" He asked eagerly.

"I think so," she said, "I think that Carol can be had! Now I promised my toy boy a blow job. Ready?"

His cock was standing up tightly against his stomach.

"As I ever will be!" he said.

"Well, soldier, get ready for a ride," was her next statement.

She went quickly to the bathroom and came back with some vaseline. Kenny was still lying on the bed with his feet on the floor. Sylvie took her place between his knees.

"How does it feel, pal, to have your naked aunt kneeling between your legs ready to do what you told her to do?"

"Outta this world!" he said.

"Anyone ever do this?" she asked, as she stroked his cock lightly.

"No, Aunt Sylvie," he answered.

"Shall we put this on your wish list for your Mom, Kenny?" she asked.

"Oh, can we?" he said, raising his head to look at her wonderingly.

"You be my special boy lover and we'll make her do anything that you want!" she said, grinning at him.

"Oh, yes, ma'am," he hastened to say, "I certainly will! Can you get her to?" he asked, "You know?"

"Say it, Kenny; say it!" she ordered.

"Can you get my Mom to suck my cock?" he asked, blushing.

"Kenny, honey, let me tell you," she began, still lightly stroking him, "I can get your Mom to do anything that I tell her to."

"Far out!" he said.

"That might be," she said then, "But this definitely is."

Saying that, she lowered her head onto his cock. He shouted from the sensation. The first thing that she did was to rake her teeth over the cock, causing him to sit right up in the bed and bellow again.

"Kenny likes?" she asked.

"Kenny loves!" he said.

"Wait for what's next," she said, and did two things at once.

She plunged her mouth onto his cock and took it all the way in her mouth, her lips reaching his stomach. But while doing this, having greased her finger, she pushed her longest finger into his asshole.

Kenny exploded! He didn't just cum; he exploded.

He gripped his head with his hands and made an almost animal sound, as he pumped his sperm into her clinging mouth.

"Aaaaaaaaacccccccchhhhhh! Aunt Sylvie!" he cried.

She held his prick in her mouth until he stopped spurting. Then she hurried up to the bed, hauling with her, so that they were lying there face to face. She grabbed the back of his head and pulled his face to hers. When their lips met, he opened his mouth and she flooded his mouth with the cum that he'd just pumped into her mouth. Then he flooded it back into her mouth. They shared like this and eventually each of them swallowed a fairly big load.

Kenny spoke first:

"Sorry, I was so quick, Aung Sylvie."

"No sorries here, pal," she said, "It was just spectacular. Now you just lie here and I'll call you for breakfast. Here take these."

She put her beige panties over his face, making sure that the gusset was over his nose, and she got up to go to the kitchen.

But he didn't stay. He was up in about five minutes and, putting the panties on, went to the kitchen.

"Oh jeez!" he said, when he went into the kitchen and found his Aunt Sylvie wearing only an apron and heeled sandals.

"Hey, soldier!" she said. "Like the view of the kitchen crew?" she wiggled her ass at him, as she asked.

"The kitchen crew has all my attention," he said, approaching her.

He had made up his mind about something and decided right away to put it into action. He knelt by her side and said, as she looked down at him,

"Aunt Sylvie, may I please?"

She turned in his direction, and said a soft: "Sweet sweet boy!" lifting her apron as she said it.

Immediately his hands went around her to grasp her ass cheeks and he licked his way into the midst of her pussy hair.

He looked up at her with almost adoration on his face, and said:

"Guide me here, Aunt Sylvie, please, I've never done this."

"Then you're a natural," she said, "Just keep doing what you're doing."

His tongue continued its sweep of her pussy hair, each time venturing farther and farther into the thatch of her dark curls, until finally it was brushing its way along the surface of her pussy lips.

Just then the phone rang.

"Don't you dare stop!" she said.

"No, ma'am," he mumbled into her pussy curls, and licked her pussy lips again.

"Carol, honey," she said warmly. "Yes, everything is fine; he's out exploring the woods just now probably has his head in the thatch out there looking for whatever it is that strikes his fancy."

"Yes," Sylvie said after pausing to listen. "It's no problem to have him here. But I want to tell you, Carol, I want you to come here to visit too."

"I know that you have a schedule, Carol," Sylvie said.

Then she listened to Carol's plaintive voice and cut her off:

"Carol, I'm not asking you to come here; this is Sylvie, do you remember? I'm telling you to. I miss you."

She listened and then she smiled. Kenny was looking up at her, his lips and cheeks wet from her pussy juices. She winked at him and pushed his head back into her pussy.

"Yes, Kenny will be more than busy, while you're here doing what I tell you to do!" Sylvie said, her hand still clutching Kenny's head.

He maneuvered his tongue now in between her pussy lips and started to lick each side of her inner pussy walls. She barely suppressed a groan and said into the phone:

"Yes, that's right, Carol, you get it straightened out and come out here; it'll be nice to have the three of us together. Yes, I give you permission to wait until the tomorrow. Use today to clear your schedule. I have mine. Yes, that's right, girlfriend; you come here."

"Yes, I like calling you that too, honey; I'll tell him you called. He'll call you."

"Yes, tomorrow evening; yes, that's right."

Then Sylvie said: "Carol, you know what to do; yes, kneel, clothes off and tell me that you kiss my hand! Do it!"

"Better!" Sylvie said, kissing the phone and hanging up.

Kenny raised his head and grinned at his Aunt Sylvie.

"Far out!" he said.

"See what I told you, soldier! I can control our Carol! I'll make sure that you can also! Now do your job down there."

He moved his head in again and began to lick at her pussy lips once more. His hands were firmly clutching her ass cheeks, and his tongue was delving deeper and deeper. Sylvie was humping against his face and, once he found her clit and began to play with it using his tongue and lips, she began to curse and pump her hips against his face.

She held him in place, as she came, filling his mouth now with her own wet offering. Then she raised him up and clamped her mouth to his, sharing once again. She ended by licking off his face and saying to him:

"Breakfast now, soldier?"

"Breakfast now!" he said, "But it probably won't be as good as that was!"

"Flatterer!' she said to him, matching his grin.

"Wait 'til after breakfast!"

"Really!" he said.

"Yep," she answered, "Your cock is already anticipating fucking Aunt Sylvie.

Then he asked: "So, is Mom coming?"

"Yes, she is," Sylvie said, "Like the fly into the spider's den! We'll have such a good time with our Carol!"

"Can't wait!" he said.

"Breakfast and fucking Aunt Sylvie first!" she said to him.

"Aunt Sylvie, you're the best of the best!" he said grinning.

"I bet you just say that because I'm almost naked here," she charged him.

"No, I'm saying that because you taste so good front and back!" was his answer.

"Bested!" she said with a huge laugh, giving him a hug and going on to the breakfast.

When they were finished with breakfast, she allowed the dishes to sit in the sink, saying that they'd get to them later.

"But first there's business to take care of, or maybe I should slay, there's pleasure to take care of; are you ready, pal?" she asked.

"I hope, so, Aunt Sylvie," he said, reddening for a bit.

"Have you ever had a chance to make love to a girl?" she asked then.

"No, ma'am," he said politely.

"Well, we're going to do this right," she said then. "You come on into the den and wait for me here. No playing with our friend between your legs, until I get back, clear?"

"As a bell, Aunt Sylvie," he said.

He waited and she came back in about 25 minutes. She had done her hair. She was wearing red lipstick, that went well with her dark hair, she wore bedroom mules and a clinging spaghetti strapped pink nylon diaphanous gown. She seemed to float on a pink cloud, as she came into the room.

He sprang to his feet, saying: "Wow! Look at you! You're beautiful!"

"Thank you, Kenny," she said to him then. "Come here to me!"

She opened her arms and he fit into them, as soon as he was in her arms, she kissed him. It was a soft brush of her lips at first but then the pressure increased and her lips parted, and her tongue met his lips and parted them ever so slightly.

She sucked his bottom lip a bit, and then her tongue was moving about in his mouth, licking up and down, in and out. He was almost overwhelmed.

She leaned back and, looking into his face, said to him:

"Now you do that, softly, slowly."

He did as she told him and crept his tongue into her mouth, prying it open as he went. Sylvie accepted him but let him go ahead and be the main force in the kiss.

"Very nice, Kenny!' she said. "Your reward is another one!"

"Mmm," he sighed, "Best reward!"

They kissed again, and it was a lush as the first two had been. Then she was instructing him again:

"When you get to the third kiss with a woman, start to roam your hands; go from the middle of her back down to the swell of her ass cheeks. Get your hands there and squeeze her ass cheeks a bit."

He did as she told him and let his hands come to rest on her ass, while he was kissing her. He rubbed his hands up and down the crease of her ass, feeling her through the material of her gown but probing with a finger with increasing insistence.

"Very nice," she said. "Now with the next kiss begin to undress me. Make is slow, Kenny, not frantic, like they show in the movies. You get frantic like that and all you're going to accomplish is to cum all over her before she's undressed. Try it now."

He did. With this kiss, he took one spaghetti strap off of her shoulder and then the other. He was still holding, still kissing her and one of his hands possessed a nipple and was rubbing and playing with it.

"Exactly," she said. "Now you give her some room to step out of those clothes. Stand back and get a visual of the woman that your conquering."

He took the step back, maintaining contact with her with his hand, which slid from her shoulder down to her wrist.

"Now another kiss," she instructed, "This time make sure that your hands get inside her panties. Play with her ass crack with your hand, and try to be aware if she tenses up; if she does, she probably doesn't want the ass play. Be aware of that, Kenny."

"Oh, yes," he said, as his hands made exactly the journey that she had described.

"Now you're ready to push her panties down and off; this is the moment of claim. By pushing her panties down and off, you're telling her that this is not only a kissing party but you're claiming a right to fuck her," she instructed.

Kenny's hands were active at the waist band of Sylvie's panties, and the panties were now down and off.

"Reach down for her pussy," she said next, "If she's wet, you're close. Play with the pussy a bit. Listen to her body music now. Listen for her hard breathing. Be aware of any trembling. Listen if she moans or says anything. She will likely tell you, when she's ready for you."

Kenny had a hand at her pussy and fingers entwined with pussy hair and fingering the slit of her vagina. She began to moan, as he slid a finger into her, and then a second.

"Time for a ride, big boy!" she whispered.

They went to the couch and she spread herself and held her arms out. She helped him fit his cock into her pussy. And, once he was seated in the saddle, they began.

"Ohhh," she moaned into his ear. "First part is getting it set and fully inserted. Take that part very slowly, especially, if she's too dry. If she is, you might back off and eat her a bit. But this Aunt's ready for her Kenny!"

"Now you take her for that ride, nice and slow, baby, nice and slow!"

He did and their pace increased as they both became increasingly involved in the fucking. He came a fraction of a minute before she did, and when she did, she was wrapped around him, legs wrapped around him, arms wrapped around him, lips clinging to him.

At the very last few seconds before her orgasmic explosion, she whispered fiercely:

"Fuck me, baby boy! Fuck Aunt Sylvie!"

They shuddered to a halt and were silent for a few second, when Sylvie said:

"On the floor with me now, Kenny, on the floor."

They tumbled onto the floor and she arranged them so that his slimy cock was in her mouth and his lips were at her pussy, sucking out the cum that he'd just put there. He didn't need to be told what was next: He rolled up and kissed her, exchanging his spit and cum for hers.

Then they lay next to each other and didn't move for many minutes.

"Nice fucking, honey!" she said into his ear.

"You are such a good teacher!" he said to her.

"Lots more lessons to go!" was her reply.

They spent the rest of the day companionably and slept together that night. They were both already focusing on Carol's visit the following day. In the evening, before turning in, they discussed it and Sylvie told Kenny how she was planning that it would go.

They were going to tell Carol that Kenny was away with a friend and that would give Sylvie the kind of opportunity to reassert her dominance over Kenny's Mom.

They talked a bit about that in bed that night:

"Have you always been like this, I mean kind of in control of her?" he wanted to know.

"Oh, yes," Sylvie said into the darkness, as she ran her hand down Kenny's naked thigh, "Our Carol has always been fun to play with

"Always?" he asked softly.

"Yes, it certainly seems that way. We grew up together and had questions about sex at the same time. We learned kissing by practicing with one another. And almost from the start she did what I told her to do. That bond just increased over the years. When we were college age, we shared an apartment at school. There I turned her into my slave," Sylvie giggled at that point.

"There were times that I wouldn't let her wear clothes at the apartment; she had to ask my permission to wear anything but underwear."

She rolled over, turning to him and said:

"She asked my permission to marry your Dad."

"Did she really?" he asked amazed.

"Oh, yes," Sylvie said.

"When was the last time, uh, you were together, Aunt Sylvie," he asked.

"Remember my visit?" Sylvie giggled again.

"Then?" he said. "Jeez, I was in the next room."

"Yes, she wanted to be very careful and quiet; she ended using a pillow to not make her sexy noises," Sylvie explained, "And when I had to leave early, she begged me, hands and knees, and kissing my feet, to stay with her a few more days. Oh, our Carol Anne is a hot one!"

"Why call her that?" Kenny asked.

Sylvie smiled. "It's her middle name that she never uses, and we made it her sex name. I call her that, when I'm going to do something sexy to her."

"Wow!" he said then and jumped, when his Aunt's hand found his erect cock.

"I'll show you wow today!" she said, "We'll put Carol through her paces."

He snuggled up to her then saying:

"I love you, Aunt Sylvie; I'll do anything for you."

"I know that, honey," she said, lowering her lips to his cock.

"Wow!" he said again.

"Lots of 'wows' on this vacation!" she said going back to her sucking.

Carol arrived the next day. As she got out of her car, Sylvie came out of the house to meet her. Sylvie enfolded Carol in her arms:

"My lovely Carol," she said into her sister's ear. "How are you, my sweet one."

Carol sighed and looked around quickly.

Sylvie understood and said:

"He's not here right now; talk to me, Carol."

"I'm fine now!" Carol said quietly.

"Missed me, honey?" Sylvie asked.

"Only every day!" Carol said.

"Your choice, love," Sylvie said.

"I know; I needed to try to be on my own but this is where I want to be," Carol said with emotion.

"Well, then welcome back," Sylvie said, "To where you belong."

"He's not here?" Carol asked.

"No, he's off with some friends that I introduced him to, for the day. He'll be back probably this evening."

"Oh," Carol said with a faint smile.

"Oh?" Sylvie said.

"Sylvie, may I?" Carol asked.

"I was wondering when you'd ask," Sylvie said. "Yes, you may."

Carol kissed her sister. It was not a sisterly peck but a soft, deep wet kiss. The kiss lasted until both women were panting. Sylvie broke it and Carol, trembling, went to her knees and grasped Sylvie's hand to kiss it.

"Ma'am," Carol said fervently. "Your ... Your..."

"Say it, Carol!" Sylvie ordered the hesitating woman.

"Your slave is glad to see her mistress!" Carol said at last.

"Feel better now, Carol?" Sylvie asked.

"Yes, ma'am," Carols said, still on her knees.

"Then up you get,"Sylvie said, "We have some play time here before Kenny gets back; let's use it, shall we?"

"Whatever you say; whatever you want, Mistress!" Carol said.

"Yes, I thought so!" Sylvie said, taking Carol by the hand and leading her into the house.

Once there, there was another kiss. Sylvie took Carol by the hand again and said:

"Into the garage and we'll play a bit. I've got some things that I want to use on our Carol Anne today."

"I love it, when you call me that," Carol said.

"Why is that, honey?" Sylvie asked.

Carol looked down and blushed, saying: "You use it, when you're going to do things to me."

"And am I going to do things to you, Carol Anne?" Sylvie asked.

"Oh, I hope so, ma'am," was the quick answer.

"Well, let's see our girl then," Sylvie said next.

Carol understood and immediately pulled her tee shirt up and over her head. In her haste and erotic heat, she didn't bother with neatness, she just swept the tee shirt up and off, letting it pile a few feet away on the floor.

Sylvie watched her do it and frowned.

"Be neat, damn it!" she shouted at her sister.

Carol apologized and scuttled after the tee shirt, folding it and placing it on the corner of the work bench.

Carol's bra was black lace, a soft bra, that let her hardened nipples stick out against and, it seemed, almost through its fabric. Smiling Carol unzipped her skirt next. She let it flutter to the floor and bent to pick it up. It left her wearing a pair of dark thigh high stockings, and a black garter belt that framed very nicely the black stretch lace bikini panties that she was wearing. When she bent for the skirt, she turned her back on Sylvie, saying:

"Pardon my back, mistress!"

Sylvie laughed and said: "Nice ass on you Carol Anne! Nice ass."

"Tell me, Carol, why did you dress in so sexy a fashion?" Sylvie asked, smiling at her sister.

"For you, ma'am," Carol said immediately.

"Lovely," Sylvie said and to herself she thought:

"Boy is Kenny going to love seeing her in that outfit."

She also reflected that the plan was going very nicely.

"Carol Anne, you look so lovely!" she said and then she added:

"You don't mind me calling you 'Carol Anne'?" she asked with a hint of humor.

"Uh, no, ma'am," Carol said, and then:

"You always call me that when you have something planned."

"Are you complaining, Carol Anne?" Sylvie asked.

"Oh, no, ma'am," Carol said, looking earnestly at Sylvie. "I'm just saying."

"That I have something up my sleeve?" Sylvie said slowly.

"Yes, ma'am," Carol said, "Meaning no offense."

"None taken, dear," Sylvie said. "So you think that I am going to do something?"

"Yes, I do, ma'am," Carol said.

"Maybe I have someone here that you're going to have to play with?" Sylvie said, "Now that I have our Kenny out of the way."

"Yes, ma'am," Carol said.

"But you like playing, Carol Anne," Sylvie said.

"Yes, I do, ma'am," Carols said, acknowledging the truth of what Sylvie said. "And you'll play with anyone that I tell you to, isn't that right, Carol Anne?"

"Yes, ma'am," Carol said, and getting to her hands and knees, she crawled to where Sylvie was standing and began to kiss Sylvie's hand.

"Good enough," Sylvie said. "It's about time. But first there's this."

Once she'd said that, Sylvie produced from the work bench two pair of hand cuffs. She attached one end of one pair to Carol's right wrist and the other end to her right ankle. She did the same with the next pair of cuffs and Carol's left wrist and ankle.

"Comfy?" Sylvie asked.

"Yes, ma'am," Carol said.

"Then tell me and use your play thing name," Sylvie said.

"Carol Anne is comfy!" Carol said, waiting now.

"A few little touches yet," Sylvie said.

She picked up a lipstick from the bench and wrote on Carol's forehead:

"Carol Ann'e is Sylvie's Slave!"

"Very nice," Sylvie said, "Kind of a sign for anyone who happens to come our way, don't you think Sylvie. I wrote that you're my slave, honey!"

"I am, ' Carol said simply in return. retrieved a gag from the work bench next and inserted the red ball of the gag into Carol's mouth and then hooked the black strap around at the back of her head.

"Now we're ready!" Sylvie said.

She stroked Carol's cheek and said: " Yes, we're ready, Carol Anne?"

It had become a thing between them ever since the first time that Sylvie whispered into Carol's ear, calling her 'Carol Anne' with her normally unused middle name. From that point on, the name became a kind of a by word for sex play for the two of them.

Sylvie sauntered over to the door to the kitchen. She went through the door and came back in just a few minutes with Kenny.

Carol's eyes were wide with unbelief.

"Here she is, Kenny," Sylvie said, "She's all yours now."

She went to Carol and said to her: "You're all his now, right, Carol Anne? Or do we have to have lessons first?"

The phrase brought Carol out of her amazement. She shook her head 'no' vigorously.

"I thought not," Sylvie said. "You're going to behave, Carol Anne?"

Now Carol shook her head 'yes'. She had a defeated look about her, the kind of look that she had whenever she gave in to her forceful sister's sexual whims.

"Good, girl!" Sylvie said. "Now, when I take off the gag, Carol Anne, I want you to look at Kenny and tell him clearly 'I'm all yours, honey'!' Do you understand me, Carol Anne? Or shall it be one of our famous all night pain parties? I know how much you like those."

Carol was shaking her head violently now to indicate 'yes' to Sylvie's demand.

Sylvie removed the ball gag and without hesitation, Carol said:

"Honey, I'm all yours!" There were tears in her eyes but she meant every word. She didn't have the will or the courage to not do what Sylvie was demanding.

"You look so beautiful, Mom," Kenny said.

"Thank you, honey," Carols said.

"Okay, shall we get this party started, Carol Anne, what say?" Sylvie quipped.

The scene was mesmerizing. Here Carol, or Carol Anne, as she was now in this present situation, was between her two overwhelming loves.

There was Sylvie, whom she loved, and always had with verve and passion and an erotic sense that didn't even know the word 'no' or the phrase 'I won't'. And there, standing in front of her, gaping, and gaping happily, was Kenny, her boy, her life love. And she knew that the two of them were going to intertwine now.

Sylvie's little organized plot had certainly succeeded. Of this, Carol or Carol Anne, was sure. She was going to do what Sylvie wanted, which, she was now positive, was what Kenny wanted too.

"Maybe," she thought, "I want it too and only now am realizing it."

She answered Sylvie's question, and Kenny's guarded but intense look with the simple phrase:

"Kenny, honey, come to Momma!"

"Atta girl, Carol Anne!" Sylvie said, and Carol threw her a shy smile.

Kenny took a step toward Carol and Sylvie said, to give him instructions:

"She's yours, pal; play with her a bit. Feel her up. Pinch her, spank her, be rough, she likes rough, our Carol Anne likes rough, don't you, honey?"

"Yes, ma'am, this Carol Anne likes rough! But maybe, just maybe this will be all about love this time and next time will be rough. Don't you think, Kenny?"

Kenny responded: "Yes, Aunt Sylvie; I think that's just about right."

"Carol?" Sylvie asked.

"Ohhhh, lovely!' Carol responded. She turned to Kenny again then and said:

"You do what you want, honey? Don't just steal your Momma's panties now; you just do what you want to do. We all want that."

"We sure do!'' Sylvie said.

"You knew?" Kenny asked.

"Of course," Carols said.

"Then why didn't you say something?" he wanted to know, stepping closer.

"Because I liked it," Carol answered softly.

"She liked it! She liked it! She fucking liked it!" Kenny said, as he removed his tee shirt and slid his shorts down and off, then off went the pair of panties that Sylvie had given him to wear.

His cock was large and sticking straight out. He turned and looked at Sylvie, and at that moment, so did Carol. They both were taking their directions from Aunt Sylvie: sister, aunt, and magus.

Sylvie laughed and said: "Well, our impression has definitely been made; let's get her up and accessible, Kenny."

Sylvie and Kenny removed the hand cuffs from Carol, which had proven to be no longer necessary. Carol stood up and Kenny, no longer able, willing or needing to resist reached a hand out. He stroked his Mom's cheek and let the hand slowly drift down past her shoulder to her left breast.

"Ohhhhhh, yes, honey," Carol said, "Feel your Momma."

He put both of his hands under the heft of her tit and asked:

"How big?"

Carol gave him a shy smile and said: "38c!"

"Gorgeous!" Kenny said, playing with her tits, hefting them and pulling at the nipples through the lace of the black bra.

"It hooks in the font, love," Carol said, to be helpful.

"The front," Kenny said seeking out the hook for the bra, and unhooking it. They let the bra fall down and off of her.

"Oh, look!" Kenny sighed, as he took his Mom's tits in his hands. "Big and beautiful."

The sight was indeed marvelous, as her large, melon like breasts sagged just a bit into his eager hands.

"Your ... Your brea..."

"Call the 'tits', Kenny," Sylvie said. "It's what they are. They're for playing with."

"Your tits are wonderful, Mom," he said, slowly losing his self consciousness.

"Thank you, honey," Carol said.

"Do you like this?" Kenny asked, as he stroked the tits and rubbed the extended, hardened nipples.

"Oh, yes," Carol said, play with them, "But, honey, you can be a bit rough; pinch the nipples and if you take them into your mouth, bite them a little."

Kenny's surprise grew, his smile widened, and he glanced at Sylvie with his grin of anticipation.

"That's our, Carol Anne," Sylvie said, "Handle her and she gets randy right away. Always has, always will."

And then Kenny was indeed pinching the dark brown nipples. At first slightly, causing Carol to sigh almost quietly but then he increased the pressure of the pinch on each nipple.

"Ohhhhhhhhh dammmmmmmnnnnnn!" Carol wailed, through clenched teeth.

Her noise increased then, as he applied his tongue and mouth to her right nipple and after licking for a little, bit down on the sensitive nipple.

"Awwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwww!!!!!" Carol threw her head back and sang, holding onto his shoulders for dear life.

Then he licked and bit the other nipple and in the middle of her accompanying sigh, she came. She clung to him, grasping him, knowing that if she didn't she would surely fall over. He held her, grinning for all he was worth at his Aunt Sylvie, who was winking at him. He held his Mom until she stopped shaking, and was capable of only a sighing:

"Thank you, Kenny, honey!"

"That was awesome, Mom," Kenny said, still holding her.

"Yes, yes, it was;" she said and then she kissed him, licking his lips and sucking his tongue.

The tongue sucking really turned Kenny on even more.

"Let me," Carol said, "Carol Anne, is asking her baby, is asking very politely here; may I, will you let me? May I have your marvelous cock to play with?"

Carol then looked at Sylvie for confirmation:

"May I, Syvie, Mistress?" she asked politely.

"I have given you to him," Sylvie said. "He can decide."

"Oh," Carol said, struck by what she was just told, "Given me to him! Oh!"

She turned her attention to Kenny and said: "I am asking, you, sir; I am begging if I need to."

Kenny smiled and decided to play the situation:

"What exactly are you asking for, Mom?" he said smiling.

"I want to, uh..." she paused

"Say it, tell me, ask me specifically or get dressed and leave the room!" was his next words.

Syvlie laughed: "Got her now, Kenny!"

"Sir," Carol hastened to say, "Sir..."

He interrupted her a this point and said: "Look at me, into my eyes, when you ask and use words that I want to hear!"

"Of course, sir," Carol said, "Lost, absolutely lost in the lust of the moment; maybe adjustments would have to be made later but for now. He was the focus of her world and her intentions.

"Let me, please, suck your cock!" she said, staring at him, and putting a beseeching look on her face.

"Oh, are you a cock sucker, Mom?" he asked, almost innocently, much to Caol's consternation and Sylvie's delight.

"Yes, sir, Kenny, darling, I am exactly that! Sylvie, my Mistress, provides me always with cocks to suck. I was afraid that since you were here this time, I'd get no chance, and I love it so; may I please? I promise to do it well for you! I promise."

Kenny snatched the lipstick from the work bench then and wrote across Carol's chest and tits:

"My Mom the cock sucker!"

"Yes, true, exactly!" Carol said. "I will be a Carol Anne for you too; I promise!"

"We'll hold you to that," Sylvie said.

"Please do!" Carols said.

"Do it, cock sucker!" Kenny rasped, and Carol wasted no time at all lowering her head and capturing the head of his cock in her mouth. He grunted immediately with the impact of it.

"No finesse!" Sylvie said to Kenny, "Just cum as soon as you need; we'll go slowly with her later. Just cum in the bitch's mouth now."

He did. He didn't last long this first time but flooded his Mom's mouth with his cum. There was enough of it that it ended running down her chin. She used a finger to capture it and put it into her mouth, grinning at him as she did.

"Wonderful!" Kenny said.

"Now watch this, Kenny," Sylvie said. Then she ordered Carol:

"Come to me, Carol Anne; my ass hole needs love."

Carol scuttled on her hands and knees to where Sylvie was standing and, flitting behind her sister's back, began the process of licking and kissing Sylvie's ass and her ass hole. As she did, she played with Sylvie's pussy to bring her to orgasm. Kenny was watching and his cock was huge and stiff again. He went to the two women, his Mom and his Aunt, and standing next to them proceeded to jerk off all over the side of his Mom's very busy face.

When it was done, they all were ready for a pause. It was Sylvie, naturally, who directed what would happen next:

"Here, Carol," she said putting a pair of the hand cuffs on her sister and hooking the hand cuffs on a hook on a beam, leaving Carol stretched there. She turned to Kenny, who was watching with great interest and said:

"Look at her panties; they tie at the sides. The slut likes to be able to get out of her panties quickly. Take them; you'll look great in them."

Kenny gladly did what Sylvie suggested, and put the black bikini panties on.

"We'll use her again in a bit but now we'll get something to eat. Come on, Kenny; she'll be fine here. Won't you, Carol Anne, bitch?"

"Yes, ma'am, sir, whatever you want from me!" Carol answered as they went into the kitchen.

"Was she always that way with you?" Kenny asked his Aunt at the table.

"No always; but she was very trainable," Sylvie answered.

"Maybe we should visit the bitch, Kenny; shall we?" Sylvie asked.

"Should we take her some lunch?" Kenny asked.

"Of course," Sylvie said. "Some yogurt; good for her figure."

Sylvie got the yogurt out and put it in a large bowl."

We want her to be able to get her face and tongue down there for it. Don't we, love? Sylvie asked.

Kenny laughed, realizing what they were going to do:

"Yes, we certainly do."

"Now, when you get in there, I'm going to let you feed her. Call her 'Carol Anne'," Sylvie said. "It'll be a sure sign to her that I'm letting you have her sexually."

"Yes, ma'am," Kenny said.

The two of them went into the garage, where Carol was still hanging by her wrists. He toes could reach the floor to keep the weight off of her arms and shoulders.

"Some lunch?" Kenny asked.

"Yes, please," Carol said.

"It's yogurt," Kenny said, "I'll hold the bowl for you."

Then looking directly into his Mom's face, he said: "Are you ready, Carol Anne?"

Carol blushed a bright red; she understood his use of her middle name immediately. She hastened to answer:

"Yes, sir, Carol Anne is ready!"

He hesitated: "Ready for what, Carol Anne?"

"Ready for anything at all, sir," she said. "Please may I feed now?"

He held the bowl up to her face and watcher her lick from the bowl. His cock was hugely erect at the sight. Then he took the bowl away and she looked at him questioningly.

"What's your name?" he asked softly.

She knew: "I'm your Carol Anne!" she said quietly.

"How often?" he wanted to know.

"As often as you want me to be," she answered, and leaned over to kiss the back of his hand.

"Looks like our Carol Anne has a new master," Sylvie said.

"Yes, ma'am; yes, sir!" Carol said.

Kenny gave her the bowl of yogurt again.

Sylvie interrupted the feeding by drawling:

"What say, Kenny, time to be a 'mother fucker'?"

He grinned and shook his head a definite 'yes'. They took her down then and she thanked them in a soft voice for taking her down.

Kenny was becoming more and more excited as he watched the way his Aunt Sylvie and his Mom interacted.

"Well, let's take her to the bedroom," Sylvie said, "No use fucking Mommie in the garage. What do you say, Sport, ready to entertain our big boy here?"

"Yes, ma'am," Carol said quietly.

Sylvie slapped her face and said severely: "Speak up, we can't hear you; don't you take an attitude with me!"

"Sorry, ma'am, sir!" Carol said in a louder voice, "I'm ready, ma'am, sir, to do whatever you want me to do!"

"So, you're ready to be fucked by the wonderful boy?" Sylvie asked.

"Yes, Kenny, honey," Carol said to him directly then, "I want you to take me to the bedroom and fuck me! Will you do that for me?"

Kenny was grinning at her and at Sylvie and said: "Sure, Mom, let's go!"

Before they moved in the direction of the bedroom, Sylvie spoke up and said:

"Wait, let's prepare her first."

As Kenny watched, and ogled a bit, Sylvie tied Carol's hands behind her back. Carol let out a sighing kind of moan.

"She loves this, don't you, honey?" Sylvie asked.

"Yes, ma'am," Carol said, kind of breathlessly, "I really do."

"Wow!" Kenny said as Sylvie then tied a rope around Carol's ankles, restricting her movement to very short, mincing steps.

"Last exotic touch now!" Sylvie said, and got a black, leather hood that he placed over Carol's head. The mouth was zipped closed.

"All ready now!" Sylvie said.

"Far out!" Kenny said, hardly breathing.

He reached out and grabbed one of his Mother's nipples, and pulled it, twisting it sideways and pinching it.

Carol's moan was barely heard, due to the hood over her head.

"Geez, I like this!" Kenny said enthusiastically, as he grabbed and twisted the other nipple at the same time.

"Treat her like that and you'll be 'in like Flynn'," Sylvie said laughing. "Right, slut?"

Carol shook her head 'yes' vigorously.

"Little touch here," Sylvie said, and produced from the work bench a long, green, thin garden stake. She gave one to Kenny and kept one herself.

"March, bitch!" Sylvie said, and Carol began to shuffle toward the kitchen.

Kenny gave Sylvie a questioning look and held up the green switch. Sylvie vigorously shook her head 'yes'. Tentatively at first, Kenny used the switch against his Mom's thigh. She jumped and squealed into the hood covering her face.

He grinned at his Aunt Sylvie and hit her again on the other thigh. Her progress forward had stopped to let him do what he wanted. He was both amazed and super turned on by this latest.

Sylvie hit Carol on the ass then, and she jumped even more. It left Sylvie grinning to Kenny and he mimicked her and slashed at his Mom's lovely, plump ass cheeks, leaving a red mark.

"You like this, Mom?" Kenny asked.

Her answer of 'Yes, honey!" was muffled but could be understood. She was now making her mincing way into the kitchen. Kenny and Sylvie were watching and enjoying the difficulty of her progress. He knew that the stairs would be hard for her. They were.

As she struggled up the stairs, Sylvie would hit her on the ass with the green switch. It caused a muffled but obvious outcry from Carol each time it happened. Kenny and Sylvie took turns playing the game, hitting Carol's ass. Kenny realized that he didn't hit her as hard as Sylvie did.

It took a good deal of time but finally Carol got up to the landing and shuffled her way into the bedroom.

"Here we are," Sylvie said, "Well done, Carol1!"

She took off Carol's hood and Carol's first words were:

"Thank you, ma'am, sir, for helping me up the stairs."

Kenny took his handkerchief and wiped the tears from her face, and wiped her nose.

"Okay, enough homey sentiment," Sylvie said, "We have something to do here, remember Carol?"

"Yes, ma'am," she said quickly, "We're here so that my Kenny can fuck me!"

"Bravo, girl!" Sylvie said. "Right the first time. So, let's get rid of these."

She said this while she undid the binding from Carol's ankles. Carol flexed her feet and ankles, once the rope was gone.

"Almost ready here," Sylvie said, moving over to where Kenny was watching.

She got Kenny's semi erect cock out, and held it out.

"Kneel here, girl!" Sylvie said and held Carol's elbow as she went to her knees in front of Kenny and Sylvie.

"Thank you, ma'am," Carol said.

"Welcome, slut," Sylvie said, and then, grinning at Kenny added:

"You are a slut, right, Carol Anne?"

"Yes, ma'am," Carol answered, "This is Carol Anne the slut."

"Good now get to work, and get him hard," Sylvie ordered.

Carol shuffled on her knees to get directly in front of Kenny and with her lips and tongue, got Kenny's cock into her mouth. She knew what to do, and so, kept her eyes on Kenny all the while that she was working on his cock.

"Ohhhhhh, Mom!" Kenny moaned.

"Ready?" Sylvie asked.

Kenny shook his head 'yes' avidly, and Sylvie took Carol by the arm and propelled her to a position on the bed. She had her lying with her upper body on the bed, and her knees on the floor, her ass raised in the air.

Kenny stepped in behind her, and, with no further encouragement rubbed the head of his cock up and down Carol's pussy slit.

"Ohhhhhhh, Kenny!" Carol moaned.

Sylvie, now naked also, got herself up on the bed and moved down until she had Carol's head between her own thighs. Carol looked up, smiled at her sister, and whispered:

"May I?"

"Do!" Sylvie said, and Carol began to lick and suck at Sylvie's pussy, while Kenny was busy still pumping slowly in and out of her pussy.

"Like being fucked by your boy, slut?" Sylvie asked.

"Yes, ma'am, thank you for arranging it for me, and thank you, sir, for doing it!" Carol said breathlessly.

"Okay, stop," Sylvie said.

Both Kenny and Carol stopped what they were doing. Sylvie slapped Carol's face and said harshly:

"Not you, dumb cunt!"

Carol said: "Sorry, ma'am," and went back to eating Sylvie's pussy.

"Now, Kenny, a real treat, and one that our girl doesn't like; pull your cock out."

Kenny did as he was told and then Sylvie gave him further directions:

"Pull her ass cheeks apart, wide!"

"Nooooo!" Carol wailed and only succeeded in getting her face slapped again.

"That's it, honey," Sylvie said to Kenny, "Now push the head into her ass, slowly."

"Wow!" Kenny said, and putting some pressure against her ass hole with his cock, popped his cock head into her ass.

"Mmmmmmmmmmpppppfffff!" Carol moaned, as Sylvie held her head in place against the pussy lips that Carol was, by this time, avidly licking.

Kenny then continued his fucking but this time he was butt fucking his Mom, as she ate Sylvie's pussy.

Kenny came first, and then Sylvie. Kenny slumped down on his Mom's back and didn't move right away.

He finally straightened up. Sylvie was grinning at him and he returned her grin.

"Untie her hands, honey," Sylvie said. "She knows what to do next."

As soon as Carol's hands were untied and she could get up, she knelt in front of Kenny and took his cock in her mouth to clean it.

"Ohhhhhhhhhh!" Kenny groaned this time, as his Mom cleaned his cock.

"You have our permission," Sylvie said to Carol, to get on the bed and play with yourself, bring yourself off.

"Thank you, ma'am, sir!" Carols said, smiling at them now and kissing in turn each of their hands.

Kenny watched now as his Mom got up on the bed and eagerly began to play with herself, to bring herself to an orgasm.

She lay back tired from the ordeal, when she'd come. Sylvie lay down next to her, cuddling Carol and kissing her cheek. Kenny took the opportunity to lie down on the other side of Carol and cuddled her from that side.

"Ohhhhhhh dear!" Carol sighed. "You two are the best."

"We like to take care of our little Carol Anne," Sylvie said.

"Thank you, both of you!" Carol said.

A little bit later, when they'd had a bit of a rest, Sylvie said:

"Shower?"

"Great!" Carol said, then added: "The three of us?"

"Yep!" Sylvie said.

The women took turns in the shower washing Kenny, and he helped wash each of them in turn. When they were finished and dried, Carol asked if she might dress, and Sylvie said:

"Want to sleep between two lovely, older naked women, Sport?"

"Wow!" Kenny said.

He woke up alone and groggy. Then he remembered.

"Shit!" he said to himself, "A dream! A fucking dream!"

There was, of course, a lingering smile because, as he said to himself next:

"What a dream that was!"

Then two things happened. First, he noticed that he was naked in bed, and he never was 'allowed' to go to bed naked at home. Then he saw his Aunt Sylvie standing in the doorway. She was wonderfully naked except for a pair of skimpy, yellow bikini panties.

"Oh my, Aunt Sylvie!" he said.

"Hi, sport!" she said back to him.

"Aunt Sylvie, I thought it was all a dream, that I'd made yesterday and all of this up."

"Well, if it was a dream, love," she said, "I must be one of the coolest illusions that you've ever had!"

"Say that again!" he said, then:

"And Mom?"

"Oh, our Carol Anne is waiting for you downstairs. She's been told that she needs to give you a special morning greeting and then it's breakfast time. So, whenever you're ready, sport, ' it's downstairs and see our girl."

"Ready now!" he said, "Shall I, uh, wear anything?" He asked the last a little shyly.

She went to the bed with her arms out for him and said, with a gleam in her eye:

"And hide that boner?" she said, "No way. I love it, and Carol Anne will be positively hungry for it."

"Oh, the morning greeting, you mean?" he grinned.

"Exactly," was her response, "Let's go and see if our girl is up to it."

They went hand in hand down to the kitchen. There he found his Mom. As soon as he walked into the kitchen he said:

"Oh gee!"

"I guess," Aunt Sylvie said.

There was his Mom, kneeling on the floor totally naked, with a kind of device around her neck that served as a collar and also had, on the extremities, cuffs for her wrists, holding her hands up at the level of her shoulders.

Carol knew exactly what to say:

"Good morning, Kenny, sir, your Carol Anne is waiting for you."

"Mom, you look wonderful!" he said.

"Thank you, love!" she said, "I'm glad you approve."

"She's going to do the morning greeting," Sylvie said, "But you can play with her first."



Chapter 2
Posted: September 21, 2010 - 03:02:53 am

"Wow!" was Kenny's immediate thought and word, as he went across the kitchen to where his Mom was waiting for him.

"Tell him, Carol Anne, don't make me get angry here," Sylvie said.

"Do anything that you want, Kenny, Sir," she said. "Your Carol Anne is here for you."

He reached out and grabbed one of her nipples, already extended and hardened from the position that Sylvie had put her in and the current demands that were being made on her by Sylvie and her son Kenny.

"Ohhhhh," Carol said with a huge sigh.

Kenny turned and grinned at his smiling Aunt Sylvie. She nodded her head to him. He twisted the nipple.

"Ohhhhh, Shit!" Carol said.

"Language, girl!" Sylvie said to Carol. But Kenny's manipulation of her nipple was too much for her to control the language.

"Fuck, yes," she wailed, "Do that, pinch them; bite them."

"LANGUAGE!" Sylvie said, and went to the sink.

Carol knew immediately what was going to happen and said: "I'm sorry, sorry; I won't do it again."

"Got to learn, my girl," Sylvie said and came up with a bottle of Palmolive dish detergent. She went to Carol and told her to open her mouth. Carol did without any further comments.

Kenny's eyes were huge and wide as his Aunt Sylvie poured a mouthful of the dishwashing liquid into his Mom's mouth.

"Fifteen minutes, girl!" Sylvie said, "Learn your lesson."

She gave Kenny a huge grin, whose turn it was now to nod to his Aunt Sylvie.

"Okay, now face on the floor, ass in the air; make a display for our boy here," Sylvie demanded and Carol did as she was told.

Sylvie turned to Kenny and said with great appreciation:

"Look at the ass on her!"

"Marvelous!" Kenny said. Then to Carol he repeated it.

"Marvelous ass, Mom!"

Sylvie laughed: "She can't talk right now or she'll be blowing bubbles." She laughed some more and said to him:

"Too bad your name is not 'bubbles'!"

Both Kenny and Sylvie laughed at that. Then Sylvie went on:

"Kenny, honey, doesn't it make you want to bite that ass?"

"It sure does," Kenny answered.

"Then give her a minute to get rid of her mouthwash, and we'll go directly to the ass biting."

She turned to Carol and said to her:

"Up, girl, and spit that out and watch your mouth and your manners better!"

Carol went to the sink and spit her mouthful of soap into the sink. With Kenny's help she rinsed and rinsed and finally her mouth was clear.

"Thank you, sir," she said quietly and then:

"I'm so sorry, ma'am, sir! I'll watch my mouth in the future. Please accept my apology!" Carol said abjectly.

"Now, back on your hands and knees, as you were," Sylvie ordered, "Face on the floor, ass in the air!" Sylvie snapped at the naked woman.

Carol went to her knees, hampered all this while by the bar across her neck, and waited.

"Biting time?" Sylvie asked of Kenny.

With a huge grin, Kenny got to his knees behind his kneeling Mom and lowered his head. He fastened his teeth on her left ass cheek and, gathering in a mouthful of his Mom's ass flesh, bit it and worried it a bit, like a dog with something in its mouth.

"Owwwwwww!" Carol moaned, as Kenny bit her ass.

Then he moved to the right cheek and did the same to it, leaving, as he had with the left cheek, a large bruised bite mark.

"Very nice," Sylvie said, "Very decorative. But I guess we should get on with our program here, if our girl is going to ever make us some breakfast." To Carol she said, reaching down for a handful of hair:

"Up on your knees, greet the boy the way that you're supposed to, slut!"

Carol was up on her knees then. She gazed at Kenny and the gaze was one of unmixed love. He smiled at her and ran his hand along the length of his stiff cock, approaching his naked Mom, whose mouth was now open and gaping for him.

"Please, honey," she crooned to him, "May I have it? Please?"

"Yes, Mom," he said, thrilled to be in charge.

He ran the cock along her lips, and she received it with her active tongue, licking around and under the head and getting ready for the full scale insertion of it into her mouth.

He was in control and held onto the bars that were running across her shoulder and holding her hands in place.

"You look so hot," Kenny said to his Mom.

"Thank you, love," she said, "Sylvie always takes care of me, always."

Then, resisting no longer, Kenny pushed his prick into her mouth, and began to move his hips, pulling the cock out and pushing it in, always covered with her spit, glistening and gleaming and then moving back into its task of ramming itself into her willing mouth.

Carol was crooning with her effort, making throat noises of pleasure and contentment.

Kenny smiled at Aunt Sylvie, who was watching; he winked and pulled the cock out of his Mom's mouth.

"Noooooo, please!" she wailed.

"You like that, Carol Anne?" he asked.

"Yes, honey, sir," she said. "I really do."

"Tell me about how much you like it, Carol Anne!" he demanded, getting a kick out of using her 'sex' name.

"I love doing it; I'm like a new woman every time I have a new cock in my mouth. I love the tastes, the textures, the hardness and softness of them. I love it when they're sweaty. I love it, when they're not clean enough, the tastes the strangeness, the loveliness."

"Mom," Kenny said then, "You sound like you're really dedicated to it."

"I am, sir!" she said earnestly, trying desperately to cooperate so that he'd give her his prick again.

"Does Aunt Sylvie always let you practice your cock sucking?" he asked.

"Oh, yes, she does," Carol Anne said with enthusiasm. "She always supplies me with all kinds, and in all sorts of places. Mistress Sylvie is good to me."

"Then you want me to be good to you too?" he asked.

"Yes, sir, my darling Kenny, will you please? I'll do the best job for you possible."

"No enough," Kenny said, and Sylvie laughed.

"He's a shark, Carol Anne, watch out!" Sylvie barked at her.

"What will you do, if I let you have your lollipop again?" he wanted to know.

"Anything, honey!" she said softly. "Please let me and I will do anything that you tell me to do; I mean it: Anything!"

"Good," he said. "For me to allow you to blow me this morning, and have the cock in your mouth that you want, I want tonight to be a night of pain!"

"Eeeeeeep!" Carol Anne said involuntarily. "Kenny?"

"Reneging? Lying Bitch!" he said. "Get dressed, and go home!"

Carol Anne had her face on the floor at his feet immediately, kissing his feet. She was whining and crying now:

"Sorry! So sorry! Of course, yes, of course!" she babbled. "If Master Kenny wants to have a night of pain then a night of pain we will have. May we, Mistress Sylvie?" she asked.

"Is it what you want?" Sylvie asked. "Is that part of your 'anything' that I heard you promise Kenny?"

Carol Anne didn't hesitate at all then:

"Yes, it is; it certainly is." She turned to Kenny and said:

"I want to demonstrate that I don't make such a promise to you idly; nor am I lying to you, and I'm ashamed that my actions have caused you to think that of me. I will try to make it up to you and I promise that tonight will be a night of pain for me."

She sounded desperate and there were tears in her eyes, as she said it.

"Darling Master, Kenny!" she said at last, still kissing his feet. "Please forgive this worthless slave. Please."

He smiled down at his Mom's desperate face and then shot a grinning glance at Sylvie, who nodded at him. Then he pulled his Mom up to her knees by the bar that was holding her hands prisoner and set her right. He moved forward a step and pushed his cock into her crooning mouth.

She clamped down on the prick with her lips and swirled her tongue around, sighing and working hard at her cock sucking.

"Mmmmm, mmmmmmmm!" she hummed into the skin of the cock that was pushing its way in and out of her mouth.

"Ohhhh," Kenny said then. Her lips and tongue were doing the job for him; he was about to cum.

Just as he started to cum, he pulled his cock out of her mouth and shot his load in her hair, in the corner of one eye and one her cheeks. She knelt silently and let him do it.

"Clean it, and eat it!" he said to her next, loving the power that he had gained, the sexual power that he'd gained over his Mom during the past 24 hours.

"May I, will you allow me to clean your cock now, sir?" she wanted to know, on her absolutely best behavior.

"Yes," he said. "Do it."

She moved to him on her knees and took his softened prick in her mouth to clean it. When she was done, she turned to Sylvie expectantly.

But Sylvie said: "No, you serve him today; I'll help with the night of pain tonight. I like that so much. Breakfast now, Carol Anne, Carol Anne."

"Breakfast, yes, Ma'am, sir," Carol Anne said, as Sylvie released her from the yoke of wood that she'd been bound to.

"Hey, sport," Sylvie said,"Go to the bedroom and behind the door you will find two robes. Bring them for your Mom and me, will you please?"

"Sure, Aunt Sylvie," he said and went right away to fetch the robes.

One was a fiery red and the other was a pale yellow. Both were silk and about mid thigh length. He had stopped to put on a pair of shorts and a tee shirt himself, while fetching the robes.

"Thanks, sport!" Sylvie said.

"Thanks, honey," Carol said, giving him both a hug and a kiss.

The situation seemed to have changed. As he hugged his Mom, Kenny almost in a shy fashion slid his hand down to let it rest at her waist.

"You go right ahead, Kenny love," she said to him, "That has not changed."

"Oh, Mom," he said hugging her, as he repositioned his hands to rest on the swell of her ass cheeks.

He ran the hand around a bit, feeling and squeezing as it went.

"My," his Mom sighed. "That does feel good."

"You're so pretty, Mom," he said, and she hugged him again.

Then she paid attention to getting a breakfast ready for all three of them. When it was all ready, they sat at the table and ate companionably.

As they ate, Kenny spoke up and said:

"Mom, that hasn't changed anything at all."

The two women looked at him and his Mom said:

"What, honey?"

He said in a shy voice:

"What we, uh, did, I mean, hasn't changed how much I love you. I, uh, just wanted to say that."

"Oh, honey," she said with great affection, going to him and hugging him. "I know that, my sweet boy; I just know that."

"You know that?" he asked, kind of relieved and wondering at the same time.

"Yes," she said. "Look at me and your Aunt Sylvie. What she and I get up to is really, really exciting and it never at all changes how I feel about her and the way that she feels about me."

Both Carol and Sylvie beamed at Kenny at that point. He seemed to be really, truly relieved, when his Mom said that.

"I'm so glad, Mom," he said, "I was afraid..."

His voice trailed off then and she went to him to give him another hug.

"Of course you were, honey," she said. "Of course you were but look at me and Sylvie. We're still the two ladies in your life that love you the very most, and that's not going to change at all. Not a bit, sweet boy."

He was finished at that point, and asked:

"May I be excused to go and play some video games?"

"No looking at porn on the net!" Sylvie said with a grin.

He grinned back at her, and held his hand in the air: "Scout's honor!" he said solemnly.

"Are you a scout?" she asked suspiciously.

"No, ma'am," he said, grinning again.

"Go!" his Mom said then, "And if you find any good porn, be sure to show us!"

He went away giggling into his hand.

Carol sighed, as he left the room.

"He's such a great kid!" Sylvie said.

Carol, mist in her eyes said: "Yes, love, he really is, and I guess that I need to really thank you for helping me along with him like this."

"Well, he'll get his education from the women who love him," Sylvie said, "As he should."

"You're right," Carol said, "As usual."

She went to her sister then, who received her with open arms. Carol looked up at Sylvie, who said to her softly:

"Carol, my Carol, don't you ever forget either how much I love you. It is now as it always has been, you and me, and that's not going to change. Don't you worry about tonight. We'll take it easy."

Carol looked at her and said: "Let him do what he wants; show him the toys; show him how. Of course I'll dread it but you know me well enough to know also that it'll make me as hot as a pistol."

"That's my Carol Anne!" Sylvie said.

"Yes, love, that's who I am, first and foremost and at the end of each day: your Carol Anne."

Sylvie grinned at her then, and Carol said:

"What do you have up your sleeve now?"

"Whatever do you mean?" Sylvie asked in innocence.

"I know the look; we're talking like girlfriends here now but I know that when I resume my proper position, you're going to tell me that you just seem to have something special for me."

"You know me too well," Sylvie said. "Are you up for a treat this afternoon?"

"Treat?" Carol asked. "With Kenny?"

"No," Sylvie said, "We'll tell him that we have to go out for a bit. He can play games on the computer."

"And watch porn!" Carol said.

"After what he's seen this morning and last night, does that matter?" Sylvie wanted to know.

"No, I guess not," Carol said, after considering it for a moment.

"Well, then let me tell you," Sylvie went on. "A friend of mine is having a card game this afternoon. They're cops and they're off this afternoon. They play a little cards and invite me over to see if they can talk me out of my panties."

"Have they succeeded?" Carol wanted to know.

"Not yet but they're in there pitching!" Sylvie said with a laugh.

"And so?" Carol asked next.

"And so, I'm going to doll you up specially and take you over there as their refreshments."

"Ohhhhhh," Carol giggled.

"And what'll I wear?" she wanted to know.

"I think the chain halter," Sylvie said.

"Ohhhhhhhhh," Carols sighed, and instinctively at that point and went to her knees.

"Ma'am," Carol said, slipping without a hitch into the submissive character that she loved so much, and that appealed to Sylvie so much, "You know how to treat a girl."

Carol thought for a few seconds and asked: "Do you think that we should let Kenny watch you get me ready, ma'am?"

"Great idea," Sylvie said, stroking Carol's face, "Maybe he'll want to use you that way later. Let me just make the call."

She got the phone and made the call:

"Hey, Johnnie," she said, "Yes, it's Sylvie. Is the game going on?"

"No," she said laughing, "I'm not going to come over there and let you take my panties off."

He said something then and she laughed and said:

"But I will promise to come over and bring refreshments."

She hesitated a moment and listened and then said:

"No, I won't explain; yes, give me about a half hour and I'll be there, and Johnnie, if you fool with me, I'll shoot your dick off!"

Carol could hear the laughter all the way over the phone.

"It's on," Sylvie said. "Let's go and tell Kenny and get you ready."

They went together up to his room, knocked first but still caught him with the photo of a naked woman on the computer.

"Busted!" Sylvie said, and he turned around and just grinned at them.

"Sorry," he said.

Sylvie went to him and said:

"No, pal, no 'sorries' here; if at your age you weren't looking on the net at naked women, that would be a problem."

"You're the best, Aunt Sylvie," he said, as she kissed him on the head.

"Hi, Mom," he said then, not having seen her at first, since she was standing behind Sylvie at the time.

"Hey, sport, your Mom and I have to go out of a few hours. Will you be okay here with your naked pictures and all?"

He blushed and said: "Sure, Aunt Sylvie."

Then Sylvie turned to Carol and said:

"Carol Anne, give the boy something to think about, while were gone."

Carol said a soft 'yes ma'am, ' and went to the bedroom. She came back with a pair of her panties, and handed them to a grinning Kenny.

"Yesterday's," Carol said to him.

"Gee thanks, Mom," he responded.

"Come on;" Sylvie said, "You can help get your Mom ready."

He followed them to Sylvie's room, the bedroom that she was sharing with Carol.

"I have everything that we need in the closet. Then turning to Carol, she said:

"Get ready!"

"Yes, ma'am," Carol said, shedding her robe and standing naked by the bed.

"Ohhhhh," Kenny said, when he saw his Mom naked again.

"Can't get used to the sight, eh?" Sylvie asked him.

"No," Kenny said, "She's so pretty!"

"She is that," Sylvie said, running an appreciative hand over Carol's back and down to her ass cheeks.

_"Where will you be going?" Kenny asked, and immediately he said:

"Sorry, I don't need to know."

"Remember, Kenny, no 'sorries'," Sylvie said. "You're part of us now and you have a right to know. A group of my friends, policemen, are playing cards. I promised to take your Mom over there and let her entertain them."

"Wow!" Kenny said.

"We'd take you along, pal," she went on, "But they are cops and you are under age, you know."

"I understand, Aunt Sylvie," he said, "Can I help here?"

"Sure can," Sylvie said, and went to the closet.

While Carol just looked on with owl eyes, Sylvie got out a box that rattled with chains and metal.

"We're going to make our Carol Anne look all sexy for the guys," Sylvie said.

"Good!" was Kenny's comment as he watched Sylvie take a complicated set of chains, light chains out of the box.

"Wow!" Kenny said, "It looks like that's gonna hurt!" He was reacting to the clips and chains and hooks that came with the contraption.

"Honey," Carol said. "You Mom likes this; it's the way that Aunt Sylvie and I play. We like these games. Wait until you see it all. It's exciting."

She kissed him, after she said that and Sylvie, smiling, fastened the contraption around Carol's neck. There was a chain that went down the back with two wrist cuffs. Sylvie fastened the cuffs around Carol's wrist behind her back and to each other. There was a chain that wrapped around Carol's waist also. This was snugged into place next. Attached to the waist chain was another similar long chain with two ankle cuffs. Next Sylvie fastened the cuffs around her ankles.

"What do you think, sport?" Aunt Sylvie asked Kenny.

"Definitely hot!" was his reply.

"Maybe we should plan tomorrow to dress her this way and play with her a bit," Sylvie said.

"Could we?" Kenny said, bright eyed.

"Sure can, eh, Carol Anne?" Sylvie answered.

"Yes, ma'am, yes, sir," she said lapsing into her submissive personality to assure them that she'd do what they wanted.

"It's the beauty of this," Sylvie explained to Kenny, "She loves this and it's so much fun doing it to her, with her. It's what you've already experienced."

"Yes, I know," Kenny said, almost lost in the memory.

"Tell you what," Sylvie said next. "Once we have her all ready, we'll get her to give her main man a blow job to get her afternoon started."

"Does this mean that we won't be able to..." he began but Sylvie cut him off:

"Don't you think it for a moment," she said. "You've ordered a pain night for our girl and she will comply. It's still early, before lunch still, and tonight our girl belongs to you and me, body and soul. Tonight we're going to make our Carol Anne cry out for mercy! You'll see."

She ended and gave him a gesture for a 'high five', which he met with enthusiasm.

Carol was beaming at him.

"Tell him," Sylvie said.

Carol knew what she was talking about:

"Kenny, I love you so very much!" was what she had to say.

"I love you too, Mom," he said to her giving her a hug.

"Time to get you ready, girl!" Sylvie said, slapping Carol's ass, and getting a 'yip' from her.

Kenny laughed and slapped his Mom's ass next, also very hard, and he got an involuntary 'yip' also.

The next part of the chain outfit that was fixed into place were the clips for the nipples.

"Ready, love?" Sylvie asked.

Carol, moist eyed now, shook her head 'no'.

Sylvie laughed and said: "Okay, here we go."

She attached the first clip and Carol just barely suppressed a scream. She danced in place a little bit and Kenny ended up supporting her. She calmed down a bit after a few minutes.

"It will hurt as much, when we take them off of her," Sylvie said.

"Ohhhh," Kenny said in awe.

"Next one," Sylvie said, attaching the next clip. It got the same reaction as the first one did, the subdued screaming, dancing and jumping around a bit. Kenny grabbed her again and held onto her until she settled down.

"Hard part is done, girl," Sylvie said. "Now this."

She took a large hook that was attached to a fairly long chain running from the waist chain and had Carol bend over so that she could get the hook worked into Carol's ass hole.

"Spread her cheeks, Kenny, love," Sylvie said.

Kenny stepped up, grinning, and pulled his Mom's ass cheeks apart, giving Sylvie the target that she needed. The hook was greased a bit and then worked into Carol's ass hole and the chain was snugged there and pulled the chain to tighten it.

The last part of the chain rig was a further chain and hook that was next buried in Carol's pussy.

There was a small chain that attached the two ankle cuffs together, so that Carol was only able to take small mincing steps, making her ass cheeks wiggle seductively with the effort.

Sylvie went to the box again and came out with a strap with hooks on the end of it. She put the strap around Carols head and the hooks attached to the sides of her mouth, pulling the mouth open and spreading it wide.

"Like?" Sylvie asked Kenny.

"Love," he said watching in rapt fascination.

"There's another part that I might use or not," Sylvie explained to him, and that pleased him, since she was treating him like an ally here and not condescending at all.

"Let me show you," she said, and attached this final chain with a double hook on the end to the chain at the back of Carol's head. Then she stretched the contraption over Carol's head, through her hair and caught the hooks in Carol's nostrils, before tightening it, pulling the nostrils tight and upward, painfully.

"Owwwaaaawwwwwwaaa!" Carol said with some drool forming a the corner of her mouth.

"See how nice it all works," Sylvie said.

"Wonderful," Kenny said.

"Okay, kneel, bitch!" Sylvie ordered and pushed on Carol's shoulders, to get her onto her knees.

She went with some difficulty saying a loud:

"Awwwwwww!" as she did due to the pain it caused.

Sylvie turned to Kenny and said:

"Okay, feed the bitch!"

Kenny gave a significant leer and nodded to his Aunt Sylvie. Then he approached his chained up Mom, whose mouth was gaping open in front of him. He unzipped his fly and took out his now stiff cock and proceeded to push it into Carol's mouth. There was little finesse here. It wasn't meant to be the kind of treat for Carol that it might be otherwise. It was a blatant chance for Kenny to fuck his Mom's mouth, and he loved it.

He pushed the cock into his Mom's wet mouth and all the way into the entrance of her throat. She worked and worked against a gag reflex and kept her eyes on him as he gazed at her in lust, fucking her mouth steadily and with a kind of rhythm.

He was so excited by what he'd seen that in no time, he grabbed his Mom by the back of the head and pulled her face forward. With great noise and a bit of almost retching, she had her mouth and throat filled with his prick, spurting cum down her throat. He kept moving his hips in a 'fucking' motion until he was finally finished cumming and then he pulled out.

He said immediately: "Tongue!"

She knew and let her tongue hand out so that he could wipe his cock off on her tongue.

"Get her trench coat," Sylvie said then and added: "You're okay for a few hours?"

"Yes," he said and then:

"Will she be alright?"

"Kenny, honey, I always take good car of our Carol Anne."

Carol added her own silent voice to this by nodding her head up and down vigorously.

"Go back to the computer," Sylvie said, "Call us if you need, and think about tonight."

"I will," he said and then insisted on kissing his Mom on the cheek, as she left.

They put Carol in the back seat of the car and Sylvie drove toward Johnnie's house. When she was about a block away, she called his number, while parked at the curb.

"Johnnie," she said, "I'm a block away, I want you to open your garage and have an empty space for me. I'm going to park in your garage. I have the refreshments with me."

"Yes," she continued, "I'll explain it to you, when I get there, and what the rules are. Yes, you'll see."

She hung up then and drove the rest of the little way to Johnnie Lakota's. The garage door was already open, when she got there and Johnnie was waiting in the doorway.

Sylvie got out of the car in the garage, once the door was closed, and said to Johnnie:

"Tell the others that we'll be in, in a moment. I need to talk to you about rules."

"Rules?" he asked.

"Yes," she said, "No rough stuff. You can spank her or slap her ass but you don't get to beat her or put marks on her? Am I being clear?"

"Clear!" he said, "No rough stuff, and we do appreciate you helping us out here, Sylvie."

"Tell me," he went on, "Who is she?"

"My sister Carol," Sylvie said, "She's mine, I own her and I don't want her hurt!"

He got a serious look on his face and said:

"Sylvie, I promise! You know me for a man of my word. I'll go in and talk to the others."

"Good," she said, and he went into the house.

After he left, Sylvie got Carol out of the back seat of the car, took the trench coat off and got her ready.

"Ready love?" Sylvie asked, kissing Carol's cheek.

Carol nodded 'yes' and it was then that Johnnie came in. Sylvie went around the car to where he was.

"Okay, it's cool," he said. "They both understand."

"Thanks, Johnnie," Sylvie said.

"No, thank you," he said to her, "This is a treat."

It was then that he saw Carol.

"Oh shit!" he said out loud.

"I guess, 'oh shit!'" Sylvie laughed.

"Johnnie Lakota, this is my sister Carol."

Carol nodded and Johnnie said:

"You're gorgeous!"

"A stunner, don't you think?" Sylvie asked.

"I sure do, and sexy, sexy, sexy; wait 'til the other two guys see what you've brought us."

He watched in fascination as Carol minced her way across the garage floor to where he was standing. He was looking at Carol like a man struck dumb. When Carol finally got to where he was, he put out a hand and ran it down her cheek and then dropped it down the her breast, petting the sloping side of Carols breast, careful to avoid the clamps, so as not to hurt her.

She moaned in response, and also noticed his consideration. She nodded a 'thank you' and he seemed to understand.

"Johnnie likes!" Sylvie said, smiling.

"Johnnie likes very much!" he said, still stroking Carol in various spots, causing Carol to blink a 'thank you' and try to smile.

Chapter 3
Posted: September 24, 2010 - 05:49:11 pm


Pages: Prev | 1 | 2 | Next

Carol got to the door to the kitchen from the garage, with Johnnie trailing and Sylvie behind him. As she arrived at the step up into the kitchen, Johnnie simply picked her up and placed her on the kitchen level. She sighed as he did it, and then he moved in behind her, his large hand now resting on her ass cheek.

Carol moved her ass just a bit to show him that she liked the touch.

"Are you two going to move or fuck right here?" Sylvie asked with a laugh.

"Sorry," Johnnie said and then moved around Carol, who went shuffling forward.

He spoke to the two other guys:

"Hey, Art, Julie, here's Sylvie with our entertainment."

"Hell," Art said, before seeing Carol, "Sylvie can be our entertainment ... oh, shit who's that?"

"Wow!" Julie.

"Art Weston, Julian Berger this is Sylvie's lovely sister Carol."

Carol inclined her head and moaned from the pull on her nipples.

Both other men just stared.

It was Sylvie who took over then.

"Here's how it's going to be, guys," she said, and they, suddenly, were all attention.

"We left Carol's son home alone, so we don't have a huge amount of time but we'll cut the cards and you each get a choice. One can use our lovely Carol Anne's mouth; one can use Carol Anne's pussy and one can use her ass."

"Oh boy," Julie said, and Art was grinning widely also.

Meanwhile, Carol was looking around with sheep eyes at the three men. She was in a highly aroused state both because of the way she was dressed, 'trussed up' might be more to the point, and because of her anticipation of what the men were going to have her do.

"Okay," Sylvie said then, "Let's unwrap the gift. Johnnie, give me a hand."

Johnnie moved in front of Carol, who was by then drooling from the side of her mouth. He took out a handkerchief and wiped the drool from her mouth and chin. She blinked her eyes in thanks and he said a soft:

"You're welcome!"

"Ready, love?" Sylvie asked, and Carol nodded 'yes'.

Sylvie then proceeded to loosen the slack on the chains that held both of the hooks in place. Sylvie looked at Art and said:

"Give me a tissue from over there."

He handed her the tissue and, with the chain slackened, she removed the hook first from Carol's pussy and then from her ass hole, wrapping them in tissues.

Carol sighed, as the hooks were removed.

She reached behind Carol and unhooked her wrist cuffs, taking them off and letting Carol's hands free.

Then Sylvie knelt to unhook Carol's ankles. She planted a kiss on Carol's thigh as she knelt and soon had the ankle cuffs unhooked from each other and then also unhooked them from the ankles altogether.

Carol moved each foot and shook it to get proper feeling back. As she did, she placed a hand against Johnnie's shoulder for balance. He simply stared at her.

Next Sylvie unhooked the waist chain completely and then the head gear, removing the hooks that were spreading her mouth. Carol reached up and massaged her jaw just a little. She noticed that Johnnie was staring at her, smiling now.

"Hi, Johnnie!" she said softly.

"Hi yourself," was Johnnie's reply.

"Come on," Art said, "Let's get to the cards and the fucking; leave the wooing for later, Lakota."

Johnnie laughed, "Always the anxious one, Art!"

Sylvie was going to remove the nipple clamps next. She spoke to Johnnie first:

"Hold her, Johnnie, this is going to hurt like a bitch."

She turned to Carol and said:

"Ready, honey?"

Carol shook her head and then said softly: "Yes, ma'am!"

"Ma'am," Julie said, "She's the real deal!"

"She is that," Sylvie said and without further ado, removed the clips from her sister's nipples.

Carol started, and then collapsed against Johnnie, who was right there. She uttered a muffled scream against his shoulder, and held on to him tightly. When she'd calmed down, she gave Johnnie a kiss on the cheek, and then turned to Sylvie.

"Ready," she said brightly.

"Entertainment, gentlemen?" Sylvie asked.

And they all smiled. Johnnie nodded and then went to get the deck of cards. He held them out to Art first, who drew a ten of spades, and then to Julie, whose card was a three of diamonds. He himself drew a king of clubs. He grinned.

"Okay, gentlemen," Sylvie said. "Here's what we'll do next. We'll give each couple some privacy letting them go into the next room for their fun. Johnnie you pick first, you had the highest card."

He thought for a few moments and then said:

"I want her pussy!"

Carol smiled at him, after he'd made the choice.

Art picked her ass hole and Julie got the last choice: the blow job.

Carol looked around and smiled, a bit self conscious now because of the reaction that she'd had from Johnnie Lakota but determined not to worry about it. Apparently Sylvie sensed it also because she then took over.

"Okay, boys," she said, "Time to claim your prize. Johnnie, you drew high card, you go first."

Johnnie smiled as Carol held out her hand for him. He took her hand and led her into the next room. But they were hardly inside the door, hearing Sylvie talk to the other guys at this point, when Johnnie pulled on her arm and spun her around with a short 'eeeep' on her part and had her in his arms.

"Gorgeous, wonderful, perfect," he said, allowing his emotions free reign, as he stroked her face and then pulled her in for a kiss. She clung to him and kissed him back, appreciating the softness of the start of the kiss and allowing her lips to open just slightly in order to invite his tongue into her mouth.

He complied and slipped his tongue into her mouth and it was met with her own. He had his arms around her with his hands in the middle of her back, but she said to him almost desperately:

"Use your hands, Johnnie; I'd like that!"

His hands slid to the cheeks of her ass and played with them, lifting them and separating them a bit, almost weighing them.

"Fat ass!" she sighed into his ear.

"Wonderful ass," he said, then: "Sorry it's not only me and you here!"

"I'm sorry too," she replied, "But Sylvie set it up this way."

"I know," he replied, "It's cool."

"You'll think I'm terrible!" she said in a worried voice, as the evening's plans began to weigh on her mind more and more.

"I'll think you're the wonderful woman you are," was his reply and she sighed a deep sigh and kissed him again.

She was pretty soon lost in the kiss and the anticipation of what was coming. But then, suddenly it seemed, all of the evening crashed in on her. She realized how special the feeling between her and this man she'd just met was. She wanted desperately to be with Johnnie and do 'everything' for him but she was constantly reminded of Art and Julie waiting, and it was no good: No good for her, no good for the two of them, no good at all!

As soon as she realized this, she began to tremble and that was quickly followed by tears. Carol began to cry.

"What's wrong, honey?" he asked genuinely concerned.

"It's me and it's this!" she said sobbing. "I only know you a short bit here and I feel a passion for you that is burning me up. It's new, it's unusual, it's wonderful and I'm about to screw up the beauty of it by being the slut that is passed around for the boys tonight!"

She clung to him and cried, coming up with, after a while:

"Oh, Johnnie, I apologize to you but I can't do this."

She was trembling uncontrollably at that point.

"We're gonna get you home," he said, kissing her forehead.

Johnnie went the the door and called out:

"Hey, Sylvie, come in here will you."

She came in wondering what was up and she saw Carol, who by then was in a state of near collapse.

"Baby," Sylvie said immediately, "What is it!"

Johnnie stood by, and Sylvie gave him a withering glance.

"Oh, Sylvie," Carol began. "I can't do this! I can't! I wish I could explain it but all that comes out is how strong a reaction I've had to this lovely man, and he deserves better than the local, willing pig here to service the boys. I can't do this! I can't!"

At that point she collapsed in tears into Sylvie's arms.

Johnnie said:

"I'll get her coat."

He went out and said to the other two guys:

"She's sick; is having some kind of reaction. I'm gonna send her home."

The cop in each of them took over at that point.

"Does she need a hospital?" Art asked.

"Can we do anything?" Julie wanted to know.

"No, her sister's gonna take her home; hopefully that'll do it."

Sylvie led Carol out of the room, now dressed in her coat.

"I'm so sorry," she said, and got understanding glances from both Art and Julie. But from Johnnie it was different.

"You take care!" he said, and then, softly only to her and Sylvie:

"Wonderful woman!"

Carol blushed and said a soft thank you too, and got into the car. As soon as the car pulled away, Carol was in tears again.

"What a fool!" she wailed. "He's gorgeous, and he knows me only as a slut."

"He's too nice a guy to think only that way," Sylvie said, reaching over to pat Carol.

"Ohh, Sylvie," Carol said, "Please don't think that I'm mad at you; not at all. It's me and my own choices. Me and my cursed fate. I just feel sick about it."

She went silent for while after that, but continued to sob quietly. They pulled into Sylvie's garage and Sylvie went around and made sure that she was there when Carol got out of the car. Carol, now truly miserable, collapsed against Sylvie, when she got out. She just cried out right again at that point.

It was also just then that Kenny opened the door. He was grinning and said:

"How was the adventure," until he saw that his Mom was crying.

"What?" he said in a loud voice. "What did they do?"

Carol turned to him and went to him next and put her arms around him, still crying.

"Oh, honey," she said, "I just committed a major, major mistake."

"Come on in," Sylvie said to both of them. "Well talk about it and make some decisions."

Kenny was both confused and obviously upset. This had the effect of calming his mother down just bit.

"Did someone hurt you, Mom?" he said, close to tears himself.

She gave him a hug and said:

"Sweetheart, let me go and dress and I'll be back and we'll talk about this."

She did that, went to the bedroom and came back now wearing jeans and a tee shirt.

By the time that she was back, Sylvie had brewed some coffee. She motioned Carol into the family room and came soon with the coffee for the two of them and some coke for Kenny.

Carol had tears in her eyes again.

"I can hardly explain it," she said, sighing. "I had such a strong, immediately strong reaction to him. It wasn't that I just liked him, or thought him good looking or anything like that. I was smitten, just about swept away, and there he was meeting me as a slut who is available!"

"But you're not!" Kenny protested and his Mom grabbed him into a hug.

"Mom, you're the best of the best!" Kenny continued the protest. "I know that. He must! If he's nice and you like him so much, he just must. You're not that at all!"

"You know, honey, that Kenny's right about that. There are the games that we play but the games are for pleasure, they're ultimately not who we are at all!"

Carol sat looking glum and bothered.

"It was such a lost opportunity," she said, "I can feel it."

She was shaking her head.

"It might not be that bad," Sylvie said but she was treading lightly because she realized how upset Carol was.

"Oh, I'm afraid that it was," Carol responded. "You so seldom get opportunities like that and I just blew my life time allotment!"

She looked plaintively at Sylvie then and said:

"What shall I do, Syl?"

"What does it feel like, honey?" Sylvie came back to her.

"I think that I need to go home; I'll go to the familiar, back to work tomorrow and let it sink away from me. That's what I'm feeling right now; what do you think?" Carol said.

"You know me well enough, love," Sylvie said, "I think that you should follow your feelings about it. If it feels right to go home and work it out with yourself, then do that. You know always that I'm here for you in any way possible."

"Oh, I know that, love," Carols said, giving Sylvie a hug.

Then she turned to Kenny with a sorrowful look on her face and said:

"I'm sorry, sweetheart, I mean about tonight and what you wanted!"

There were tears in her eyes again, at letting him down so quickly after letting Johnnie down.

"Mom," Kenny said in answer, "Don't you talk that way. Aunt Sylvie is right; those are only the games. I liked the games; they were new and exciting but what matters to me is that I love you, and you're not the way that you said at all. Aunt Sylvie knows that and so do I!"

"Oh, I don't deserve you two!" Carol said with great emotion, hugging the two of them.

"He's right," Sylvie said, "He's a wise, wise child, Carol; you should listen to him!"

"And beside," She continued then, "He still has me to play with. His vacation isn't over yet by any means."

She grinned at Kenny, when she said it, and he grinned back. It also made Carol feel better.

"I'm sorry," she said ultimately, "I need to go and give myself some thinking time. I'm afraid that this has just unbalanced my view of myself. It's so strange. I'm afraid that I really need to take the moroseness home and deal with it or just live with it."

"Of course you do," Sylvie said. "We'll be fine here. He still has another week or more to stay with me, and we'll be fine."

Carol got her things together at that point. She was still upset but pleased that Sylvie and Kenny understood her need to go back home and restore some semblance of order to her life, after the shock that she apparently had sustained with Johnnie that day.

Sylvie and Kenny helped her to get ready, and she had her car packed in a short while.

They were standing outside by her car, and Carol said:

"I don't know, Sylvie, I just don't know. I can't explain this or my reaction to it. I don't believe in love at first sight; I don't but I feel like I've destroyed the potential love of a lifetime here with my crazy wantonness."

"I think you're wrong, Mom," Kenny said. "If he's that good a guy he'll see through the games to the real you, and who wouldn't want the real you?"

"Right again, honey, "Sylvie said, "This boy's a keeper!"

Carol started to tear up immediately. She gave both of them a huge hug and then left. In the car, as soon as she'd driven away, she allowed herself to let go and cry. She felt that she'd lost a chance that she'd been hoping for all of her life. It felt that bad. She couldn't explain it, didn't try to explain it. It was just there and felt that way.

Carol went home with her feeling of frustration, angry with herself alone for enjoying so much being the sexual sub stuff and acting that out. It had always been so exciting but she never, ever thought she'd meet someone who effected her the way that Johnnie Lakota did, let alone meet him when she was giving in to her slut side.

Sylvie and Kenny were left behind. Kenny was looking particularly lost, when his Mom left. He looked up at his Aunt, not sure what was possibly next.

"This is going to be fine," she said to him. "She doesn't believe that right now but I saw the way that Johnnie looked at her, and if she was bowled over, so was he. He won't let it go, you'll see."

"What do we do now?" Kenny asked. "I mean, Aunt Sylvie, I don't know what we do now."

"We have your vacation, sport!" she said with a grin. "You might have just lost one of your naked ladies to play with but you still have the other right here."

His immediate response was to hug his aunt tightly, as though not wishing to let go. Then, finally, he spoke up:

"Aunt Sylvie," he said enthusiastically, "You're the best! Just the best."

"So now it'll be dinner, burgers and fries for us, and then a quiet evening. Maybe a movie. Or maybe we should both look for porn on the net!"

He blushed!

"YaYaYa!" she brayed at him, "Busted!"

He grinned back at her. It was just then that they heard a car approach and stop at the house.

"Maybe Mom..." he began to say but a strange man got out of the car, one that Kenny didn't recognize at all.

Sylvie looked outside and said:

"It's Johnnie! I knew it. I'm sorry now that I let her go."

But Kenny interjected:

"But with the way that she was feeling, she had to."

"Yes, you're right, my wise, wise friend," Sylvie said. "Well let's see what we can say to the copper."

"Is he really a cop?" Kenny asked with some interest.

Sylvie went to the door to answer Johnnie's knock.

"Hi, Sylvie!" he said smiling at her.

"Uh, I was wondering if Carol was around?" he asked softly.

"No, Johnnie, she's gone," Sylvie answered.

He looked stricken. It was then that he noticed Kenny. He nodded and held out his hand and said:

"Hi, I'm Johnnie Lakota!"

"My Mom's cop friend!" Kenny said.

"Ah," Johnnie said then, "So, you're Carol's son?"

"Yes, I am, and don't you dare think bad things of my Mom," Kenny said with great emotion.

"Fair enough," Johnnie said, "I promise you, man to man with honor that I won't do that, I don't do that."

"She's just the best in the world," Kenny said.

"I already suspect that," Johnnie said.

Then Kenny, being satisfied, asked, out of the blue:

"Do you have a gun?"

Johnnie laughed and said:

"Yes, a 9mm; want to see it?"

"Could I?" Kenny said excited.

"Yep, but safety first, always safety first," Johnnie explained, as he took his pistol out, and stripped it of its cartridge and the bullet in the chamber. Then he handed it to Kenny empty.

"Wow!" Kenny said, "A real policeman's gun!"

He looked at it for a bit and gave it back to Johnnie saying:

"Thanks, Johnnie!"

"No prob, man," Johnnie said, "You know that you're a real credit to your Mom, being as polite and friendly as you are."

"That's because she's the best!" Kenny said.

"Yep, you said that and I believe it," was Johnnie's response.

Then Kenny looked at Aunt Sylvie and said:

"I suppose you two need to talk, so please excuse me."

"See you in a bit, love," Sylvie said, kissing Kenny's cheek.

Johnnie stuck out a big paw and said:

"Good to meet you, Kenny; hope to see you again."

"Then be nice to my Mom!" Kenny said, his last word, as he left the room.

"Wow!" Johnnie said, "Loyal, bright, polite! I'm impressed."

"He's an impressive kid," Sylvie said. Then:

"Come and sit with me, Johnnie, we have to talk."

"Drink?" she asked.

"No, thanks, on duty, takin' a break," he said. Then he went on, a question mark wreathing his features:

"Why'd she leave?"

"She came back here tremendously upset."

He looked at Sylvie for a few minutes and said:

"I'm still in the dark about why she ... ran!"

"Johnnie, she was ashamed of herself," Sylvie said.

"Ashamed, why?" he said genuinely surprised.

"That she met you, for whom she had such an instant and strong reaction, when she was playing at her slut thing," Sylvie explained.

"Oh, damn!" he said. "I knew that I should have talked to her to kind of reassure her but with the guys there..."

"I know, Johnnie. Let me tell it," Sylvie said.

"She was totally surprised by her reaction to you, the strength of it.

"Well, the more she thought of it, the more overwhelmed by it she was, until she was just a bundle of tears and nerves," Sylvie went on.

"Shit!" he said, "I'm sorry I didn't come earlier."

"I don't know, Johnnie, she maybe had to have this reaction; she needs to look at it and she is going to need a good strong message from you about it," she said then.

"I understand that," he said, shaking his head.

"What was it that bothered her?" he asked.

"That you saw her for the first time being kind of slutty!" Sylvie answered.

"I thought she was wonderful! I'm not looking for any shrinking violet. Her passion almost burned me up!" he said ruefully.

"Well I can tell you that the passion was only for you!" Sylvie said softly.

"I thought so," he went on.

Sylvie smiled then and said:

"So, you liked her the way that she was?"

"Hotter than a pistol!" was his comment, "I sure did!"

"You'd better let her know that, Johnnie or she'll talk herself out of you altogether, and you don't want that."

"No, Sylvie, I don't," he said simply.

"Johnnie, there's a bit to tell and a bit for you to hear but not from me," she explained.

"Sylvie," he went on, "I'm only on this side of the law because being on the other side and in jail was the other alternative. I'm no one to make judgements at all. She's lovely beyond lovely, and a smoking, passionate woman, and I like that."

"Well, tell her that," she said then.

He thought for just a moment and asked:

"Can I talk to Kenny again?"

"Sure," she said.

She went and got Kenny, who came back but this time with a shy smile on his face.

"Sir?" he asked.

"I want to ask your permission to go and talk to your Mom," Johnnie said.

"Permission?" Kenny asked, surprised.

"Yes," Johnnie said, "You're the man in her life; so, I need to talk to you."

"I'd like that," Kenny said, "And I think that my Mom needs that."

"Good, thank you," Johnnie said and Kenny went back to the computer, after saying 'good night' to Johnnie and shaking his hand.

"Thanks, Sylvie," Johnnie said, and gave her a hug. "I appreciate it, and I promise to make this thing right. I'm not going to lose her; I'm just not."

"I don't think that you will, Johnnie," Sylvie said, seeing him to the door.

Then she put the lights out and went to the room with the computer. Kenny was on the computer looking at the picture of a naked woman, when she entered the room.

He looked up and made a surprised sound, when he saw his Aunt standing in the doorway wearing only a pair of red panties.

"Oh dear! You look gorgeous, Aunt Sylvie!" he said in a burst of enthusiasm.

"Thanks, sport," she replied. "The problem of your Mom and Johnnie is beyond us now but there's still the two of us left, and you still have this vacation and the promises that I made, and intend to keep.

He grinned at her.

"So, why don't you come over here and tell me what you want tonight, big man?" she said invitingly.

He left the picture of the naked lady on the computer showing and went to where she was, to put his arms around her. He sighed as he did it, and ran his hands up and down and across her ass cheeks.

"Lovely!" he said.

"Tell me what you want, Kenny!" she said.

"What happened to my Mom at the party?" he asked.

"They cut the cards and one of them, Johnnie was going to make love to her normally, another was to use her ass and the third to use her mouth," Sylvie said.

"She was okay with that?" he asked.

"Going in there she was as hot as a pistol," Sylvie said. "She just never expected to fall so hard for Johnnie Lakota!"

"I liked him," Kenny said.

"And he liked you too," she said, "And that's good because he and your Mom might get very close."

"I hope so," he said, "She needs a good man."

"You are a good man, Kenny; tell your Aunt what you want," she said then softly.

"I want two things tonight, one for you one for me," he started.

"Yes?" she said.

"First, for you I want to practice eating your pussy," he explained.

"Every inch a gentleman!" she said proudly.

"Then I want to put it in your ass; I want to do that," he said.

"Ouch!" she said and then laughed and said:

"You've got it, pal! Both!"

She led him to the bedroom then, and while she was walking down the hall in front of him, she began to slip her red panties down and off, bending over to retrieve them in front of him, showing off her ass.

"See anything that you want to fuck, big Man?" she asked, grinning lewdly.

"Yes, your ass!" he replied, hurrying up to plant a kiss on her ass cheek.

"Then you get it!" she said, heading for the bed.

"First, I want to do you, Aunt Sylvie!" he said to her.

"You're my man! My man!" she crooned as she wrapped him up to give him a kiss.

The evening and that night, both long and successful for Kenny and his Aunt Sylvie, with her allowing him to fuck her ass, a first for him, and with him getting more practice eating her, much to her delight, was just as dreadful an evening and night for Carol.

She had a longish ride with only her misery and her suffering to accompany her. After a while she seemed to get numb to it.

"You've lost this one, girl!" she said to herself. "That's okay," is what came next, "That was probably only the best chance for love and passion in your life, so don't sweat it."

She cried a bit more after that, and by the time she was home, she was cried out. She put her things away, and sent a message to Sylvie to tell her that she was home fine.

"I'll sort it out," she said, although she didn't really believe that very much at all. But she was tired enough that she just wanted to put it behind her. She sat up and doodled on the internet for a bit, without purpose and without aim and drank some wine. It calmed her down and eventually she was ready for sleep.

She knew that she had a fairly difficult day at the office the next day because of the time off that she'd taken but she also hoped that such a day would take her mind off of what had happened.

She did curse herself constantly for enjoying the submissive slut thing so much, and she simply tried to not think of it, after each bout with the idea. Eventually, she wore herself out with it, and simply went to bed. She fell into bed as though drugged and slept fairly well.

The scene at Sylvie's was radically different than the scene of woe and pathos that Carol was in the midst of. Kenny had just finished his 'practice' at eating his Aunt's pussy, and Sylvie, who came twice in the process, was lying back on the bed and just grinning.

She didn't know it but she was about to make a mistake that would change her relationship with Kenny.

"Hey, love," she said,"Fantastic, fantastic, fantastic!"

He was lying next to her and grinning.

"Thanks for the practice, Aunt Sylvie," he said.

"Thanks for eating me!" she said, "And I remember my promise too; it's your turn next. Whatever you want champ! That's what's gonna happen!"

"Really?" he asked. "You really mean it?"

"I certainly do," she said.

"Okay turn over!" he said to her; then he left saying that he'd be right back.

Sylvie laid there and luxuriated in the feeling of having been eaten, and eaten very well. He came back into the room and quickly enough that she was surprised, had her hands taped behind her back.

"Oh, you dirty bugger!" she said in an almost sleepy voice.

She had no idea what he was planning next.

He crawled up to where she was and had her panties in his hand.

"Open," he said, and she did, allowing him to stuff the panties into her mouth, and before she knew what was happening, he had tape over her panty filled mouth.

It was only then that she looked up at him with some concern.

He was grinning at her, a dirty kind of grin.

"Aunt Sylvie, you said 'anything'; so let me tell you. There's still gonna be a 'night of pain' here tonight. It's just that it won't be Mom who's on the receiving end.

She began to wiggle around and try to communicate with him but he was adamant. He began to slap her ass furiously. He hit her naked ass 15 times, saying 'calm down', 'stop it' before she did indeed calm down, realizing that she was in for it and couldn't do much about it.

He finished his immobilizing her then by putting the cuffs on her ankles and connecting them with a chain about 8 inches long.

He looked down on her and enjoyed seeing her staring at him with large owl eyes.

"You look hot and yummy," Aunt Sylvie. "I'm going to fuck your ass but I'm going to beat it also. You know, the 'night of pain' thing.

She shook her head 'no' furiously but he pulled from a group of implements that he'd gathered, a ping pong paddle and said:

"You're going to be difficult, so we might as well start with the pain. This first thing is a kind of change of attitude thing, Aunt Sylvie, and we're gonna do this until you kind of get the idea."

The first of the smashes from the ping pong paddle had her jumping on the bed, and he kept on. He didn't stop until he was sure that she was no longer protesting. She was, already, also crying.

"Like it thus far, Aunt Sylvie?" he wanted to know.

She shook her head 'no'.

"Gonna keep protesting, Aunt Sylvie?" he asked, brandishing the paddle.

She shook her head 'no'.

"Good girl! Let's do a few more; you don't mind, do you?"

Sylvie shook her head 'no', realizing that any other action wouldn't help her at all. He gave her five more of the terribly hard blows from the paddle. She was wailing, as he took the tape off of her mouth and the panties out, and held her.

She had nothing to say, she looked at him, her face tear stained, and she kissed him.

"Stay here," he said.

"Yes, sir," she said meekly. She was simply determined to go along with this no matter where it led. She'd almost cum, she knew that, with the last of the paddle spanks and that had really impressed her.

He came back soon with a bowl of ice cubes and, pushing her back down on the bed, soothed her red, red ass with the ice cubes.

"Thank you," she said.

"What?" he said to her, and she said it again:

"Thank you, sir!"

"Attitude, attitude! Aunt Sylvie; you do know that we're not done here?"

"Yes, sir!" she said, tears sliding down her cheeks.

"Feels different when you're receiving?" he asked.

"Yes, sir, very different!" she replied.

"Afraid?" he asked.

"Terribly!" she said.

"Do we stop?" he asked.

"No, I don't think so, sir!" she said.

Kenny was tickled at how well his plan for his Aunt was working. He had hoped that the paddle would do the trick, bring her around and it had succeeded beyond his wildest dreams. He put the panties back into her mouth and the tape also, and hauled her off the bed.

As she stood there, he retrieved from the jumble of stuff the nipple clips and the chain that held them together.

"Ready?" he asked.

She shook her head 'no', and he laughed and attached one. She screamed into the gag, and he held onto her but quickly attached the second one. She screamed again but the screaming subsided soon enough.

"Let's go to the garage," he said, and pulled ever so slightly on the nipple clip chain.

She shuffled off after him immediately due to the pain. The stairs were a terror for her but he helped her, and got her into the garage.

There was a hook hanging from a beam, in the garage and he hooked her wrists to it, leaving her almost hanging there.

"More pain!" he said. "Then I fuck your ass!"

She stared at him and nodded her head 'yes'.

He went to the front of the garage and rummaged around looking for something and came back holding a plant stake. It was metal and was about three feet long.

Sylvie began to cry as soon as she saw it!

She was babbling and he took off the tape and took away the panties.

"What?" he asked.

"I know that you're going to do this," she said, "And I'm not asking you not to but I want to say that I will do what you want! I will be good! I will behave and be what you want me to be! I will! I will!"

He put the panties back into her mouth and the tape back also.

"Good," he said, "And this might help."

The green plant stake swished through the air and hit her directly on her already red ass. It raised a welt and she shrieked against the panties, and her eyes rolled in fright.

She saw him winding up for another blow, just below the last one and it got the same reaction. She shrieked and it left a huge welt.

Chapter 3
Posted: September 24, 2010 - 05:49:11 pm


Pages: Prev | 1 | 2 | Next

Continuation...

He was smiling and walking around her and around her. She watched him, when she had him in her sight. With no warning he slashed her right across the nipples, and she pissed herself.

He looked and smiled.

"You'll clean that up, correct?" he asked, swishing the plant stake.

She shook her head 'yes' and he took the tape off, the panties out and pulled her down from the hook. He helped her to the floor and she put her mouth in the puddle on the floor immediately, always with her eyes on him.

She finished and just watched him. He said:

"Stay there!"

She didn't move. He got a tube of lube that was there and came in behind her. She grunted a loud grunt, when he pushed his cock into her ass. She tried to match his rhythm in fucking her, and came herself just before he did.

She was huddled on the floor then and he said to her:

"A little more, I believe?"

"Yes, sir!" she said, completely cowed by him now.

Sylvie's transformation was an almost total one. She'd never been on the receiving end like this and didn't realize that she had as large a component of submission in her as Carol had. It was like sister, like sister. Kenny had brought that out in her.

"To whom do you belong?" he asked.

"To you, my Kenny, sir!" she said, "I'm your slut, your anything!"

"Then ask me to use the flame next!" he said.

She broke down and cried and in the middle of the crying asked him very politely, and softly to use the flame on her next.

"Of course," was his answer, as he put the panties in her mouth and the tape on again, hanging her from the joist. He removed the clips from her nipples first, causing another series of shrieks, and then he was ready.

The flame was a candle lighter that could be used also for starting barbecue grills. She watched him circle around her, as much as she could. He still took her by surprise, when he lighted it and ran it slowly over her ass cheeks.

Sylvie jumped and bobbed and shrieked into the gag. He smiled as he came around in front of her. But he quickly used it again on her nipples.

She was wild and wide eyed. She was babbling.

He didn't want to do too much and took off the tape and took out the panties, and she went through a total litany for him of the dirty things she'd do for him, being a whore for him, sucking anyone he said. She went on and on and on, ending it with a 'please let me.' He got her down next and had her kneel on the floor. He removed all the chains and the tape and let her just kneel there and look up at him. He fished his cock out and she opened her mouth automatically but squawked, when he began to piss in her mouth. He pissed in her face, her hair and finally back in her mouth, telling her to close her lips around it. She did it immediately.

When he was finished, he told her that he had one more treat for her. She began to show signs of crying again but he took her immediately outside. He made her kneel behind the house. Now he put the chains back on her and immobilized her in a kneeling position.

She watched fearful as he got the hose and used the cold water hose on her. Her screaming was almost as volatile this time too.

Then the chains were off, and he had her up and was holding her.

"Shower time for my girl, Auntie!" he said, holding her as she trembled from the cold and the fear that was draining away. He held her for a long time until she was calmed and ready.

"Thank you, Kenny, sir!" she said, "That was nice!" She went with him, hand in hand into the garage and then to the bedroom for a shower.

In the shower, he held onto her and it all came rushing back to her; she trembled and cried.

She apologized:

"I'm sorry, sir, but this has been ... I don't know, so moving, moving. I've never been on this end of that before. It was terrifying and the most sexually exciting thing ever done to me."

"He kissed her and she yielded everything in the kiss."

He proved that night that he had outstanding stamina. He fucked Sylvie in the ass another time and twice in the pussy, ending it with her giving him a blow job.

The vacation was underway and being a huge success.

Work the next day was being Carol's antidote, as she'd hoped it would. She went at the backlog of work with a will and made sure that the office, which she managed, was getting the things done that needed to be gotten done.

The workers, sensing that something was a little amiss with her, kept busy and tried not to bother her very much.

Her secretary, Meg, asked her at one point:

"Boss, is everything okay?"

"Well," Carol answered, "Not really but I'm working it out, and it will be. Thanks for your concern. I'm going to be fine."

Meg let it go at that and didn't press it.

After lunch, which Carol had at her desk, while she continued to work, she was interrupted by Meg, who knocked on her door and, poking her head around, said:

"Boss, there's a policeman here to see you."

"Policeman?" Carol said, not connecting the dots right away.

"Yes," Meg continued, "A detective Lakota."

"Ohhhhh," Carol said, getting just a little pale.

"You okay?" Meg asked.

"Yes, thanks, send him in," Carols said then.

Johnnie Lakota stepped into the room and it was as though Carol was hit in the stomach my a strong fierce blow. It almost bowled her over. She seemed to have no control at all over her response to this man.

"Johnnie!" she said softly.

"Beautiful woman!" he said.

"Why? Why did you come?" she asked also very softly.

"Because I couldn't let you get away, go away, be away thinking the kind of thoughts that Sylvie told me that you were thinking."

"What thoughts?" Carol said, stringing the conversation out.

"About being slutty, or a pig or any of those other names that you were calling yourself, those untrue things, false things!"

"Oh, Johnnie," she said, not sure where she was going next.

"I don't mind that I didn't make love to you then," he said suddenly, surprising her.

"You didn't?" she asked in a tiny voice, confused.

"No," he went on, "Because then you didn't do anything with Art or Julie either, and I didn't want that."

"You didn't?" she asked.

"No, I want the passion for me! The sluttiness for me! I want it all; that's what I want! I've never been so turned on by a woman, and I refuse to let you go, and I promised Kenny that I'd talk to you and not think bad of you, and I am and I don't!"

"Kenny?" she said surprised.

"Yes," Johnnie said, "I asked his permission to come and talk to you."

"You did?" she said then, the surprise growing.

"Yes, he gave it and said that I needed to talk to you and be good to you, that you deserve it, and I believe him, every word."

Carol started to cry but at the same time moved across the room to him. He enfolded her into his arms and held her tight.

"My woman!" he said, "My woman!"

"Is that who I am?" she asked.

"Exactly right!" he said. "My woman!"

"Oh, I like that," she spoke up to him. "You don't mind the way I am?"

"The way you are? It's one of the things that attracted me. You're not only gorgeous; you're an adventure in love and passion."

She giggled, and said: "For you!"

"For me!" he answered.

His hands were around her back, holding her, pressing her to him, and she said:

"Please use your hands, Johnnie, I'd like that; I apologize for speaking so boldly."

"No apology necessary," he said, then he chuckled: "I can spank you later!"

She looked at him; she was blushing now, and said:

"I'm not afraid."

"You needn't be," he said.

"I know!" she reiterated and then went back to it:

"But the slutty stuff?"

"Turns me right on!" he said, pressing his hips against her to let her feel his erection.

She looked at him with a kind of devotion on her face, and said:

"If I may, please, Johnnie? Will you let me?"

"You ask so nicely!" he said.

"I mean it!" she replied.

"Oh, yes," he said, "Do it; do it now or I'll cum right in my pants!"

She knelt, as she felt pressure against her shoulder. She opened his zipper and had his erection in her hand in a moment. She licked it and was smiling up at him all the while.

"I'm sorry you're still dressed," he said, "Naked you are a world stopper!"

She blushed and said: "Next time!"

"I'll hold you to that!" was his reply.

Her only response was 'mmmmmppppfff', since she had her mouth stuffed with his erect cock.

He had his eyes closed and said:

"You do this so well."

"I love to do this!" she said. "It's like my Achilles' heel."

"I'll remember that!" he said but ended the sentence with a moan due to her increasing the movement of her blow job.

"Ohhhhhhhh!" he moaned and held her head, as he came in her mouth.

She was smiling up at him, as she licked his cock off and put it away.

"That was my dedication to you, Johnnie Lakota."

"It was wonderful," he said. "How about dinner tonight?"

"Can you stay?" she asked.

"Yes," he said pleased to be asked.

"Then I'm going to give you an 'anything' kind of night!" she pledged.

"Lucky me!" he said.

"No, lucky me!" she said, "You came for me!"

He laughed and said: "I would have had to face Kenny, if I didn't!"

"He's a toughie," Carol explained. She thought and then she said:

"Johnnie, I need to tell you about me."

"Honey, I'm the least judgmental man you'll ever meet," he said.

"I love you, Johnnie Lakota," she said and surprised herself for having said it. She quickly added:

"I'm sorry, Johnnie, I'm not trying to rush anything at all; it slipped out!"

"I love you too, Carol! It's crazy, it's too fast, it's like a jumble of passion but it's just true! It's there."

She clung to him, after he'd said it.

"Home," she said, "I need to be naked for you, with you and as soon as possible. If we stay here, I'll disgrace myself at work."

He laughed and said: "Then let's go."

She told Meg that she was leaving for the day, and Meg just smiled at how radiant Carol looked.

"Your car?" Johnnie asked.

She said that she'd taken public transportation to work and he drove her home.

They were no sooner in the door of her house that she was shedding her clothes in every direction. He watched in fascination the process of her getting totally naked for him.

"I want you, Johnnie," she said, "I want you now."

"I know, I can feel it too," he said, "No time for the way it should be between us right now; no time..."

"Yes, yes, I know," she said. Then she added:

"Johnnie, I'm not such a slut!"

He kissed her again and said into her mouth:

"You are, can be for me."

"I'm maybe being silly, and all" she said softly, "It's just that I haven't met anyone like you in such a long, long time."

"Like me?" he asked with a smile.

"Yes, lovely ... warm ... yummy!" she said.

"You'll talk me out of my pants next," he quipped, and she broke in with:

"Johnnie, I can't wait. I want you now."

He was out of his clothes quickly, and she was clinging to him again. Without even laying her down, he lifted her left leg up high and entered her pussy with her still standing.

"Ohhhhhhhhhhh!" she sighed, as he began to move with her.

He moved and braced her against a wall and she wrapped her legs around him, as lost in the sensation of the fucking as she ever remembered being.

"You fuck me so nice, Johnnie Lakota!" she whispered to him, as he worked with her passionately.

"Fuckin' beautiful woman!" he said, half out of his head with the lust. She reached up and clamped her lips to his.

The kiss was burning, demanding, giving, passionate, soft, all at the same time.

"Next time it's the world, and not a quick bang!" he rasped into her ear.

"Ohhhhhh, Johnnie," she said desperately, "If this is a quick bang then my world will almost end if that 'next time' comes."

He quickened his pace with her and she ran her nails over his back, as she began to cum. She kept her mouth at his shoulder and just wailed her passion, followed by him cumming and holding her so that she didn't slip and fall.

"Never ... never that way!" she said, "Or anything like it! Just never!"

He set her on her feet and used his hankie to clean her up.

Then he said a very soft: "Thank you too, lovely lady!"

She put her arms around his neck and made what she realized was her 'declaration'.

"Johnnie, I need to say something," she began.

He watched her and nodded.

"I am not going to cling! I'm not going to demand that you settle down with me! I don't know what kind of time we have but while we have that time, I want you to know that I will be anything that you want, do anything that you want me to do. When you need to move on, I will not fall apart and beg you. But, Johnnie, while we're together, I don't want to be only one of the 'girls'. I'm sorry but that's the way I am. And also, while we're together, I want to be, need to be, ask to be, beg to be your sex slave! What you want is what we do!"

"Wow!" he said. "Now what makes you believe that I'll ever let you go, after making a declaration like that, beautiful lady?"

She smiled, teared up and laid her head against his chest.

"Johnnie, I mean it, 'anything'."

"Good," he said with determination, "I want to talk that 'anything' for a walk. Call and order a pizza; we're gonna be too busy to go out tonight."

She made the call for the pizza, and looked at him.

He said to her:

"On the floor on your knees, right here."

He motioned to a spot in front of the door about 12 feet from it. He went to his gear and brought back two pairs of handcuffs. With one he cuffed her left wrist to her left ankle, and with the other, he cuffed her right wrist to her right ankle.

"Ohhhhhhh!" she said. "What now?"

"Now we wait for the pizza delivery guy with an 'anything' attitude."

She looked at him and said:

"Johnnie this is so exciting; you're making me so wet!"

"Good for the pizza guy!" he said with a laugh.

Then he said to her: "I like the way you look that way, maybe I'll keep you that way!"

"Maybe I'll want you to," she replied, then there was a knock on the door. The pizza had arrived.

His name was Roger. He was older, fat and not good looking. He stepped into the room, after Johnnie took the pizza and paid for it and said an immediate:

"Ohhhhhhh!"

He blushed furiously and turned for the door.

Johnnie had seen his badge and said:

"Wait, Roger."

Roger turned around and tried not to stare at the beautiful naked woman with the hand cuffs keeping her in place.

"I don't know where to look!" Roger said embarrassed.

"Look at her, Roger it's okay," Johnnie began. "Let me explain."

Roger glanced at Johnnie, who said, with a laugh:

"It's okay, Roger, stare at her, she's gorgeous; don't you think?"

"Yes, sir, I do," Roger said, "I'm just a bit nervous here is all."

"Okay, let me help you out," Johnnie said, "This gorgeous woman, Carol, --say 'hi' to Carol, Roger!"

"Hi, Carol," the fat, shy man said.

"Hi, Roger," Carol said, "I'm glad you're here!"

"What?" Roger said surprised.

"It was as I was saying," Johnnie said, "This beautiful woman told me just a few minutes ago that she'd do anything I asked her to. So, I want you to help me out to test this 'anything' that Carol is talking about. Here's what I want, Roger. You go over and stand in front of Carol."

Roger was too nervous now not to do as he was told. He went and stood in front of Carol.

"She's all chained up, Roger, so you have to help here. I want you to take your penis, your prick out and put it in Carol's mouth. That will show me that she means it, when she says that she'll do 'anything' I tell her to."

"Really?" Roger asked.

"Really," Johnnie said,

"Really, sweetie," Carol said to Roger and made him blush.

"You're not going to hurt me?" Roger asked.

"Hey, man, on my honor; I just want to see her do it!"

Roger looked down at Carol, who was smiling at him. He nodded and then unzipped his pants. His cock was not big but it was hard. He took it out and seemed not to know what to do next. Carol leaned forward and got the head of Roger's cock in her mouth.

"Ohhhhhhhhhh!" Roger moaned.

"Roger," Johnnie said then, and got the fat man's attention.

"Do you want to cum in her mouth or on her face?" Johnnie wanted to know.

"In her mouth, please!" Roger said.

"Good, do it that way, bitch!" Johnnie said, as Carol gave him a gleaming eyed glance, while still sucking on Roger's cock.

It was small enough to allow her to get it all down her throat; it left her kissing Roger's fat belly. He was sighing huge sighs now and obviously began to cum in Carol's mouth. She took it all in and kept Roger's cock in her mouth, until she'd cleaned it.

"Thank you, sweetie," she said to Roger, and turning to Johnnie she said:

"Thank you, Johnnie!"

Johnnie went to Roger and put his arm around his shoulder.

"You okay, pal?" Johnnie wanted to know.

"Yes, um, I am," Roger said, "And thank you!"

"Now, Roger," Johnnie said next, "I am a cop and I carry a gun, so I want to impress on you not to tell anyone about this!"

Roger shook his head and said: "No one would believe me anyhow!"

He was still embarrassed enough to hurry to the door.

"Roger," Johnnie called out to him one more time.

He turned around to face Johnnie and Johnnie said:

"Give me your cell number in case I need to call you back to make her demonstrate this 'anything' again. Okay?"

"Gee, yeah!" Roger said, and gave Johnnie the number. Then he added:

"And I won't tell a soul!"

"Good man, and thanks!" Johnnie said as Roger scurried away.

Carol was still staring at Johnnie with those gleaming eyes, when he turned to her. She said:

"May I speak?"

"Do!" he said.

"That was not only hot and sexy but it turned out to be very nice, a very nice thing! I liked it; I loved you wanting me to do it; asking me, telling me to do it!"

He went to her and released her from the cuffs. She put her arms around his neck then and said fervently:

"Oh, Johnnie, I can explain this attraction but I like it; and I meant every word that I said, especially the part about being your sex slave."

"And not being one of my man girls!" he said.

"Yes," she said simply, "I meant that too."

"Good for you!" he said, "I wouldn't have it any other way."

"Oh dear!" she moaned.

"What is it?" he asked.

"I'm losing myself in you, just losing myself in you!" she said, almost wistfully.

"How wonderful!" was his remark.

Then she spoke up again:

"I even wish that there was something else that you'd make me do; set up or demand that I do!"

He grinned at her, and she said:

"What?"

"You just made Roger's night!" he said.

"Oh!" she said grinning at him, "And what happens now?"

"I'm going to get him back here to fuck you, maybe in the ass!"

"OHHHHHHHHHHHH!" she said, breathing hard again. "You're making me wet!"

She looked at him earnestly and said:

"Please know that it's because you're asking me, no, telling me to do this that it's so much a turn on for me!"

"I know that, honey!" he said, kissing her, and pulling all of her--life, aspirations, being, thoughts, passion, all of it out of her and into the kiss.

"Oh, kiss me like that and you can make me do anything!" she cooed at him.

"Good to know, babe!" he quipped and slapped her ass.

"Eeeeeek!" she said, jumping a bit from the ass slap.

"I have to make a phone call," Johnnie said next.

He called and was talking to Roger right away:

"Roger, this is Johnnie Lakota at Carol Ford's. Yes, it's me. Yes, I'd like you to come back here if you can. I think something else needs to be proven. Yes, we'll wait."

Roger came back, still really nervous. He stood staring at Carol, who still was naked, as Johnnie began to talk:

"Roger here it is: I want her to do one more thing to prove to me that she will really do 'anything'. Still willing to help us?"

"I'd be a fool, if I said 'no'," he said.

"That's the spirit," Johnnie said. "Here's what I want; I'm going to make Carol lean over the arm of the couch, and here is some k-y lube. I want you to fuck her in the ass."

"Whaaaaaat?" Roger spit out. "For real?"

"For real," Johnnie said, and Carol, looking at Roger, nodded.

Johnnie turned to Carol and said:

"Okay, over the couch."

She did as she was told, displaying her lovely ass. Roger went behind her, with Johnnie coaching him and got out his stiff cock again. Carol, when Johnnie told her, reached back and spread her ass cheeks, and Roger, much to his delight, and absolute joy, fucked Carol in the ass!

When she was done, and Roger had slipped his cock out, Johnnie said:

"Clean him!"

"Yes, sir!" Carol answered, and went to Roger, knelt in front of him and cleaned his cock with her mouth. It made him hard, and she looked at Johnnie with a question.

"Yes, finish him!"

She did, and Roger got another blow job.

When it was all finished, Carol looked at Johnnie and said:

"May I?"

"Yes, of course," Johnnie said, and she put her arms around Roger and hugged him.

He was stiff but Carol took his hands and put them on her ass cheeks, saying:

"It's okay, Roger; thanks for being a good sport."

"No, thank you, ma'am," he said, "And you, sir!" and he was gone.

As soon as he was gone, Johnnie went to Carol and had her in his arms.

"Maybe I shouldn't have made such a game of it," he said.

"It was wonderful!" she said. "I meant what I said."

"I know that, never doubted it for a minute!"

"Pizza!" he said, "Dinner!"

"Whoohoo!" she chimed in.

"I should take you someplace special, and I will soon," was his next comment.

"This is someplace special," she said, "I have you here." Then she got an inquisitive look on her face:

"What shall I wear for dinner? What is your wish?"

He just looked at her for a few moments and said, a sense of wonder in his voice:

"You're not just playing at this, are you? You're genuine!"

"No, Johnnie, I'm not just playing. It's the way I am, want to be, especially with you!"

"Wow!" he said, "How lucky am I?"

"Maybe as lucky as I!" she answered, "Clothes?"

"I guess not," was his quick comment. "I want as naked as possible as often as possible. I need to get used to having a beautiful woman with tits and ass to drool over around me!"

Carol giggled: "Naked it is, sir!"

"Not sure the 'sir' is necessary!" he said.

"Sorry, didn't mean to make you uncomfortable!" she apologized.

"No, it's not that; I don't require it, is all! You decide!" he explained.

She took his hand and kissed the back of it, turned it over and kissed the palm, and said:

"Thank you, sir! Naked for pizza it is!"

"Whoohoo!" he now echoed, as they sat down to eat the pizza.

"Shower, my love?" she asked.

"Shower," he said, once they'd eaten.

"And you can stay the night?" she wanted to know.

"Yes, I don't have to work until tomorrow night," was his answer.

"I'm sorry that you have to go at all," she said, "I'm being selfish."

"We'll work out something; we must!" he said then.

"Yes, I know," was her reply, as they went off to the shower.

In the shower, she said to him:

"Please let me do the work here; let me wash you! I'll be a thrill!"

"Woman, you keep getting better and better!" was his comment, as he stuck his arms up in the air so that she could wash his armpits.

She washed his armpits and then planted a kiss in each one.

"If you kiss every part that you wash," he said, "It's going to get interesting."

"I intend to, my Master!"

"Master! Wow!" Johnnie said, "The woman's a love, just a love!"

She was now washing his thighs and, gently his cock. She kissed his thighs, after washing them, and then took his flaccid cock in her mouth instead of the kiss. His cock started to stiffen immediately.

"Turn please!" she said politely.

"Uh Oh!" he said, "Getting dirty now."

"Full service!" was her reply, and here Carol had a plan.

She washed his ass cheeks and then between his ass cheeks thoroughly. Then she knelt behind him and said:

"Johnnie Lakota, I have you now, right now and this is what I want to do; this is my message."

She began then with a kiss to each ass cheek, and a tiny bite, that got a rise out of him. But then she kissed her way all the way up his ass crack and grabbed his cheeks with her hands and forced them apart, planting the kisses now between his ass cheeks. She worked her way down and in until she finally had her lips and her tongue kissing his ass hole.

"Ohhhhhhhh, dear!" he said with a long sigh. "No one was every like this!"

"I'll always be like this for you, Johnnie Lakota!" she promised. "Always! This is like my pledge."

Then she turned him around and got a mouthful of water to rinse and captured his cock in her hands.

"No, no! Not this time!" He said, turning off the shower and grabbing towels.

He toweled her off and then swooped her up in his arms to the bed.

"You're wet!" she hollered.

"I'm on top and you're dry!" he responded.

"I love it!" she went on.

Then he moved and he had his mouth on her pussy immediately and she was crooning to him, and singing as he ate her.

"Tell me when," he said.

"Any time now," she said in a strained voice, as she neared an orgasm.

He went to her then and fitted himself into her and began to love her.

"Ohhhhhh, yes!" was her drawn out response to his lovemaking, and then she was silenced by his kiss.

They both came and finished. He rolled off of her and she moved right away, and had his cock in her mouth for cleaning.

"Mmmmm, nice!" Johnnie said.

"I take care of my man," she responded, snuggling into his armpit.

"Just keep doing it!" was his next statement.

"I will, I will, I promise," she said as she drifted off.

It was one of the world's great pleasures for her to wake with him looking down on her and grinning at her.

"Good morning, sleepy head," he said.

She noticed that he already had a cup of coffee.

"Oh dear!" she wailed. "I should have been up and got that for you..."

"Hush!" he said. "I know how to take care of myself. I would have brought yours but didn't know how you took it."

"I take this straight!" she said, and moved to take his morning stiff cock in her mouth.

"Hmmm, nice!" was his comment.

"All the time, usual, what you can expect!" was her comment.

"I like that but then, I like you!" he said and then groaned, as the cock sucking began to get to him.

He held her by the back of her head, as she bobbed her head up and down in her effort to please him and make him cum. Finally, his hips lifted up a bit, he held onto her head and he came in her mouth.

"Wow!" was his comment.

"Breakfast!" she said to him, grinning up at him from the position between his legs.

"Honey," he said then, "I'll have to get going."

"I know," she said. "I have to dress for work. What shall I wear? What kind of underwear?"

"Have pink?" he asked.

"Have pink!" she said.

"Make it pink, matching, if you have them," was his order.

"Yes, sir," she said. "Shower now?"

"Shower! And I wash today!" he said.

"Goodie!" was her comment.

Johnnie dropped her off at work. She gave him one last kiss and was reluctant to see him go.

"This is no flash in the pan, Carol Ford," he said. "Depend on it. I'll be in touch. Soon."

"I'll wait for you to call; I'm not going to turn into the clinging female who calls every five minutes. I don't know your schedule and will need you to guide me about when you're available," she said leaving him.

"I promise!" he said and was gone.
EPILOGUE A number of things had changed. Things were new and they were exciting.

The relationship between Sylvie and Kenny was set. It went on for years, and she was always happy to be sub to his dom. Carol knew about it and wasn't bothered by it.

Shortly after their time together, Johnnie asked Carol if there was any way that they could arrange for her to live with him. He told her, and she agreed, that it had been a short time, whirlwind kind of thing and they should take some time to get to know each other but he wanted to be with her period.

That worked out well for them. Carol went to her boss to give her notice with the intention to move to the city to live with Johnnie but was told instead that a position was free with the same company in the city. She took it gladly.

Sylvie helped to plan Carol's return to Johnnie's life. She got help from, of all people, Julie and Art, who were able to smuggle Carol and Sylvie into Johnnie's house. So that, one night, Johnnie opened the garage door and found Carol, naked with her arms in the air, hanging from the rafters of the garage.

He exploded out of the car, and was shouting:

"You! Here! Wonderful! Look at you, fuckin' look at you!"

There was a sign around her neck; it read:

"A gift to Johnnie from Sylvie!"

He grabbed his phone, as he went up to the grinning Carol; he called Sylvie and told her that he owed her big time.

"Take care of her, Johnnie," Sylvie said, "She's my baby sister!"

"Sylvie, I promise that I'll cherish her; that I promise!"

As he said it, he ran a hand over Carol's ass; it made her shiver.

Then he was off the phone and hauled her down.

"It's wonderful to see you up there like that," he enthused, "But I want you in my arms, where you belong."

She clung to him, and said:

"I was just, you know, hanging around waiting for my boyfriend!"

He slapped her ass and she 'eeeeked' and giggled a:

"Hi, Johnnie! I've come to live with you! Please take me in! I have a new job in the city with my company and have no place to stay!"

"Mean it?" he shouted and, when she shook her head 'yes', he danced her around.

They settled in and for a while, as they got settled, Kenny stayed with Sylvie, where he continued their relationship. They were sometimes lovers and sometimes he dominated her. It fulfilled both of them.

Kenny was often with his Mom and Johnnie and the relationship was a good one.

They worked their relationship out and were happy after 8 months to announce to friends and family that they were being married.

The End (And a footnote: Roger!

The day after the events with the three of them and the pizza he showed up at the door, while Johnnie was still there. He had a it on and was dressed up.

Johnnie opened the door for him. He was surprised and pleased:

"Hey, Carol," Johnnie called, "Roger is here!"

She came into the room, pleased to see Roger.

"Roger!" she said.

He smiled a shy smile and she said to him:

"I look different dressed for work, I guess."

"Yes, ma'am, you do!"

"So, Roger," Johnnie said, "What brings you hear?"

"Only to give you these!" he said, handing the flowers to Carol.

"They're for both of you; you see, I appreciate what you did."

"What?" Johnnie asked.

"Look," Roger said, "I'm older, I'm fat, I'm homely. You did something that suited your own purposes but was a treat for me beyond anything that I can describe. I just wanted to say 'thank you.'"

The card on the flowers was written to 'Johnnie and Carol'.

"Oh, Roger," Carol said and gathered him into a hug!

Roger was, in fact, at the wedding, and remained a friend.)