"Come along and let me introduce you to one of my slaves," Aunt Katherine spoke to her young niece.



"That sounds..." Nikki started to reply but then stopped in mid- sentence when she grasped her Aunt's words. "Um, I mean, that sounds good!"



She could have sworn she heard her aunt use the word "slave," but that couldn't possibly be! No real slaves existed. A person could not own another person, even someone as rich as her aunt. The large, opulent mansion showed Aunt Katherine's great wealth, but no one had that much money! Nikki shook her head and figured she must have misheard "servant."



"Their bedrooms are on the second floor," Aunt Katherine glanced upward, referring to the slaves ? or servants or whatever they were called. "Let us go to the foyer so I can call one of them down."



Nikki didn't know the meaning of the word "foyer," but she followed anyway. Her aunt used many fancy, high-class words. Nikki figured they came from all the private schools she attended as a child, plus all the rich friends that surrounded her as an adult. Aunt Katherine was rich, really rich! Of that there was no doubt. All the relation knew it, even if they seldom talked about it. In fact, they hardly ever talked about Aunt Katherine at all. They treated her like a ghost and only occasionally mentioned the rich Aunt with the eccentric tastes. They also said she lived a decadent lifestyle. Nikki never knew quite what this meant, but she was going to do her best over her vacation of the next two weeks to try to figure it out.



Her aunt lead the way through the house, dressed in a full length, flowing, and certainly very expensive evening gown. Nikki noticed it brush up against both sides of the doorways as she passed through. It looked absolutely beautiful and so did the woman who wore it. Nikki knew the sister was born into the world only four years after her own father, but her Aunt looked more like 20 years his younger. Ample breasts blessed a slim figure, and her gown performed an exquisite job at showing off both with a tight fit and plunging neckline.



Wearing a full-length evening gown herself, Nikki followed close behind. Her mother firmly instructed she wear the dress upon the first introduction to her aunt. She didn't want to. It sounded so impractical to wear her best dress on a weekday afternoon, but she obediently changed into the dress in the bathroom of the train station. Now Looking at her aunt's gown, she understood why.



Nikki could only hope she would look as beautiful as her Aunt when she reached the same age. There already existed many similarities; like the fair complexion, little nose, slim figure, and certainly the long, jet-black hair. Aunt Katherine wore her hair up in a bonnet at the top of her head, but Nikki could tell it was long enough to probably flow down nearly to the waist like her own. The biggest difference, she couldn't help but notice, was in the chest. Aunt Katherine had cleavage while Nikki was still young and nearly flat. She could only hope to develop features just as impressive.



Nikki followed her aunt as she walked down the hallway and then through the formal dining room. Along the way she tried to avoid touching anything. Fancy crystal stood all around. Fine china graced the dining room table. Delicate little figurines seemed to occupy every square inch of spare cabinet and shelf space. She feared brushing up against something expensive and accidentally breaking it. It wouldn't give a good first impression.



"Jonathan," Aunt Katherine stepped through a final doorway and into the glorious main entranceway of the house. "Please come down. I would like to introduce you to my niece. And please do not bother with any formal attire."



Nikki waited, standing just beside her aunt, at the foot of a long, winding staircase. Above, a crystal chandelier hung from the ceiling. To one side the stairs seemed to extend forever almost into the clouds. Everything about the house ? or it was really more like a mansion ? was high class. It stood as the centerpiece of what was once a large southern plantation. It used be one of the largest tobacco plantations in the state of Virginia, but that was before the War of Northern Aggression ? as her father still called it. Most everything was destroyed or looted when first the Northern and then the Confederate armies marched through. Aunt Katherine lovingly restored it many decades later when she returned from the Alaskan Klondike with the riches of her dead husband's gold strike.



"You are developing very nicely," Her aunt casually spoke as though to kill the time as they waited. "Did you not recently celebrate a birthday?"



"Two weeks ago," Nikki answered. "I just turned sixteen."



"Ah yes!" Katherine nodded. "The perfect age to start your experience of life's many pleasures."



Nikki thought her Aunt's words curious ? also confusing.



"I must say you are very pretty," Katherine went on. "The boys are going to have to fight against each other to get your attention."



Nikki blushed. She always blushed when someone told her she was pretty, especially when it came from a relation. She just hoped to hear it some day from a boy.



Her attention diverted to the sound of footsteps at the top of the wooden staircase. They sounded soft, not sharp and quick like a pair of shoes, but quiet as if they came from slippers.



Nikki looked up and immediately understood why. She looked up to see a pair of bare feet turn the corner, and then she noticed the legs were also bare, and then she noticed so was his chest. In fact, so was all of him! He wore no shoes or shirt. He also failed to wear any pants or even underwear. He did not wear anything at all!



Nikki gasped in disbelief! For a moment, she thought she imagined the sight. She thought her eyes somehow played a trick on her, but then she blinked and discovered they had not. The man really was bare-assed naked! He had everything on display.



"Walk on down here and meet Nikki," Aunt Katherine spoke as though nothing was out of the ordinary about a naked man walking down the front staircase of her house.



Nikki couldn't speak. She stood too shocked to talk. Instead, she remained frozen and just looked at him.



The man made no attempt to cover himself. His arms remained behind his back as he walked down the stairs. He failed to bring his hands forward and use them for cover ? as it would seem natural for a naked man to do in front of two clothed women. He made no attempt to take his manliness away from Katherine at all, not even when a stranger stood at her side.



He kept himself bare, and Nikki kept herself looking. She looked and saw all the way down the front of his body. And, most important, she saw at his dick.



"Well, what do you think?" Her aunt asked when he reached the bottom of the stairs and then stopped and stood before them.



"I'm ... not sure," Nikki tried to speak, not knowing what to say.



She caught herself starring down at his waist. She looked right at it, and realized she had been looking at it the whole time. Even as he walked down the stairs, her eyes lowered and then her head bowed down as she followed it. She liked his dick, and she especially liked the way it bounced up and down as he dropped down each step of the stairs.



Nikki caught herself starring and suddenly felt very embarrassed. She quickly looked away.



"Don't be shy," Her aunt comforted. "You can look as much as you want. Jonathan is used to it. He doesn't mind if you look at him, do you Jonathan?"



He shook his head to indicate a "no," so Nikki meekly looked again. She turned her head slowly and took quick peaks out of the corner of her eyes. She couldn't help but want to look. She liked the way he looked.



Jonathan was a tall, handsome man, standing almost six feet. He looked young, not much older than herself; probably around nineteen or maybe in his early twenties. Not much hair yet grew on his chest, although the blond hair on his head flowed down far enough to touch his shoulders. And then there were his muscles. Muscles seemed to bulge out from all around him, indicating he did a lot of manual labor, probably working in the fields all day. He definitely looked strong, and he certainly looked very handsome.



Nikki didn't get many chances to look at naked, adult men, and this was an excellent specimen. Everything about him looked big, she saw, most especially his dick. She noticed his dick most of all. It seemed to hang down a long distance between his legs, but she could be mistaken. She hadn't seen many adult dicks before. Perhaps this was normal.



Nikki also noticed he did not speak out loud. In fact, he did not speak at all. She had yet to hear his voice. It was as though he was not allowed to speak, and then she remembered her aunt talking about her slaves. A thought entered her mind, but she quickly dismissed it.



"Go ahead and turn for Nikki," Katherine told him while performing a twirling motion with her finger. "Give Nikki a good look at your ass too."



To her amazement, he turned and showed his behind. He turned all the way around and then he did it again. She liked his ass too. He had smooth, hard buns, but it wasn't nearly as exciting as his dick.



The whole time he refused to use his hands to provide cover. He kept them behind his back when facing forward, and he let them hang to the side when he had his back towards them so they could have a better look at his behind. It was as though he was trained to model his most private features. He was allowing her, a complete stranger, to look at whatever she wanted. Nikki couldn't help but turn further to take advantage of the opportunity.



"What do you think of him?" Aunt Katherine asked a second time.



"Nice," Nikki could manage only one word.



"If you haven't noticed already, he's one of my most well endowed," Katherine went on. "He's over nine inches."



"What?" Nikki yelped. She thought she knew what her Aunt meant, but it was too shocking for her mind to accept.



"His pecker!" Katherine clarified more directly. "You know, his organ. I am referring to his cock. It will elongate to a full nine inches when hard. He is one of my favorites."



Nikki brought her hands up to her mouth and covered it in amazement. She couldn't believe how openly her aunt talked about his dick, and how openly she talked about it right in front of him. She was shocked, and then remembered again her aunt's use of the word "slave." The thought rushed back into her mind. She thought about a sex slave. More specifically, a male sex slave.



Nikki looked at him again and wondered. Thoughts of a male sex slave sent waves of erotic ecstasy through her body. She had never felt quite this way before. A male sex slave would be like a girl's ultimate fantasy. She immediately knew this was what her parents meant when they talked about the decadent behavior in Aunt Katherine's home.



Nikki looked at him closer and thought about what Katherine had said. She liked the many names she had just heard for his dick. She heard them all before, mostly when joking around at school with her girlfriends, but never right in front of a live one.



"Would you like to see for yourself?" Aunt Katherine asked next.



Nikki didn't know what her aunt meant. What more of him was there to see? He was already naked; totally naked. She looked at her aunt in confusion.



Katherine only smiled back. "Jonathan," She then turned to the naked man standing before them. "Show yourself to Nikki. Make it full."



Nikki gasped. She again thought she knew the meaning of her Aunt's words, but they were too unbelievable to accept. But then she looked at Jonathan and understood.



His hands remained clasped behind his back, but the middle of his waist began to get bigger.



"Oh my God!" Nikki couldn't help but say out loud. She had never seen a man in his fullest state before.



"Keep watching," Her aunt said in reply. "He still has quite a show to put on. It is not nearly over."



Nikki thought about turning away and running out of the room, but she didn't. She couldn't. She wanted to watch. It seemed so demeaning to make this poor man get full in her presence, especially when she considered that it was in the presence of a complete stranger, but then Aunt Katherine did nothing to force him. Jonathan just stood there and did it on his own, and he did it fast. First his dick just started to get longer and then it began to rise.



"Oh my God!" Nikki couldn't help but say again.



"Yes, it is rather fun to watch," Katherine agreed. "Tell me Nikki, have you ever witnessed a man getting hard before?"



She shook her head to indicate "no." She was unable to say it out loud.



As a result, he seemed to rise faster. Her admission seemed to make his dick rise even more quickly. It was soon sticking straight out of his body, and then it began to rise even more.



"They probably don't grow them this big down in Florida," Her aunt kidded her. "Have you ever seen such a big one before?"



"No," Nikki quietly spoke.



"Have you ever seen one at all?" Her aunt went on to ask. "I forget, you are rather young Nikki. I suppose it is possible that you have never seen a live man in the fully inflated condition?"



She said it in the form of a question, but Nikki was to embarrass to speak. She simply shook her head.



"Well then," Katherine spoke. "We will just have to make up for it then! I will instruct each of my slaves to make himself full in your presence. I have nine of them, you know, and they are all very well endowed. All cocks are rather similar when you get right down to it, but each has its peculiar characteristics."



"Oh my God!" Nikki looked her aunt in the eye to check if the nine slaves were an exaggeration or a joke. But then she quickly looked back down at his dick. There was no indication of a joke, and his dick now looked as though it was at a full erection. In fact, his dick no longer looked like a measly dick. It looked more like a full- fledged cock!



"How do you like it now?" Her aunt asked.



"Wow!" Nikki spoke in amazement. "He's very impressive."



"Yes," Katherine agreed. "Nine long inches of cock-meat. And notice it is not just long, as you can see for yourself, but it is plenty wide too. Jonathan has a rather big unit!"



Nikki gasped. She never heard a cock being called "meat" or a "unit" before. It sounded so demeaning, although also very erotic. She found herself becoming increasingly aroused, or at least more aroused than ever before. Images formed in her mind. She imagined this man in bed with her. She looked down at his long piece of cock-meat and couldn't help but wonder what it would feel like inside her.



"I think Jonathan is impressed by you too," Aunt Katherine told her. "That was one of the fastest erections I have ever seen him give up. I think you make him excited. I mean, you are very cute and he probably assumes you are a virgin. I bet he is fantasizing right now about what it would be like to fuck you."



Nikki covered her mouth and looked at her aunt.



"Well, why not?" Aunt Katherine spoke. "You are a very good looking young girl. You have a very pretty face and a nice, slim figure. I bet Jonathan is picturing himself on top of you right now, or perhaps he is even imagining you straddling his waist."



Nikki couldn't believe it. Never, even in her wildest imagination, did she ever think that her Aunt's house was like this. A naked man stood in front of her, and they were talking about sexual intercourse right in front of him. No wonder her parents never allowed her to visit.



"This is all very strange," She had to admit to her aunt. "I just never realized..." She couldn't finish.



"Never realized what?" Her Aunt asked.



Nikki didn't know quite how to put it. "Is Jonathan, like," She said shyly. "I mean, is he like your slave?"



"You could say that," Katherine answered without hesitating. "But he's not just an ordinary slave, he's my sex slave."



Nikki gasped again. She couldn't believe it. The answer was what she expected, but she still couldn't believe it. She heard stories about male sex slaves before but always figured they were fiction. She never expected to meet one in real life, and certainly never expected her very own aunt to have one! Much less nine of them, if she was to be believed.



"You don't look as though you believe my words," Her aunt questioned, seeming to read her mind.



"I'm not quite sure what to believe," Nikki admitted truthfully. "I guess I'm a little overwhelmed right now."



"Well, if you don't believe me," She offered. "Why don't you ask Jonathan? As him if he is a sex slave."



She glanced at her aunt, and then back to the supposed sex slave named Jonathan. Up until now, he hadn't spoken. She wasn't sure if he could speak.



"Are you?" She started to say, but then suddenly became very bashful when she realized she was talking to a naked man with an erection. Nikki suddenly felt very intimidated.



"Does he talk?" She whispered to her aunt instead.



"Of course he talks!" Her aunt answered. "But only when I give him permission. Otherwise he will remain silent."



"Will he talk for me?" Nikki asked. "Will he answer me?"



Aunt Katherine turned to him. "Jonathan, I give you permission to answer the questions Nikki is about to pose to you, but you may not talk. Let's give Nikki a little treat. Answer with your prick instead. Do you understand?"



He seemed to almost jump at her words. Nikki noticed him step back as soon as Aunt Katherine finished the order, but she did not understand why. In fact, she did not understand at all. How could he answer if he could not speak? And how could he possibly answer with his prick.



But then Jonathan provided the answer. Slowly, he began to gyrate his hips. And as a result, his cock began to bob up and down.



Nikki gasped yet again, realizing that he indeed answered with his prick. It was just like someone nodding his or her head, but Jonathan was using his long cock instead. She never saw an erection move before. She watched it bob up and down. It made her feel very erotic.



"Jonathan understands," Aunt Katherine spoke as though nothing was out of the ordinary. "Now go ahead and ask him whatever you want, just make sure they are yes or no questions."



Nikki started to speak, but then didn't know what to ask. She felt embarrassed, and her mind went blank. She forgot the original question.



"Go ahead," Aunt Katherine prompted her. "Start out by asking if he thinks you are pretty."



Nikki looked at her aunt, and then she looked at Jonathan. It was an embarrassing question to ask, but she decided to ask anyway.



He nodded his big cock up and down in response.



Thrilled by his answer, she remembered her original question. "Are you really a slave?"



He answered again in the affirmative.



"Are you really a sex slave?"



He continued answering, this time even harder, moving his "unit" up and down with increased vigor. She heard it slap against his tummy, and she liked watching the bouncing cock, but then wondered what a negative answer would produce.



"Do you ever disobey Aunt Katy?"



And she got her answer. His dick looked even better when it moved from side to side.



"What did you say?" Katherine giggled. "I am not sure if Nikki quite heard you."



He swayed his cock back and forth with increased vigor. Nikki liked the sound it made when it slapped against his thighs.



She asked a few more questions, sometimes questions with "yes" answers and sometimes with "no." She liked the "no" answers the best because his cock seemed to move around a lot more when it went from side-to-side, but the "yes" answers looked good too. Finally, her aunt interrupted. "You seem to really like him, do you not?"



"Yes," Nikki spoke with less shyness now. She found herself slowly getting accustomed to having a naked man around. "This is really exciting!"



"Well," Katherine continued. "How would you like to masturbate him then?"



Nikki gasped in shock. "What!" She thought she had imagined the words.



"Would you like to take Jonathan and masturbate him?" Her aunt asked to her face. "You know, his cock! Would you like to jack off his cock? It's in the perfect position to be masturbated, and it certainly looks as though he needs it. Would you like to take advantage of the opportunity?"



Nikki turned back down at him. "I don't know," She answered without knowing her own words. She didn't know what to say, although inside she already knew what she wanted.



"I believe Jonathan would like it, would you not?"



The sex slave indicated a "yes" by wagging his shaft up and down.



"He can be your toy," Her aunt went on. "I remember how much you liked to play with toys when you were a little girl. This will be just another toy, but Jonathan is a toy for a big girl. He's a sex toy."



Nikki gasped at the thought of having a naked man to play with like a toy.



"And you do not need to worry," Katherine assured her. "I will let you, of course, play with him in private. You can take him downstairs and masturbate him in private," Katherine smiled. "You know how to masturbate a man, do you not?"



Nikki took a hard swallow. "Of course," She answered as if it was common knowledge.



"You pump on his pole with your hand," Katherine explained anyway, as though she wanted to say the words. "You wrap your hand around his pole, and then you start stroking it up and down."



Nikki gasped as she pictured her dainty fingers running up and down the length of Jonathan's giant erection. It made her feel increasingly horny. She had never felt this hot and horny in all her life. She was surprised to actually find herself wanting to hurry up and get him downstairs.



"You pump on his cock," Katherine continued still further. "You stroke it up and down, and you do it again and again. It may be dry at first, but you have little to worry about with Jonathan. I am sure he will have plenty of pre-cumm cream for you. In fact, by the looks of it," Aunt Katherine leaned forward to take a closer look. "It looks as though he may start giving you head before you get him downstairs. It looks like Jonathan is getting excited by the mere thought of getting jacked off by a young virgin."



Nikki thought she could see it for herself in the hardness of his cock. She continued to picture herself masturbating on him.



"And you do not need to worry about him fighting back either," Katherine continued. "If you want, I will help you shackle him down. You will then be free to pump and play with him as much as you want. My only condition is that you may not damage him. Jonathan is expensive merchandise. I do not want him damaged."



Nikki nodded in agreement.



"Other than that, you are free to do anything you want to him and long as you do not damage it. You can bounce it up and down, slap it to the side, suck on it, or whatever! You are free to do whatever you want until you forcibly eject him. I assume," Katherine glanced in her direction. "I assume that you never ejected a man before."



Nikki shook her head and quietly said "no."



"Good!" Katherine sounded pleased. "I'm sure you will enjoy it just fine. It's fun to forcibly eject a man, and it will be especially fun to make Jonathan eject because he is trained."



"Trained?" Nikki looked back at her aunt curiously.



"Yes, trained," Katherine answered matter-of-factly. "You know, he is trained to eject only on command, and not before."



Nikki looked back at her in confusion.



Katherine explained. "Most men will blow their load after only about a few minutes of pumping, depending on how horny they are and how hard you stroke them, but Jonathan will squirt out his load only when you give him permission."



"You mean?" Nikki started to say, but simply could not finish the sentence.



Aunt Katherine finished it for her. "Yes, you can beat on his meat all night long if you want. You can pump your hand up and down on his big unit as hard and for as long as you want, and you won't be able to finish him off without the command."



"Oh my Gosh!" Nikki couldn't help but say out loud.



"If I were you, I would work on him for about a half-hour," Katherine suggested. "Then I suggest you stop and come back upstairs. I will be in the living room. We will talk about it. I can give you a few suggestions. I can tell you some things you can try that you probably never imagined doing before. When you have a cock as big as Jonathan's to work with, there are many interesting things you can do."



"Oh my God!" Nikki couldn't believe it.



"The only thing you need to be careful about," Katherine went on to warn. "You need to be careful when you finally allow him to eject. You see, the longer you make a man wait the bigger the explosion. A long cock-teasing makes the sperm build up and swell his nuts. Then when you finally allow him to eject, he goes shooting across the room. And I am talking not just distance, but quantity too. I have always found it quite amazing how much sperm you can milk out of a man after 30 or 40 minutes of continuous cock-teasing."



"Milking!" Nikki questioned in shock, covering her mouth in disbelieve. She had never heard such a term used on a man before.



"Well, yes," Katherine spoke as though it was nothing out of the ordinary. "That is essentially what you do when you masturbate on a man's tool, you know. You milk out his nuts."



Her hand remained up to her mouth, covering herself as though she did not want Jonathan to see her true emotions. Looking down at his big cock, she could easily picture it squirting like a gun. She pictured it shooting across the room, or perhaps even shooting on her. She wondered what it would feel like to stand naked in front of him and give the command. She imagined what it would feel like for a man to come jizzing all over her body.



"Oh, and that reminds me," Katherine spoke as though she had forgotten an item. "Speaking of nuts, how do you feel about male nuts?"



Nikki didn't know quite how to answer.



"The reason I'm asking," Katherine clarified. " ... is because I need to know how many shackles you will need. Would you prefer to tie both legs together, or would you prefer two shackles to spread Jonathan apart and place him at maximum vulnerability. You know, with his legs spread wide. It depends on how much you want to abuse his balls during what I am sure will be a very extensive masturbation session."



Nikki smiled. She thought about it, but she did not have to think for long. "I want Jonathan spread eagle," She easily decided and then noticed his cock twitch in response.



"Then bring him along, and I will take you downstairs to the dungeon," Katherine instructed as she turned to leave.



Nikki turned to follow, but she noticed Jonathan did not. He simply stood in place, as though unable to move. He looked like he wanted to follow, but could not.



"Nikki, please!" Her aunt spoke from the doorway. "Bring him along! Grab Jonathan by his handle and bring him along."



"What!" Nikki spoke in shock again. "You mean?" She wasn't able to finish it.



"Yes," Katherine clarified. "Take hold of his cock-handle and bring him along. When a man is hard, you must lead him like an animal."



Nikki wasn't sure what to do. She heard her aunt clearly, but couldn't quite believe it! Her aunt wanted her to use Jonathan's shaft like a convenient handle and pull him along by it. She wasn't sure if she could do it, but stepped towards him anyways. She wanted to, of course, but she wasn't sure if she should.



"Come on, we don't have all night!" Katherine attempted to get her to hurry.



Nikki reached down while Jonathan remained standing in place. He did not fight her or step back at all. In fact, he appeared to push his waist forward so his unit would be easier to reach. She had never touched a grown man's cock before, not even a flaccid one; and now her aunt wanted her to touch a man who was full.



She looked directly ahead at his bare chest, unable to look down at his manhood or up to look at his face. She looked through him, out into space, and then allowed her delicate little fingers to brush up against the side of his magnificent member.



She touched him, and he felt hard ? really hard. The touch sent a hot bolt of lust through her body. She was forced to let go.



Nikki heard her aunt let out an impatient moan from the doorway, so she touched again, but this time allowed her fingers to wrap around. He felt harder and much bigger than expected. His erect shaft, in fact, felt monstrous. He felt huge. A hot wave of lust again flashed through her body, but this time she held on. She liked holding on.



Nikki squeezed and then gave a slight pull. To her amazement, he followed. She led Jonathan by his erect organ.



They walked out the door and back through the dining room. They walked past the table, the crystal, and the delicate figurines. They walked through two more rooms and then down a long hallway. A doorway stood at the end, leading to darkness below. It was the doorway to the downstairs dungeon.



The whole time, Nikki kept a tight hold of her new sex toy. She held Jonathan by his male handle and led him along. It's hardness continued to surprise her. His shaft felt like a hard bone protruding from his body, and she suddenly realized why her older girlfriends liked to teasingly call it a hard-on and a boner.



The more she held Jonathan, the more confident she became. She was surprised to find herself quickly becoming accustomed to his cock and wanting to experiment. First, she gave him a squeeze and then she squeezed harder. A few seconds later she tried to pull harder too. The stairs were the best part. As he descended each step, she alternatively brought him to a stop and then gave his cock a tug to resume his movement down to the next one. Each one became progressively harder and more violent as they descended, until the tugs gradually turned into yanks. Half way down he almost slipped from her grasp, but she quickly remedied the problem by squeezing down tighter on his organ. By the time they finally made it down to the last step, Nikki was practically ripping his pole out of his body.



"How would you like to rape him?" Aunt Katherine asked at the bottom of the stairs. "Would you prefer to force him in the standing or the laying position?"



Nikki barely heard her aunt. Instead, she was too busy looking around and the erotic sight that surrounded her. The place looked like a dungeon. Dirt covered the floor. Rough-cut blocks lined the walls. Various oil lamps protruded from the wall, which Katherine must have lit while she was busy entertaining herself on the stairs. The lamps added a particularly erotic element. Their weak flames kept the place dark, making it look gloomy, like a real dungeon. Nikki knew it was a downstairs cellar, but it could just have well been the gallows in a medieval English castle; in one of the castles where men were routinely tortured for information. Her mind drifted and she wondered if any of those tortures were done not by other men, but by a woman such as herself. A hot wave of pure lust passed through her as she wondered if women back in the dark ages ever tortured men by the use of their cocks.



Nikki shook her head and brushed the thought out of her mind. It was too much. She could only handle so much excitement at one time. The cock in her hand proved enough for now.



She came back to reality and looked around. Her eyes grew accustomed to the darkness and she became able to see many other particulars around the room to further increased the impression of a medieval dungeon. Various hooks, chains, and straps protruded from the walls. A few sawhorses sat in the corner. One wall held a pegboard of tools. Behind her lay a large, wooden table, large enough to easily hold the body of a man. She most particularly noticed the steal cuffs located in each corner.



"I love what you've done to this place!" She commented to her aunt. "This is great!"



"Yes it is," Katherine nodded. "I am glad you like it, but standing or laying?"



Nikki considered the original question, and then looked back at the table and then to the various hooks and chains hanging down from the ceiling. "Standing!" She decided.



"Then bring Jonathan over here and let me show you how to properly shackle a man."



Nikki remembered the cock she still held in her hand. She gave it a hard yank and followed Aunt Katherine with her new found sex toy.



Katherine took hold of a metal chain that dropped from the ceiling. Jonathan automatically raised his hand for her to bind it.



"I require my guests to always shackle their own man," Katherine spoke. "I will demonstrate, but you will require both hands to properly tie him."



Nikki reluctantly let go of his boner. As she pulled her hand away, she noticed a distinct feeling of wetness along her fingers. It made her jump in surprise. She had never felt it before, but she knew what it was. Her aunt had indeed been right. Jonathan started to pre-cumm even before she began masturbating on him. It looked like he couldn't wait to be tied down and masturbated.



Jonathan was tall. She had to stretch up high to reach the metal strap that went around one wrist.



"Very good," Her aunt complimented, as though most girls were unable to figure it out. "Now, there is the other one."



She stepped over to his opposite wrist and did the same. It didn't take long before her new sex toy was bound by his wrists, helpless, hanging in the middle of a basement dungeon.



"And now for his feet."



Two straps remained. It seemed meaningless to secure his legs too, but she did so anyway. Nikki remembered what he aunt said earlier about abusing his balls.



Less than five minutes after arriving in the basement dungeon, she had a man secured helplessly by his wrists and ankles. He stood naked with his arms and legs spread open and a giant erection in the center.



"There! That should be fine," Aunt Katherine concluded. "Jonathan is in the perfect position to be cock-teased and forcibly ejected." She gave his cock a hard slap from the top, forcing it to point down for an instant and then spring back up again.



Nikki watched. She admired the way his shaft quickly sprung back and hardly bounced at all. It looked to be incredibly stiff and hard. She would have to remember to do the same thing later.



"Well, have fun with him!" Katherine turned to leave. "Just remember what I said earlier about damaging him. You can leave his dick as sore as you want. He will have a full week to recover. But do not dare damage my property."



Nikki nodded in agreement as her Aunt walked up the stairs. Just after she left, Nikki realized she didn't know the command to allow the slave to eject. She turned and almost asked as the door closed, but then realized it didn't matter. She had plenty of time for that later. Jonathan was going to receive a whole lot of pumping, stroking, and teasing before he would be allowed to ejec

Katherine stepped into her elegant living room and took a book from the shelf. She sat in a plush lounge chair, specifically selecting a chair in the back corner of the room next to an old dumbwaiter that was once used to ferry delicious meals from the downstairs kitchen to the dining room table. She planned to read the book for a short while, but she already knew her attention would soon be diverted. Tonight the dumbwaiter would once again be placed into service, except this time it would be used for her sexual pleasure. She was soon going to hear most everything below her.



It took longer than expected. For the first 10 minutes she heard nothing. She figured Nikki wanted to experiment first, perhaps feeling his boner's hardness, slapping it, making it bob up and down, and doing whatever else a young, 16 year old girl could think about to do with a bound cock at her disposal. It was Nikki's first cock, after all, so it would take time. She could easily imagine Jonathan taking it all in, patiently waiting and pre-cumming like an elephant in her hand.



The audio entertainment began with weak moans. Katherine knew what was happening because she knew Jonathan. She had raped him many times herself. He had this natural tendency to moan whenever he was being pumped. She hardly heard him at first, but then they gradually became louder and louder and Nikki's pumping was sure to continue.



A few minutes later the moans turned into words. "Please! Please!" He started to beg. "Oh my cock!"



He wasn't supposed to talk, but she couldn't blame him. He had been without release for almost a week. As soon as she heard of Nikki's pending arrival, she knew that Jonathan would be perfect for her first time experience. She had purposely masturbated him twice per day over a two-week period. And then, a week before Nikki's arrival, she stopped and prevented him from experiencing an orgasm since.



"Oh please! Oh, please don't squeeze so tight!"



Katherine knew the man had swelling and acing balls, and she also knew Nikki was soon going to milk his sperm right out of them. He would hold out for as long as he could, but there was only so much any man could take. By the sound of his voice coming up from his secured position, she guessed he didn't have much time left.



"Oh God! Not so fast! Please, my cock can't take much more."



And when he did cumm, he was really going to cumm. Jonathan was a large quantity spermer. That's what she liked to call her men, spermers, and Jonathan could sperm with the best of them. And after a week's hold, he had to be extremely ripe for sperming.



"Oh my cock! Oh, my poor cock!"



He would be primed to explode into six or maybe up to nine powerful squirts. The first would be the best. By the sound of his voice, she wondered if it might even be powerful enough to shoot across the room.



"Please Nikki, let go of my cock. Oh please Nikki; stop pumping it so hard. Slow down!"



Katherine worried about giving him to a virgin, but it was not Jonathan that she worried about. She worried Nikki might feel sympathy for him. The inexperienced, timid young girl might slow down her strokes. Or maybe she might stop squeezing after he started to beg.



"Oh my cock! You don't know what you're doing to my cock! I can't hold it much longer."



But that was this morning. By what she heard now, it sounded as though her concerns were unfounded. It sounded as though Nikki wasn't about to let up at all. In fact, by the sound of Jonathan's pleading voice, she suspected Nikki might actually be enjoying his begging.



"And not so tight. Oh God Nikki, I can't take it much longer! I'm going to shoot!"



Suddenly, there was a new voice. "You better not!" Katherine heard her niece. "Not yet, you male slut! You better not shoot until I order it."



"Then stop! Oh please, you have to stop."



"You're not hot enough yet," Nikki kept talking. "It's my cock and I want to make sure it's plenty hot before I see it squirt! When this thing goes off, I want it to go off like a fire hose."



This was unexpected. Kathryn hadn't considered the possibility that Nikki might talk back to him. It sounded as though she was going wild on his cock. I liked it.



"No, no, no! Oh my cock!" He began panting, probably in rhythm with her strokes. "Oh God, it's going to shoot!"



"You fucking bastard, you better not!" Nikki yelled back. "I don't care that I'm pumping on your hose as fast as I can, I said no!"



Katherine started to get turned on. This was definitely much better than expected.



"Oh God!" Jonathan almost let out a squeal. "Oh God, not my balls too! Oh God, let go of my nuts!"



"What do you mean, your nuts?" Nikki quickly picked up on this little error. "These are my nuts! Your balls are mine! And so are the juices inside."



"Don't squeeze!" He immediately reacted, again, almost in a squeal. "I'm sorry! You are right. They are your balls! My cock and my balls are yours."



"That's right," Nikki now spoke in a more sneaky tone. "And what about the juices inside?"



"My juices are yours too," Jonathan quickly accepted. "My sperm is yours to milk whenever you want, but only when you to choose to milk it. Without the command, I must keep my sperm inside my nuts for however long you desire it."



Katherine really liked this. Not until her early training sessions had she ever been able to get Jonathan to say such things. Nikki was bringing out the best in him.



"I don't want to see a single drop of sperm, not yet!" Nikki went on. "I'm having too much fun pumping you. I want you to stay hard and let me pump you longer."



"But not much longer. Please, I can't hold out much longer!" He was almost crying.



"And when I do finish you off," Nikki spoke in return. "I want to squeeze on your balls at the same time. I want to make sure I milk out every drop."



Katherine decided it was time to go downstairs and rescue him, at least for a short while. She didn't want him damaged.



"How are you enjoying him so far?" Katherine asked from the bottom of the stairs.



She had watched for several seconds without Nikki noticing. It was fun to watch them, especially Jonathan. His face rolled in sweat. His big cock looked even bigger than before. He looked positively exhausted.



Nikki didn't look much different. She looked almost just as exhausted. The young girl knelt in front of him with his pole in her hand, continuously stroking it up and down without letup. And she didn't stroke him slow either. She really went at it. Somewhere along the line she had taken off the dress and now knelt in her bra and panty.



Nikki suddenly let go and stopped stroking at the sight of her Aunt in the room. "Oh! I didn't hear you enter," She looked embarrassment.



"Of course you didn't," Katherine smiled. "With all the racket you were making with his cock, how could you?"



Nikki smiled back, and then she laughed a little. "I guess I was being kind-of loud."



Jonathan looked even better than before. Without the hand of her young niece to get in the way, she could see him unencumbered. His hard-on stood up at attention. All nine inches of his hard cock stood upright. It throbbed and pulsed into the open air, desperate for release but unable to do it. It was wet, almost shiny, covered in a thick layer of well-lubricated pre-cumm. It visibly twitched as the two girls looked at it.



"You didn't answer my original question," Katherine reminded her niece. "I asked if you are enjoying it. How do you like masturbating on a man?"



"Oh, he's incredible!" Nikki answered. "And you were right about Jonathan. He is trained! No matter how much I masturbate on him, I can't get him off."



Nikki looked almost as tired and exhausted as Jonathan. She too was sweating, but for different reasons. She was getting quite a workout. Her exercise equipment was the big cock before her.



"I'm glad you are enjoying your male sex slave," Katherine glanced into his eyes long enough to see his reaction. "Tell me, is he still tied up OK?"



"Oh yes," Nikki answered. "He's tied up just fine. I can do anything I want to him, and he can't move a muscle to stop me."



For a brief moment, Katherine thought about taking Jonathan for herself. She thought about removing her own clothing, much like Nikki had nearly done herself, and then forcibly raping him. He was lubricated enough to easily slip in, despite his large size. And the sperm he must have stored in those balls! She thought to herself. He would be able to release great quantities. She fantasized it running out and sliding down her inner thighs.



But then the moment passed. It would be unfair to steal him away, especially after Nikki had already done so much work to prepare him. He was Nikki's sex slave for the night. He was hers to stroke or fuck or do whenever she wanted. Besides, it was more exciting to listen and watch Nikki do it. It was exhilarating to think about what was going through Jonathan's mind. A girl he had never met before, a complete stranger, was jacking him off.



"And his cock?" Katherine went on to ask. "I hope his dong is long enough for you."



"Oh yes," Nikki lowered her head to look at the still engorged member. "I like his dong. He's really got a long pecker!" A slight giggle came from her lips. After she spoke the words, she seemed to laugh at him.



"And is he producing enough pre-cumm for you?" Katherine questioned. "I mean, is he sufficiently lubricated?"



"Yes, plenty of pre-cumm," Nikki spoke happily. "I never knew a man could pre-cumm so much. There is almost too much of it. It's starting to drip off."



"It sounds like the two of you are getting along just fine," Katherine spoke, pleased. Jonathan was one of her best-trained males, which is why she gave him to Nikki. She knew that it would take a lot to satisfy a girl like Nikki. It was a good thing Jonathan had the fortitude to put up with her.



"It sounds like you are giving Jonathan quite a pumping," Katherine spoke. "I mean, for him to have so much pre-cumm, you must really be going at it."



"Oh yes!" Nikki spoke gleefully. "I was a little shy at first and started slow. But after I got accustomed to his size and his hardness, I really went at it. I squeezed and stroked him faster and faster. This last series of strokes were about as fast as I could go, and I think I pumped for a good ten minutes!"



Ten minutes! Katherine thought to herself. For a brief moment, she felt sorry for the young man, but the moment quickly passed. It was a good thing she chose Jonathan. Any other slave would never make it. Even though he was trained, there were limits. Ten minutes of cock pumping at full speed was certainly very close to that limit.



"I don't know if I will be able to stroke him for much longer," Nikki added.



"Really?" Katherine questioned. "Why do you say that?"



"Because he said he was very close," Nikki immediately answered. "I mean, he begged me to let him. Towards the end, he pleaded with me to finish him off."



He certainly was close, Katherine thought to herself. She could see it in his eyes, but she wasn't about to tell Nikki.



"And not only that," Nikki continued. "But I could feel it ? or at least I think I could. For a short while, it felt as though his organ was letting out these little spasms."



Katherine almost choked at hearing the words. She thought back when she felt him spasm herself. She imagined how much he would spasm and throb when he finally was allowed to eject.



"You need not worry," Katherine caught herself. "He can take more. It is all part of the act, you know. Jonathan is trained to beg and plead to make it more exciting for you. It's designed to mimic the sensation of a male rape."



"A male rape?" Nikki looked back in surprise. There was a look of shock on her face, and then pleasure. Then she began to laugh.



"I never thought of it that way," Nikki continued. "But I guess I am raping him! I never thought a male rape was possible, but I guess that's what I'm doing."



"Of course you are raping him!" Katherine spoke the obvious. "You are taking advantage of his male sex organ and controlling his sexual function. That is exactly what a male rape is!"



Nikki laughed some more. "I just never thought of it that way, but you're right! I'm raping Jonathan. I'm doing a male rape!"



"Yes, you are raping his cock," Katherine repeated because she liked the sound of the words. "Or at least that is what I call one form of a male rape. There is another. Maybe we can try the other type tomorrow night."



"You mean!" Nikki turned to her in shock, almost unable to finish. "You mean ... from behind!"



"Yes, that's right," Katherine confirmed her suspicion. "There are actually two methods of raping a man. You can forcibly jack him off, or you can fuck him up the ass. Maybe tomorrow night I can loan you my strap on dildo and you can try the opposite approach."



Nikki looked at his cock and then back to Katherine. "Tomorrow night?" She spoke impatiently. "Why do I have to wait until tomorrow night? Why can't I fuck him up the ass right now."



Katherine stepped back with surprise. She had created a monster.



She heard Jonathan at the same time. He let out a low moan, and when she looked up he was shaking his head. He obviously didn't want to be butt fucked tonight, although it really didn't matter. It wasn't as though he could do anything about it.



Katherine seriously considered the suggestion for a moment, but then thought it better to wait a day. Jonathan had already been through quite a bit, and it would be better to ramp her up slowly, like most young girls.



"Tomorrow night!" Katherine laid down the rules. "We will take it one step at a time. Tonight, I let you have his cock. And tomorrow night, I will hand over his ass for you to do with as you wish."



"Oh yes!" Nikki spoke as she gave him a hard slap on the behind.



"So for tonight," She finished her instruction. "Go ahead and finish off his cock. The reason I came down is to check if you are ready to watch him squirt yet."



"Oh no!" Nikki agreed. "Please, not yet! I'm not done playing with him yet. I want to play with his pecker for awhile longer."



"Do not worry!" Katherine tried to reassure her. "I am not telling you to stop now! I will let you play on Jonathan's cock for a while longer, but remember you do have to get to bed soon. I won't let you play with your sex toy all night."



"I understand!" Nikki nodded her head. "I promise to be done real soon. I just want to pump on his pole for a little longer, and then maybe suck on it for a while too! I've never sucked on a man's thing before. I've always wanted to know what it would feel like in my mouth! And I want to stroke on it some more too!"



Jonathan let out another low moan. Katherine heard it, and then she tried to imagine what was going through his mind. He was already horny as hell and desperately wanted to eject, and now a young virgin girl wanted to suck on his organ too. It was a good thing he was so well trained.



"Very well," Katherine agreed. "I'll give you another twenty minutes, but no more."



"No!" Jonathan suddenly cried out without permission. It was the first word he said to her in a long time. "No, please! Not twenty minutes!" He almost cried.



Katherine turned to leave.



"Please Katherine! No!" He continued to cry. "Please, don't leave! Please, don't leave me alone with Nikki any longer. Oh God! Her hand is bad enough. I won't be able to take her mouth too! Oh, you don't know what she's going to do to my cock if you leave."



Katherine could tell by his words there was no possible way he was going to last another twenty minutes, which gave her an idea.



"By the way," She turned to see his organ already grasped by Nikki's hand. "Just in case he does cumm before he is given permission, I need you to punish him for me."



Jonathan let out an audible moan.



Nikki smiled. "Punish him?" She asked back.



"Yes, punish him," Katherine told her. "It is always best if the punishment is immediate and without delay. That is, if you don't mind?"



"Oh no," Nikki continued smiling. "I don't mind at all! I think I might even like to punish him, depending on what the punishment is?"



"His balls!" Katherine said simply. "I want you to punish him with his balls."



Jonathan let out another moan. He knew what the punishment would be.



"If you think he is about to cumm before you give him permission," Katherine went on to explain. "I want you to grab his nuts by your hand. And then, if he does cumm, I want you to squeeze down on him."



"Oh no!" Jonathan cried. "Please, not that!"



"Oh yes!" Nikki voiced her opposite opinion. "You mean his nuts, I assume? You mean I'm supposed to squeeze down on his balls?"



"Exactly!" Katherine answered. "And don't be gentle about it either. Squeeze down hard. If he cumms before you give him permission, give them a hard squeeze with your hand."



"Don't worry," Nikki spoke excitedly. "You don't have to worry about me. I'll crush his balls!"



She looked up as she said it, looking up to Jonathan's face. He didn't say anything now, only whimpered, and he was sweating profusely.



Katherine ignored him. His whimpers made her feel very hot inside, but she forced herself to ignore him.



"Remember," She turned and resumed her trek up the stairs. "His begging and pleading is all part of the act."



"I know," Nikki yelled back.



It didn't take long before she heard them again.



"No! No! Oh God, no!" Jonathan began to cry out. "Let go! Please, not so fast!"



"Yes! Yes!" Nikki yelled back. "Oh, I love your big cock! And now I can't wait until tomorrow night when I can have your ass too!"



As Katherine sat calmly down, she could easily picture Nikki going crazy on his long erection. She's pumping on him furiously now, She thought to herself. She's running her hand up and down his soaking wet member as though her life is dependent on it.



"Please, I can't take it any longer," Jonathan yelled louder. "Oh my cock! Oh Nikki, please, my cock! Stop squeezing it so tight while you stroke. I can't take it any more!"



"But you will!" Nikki told him in return, her voice now sounding as though she was breathing hard from all the effort of her hand. "Don't squirt! You better not squirt! Not yet. I haven't sucked on it yet."



Katherine waited for him to eject. She expected him to do it at any moment. There was no way Jonathan could last much longer. There was no way any man could hold out much longer for such a wild girl like Nikki, especially when she talked about sucking it too. Katherine could almost picture him accidentally doing it in her hand, suddenly squirting without permission. It might be the first ejaculation Nikki has ever seen, She thought to herself while wondering if she really would hand out the punishment as instructed.



But he did hold out.



"Oh God! No! Not your mouth too! Oh Nikki. Oh God!"



He certainly was impressive. She figured Nikki was now both sucking and stroking on him. She pictured the girl making short, tight strokes with her hand as the tip of his cock stayed in her mouth.



"Oh God Nikki, please! Please let me squirt!"



"Yummy," Nikki answered in reply. "What a delicious wiener you have. It's like licking on a lollypop."



"Oh God!" He cried out again as she pictured Nikki going back down on it. "Oh you're tongue! Stop flicking it like that!"



"Katherine!" Katherine suddenly heard her own name being called out. "Oh Katherine, please! If you can hear me, please help," He tried to call out for her rescue. "Oh God, Nikki's ravaging my cock."



"Yummy," Nikki said in reply. "I really like your cream! Your cream is delicious. And if your cream is this delicious, I bet you're sperm is going to taste even better!"



"No! Not those too!" Jonathan cried. "Oh God Nikki, not those too."



Katherine was confused. For a moment, she didn't know what Jonathan was talking about, but the sound of his voice gave her the answer.



"Oh God, not those too," He cried. "Not my nuts! Please, not both hands and your mouth all at once. Oh, I can't stand it."



"I can't wait to eat out what's inside these two big balls," She heard Nikki say, followed by loud slurping sounds coming from the open door to the dumbwaiter leading to the basement.



"Please help me!" Jonathan cried. "She's got my cock in her mouth! Oh Katherine, please come rescue my poor, aching cock! I can't hold out any longer."



Katherine couldn't believe he had held out for as long as he did. She couldn't believe how well behaved he was and figured it was time to give him a reward.



"No! No!" He was crying out. "It's not a tube steak! Oh God Nikki, stop biting on my shaft."



A moment later Nikki and Jonathan howled out a cry in unison. Nikki's was more muffled, as though something was interfering with her voice; like, for instance, I big cock stuck in her mouth.



Jonathan's cry was more like a scream. In fact, it was a scream.



From the comfortable armchair in the living room, Katherine understood what happened. She knew the moment when Jonathan gave her a big, tasty treat. He had ejected without permission and a moment later was given a ball-crushing. The squeezing of his nut sack probably caused additional sperm to spray out. She was sure Nikki got quite a mouthful.



Katherine couldn't wait to give Nikki a turn at her other male slaves too, but that could wait until tomorrow night.

Your opinion is important:

Share with the others what you think about

"Aunt Katherin and Her Slaves"

     

Switch to Expanded voting for