Bathrobe Mornings
bytwistedjoe37©

** All characters are 18 years old or older.**

The older of my two daughters is named Samantha, but nobody calls her that. See, when she was about four and her sister Heather was still in diapers; she heard me call her mother honey and decided that meant I loved her the most. After that, she would respond to Honey and nothing else. The name stuck and even now that she's grown into a beautiful young woman, its all anyone calls her.

*

Years went by and Honey and Heather grew into lovely, talented young ladies. Honey was my artist, and could sing and dance ballet. Heather was the athlete of the two, and was a demon on the soccer field. Both girls shared a room and were very close.

Their mother and I divorced when Honey was ten. My ex's hobbies included smoking pot and gaining weight, while I owned and operated a health club, and always kept myself in excellent shape. Eventually the endless supply of supple young women at the club was too much of a temptation and I started cheating. Eventually the wife found out and she left for the east coast, where her family lived. The girls chose to stay with me and they only rarely see their mom these days.

My girls were and are my angels. Nothing you are about to read changes any of that.

But our relationship changed forever about six months ago. It was a Saturday at about eight in the morning. I was thirty seven years old. I always wake up early, and on the weekends I sit in bed and read a bit. On this particular Saturday Honey woke up early too, and took a shower. I was vaguely aware of her doing so.

"Morning Daddy." She said from my doorway. I looked up to see her in her bathrobe, glowing from the heat of the shower. Her wavy auburn hair hanging wet against her neck. Honey grew to about five foot one when she was twelve, and then stopped growing. The thigh length bathrobe she wore was the same one I'd bought her at ten years old. She was a petite little thing, with B cup breasts (I buy her bras) and a cute figure. Both my daughters are gorgeous and I've always been proud of it.

"Good morning, Honey. Why up so early?"

Honey shrugged and then pounced on my king sized bed. "I want to cuddle." She announced.

"Okay. I'm naked under here though, so can you get me my robe over there?"

Honey giggled and went and got my bathrobe from the hook I hang it on. Mine is thigh length, just like hers, and about as old.

I took a minute getting my robe on under the covers while my little girl waited patiently.

"Okay" I said finally "cuddle away."

With that Honey climbed under the covers and snuggled up to my chest. I wrapped my arm around her and we talked about her life and school and just enjoyed the closeness.

After a while though, I became very aware of the skin of her leg on mine. She would shift around while she talked and the friction got my dick half hard even though she wasn't touching it. I didn't really worry about it. Just a little sexual thrill that wasn't going to hurt her if she didn't know about it.

At least, I didn't worry about it until she climbed on top of me and kind of half straddled my hips.

"You're the best Dad ever." She said as she hugged me tight. Her robe slipped open below the waist, and I could feel the hair on her mound against my thigh, and just a hint of wetness there. Probably from the shower, I told myself.

I tried to play it cool and hugged her back. I should have moved her off me but here's the thing: I have no will power. Women and especially forbidden sex are my weakness. So I left my daughter on top of me, while my cock sprang to life six inches from her pussy. It was up against her right hip, on the outside of her robe, but she seemed completely unaware of it.

Suddenly she shifted again, centering herself on me, and her open pussy made direct contact with my cock.

"Daddy are we still - oh!" She jumped when she felt the tip against her opening and moved up so she was straddling my belly instead. Her head still only about the level of mine as I'm six foot two.

"Whoops, sorry baby, I didn't know you were going to move like that."

Honey stayed quiet but she was breathing a little harder. I could feel it against my ear. "No, its okay." She said in a soft voice. "It was just an accident."

"That's right."

Honey looked and me and then to my surprise gave me a little peck of a kiss on the lips. "I know you're a good daddy." She said.

"Thanks. You're not so bad yourself."

Honey laid her head back down next to mine and continued to tell me about her girlfriends at school while my cock raged just below her.

She was breathing harder though as the minutes wore on, and soon I could feel her juices working their way out of her pussy and onto my belly. Also, as she talked her body was sliding slowly down. Every nerve in my skin was electrified, and I think she was probably the same way. Both of us knew we were damn close to a very big line, but we were pretending like it was all innocent.

Our robes had pulled open more. Both of us were exposed from the waist down, and up to the belly button. There was a lot of skin to skin contact going on. Honey had a light sheen of sweat on her.

Her pussy made contact with my cock again, and this time it was soaked. Honey stopped talking for a moment and waited. I didn't move. I didn't breathe. Every instinct I had was to grab her hips and impale her on my thick shaft, but I didn't do anything.

So Honey started talking again, though her voice was thin and her sentences short. Sometimes she would wiggle a little bit. After a couple tries at this I could feel her labia parting around my dick. It would have been so easy. Just a lift of my hips and I'd have been fucking my own daughter.

Honey stopped talking, I'm not sure when. I just became aware that we were laying there silently, our robes nearly completely open, both of us drawing in ragged breaths. Then I felt her kiss my neck, right above the collar bone. The first kiss was just a peck, but on the second one her lips parted and the kiss was longer. My cock jumped and her body shook in response. She sighed, her face buried in my chest. My cock jumped again.

That's when Heather's door opened down the hall. Honey slowly rolled off me and silently got out of my bed and closed her robe up. But not before I saw her pretty little mound, shaved down to a landing strip. Her inner thighs were glistening with her juices.

"Thanks for the cuddle, Daddy." She said quietly.

"Anytime." I said back.

"What are you guys doing?" Heather asked as she reached my room.

"Just a little Saturday snuggling" Honey said. Heather gave her a weird look even it though it wasn't at all unusual for one or both of my girls to climb under the covers to cuddle with me. We were a very affectionate family. Although that morning had been... Particularly so.

Nothing happened after that. Heather took her shower and Honey and I got dressed and we all went about our day.

In fact, nothing else happened that week. I convinced myself that what had happened was normal and probably one of those things that happened between a lot of fathers and daughters and that was the genesis of a lot of the stories you read on these types of web sites. A near thing, but my pathetic will power had held. No harm no foul.

"It's Saturday, Daddy." Honey said, waking me up. I opened my eyes to see her showered and in her robe again. She tossed me mine. The room was filled with early dawn light and I looked at the clock. It was only six forty five. No big deal for me as I was an early riser anyway, but really strange for Honey.

"Wow, what have I been feeding you? Its the weekend."

While I talked I slipped on my robe. Honey climbed under the covers quickly though, before I had closed it up. I caught her looking at my cock for just a second as she got in. She snuggled up to my chest and it was decided. My robe was technically on, but I was naked in front. Honey laid her head on my collar bone and her smooth shaven leg over my thigh.

She started talking about her sister, but while she did her hand started moving over my chest. She started making circles, and the circles started getting bigger. Eventually they were running from my collar bone to my belly button. Sometimes she would brush the tip of my rock hard cock. God help me, I just let it all continue.

Honey adjusted her robe. I realized a minute later when she straddled my hips that she'd undone the sash.

My young daughter's naked body was on top of mine, her hard nipples pressed into my chest, her legs parted, her sex open. I'd never felt anything so erotic. I'd never been more intensely aware of a woman's body on top of mine.

She lay quiet. Waiting to see if I'd stop her I guess. I could feel the moist heat of her pussy on my cock. This time I let my hips rise up, and she pushed back into me.

My cock sank a half inch into my daughter's vagina as her soft breasts pressed into my chest. She looked up into my eyes, her mouth open slightly and her pupils wide and dark.

"I'm sorry, Daddy," she said as she lowered herself onto me more. The head of my dick slipped into her. "I'm so sorry."

She kissed my mouth. Something between a daughter's kiss and a lover's. I pushed into her a little deeper, savoring the tight wetness of her young pussy. She moaned and kissed me again, hesitant but longer. I opened my mouth and our tongues swirled around together. I took her narrow hips in my hands and pushed my cock all the way in her. Nothing slowed me down on the way in. She wasn't a virgin, thank God.

I pulled out and pushed in again as she sighed into my mouth. My daughter rocked her hips back and forth, fucking me. Fucking her own father.

My cock was as hard as I can ever remember it being. Thick and long, nearly splitting my baby in two. Honey began to moan louder as she impaled herself on me again and again. I almost tried to get her to quiet down for fear she'd wake her sister but then all at once her body seized up and her fists clenched the sheets. I felt her shake as she came all around me, and felt her pussy flood with new juices as her orgasm went on and on.

"Oh God, Daddy" she whimpered "I'm still cumming. It's so good."

"Be careful, baby. You're going to make Daddy cum too."

Honey grabbed me by the shoulders and rolled me on top of her. She wrapped her legs around me and started humping her hips into me.

"Do it, Daddy." She begged, "Cum for me. Inside. Inside. I want it so bad."

I fucked my little girl in long, hard strokes as her pussy continued to spasm around me.

"I'm so close angel."

"Fill me Daddy. Fuck me. Fuck me, please don't stop."

My entire body locked as I thrust my cock into my daughter and began to pump load after load of sperm into her. My cum filled her pussy. Overfilled it. I could feel it leaking out of her before I'd even stopped shooting. She bit my shoulder hard as I came, but nothing could stop the torrent of cum pouring out of my dick. I gave it all to her. I emptied myself into my baby girl.

Her legs stayed locked around me and I lay there panting, nearly blacking out from the intensity of my orgasm and of what had just happened. But as the head rush subsided, the reality of it all started to assert itself.

"Oh no, baby. What have I done?" I rolled of her, even then hating the feeling of my cock leaving her. Her pussy clutched at me as I withdrew, pulling every last drop of my semen out. I wondered if she was even on the pill or protected in any way.

As I lay next to her, I stroked her hair. All I could think of was how much I loved her. My daughters were everything to me. The thought that I might have hurt one of them or ruined my relationship with one of them was agony.

Honey reached down between her legs and touched herself lovingly. There certainly wasn't any pain showing on her face. In fact, she rolled her head back languidly as she rocked her hand back and forth on her pussy.

She showed me her fingers, covered in both our cum. "It's us mixed together, Daddy." She said. Then she slowly licked her fingers clean, even putting them in her mouth and sucking them to make sure she got all the sticky juice off of them.

Honey looked me right in the eye. "Don't you dare apologize for what just happened. I wanted it. I've wanted that from you as long as I can remember. Ever since I knew what sex was I've wanted to have you inside me."

She slid her fingers back down her body and gathered more of our cum, then sucked her fingers clean again. "I love your cum, Daddy. I want it in me all the time. Please don't make this just a one time thing."

"I don't know, baby. I love you so much, I don't want to hurt you."

But watching my daughter eat my cum had been so intensity sexual that my dick was already half hard. She wrapped her soft little hand around it and stroked it hard again.

"The only way you'll hurt me now is if you don't give me this." She said, and then slid down and took my cock into her mouth.

I don't know if anything could feel better than Honey's tight, wet little snatch, but she made a damn good effort at making her mouth just as good. She bobbed her head up and down on my shaft, using her hand for extra friction and plenty of tongue to keep things interesting. I started moaning quietly. I didn't want to wake Heather, but it just felt so fucking good.

"Oh Jesus Honey," I said as she picked up her pace, "You're going to make me cum again."

"Mmm, mmmm." She moaned. My Honey was the best mouth I'd ever had. She kept her pace steady but increased her suction and began to twist and slide her hand over my base of my cock. Within seconds, I was pouring another load onto her tongue. I don't know where it came from. I'd cum like a horse just minutes before, but here I was again, shooting another monster load into my baby's waiting mouth. She just moaned and took it all, and then released me from her lips as a tiny droplet of sperm dripped from the corner of her mouth. I watched her throat work as she swallowed the sticky fluid.

I looked up just in time to see Heather dart back into her room, wearing nothing but a nightshirt. She'd just watched her older sister drink my cum.

Honey must have seen the near panic on my face, but she wasn't worried. She just gave my still hard dick another long, languid lick, from the base up to where cum was still leaking from the tip.

"Don't worry, Daddy." Honey said. "She already knows."


Bathrobe Mornings Ch. 02
bytwistedjoe37©

All characters are 18 or older.

*

My hands were shaking in the shower as I washed my daughter's juices off of my cock. I couldn't believe what had just happened. Honey - my beautiful, petite daughter - had just given me two of the best orgasms of my life, back to back, and in the process had changed both of our lives forever.

First she'd made me come in her tight little pussy, me pounding away at her while she begged me to shoot inside her. Afterward she'd fingered herself, pausing occasionally to lick both our cum from her fingers.

Then, when I'd started to become overwhelmed with guilt over what we'd done, she comforted me by taking my cock in her mouth and giving me the best blowjob I'd ever had. She'd kept going until I'd deposited another load of sperm down her throat.

But we'd gotten caught. My youngest daughter, Heather, had seen her sister go down on me, and then run into her room after Honey had finished swallowing.

Every muscle in my body was tense. My mind was racing and my insides were liquid. Would Heather tell anyone? One phone call to her mother and I was probably going to jail.

But worse even than that was the thought that I could lose either of my daughter's love. They were everything to me. Honey seemed pretty damn happy with this new side to our relationship, but she'd also told me she'd been wanting it for a long time, so she'd had all of those years to get used to the idea. I was fairly sure the act wasn't going to hurt her anymore than just wanting it that intensely had. I knew what it was like to have a fantasy that society would consider outside the norm, even wrong. Hell, I was even drawn to fantasies like that.

I had to talk to Heather. I had to do some kind of damage control. But I'd taken a shower first both so Honey could talk to her, and so I didn't smell like incest when I went to her room.

"Heather, baby?" I called out softly as I pushed her bedroom door open. I was wearing my robe again, not having wanted to take the time to get dressed fully. Honey was still in hers, her hair wet from a shower of her own. Heather was in her nightshirt, laying face down on her bed. Her eyes looked as though she'd been crying. Honey was rubbing her sister's back.

I was enough of a pervert to look from Heather's bare feet up to her perfect ass, clad only in a pair of black panties. Heather was my athlete. She had inherited my height, and stood at five-eight, with strong legs and a ripped midsection from playing endless games of soccer for her high school team. Despite her lack of nearly all unnecessary fat, Heather also had a perfect set of c-cup breasts that absolutely defied gravity. Honey was the older sister, but Heather had more of a woman's body. A body that a lot of playboy models would have been jealous of.

Heather didn't answer and didn't look up when I came in.

"She's okay, Daddy." Honey said with a small smile. "We just surprised her, that's all."

"Can I talk to Heather alone, Honey?"

Honey, always the obedient one (at least for me, her mother couldn't get her to cooperate with anything) got up and stood on her tip toes to kiss me on the neck before leaving the room and shutting the door.

"Hi, Dad." Heather said, finally looking up at me. She'd definitely been crying.

"Hi, yourself." I sat down on her bed and put my hand where Honey's had been. I started rubbing her back, and I took it as a good sign that she didn't move away from my touch.

"Heather... I can't explain what you saw. I - "

"Dad, it's okay. I thought you and Honey would end up having sex someday, I just wasn't expecting to see her going down on you when I woke up this morning. She should have closed the door or something."

"You thought we'd do something like that? Why?"

"God, I can't believe you didn't know all these years how much she's wanted you. I mean, we talk about sex and boys and stuff all the time. We're sisters. It's just that ever since we started doing that, she has always told me fantasies about you and all the things she wanted you to do to her. I've been listening to it for a long time."

"I didn't know."

Heather chuckled into her pillow and shook her head.

"Okay I think its a little weird all right? I'll admit that some of the stories she used to tell me were kind of hot, but that was in fantasy. In real life... its a little intense. But she's my sister and I know this is what she wants to do. So you guys keep doing it if you want. I won't tell anyone, I promise. I just want things to be normal around here. Well, you know, sort of normal."

I comforted Heather for a while. I told her about how much I loved she and her sister and I thanked her over and over again for her understanding. She wanted to know if Honey and I were going to keep fucking, and I told her that would be up to her sister.

"Then you will." She said simply. "God, what a family."

Eventually Heather told me she wanted to take a shower, so I stood up to leave.

"Dad?"

"Yes baby?"

"Have you ever... thought about me like that? About fucking me?"

She rolled over and stretched her legs out on the bed. I couldn't read her expression, but when she said "fucking" my eyes went involuntarily to her panty clad pussy. I could see a wisp of light brown hair poking out of one side. I'm sure she noticed me looking, but I tore my eyes away as fast as possible. Her expression was hard to read.

"No baby," I lied, "I think you're beautiful, but the truth is that I've always just thought of both of you as my little girls. What Honey and I did this morning was a surprise, and not something I planned or thought would happen."

"I'm not sure I believe you." Heather said. Smart girl.

I think every father with a beautiful daughter has his fantasies at some point, even if they would never think of acting on them. I know I never thought about acting on mine, but as I mentioned before, forbidden sex is my weakness. Having a daughter who shared my fantasy was just a little bit too much for my underdeveloped willpower.

"Heather, I will always love you and your sister both, no matter what, okay?"

"Okay." And then, just before I left the room, "I'll always love you too, Daddy. No matter what."

The three of us spent most of the rest of that day in our rooms, though Honey went out for a while to go shopping. Heather seemed to want time to herself and I figured she probably needed it.

I got into a good novel after a quiet family dinner, and lost track of time until about eleven o'clock, when Honey came to my room.

"I want to show you what I bought today." She said, closing the door behind her. I was already in bed, wearing only a pair of gym shorts and an old t-shirt.

Honey did a slow strip for me, revealing a beautiful pair of lacy, dark green panties with a matching bra. My cock thickened as I watched her turn around.

"Did I do good, Daddy? Was I a good girl?"

"Honey, you were the best girl. Why don't you come over here and give Daddy a kiss."

Honey straddled my lap and put her tongue in my mouth. I ran my hands all over the lace of her lingerie as I tasted my daughter's mouth.

As our bodies tangled our clothes fell by the wayside. I looked up at her angel's face, my cock standing up against my belly, as I peeled her panties down her legs. When I saw her neatly trimmed bush open and wet for me, my mouth went to it of its own volition.

My baby tasted so fresh and clean. I tasted her sweetness again and again as I licked all over her vagina, inserting my tongue into her opening, and then settling on her clit. She moaned and twisted at the attention, not hiding her pleasure at all. I realized that Heather was going to hear her though, so I stopped eating her pussy and moved up between her legs.

"You taste so good, angel." I told her, "but don't you think you should be a bit quieter? Your sister will hear us."

Honey reached between us for my cock and guided it to her waiting pussy.

"She knows I'm in here, Daddy. She watched me suck your cock, remember?"

Honey wrapped her legs around me and pulled me deep into her body. She felt like heaven.

"I heard Heather when she came out this morning." She purred into my ear, "It was way before I made you come."

"She watched us?"

"Mmmmm... mmm-hmm. Oh God, Daddy you feel so good. Do you like fucking your little girl, Daddy?"

"Oh yes, baby. You feel so amazing?"

"My pussy, Daddy. Tell me my pussy is making you feel good."

"Your... your pussy angel." God, I was going out of my mind trying to talk dirty to my daughter while my cock stroked in and out of her tight snatch. "Your pussy feels so good. My cock feels so good inside you."

"Inside your own daughter. Mmm... fuck me Daddy. This is so hot."

I lifted Honey's knees up so I could get even deeper in her, and she gasped as I pushed in.

"Oh yes, Daddy. So deep. So good." She pulled me down to her again, her nails raking my back.

"I touched myself while I was sucking you this morning. While she was watching. I wanted her to watch. I wanted her to watch me suck our Daddy's cock." I raised up on my hands and started pounding into her, the head board banging against the wall.

"Oh yes, Daddy! Fuck me! Fuck me!"

"Oh God, Honey, I can't take it anymore, get ready baby."

"Are you gonna come, Daddy? Are you gonna come in my pussy again?"

"Yes, baby, I'm so close."

She pulled me down again, and I kept driving into her over and over.

"Let her hear you." She whispered into my ear. "Let your baby girl hear you fill her sister with your cum."

"Honey! I'm coming baby, you're making Daddy cum!" I didn't yell it, but Heather would have had to have been deaf not to hear it in the quiet house. I couldn't help it. Honey was ruining my mind with the best dirty talk I'd ever had whispered in my ear. My daughter was a demon, come to claim my soul, and I wanted her to do it.

"Yes! I want your cum Daddy! Put it in my pussy - oh!" Honey arched her back and screamed as our orgasms hit together. I pumped load after load into her womb, while her snatch clenched tight and drew every drop of sperm out of my cock. I was filling my baby girl again. Filling her with my seed for the third time today. Images of this morning ran through my mind. Of watching her cum on my cock the first time we fucked, of watching her mouth stretch wide around me as she sucked me off.

Only now Heather was in the images too. Heather watching us. Heather hearing us fucking.

What was happening to me?

I fell along side Honey, our sweat covered bodies still wrapped up together.

"Tell me I'm a good girl, Daddy." She purred.

"You are, baby. You're very bad, but you're very, very good."

"Say it."

"You're a good girl, angel. Daddy's good girl."

"Can I sleep with you tonight? Naked like this?"

"Sure."

"I love you."

"I love you, too."

Honey drifted off to sleep before too much longer, her head on my chest and her little hand wrapped around my cock. I listened for a while to hear if Heather was moving around, and I thought for a minute that I heard her feet moving away down the hallway.

When I heard her door click shut, I knew I was right.

I lay there in the dark, wondering where all this was going, where all of it would lead. It hardly mattered. I didn't have anything close to the willpower it would take to stop this now. The only thing was to enjoy the ride.

I kissed my daughter on the forehead as I felt my cum leaking out of her pussy and onto my thigh. I pulled her naked body closer to mine and let myself drift off to sleep.



Bathrobe Mornings Ch. 03
bytwistedjoe37©

** All Characters are 18 years or older **

** This story will make more sense if you read the other parts of the series first **

I woke up Saturday morning to a bathrobe being tossed on my head. My eldest daughter, Honey, lay next to me, her naked body tangled with mine. Heather, her little sister, was standing over the two of us in her thigh length silk robe.

"Hey, what the hell?" Honey complained, pulling her own robe down off her face.

"Wow, you guys are totally naked under there, aren't you?" Heather asked. "You're such perverts."

Honey and I sleepily pulled our robes on while Heather watched us. I'd been fucking my older daughter for weeks, and though Heather knew all about it, she was remarkably accepting of the situation. She even listened at the door sometimes. She teased us occasionally about our incestuous relationship, but other than that life had been pretty normal.

Heather folded her arms as we covered ourselves. She was beautiful, leggy and blond, with tight abs and strong legs that spoke of her status as star soccer player for her high school. Honey was older, but smaller and more petit. Both had full lips and shapely breasts, though Heather was a little more gifted in that regard.

I took my eyes off my younger daughter's breasts. Ever since she'd found out about Honey and me, I had been careful not to ogle her near perfect body. The last thing I wanted to do was make her uncomfortable. The situation was awkward enough as it was.

"So I've decided we need to make a few changes around here." Heather announced. Honey and I looked to each other nervously.

"Sure." I said, scooting over and patting the top of the comforter. Heather didn't move to sit there though.

"If you guys want to fuck, fine." Heather continued. "I don't really care and I know its what both of you want. But I'm tired of walking on egg shells all the time and feeling like a third wheel. So some things have to go back to normal."

"Like what?" Honey asked.

"Like Saturday snuggling. You might be taking care of some of Daddy's... um, needs, but you don't own his bed, and I miss the weekend snuggling we all used to do. We haven't done that since you guys got started and I'm beginning to feel chased out."

"I never want you to feel like that, babygirl." I said, using my special pet name for Heather.

"Yeah, no totally." Honey said and scooted way to one side of the bed. I joined her in making room, and Heather smiled and crawled under the covers with us, with me in the middle of my two lovely girls.

Honey and Heather each lay their heads on my chest, and pretty soon they were talking about going shopping after breakfast. I wrapped my arms around them and enjoyed being surrounded by the two most important women that had ever been in my life.

But as the snuggle session wore on, and my girls rubbed and shifted their bodies against mine, my cock stiffened and grew. Most mornings by this time I had it lodged deep in Honey's tight, wet pussy. But this was supposed to be more of a normal family morning, so I silently willed the erect beast to calm down. It was a futile effort though, and Heather's scent and closeness weren't helping at all. I had to get out of there before Heather saw my condition and decided she never wanted to do this sort of thing again.

"Well girls, it sounds like you have a busy day ahead of you, I think I'd better get showered and get started on breakfast." I started to pull myself up to a seated position, but Heather and Honey both grabbed me tight and wouldn't let me up.

"No daddy, we're still cuddling!" Honey protested.

"Yeah, you can't leave till we tell you." Heather added. But the covers had gotten pulled off us a bit during all this, and when she readjusted them, she got a quick glimpse of what was going on beneath.

"Oh god, he's hard as a rock!" Heather exclaimed and hid her face in my robe. She and Honey both started laughing.

"He gets that way in the morning." Honey said. This made Heather laugh even more, and Honey joined right in. I had to laugh too. The situation was just absurd.

"God you guys are such perverts!" Heather said again.

Eventually the girls calmed down and caught their breath.

"I think you'd better take care of him." Heather said to her sister in a quiet voice.

I couldn't really see Honey's reaction from my angle, but I saw her reach her hand up and begin to stroke her sister's hair.

"What do you mean?" Honey whispered.

"Well... I mean he's obviously got a problem. Help him. You know, suck him off."

Honey kept stroking her sister's hair. "Are you sure?"

"Yeah. It's okay. Really."

Honey kissed Heather on the forehead, and then opened up my robe and kissed her way down to my cock. Heather moved to where she could watch, her head still on my chest. I put my arm around her and held her close while her sister ran her tiny pink tongue slowly up my shaft.

"Like this?" Honey asked.

"Is that how you usually do it?" Heather's voice was thin and quiet.

Honey smiled and placed several slow, wet kisses on my cock, before running her tongue all over it's length. Then she looked to her sister again, and took her hand in her own before taking me into her mouth.

Honey bobbed her head up and down on my hard rod while she held her sister's hand. The only noises were me moaning my approval and Honey's soft slurping noises.

I stroked both my daughter's hair, loving the feeling of Honey's warm mouth. After a few minutes though, I felt my balls start to contract.

"Honey, I'm getting close." I warned.

"Does that feel good when she does that Daddy?" Heather asked.

"Oh yes, babygirl, you have no idea. A little faster, Honey. You're getting Daddy so close."

Honey took her lips off my cock and pulled her hand away from Heather, wrapping it around the base of my dick instead. "Please cum in my mouth, Daddy. Haven't I been a good girl?"

"Oh yes, angel, you've been so good."

"Perverts..." Heather whispered, but she wasn't taking her eyes off her sister, and she was squeezing her thighs together hard beneath the sheets.

Honey sped up her pace, twisting her hand around as she sucked me. I held Heather even tighter to me as I got closer and closer to the edge.

Heather slid her hand under my robe and rubbed my chest.

"It's okay Daddy." She said. "Cum for her. Cum in her mouth."

That was all it took. I made a fist in Honey's hair as I shot load after load of sperm onto her tongue and down her throat. She took it all, just like always. I moaned long and low as I let go.

"Is he cumming?" Heather asked.

"Mmmm. Mmm-hmmm." Honey said as I continued to shoot. She let the cum fill her mouth, and then swallowed it all before making her way back up to my chest.

"Did you like watching that?" Honey asked her sister.

Heather paused for a while before nodding her head. "It was different, but it was hot... I listen to you guys fuck sometimes... I guess you probably knew that. The freakin hallway floor creaks so bad."

"We knew." Honey said. "It's okay. I had a fantasy about you watching me do that. Thanks for making it come true."

Honey kissed her little sister on the cheek and Heather giggled again.

"A whole family of perverts." She said.

"I don't think you're a pervert." Honey told her.

Heather pushed her sister's hair away from her face. "What does it taste like?" She asked, finally.

Honey smiled, pulled Heather close, and French-kissed her.

My two little girls stayed like that for a while, their mouths locked above me, their tongues swirling together, what was left of my semen getting passed back and forth between them. There was no hesitation. It was like they'd done it a million times before. Watching them had me recovering in record time, and I got half hard in seconds.

"It tastes like that." Honey said as their kiss broke. "Only better."

The girls lowered their heads back onto my chest, and we lay like that for a few minutes before Honey announced that she needed a shower and got out of bed. Heather and I followed suit and our day went on as normal, with them going shopping for several hours while I caught up on some paperwork for the health club.

When my girls were little, Saturday night had traditionally been our movie night, but as they got older and busy with friends that had fallen by the wayside. Around five o'clock though, when my daughters got home from shopping, they told me they had rented a couple of DVDs and that we were to watch them this evening. They also informed me that I was ordering Chinese, and lastly that they had bought me a present.

"What did you get me?" I asked. They each had two full shopping bags. I sensed my credit card bill wasn't going to be much fun this month.

"It's a surprise, Daddy." Heather said, and kissed me on the cheek as she walked past.

"And anyway," Honey added "We're going hot tubbing first. Why don't you order the food and grab some towels?"

So of course that was exactly what I did.

By the time I was done ordering and changing into a pair of swim trunks, my daughters were already in their bikinis and in the backyard hot tub, jets going full blast. They'd raided my wine rack and were trying to open a bottle of sweet Italian prosecco without much success.

"Daddy, help!" They said together as I climbed into the tub. Their synchronicity sent them into peals of laughter.

"Sure you girls are old enough to handle this?" I asked as I took the bottle.

"Won't be the worst thing she swallowed today!" Heather shot back. Honey gasped and slapped her sister's arm.

"Oh fine!" She said. "So I'm a big girl and I can have some, but the little virgin here isn't ready for booze."

I popped the cork and both girls shouted out excitedly and grabbed their glasses.

"You know these are wine glasses." I said, filling them. "The champagne flutes are the thin ones."

"These hold more!" Heather protested.

All I could do is laugh and shake my head. "I don't know who raised you girls..."

"You did!" Honey said, and moved to my right side. "And you did a good job, didn't he Heather?"

"Yes." Heather answered, "He did a very good job." Heather moved to my other side. I filled my own glass and wrapped my arms around my angels. We clinked glasses and all went to drink, but Honey pushed Heather's glass away from her lips.

"None for the Virgin!"

Heather laughed and turned away so she could take a quick gulp. She spilled some on herself in her haste, which made her giggle.

"She can't even swallow!"

"Shut up, miss perfect. Besides, you were a virgin yourself until Daddy took care of that for you."

"Wait, what?" I broke in, "No she wasn't, I would have noticed that."

I looked at Honey. She shrugged and drained her glass, bringing a whoop from Heather, who quickly followed suit.

"This is good!" She said. Heather filled both their glasses again. I decided to let the virgin issue drop for the time being. I hoped that the neighbors weren't paying too much attention to our backyard conversation. Luckily, it was starting to get dark.

A bit later, the prosecco ran out and the girls demanded more. I went to get it, and when I came back I saw two wet bikinis crumpled up on the edge of the tub.

"Lose 'em!" Heather said, pointing at my trunks. I handed her the bottle and did as she said, very much liking the way the evening was going. I climbed back into the tub with my dick already half hard. Honey slid her naked body in next to me and wrapped her tiny hand around my cock.

"Mmm. Thank you, Daddy." She said.

"God, you're totally stroking him right now, aren't you?" Heather asked. Honey just kissed my ear in response as my cock grew underwater.

"Knock it off!" Heather added, pushing her sister's hand away with her foot.

"What, you didn't mind watching this morning." Honey said, taking the bottle and filling all of our glasses.

"I know but..."

"What?" I asked.

"Just... slow down a bit, turbo." She said, winking at her sister. "I might want to watch again tonight, and I can't see anything out here, or not well anyway."

Honey laughed and guzzled her drink. I really did have to teach them about the difference between wines and beer, or even shots apparently. But this definitely wasn't the time.

"You know," Honey said, "He's your daddy, too. You don't have to just watch."

Heather stared at the water and then concentrated on drinking her prosecco. We all sat in what was now darkness for a moment, with only the sound of the jets breaking the silence.

The doorbell rang, and I put my shorts back on so I could get the food.

"Showers!" Honey said, and she and Heather jumped out of the tub, wrapped towels around their naked bodies, and ran into the house. Damn it all but in the dark I couldn't get a good look at Heather's naked body.

I went and paid the delivery guy, put the food on the dining room table, and went up to my room to rinse off. As I passed the bathroom the girls shared, I could hear the water running and them whispering and laughing. I guess they decided to rinse off together. It took all of my pathetic willpower not to go ask to join them.

As I was washing the chlorine off my skin in my own shower, I heard the bathroom door swing open.

"Your present is on the bed, Daddy!" Honey said, "Hurry up, we're hungry!"

My present was a black, thigh length silk robe. It felt great. I didn't bother to put on anything underneath.

The girls had robes for themselves as well. Honey's was pink, and she was naked underneath save or a pair of lacy black panties. Heather's was black like mine and she wore a matching set of bra and panties beneath. Both girls looked fantastic. I loved the innocent / sexy mix that Honey had going, and Heather was simply stunning in her outfit. It was about this time that I decided I was the luckiest father, hell, the luckiest man on the planet. Winning the Lottery had nothing on this.

"We figured if we're going to be spending so much time in our robes, they might as well be nice ones." Honey said as I joined them both at the dining room table.

We sat in our robes, eating our Chinese food, drinking more wine, and feeding each other little morsels. The air was electric, both girl's cheeks flushed. I turned the heat up a bit so we would be comfortable in what little we had on. There was no way I wanted someone getting chills and having to cover up.

After dinner we moved to the living room. I reclined on the long couch, Heather took the loveseat, and Honey sat on the floor by my side. With all we'd had to drink we were feeling no pain.

"It's getting kind of lonely in our room these days." Heather said after finishing the last of her wine. "I keep thinking my sister will come spend at least ONE night in her bed but no. How much sex do you guys need anyway?"

"A lot!" Honey said at once. She gave my thigh a squeeze.

"Wow, Dad, you must be really good."

"I try. Gotta keep my little girl happy." That sent both girls into another fit of giggles.

"Seriously though," Heather said, "Honey... did it hurt your first time? Did it... you know... work?"

At this point I gave in to curiosity. The first time I'd put my cock in my older daughter's pussy, there had been nothing in the way to slow it down. I'd assumed she'd had some sexual experience but Heather seemed to have a different idea of it.

"Honey... were you a virgin the first time we were together?"

"Well, no. Not really. Sort of."

"I have no idea what that means."

"I'd never been with a man before. So you were my first. But I'd already had my cherry popped."

"How?" I asked.

Honey pointed to her sister.

"Guilty!" Heather said. "We deflowered each other last year with Honey's vibrator."

Honey broke in. "We were talking about sex and how we both didn't want it to hurt the first time. I have this vibrator that I kind of stole from mom, and we just decided it would be better if we did it for each other. So we did. We were really gentle and used a lot of lube and it was probably so much easier that way."

"But did it work?" Heather demanded, "Did it still hurt?"

Honey shook her head and squeezed my thigh again. My cock was stirring beneath my robe from our conversation. Honey lifted the silk and checked to see how it was shaping up.

"Looks like Daddy likes the idea of us playing around." She said.

"Of course he does. He's a total pervert."

"So you two are sexually involved, then?" I asked.

Heather shrugged. "Not really. We took each other's virginity, and we make out sometimes. Honey taught me how to masturbate a couple years ago. But its not like we spend all night in a sixty-nine. Besides, you pretty much stole her away from me."

I felt a hot pang of guilt. I hadn't even thought about the impact of just keeping Honey in my room, instead of in Heather's. I had four bedrooms in the house but the girls had always elected to share one and they did at their mother's house as well. They were incredibly close. Of course Heather would miss her sister.

Honey crossed over to her sister and hugged her tight. When she did her robe rode up over her panties, giving me a few of her tight little panty clad ass.

"I didn't even think about that!" Honey said, voicing my thoughts exactly. "I'm so sorry. I'll come stay with you more often. I love you so much!"

The girls shared a long embrace, and I went and got another bottle of wine and poured some for myself. When I settled back down on the couch, Honey pulled away and just looked into her sister's eyes. They stayed like that a few seconds, gazing at each other and stroking each other's hair. Then their lips started drifting together, and suddenly my two daughters were kissing deeply, their tongues at play in each other's mouths.

Heather eased down until she was reclining on the love seat, one leg up over the back and the other foot resting on the carpet.

Honey untied the sash on her sister's robe, and began running her hands over her perfect body. Over her c-cup tits, over her rock hard stomach, even over her pussy, rubbing her finger back and forth along Heather's slit, but not beneath the panties. Heather moaned and twisted and ground against Honey's hand.

The girls kissed for several minutes, their passion and hand play growing more intense every second. My cock was rock hard from the show, and I just absolutely could not keep from slowly stroking it as I watched. I could only hope Heather was okay with how fast things were moving.

Honey was the first to break the kiss. She'd taken Heather's bra off and both of them were just in open robes and black panties. For the first time I got a good look at my younger daughter's perfect tits. They were well rounded and very firm, with small nipples hard as pebbles.

"Heather, remember that thing I wanted to do to you a few months ago?" Honey asked.

"When you wanted to... to..."

"When I wanted to taste your pussy."

"Oh god."

"Can I do it now, baby? Please let me."

"O...okay." Heather stammered. She shot a look towards me, but I obviously was okay with it. She closed her eyes as her sister slid her panties down her smooth, strong legs.

Honey shifted Heather around still her little sister was laying at an angle on the sofa. She rubbed Heather's pussy with her thumb, and I could see from where I was that she was already dripping wet.

Honey pushed a finger deep inside her sister, who arched her back like a cat and cried out.

"Feel good?" Honey said with a sly grin.

"Oh god it does. It feels so good." Heather locked eyes with Honey. "Lick me. Please lick my pussy."

"Of course." Honey said, and kissed her way down her sister's body, just like she liked to kiss her way down to my cock most nights.

Honey got her tongue into her sister and went to work. She must have been every bit as good at eating snatch as she was at sucking cock because Heather was going insane, writhing and moaning for all she was worth. It was absolutely the most erotic thing I'd ever seen, and it was an act of will not to speed my hand up and just blow my load all over both of them. I was breathing hard, my body covered in a sheen of sweat. I'd never been so turned on. 


"Oh Honey.... oh god... Honey I'm going to cum! Please don't stop! Don't stop!"

Honey grabbed hold of her bucking sister's hips and buried her face in her pussy. Heather grabbed the back of Honey's head and screamed as she came, grinding her mound onto Honey's lips and tongue.

All I could do was watch as Heather's orgasm washed over her in long waves, and her body went limp into the love seat. Honey moved her mouth off of her sister's pussy and replaced it with her hand, stroking her index finger slowly in and out of Heather's opening while she came down and melted into a euphoric puddle on the cushions.

"Oh my God...." Heather whispered. "I should have let you do that before. That was so incredible."

"You'll have to show me sometime." Honey said, kissing Heather's collar bone. Heather nodded her head absently.

"I will. I will." Heather's eyes opened a crack and she looked to me over on the long couch, raging cock in hand.

"I think Daddy needs a little attention. You aren't too tired are you?"

Honey looked over my way. "No, I'm always ready to please my Daddy. All I have to do is think of him and I get so wet. You wouldn't even believe it. I have to change my panties like three times a day ever since we started fucking."

"Really? Just from getting wet thinking about him?"

"Mmm-hmm. Or from his cum leaking out of me. He shoots a lot."

"Show me." Heather said. "I want to see him cum."

Honey started to move toward me, and I opened my robe all the way for her. She took her sister by the hand and lay Heather's naked body across mine, her face level with my upper thigh.

"Can you see from there?" Honey asked.

"Oh yeah." Heather giggled. "Font row seating."

Honey took the base of my cock in her hand and wrapped her lips around my cock, taking me all the way into her throat and then sliding slowly back up my length until she almost broke contact, and then back down again. Slowly fucking my cock with her mouth, making me moan from the delicious torture of it.

After a couple of minutes of this, Honey released my shaft with a moist pop, and stroked me with her hand while she talked to her sister.

"God, Heather, his cock feels so good in my mouth. I'd suck him off five times a day if he wanted."

"Really?"

"Really. You know what else? I think every good girl owes her daddy at least one blowjob."

"Oh no. Oh God, I can't. He's my dad."

Honey pulled her sister's face towards my dick. Heather didn't seem to be offering much resistance.

"I know. He's my Daddy too. But I'll share him with you. You already let your sister lick your pussy, you might as well see how your daddy's cock feels in your mouth."

"Oh God, Oh God," Heather repeated as she drifted towards me. Then her lips reached my shaft and she took it all into her mouth in one go, moaning like a whore as she sucked me up and down, up and down, her fingers rubbing her own sopping wet pussy while her tongue played up and down my length.

I couldn't take very much more. I'd been on the edge for so long already.

"Heather... babygirl... you're going to make Daddy cum soon."

"Wait." Heather said breathlessly. The look in her eyes was lust itself. The girl was in a trance as she climbed up and straddled my hips. I shifted on the couch to make room for her.

"You're going to fuck him?" Honey asked in a low voice. "You're going to fuck our Daddy?"

"Mmm... fuck." Was all Heather got out. She said it again as her pussy spread open and the head of my cock slipped in. "Fuck." She said, as she eased down onto me, her tight wetness swallowing every inch of me. "Oh God. I'm fucking him, Honey."

"Fucking Daddy."

"Oh yeah. Oh Daddy. I'm fucking you Daddy."

"You feel so good babygirl." I said. "You're making Daddy feel so good."

"Faster Daddy. I need to fuck you faster."

Heather rode me harder, grinding her clit into my hips and taking me in long strokes in and out of her snatch. I realized that I was her first as I felt her body start to clench. Despite their own preemptive breaking of each other's hymens, a woman truly lost her virginity when she first took a man inside her body, and by that rule I was taking my youngest daughter's virginity the same as I had for her sister.

Heather's body seized on top of mine. She came in gasping waves. "Oh Daddy! Oh Daddy! I'm cuuuuming! Daddy!"

"Me too, babygirl! I'm so close!"

"Oh no! I'm not on the pill!"

Heather made no effort to even slow down though. She was telling me not to cum, but it was going to happen if she didn't stop.

"Take it in your mouth then, baby. But I'm going to cum if you don't stop."

"Oh no. Please daddy, don't cum in me, you'll get me pregnant. Please no. No. No."

"Heather you have to stop or I'm going to cum!"

Honey stood suddenly and kissed her sister deeply. I clenched my teeth and held on but I was quickly losing the fight.

"Take it inside you." Honey said, breaking the kiss. "Take Daddy's sperm into your body, into your pussy. I'll lick it all out of you, baby. Do it. Do it."

"Oh yeah..." Heather said in a high pitched whimper. "Oh God!"

"I'm cumming!" I cried out, and let go, sending a torrent of sperm filled semen into my teenaged daughter's unprotected cunt. I filled her with cum, pumping load after load into her. Three shots, four, five, my dick jerking and spewing inside her. "Daddy's cumming in your pussy baby. Oh you should have stopped."

"Give it to me Daddy." Heather said, a tear rolling down her eye. "Give it all to me. Give me your seed. Put it in me. Oh God."

Heather collapsed on top of me, sobbing gently. I held her tight, stroking her hair for some minutes as my cock softened inside her and my cum oozed out of her pussy.

"That felt so good." She said into my ear. "I've never felt anything like that before."

"To me too, baby."

True to her word, when my cock finally slipped out of her sister, Honey rolled her onto her back on the floor and licked my cum from inside her. I doubted it was the most effective method of birth control, but it was definitely the hottest I'd ever heard of.

We all moved to the floor eventually, and then to my bed, where we all collapsed into a naked, spent pile, covered in each other's cum. I fingered Honey to a soft climax while she pushed her tongue into my mouth, and then we all drifted off to sleep.

***

It's been several weeks since that night. Heather didn't end up pregnant, and remarkably, neither did Honey. It turns out neither were on the pill. They still aren't, as both have decided that unprotected sex is "hotter." They take my cum in their pussies some days of the month, and into their mouths the rest of the time. Heather's even learning to take it in her ass occasionally. On nights where the timing isn't good but I just can't hold back from filling one of their tight snatches with sperm, the other sister eagerly practices Honey's oral "birth control."

I've told them what a dangerous game we're all playing. I'm not sure what they'll do if one or both of them get pregnant.

When I talked to Honey about it she just shrugged and smiled.

"If you're lucky," she answered, "it'll be a girl."