Best Present Ever: Bitch Sister
bysilkstockingslover©

Note 1: This is a Christmas contest story...so please vote!!!

Note 2: A special thank you goes to the great people who read my story in advance and give me suggestions and point out errors (Julia...you will always be my pet and Greg...who has sparked a few new ideas for me).

Note 3: As always, a special thank you goes to Estragon for his copy editing. You are a blessing!!!

*

1. PROLOGUE: HOME FOR CHRISTMAS

My sister was a pain in the ass. She always had been and probably always would have been if she hadn't become my personal slut. For my whole life, I have had to deal with the fact that my sister was incredibly hot. Now it wasn't that I didn't know she was pretty, but I didn't see her that way for two reasons:

1. She was my sister and incest was morally wrong.

2. She was easily one of the most shallow and bitchiest girls I had ever known.

While she got the looks, I got the brains. I graduated high school at sixteen and at twenty was in my last year of my college degree. Unfortunately, being smart doesn't get you the chicks and I was a twenty-year-old virgin. I wasn't hideous looking; I was just the epitome of average. Yet, even though I could debate eloquently and with a vengeance, when I was face to face with a girl in a non-academic setting, my brain became mush and I became verbally impotent.

That brings me to Christmas 2011. I came home from Harvard as I usually did during my Christmas break. Also, as usual, my younger sister, who just turned eighteen a couple weeks ago, razzed me, the moment she saw me, "So has my big brother finally got his cane polished?"

My sister had been obsessed with my non-existent sex life for the past couple of years. She kept taunting me with uncomfortable questions like:

"Do college girls spit or swallow, Matthew?"

"Have you fucked some nerdy virgin yet, Matthew?"

"Hey stud. Any luck munching cunt, Matthew?"

Each question was dripping with sarcasm, as she already knew the answer.

Like every other time, I ignored her blunt question, my face red with embarrassment, and walked away.

I heard her call out, "Does big brother need some lessons?"

I kept walking, frustrated that I let my slutty bitch of a sister get to me. In my room, on my laptop, watching porn (a daily or twice daily routine), I closed my eyes and my mind wandered to teaching my sister a lesson; turning off her aggressive bitchiness and making her my little fuck slut. I came all over myself fantasizing about my sister sucking my cock. Once spent, I pondered, was there some way to make this kinky fantasy a reality.

2. BREASTFED BY SISTER

Next day, I had already been up for a few hours when Sandra finally staggered into the kitchen in a thin robe that barely contained her big breasts. She saw me staring at her and asked, shocking me, "Is big brother getting hard checking out his little sister?"

Rattled by the seductive tone and the undeniable evidence growing in my pants, I stammered, "S-S-Sandra, stop it."

Her smile dripped with a perversion I often saw in porn, "Stop what, big brother?"

She walked towards me and I held my breath, nervous, like I get when any girl talks to me. My palms get sweaty and my mind muddled. I attempted to pretend I was not distracted by her body and the white flesh I saw peaking out of her thin robe. "Stop talking drivel."

She laughed, her voice syrupy sweet, "I'll take that as a yes, big brother."

Her hands now on my legs, I stammered, "S-S-Sandra, don't p-p-put words in my m-m-mouth."

She leaned forward, her hot breath on my ear, her hand cupping her breast, "Oh, I have a good idea what you would like in your mouth, big brother."

I let out an involuntary moan, brought on by her hot breath and naughty innuendo, and was paralyzed.

She stunned me again when she squeezed my fully erect cock and with her tongue now in my ear whispered, "Oh my, your cock is rock hard. Are you hard for your sister, big brother?"

My brain no longer functioning at its usual capacity, I responded incoherently with a bunch of grunts and half words.

She bit my ear, her hand rubbing my cock through my jeans, "Has your little sister made you so fucking horny that my Harvard brother can't even articulate a complete sentence?"

Still paralyzed with pleasure and stunned by her inappropriateness, I was unable to answer.

Her breast hit my face and she asked, "Have you ever touched a breast, big brother?"

I shook my head yes, having once touched my chemistry partner's breast by accident.

As if reading my mind, she added, "On purpose and with consent?"

I shook my head no, my humiliation burning.

"Do you want to touch your little sister's big breasts?" she purred.

My conscience attempted to scream no, but was silenced by the little devil in my head.

She gave my cock a solid squeeze and whispered in my ear, "All you have to do big brother is ask and you can see and touch your baby sister's tits."

All the years of loneliness and fantasy had built up inside and instead of doing the right thing, I did the thing that felt right down below the belt and let out in a whisper of a plea, "Please."

"Please what?" she asked, opening her robe a bit to allow me to see more of her white flesh.

I stammered, desperate to see and touch her big breasts that had been untouchable for so long, "M-m-may I touch your breasts, Sandra?"

"You want to touch your baby sister's titties?" she questioned, pushing me even further to the brink of no return.

"Yes," I replied, wanting nothing more.

She let the strap holding her robe together fall to her side, and her big right breast popped out in full view for me. Her nipple was erect, which meant she was getting turned on too from this little charade, and I instinctively leaned forward and took it into my mouth. I knew it was wrong, but it felt so right.

Her moan in my ear was all the approval I needed. I sucked it into my mouth and used my tongue to swirl around it, like I had read about on the internet. She whispered into my ear, "That feels so good big brother. Use your teeth a bit."

Obeying her instructions, I bit her nipple gently and she moaned again in my ear, "That's it big brother, you are such a bad, bad boy."

Being called bad boy turned me on, as I had always been perceived as "Mr. Perfect" or "Mr. Good-Boy". I bit her nipple a little harder and she let out a little yelp and gave a slight chuckle, "You really want to be a bad boy, don't you big brother?"

I bobbed my head in the affirmative, refusing to let her luscious breast out of my mouth. She gave my cock another squeeze and said, "This is going to be your best Christmas ever, big brother."

Suddenly, she pulled her breast away and kissed me on the lips shoving her tongue in my mouth. The sloppy but passionate kiss lasted only a second or two, but it was so intense I could feel my juices flowing like never before. Unfortunately, she broke it too soon and whispered, "All good things come to those who wait, big brother." She pulled her robe back around her body and went back to her room. Just before she was about to disappear from view she turned and added, "And no jerking off big brother. I want you on the brink of pleasure at all times, understood?"

I nodded my head in reluctant agreement, my cock already near the point of no return.

She smiled, "Good boy," and walked away.

I sat in my chair for minutes, waiting for my reaction to her sexual onslaught to calm down, as I reflected on what had just happened. I had just voluntarily attempted incest and wanted to finish the job. I tried to figure out what Sandra had in mind. She was a crazy girl and, I assumed, a pretty big slut, but seducing her own brother seemed unlikely. Yet, how else could you explain the past fifteen minutes? Unless she was setting me up to humiliate me completely. That scenario seemed just as likely, if not even more so than the scenario that ended with me fucking her. What was I thinking? Fucking my own sister was morally wrong on so many levels...yet, the only thing on my mind was making that absurdity a reality. I was even more determined to make my fantasy a reality, I was going to lose my virginity to my sister...one way or another.

3. MY FIRST BLOW JOB...A PLAN EMERGES

That evening, around 11:30, I was in my room doing research for my one of my papers when my phone vibrated.

I reached for it, wondering who would text me at this time of night. It was from Sandra.

Sister: Big brother, get your ass to Beth's house now.

I stared at the phone for another minute when another text came.

Sister: NOW!

I texted back: Fine, I'll be there in fifteen or twenty.

I sighed as common sense had come to me after I had time to think about what had transpired between Sandra and me. Yes, my sister was incredibly hot and I desperately wanted to lose my virginity, but not to my sister. Still, I had decided she could be very helpful in teaching me how to talk to girls, and a party seemed like the perfect place to experiment with talking to girls. They would be younger, dumber, and I would not have to see them at school on Monday if I was rejected. I had also met a lot of her friends and they were all pretty hot and I assumed as slutty as she was. Maybe, she would set me up with one of her friends. Plus, the party was at Beth's house and she was an incredibly hot British redhead friend of Sandra's. On many occasions she had been the main attraction of my stroke fantasies. So I quickly got dressed and drove to Beth's house. Quite a few cars were parked at the house and I quickly realized I was heading into a high school party as a college student. I had never been to a high school party, even when I was in high school, so trepidation quickly filled me. After reconsidering just turning around and going home, I figured fuck it, I am a twenty-year-old man, it was time to stop being a pussy. Suddenly feeling confident, I got out of my car and made my way to the party.

Once inside, there were wall-to-wall teenagers drinking, dancing and making out. I squeezed by the plethora of teenagers, looking for my sister. I was there for fifteen minutes, ignored completely by the masses, before Della, a chubby friend of my sister's, saw me and grabbed my hand and said, while dragging me, "Come with me."

She pulled me, through more throngs of people, downstairs into the basement and to a relatively secluded room in the back. She knocked twice and a few seconds later Beth opened it and walked away. I entered the room and Della closed it and locked it. Once in the room I glanced around and realized I was there with Della, Beth and Sandra. Beth and Sandra were playing some dancing game on the wii. Sandra was dressed in a short tight black skirt, a blue skimpy t-shirt and black pantyhose. She was shoeless; I could see her stocking-clad feet, a fetish of mine I could never truly explain. The sight of a girl's feet in pantyhose was the ultimate turn-on, even though feet without stockings did nothing for me, just another bizarre quirk in my celibate life. Beside her was Beth, also in a black skirt, although not as short, and wearing beige pantyhose, with her stocking-clad feet also in full view. I watched, like a teenage boy, my cock erect, at the two girls moving their bodies to the beat of some song I didn't recognize.

Della sat down on the floor beside the couch, which perplexed me, as the couch was completely empty. Although quite chubby, she was very pretty and had massive breasts that complimented her chubbiness. She was quite shy and seldom said much the few times she had been at our house. I didn't move, but returned my gaze to Beth and her amazing legs. Every once and a while, my gaze would shift to my sister. As soon as my cock was erect, I began thinking with the wrong head and all logic faded away. My mind began to replay this morning's events and I began to think dirty thoughts of my sister and me.

The song ended,Sandra turned, looked at me and smiled, "Hi, big brother." She walked over and gave me a big hug, her large breasts squishing against my chest. The hug was definitely longer than any hug she had ever given me in the past, but not overtly sexual. However, after having her breast in my mouth a dozen hours earlier, the hug enhanced the sexual tension inside of me. When she let go, she kissed me on the cheek and walked to the couch, joining Beth who was already sitting down. Sitting down beside Della, her eyes never leaving mine, she surprised the shit out of me when she ordered, "Della, my feet are sore, please rub them like a good girl."

I let out an audible gasp as Della, without a word, proceeded to take my sister's stocking-clad left foot into her hands and began massaging it.

I continued to stare at the bizarre scene. I looked back to my sister. Her smile broad, confident and seductive, she asked Beth, "Are your feet sore too, Beth?"

Beth responded in a far too scripted way, "Actually, yes Sandra they are killing me."

Sandra asked Beth, "Would you like my big brother to massage your feet for you?"

"That would be lovely," she said, her British accent making my cock twitch.

Sandra looked back to me and said, ever-so-sweetly, "Would you be a dear, big brother, and massage Beth's aching feet?"

I prayed this was all part of my sister's plan to get me laid as foreshadowed this morning. If Beth was my first fuck that would be a legendary story. My cock leading the way, I walked over to the couch and knelt beside Beth. I eagerly took her sweaty left stocking-clad foot into my hands and began to massage her it. Her purple painted nails looked so sexy and enticing, covered by the beige coloured pantyhose.

My sister explained Della's position to me as both beauty queens received foot massages. "So big brother, since you so obediently obeyed my request, I think I can explain what is expected of you. You are going to be my personal servant whenever you are home. This includes massages, getting me things, doing my homework and other, undisclosed, things." Beth chuckled at the implication, as I assumed, of some things sexual.

"You see, at school, parties and cheerleading practices I have my own personal full service servant, Della here, isn't that right Della?"

"Yes, Mistress," she replied, never looking up from her current task.

My head spun with the power my sister had over this sweet chubby girl, and the power she assumed she had over me. It was the final straw. All the past two years of her condescending attitude over me had come to a breaking point and I decided it was time to turn the tides on my sister. My mind began racing at the opportunity of not just fucking my sister, but turning her into my personal full-service servant. She was like so many characters in the stories I read, dominant in theory, but really that was just a facade to her real sexual needs...to be controlled. I was suddenly determined and convinced I could make this happen, but I needed to set it up. So for the time being I would have to play along. Sandra continued, patting the chubby girl on the head, "Good girl. Now big brother, are you willing to be my unconditional full-service home-servant?"

Faking an eagerness to build her confidence and imply my weakness, "Yes, Sandra."

"You will obey my every command?" she questioned.

"Yes," I agreed, way too quickly to be considered anything more than eager to comply.

"Good boy," she purred. "Do you want to fuck Beth?"

"Yes," I replied, this time with no attempt at manipulation.

"If you earn your keep, you will get to do exactly that, fuck the tight cunt of my best friend," Sandra bluntly announced, clearly showcasing her dominant power among her group.

I looked at Beth whose face was red, seemingly embarrassed by the offer my sister had presented to me, but she said nothing, showing the hierarchy of the group. Clearly Sandra was at the top of the cheerleader power play, with Beth beneath her and Della at the very bottom.

I briefly pondered if Beth too was a submissive to my sister. I switched feet and Beth let out a slight moan. Sandra asked Beth, "Does my brother give good foot massages?"

"Fucking amazing," Beth moaned, her British accent making it sound even naughtier.

"Well, I better check it out for myself. Della go massage Beth's feet while my big brother does mine," she commanded.

Della and I switched places, making eye contact briefly. In her eyes I saw her embarrassment at how she was being treated, but also an excited eagerness to please, like so many subs I had read about. I took my sister's stocking-clad foot into my hand and began massaging. I should note that I completely understood the science of a massage, and was pretty confident that I could get any women rather horny just by using the right amount of pressure and hitting the right spots...like I had been doing to Beth.

The room was silent as I attempted to trigger my sister's erogenous zones in her foot that would bring spasms of pleasure throughout her whole body. A slight moan escaped her lips a couple of minutes into the foot massage and she eventually spoke, "Oh my, big brother, you are very good at this."

I responded, pretending I had no clue what I was doing, "Oh really, I have never done this before."

"Hmmmm," she moaned, as I put pressure on a spot I was pretty sure would bring her tingles of teasing pleasure.

A couple of minutes later, Sandra talked to Beth as if I wasn't there. "So, Beth, as I began to tell you earlier, my brother has a pretty big cock."

Beth asked, "Have you seen it?"

"Not yet, but I got a solid feel while he was nursing on my breasts," Sandra announced.

"What?" Beth gasped, clearly surprised by her best friend's revelation.

My cock had been in an awkward erect position in my pants for a while now and I could no longer resist shifting its position. I tried to do it slyly, but my sister noticed. "Is giving your baby sister a foot massage getting you hard, big brother?"

Faking embarrassment, I stammered, putting my head down, "Y-y-y-yes."

"Stand up, big brother," she ordered.

I reluctantly let go off her stockinged foot, a touch I could hold onto forever.

"Show us your cock, big brother," she demanded, her voice dripping with sexy sweetness.

Playing the game, pretending to be insecure, I responded with nervousness, "No, don't be silly." In reality, even though I was a virgin, and very nervous around women, I knew I had a pretty big cock. I had done a lot of research on normal size and so forth. I was a little over 8 inches long. And for some reason, maybe because I had turned this whole silliness into a challenge to defeat her and make her my sex slave, I was no longer nervous. I was determined.

"Now!" she demanded, her sexy sweetness gone. It was clear she was not used to having people say 'no' to her.

I shifted to fake pleading. "Please, Sandra, not here, not in front of other people."

Her smile returned, "You have already agreed to be my personal servant."

Again feigning innocence, I argued, "But that didn't include showing my penis."

"Your penis," she cackled, "now that is funny. Don't you mean your cock?"

I lowered my head again and pretended to be a prude. "I can't say that word."

"Say it!" she ordered, her smile gone, her tone demanding.

I whispered, so quiet no one could hear it, "Cock."

"Louder!"

I repeated the word loud enough to be heard, "Cock."

"Show us your cock," my sister demanded.

"Please don't," I pleaded one more time.

"Now, slave!" she ordered, pushing the envelope.

Deciding to look completely whipped, defeated and weak, I responded, making a very conscious word choice, "Yes, Mistress."

As I began to unbuckle my pants, her smile returned and her tone implied complete triumph, "Mistress, I like that big brother. For now on when we are in private, you are to refer to me as Mistress Baby Sister, is that clear?"


"Yes, Mistress Baby Sister," I replied, like a brainwashed sub, as I allowed my pants to drop to the floor.

She pulled up her skirt a bit, opened her legs and tore her pantyhose at the crotch. I got a quick glimpse of her pink pussy as she was apparently commando. She demanded, "Slut, get to work."

I watched as Della quickly crawled between my sister's legs and dove into my sister's pussy.

Sandra continued talking to me as if it was normal to have someone between her legs while talking to her brother, "Now your underwear, big brother."

I discarded my underwear and released my fully erect cock to my sister and her beautiful redheaded friend. "Oh my," Beth said, the impressed look on her face sending a chill up my back, and building me with much needed confidence.

"Oh my, indeed," my sister concurred, staring at my stiff cock.

"Do you want to fuck it, Beth?" my sister asked, thoroughly matter-of-fact.

"Five minutes ago I would have politely declined, but now I may have to reconsider," she said, standing up and walking over to me.

My sister offered, "Well, you better go and inspect the merchandise."

Beth laughed, but surprised me by dropping to her knees. Her British accent was so sexy as she complimented me again, "I shouldn't, but fuck, it looks so damn tasty."

She took my cock in her hand and slightly stroked it. A spasm quaked my body and I was worried I might come.

Sandra, leading her on, teased, "Go ahead Beth, suck it. You know you want to."

Beth looked back at Sandra and challenged back, "You want me to suck his cock, don't you?"

Sandra shrugged, acting all innocent, "Maaaaaaybe."

Beth turned back to me, looked up from her subservient position, "So Matthew, do you want me to suck your big cock?"

"Desperately," I responded, no longer playing a game with my sister.

Beth looked back at Sandra and said, "Last chance to stop me. I know you want to suck it too, Sandra."

Sandra shrugged, "Maybe, maybe not. But for now I will be content watching my big brother get his first blow job."

Beth smiled up at me, "Matthew, you would get a lot more pussy if girls knew what you had hidden behind your geeky exterior."

Before I could respond, Beth opened her pretty little mouth and leaned forward. Her warm mouth felt more amazing then anything I had ever felt before. My body melted and my mind went to mush. She began slowly moving up and down on my cock, taking about half of it in her mouth. In less than a minute, I could feel the undeniable boiling in my balls and knew I was going to come soon. Deciding to throw a slight amount of doubt into Sandra's master plan of sibling dominance, I grabbed Beth's head and held it in place as I quickly face-fucked the gorgeous red-headed cocksucker. She let out a surprised sound, but after only a couple of pumps between her sweet lips I was shooting my cum down her throat. When I was done coming, I let go of her head and quickly apologized, stammering for full-effect, "I-I-I am so sorry B-B-Beth, I don't know what came over me."

I looked up at Sandra who seemed surprised by my aggressive action, but seemed just as quickly to fall for my blithering idiot apology. Beth looked up at me surprised as well, but instead of being angry, responded, yanking on my cock one last time, "No problem, Tiger. I like a man who knows what he wants." Standing up, she turned to my sister and added, "Your brother's cum is yummy."

Sandra moaned, as Della between her legs was clearly getting her horny as well, I assume, she was also getting horny from my little show with Beth. Sandra trying to re-establish her power in the room over the rest of us, demanded, "Get me off, my sub, now."

Della's head began to move back and forth a bit and I saw her right hand disappear between my sister's wide spread legs. I watched intently while pulling my underwear and pants back up.

I announced, "Well I should get going."

"Don't you want to watch your little sister come?" she pouted dramatically.

"If you wish, Mistress Baby Sister," I responded, attempting to manipulate her by giving her a deceiving amount of confidence.

"I wish, big brother," she moaned, grabbing Della's head and pushing it deeper into her pussy. "I'm so close, big brother. Watching Beth suck your big cock was so fucking hot. Be a good sub for me and you can fuck Beth. You can also fuck Della, she loves it up her plump fat ass. Ummmm, yes, I'm coming big brother, yes, yes, yeeeeeees!"

The thought of fucking Beth was enticing, as was the thought of getting in Della's back door, but I was now more determined than ever to lose my virginity to the hottest girl I knew...my sister. I watched my sister collapse back on the coach as an orgasm exploded through her. Deciding now was the perfect time to leave, I looked at Beth and said, with sincerity and befuddled innocence, "T-t-thanks Beth, that w-w-was awesome."

Beth chuckled, "No problem, Matthew, the pleasure was all mine."

I had a witty comment back, but decided not to make it and said, "I hope to s-s-see you again, Beth."

Beth responded, "You never know."

"Oh, I know," Sandra said, adding her two cents' worth.

I gave a half wave and left the room and the party and drove home, my mind spinning deviously. Tomorrow I would start my plan to make my sister, my slut.

4. A PLAN IN ACTION

Sandra didn't come home that night doing who knows what with who knows who, and didn't arrive back home till the evening of the 23rd . I had a variety of ideas to turn my sister, but they all required being alone. Now that was no longer an option. Mom and dad were home and we were watching the news when my little sister dropped on the couch beside me.

Mom asked, her tone implying the answer better be no, "You are not going out again, are you?"

"No, Mom," she replied, "the 23rd is tradition."

"Good," Mom responded, clearly relieved.

The 23rd was always Christmas movie night, a tradition since as long as I can remember. Sandra picks the first movie and I get second choice.

Sandra squeezed my leg subtly as she used it to push herself up. She stretched, her tight jeans leaving nothing to the imagination, and said, "I am going to get in my jammies, then it is time to watch Home Alone."

Mom stood up also. "Well, I will go make popcorn and hot chocolate while everyone else gets comfortable."

I too got up and went and changed into my evening wear. My parents' house is quite chilly in the evenings, so it usually includes flannel pyjamas. In my room, I took off my jeans and, on the spur of the moment, with a potential plan popping into my head, I also discarded my underwear. I threw on my flannel pyjamas and returned to the couch. I grabbed a blanket, one big enough for Sandra and me, and waited. The genius of the plan spinning in my head was that the way the living room was set up, both Mom and Dad sat on their favourite chairs, and neither could see us without turning back, which they seldom did. My plan relied on oblivious parents and my blanket. Sis returned in what could in no one's definition be called pyjamas. She wore a halter top that barely held in her big tits and Lulu Lemon short shorts. It was the exact outfit I imagined when I fantasized about an all-girls' slumber party. She smiled at me and joined me on the couch, slithering under the warm blanket before either parent saw her whore-wear. I wondered if she was thinking of toying with me in the same manner I was planning on toying with her. It was a game of sexual chess, and I was a whiz at chess.

Mom returned with popcorn and hot chocolate and like the 1950s June Cleaver Mother she was, she made sure we were both comfortable before the movie started. As the movie began, my head spun with how and when I should initiate the plan. Knowing we were watching two movies, I played it cool throughout the first movie. Sandra attempted to distract me by putting her hand on my leg a few minutes into the movie, but she was clearly not as confident and brazen, with our parents in the same room, as she had been in the kitchen just yesterday. I decided to make my move when the bad guys in movie were finally inside Kevin's house. It was now my turn to be brazen. I grabbed her hand, and in one quick lightning strike, led it inside my pyjama bottoms to my semi-erect cock.

She let out a surprised yelp and both my parents turned around. My Mom asked, "Anything wrong, Sandra?"

Her face flushed, her hand wrapped around my cock, my parents completely oblivious to the incestuous act currently happening right behind them, and she covered well. "Oh nothing Mom. I just always jump when Kevin almost gets caught."

My dad chuckled, "Oh Sandra, you never change."

I thought to myself, 'If you only knew the half of it, dad.' The movie continued and I looked at my sister, my timidity now gone, my confidence now growing along with my hard-on. I reached under the blanket and, using my hand, made it clear what was expected...a hand job.

She smiled, seemingly impressed by my aggressive out-of-character action, and began slowly stroking my no- erect cock.

The rest of the movie flew by as my hot sister slowly stroked my cock. The movie ended, and when dad stood up, Sandra went to pull her hand out of my pyjamas. I grabbed her hand, startling her, and held it in place. My dad turned to me and asked, still oblivious to the power struggle happening right in front of him, "So what movie next, Matthew? Let me guess, Jingle All the Way."

Every year since I was eight, I had picked Jingle All the Way, an Arnold Schwarzengger Christmas movie that was just so bad, yet I loved it. I wanted to be the Turbo Man when I was a kid. I let go of my sister's hand and, as I expected, she didn't move it off my cock, and said, "Of course, Dad."

He shook his head, "Well you two are nothing if not predictable." I barely was able to let out a laugh at that comment.

My Mom asked, "Any more popcorn for you two?"

"Sure Mom," I replied, "and some egg-nog too, please."

"Sure thing honey," Mom replied, before asking my sister, "And how about you, Sandra?"

Clearly flustered by the fact that my cock was in her hand with our Mother inches away, she was barely able to answer, "S-s-sure Mom, egg-nog would be fine."

"Are you ok?" Mom asked, leaning in and putting her hand on Sandra's forehead, "You are not getting sick are you? You are really flushed."

Sandra stammered, going even redder, "I-I-I'm fine, Mom. It's just a bit hot in here."

Mom stood back up, "Well, you have no fever. That is good. Hate for you to get sick before Christmas. Make sure you get lots of liquids in you."

"OK, Mom," she finished, as Mom left the room. Dad stretched, "I'll be back in five, I need to check my e-mail."

Once alone, Sandra hit me with her free hand and said, "Oh my fucking God, Matthew, that was so close."

Knowing this was a key moment in the power shift I was implementing, I said, my tone implying who was in charge, "Sandra, are you wearing panties?"

"Yes," she replied, slightly confused by the frank question.

"Get rid of them," I ordered, before taking her hand out of my pyjamas and standing up.

Her facial expression was exactly what I expected, bewildered, yet impressed.

"What is big brother planning to do?" she asked, in a whisper.

"Just do as you're told," I replied in a dominant tone and walked away, leaving her hopefully stunned and more importantly, obedient.

I went to the bathroom, praying my plan was working, that my assessment of my sister's sexual needs was right.

Just as the movie was about to start, I sat back down beside my sister, and asked, "Mom, do we have any baby carrots?"

"I think so," she responded, "let me go check."

She left and returned a couple minutes later with a bowl of baby carrots. I thanked her for being the best Mom in the world and the movie began.

Knowing that anticipation is half the battle in any situation of control, I watched the first half hour of the movie without touching or even looking at my sister, but I could tell she kept glancing at me, wondering what I had in mind, or if I was just bluffing. Finally, I made my move. I put my hand under the blanket, moved between her legs and as expected learned she had obeyed my request. I patted her pussy through her short shorts and reached for the carrot bowl with my free hand. I could tell she was watching me closely and curiously. Yet, her face also showed, for the first time in memory, nervousness. I put the bowl on my lap and took one carrot. I looked directly into my sister's eyes with a confident smug smile, the same one she had used on me so many times, as I put my hand back under the blanket. I grabbed her hand and with some awkwardness got her to hold her shorts open so I could have easy access to her cunt. Her eyes went big when she realized what I was about to do. I slid the carrot into her cunt, fucked her with it for three quick strokes, and pulled it out. My eyes never leaving hers, and my smile never changing, I tossed the carrot into my mouth.

Sandra's mouth was wide open in stunned shock. I reached for another carrot and surprised her again when I slid it into her cunt and left it there. Her eyes remained wide, like a girl in a horror film, as she realized what I had just done. I inserted a second carrot and she just looked at me stunned, paralyzed by the turn of events, the shifting of power. A third followed, as did a fourth, fifth and sixth, each time she bit her lip to not let out a moan. As I reached for a seventh, she shook her head no. I shook my head yes and inserted a seventh carrot inside her gaping, but now quite full, cunt. I reached for an eighth carrot and she again shook her head no, this time quite adamant. I smiled and moved my hand underneath the blanket one last time. She pushed my hand away and I gave her a glare that seemed to startle her. I inserted an eighth carrot, barely, inside her and slowly pushed her legs together. The look on her face as she attempted to not let out a moan, grunt, etc, was priceless, better than any MasterCard commercial.

I had her return her hand to my cock. She took it in her hand and began stroking it again. My confidence rising, I allowed her to just sit there, carrots filling her cunt as I returned to watching the movie. About fifteen minutes later, knowing I was close, I decided to take a big risk. I touched her mouth with my finger and pointed to my cock. She shook her head no, clearly mortified by my suggestion. I pointed to my parents who were, as often happened, both asleep in their chairs.

I repeated the suggestion, this time reaching for her head. She again shook her head no, but as expected didn't resist as I slowly pushed her head down onto her brother's cock. She took it in her mouth and I held her head there as I slowly pumped my cock in and out of her mouth, my parents just a few feet away. If they were awake, there was no way they couldn't hear the slight slurp sounds she made as she tried to not gag on my cock as I face-fucked her. In less than a minute, I shot a load of cum into my sister's mouth. I kept pumping my cock between her lips until I was spent. I let go of her head and she moved back up and gave me a glare that should have scared me, yet only made me more confident that I would have her as my complete fuck-toy soon. I used my hand to open her legs again and pulled out a carrot. I popped it in my mouth and winked at her as I pulled up my pyjamas just as the movie ended.

Without warning, seven carrots still deep inside my slut sister, I said, "Mom, dad, wake up, the movie is over."

Sandra sat up startled, closing her legs and letting out a whimper as the carrots still inside her teased her.

Mom rubbed her eyes and stretched before getting up. She looked at Sandra and said, "Honey, you are still flushed. You should probably go to bed and get some rest."

Sandra gave me a look that could kill and agreed, "I suppose, I am pretty tired." She wrapped the blanket around her and slowly stood up. It was all I could do to not burst out laughing.

Mom grabbed some dishes and Dad remained snoozing in his chair. Sandra glared at me one more time before heading to her room, walking so cautiously I couldn't help but chuckle. I smiled, knowing she was going to be completely mine...soon.

5. TURNING HER COMPLETELY

I woke early the next morning in anticipation and preparation for the finishing move of my game. I had breakfast with Mom and Dad and they went off for their half-day workdays, promising to be home by lunch or shortly after.

Once they were gone, I stretched and went to put my final plan in action. One thing I knew was that my sister was a sound sleeper, which was perfect. I went to my parents' room, grabbed some of my Mom's pantyhose, and sneaked into my sister's room. My sister was still in the same attire as last night and was sound asleep. I reached her bed and slowly pulled her arm up until it reached her metal headboard. I tied her right wrist snugly to the headboard and, as expected, Sandra didn't even stir. I then gently rolled her onto her back and quickly tied her left wrist to the headboard as well. Content that she was restrained, I got naked and crawled between her legs. I pulled her legs apart and slowly pulled down her shorts. I was pleased to see she hadn't bothered to put any panties back on. She was still dead to the world, but I hoped not for long. I moved back to my sister's pretty mouth and started tapping her lips with my cock. I said, "Wake up, sleepy head."

She let out a groggy moan, but didn't move.

I continued tapping my cock on her lips and said, as I reached with my right hand to tap gently on her clit, "Baby sister, time for you to learn your place as my submissive."

She let out an uncontrollable moan at my touch and her eyes attempted to open. She went to swat away my cock, but realized she couldn't. She was awake in a heartbeat and staring at me and my cock.

"What the..." she began, but I shoved my cock in her mouth.

As my cock filled her mouth, I explained, slowly fucking my sister's mouth, "I figured something out at the party the other day, baby sister. Although you play at being domineering with me and your friends, deep down you need discipline. My conclusions were confirmed last night when you obeyed my panties order, allowed me to shove carrots up your cunt and, of course, when you swallowed my load with Mom and Dad just a few feet away. All this time, as I thought you were teasing me out of spite, you were actually a very typical case of bully syndrome, hiding your true needs behind a false front. But I saw through it, you are a slut. A dirty little slut who has craved having her big brother fuck her forever, haven't you?"

I pulled out my cock gag so she could respond. As expected, she played shocked, desperately attempting to hide her true needs and desires. "You sick fuck. Untie me right fucking now."

"Oh yes," I said, "your words say one thing, but your slut cunt says another. I bet if I touch your cunt right now it will be wet, probably drenched thoroughly, maybe even leaking a bit. So baby sis, what will I find?"

"Matthew," she pleaded, knowing her pussy would betray her, "please don't."

"Really, baby sis? I think you want me to touch your cunt, don't you?" I asked, my hand sliding down her belly and stopping just above her pelvis.

"No, I-I," she stammered, clearly stunned by the turn of events.

"Beg your brother to check your pussy, little sister," I demanded. I gave one soft slap on her clit with two fingers.

She let out a loud involuntary moan and begged, "Please, Matthew."

I wasn't sure if she was pleading for me to stop or continue, but decided to go with the latter and slid two fingers deep inside her very damp pussy, she let out a scream. "You are pretty wet, baby sister. Did the thought of becoming your big brother's fuck-toy get you all wet?"

She looked at me with a mixture of frustration, desperation and horniness as my fingers pumped her pussy. "Fuck Matthew, what's gotten into you?"

I shrugged, and played on her words, "I don't know, but I do know what is soon going into you."

I pulled my fingers out and she surprised me by pleading, "Matthew, don't stop, I was sooo close."

I moved towards her face and placed my cock at her lips. "Don't worry sister slave, if you are a good slut, I will make sure you come like you have never come before. Now get your big brother nice and hard so he can fuck your hot cunt," I ordered.

She sighed, but moved her head, as best she could, being bound and all, and took my mushroom top between her lips. I said, "I want you to worship my cock. It is your Master now too and you should treat it like the sacred cock it is."

She didn't respond to my declaration, but used her tongue with amazing precision as she teased just my cock head. It felt fucking amazing and way better than the quick blow-job under the blankets last night. I watched my beautiful sister, my cocky stuck-up bitch of a sister, suck my cock and I smiled. I moved closer so she could suck my cock better and demanded, "Deep throat me, baby sister."

As if she was programmed for complete obedience, she began to gobble my cock, bobbing back and forth like the Energizer Bunny. Making the blow-job even more amazing was she never seemed to slow down. It was obvious she had sucked a lot of cock and I was going to take advantage of her skill. Getting close, I waited till the last possible second, and gave my sister a full facial. My cum sprayed out in three thick streams and hit her hair, forehead, nose, cheeks and lips. It was the hottest thing I had ever seen in person.

"You fucker!" my sister blasted, "you could have at least warned me."

"I am sure I am not the first to cover your pretty face with cum, am I?" I asked, reaching down and rolling her left nipple in my hand.

She let out a soft moan at my touch, "No, but that's not the point."

Pinching her nipple, I asked, "So I have to ask. Did you plan to let me fuck you or were you just teasing me?"

She let out a yelp. "Honestly, it started as a game. But when I felt how big your cock was I began to consider it."

"And now?" I asked, twisting her nipple just a tad.

"Do I have a choice?" she whimpered.

"Touché," I smiled, letting go of her nipple. I stood up and began to leave.

"You are not leaving me here," she asked, surprised by my sudden departure.

I turned around, "All good things come to those who wait."

"Get back here, you bastard!" she called out, as I walked out smugly. I went to my room, grabbed my Iphone and returned to my sister's room.

"Say cheese," I said, and took a picture.

"You bastard! Don't you dare take pictures of me!" she exploded.

"Ta-ta-ta, my baby sister," I teased, snapping off a few more pictures, including a couple of close-ups of her cum-coated face. "You do remember who is in charge, don't you? These are just for prosperity. Although they may also come in handy if you decide to not be the obedient little slut I expect you to be."

I crawled between her legs and said, "Your cunt is actually leaking a bit. Being your brother's slut is turning you on, isn't it?"

"No," she argued, "I am always horny in the morning."

"Me too," I chuckled, rubbing my hand on her clit. "Do you want me to lick your slutty cunt, sister?"

She moaned again from my touch, "Yeeeeees."

"Beg, slut!" I demanded, tapping her clit.

"Fuck, Matthew, you are one sick fuck. Please eat my cunt, big brother. Make your baby sister come," she begged, clearly getting turned on by my fingers.

I smiled, adding, as my finger slid back inside her wanton cunt, "And you agree to submit unconditionally to my every command?"

"Yes, dammit, I need to come so bad, big brother," she moaned and pleaded, succumbing to me as I knew she would.

"Good girl," I purred, and buried myself between the legs of my hot sister. Having never tasted a pussy before, I was not sure what I was expecting, but it was neither amazing nor disgusting, but rather a pleasant sweetness. Having read an abundance of porn, I had a vague idea what I should do and began to slowly lick her pussy lips. As her pussy lips glistened with her juices and her moaning began to increase, I moved up and took her clit in my mouth. I swirled my tongue around it while sucking it in my mouth.

Sandra screamed, "Oh my bloody God, Matthew, don't stop. Make your baby sister come."

Knowing she was close, I let go of her clit and sat up.

"Nooooooooooooooooo," she pleaded.

I moved between her legs and placed my still erect and ready for round two cock at the entrance of her sweet cunt. Her pleading face quickly changed to a smile as she asked, "Oh, is big brother going to fuck his new slut?"

I tapped my cock on her clit, quick hard taps.

She moaned, getting into it, "Is big brother going to lose his virginity to his baby sister?"

I moved my cock between her sopping wet pussy lips, but not in, feeling just a bit of warmth.

"Oh please, big brother, let your sister take your virginity. I want to feel that big hard cock in me," she moaned, moving her ass up trying to get my cock in her.

"How bad do you want it?" I asked, resisting the temptation to just bury my cock inside her.

"So bad," she moaned.

I reached for my iphone and turned on the camcorder and demanded, "Declare your servitude to me."

She sighed, but gave a riveting performance, "Oh big brother. I am your whore to do with as you please. I will suck your cock and swallow your cum whenever you wish. I will climb on your cock and ride you until you shoot your cum up my pussy. I will bend over and spread my ass cheeks wide as you pound my ass. I will have my sluts crawl over to you and submit to you. You own me. Now please shove that big hard cock of yours in your sister slave."

Pressing pause on my iphone, I slid my cock inside her sauna of sex. She moaned loud and continue her verbal naughtiness, "Oh yes, big brother fuck your sister! Fuck her hard!"

Obliging, I leaned down, so my face was buried between her big firm breasts and I began thrusting in and out as fast as I could. I was in pure heaven. Every fantasy I had of losing my virginity was nothing to the utter pleasure that I was experiencing with my cock buried in my sister's warmth.

"Suck my tits, big brother. Just like you did the other day," she moaned.

I did, going back and forth between her lush breasts, sucking, nibbling and biting. Every once in a while I got so intoxicated playing with my sister's big melons, I stopped fucking her. But a kick in the ass from her and I resumed pounding away.

Finally, she was close as I felt her cunt muscles tighten around my cock as she screamed, "Oh my God, big brother, I'm coming, I'm coming all over your big hard cock."

I leaned up and shoved my tongue down her throat while I fucked her through her orgasm. Our tongues swirled around each other and I began to feel my second orgasm coming. I asked, "I'm going to come soon, my slut. Are you taking birth control?"

"Yes, Master, now cum inside your sister slave," she moaned.

The word Master was like a lightning bolt straight to my cock and in seconds I was coating my sister's cunt walls with my cum.

She bucked her ass up, meeting each thrust as she screamed, "Yes Master, fill me with your seed. Yes, yes, yesssssss."

Once I was spent, I collapsed on her and rolled to her side. She looked into my eyes with complete bliss. After a few seconds she asked, "Master, can you untie me?"

I responded with a smug smile, "Master, I like that."

She replied, "I can't explain it big brother, but as soon as your cock filled me I knew then that this was more than just some perverse game."

"How so?" I asked, untying her left hand.

"I can't explain it. At first, your new attitude pissed me off, then it turned me on, but once you shoved that big snake in me, I knew I was yours."

I finished untying her other wrist and she surprised me, by pushing me onto my back and taking my cock back into her mouth. I decided to test how far she would go. "Baby sister, if you keep sucking my cock, the next place I am inserting my big cock is in your ass."

My sister kept bobbing up and down for a few more seconds before saying, "Well, let's go for the natural hat trick."

I wasn't a big sports fan, but knew that a natural hat trick was three goals in the same period.

"But first, I want you in pantyhose," I demanded.

She smiled, "Do you have a nylon fetish?"

I shrugged, "I love a woman's legs and feet in nylons and expect my sluts to always, and I mean always, be wearing them."

"Yes, Master," she responded, standing up, "Do I have a treat for you." She went to her dresser and pulled out some white pantyhose. She returned to the bed and slowly, seductively, slid them onto her legs. It was then I realized they were not pantyhose, but stockings. My cock flinched as soon as I saw her toes covered in silk. I instinctively pulled her foot to my mouth and sucked on her toes. "Oh my, you really are a fetish freak, big brother," she giggled.

I continued this for a few minutes, while Sandra stroked my cock with her hand. Finally, I said, "Do you have any lube, slut?"

"Yes, Master," she replied and disappeared into her bathroom. Returning a minute later she tossed me the lube.

I ordered, "Get on all fours like a good pet, baby sister."

She obeyed and I coated my cock and her butt crack with a generous amount of lube. Rubbing my cock between her ass cheeks I asked, "Are you ready for your big brother to fuck your ass, baby sister?"

She pushed her ass back searching for my cock, "Yes, Master. Just shove your cock up my shit-hole. Fuck your slave's ass."

Her dirty talk was amazing and I slowly pushed my cock between her ass cheeks. There was a slight resistance as I tried to break through her anal wall, but once I had penetrated through it, my cock easily slid inside her ass. She let out a whimper and moaned, "Master, go slow please, your cock is much bigger than others that have filled my ass."

I slapped her ass, "I am just going to kneel here behind you my slave and you can fuck my cock."

She moaned again and slowly began to ride my cock. At first, her movements were tentative and slow, as if priming me for the main attraction. After a couple of minutes of this slow ass-fuck, she began to get used to my big cock and began to move faster. Soon 6 inches of my cock were disappearing between her ass cheeks and I watched in complete satisfaction as my stocking-clad slave sister bounced back on my cock. I grabbed each stocking ankle for balance as she picked up the pace. A mixture of moans and whimpers escaped her mouth, although she seemed so focused on what she was doing, the dirty talk had quit. As my seventh inch disappeared I realized what she was doing. She was determined to take all eight inches of her big brother's cock up her rectum. With each little bit more that disappeared inside her, another whimper escaped her mouth. It was clear she was feeling both the thrills of such complete submission and the agony of a massive cock in her ass.

Then suddenly, without warning, she leaned forward and then in one quick push back took all eight inches of my cock inside her ass. She screamed, "Oh fucking mother of Jesus." She just sat there, seemingly allowing her ass to adjust to the cock filling her completely. Then slowly she began to move back and forth, fucking herself on my cock. Once she got used to the eight inches inside her ass, she began to accelerate her pace and after a few minutes of steady increase she finally began to actually bounce back onto my cock, her ass crashing into my thighs. They were hard, fast, deliberate, ass tearing thrusts that filled her even more than she could ever imagine. She moaned, she whimpered, she began breathing erratically and I saw her right hand go to her pussy. She began rubbing herself frantically while continuing to impale herself with my eight-inch rod. Finally, she screamed, "Oh my, oh my, oh my God, yes, I'm coming again, sweet Jesus, I have never come like this Master, fuuuuuuuck, yes."

She began shaking and was clearly orgasming from having her ass fucked. Watching her quiver on my cock got my balls boiling and I pushed her onto her chest and drove into her ass, fucking her deep and hard.

Each deep thrust had her letting out indescribable grunts from the awkward position as we both bounced off the bed like it was a trampoline. Two, maybe three, minutes later I collapsed onto her as my semen filled her ass, completing the tri-fecta of sexual satisfaction. After finishing filling her ass with my cum, I just lied there on top of her as my cock, stiff for over an hour and a half, finally began to shrivel inside her.

Now exhausted, I rolled off her and onto my back. She turned to her side, faced me and said, "That was amazing Matthew. I never knew you had that side of you, so strong and powerful."

Smiling I said, "Well, you made the temptation too impossible to resist."

Looking at the clock, Sandra said, "God, I am never up this early."

I shrugged, "It's ten."

"Exactly," she responded.

"Well the 'rents will be home by twelve-ish. So I should explain the ground rules. But first, is Della your only lesbian sub?"

She smiled, devilishly, "Why do you want to know?"

"Because I own you now," I explained, "that means there are no secrets between us."

"Oh," she said, I think finally realizing just so far I planned to take this.

"So...."

"I have a couple of others," she answered.

"Who?"

"One is Allison, she is my nerdy science lab partner, but she is sooooo obedient. The other is someone you do know," my sister teased.

"Yessss."

"It is Mrs. Raske," she revealed.

"No...way," I replied. Mrs. Raske was our next door neighbour and the poster card for MILF. She always wore two piece bikinis outside and just radiated a sexuality that was impossible to not masturbate to. Not to mention she was the Mom of my biggest nemesis and bully when I was young.

"Way," she replied, flicking me on the nose, "and she is a nymphomaniac."

"I can't believe it," I replied, stunned.

"And she has a plan that is actually quite devious," my sister informed me.

"What is it?"

"She wants to seduce Mom," my sister announced, revelling in this naughty knowledge and her ability to still shock me.

My Mom is also quite attractive still. Slightly chubby, but large breasts, sexy legs, gorgeous feet and a smile that makes one melt. I can truthfully say the thought of fucking my Mother had never even occurred to me until my sister revealed this news, even though I had on rare occasion masturbated about her...then it became all I could think about. I asked, trying to play it casual, "How is the plan coming along?"

"Ok. She has given Mom a massage and got Mom wearing a two piece bikini when she tans."

"Wow," I said to no one.

Sandra stood up and asked, "So can I go and wash your cum off my face now?"

"Sure slut," I responded, and then instructed, "but you are to wear stay up stockings or garter-belt and stockings at all times now."

"Of course, Master," she said, with a slight bow.

"And, I want to fuck Beth," I announced, attempting pushing my luck.

"I can't promise that, but she was talking about it after you left last night. As Della brought her to one last orgasm last night she even said if you had not left she would have fucked the shit out of you," my sister informed me.

"No," I said, stunned by the knowledge.

"But," my sister smiled, and said in a surprisingly sincere tone, "I am happy you left. I am happy I was your first, Matthew."

"Me, too, Sandra," I smiled back.

"One more thing," I said.

"Yes, Master," she asked.

"I want to fuck Mrs. Raske. That would be the ultimate revenge on that prick Tyson," I smiled to myself.

"Yeah, he is still a fucking loser," she confirmed, and added, "She will fuck you in a heartbeat, although a bit tougher during the holiday season."

"I leave on January 3rd, I better have fucked Beth and Mrs. Raske, by then," I teased.

"Wow, what have I unleashed?" she smiled, devilishly.

"A long dormant desire, my pet," I responded, standing up, my cock fully erect again.

She smiled, "You are insatiable. Come join me in the shower, big brother."

I did indeed come with her in the shower...and in her.

The End...

*

Best Present Ever: Cheerleader Orgy
bysilkstockingslover©

Note: Although not necessary, reading part one (Best Present Ever: Bitch Sister) will explain how Mathew goes from being a nerdy virgin to a dominant Master over his gorgeous, stuck-up cheerleading sister.

Note 2: A special thanks goes to Estragon for his dedication to copy editing my work and making me a better writer.

*

Christmas was pretty anti-climactic after the gift I gave myself...my bitch sister.

With so much of the family arriving and staying with us for Christmas it was impossible to get any alone time to continue my training of my slave sister. I did make it clear that she was suppose to find a way for us to be together on Boxing Day, preferably with her friends.

While we were unwrapping presents with the whole nuclear family in the evening, a family tradition that goes back over 100 years, Sandra whispered in my ear, "I got us a rendezvous for tomorrow afternoon, Master."

Calling me Master, even quietly, in a room full of family was fucking hot and had my cock revved up and ready to go. I gave her a nod that showed my approval and continued my Christmas unwrapping, my mind already looking ahead to tomorrow's presents. I wondered if she got any of her subs to agree; if so, who? I also wondered if Beth would be there as she was the one I really wanted to fuck.

The next couple of hours were chaos, and it was past ten before I got to ask my sister any questions. "So slut, what is tomorrow's plan?"

She smiled, being coy, "Boxing Day shopping, of course."

I warned, "Don't make me punish you."

Her smile stayed. "Maybe I want to be punished."

"I'll remember that," I responded, a devious plan of role-reversal already in my head.

"Anyway, Allison is out of town, and so is her family, but I have keys to her house," my naughty sister revealed.

"She is your lab partner, right?"

"Yes, you and she might really hit it off. She is applying to Harvard as well," my sister answered, thoughtfully.

"Interesting," I replied, acting uninterested, even though I was very curious. This bio partner was obviously smart, which was a turn-on in its own way. I was instantly curious what she looked like and how someone so supposedly intelligent could succumb to my sister. The only logical explanation was insecurity. Pushing the curiosity to the back of my mind, I asked, "And Beth?"

"I told Beth everything and she is quite eager to watch you and me go at it."

"She does realize I plan to fuck her, right?"

"I imagine she knows it is a possibility," my sister responded, giving my cock a squeeze, before adding with a pouty face, "You are not hard."

I shrugged, "And Della?"

"She will be there too," my sister revealed.

"Excellent!" I exclaimed, a naughty, naughty plan unfolding in my head. "And what time is this gathering taking place?"

"I suggested two. Della has a family supper at her grandmother's, Beth has shopping plans with her Mother in the morning and I, of course, would like to do a little Boxing Day shopping myself," she explained rather thoroughly, which I liked. She clearly didn't want to upset me.

I suggested, "And I expect you to buy something special for tomorrow."

She blushed, "You are so naughty, Mathew."

I winked, gave her voluptuous breasts one quick squeeze and went to the kitchen.

BOXING DAY

I too went shopping in the morning, buying a new digital camera in HD, the Lord of the Rings extended version box set on Blu-Ray and a choker for my sister, which I planned for her to always wear as a constant reminder of who owns her.

Sandra texted me the address where we were to meet and I arrived, on purpose, a few minutes late. I knocked on the front door of the stranger's house and was greeted by chubby Della in her cheerleader's outfit and beige thigh highs completely in view with her short cheerleading skirt not able to cover any part of them. Her pink painted toenails, so clearly visible in her sandal-foot stockings, had my cock instantly interested. She greeted me, "Come on in, Master."

Clearly she had been given instructions from Sandra. I followed her into the living-room where Beth and Sandra were already sitting down. Della immediately went to my sister's feet and between her stockinged legs. All three sexy girls had on the exact same stockings and cheerleading outfits. I watched quietly as Della licked my sister's pussy, my sister still trying to keep the image of power she had in her clique. But that was about to change.

I ordered, "Slut, get over here."

Both Della and my sister turned towards me. I said to Della, "Not you Della. I am talking to the biggest slut here...my slave sister."

"Mathew," she whispered, suddenly ashamed by the treatment she was being given; ironic considering it is how she treated Della, and I assume her other pets.

"What, slut?" I asked, my tone implying I wasn't in the mood for disobedience.

"Nothing," she retracted, walking over to me.

"On your knees," I ordered.

She obeyed, looking back at Beth nervously.

I smiled, "I bet Beth loves watching you being put in your place."

Beth's slight smile gave me the affirmative answer I was expecting.

I bent down and put the black choker around my sister's neck. "This is to always be worn. It is a constant reminder of your place...as your brother's personal fuck-toy slut. Is that understood?"

Her teary eyes showed hints of crying, but no tears flowed as she answered, "Yes, Master."

"Now Della, let's see those big tits," I requested politely.

Showing no signs of nervousness, she quickly pulled her cheerleading uniform over her head, revealing a white bra and panties set. Her huge breasts were barely able to be held in check by the lace bra. I asked, "What size are your breasts, Della?"

"40DD," she answered, just as she released them from captivity. Her breasts were completely captivating and mouth watering.

I walked over to her, leaving my sister on the floor, and said, "Do you like being a submissive to my sister?"

She broke eye contact with me and said, rather unconvincingly, "Yes."

"Why do you obey her?" I asked.

Still refusing to make eye contact with me, she replied, "I don't know."

I chuckled, "You must know, Della. No one becomes a dyke slut without knowing why. So why?"

She whispered, "To be popular."

"Ahhhhhh, the truth," I proclaimed, pausing, "will set you free."

I took one of her breasts in my hand and I felt her shiver, clearly uncomfortable with my touch. "Why are you letting me touch your breasts?"

"Because your sister told me to do whatever you asked," the submissive girl admitted.

"So if asked you to bend over and take my cock in your ass, you would?"

"Yes," she whispered, so quietly no one other than me could here.

"Would you enjoy it?" I asked.

"No," she answered.

"Have you been fucked in the ass before, Della?"

"No."

"But you would allow me to take your anal virginity, right here, right now?" I asked, attempting to make the submission as absurd as possible.

Della still had not made eye contact with me as she again confirmed her obedience with a slight nod.

I asked for confirmation, "And all this submission to my sister and Beth is simply to be popular?"

She shook her head yes and surprised me by looking up and defended herself. "You don't understand. I have been treated badly based strictly on my weight."

I interjected, "You are not fat, Della. You are chubby, or as Marilyn Monroe was described, voluptuous."

She blushed, obviously flattered by a rare comment. "I used to be a lot larger," she admitted.

I let go of her large breast and explained, "Della, I know exactly what it feels like to feel out of place. To be judged based on appearances. Actually, I assume you have judged me too. But I finally had enough of the judging and being treated like a doormat. Didn't I, baby sister?"

My sister still on the floor answered, rather seductively, "Yeah, the mouse finally roared like a lion."

I returned my gaze to Della and said, "Look at me, Della."

She looked up into my eyes. Her blue-green misty eyes were beautiful. I attempted to build this insecure girl's confidence, "Della, you are a beautiful woman with lots going for you, your eyes are enchanting, your smile is seductive and, of course, your breasts defy gravity."

Clearly not used to flattery, she stammered, "T-t-thanks."

"And I have a gift for you," I said. I paused for dramatic effect before ordering, "Sandra, go take off your new Mistress's panties."

"What?" Sandra asked stunned by my order.

"I think my order was pretty clear. Get your whore ass over to Della," I ordered. When she didn't immediately obey I roared, "Now, slut!"

My sister gave the deadly glare that had crushed me so many times before. But I was no longer intimidated by her facade of power and I returned a glare just as menacing. A brief power struggle followed, but it was short lived as my sister began to stand up.

Making it clear that I was Master and she was the slave, I added to the humiliation, "Crawl."

She fell back to her knees and crawled slowly. Her head down, avoiding eye contact, she obeyed my order, and eventually reached Della, who was unable to control her smile. Once my sister reached her chubby friend, I repeated my earlier command, "Baby sis, take off your new Mistress's panties."

My sister looked back at me her eyes pleading for a reprieve, one I refused to give. Sandra then slowly reached up and tentatively removed Della's panties.

Once they were off, I spoke to Della, "Today, Sandra is your sub. Sandra beg Della for the privilege of being her dyke slut."

Sandra was mortified by the turn of events, but looked up from her subservient position and asked, "Della, may I please be your sub?"

I scoffed, "That wasn't believable, you can do much better than that."

She sighed too, but upped the ante when she got nasty, "Della, may I please lick your pussy and pleasure you like you have me so many times?"

Della looked to me and then, her confidence building, just as mine had, she ordered, "Get licking, slave."

Sandra had to reach up to reach Della's pussy. The scene was oddly perverse and arousing. I glanced over to Beth, who was watching her best friend submit sexually to their joint sub.

The scene lasted a couple of minutes before Della, clearly uncomfortable standing, ordered, "Sandra, crawl to the couch."

Sandra obeyed, her face slightly shiny from Della's juice.

Della, beginning to get more comfortable with her new position of power, ordered, "Clean my soles with your tongue."

Sandra's look showed her unhappiness with the order and her new position, but she obeyed lifting Della's right foot up to her face.

I looked at Beth, who was avidly watching the power shift, and walked over to her and said, "Are you enjoying the show, my sweetness?"

She looked up at me and asked demurely, "And why do you want to know?"

I was suddenly nervous. I know I could fuck Sandra or Della now, but it was Beth I craved. I attempted to be suave. "Because someone looks like she needs a late Christmas present."

"I do, do I?" she answered, with a coy smile, her British accent adding to the playful seduction. Her hand went to my stiff cock, "Is this my gift here?"

"Yes," I answered, "and it is a present that keeps on giving."

"Really?" she teased, rubbing my cock. "Can I unwrap it?"

I nodded, a mixture of excitement and nervousness overwhelming me."

She smiled and unzipped my pants and allowed them to drop to my knees. Grabbing my cock in her small hand, she teased, "What a big present! I'd better wrap it back up."

She leaned forward and took my cock in her pretty little mouth, wrapping it back up. Watching my biggest stroke fantasy with her mouth full of my cock was amazing. Having not come yet today, I knew my first load would come quick. Her sweet mouth and the way she slobbered up my cock, creating a whirlwind of sensations also accelerated my quick release. Within less than two minutes, I shot my load down Beth's throat. The great cocksucker that she was, she swallowed every drop and kept bobbing up and down.

Nearby, Della, getting into her new role of power, demanded, "Eat my pussy, captain," her tone bitter and sarcastic. I glanced over in time to see my sister's head disappear between Della's slightly chubby legs.

Once my orgasm was completely done, I pushed her onto the couch and spread her legs. She was wearing pantyhose with a hole where her pussy was and no panties. I didn't even know such things existed. I kissed her pantyhose clad thighs as she moaned softly. Nearby, I could hear Della's increased breathing. I was tempted to bury my face between the British goddess' legs but wanted to saviour this dream come true. I also wanted to get her excited enough to beg me to fuck her. I moved across her uncovered and slightly glistening pussy, my hot breath deliberately making my presence felt, but kept moving until I reached her other thigh. I kissed, nibbled and licked all over her leg, teasing her relentlessly. Her moans became a constant rhythm and increased the second shy sweet Della screamed, "I'm coming slut, keep licking me!"

Seconds later, Della's undeniable orgasmic scream filled the room and spurred Beth on. "Enough of the fucking foreplay stud. I want that big cock of yours in me." Having any girl say that to me was hot, but in Beth's British accent it was even hotter.

I looked up and smiled, teasing her the way she used to tease me when I was just Sandra's nerdy older brother, "All in good time, my girl."

Instead I moved to her glistening wet pussy and began licking. Slow at first, just barely making contact with her swollen pussy lips. She lifted her ass, up attempting to make contact, but I backed away. I wanted it clear I was in control here.

She whimpered, "Please, just shove that big cock of yours in me."

Instead, I sucked her clit into my mouth in one sudden movement.

She screamed, "Oh God, yes!"

Just as sudden, I let it go and returned to a slow tease.

Della, nearby, ordered, "Go get your brother ready to fuck Beth."

I continued my teasing pussy-pleasing without looking up.

My sister asked, her tone humble and obedient, "Master can you open your legs so I can crawl between?"

Without moving my head, I opened my legs and felt my sister crawl between them. It must have been an absurd scene. A broad smile crossed my face as I reflected how quickly things had changed between her and me. As I began to put more pressure on Beth's delicious pussy lips, Della joined making my original twosome a foursome. Della concentrated her attention on Beth's perky breasts while I teased and pleased her down below.

Her moaning increased to heavy panting and she begged desperately this time, "Please, Mathew, I need your cock in my cunt so fucking bad."

Smiling at her desperation, I tested her resolve, "All you have to do to feel my big hard cock in you is beg Della to straddle your pretty face so I can watch you eat pussy."

Beth, who I knew from conversations with Sandra, had allowed Della and a couple of others to please her, had never returned the favour, although Beth and my sister had made out at a party for their boyfriends once.

Beth looked at me with a look of frustrated desperation before giving in completely, "Della, can I please lick your pussy?"

Della glanced over at me with a smile, before straddling Beth's pretty face.

I watched as Beth extended her tongue and tasted her first pussy. Keeping my word, I took my cock out of my sister's sweet mouth and repositioned myself so I was ready to fuck my British dream girl. I tapped my cock on her clit, which triggered uncontrollable moans and twitches.

She whimpered between licks of Della's pussy, "Please, Mathew, I need your cock in me so fucking bad."

I finally obliged her wanton lust and made her begging and my fantasy come true at the same time. I pulled my cock out of my sister's sweet lips and slid it between Beth's pussy lips. The second I slipped between her glistening pussy lips I was in heaven. Her warmth numbed me as I slowly filled her pussy with my cock. Once all in, I began to slowly fuck her, taking my time as I wanted to savour every second inside her oasis of juice.

Her moans only enhanced the sensations I was feeling, knowing I was responsible for those moans of sexual pleasure. After a couple of minutes of slow and steady fucking, I ordered my sister, who was watching this perverted threesome, "Come suck on Beth's clit while I fuck her, baby sis."

Without hesitation, my sexy sister moved bedside her best friend and took Beth's swollen clit in her mouth.

The double sensation had Beth writhing in pleasure as I shifted from slow steady thrusts to deep fast thrusts. The scene was porno movie hot and within a couple of minutes of the double pleasure Beth screamed bloody murder as an orgasm tore through her body. Both Sandra and I continued our focused pleasing all throughout Beth's orgasm.

Once I thought she was done, I demanded, my confidence brimming, "Let's reposition ourselves. On your knees on the floor, Beth. Della sit on the couch and offer our British slut your sweet cunt. Sandra crawl underneath Beth and suck on her sweet cunt."

Very quickly, I watched as my directions were followed faithfully. Once the three were in position, I watched the lesbian threesome with manly satisfaction. A few minutes later, with both Beth and Della moaning louder, I moved behind Beth and slid my cock back into her pussy. Unlike my slow thrusts the first time, this time it was about getting me off. Each hard thrust forward had Beth's face slammed into Della's cunt.

I was just beginning to get in a proper rhythm when Beth begged, "My arse, fuck my arse, baby."

It took a moment to figure out what she was begging for, for me to fuck her sweet ass. My dream come true just kept getting better and better. I slid my cock out and rubbed it between her ass cheeks. She begged again, "Don't tease me baby, just fill my arse with your cock."

Now desperate to do just that, I spread her ass cheeks apart, found her tiny rosebud and wondered how the hell my cock would fit inside such a small hole.

I placed it at her anal entrance and slowly pushed forward. It was so tight and that penetration seemed impossible. I paused with just the very tip of my cock inside her. Suddenly she pushed back and my cock slowly disappeared inside her ass. It was so tight I wasn't convinced I would be able to fuck her. The decision was made for me when pretty British Beth began to fuck herself on my cock. She started slow as her tight ass got comfortable with my big cock. The tightness was the most incredible feeling ever and because she fucked me slowly it kept me revved up but not close to climax.

Beth's moans increased again as she got accustomed to the cock in her ass and the pressure on her clit from her best friend. Time seemed to stand still as I experienced my first foursome. Once in a comfortable rhythm, Della pulled Beth back to her pussy. The naughty foursome continued for a long time before Della reached her second orgasm, soon followed by Beth having her second orgasm from me as she screamed, "Oh god yes, your cock feels so fucking good in my arse, baby. Yes, oh yes, oh yes, oh-oh-oh-oh fuuuuuuuck, I'm coming from your arse-fuuuuucking!"

Her body quaked around my cock and enhanced the sensation and I knew I would soon follow. I grabbed her ass and began to pound her hard even as her orgasm continued to thunder through her. Finally close, I pulled out of Beth's ass and shoved my cock into my sister's mouth. I fucked her face like it was a pussy and unloaded a full stream of cum in her mouth. Once spent, I fell back onto the couch to catch my breath. I snapped my fingers and my sister obediently crawled between my legs and cleaned my cock. 



Beth beside me said, "That was fucking amazing."

I smiled, "You were not bad yourself."

She slapped me teasingly.

Della, surprising all three of us, said, "I hope you have enough left for me."

I smiled, "Of course, Della, I definitely would love to titty-fuck you."

Della smiling, moved between my legs and replaced my sister, taking my still hard cock in her mouth.

Beth, surprising me as well, demanded, "Sandra, get over here and lick my pussy like a good slut."

Sandra looked surprised by Beth's dominant attitude, but obeyed, crawling between Beth's legs.

Beth and I looked at each other and smiled, secretly sharing a moment. We both allowed ourselves to be slowly teased and primed for more over the next fifteen minutes.

Della finally took my cock out of her mouth and straddled me on the couch. She easily swallowed my cock with her wet cunt and began to slowly ride me, her massive breasts directly in my face. My mouth watered and I took her right nipple in my mouth and sucked on it eagerly.

Beside me, Beth attempted to prove her newfound power over her best friend by demanding, "Lick my arsehole, Sandra."

I glanced over and saw Sandra's disgusted face, but as Beth assumed, Sandra did as she was told. I smiled at my sister's utter collapse in her social hierarchy, before returning my focus to Della's voluptuous tits.

Time seemed to stand still yet again, as Della slowly milked my cock and I milked her tits.

Beth moans increased, and I saw she was fingering herself while my sister rimmed her arse.

Della's moans increased simultaneously as Beth's did and she began riding me faster.

Both girls started moaning louder in unison and came together a minute later. Della was clearer a squirter. I felt her juice leak onto me as she continued riding my cock through her orgasm. Once her orgasm had subsided, I flipped her onto her back and slid my cock, wet from her juices, between her luscious breasts. She squeezed her tits together and I fucked her melons. It wasn't as amazing as a pussy or an ass, but the obscene act was enough to get my balls boiling. Della, who had said very little to me all day, suddenly talked dirty. "Shoot your cum on my tits, Mathew. I want to feel your hot cum between my tits."

I granted her request a few seconds later as my third orgasm shot out of me. My cum covered her tits as I finished pumping all over her voluptuous breasts. Once done, I watched as Della scooped up my cum and bathed her breasts with my cum. It was fucking hot.

The four of us exhausted, having all had multiple orgasms, except for my sister who had yet to reach orgasmic bliss, sat on the couch speechless.

Sandra broke the silence begging, "Master I need to cum."

I got up, went to the kitchen and returned with a long, thick cucumber. I handed it to her, "Have at it, slut."

Realizing that was her only option to having her long withheld orgasm, she opened her legs and began fucking herself with the cucumber. She closed her eyes and pumped her cunt furiously. Suddenly Della leaned forward and sucked on Sandra's left breast. Beth too joined in, leaning down and licking my sister's swollen clit. The triple sensation was the final push that broke her dam and she reached orgasm with a tidal wave of juice. Her scream echoed through the room, as she frantically fucked herself through a much-needed orgasm.

I watched the act in voyeuristic glee as I started to get dressed.

All three girls collapsed again on the couch and all three looked up at me as if awaiting their next orders.

I looked away to the pictures on the wall. An eight-by-ten on the wall, of a cute, nerdy, brunette stared at me hypnotically. She was so cute. I asked Sandra, "Is that your science partner?"

Sandra nodded, "Yes, that is Allison. She is a female you."

"How so?" I asked, curiously.

"Well, until this week anyways when you changed. She is a genius, incredibly timid, easy to manipulate and a very quick learner," Sandra explained. "I even offered her a tour of your college that you would give her sometime...she wants to major in psychology too."

"I see," I replied distantly, my mind already pondering my next move. "And she is your sub too?"

"Yes," Sandra asked, adding, "but not in the same way as Della or Mrs. Raske. She was just looking for somebody to show interest in her and to treat her like a sexual being and not just a brain. She was easy to seduce, but both times we've been together she has eagerly obeyed my orders."

"Hmmmm," I mindlessly responded, pondering how Allison and I could work. I asked, "When does she return?"

"On the 30th, I believe," my sister informed me.

"I want to meet her," I announced.

"That could be arranged," my sister smiled, but added, "she is not a slut like Beth, Della and me though. Plus, she is a virgin."

"I don't want her to know about your submission to me, is that understood?"

"Of course," Sandra replied.

"Good," I finished, "I am out of here. You three feel free to play as you wish."

I was just leaving when my sister informed me, "There is a New Year's Party next door on the 31st and I definitely think you should come with us."

"Who is hosting it?" I asked.

"Tyson," my sister answered, but added, "Mrs. Raske will be chaperoning."

I smiled. "Excellent." I winked to all three and left them alone hearing Della demand, "You two, massage my feet." I turned back to see both popular perfect bodied cheerleaders fall on the floor and to the feet of their former sub.

I closed the door smiling...many more devious ideas spinning in my head.

The End...for now....

Coming in the future: Best Present Ever: MILF Neighbor

Best Present Ever: MILF Neighbor
bysilkstockingslover©

Summary: With sister's help on New Year's Eve, he fucks his MILF Neighbor.

Note 1: This is the third part of the Best Present Ever series. In Part One (Bitch Sister), Matthew turns the tables on his bitch sister making her his personal sex slave. In Part Two (Cheerleader Orgy), Matthew has a fun foursome with his sister and two other cheerleaders. Of course, I suggest you read the first two first, but this is a very brief summary of one crazy week in the life of our nerdy, well-equipped protagonist.

Note 2: Thanks to MAB7991 for his editing expertise.

BEST PRESENT EVER: MILF NEIGHBOR

It was the 31st of December and other than a quick blow job from my baby sister Sandra, life returned to normal. The family had done our traditional double feature at the movie theatre we did every December 27 (I have no idea why, but it had become a tradition nonetheless), I met up with my old buddies for an all-night Marathon of Dungeons and Dragons on the 28th, and spent the 29th working on a paper in the day and played board games with the family and grandma, minus sis who was working.

That night, while the family played taboo, Sandra texted me.

Allison is back and she will be coming to meet you tomorrow afternoon...she is dying to learn more about Harvard.

I smiled, although I hadn't met her yet, there was something about her I couldn't quite place. Oh sure I enjoyed fucking my sister and Beth, but their shallow personalities and vapid intellect was annoying. Allison was an intellectual and obviously a submissive sexual being...maybe I could have the best of both worlds...a submissive girlfriend who I could actually converse with at a higher level than 'I need shoes to match this outfit.' I hated stupid and vain people.

On the 30th, I shot an early load down Sandra's throat and continued on my research paper until Allison arrived later that afternoon.

Her shy smile enhanced her adorable dimples, her crystal blues eyes sparkled behind her too nerdy for her own good glasses and her brown hair in pigtails had me smitten the moment I met her. Unlike Beth who I just wanted to fuck, Allison I wanted to get to know before I fucked her.

Sandra introduced us. "Allison this is my big brother Matthew," she said slyly stressing the word 'big'.

Allison shyly said, "It is very nice to meet you."

"You as well," I smiled, "I hear from Sandra that you are hoping to attend Harvard."

"That is my dream," she replied, a sudden twinkle in her eyes.

The next hour we talked academia and I was instantly smitten with her. Unlike most insipid girls, I could actually have an intellectual conversation with her. I asked her if she would like to come down to Harvard for a tour sometime. She was giddy at the offer and we agreed on a date in February if her parents approved, which they would, and I asked if she would like to go out to a movie tonight.

Her face went flush as she stammered, clearly surprised by my offer, "I-I-I can't. I am spending New Years babysitting."

"Oh, ok," I replied.

She quickly added, "But otherwise I would love to."

"Well, I fly out on the second, so are you free tomorrow afternoon for a matinee and dinner," I asked.

"S-s-sure," she stuttered, clearly excited by the idea of a date with me, something I was not accustomed to.

"It's a date," I announced, clarifying any doubt she may have had of my intentions.

"Ok," she said, seemingly as surprised at my request for a date as I was to have a girl say yes for a date.

We chatted some more before she had to head back home to get ready for babysitting after she said goodbye to my sister.

Once she was gone, Sandra popped into my room and said, "You sly dog, a date. What are you planning on doing, adding her to your harem of whores?"

I instantly got defensive. "No slut, I actually want to date her."

Her face went red, but she didn't respond like she would have a week ago before she became my little sister slut slave. Instead, she asked, "So what is the plan for tonight?"

"Mrs. Raske is my New Year's Eve gift to myself," I answered. Mrs. Raske is our hot MILF neighbor and mother of my high school nemesis Tyson. But, best of all she is Sandra's lesbian pet and has guaranteed she will obey me.

"She will love you," Sandra said, before adding, "but doing her at her son's party may be a challenge."

"I want to have my cum leaking out of her while she talks to him," I added.

"You really are a conniving bastard," Sandra smiled, clearly liking my plan.

"Make it happen," I ordered.

"Will do, big brother," Sandra agreed.

.....

Although still farfetched I had also began planting the seeds for the potential seduction of my mom. I had been complimenting her, giving her hugs, kisses on the cheek and spending more time around her. She noticed, "What has gotten into you, Matthew? You haven't paid this much attention to me in years?"

"Living at college makes one realize how much motherly nurturing is critical to proper psychological development," I said, which was true, although I knew that years ago.

"Well anytime you need me, I am here for you," Mom offered, giving me a hug.

I smiled thinking what I needed her for as I said, "I plan to take you up on your offer very soon."


.....


At the party, I came in with cheerleader Beth, who a few days earlier would have rather died than have been seen with me. She had her arm hooked in mine with a big smile on her face, feigning to be oblivious to the surprised looks she was getting.

Having a popular cheerleader on your arm changes everything. Suddenly I wasn't the geek kids mocked, but the college dude dating the hottest chick at their school. It was extremely gratifying, especially when Tyson saw me at the party.

"What the fuck are you doing..." he began than froze when he saw Beth holding my hand."You got to be kidding me."

Beth spoke for me, "Matthew is here with me. Do you have a problem with that?"

Tyson glared at me, but said, "No, no problem at all."

Beth smiled, "I thought so."

Once Tyson walked away, Beth whispered, "He acts tough but he is a pussy with a small cock."

"You fucked him?" I asked,

"If you can count his cock in me as fucking," she shrugged, which had me laughing hard.

Beth said, "I am going to find your MILF slut-to-be."

"You do that," I said.

The next hour I learned what high school parties were like, all the ones I hadn't been invited to. Although dancing with Beth in such tight quarters was fun, the whole scene was not. Getting bumped into by drunks, having drinks spilt on me, the loud repetitive dance music was annoying. Finally Sandra gave me a nod from afar, her hand in the air to imply five minutes and my cock grew instantly. A song later, Beth and I squirmed our way through the throng of drunk, insipid high schoolers.

Eventually we meandered our way upstairs. Beth knocked on a door three times and a moment later it was opened by Mrs. Raske who was clearly nervous and uncomfortable. She stammered, "C-c-come in."

We quickly did as she closed and locked the door.

"Get back to your task," Sandra demanded, sitting on the edge of the bed, her legs spread open.

"P-p-please my husband will be home in half an hour," she pleaded.

"Then you better hurry," Sandra demanded.

She looked at me, humiliation all over her face, dressed classy in a red cocktail dress, black pantyhose and three inch heels. She turned away and went to my sister, dropping to her knees and leaning forward towards my sister's pussy.

Beth surprised me also dropping to her knees and retrieving my fully erect and awkwardly positioned cock from my pants. Without a word, she took my cock into her mouth and sucked like the pro she was.

Sandra said, "Matthew, I hate to rush you, but we sent Mr. Raske out for more ice and appetizers. We don't have a lot of time to use our slut."

Deciding to impress Mrs. Raske with my control over two of the hottest girls around, I said firmly, "Sandra come and get my cock ready."

Sandra didn't hesitate as she moved off the bed and joined Beth on the floor, both cheerleaders now worshipping my cock.

Mrs. Raske turned around, but remained on her knees as she watched the two girls take turns sucking my cock.

"Hungry, Mrs. Raske?" I asked, smiling with the newfound confidence that the past week had given me.

Surprisingly, her earlier shame had disappeared completely as she crawled towards me with a hunger in her eyes like a predator going in for the kill as she answered, "I am famished Matthew."

Reaching me, Beth and Sandra moved away and the sexy MILF looked up at me as she reached for my cock. "How long have you fantasized fucking me Matthew?"

I groaned, "Since I was old enough to stroke myself off."

She opened her mouth and took my cock between her lips. She bobbed hungrily for a couple of minutes, deep throating me with ease, and somehow creating a tornado like sensation in her mouth with her lips, tongue and excess saliva.

Taking my cock out of her mouth, she looked up and said, "I want to feel your cock in me sexy, but my husband will be home soon. So please fill my mouth with your cum and then meet me at midnight across the street at the Wilson's for the best New Year's Ever."

I looked at my sister and she explained, " Apparently the Wilson's are gone for the week and she has the keys because she is sort of house sitting."

"What about your husband?" I asked, moving my cock around her sexy lips.

"Don't worry about him," she smiled, taking my cock back in her mouth.

Her lips were like a vacuum as she gave me the most amazing head I had experienced in my brief experience. I knew I wasn't going to last long and moaned as she bobbed back and forth with such beautiful perfection. "Does my new fuck-toy want my cum?"

She grabbed my ass cheeks and pulled me deeper into her mouth than I thought physically feasible and then grabbed my hips and moved them back and forth.

I was confused at first until Sandra laughed and said, "Fuck your slut's face."

Catching on, I grabbed Mrs. Raske's head and began pumping my cock in and out of her perfect lips. The cocksucking sounds were loud and the tornado sensation, plus the reality of a long held fantasy coming true was too much and I shot my load into the MILF's mouth.

As I slowed down, she returned to her hungry bobbing, retrieving every last drop of my cum.

"He's home," Beth called out from where she was standing by the window, she had been keeping lookout for Mr. Raske.


Mrs. Raske slowed down, swirling her tongue around the top of my now sensitive cock head, not panicking about being caught in such an act. Finally, she allowed my cock to leave her mouth and she stood up smiling. "That was delicious, Master."

I tried to hide my awe as I replied, "That is nothing my pet. Wait till I get you alone at midnight."

Looking at me, she purred, her tone dripping with submissive sexiness, "I can't wait."

I pulled my pants up just as there was a crash at the door, thankfully locked, followed by Tyson's voice, "Mom are you in there?"

I could have hid, but instead made sure Mrs. Raske was respectable before I opened the door.

"Hey, Tyson," I greeted, smiling smugly. The look of confusion on his face was priceless.

"What the hell are you doing in my parents' room?" He asked, instantly pissed.

"Just helping your mother with her," I paused, causing anxiety for all I imagine, "computer issues."

Tyson's anger quickly faded as he said, "Well get the hell out of here."

Mrs. Raske, her tone clearly in mother mode, scolded her son, "Tyson apologize this second. Matthew comes here and helps me selflessly and you treat him with disrespect."

Tyson went from tough and smug, to weak in a heartbeat, as he said sheepishly, clearly embarrassed by being scolded in front of his peers, "Sorry Matthew."

"No problem," I shrugged, "I will always be available if your mother needs her system looked after."

Sandra laughed at my sexual innuendo, but Mrs. Raske surprised us both when she added, her meaning dripping with naughtiness, "Thanks a lot Matthew, you really have a way with the mother board."

"I'm still learning," I shrugged.

"Well practice makes perfect," the MILF quipped back.

I laughed, looking smugly at Tyson, "I have learned that is always the case."

I turned to Beth and said, "Let's go babe, l am sick of hanging out with these children."

Beth quickly joined me, adding, while looking directly at Tyson, "Yes, Iets go somewhere we can be alone." She stressed the word 'alone' in case Tyson was too insipid to catch on to the obvious implication.

I grabbed her hand and led her past my ex-bully, down the stairs and out of the house. Once outside, I burst out laughing. "Shit, that was fun."

"The look on his face was priceless," Beth agreed. "By the way, watching his mom gobble your cock got me all hot and horny." She grabbed my cock through my pants and gave a firm squeeze. "Think you got enough for me, sexy?"

Playing coy, I replied, "I don't know."

Surprising me, Beth pulled me back into the party, back up the stairs, passing Tyson as he headed down the stairs back to the party, and into the bathroom. The hunger in her eyes made her intentions obvious. As I passed Tyson again, I shrugged, giving him a 'what can you do' look.


Reaching the bathroom, I turned and gave him one last wink before I disappeared into the bathroom with my beautiful cheerleader plaything.

As soon as the door was closed and locked, Beth's body crashed into mine, my back crashing into the door. Her firm breasts pressed against my chest and her tongue swirled inside my mouth. A minute of intense passion was finally broken when she said, "Please, Matthew, fuck me."

"I could use a snack first," I quipped, pushing her to the sink counter and them lifting her up on it.

I parted her stocking-clad legs apart and buried my face in her sweet, already very wet, nectar. Her scent was addicting and I lapped hungrily determined to get her off with my tongue. Pleased that she had done as instructed and gone commando.

She seemed to like it as her moans got louder exponentially in just a few seconds before she began to get animated. "Oh yes, baby, your tongue feels so good on my cunt."

Hearing the words, especially in her sexy English accent, had my clock rock hard and I was determined to get her screaming with pleasure. I explored every inch of her pussy lips, inside and out, before focusing on her engorged clit.

"Fuuuck, oh God, don't stooooop," she moaned, wrapping her legs around my back and grappling my head pulling me deeper into her oasis of sin.

Her clit between my lips, I shook my head sideways and seconds later was rewarded with a gush of Beth's cum.

"Fuuuuuuck, yeeees, I'm comiiiing," my fake girlfriend bellowed, loud enough that anyone in the hallway would know exactly what we were doing.

I lapped up all her juices before I stood up, helped her off the counter, turned her around, bent her over the counter and, after quickly pulling my cock out, I slammed my cock into her still trembling cunt.

"Oh yes, Matthew, fuck your slut," she said loudly, clearly not caring what others may hear on the other side of the door.

Having came recently, I knew we were in for a mini-marathon. I fucked her from behind for a few minutes, even as people began knocking on the door.

"Fuuuuck off, buggers," Beth snapped between moans, her second orgasm seemingly on the rise.

A minute later, Beth begged, "Come in me baby, I want to feel your cum fill me up."

I grunted, "Keep talking dirty slut."

Looking at me in the mirror, she smiled deviously, "Pound my cunt, Master, and make me your little personal fuck slave. Take my arse baby, do you want to fuck my tight perfect little rosebud?. Will you pound my buttocks, baby?"

"Shiiiit," I groaned, hearing her say arse so much dirtier than ass, and I unloaded my cum in her pussy. Instantly, she somehow tightened her pussy literally milking my cock with her tight cunt.

"Oh yes baby, fill my cunt with your cum," she moaned, her fingers now frantically rubbing herself.

"Come now slut, come for your Master," I demanded, still thrusting in and out if her.

"Oh yes, oh yes, fuck, fuck, fuuuuuck," Beth screamed, alerting the house to her second orgasm in a few minutes.

"Good sluuuut," I acknowledged as I slowed down.

"Thank yoooooou, Master," Beth whimpered, her body shaking as her orgasm pulsed through her.

Pulling out, I put my cock away and watched the beautiful blonde finish her orgasm. Finally, she turned around and said, "Fuck, you know how to press my buttons."

I shrugged, "You are not too bad yourself."

People banged on the door and after Beth straightened out her slightly disheveled clothes, we opened the door.

A brunette snapped, "About fucking time."

Beth snapped back, "Agreed, fucking takes time."

"Slut," the brunette retorted, pushing past us and into the washroom.

"Prude," Beth quipped back, as the door closed.

Everyone stared at us and I smiled knowing that my reputation was forever changed. I was now the man among these high school boys. There was a time this would have made me feel awesome, now I realized these kids were all pathetic...peaking in high school was hilarious to me.

Beth smiling led me down the stairs and back to the dance floor. Pulling me close, we danced like no one else in the room mattered. As we danced, her hand was firmly on my ass. I realized that Beth was the perfect fuck-toy, someone to shoot a load in, yet she wasn't someone I could date, we were just not academically compatible. Allison, on the other hand, she could be everything: an academic equivalent, a girlfriend and a submissive. I wondered, could I have it all?

An hour later, dancing and drinking the time had flown by, and suddenly it was quarter-to-midnight. I gave Beth an early New Years kiss and sauntered confidently out the door and to my midnight rendezvous.

The lights were already on in the Wilson house and I walked right in. I followed the dim light up the stairs and to the master bedroom where I expect to find Mrs. Raske waiting for me.

"You are early," Mrs. Raske said, lying on the bed in a red nightie and matching garter and stockings.

"As are you," I replied, walking over to the bed.

"I couldn't wait to finish what we started," she smiled, moving onto all fours and crawling demurely to the edge of the bed.

"What about your husband?" I asked, still worried about him somehow still potentially busting in on us.

"He's a cuck," she shrugged, pulling my belt off.

"A cuck?" I asked, unfamiliar with the word.

"A cuckold," she clarified, unzipping my trousers. "I wear the pants in our relationship so to speak."

"He knows you fuck around?" I asked, as my pants fell to the floor.

"Yes, and it turns him on. He watched me fake getting seduced by your sister, and was actually in the closet watching the last time your sister dommed me," she explained.

"He saw you submit to my sister?" I asked, shocked.

"Yes," she smiled, "he loves watching is wife be used."

"Wow," I said, as she tugged my underwear down, releasing my fully erect and ready to go cock. "And what do you mean my sister fake seduced you."

"I know Sandra thinks she seduced me and made me her slut, but I set it up, played it up and videotaped the whole thing," she revealed.

"Wow, again," I said, as she took my cock in her mouth.

After a couple slow deep throats, she asked, "You obviously fucked Beth since I last saw you, I taste cunt."

I shrugged, "She wouldn't take no for an answer."

"You poor boy," she mocked, swirling her tongue around the head of my cock head.

A minute later, she continued, falling back onto the bed and sliding her left leg slowly down her right, "Your sister says you have a fetish for nylons."

"Guilty," I admitted, mesmerized by her stocking-clad legs and feet.

"Ever had a foot job," the seductive MILF asked.

"No," I answered, never taking my eyes off her red stockings and blue painted toenails.


"Then obviously you have never had a nylon foot job," she purred, wiggling her toes.

"No," I mindlessly answered, completely drawn in to Mrs. Raske's every seductive word.


"Well time to change that," she decided, repositioning herself so both her feet were on my cock. Slowly she put her feet together and began masturbating my cock with her silky feet.

The feeling was unreal and I worried that I would come without ever getting a chance to fuck her. Plus, her legs bent as she gave me a stocking foot job, which gave me a perfect view of her trimmed pussy. I was in heaven. My head bounced like a yo-yo from her toenails to her pussy, back and forth, in sexual A.D.D. heaven.

After a few minutes, I decided it was time to take control. "If I recall correctly you promised your ass to me, Mrs. Raske."


She gave me a motherly scowl that send a chill up my spine, "Now Matthew after all we have done and are about to do...don't you think it's time to you started calling me Vivian...or do you prefer slut?"


Relieved I replied, "Answer me Vivian...did my slut promise me her ass or not?"


"Did I?" she asked, flirtatiously, moving her left foot up to my mouth.

I took her toes on my mouth, one by one, another fantasy becoming a reality. Once I had pleasured each toe individually, she offered me her other foot and I replicated the concentrated pleasuring of her toes.

"You really are one kinky little nerd," she said, her other foot sliding underneath my shirt and onto my chest.

"You're one slutty little MILF neighbor," I retorted.


"Are you ready to ring in the New Year with a bang?" She asked.

I looked at the clock. It was 11:58. "On all fours," I demanded, joining her on the bed.

"Hmmm, I like a man who knows what he wants," she smiled, obeying my command.

"This man wants your ass," I said firmly as I positioned myself behind her perfectly curved ass.

"Then take it," she replied, looking back at me over her shoulder.

I rubbed my cock up and down her pussy lips to teased, "Wrong hole baby."

I laughed as I positioned my cock between her ass cheeks. Slowly I pushed forward and after a brief resistance, my cockhead slipped inside her amazing tightness.

She whimpered, "Happy New Year."

The clock said 12:00. I responded, my cock now fully inside her ass, "Happy New Year to you too, my new slut."

She turned her head and said, "I'm your slut now, am I?"

I moved my cock slowly out and back in as I replied, "Yes, my ass slut, my MILF toy and my accomplice in the seduction of my mom."

"Ooooooooh," she moaned as I began to slowly move in and out of her ass. "You want to be a mother fucker too do you?"

"I'm already a sister fucker," I quipped back.

"Touché," she laughed as I continued slow strokes inside her amazingly tight ass.

"So you will help?" I asked.

"Of course, the thought of your mom eating pussy is hot, but the thought of her eating Sandra while you pound her back door is fucking delicious," she answered.

"Fuck you're hot," I grunted.

"Enough chit-chat stud, now fuck my ass," she demanded.

Deciding to make sure she understood who was in charge, I ordered, "Actually my slut, fuck yourself on my cock."

"You bad boy," she purred, obeying my order and beginning to back her ass onto my cock.


I thought the sex with Sandra, Beth and Della was amazing, but that had not prepared me for the pleasure Vivian was currently giving me. Her ass was like a milking device, bringing such tightness that it didn't compare to anything I had experienced this past week. Even though I had come twice in just over an hour and a half, my balls were bubbling in only a few minutes.

"Shit, Vivian, I don't know what you are doing with your ass but I am not going to last long," I moaned.

"Fill my ass with your cum, baby," she moaned back, slamming her ass even harder back on me.

"Fuck," I grunted, a few strokes later as I shot my load deep in my MILF slut's bowels.

"Yeeeees," she screamed, her orgasm apparently triggered by having her ass filled with cum.

A couple minutes transpired as each of us allowed our orgasms to cascade through us.

Finally, I pulled out and crashed on the bed beside her. She rolled onto her side too and smiled, "Well, Sandra didn't lie, you really have a nice cock."

"You have a pretty amazing ass," I countered.

"So I should probably be getting back to my party," she smiled.

"With my cum leaking out of your ass," I pointed out.

"I suppose so," she answered, her smile so naughty I instantly wanted to fuck her again.

"Next time your husband can watch," I quipped, confident in my power over her already.

"He will like that," Vivian replied, leaning in for a kiss.

A minute later, her cell rang. Getting up, she walked to the dresser and sighed, "It's Tyson." She didn't answer it, but said, "Well, I guess our little rendezvous is over for now."

"I still have one more hole to fill yet," I replied.

She seemed surprised by my answer. She looked at the clock and down to my still very hard cock. "You are really ready for a forth load so soon?"

"I'm young and virile," I shrugged, walking to her.

"Can we save this for another day?" she asked, as I cupped her breast in my hand.

"Is that what you want?" I asked.

"Damn you," she smiled, "Meatloaf said two out of three ain't bad, but of course three out of three is even better."

I lifted her up, put her on the dresser, and spread her legs as she purred, "Oh my."

"Time for some sweet American pie," I quipped, lowering myself between her legs and diving into her cunt.

"This is not the quickie I had in mind," she moaned, as my tongue began exploring her wetness.

"I am in no hurry, my pet," I responded, enjoying causing her a bit of anxiety.

"So I see," she whimpered, my tongue having the anticipated impact.

I really did take my time, exploring every millimetre of her pussy with my tongue. Her breathing after a few minutes of slow tease began to increase so I went to her clit and nibbled on it while sliding a finger inside her wetness.

"Oh yes, baby, finger-fuck my cunt," she begged, as I pumped one, then two fingers inside her cunt.

"Come for me my slut," I demanded, wanting to taste her cum leaking out of her and into my mouth.

"Oh God, oh God, Oh Gooooooooood," she screamed, a moment later as she obeyed my command and her juices flooded out of her and onto my lips, tongue and mouth.

I lapped and lapped for another minute or two, her orgasm still trembling through her, before I pulled my fingers out and put them to her mouth. She didn't hesitate as she sucked her own juices while I positioned my cock at her pussy.

As she sucked my fingers like they were a cock, I pushed forward into her volcanic warmth. "Hmmmmmm," she moaned, although I was unsure if it was from her own juices or my cock penetrating her making her moan.

The phone rang again, but she ignored it as I continue slow, deep strokes.

I don't know how long I slowly fucked her enjoying another long held in fantasy becoming a reality until she whimpered, "Get on the bed baby, I want to ride that big cock of yours."

I lifted her off the dresser, and impressing even myself, carried her to the bed, my cock never completely leaving her warmth.

On the bed, she pushed me onto my back, straddled me and devoured my cock with her pussy. She milked my cock with an ability that only comes with experience. Time again stood still until she moaned, "Come in my cunt, baby," bouncing up and down taking all of my cock deep inside her.

"I'm close," I groaned, knowing I was close to an explosion.

"Yes, baby, fill Mommy with your cum," she moaned, adding, "just like you will be doing to your mother soon."

"Fuck," I moaned, a few strokes later as another orgasm shuttered through me as she milked my cum inside her cunt, the idea of my Mom filling my head.

Getting off me, Mrs. Raske said, "Well, that was fun."

"Indeed," I smirked, watching her stand up.

"I really need to get back to my party," she said.

I looked at the clock, it was 12:45. "I imagine you do."

Getting dressed, she said, "Any time you are in town, sexy."

"You have a task to finish between now and then," I reminded her.

"Don't worry, the seduction is already well under way. By the time you return your mom will be an experienced cunt-muncher," she promised.

"How do you know?" I asked, not believing it possible.

"Trust me, your mother is not as innocent as she seems," she winked heading out of the room.

I laid back on the bed my head spinning with what is easily the best Christmas holiday ever. Unfortunately, once I had a taste of what I had been missing all these years, I was addicted. I had Sandra and Beth and Della and now Mrs. Raske my long time fantasy MILF...but I still had one more mountain to climb...my mother (two if you included Allison).

Best Present Ever: Mom
bysilkstockingslover©

Summary: Son finally gets his ultimate conquest...his hot innocent Mom.

Note 1: This is the fourth part of the Best Present Ever series.

In Part One (Bitch Sister), Matthew turns the tables on his bitch sister making her his personal sex slave.

In Part Two (Cheerleader Orgy), Matthew has a fun foursome with his sister and two other cheerleaders.

In Part Three (MILF Neighbour), Matthew adds his MILF next door neighbour and his enemy's Mom to his growing collection of submissives. He also meets one of his sister's pets, with whom he makes a romantic connection.

Of course, I suggest you read the first three first, but this is a very brief summary of one crazy week in the life of our nerdy, well-equipped protagonist.

Note 2: Thanks to goamz86, Wayne, Robert and Mike for editing this story.

BEST PRESENT EVER: MOM

The afternoon matinee with Allison went really well, and after I returned to college, we texted daily, Skyped weekly and, although we weren't officially dating, we were definitely intrigued and attracted to each other.

I love how cute she is... I love how smart she is... I love how we have so much in common.

Meanwhile, I couldn't get the last thing Mrs. Raske had said on New Year's Eve out of mind, "Trust me, your mother is not as innocent as she seems."

My sister, Sandra, and Mrs. Raske were working together to add Mom to the lesbian society of submissives and Mrs. Raske and I visited on Skype once a week where she updated me on her progress and we enjoyed some play time.

It was mid-February when Mrs. Raske revealed, "Task accomplished."

"No way," I said, never believing that she would be able to get Mom, even though both Sandra and Mrs. Raske were confident it was a sure thing.

"Want pictures or video?" my MILF pet asked, with a wicked smile.

"Both," I replied, calling her bluff.

"What a dirty boy," she purred, as she unbuttoned her blouse.

"Says the dirty slut," I countered.

"Get your slut off and I'll send you pictures and video," she offered, as she took off her blouse.

"No," I firmly shook my head. "Send me the pictures and video now and then you may get rewarded."

"Fine," she sighed, obeying like the submissive slut she was.

"I don't like that tone, slut," I pointed out.

"Sorry, sir," she immediately apologized, knowing that the last time she had annoyed me I hung up on her and made her complete a task (get her pathetic husband to come on her face and then go and get groceries before she could clean herself up... all while taking a few selfies) before letting her back in my good graces. "Please give your slut a couple of minutes."

"Good girl," I purred, knowing positive reinforcement was important to her.

I waited, believing she must have seduced my Mom, but still shocked and, of course, incredibly intrigued.

She said, after a couple of minutes, "Pictures are sent."

I was just about to scold her for taking too long when I was alerted I had a text message. So I grabbed my phone, giddy with excitement, and clicked on the text.

"Oh my," I said out loud to myself, not ready for what I was about to see.

There were five pictures:

- One of my Mom on her knees between a pair of black nylon clad legs

- One close up of Mom's face buried in a pussy

- One of Mom standing naked except for pantyhose and panties, her nice tits staring at me

- One of Mom completely naked, legs spread and her fingers in her cunt

- And another close up of Mom's face, this time as she obviously was climaxing

"The video is too big to send by phone," she said, pulling me out of my staring.

"I expect it ASAP slut," I demanded, wanting to see the corresponding video.

"I'll have to hook up my phone, transfer it to my computer, and then send it as an e-mail," she explained.

"Obviously," I nodded, looking at her. "Hurry up, I have class in half an hour."

"Yes, Master," she nodded. I did love how a beautiful woman twice my age was so obedient and so desperate to please me even from hundreds of miles away.

"Good girl," I again reconfirmed.

I asked, as I waited, "So, is she submissive too?"

"Completely," she nodded.

"Does Sandra know?" I asked.

"No," Mrs. Raske answered, "I thought that was best, especially since your mother will be in Boston in two weeks."

"Good," I agreed, "she is not to know."

"Of course," she replied, before adding, "sorry, I'm not really good with technology. My computer says it will take forty minutes to transfer from my phone."

"It's okay, my slut," I smiled, knowing she was trying her best. "We will meet later tonight."

"Yes, Master," she agreed, clearly disappointed by the delay.

I clicked off and headed to class while continually checking my phone for the video.

In class, since it was a hands on project, I forgot about my phone and then had to ignore the temptation when I felt it buzz in my pants, notifying me that I had a message.

As soon as class was done, I pulled out my phone as I walked back to my dorm room.

Even though I'd seen the pictures and knew she had indeed submitted, watching it on video was shocking. I had my phone on mute because I was in public, but I watched as my Mom crawled to Mrs. Raske and licked her stockinged feet then moved up and buried her face in Mrs. Raske's cunt. The camera was from a distance and at a high angle, but it was, without a doubt, Mom.

A text followed:

Master Two more clips to follow. One of before she submits, the second of her fingering herself on my bed. Unfortunately, there is no audio because it is from a security camera. Your slut

I sighed. I would have loved to have heard the conversation that led to Mom's submission, the talk and moans as she pleased Mrs. Raske, and my own mother's moans as she got herself off.

Of course, I hoped to hear those moans first hand in a couple of weeks.

I watched all three videos, rewarded my MILF pet online and clarified that Mom still had no clue about my relationships with any of my pets... my own plan of my Mom's seduction formulating in my head.

Two weeks ticked by at a snail's pace as I played a million variations of the seduction of my mother.

I heard in vivid details how my MILF slut seduced and dommed my shy Mom. Apparently, Mom had been hinting at her lesbian curiosity with her sexy neighbour for a while (even before my Christmas holiday accidental re-invention of myself) so Mrs. Raske had opened the door at the suggestion of her Mistress, my sister, Sandra.

Mom had immediately regretted her lesbian submission, feeling guilty for cheating on her husband, and had insisted it was a mistake that couldn't happen again.

Of course, Mrs. Raske didn't agree and had forced my Mom to serve her two more times after that first fateful submission.

Mrs. Raske helped my seduction by insisting that she and Mom go shopping for new hosiery. She made Mom throw away every pair of pantyhose and buy only thigh high stockings. She reasoned it was for two purposes:

- First, thigh highs were sexier and, unlike Mom's Walmart pantyhose, the stockings they bought were pure silk...thus they were even better at accentuating Mom's legs, making her look and feel sexy.

-Second, there should always be easy access to a pet's pussy.

My slut also insisted Mom buy some sexy boots (that way she could look sexy while simultaneously being practical for the New England weather, especially based on the crazy 2010-11 winter).

Mom protested that she was going up to see her son, but Mrs. Raske was insistent and Mom, being the submissive she was, gave in.

I also kept chatting through Skype and texting with Allison, who was planning to come visit the school, unfortunately with her mom, a couple of weeks after Mom's visit.

Our chats were getting more personal, but it was in the texts, where she was way less shy than when on Skype, that she hinted at all the things I already knew... although she obviously didn't say she was a submissive to my sister, but she implied she was a curious, adventurous and willing to try anything kind of woman.

Anyway, Mom flew in, and , because I don't have a vehicle, I took three buses to meet her at her hotel.

When she opened her door, my cock immediately hardened. She had always been pretty, but her makeover at the hands of her neighbour (and, unknown to her, my submissive) had transformed her to a complete MILF knockout.

She was wearing a blouse that was tight against her breasts, a black skirt that was just above the knees (sexy, but not slutty), black nylons that had a seam running down the back and black three inch boots.

Knowing she was unwittingly dressing up for me enhanced the situation for me.

"Mom, you look," I paused for dramatic effect, "hot."

Mom blushed, "Mrs. Raske insisted on giving me a fashion makeover."

"Well, it worked," I nodded, and gave her a hug. My hands slyly landing on the top of her ass...not inappropriate, but definitely lower than I would have gone in previous hugs.

Breaking it, I asked, "It's past your usual dinner time, are you hungry?"

"Starving," she nodded, my Mom used to regularly scheduled eating. She was a type two diabetic and thus needed to eat regularly.

"We are two blocks from the original Cheers bar if you want to go there," I suggested, knowing it was a show both my parents liked and still watched on reruns.

"That would be great," she nodded.

"Let's go," I suggested, and then we headed out.

As soon as we were outside, I offered Mom my arm, as the streets were slightly treacherous with the melting snow.

We walked and chatted as I showed her the public Boston Common, which even in winter was very nice... in summer it was beautiful.

We got to the bar, ordered food and caught up. After dinner, Mom spent almost a hundred bucks in the Cheers souvenir shop and took a few pictures.

We then took a short taxi ride downtown and I showed her the downtown market, we walked down by the harbor and ended the evening going on a ghost walk tour. Mom, who scares easily, took my arm for the walk and, when in a graveyard, I made just the slightest of advancements by taking her hand in mine.

She didn't pull her hand away, so we walked the rest of the forty minute walk with our fingers entwined.

When the tour ended, the night had become quite chilly, and Mom was shivering, so we got a taxi to take us back to the hotel (the walk would have been about twenty minutes and that was if we didn't get lost... the streets went in all directions and it was easy to end up off target, I still sometimes got lost, even after a few months of living here).

In the taxi, I pulled her into my arms and said, "You're freezing."

"I don't think I dressed for such an evening," she said as she pushed into me for warmth.

Deciding to continue my snail's pace seduction of my mother, I moved my hand to her nylon clad leg and began moving my hand up and down, pretending to be warming up her leg.

She seemed slightly surprised at first, but I said, "Your legs must be freezing."

She giggled slightly, "Yes, nylon is not the best attire to keep you warm."

"But it is the sexiest," I quipped, again giving just a hint of my plan.

"They are, are they?" Mom asked, surprised by my words.

"Oh yeah," I nodded, "it's the first thing I notice on a woman, their legs, especially in nylons... which is probably your fault."

"My fault?" She asked, looking at me.

"Well, you were always wearing them, and, according to many psychological theories, sons often are drawn to women who resemble their mothers," I explained, going even further, "truth be told, I have always had a nylon foot fetish."

"Well, I guess you're just like your father," she laughed.

"Is he a nylon person too?" I asked.

"If I go a day without wearing them, he is not happy," she answered.

I already knew she was submissive based on the video of her and Mrs. Raske, but the idea that she was submissive to Dad was new. "Interesting," I nodded.

"Why is that interesting?" She asked.

"It's just that I assumed you wore them because you liked them and they accentuated your sexy legs."

"I've grown to love wearing them," she nodded, before adding, "did you just call my legs sexy?"

"Mom, you have amazing legs," I said, "I'd be lying if I said I'd never stared at your legs before."

"Oh," she said, as if trying to process this piece of information.

Deciding to continue my sly seduction, I moved my hand up to the top of her lace thigh highs. "Oh, thigh highs."

She moved away suddenly, but didn't say anything.

I complimented, continuing my slow seduction, as we reached the hotel, "Thigh highs are super sexy, I expect all my women to wear them."

"All your women?" She questioned, clearly surprised by my choice of words.

"Girls like to understand their position," I answered, before getting out of the taxi to allow those words to marinate.

I took Mom's arm again and led her into the hotel, up the elevator and to the hotel room.

Mom immediately took her boots off, as she said, "My feet are literally killing me."

A witty comment about getting on her back popped into my head, but instead I focused on a more sly approach. "Lie down on the bed Mom and I'll give you a foot massage."

"No, that's okay," she said, the tone in her voice implying she was nervous about our earlier conversation.

"Mom, after all the times you've looked after my needs in the past, the least I can do is give you a foot massage," I countered.

"I guess that would be nice," she nodded tentatively, although she didn't actually get onto the bed.

"Lie down, Mom," I instructed, "with your head on the pillows, and throw on some television if you wish."

"Okay," Mom nodded, walking to the bed and cautiously going onto it so as not to let me see her lace top stockings. Once she was on the bed and comfortable, I joined her at the other end and took her stocking-clad foot in my hands. The nylon was sheer and I was instantly in my own version of heaven. Her painted pink toe nails only enhanced the beauty of her foot and I was tempted to take her pretty toes in my mouth.

Mom whimpered slightly when I began massaging her foot and said, "That feels so good, Matthew."

"Agreed," I replied, another subtle hint of my own fetish.

"So much like your father," she smiled, shaking her head.

I asked, "So you started wearing nylons all the time because he told you to?"

"Kind of," she shrugged. "I mean, I often wore them anyway as I always liked the different colours I could wear and how they could help accessorize my outfits."

"Cool," I nodded.

"But yes, your Dad has come to expect me to wear them," she admitted.

"And if you don't?" I asked.

"I just do," she answered.

"My pets are the same," I nodded, using the word 'pets' as I shifted to her other foot, bringing back the conversation I had left marinating when we left the taxi.

"Pets?" She questioned, seemingly more intrigued than shocked, having been set up for this conversation in the taxi. One thing I know about people, if you set up the bread crumbs, they often want to eat the whole loaf. But they will never eat the whole loaf without a few bread crumbs first.

"Beth and Della are two of them," I revealed.

"Sandra's Beth and Della?" Mom asked, genuinely surprised.

"Yes," I nodded.

"Oh," she said, clearly thinking about this.

"Why? Are you surprised a geek like me could get a couple hot cheerleaders?" I asked.

"No, no, no," she shook her head. "I didn't mean that at all, it's just I thought you and Allison may be an item."

"I've learned something about women," I said, my confidence strong.

"What's that?" She said with a smile.

"Most women work hard to put on the persona that society expects them to play," I answered, rather cryptically.

"Meaning?" She questioned, as I moved my hands up to her ankle, lifting her leg up slightly, enough to allow the entire lace top of her stockings to be revealed.

"Maybe I've said too much," I said, knowing that psychologically this would likely make her beg for me to give her more."

"You can't say something like that and then just leave it," she protested, looking at her skirt and realizing her lace tops were showing. As expected, she didn't try to cover it up.

"But it may offend you, even though I think you are very good proof of my theory," I replied, throwing out the hook and now waiting for her to bite.

"I am, am I?" She asked, raising her eyebrow, as my hands went to her calf. "Now I really need to know."

"I don't want to offend you," I said, my hand moving slowly up her leg.

"Tell me, young man," she demanded, using the same tone she had many times when I was in trouble.

Going for broke, I answered, "You are submissive and desperately looking for someone to take control."

"Is that so?" She asked, although she didn't deny it.

"The fact that you are not denying it proves it is true," I answered, "plus it's all part of the feminine psyche. Women always have to be seen a certain way, but the truth is that they desperately want to be seen in a totally different way."

"And what way is that?" She asked.

"Honestly?" I asked, again drawing her in.

"This hasn't been honest?" She questioned with a smile.

"Touché," I nodded, my hands getting closer and closer to her thigh without her making even a faint attempt at stopping me.

"Well?" She questioned.

"A submissive slut," I answered, "like Mrs. Raske is to me."

"What?" She gasped, clearly shocked by this information.

"Let's just say I started the new year with a literal bang," I joked.

Her face went red as she realized that I had fucked someone she had since submitted to.

"It's okay, Mom," I said, my hand moving under her skirt and directly to her pussy, "I know all about your lesbian submission games with my MILF pet."

"Oh God," she moaned, because of both my revelation and my fingers on her, not surprisingly, very wet cunt.

"Just give in to me, Mom," I ordered, as my fingers traced her pussy lips through her sopping wet panties.

"Matthew, this is wrong," she protested weakly even though she didn't move away or move my hand away.

I knew I had her hook, line and sinker, as I purred, and moved between her legs, "It's okay, Mom, we both know you want this and need this."

"Matthew," she said, her eyes showing her complete overwhelmed confusion, "I'm your mother."

"And I'm your Master," I countered, using a word I was confident would trigger yet another gush in her panties and break down her already fragile resistance to the act of incest I was offering.

"Matthew," she repeated, a look of trepidation and lust in her eyes, clearly overwhelmed with the sudden shift in conversation and expectations.

"Remember what you said to me during the holidays?" I asked.

"No," she shook her head, completely at the whim of my words and actions.

"I pointed out that motherly nurturing was critical to proper psychological development and you said, and I'm quoting you verbatim here, 'Well anytime you need me, I am here for you'".

"Yes, but I didn't mean this," Mom protested.

"Didn't mean what?" I asked, wanting to hear her say the words.

"This," she repeated, pointing to me between her slightly spread legs.

"And what is this?" I asked, as I moved my hands under her skirt, reached her panties again and smiled as she voluntarily lifted her ass up so I could slide them down her legs.

"Oh, Matthew," she weakly said, her face flush, "I, um, we can't."

"Mom, there is nothing more natural than sex and nothing more pure than intimacy between a mother and son," I suggested, as I tossed her panties onto the floor. "It's quite frankly the most natural thing in the world."

"Oh God, Matthew," she quivered, "I can't believe you are being so...."

"So what?" I asked, as I stood up and went to unbuckle my belt.

"So strong," she said, staring at my crotch, an obvious hunger to see what I was packing.

"You want to see your son's cock, don't you Mom?" I asked, unzipping my pants.

"I don't know," she answered, even as her eyes remained locked on my crotch area.

"I think you do, Mom," I said, as I dropped my pants to the floor.

She stared at the stiff bulge in my boxers.

"I'll ask again, Mom," I said, wanting her to give herself to me willingly, not be forced or coerced into it. "Do you want to see your son's cock?"

She nodded in the affirmative.

I paused briefly, before I pulled down my underwear and released my completely hard eight inch cock for my Mom to stare at.

"Oh my," she said, staring at my cock, clearly surprised but impressed by the package I was carrying.

"That's what Sandra said the first time she saw my cock," I revealed, all my cards now on the table.

"Sandra too?" Mom asked, looking up at me yet again in shock.

"She was my first pet," I nodded, "she accidentally helped me become the dominant that I am."

"I can't believe this." She said, returning her gaze to my erection.

"What?" I asked, moving closer to the bed. "That Sandra was my first pet cum slut or that I am so well-endowed?"

"Both," she nodded, her mouth literally drooling at my hard-on as she added, "How?"

"It's a crazy story, but the reality is once she saw my cock she was willing to do pretty much anything I asked," I revealed, as I climbed onto the bed and knelt in front of my overwhelmed mother.

When she didn't move away, I ordered, knowing she needed to be told what to do, "Go ahead, Mom, suck my cock."

She looked up at me, a look of complete bewilderment in her eyes (a look that was asking a million questions) before she returned her stare to my eight inch cock. She was paralyzed with indecision, her moral responsibility conflicting with reality.

"Go ahead, Mom," I repeated, "Suck your Master's cock."

That seemed to be the final push she needed, as she leaned forward and took my cock in her mouth. I smiled as my greatest fantasy became fulfilled. She took her time, swirling her tongue around my thick mushroom top, and slowly bobbing back and forth over half my cock. She really was worshipping my cock.

She then surprised me when she moved her body lower and slid her tongue down my shaft and took my balls in her mouth one at a time, something that was so sexy. I moaned, "That feels so good, Mom."

She spent an eternity pleasuring both balls before sliding back up my shaft and resuming sucking my cock. When she returned to my cock, she began bobbing up and down on my cock with more speed. The ball play mixed with her eager cock sucking had my balls immediately beginning to boil. I watched her bob hungrily on my dick, continually getting more of my cock in her.

As she took six-plus inches in her beautiful mouth, I knew I wasn't going to last much longer, I groaned, "Get ready to swallow all your Master's cum, my Mommy-slut." Calling her my 'Mommy-slut' turned me on even though I knew it was a risk.

It obviously got her off too as she moaned on my cock and bobbed faster. It took less than fifteen seconds before I was unloading in my Mom's mouth. She swallowed it all, hungrily, until she had retrieved every last speck of my seed.

When I pulled out, I smiled, "Now it's your turn."

She looked at me and said, "I can't believe I just did that."

"I can't believe it either," I smiled, as I moved between her legs and tugged her skirt off. "But I have wanted to do this forever."

"What's that?" she asked, smiling playfully now.

"Making you my submissive," I answered.

"You mean your Mommy-slut?" she questioned, raising her eyebrow.

"Yes," I nodded, burying my face in her pussy.

"Oh yessssss," she moaned, the instant my tongue began licking her cunt.

Her taste was like heaven and I took my time like she had with my cock. I explored every crevice of her pussy region, before slithering down and licking her ass.

"Ohhhhh, you bad boy," she moaned.

"My sluts must become three-hole fuck toys," I bravely said, as I tongued her asshole.

"You really are like your dad," she replied.

"Dad pounds your ass?" I asked.

"He loves coming in my ass and making me walk around the house with it leaking out of me," she admitted.

"That is the hottest thing ever," I said, moving back to her pussy.

"No, your big dick pounding my cunt or reaming my ass is," she said, talking nasty... which only enhanced this moment of perfection.

I sucked her clit between my lips, which made her tremble and beg, "Shove your big dick in me, Master."

I moved up and asked, "You want your son's dick in you?"

"I'm a Mommy slut," she smiled, "that's what Mommies are made for."

"Fuck," I groaned, as I rubbed my cock up and down her pussy lips. "Let's see those tits first."

She smiled, "You want to see Mommy's big tits?" she questioned as she immediately began unbuttoning her blouse.

"God, yes," I nodded, staring at her like she had my cock earlier.

"You want to suck on the tits you sucked on all those years ago?" she continued, somehow making this taboo and even hotter as if she too revelled in the act of incest.

"Fuck, yes," I nodded, so entranced by her seductive sexiness, as her last button was undone.

She leaned up, awkwardly took off her blouse and asked, "Can you unclasp Mommy's bra?"

"Ah-huh," I agreed, reaching behind her and unclasping her bra.

Taking control back, I tossed the bra aside and pushed her back onto her back.

"Mmmmmmm, how did you know Mommy likes it rough?" she purred.

"All sluts do," I answered, leaning down and cupping her large firm breasts.

"Yes, suck on Mommy's titties," she moaned, as I leaned forward and sucked on her left erect nipple.

"Shove your prick in me," she moaned, as I teased her.

"Beg," I ordered, still resisting the warm wet hole that was tempting my mushroom top.

"Oh God, Matthew, shove that big cock in Mommy's cunt," she begged, "make me a real Mommy-slut and make yourself a mother fucker."

That was all I needed, as I slammed all eight inches inside her velvet warmth.

"Yesssssssssss," she moaned loudly, before adding, "soooooo big."

I didn't make love to Mom, I fucked her, slamming into her hard with each forward thrust.

"Yes, yes, yes, fuck Mommmmmmmy," she demanded, her own orgasm seemingly rising quickly.

I obliged, fucking her as fast as I could, wanting to make her cum.

"Oh God, son, I love your fucking huge horse cock," she babbled, as she began bucking her ass up to meet my thrusts.

I just kept fucking her as she fucked me.

"Oh yes, make Mommy cum," she screamed a minute later and a few deep thrusts later she erupted, "Mommmmmmmmmmmy's cominnnnnnnnng."

She collapsed back onto the bed as I kept pounding her flooding cunt.

"Oh yes, keep pounding Mommy," she whimpered, as her orgasm continued to course through her.

Instead I pulled out and ordered, "On your knees, Mom."

She purred, "Are you going to fuck Mommy's ass?"

"It's the only hole left," I pointed out, making the act sound even dirtier.

"Well, we can't have that," she giggled, as she got onto her knees and showcased her beautifully curved ass.

"What an inviting back end," I commented, staring at her from behind.

"Well, come on in," she offered, wiggling her ass.

I moved behind her, grabbed her hips and positioned my cock at her back door.

She said, "Please start slow, your dick is a lot bigger than your father's."

That made a chill go up my spine as I slowly pushed forward. After a brief resistance, my cock broke through and began slowly penetrating her.

"Oh fuuuuuuuck," Mom moaned, "your dick is so thick."

"And your ass so tight," I groaned, as my dick slowly disappeared between her ass cheeks.

"Only for dicks as big as yours," she moaned back.

I watched in awe as her ass took all eight inches and once all in, I began slowly fucking her ass.

She moaned, "That's it, get Mommy's asshole accustomed to your huge rod."

I fucked her ass slowly for a couple of minutes before beginning to fuck her faster.

"Oh yes, Matthew, pound Mommy's asshole," she moaned.

Hearing her call it an 'asshole' made it sound so much dirtier.

"You love getting your shit hole filled, don't you Mommy-slut?" I asked, enjoying the nasty talk, so completely different to any conversation we had ever had,

"Yessss, Mommy loves your dick in all her fuck holes," she moaned, as she began bouncing back onto my cock.

I rammed her asshole for a couple more minutes, before I wanted to feel her stocking-clad legs on me, so I pulled out and ordered, "Back on your back, Mommy-slut."

She quickly rolled over and looked at me with an insatiable lust that turned me on. "Where will you slam that big dick of yours, Master?" she asked.

"Back in that shit hole of yours," I replied, as I grabbed her legs, pulled them together and pushed them towards her to give me an inviting angle to both her holes.

"Oh, just take me as you wish, baby," she purred, clearly liking a man who took control.

I got in position and slid my cock back into her ass, the angle creating a new sensation of tightness.

"Oh myyyyyyyy," Mom declared, as I filled her.

Having her nylon legs on my chest was a turn-on, and she knew it.

She asked after a few deep strokes, "Does my Master want some naughty nylon foot play?"

"Yessss,' I grunted, as I kept fucking her.

She moved her feet so they were both on my chest and rubbed them up and down as I fucked her.

The feeling was so hot, and mixed with the tightness of her ass, I knew I wasn't going to last long.

She moaned, as she simultaneously rubbed her clit, "I'm going to come again from your big dick, baby."

"I'm close, too," I warned.

"I want it all over my face, Master," she revealed, "I want to show you just how nasty a slut I am for you."

A few more deep strokes and I pulled out. She quickly repositioned herself and offered her pretty face to me. I stroked my dick for a few seconds before the first rocket shot out and hit her directly between the eyes.

Three more loads splattered her face before she took my dick back in her mouth, not caring that it was last in her asshole.

"Oh, fuck Mom," I groaned, as she bobbed back and forth retrieving every last speck of my cum.

When she finally stopped sucking, I looked down at her and said, "Fuck, you are the hottest Mom ever."

"Even with my face coated with cum?" she asked, scooping some off her chin and putting it in her mouth.

"Especially with cum all over your face," I nodded.

We both collapsed onto the bed, she nuzzled into my shoulder, as she said, "Sooooo, want to hear a secret?"

"I did, until you used that tone," I pointed out.

"I've wanted to have your dick in me since I first learned you and Sandra were fucking," She revealed.

I coughed. "P-p-pardon?"

"You weren't really discrete," she pointed out, "and Sandra is a screamer when she comes. Trust me I've been between her legs enough to know."

"What?" I said, sitting up and looking at my Mom, her face still coated with cum. It was apparently my turn to be shocked.

"Your sister has been using me as her personal live-in cunt-licker since a couple days after you left," Mom revealed.

"The bitch never told me," I said, annoyed at Sandra for keeping such a thing secret.

"That's my fault," she smiled, "I wanted this night to be... well, special."

"That it was," I nodded. "And Mrs. Raske?"

"That was real, I feigned innocence while she kept trying to seduce me," she explained, "it was actually quite cute."

"Wow!" I said.

"And Dad is oblivious to this whole thing?" I asked.

"Your father is oblivious to most things," Mom said, "including that his wife is a submissive cum slut."

"That is a shame," I said, wondering how a man could be so oblivious to a woman's needs.

"Thankfully, I now have you as my Master," she said, stroking my already reviving cock.

"I can't believe you played me this whole time," I said.

"I can't believe you tried to make your mother your slut," she countered.

"I did make you my Mommy-slut," I countered.

"Well," she smiled, as she stroked my cock, "Do you have one more load in you?"

"My gun reloads quickly," I nodded, as I rolled her onto her side.

"And can you just fuck Mommy's cunt this time?" she asked, as I moved behind her.

"Since you asked so nicely," I replied, as I slid my cock into her still very wet pussy.

"Mmmmmm, you're such a sexy Mother-fucker," she purred, as I began slowly fucking her.

"And you're a sexy Mother-slut," I countered, as I eventually deposited my third load of the evening, this time in her cunt, both of us coming one last time.

.....

The next couple of days were crazy as I learned my mother is also a nymphomaniac. We fucked in a secluded spot during my private Harvard tour, we fucked in a family washroom at Quincy Market, she swallowed my load during a long taxi ride and I filled all three of her holes back at the hotel.

My dick was actually exhausted and in need of a rest when Mom left for the airport after three days of sucking and fucking.

As she left, she said, "You better get a summer job back home, Master, because you already have a summer job at home that you need to deal with."

I laughed, "What about Sandra?"

"You're the Master," she shrugged.

"True enough," I nodded, giving her a very non son-mother kiss, having just shot a load in her cunt a few minutes earlier.

.....

Thankfully, I had two weeks to recover before Allison was coming with her Mom to visit me and Harvard, although I wasn't sure that I would be able to actually, finally sleep with Allison. Our texts had gotten very vivid, and there was no doubt she was submissive, but, with her mother coming too, I wasn't sure how I would get her alone.

To my surprise yet again, things turned out a lot different than I expected, but that is an entirely different story.

THE END




