Home « Ken Randall's Page « Book Worming Index - Settings
Chapter 1
Posted: July 01, 2010 - 09:39:37 pm
?

Uncle Matt had a weird way of dressing a hamburger. The first thing he did when we sat down was unwrap his burger and scrape all the gunk they'd put on it onto the wrapper, stripping it right back down to the burger and bun. Then he'd pick up the condiment bottles and reapply the ketchup and mustard in outward spirals from the center to the edge in evenly spaced red and yellow lines. Then he'd cover it, turn it over and spread an even layer of relish on the bottom side. God help them if there were sesame seeds on the bun.

I gnawed away at my own burger as I watched him in his ritual. He looked up at me, noticed me staring, and shrugged.

"When I bite into my burger, I wanna taste everything at once. Not a mouthful of ketchup one time, and a big dose of mustard the next time. And I don't want no frickin' onions on it. You heard me say that when I ordered, right? No onions! These minimum wage slobs don't know what the hell they're doing."

"They gotta make like ten million an hour."

I sorta mumbled it. My mouth was full. Uncle Matt seemed to calm down. He went all reflective all the sudden.

"Imagine the money they'd bring in, if they actually did sell ten million burgers at four dollars a burger, every hour for eighteen hours a day."

"Okay, so it's not ten million an hour. But it's a lot."

He'd finally finished his artistic overhaul and took a big bite of it. He glanced at me sideways before closing his eyes sensuously. It was apparently a delicious burger, in spite of his complaints.

"You seem bummed out, kid. What's going on with you?"

"Ah, nuthin'. I'm just- It's nuthin'."

"Come on, kid. You're not a freakin' woman. Don't play the 'it's nothing' game with me."

He called me 'kid' because I was named Matt too, after him. I guess he didn't like saying his own name so many times. I stirred a French fry in some ketchup, daydreaming a bit.

"It's a chick, isn't it? It's a chick, right? You got some little filly givin' you the run-around or something?"

Chomp. Another bite of his burger disappeared.

"It's not a girl."

It was a girl though. I wanted to talk about it. Uncle Matt always had great advice, but I didn't want to seem like I was bitching and moaning about it so I lied. Or at least tried to.

"Come on ... What's her name? Is it that Clarissa chick again?"

"Nah. That Clarissa chick's a bitch. Won't even talk to me anymore, since she started seeing Donovan Gable."

Clarissa Campbell went around telling all her friends she liked me, really liked me, but then, the day I was gonna ask her out, she suddenly forgot all about me when Donovan Gable mentioned that he thought she was cute.

"So who is it then?"

"I been hanging out with this guy named Jeff. And there's this girl his sister is friends with. She's super hot."

It was actually Jeff's sister herself that I liked. I wasn't even really all that interested in hanging out with Jeff. But his sister Dana was killer cute! Oh my god! I almost couldn't breathe around her. I didn't want to get into all that with uncle Matt though, so I lied once again.

"So what's the problem?"

"I don't know. She just doesn't seem interested in guys at all. She's like, all about school, and reading and shit. I can't even get her to say hi. She just looks up from her book and nods or whatever."

"Bookworm, huh?"

"Yup. And she lies on her tummy, readin', with these tight little sweats on, and her bum sticks up, all nice and round, and she slowly waves it back and forth as she turns the pages. I just wanna grab it. It's so hot."

"How old?"

"Like, fourteen I guess. Same as me."

"She in any of your classes?"

"Nah. I see her around school though."

"So why does she spend so much time reading over at Jeff's house? You'd think she be hanging out with Jeff's sister, giggling and talking and shit."

Shit. Caught in a lie!

"I don't know. She's a bookworm, like I said."

"Doe's Jeff's sister know you like her?"

His hamburger was done now and he was drawing a little red line of ketchup down the length of each individual French fry before popping them into his mouth.

"Why don't you just dip your fries like I do?"

"Consistency. I want all the flavour at once, not just on one end. Why you avoiding the question?"

"I'm not avoiding the question. She doesn't know I like her. I don't know if she knows anything except what's going on in the books she's reading."

"What kind of books are they?"

"They're like, those crappy teen romance things. They make ya wanna puke just looking at the cover. It's always some hottie guy with all these muscles and shit and some little bimbo with her tits almost falling out, just wetting herself over him. So phony."

"Don't knock those books, kid. They'll get you laid faster than any line you and I can ever come up with."

"What do you mean? How?"

I dipped a French fry and bit it.

"I'll let you in on a great secret, my boy. It's gotten me more pussy than anything else known to man."

"Okay."

He wasn't kidding either. Every family get-together, Uncle Matt always had the hottest piece of ass you ever saw, just hanging on his arm like he owned her. It was insane. All us guys were always amazed. Even my dad sometimes, though he'd never let it show around my mom.

Uncle Matt lowered his voice, "Women want their lives to be like those books. They see movies, they read magazines, they listen to music on the radio, all because they want their own boring lives to be just like the women they see in those stories, exciting, mysterious, dangerous, sexy. All a guy has to do is find out what a woman's reading, and become that for her."

"As if I'm ever gonna be some hottie hunk blow-dryed Ken doll."

I was no Donovan Gable. That's for sure.

"You don't have to look like those guys. You have to be those guys. Looks are only mildly important to a gal anyway. If a guy's exciting, it doesn't matter that he's only got average looks. I mean, look at me. Do I look like frickin' Brad Pitt?"

He was alright to look at, but I doubted any woman would go out of her way to chase him down for his number.

"Not Brad Pitt maybe, but you're okay."

"Exactly. If I did look like Brad Pitt I'd probably scare most women away. They're all so damn insecure."

"I don't get it."

"The only thing you gotta know, kid, is that women want excitement, but they still want to be safe. If they go after someone out of their league, they might get rejected, right? And then they'd feel like a fool for trying. That's no good. So they take a guy like me, who looks normal enough, but acts thrilling, makes them feel like they're with Brad Pitt. They wanna feel like they're on a rollercoaster, but they don't wanna risk being taken for a ride, if you follow."

"I don't."

"It's all about their emotions. They want thrills. But they don't wanna be crushed and heartbroken. They want challenge, but they don't wanna lose anything."

"Girls are stupid."

"It only seems that way, kid. If you ask me, it's guys who are stupid. We want thrills too, and we'll risk everything and even ruin our lives to get 'em. Girls at least play it safe. Most of the time, anyway."

"So what does all this have to do with this girl I know?"

Uncle Matt was done eating. He pushed his tray away, brushed his hands off, and wiped his mouth with a napkin.

"Okay, here's what we're gonna do. I've done this a few times and it usually works."

"Done what?"

"Just let me finish. Don't interrupt."

"Sorry."

"We're gonna do what's called Book Worming."

"Book Worming?"

"It's a way of scoring with a gal who's an avid reader. It's not easy to do, but if you're crafty and ballsy enough, it works really ... well..."

He trailed off, turning to watch this sexy young mom stroll by with a tray full of food. He made some low growl of approval and seemed dazed for a moment. The woman looked cute and all, but she was just so ... old. Probably like twenty-five or something crazy like that.

"I'd so hit that. Look at that fuckin' ass! Would you hit that?"

"I guess. I dunno."

"Mmm, mmm, mmmm. Like two candy apples."

"So Book Worming. How's it work?"

"Okay. First, you plant a book. Find someplace where you know she regularly does her reading, and leave a book behind that'll tempt her curiosity. Make sure she doesn't see you do it and make sure that only she's around when she finds it. It has to be her dirty little secret. That's part of the thrill. That's very important. And it can't be just any book. It has to be a very special book that you specifically picked out."

"Okay. Why?"

"Because you're gonna become the book for her, as she reads it."

"And this is supposed to get me laid how?"

"Because it's not just any book, it's a dirty, naughty, sexy book, which you've read in advance, and memorized. And once you plant it, and she starts reading it, feeling naughty and dirty and sexy in her secret fantasies, you start acting out certain scenes from the book to trigger her. She begins to associate that horniness with you, the more you do it, and the next thing you know she snaps one day, and bang, you're in bed with her, between her legs, and making all her fantasies come true. You're becoming her own personal Brad Pitt."

"But I'm not Brad Pitt."

"Here's the biggest secret of all, kid: It's not about what you think. It's about what she thinks. After all, isn't it her decision whether or not she's gonna sleep with you in the first place? It has very little to do with you and your choices. All you can do is present yourself as an option. But if you can make her think it was her idea all along, her burning desire, you've won before you've even begun."

That made a hell of a lot of sense, but was I really ballsy and crafty enough to pull it off?

"I don't know, Matt."

"You know I'm right. Guys everywhere are bumbling around, struggling for scraps of attention from women, and you could have the full course meal delivered to your door whenever you want it. All it takes is a little boldness, a little bit of guts."

"And you've done this before? It's worked for you?"

"It has. There was this chick who goes to the same doctor as me. Every time I go down there, she's always in the waiting room, looking so fucking fine I almost die every time I see her. And she's always reading in there, so I decided to bookworm her. I found out when her next appointment was. The receptionist told her as she was leaving. And I came back that day and dropped a book next to her car. Then I watched for a while until I saw her come out. Sure enough, she picks up the book, thinking some passer-by lost it or something, but then when she sees that it's an erotic book, she actually stood there reading it for a few minutes. Then she put it in her purse and drove off."

I leaned forward, eyes wide. "And?"

"Well a month later she's back in the doctor's office again, and I just know she's read that thing probably six times already. She's a nice girl, and she's probably too embarrassed to go get another one from a bookstore, so she re-reads that one over and over until she's almost memorized it, especially the very dirty parts. But the trick is, I've read it too. And when I walk up to her and ask her in a slightly French accent if she knows where I can get a decent cup of coffee, her face turns beet red instantly and she starts giggling and stammering as she talks to me. See, it's a scene from the book, where the guy first meets the girl, and I've got brown hair and green eyes just like him, and she's got blonde hair and blue eyes, just like her. I picked it out that way, right? And I start matching myself up to this Jacques character word for word and her little gears start turning. Suddenly everything all lines up for her—I'm her fantasy come true, plain old uncle Matt—and by the end of the day I was fucking her up against the door of her apartment, just like in the book. I didn't have to beg or plead or even ask. It was all her idea. It was all in her own head, because of the book and she made it happen. Get it?"

"Wow..."

I was stunned. He grinned at me and cocked an eyebrow. He saw on my face that I suddenly believed it might actually work with Dana Peterson.

"And I kept it up, keeping her stringing along for a good two months before she finally caught on. I had her jumping and running every time I called, rushing down to blow me, fuck me, let me do all the nasty things to her she'd read about in the book. Women want to believe the fantasy is true. They'll even try and talk themselves into believing a lie, if the lie is exciting enough. All you gotta do is get their imagination running, and they do the rest."

"How'd it end?"

"I got cocky. I stupidly went and told a buddy of mine about it. He went and tried to hit on her too, using my same tricks, and she figured it out. That's the other thing you gotta know. Don't tell anyone! Not even your best friends. They'll turn on you in the blink of an eye if there's pussy dangling in front of their noses. Trust no one."

"Okay. Trust no one. Got it. Then what?"

"I'll tell you what. Describe this girl to me, in as much detail as you can, and I'll pick you out a book to plant on her, the perfect book, where the lead woman is exactly like her, and the lead guy is exactly like you, and all the sex is hot and dirty, and everyone's always 'scared as hell, but yielding to their dirtiest desires anyway.' Know what I mean?"

"Yeah. That way Dana will do the same thing, when she reads it."

"Exactly."

"Cool..."

I grinned, zoning out for a moment and imagining Dana yielding to her dirtiest desires with me on top of her. Matt flipped open a notebook. Then he took out a pen and looked at me expectantly.

I described Dana in every intimate little detail I could remember, her looks, her mannerisms, her habits, her way of talking. By the time we were done I was shaking I was so excited.

"I'll find something really steamy and sexy. You read it, memorize it, and then plant it in her room somewhere. Make sure Jeff doesn't find out about it or he might steal the book from her."

(Apparently he'd figured out my lie about her being Jeff's sister's friend. He didn't call me on it though.)

Finally we were done and we got up to head out to our movie. It was some kung fu thing where people were somehow able to run up walls and stand on a skinny little branch of a tree without breaking it or falling off. Of course I couldn't concentrate on it. I was too busy thinking about Dana and that sweetly swaying ass of hers ... like two candy apples. Yeah ... Mmm, mmm, mmmm...

Matt added one more thing as he dropped me off at home again, "You gotta make me a promise, kid: This is our little secret. You tell no one about this. Got it? Especially not anyone in our family. Imagine the trouble I'd get in if people found out I was helping little Matty get his carrot wet."

"I won't tell a soul. I swear."

I didn't either. Having sex with Dana Peterson was worth more to me than spilling this juicy little secret could ever be. And I needed Uncle Matt's help.
Chapter 2
Home - Top   Feedback to author
Home « Ken Randall's Page « Book Worming Index « Previous - Settings
Chapter 2
Posted: July 01, 2010 - 09:39:37 pm
?

Getting that book into Dana's bedroom turned out to be crazy hard. I brought it over to Jeff's house in my school bag, which I left by the front door with the zipper slightly open. The front entrance took a left down the hall toward the bedrooms, but it was right behind the living room. I mean, the couch was literally right there. You would go in and lean on the back of the couch to take off your shoes. That's how close it was. And Jeff was sitting on the couch.

Dana was lying on her tummy on the floor as usual, swaying her bum back and forth as she read her book. I kept waiting for the opportunity to sneak back behind the couch to my book bag, quietly slide the book out, and sneak down the hall and stash it into Dana's bedroom somewhere without being seen or heard. The opportunity never came though. I was too shit scared. Uncle Matt wasn't kidding when he said some boldness would be required. It would be a shame to throw away two weeks of reading just because I was too chicken to sneak the book into her room. But every time I even thought about trying it, my whole system flew into a panic.

"What the hell is up with you, Matt? You've been sitting there looking like your grandma died or something."

Jeff quickly munched a chip and wiped the grease off his fingers before grabbing the game controller again. He looked back at the screen just before the evil denizens of some dungeon regrouped for a fresh assault on his hit points with an anguished sounding roar.

"Just thinking."

"Well quit it. You're acting like a freak."

"Shhh!" Danna said, not looking back.

"Don't shush me, dumb-ass. Go read in your room if we're too noisy for you."

Don't! Oh, please! Don't go read in your room!

She didn't move, except for her bum. It swayed slowly to the left, then back to the right. Then her head turned to read down the right hand side of the page, and her bum headed toward the left again. Wow. So round! So hot in her tight little sweat pants.

"Dammit! Goddamn fuckin' wind trolls and their goddamned hurricane attack! Fuck!"

More chips were consumed, as though that would somehow give Jeff more power over the enemy.

"Trying to read here!" Dana said, louder than the violent blather from the game.

My mind wandered to the scenes in the book. I'd been reading it for sixteen days already, every waking moment I had free, reading and memorizing, studying every mannerism and nuance of the book's hero, Chet Remington. In the book he was an undercover agent, smart, sneaky, sexy, cocky, confident, with eyes and hair like mine, and a slow cool voice that made the ladies melt when he spoke to them. I had no idea how Uncle Matt figured I could pull off such an act, but he seemed to think I had it in me.

"Just imagine Dana melting before you if you just show a little boldness, and the boldness will come. It really will."

I didn't believe him, and when I read the book I felt even more intimidated. Chet Remington was super cool! Nothing fazed him. Nothing flustered him. He walked from one situation to another, taking out the bad guys and laying the ladies down for some super hot love ... all except for one: Daria Primrose. She was smart, sexy, bookish, proud, and just as cocky as he was. She was an avid reader, a research assistant for some crooked politician, and she thought herself too clever and far too cool to fall for Chet's seductive come-ons. She gave in to him in the end though, worn down by his persistence. Saving her ass from an assassination attempt helped too, but it was mostly his boyish charm, or so she told him near the middle of the book just before giving him a wet nasty blowjob. (I'd jerked off to that scene at least twice a day since I'd first read it, imagining Dana and I in their places.) Daria swallowed his "hot ejaculate with an eagerness that nearly embarrassed her". But would Dana do that with mine? Chet gave it to her "with a satisfied grin, palming her cheek like an artist appraising a sculpture". How could I ever possibly hope to be so cool, with the most beautiful girl on earth on her knees in front of me? It was impossible!

One thing was for sure: I'd never find out sitting around on the couch with my thumb up my butt. I had to find a way to get that book into Dana's hot little hands.

"Where you goin'? Your turn's coming up soon."

"I have to go to the can. Play for me."

I didn't go to the can though. I walked up to it, looked back to make sure Jeff wasn't looking, and then closed the bathroom door in front of myself without going in. Then I ducked into Dana's room, right across the hall. It was time to look around.

I'd never even been in her room before, never even saw it with the door open for that matter. If I was gonna sneak that book in there, I had to plan it out a bit, make sure there was a place to put it that it wouldn't be too obviously planted. If she thought for a moment that it was planted, I'd be the first person she'd suspect. Where to put it though? Under her pillow? No. In a drawer? No way! That would be way too obvious. On the bookshelf with her other books? No, no, no! What the hell was I gonna do?

What would Chet Remington do?

Chet Remington would simply walk up to the babe in question, look her in the eye, press the book into her hands and say "A gift for you, mon Cheri..." The smooth-talking bastard was no help at all.

The lights were out and the curtains were drawn. They were purplish curtains, and the whole room had a dark-bluish tint to it. I thought for a moment about clicking the light on to get a better look around, but decided against it. I finally decided I'd better just slide the book into the bottom drawer of her desk and hope for the best. At least there she would-

"Fuckin' goddamn mother-fucking stupid-ass wind trolls!"

"Shut up, Jeff! God, you're annoying!"

Damn! Was she getting up!? Was she coming down the hall? Oh no! Busted!

I did what any panicked fourteen-year-old would do in that situation. I ducked into the closet and hoped she would be in and out in a few seconds. I shut the closet door just as she opened the bedroom door, but when she slammed the door shut again, the closet door clicked open, and drifted a few inches. Suddenly I could see her. She threw herself down on the bed. Worse though: she could see me, if she looked. The bedroom was dim and shadowy, but she could still see me, if she looked.

"Asshole!" she said quietly to herself. Then she let out a deep sigh and relaxed. She was lying on her tummy. Her face was toward me, her cheek pressed into the bedspread. Luckily, her eyes were closed or she might have looked right over and seen me. I stood there in the shade of her closet, smelling her clothes, feeling my heart pound like it was trying to beat its way right out of my body.

There was Dana Peterson, less than six feet away from me, lying relaxed on her bed, her beautiful ass swaying gently back and forth as always. I just stared. In a few moments Jeff would wonder what was taking me so long and come looking for me, and I was trapped. I had no way out now. Game over.

Those minutes passed, but Jeff was apparently completely absorbed in his game. I think he'd finally gotten past the wind trolls. I heard him growling "Yes! Yes! Yes!" at one point and then he was quiet again.

And there was Dana. I was terrified out of my brain that she would get up to get something from the closet, see me sitting in there, and scream, calling me a pervert, beating the hell out of me, telling all her friends at school what a creepy sicko I was.

But she was so beautiful! I was entranced. The metal hangers above me tinkled like thin little wind chimes. The shirt my face was pressed into smelled of girl, sweet, pretty, soft girly girl. It was some kind of almost feather-soft wool. If I could have made a pillowcase out of that shirt, I'd sleep like a baby every single night.

The door creaked open a bit. I don't know why. I hadn't leaned on it or anything. It just creaked open a bit more on its own, liked someone had lifted the entire house up a bit and leaned it toward Dana's bed, but only an inch. I panicked for a moment, and then the door drifted back again. Damn that was freaking me out. It was like the closet was breathing, whispering to her... look over here, Dana ... there's a pervy young man in your closet ... watching you ... look...

Creeeeaaak...

She didn't hear the creak, or if she did, she ignored it. Perhaps it happened all the time and she didn't even notice anymore. She ignored it anyway, laying there with her cheek on her bedspread and her ass swaying gently in some unseen breeze. And I sat in there, panicked like a murderer who was about to be caught with the body of his victim.

I ducked further into the shadows, ready to pull the shirt over my face if she moved to look toward the closet. She didn't. She released a long sexy sigh and pulled her hands down to her hips. Then she lifted her pelvis from the bed, elevating that angelic little ass of hers for a moment. She slid her hands underneath herself and let her body drop into repose again.

Her bottom wasn't swaying anymore. Had she fallen asleep? Could I sneak myself out before she-

Her bum started moving again, but this time it wasn't side to side. It was up and down. Her contented, relaxed smile faded, her mouth opened a bit, her eyes suddenly looked troubled, and her bum was moving again—up and down. It was a sweet, delicate motion, like she was floating on a gently rippling pond, but I could see every little move she made. Up and down. Up and down. What was she doing?

I think maybe she had to pee. She was waiting for me to get out of the bathroom so she could use it, and while she waited, she tucked her hands down against her privates and massaged them, waiting, holding it in. That's why she looked so troubled. Damn! What was I gonna do? I had to get out of the bathroom before she pissed herself, but I wasn't even in the bathroom!

Her motions continued. She pumped her privates delicately against her hand and I just watched, helpless. Her breath got breathier, and her face reddened a bit. Damn! She looked like she was ready to piss herself. Her brow scrunched up and her mouth opened wider. Then her motions got faster and faster, until she suddenly seized up altogether. Suddenly every muscle in her body tightened and shuddered. Her breath caught in her body somewhere, and she was completely still, except for vigorous shudders that shook through her. She was gonna piss herself soon. I knew how that felt.

She released a few high, sweet grunts and gasps, and then let out a quiet little moan, long and sensuous. It was kinda funny cause it almost sounded like she was getting laid or something. Some people are weird when they gotta take a piss. Some people, dance and shiver and hop up and down. Dana laid there, humping her hand, moaning like she was having and orgasm, sexy as hell. Everything she did was sexy.

"I beat those bastards, Matty! Come check it out!"

Okay. Shit. I was fucked now.

Dana yanked her hands from beneath her pelvis and turned away to face the wall. Could I sneak out now and-

"What the hell is taking you so goddamn long!?"

Now Jeff was stomping down the hall. He banged on the bathroom door.

"Matt! What the hell!? You've been in there for fifteen minutes already!"

Why had I snuck into this fucking bedroom!? I was doomed!

He banged on the door again.

"Shut up, JP! I'm tryna take a nap!"

A nap? I thought she was waiting for me to get out of the bathroom so she could piss. If she had to go so badly, wouldn't she be out there with Jeff, trying to hurry me up?

"Matt, are you even in here?"

The bathroom door opened.

"What the fuck? Where'd..."

Then Dana's bedroom door opened. A cold, pale chill of dread passed over me. Now I was doomed.

"Is Matt in... ?"

"No! Why the hell would he come in here? Get the fuck out!"

"Well where the hell is he?"

Jeff left without shutting the door. Dana rolled over and glared. She still didn't see me peering out from the shadows like a frightened rodent.

"Shut the goddamn... Urrgh!"

She got up and stomped down the hall after him. I think she followed him right outside too. I couldn't hear them yelling at each other anymore. I leapt from the closet all a panic. Now was my chance, my one chance, my only chance to escape. But to where!? Back into the bathroom? He'd already checked for me in there. What was I supposed to say? "Fooled you! I was invisible all along!" Urrgh indeed!

I ran for the bathroom anyway. Better to be caught in there than in Dana's room. I tripped over her schoolbag though, and just about smashed right through the bathroom door. It flew open with a loud bang and damn near put a hole in the wall. I had no time to worry about that though. I got up again and spun around in little circles, looking for somewhere to hide.

The shower! I jumped into the shower, yanked the curtain shut again, and stood there panting. No one had seen me. I would just hide in here until the came back to look for me and jump out like I was just pulling a prank on them. Boo! That just might work.

All this trouble for a piece of ass! Damn...

Jeff and Dana were yelling at each other in the front yard. I could hear them out the bathroom window.

"I don't care where your stupid friend is! Shut the goddamn door when you leave my room!"

"Who cares about your goddamn fucking door, Dana! Help me find Matt. He's probably gonna jump out and scare the hell out of us somewhere."

"You guys are so immature!"

"Did you look in your closet? He might be hiding in there."

"He better fuckin' not be! I'll tell mom!"

Then she was running back into the house again and down the hall. I heard her closet door swing across the carpet and the clothes hangers tinkled again. Then she stomped off down the hall again.

Eventually, Jeff came back into the bathroom again, after checking everywhere else in the house. Dana was right behind him.

"Maybe he went home."

"N'ah. He wouldn't leave without saying goodbye. He's around here some-"

"BAH-HAHAHAHAHA, motherfucker!"

I jumped out from behind the curtain and scared them both white as a sheet. Then I stood there laughing like I'd meant to do it all along.

"Fuckin' son-of-a ... I almost pissed my pants, you dumb-ass!"

"Got you good, fuckers! Ha ha! 'Maybe he went home!'"

"You're an asshole, Matt!" Dana said, her eyes flaring at me with rage. She looked kinda sexy though, standing there with one hand on one of her tits, sorta panting at me like I'd just made her come or something.

"Good one, dick-head. Now let's get back to the game."

Oh well. I guess the book would have to wait for another day.

Or so I thought. No sooner had Jeff and I shuffled out of the washroom than Dana closed the door behind us to use the facilities. I stopped in front of her doorway, staring down at an object of sudden inspiration—her schoolbag! Jeff wandered down the hall ahead of me and went straight back to the couch, snatching up the game controller and explaining to me how he'd finally beaten the wind trolls. I didn't hear a word he said. I went straight to my schoolbag as soon as his back was turned, grabbed the paperback, Dangerous Desires, and snuck swiftly back down the hall to Dana's doorway.

The book slid into her bag without the slightest whisper. There were even a few other girly paperbacks in there already, although not nearly so graphically sexual as the one I'd added. She was in for a naughty little treat. I grinned, shuffling mine in between a couple of others and closing her back again, exactly the way it had been. Then I was back down the hall before Jeff had even finished his rant about how stupid it was to have to bounce fire spells off of the walls behind the wind trolls. Jeff was kinda nerdy about the games, but I pretended I was interested in them, just to be near Dana. She was a goddess to my fourteen-year-old eyes.

"That is pretty stupid. But you'd probably hate it more if it was too easy."

"I guess."

Dana stepped out of the bathroom again, snatched up her schoolbag, and slammed her bedroom door again. It was homework time.

The idea was so clever I don't know why I hadn't thought of it sooner. Leaving the book in her schoolbag was the only place I could have left it without her immediately suspecting I'd planted it there myself while hiding. Finding it in her bag, she'd simply assume she'd grabbed the wrong book from the library or something. She was at the library every day after school. Sure she might eventually wonder how a pornographic novel got into a public school library, but for now, at least the heat was off of me.

The school bag idea was also a good way to guarantee she found the book right away. In the bottom of her drawer somewhere, it might have taken days, or weeks, or maybe her mom would have found it before she did, God forbid!

I sat down to take my turn at the game, but got my ass handed to me almost immediately.

"Damn, you suck, boy! What the hell?"

"My character isn't as advanced as yours. Gimmie a break! I don't spend four hours a day playing this shit like you do."

"Admit it: you're just a lame-ass bitch."

"Whatever."

His taunts didn't get to me at all. At that moment I felt like the most clever son-of-a-bitch alive, clever at the things that really mattered in life anyway, like actually scoring with a real live girl.

We played for another half hour and I decided I'd better head home. I had homework of my own to do. But before I did I wandered down the hall to Dana's door again. It was quiet in there. I opened the door and peeked in. She was sitting at her desk, scanning over a page of Dangerous Desires with wide eyes, sucking one knuckle nervously between her lips. Her other hand was pressed to her cheek in an oh-my-god expression. Evidently she was reading about how Chet Remington was sliding his "rigid instrument" deep into some sexy lady's "trembling apex of churning femininity".

God, she was beautiful. The look in her eyes was of shaken innocence within the hormonal storm her soul had become.

"Dana?"

She jumped, yanking the book behind her back with a sweep of her hand and straightening up in her seat. Her tits thrust out atop the quick motion and jiggled a bit. She took a deep breath and pushed a strand of hair behind her ear. She seemed more surprised than angry at me, and sort of embarrassed.

"What, Matt?"

"I just wanted to apologize for scaring you before. It was dumb and immature."

"You didn't really scare me. I was just out of breath from searching all over the place..."

She trailed off. I was staring directly into her eyes, giving her a "dark, penetrating gaze that stabbed directly into the darkest secrets of her womanhood and seemed to stir itself around in there for a moment". My natural instinct was to tear my eyes away from hers at the first notion of self-consciousness, but I fought it. I locked on and stared her down until she looked away, blinking rapidly and fidgeting with an eyeliner pencil on her desk. Then she looked back at me again, as though curious about something. It was working, the boldness, the aggressive thrust of my will to fuck her streaming across the room from my eyes to hers. It was working. She'd completely lost her train of thought and just returned my stare like she'd never seen me before in her entire life.

"Either way, I'm sorry ... Dana..."

Then I backed out slowly, holding her gaze with mine until I disappeared behind the closed door. My heart was pounding wildly. The moment had nearly suffocated me half to death, but I'd made myself stare directly into her eyes. I stood in the hallway a moment more until I heard a somewhat surprised sigh rush out of her.

The book was planted. The first seed was sown. I strolled out of the house as cool and confident as Chet Remington himself.
Chapter 3

Home « Ken Randall's Page « Book Worming Index « Previous - Settings
Chapter 3
Posted: July 07, 2010 - 08:48:37 am
?
Dangerous Desires: Chapter 2

Daria Primrose stood in the hallway, adjusting her skirt before entering Senator Safferon's office. She knew he would give her 'the look' if anything was out of place. The look meant something was flawed on her, something was less-than-adequate. The slightest disapproval set her career plans back six months and she'd already seen the look several times. So she was impeccable in her dress and manner at all times. But just to be on the safe side, she undid a couple of buttons, revealing some cleavage. Perhaps that might distract him from any other flaws she hadn't noticed. She knocked twice.

"Come," was all he said. She went in. He was standing beside his desk, sorting through a mess of papers as though in desperate search for something that could save his job if he found it.

He gave her a look, but not the look. There was a lustful twinkle in his eye as he glanced down at her chest.

"Good," he said. "Very good."

"Sir?" she replied. Her hand rose self-consciously to cover the V of exposed cleavage.

"Where are we with the Montrose situation?" he asked.

Right down to business then. Good, Daria thought.

"The environmentalists promise to drop the lawsuit if Mr. Montrose agrees to clean up the sewage spill and pay damages to the land owners along the riverbank."

"And does he agree?"

"He does not. He stands to lose millions. You'll have to call him."

"I thought I asked you to make him agree."

"With all due respect, sir, I'm a research assistant, not a prostitute."

"I'm not asking you to do anything immoral, Ms. Primrose. But I am suggesting you do whatever it takes to shut this issue down. Need I remind you that there are two hundred and forty five resumes on file of women as qualified as you in every way?"

"I seriously doubt any of them could have gotten you out of that Sarah Benjamin affair, no matter how much T & A they threw at your ex wife."

"Touche," the senator said. "Nevertheless, Montrose must be persuaded at any cost."

Daria threw a file folder down on her boss's desk.

"Call him. Tell him you have fourteen plant workers that have agreed to testify that he told them to defy federal regulations in the name of a mere 2.5% increase in annual profit. He'll be cooked alive for that. And this is besides the dirt I dug up on the leader of the Green Brigade environmentalist group. Apparently he's been taking bribes from an automobile corporation to keep the heat off of the emission-control failures of their new line of SUVs. He was quite embarrassed, and he agreed to halt the lawsuit. He only wants the reparations paid out as a token, in case anyone asks why he suddenly changed his heart. All of which proves once again what I've been telling you all along, sir. That the brain is mightier than the genitals."

"Indeed," her boss replied. But his eyes fell to her chest once more, proving her contention false. No matter how smart she was, no matter how good she was at her job, she knew a big part of the reason he kept her around was the eye-candy factor. Her D-sized tits, Playboy centerfold ass, and hourglass waistline kept her at the top of his stack of resumes. It had been like that from day one. She also knew she was relying on these external features far too much lately, and she hated herself for it.

"Something else has come up, Ms. Primrose."

She adjusted her stance, standing up straighter. She felt the fabric at the front of her shirt strain with the motion, as though one more button might pop open at any moment.

"Apparently we're being investigated," he said.

"We?" she asked.

"Me," he answered. "I'm being investigated. A certain Chet Remington has been asking around about our interests in Nightedge Enterprises."

"The weapons manufacturer?"

The senator had some of his personal assets invested in an arms manufacturer. It had helped to secure his vote for increased presence in various military operations around the globe. He was getting richer with every soldier that got killed overseas. And if anyone found out about it, his career would be over. Daria didn't much like it, but she was halfway to being a millionaire after only eight months of covering up the skeletons in the Senator's closet.

"Yes. Now I'm not saying we are actually involved in their business operations or have any interest at all in them. I'm just saying it would be far better if Mr. Remington were to be have his inquisitive little nose diverted from that particular dung pile."

"You need me to dig up dirt on him?"

"I need you to convince him, by any means necessary, that there's nothing of interest to be found in this affair. A disgruntled underling of mine, a fat fuck named Edward Grevinger is supposed to meet him for lunch to spill the beans. Luckily I found out about it just in time and sent him on a last-minute business trip to Northern Scandinavia. I want you to meet Mr. Remington in his place."

Details were exchanged and by the time Daria left the office, she was furious. Once again, she was being dangled like a piece of meat before a dog, and there was nothing she could do about it. She would much rather use blackmail on this clod, like she always did—everyone has dirt on them—but Senator Safferon insisted that time was too precious for such games. She was to meet this total stranger, and if it took "bending over and letting him slide it into her tight pink little asshole", she was to simply hand over the lube. If it got him off the Nightedge trail, she was to stoop to whatever dirty little deeds he asked of her, or she would find a new set of tits and ass at her desk come Monday morning, hopefully someone who was willing to use the all the assets she had on hand.

Daria had often thought of blackmailing the senator himself. Afterall, she had more dirt on him than anyone else she'd ever met in his employ. He'd made it very clear to her however that for every stain of dirt she threw at him, he had an alibi, and such disloyalty would result in a lot worse punishment than simple firing. She believed him too.

"Bastard!" she snarled to herself, and undid another couple of buttons on her way down the elevator.

She was looking around the restaurant for a fat, balding businessman type, trying to guess which one of these wolves she'd been thrown to, when a brutally handsome young man stepped up beside her.

"How many lawyers and politicians can they possibly cram into one building without the place collapsing in on itself from the sheer weight of the evil?" he said.

Daria turned and looked into the most devastating blue eyes she'd ever seen. He was a few years older than her, but something in his eyes made him look younger, carefree, almost innocent. Then he smiled at her and she could only look at him for a moment more. She tore her eyes away and scanned the room, nearly shaking from the intensity of his gaze, and from the chaotic arousal she suddenly felt.

"I'm sure they could add a few more," she replied. "I've seen this place completely packed. It somehow gets darker in here when it's wall-to-wall lawyers."

"I'm supposed to meet one of them. Will you have a drink with me before hand to settle my head?"

"I ... Why would you need to have a drink with me?"

He turned to face her again, and bowed slightly, as though addressing royalty.

"There's something about an extremely beautiful woman that just calms the nerves. Just knowing you're out there somewhere, will keep me from snapping and punching the schmuck in the face for his crooked dealings."

"I would love to join you, sir, but I'm afraid I've been sent to meet someone myself. If you're still here when I'm done, I'll take you up on the offer. Fair enough?"

"Very fair," he replied.

Then he reached up and brushed a strand of hair from her cheek. She flinched a bit at first, but when she realized he wasn't grabbing at her chest, she yielded to the contact. Her heart leapt like a high diver from a thirty-foot platform however, splashing down somewhere in her guts and swimming around down there before surfacing for much-needed air. The crazy, gorgeous fool had actually touched her cheek.

Then he winked at her and wandered into the restaurant.

She stood for a moment, composing herself. She could barely even walk now with her panties wet like they suddenly were. She headed to the ladies room. After she met this Chet Remington asshole, she just might let that handsome stranger with the blond hair take her back to his place. It had been so long since she felt such arousal, such instant connection.

But when she emerged from the washroom and saw the young stranger sitting with a Dictaphone and a pad of paper in front of him, she froze in her tracks once more, this time with horror instead of arousal. Those two items were what she'd been told to look for. Oh no! She walked slowly up to the man.

"Excuse me," she said. He looked up again. He smiled at her again. "Are you ... Mr. Remington?"

"Call me Chet," he said, offering her a handshake.

She slid into the seat across from him. She reminded herself to breathe. She forced herself to look him in the eye. "I'm Daria Primrose," she told him. "Mr. Grevinger was unfortunately called away at the last minute, but I've been sent to meet you in his stead."

Chet Remington leaned forward and smiled. He dropped his pen and folded his hands together, like two lovers intertwining limbs in a carnal embrace.

"Well lucky me," he breathed out. Daria Primrose decided in that instant, in spite of her own best judgement, that this man would be her next lover. She would make that soft sweet voice of his would moan in her ear as she wrapped her naked limbs around him. She would do whatever he asked of her.
Chapter 4
Home - Top   Feedback to author

Home « Ken Randall's Page « Book Worming Index « Previous - Settings
Chapter 4
Posted: July 07, 2010 - 08:48:37 am
Updated: July 12, 2010 - 09:42:18 am
?

The next few weeks were hell. I spent every waking moment, wondering if she'd finished the book, wondering if she'd actually been as hot for Chet Remington as uncle Matt said she would be, and wondering when and how I should put the moves on her, the Chet moves. It didn't help that she was in none of my classes. Though we were both in ninth grade, we didn't have a single class together or even one friend in common, so any approach I made on her would be a fairly obvious attempt to hit on her, and that might even tip her off that it was me who planted the book.

I was in math class one day, finishing up an assignment after everyone else had left. This is the trouble with daydreaming, wondering, and worrying all day about how you're gonna seduce one of the hottest girls you know: you don't get much school work done. Anyway, I was the last one to hand in the work in the last class of the day, and it was just me and the teacher left. She seemed impatient for me to get going so she could go home.

"Two more minutes, Mr. Rolandson," Mrs Burgenn said from her desk.

"Just about done..."

I penciled in the last couple of answers and walked up to drop in on her desk. She took it, looking up at me with a dismissive sneer, all but rolling her eyes at me for making her wait so long after class.

While she marked it, I happened to notice a list of names on her desk. The reason I noticed it was because the name Dana Peterson was circled and underlined, with three question marks beside it. Since there couldn't be two girls with the same name in the same school, I could only assume it was Jeff's sister.

"What's up with this list?" I asked casually. "I know a couple of these kids."

"This list?" she said, not looking up. "These are the kids who are gonna need some extra tutoring. Some of them more than others too."

"Dana Peterson needs extra tutoring?" I asked. "I always thought she was a straight-A student."

"She was, up until recently. I don't know what's gotten into her, but she hasn't passed a single test or quiz all week."

"So who are you getting to tutor her?"

"Someone who has passed, though, as you can see by the length of the list here, there aren't many."

"I can tutor her if you want. She's my buddy Jeff's sister. We actually know each other."

I think she saw through my little scheme pretty quick. She stopped marking my test and glanced up at me over her glasses.

"You're gonna teach someone math when you couldn't even get your paper handed in on time?"

"I just wanted to make sure all the answers were right."

"So far they seem to be. You haven't gotten a single answer wrong. I'll tell you what. If you get a hundred percent on this quiz, I'll send you to tutor one of these kids, since you're so eager to help."

"Dana?" I said, far too eagerly. She saw through me once again.

"I'd prefer you tutor someone of your own gender, young man. If you're interested in dating her, you should just ask her out directly and leave the math to someone who's thinking with the more elevated noggin."

I laughed a phoney laugh. "Come on! It's not even about that! She's my friend's sister. I just suggested it cause we already know each other. As far as I know, she can't stand me. She thinks I'm just one of her brother's stupid friends."

"Right," she said, not believing me at all. It was probably because my face was beet-red. But then again, it could have been because I was trembling like a bowl of jello in an earthquake. Some Chet Remington I turned out to be.

"Ninety-two ... Ninety-six ... One-hundred percent. God damn, boy. You actually did it."

Teachers aren't supposed to swear. She must have been really impressed.

"Like I said, I just wanted to make sure every answer was correct."

Total lies of course. I whipped them all off in my head the last minute after spending the entire class daydreaming about Dana's sweetly swaying ass, and how I would one day make it jiggle with my pelvic thrus-

"Alright. Be at the library tomorrow at four o'clock, Mr. Ronaldson. I'll pair you up with someone you can actually help."

Damn it! She had apparently already decided that Dana and I wouldn't get much done if we were together. Now I had to waste a whole afternoon tutoring some moron instead of working on some sort of progress with Dana. Talk about an epic backfire. Why can't things just work out perfectly like they do in books?

I went down there the next day and stood in the doorway for a few minutes, looking around at all the idiots who'd been sentenced to tutoring for failing a few tests. Dana was nowhere to be seen. This was the final straw of course. If I couldn't even look at her across the room, this whole operation would be a total loss. I turned to leave.

I was halfway to my locker when Mrs. Burgenn stopped me.

"Shouldn't you be at the library, Matt?"

Shit. Busted.

"I was, uh, just going to get a book."

"You don't need any of your books. The students being tutored have their own."

"I have a book I have to return. I figured I might as well do it now."

Lies, lies, lies. I was getting pretty good at it.

"Jeremy Mukins is waiting."

"Jeremy Mukins!?"

She nearly smirked, but held it back.

"Yes. Just try your best. He's knows he's nearly failing the entire grade again. He's desperate to do well."

Jeremy Mukins was a goliath of a kid. He'd been left back a couple of grades and was actually two years older than me. Trying to teach him math would be about as much fun as trying to hammer a nail into a brick wall with your forehead. He was a dumb-ass who used his brawn to get through life. Most kids were scared of him, even the twelfth graders.

I decided to grab a couple can drinks from the vending machine on my way back. If I was to spend the next few hours banging mathematical nails into the brick wall that was Jeremy Mukins, I'd need a good sugar buzz to prepare me.

When I got back to the library, Dana was standing in the doorway. She didn't notice me approach. She looked about as thrilled to be there as I was: as in, not thrilled at all. I scrambled for some clever quip to throw at her before she walked in and sat down, something Remingtonish. But lord God almighty was her ass ever fine! I couldn't even think straight. She let out a sigh and shifted her weight from one foot to the next.

"Look at these goofs," I finally said. "I'm surprised the books don't burst into flames from the epic amount of stupidity in the room."

She jumped at first. Apparently I'd startled her. She spun around and saw that it was me and relaxed again. But then she looked at me strangely for a moment, and then she said, "What are you doing here, Matt?"

"I'm supposed to meet one of these dodo heads and tutor them in math. How about you?"

"I..." she trailed off, just staring at me like she'd never seen me before in her life. "I'm here ... too. I mean ... ha ha! I'm tutoring too."

Apparently I wasn't the only one good at lying.

"Want a drink?" I muttered randomly at her. I extended the can to her and she just stared at it, and then at me, and then at the can again. Her pretty little mouth dropped open.

"A drink?" she said, as though she'd never seen a can of soda before either. Boy, she really was out of it this week.

"Yeah. Thought you might want one. If I gotta face tutoring one of these boneheads, I need to be prepared. But knowing you're here too helps as well. At least you're ... someone I know. If I'm nearly ready to smash my head through a desk in frustration, I'll just look over at you and smile."

"Why ... would you need to look over at me?"

"You're much prettier than Jeremy Mukins, I'll tell you that much. Ha ha! Compared to him, you're a goddess."

Damn! That sounded like such a cheesy line, or maybe an insult, depending how you looked at it. Uhg.

She was staring at me like I was a from another planet or something though. Really weird. It was actually making me nervous. I began to wonder if I had something on my face ... or something. Honestly though, if she wanted to stand there and stare at me all day, it was perfectly fine with me. I had a major crush on her, and just being that close to her was what I'd come here for in the first place. I could stand three hours with Jeremy Mukins, if I knew she was a few tables over, just lighting up the universe with her pretty little smile.

There was a hair on her cheek. It had fallen out of the butterfly clip that seemed to be holding her pretty blonde head together. I reached up to brush it behind her ear. She gasped and flinched back a bit.

"Sorry. You just got a..." I didn't even finish the sentence. She was so pretty I nearly choked on my own words. I brushed the little strand of hair back and just returned her gaze for a moment.

"I have to go!" she blurted out, and she suddenly ran from the library and disappeared around a corner. I stood there confused for a moment, wondering where she went so quickly and when she'd be back.

When she hadn't returned within a few minutes, I began to feel like a fool just standing there. So I released a long sigh and went to bang my head against Jeremy Mukins' idiocy for the next hour and a half.

Dana never did return though. God, I'm an idiot! My one chance to pull some mega cool Chet Remington moves on her, and all I did was brush a stupid strand of hair off her cheek!
Chapter 5
Home - Top   Feedback to author

Home « Ken Randall's Page « Book Worming Index « Previous - Settings
Chapter 5
Posted: July 12, 2010 - 09:41:14 am
?

Dangerous Desires: Chapter 4

The meeting had gone by so quickly, Daria barely got through her second drink before Chet was getting up to leave. Worse yet, she'd made very little progress convincing him that Senator Safferon had no connections at all to Nightedge Enterprises. In fact, they'd hardly discussed it at all. By the end of the conversation she'd felt like a fourteen year old girl trying to work up the courage to ask the cutest boy in school on a date. She did get his number though, on the pretence that they were to meet again to discuss a certain weapons manufacturing concern further. There she was supposed to bamboozle him, but she walked away feeling like she'd been handled like a lost little girl in a department store. But at the same time, something inside her felt wonderful about it.

It was growing dark out by the time she got out of there. The street lights were on. The neon signs were flickering. The marquee lights were blinking out there morse code invitations to various shows. The last light was fading from the sky to the west, waning from purplish-blue down to black.

It was a short walk back to the parkade near the office, but with the night creeping in, it seemed a lot longer distance for a beautiful young woman like her. She re-buttoned her top and quickened her pace a bit. She realized halfway down the block that she probably should have asked Chet to walk her to her car. She'd thought about it, but that seemed a little too forward, a less than subtle come-on just a few notches below the "would you like to come in for a drink" cliché.

The darker the street got however, the more she realized she didn't really give a fuck how the request sounded. Let him think she was giving him the come-on. It was better than walking a semi-darkened street alone at night with nothing but a small purse with which to beat back a would-be assailant.

She looked behind her as she entered the parking garage. Nobody was following her. She reached into her purse and wrapped her fist around her keys, still scanning for any movement between cars. All was quiet. She got all the way to her car and had her key in the lock to open it up when somebody grabbed her from behind. She sucked in air to release a scream, but a hand smacked over her mouth. Then she was being dragged. She saw her keys still hanging from the lock, and one of her shoes that had apparently been kicked off lying on the pavement beside her door. Then she was thrown to the ground and the man was getting on top of her. His hand moved to her throat now and this time when she tried to scream he simply pressed down, reducing her cry to a mere grunt. His other hand ripped the front of her shirt open and she realized she was about to be raped. She kicked, but he was on her legs. She punched and smacked at him, but he merely grinned back, absorbing the blows like he was made of stone. And then he was palming her right breast with a cold clammy hand, squeezing and pinching her painfully. She turned her head and managed to bite at his forearm a bit, but he simply pressed harder on her throat. Now she was blacking out. And now his hand had left her breast and was sliding between her legs.

And that's also when the hand holding her throat was yanked off of her and twisted around behind his back. There was a sickening snap and a spurt of blood from above his elbow. The man groaned pathetically for just a moment before his face was slammed forward into the front bumper of her car. There was another sickening crunch like someone stepping on a bag of wet peanuts and when his face was pulled away from the unyielding metal of her bumper, she saw that the left side of his face was now concave instead of convex. That's when she finally passed out.

She woke up in her own back seat. She was screaming before she'd even sat up, remember the ordeal she'd just gone through.

"Whoa! Easy!" a man said from the driver's seat. "You're okay. Calm down. It's me."

Me? Me who? Her brain wondered. And then she saw his eyes in the rearview mirror. It was Chet Remington.

"How... ? What... ? When... ?" Her voice sounded funny to her own ears. The choking had apparently damaged something.

"I noticed that guy checking you out back at the bar, and when I saw him follow you out I decided I'd better make sure you were okay. Good thing I did."

"I ... I can't believe..."

"It's okay. You're in shock. Are you hurt at all?"

"No. I don't think so. He just ... grabbed me and then you..."

"I got there just in time then."

"Is he... ?"

"Dead? No. But I don't think he's gonna be able to get it up ever again, if he ever decides to rape anyone else. You'd be surprised what a size ten can do to a pair of testicles."

Daria shuddered. She lay back down on the seat. Her mind was whirling in a panic, but at the same time, she felt perfectly focused on a far deeper level. It felt like there were two of her. One was freaking out, and the other was just watching it happen.

Then she saw the hospital signage outside the car's window.

"What are we doing here?"

"Where do you normally go after you've been attacked?"

"I've never been attacked before."

"You should probably go in and get checked out, just in case."

"I'm fine. The only thing hurt on me is my shirt."

"I noticed it was a little ... dishevelled," Chet replied.

"Can you just take me home? Other than my neck, I don't even think he even bruised me. He didn't have time. And I just can't bear the thought of sitting in a hospital waiting room all damn night. Just take me home."

"You're the boss, Ms. Primrose."

He walked her up to her apartment when they got to her building. He let her lean on him as they walked down the hallway. He unlocked her apartment for her. He practically carried her to the couch. He sat her down ever-so-gently and went to her kitchen to get her some water.

The shock was beginning to wear off by then. She was home now and she was safe. Chet was here.

"Um ... you might wanna..." he said, gesturing with the glass toward her chest.

She opened her eyes, looked down, and realized that one of her breasts was peeking out of her shredded shirt. The little pink nipple was exposed and for some reason, standing at attention. She slapped a hand across it, as though she could somehow recover some modesty now after he'd already had an eyeful.

"Sorry," she said. "I better go change."

She got up and hurried to her bedroom. She stripped to her underwear and frantically scanned through her closet, looking for something to wear. Finally she gave up, still a little fuzzy-headed, and simply threw on a bathrobe.

"Such a beautiful place you've guh-"

His words died in mid sentence when he turned to see her emerging from the bedroom, and he just stared at her as though all the air had been somehow sucked out of the room. She slowed to a stop in front of him and simply returned his gaze. The bathrobe was soft cotton, pink and cozy, and only came halfway down her thighs. The long V of the robe's neckline extended nearly all the way to her belly button. She'd closed and cinched it quickly on her way out of the bedroom. Perhaps too quickly. She felt the cool air between her breasts and down between her slightly parted thighs. Everything else was warm, so very warm.

"I guess this is the part where I say thank you, huh?" she told him.

"No thanks are necessary. Any man who would hesitate to rescue a woman as beautiful as you from such a fate is not a man at all."

"Nevertheless ... thank you, Chet."

And everything inside her wanted to tug the robe open and let him come to her, let him take her and enjoy her. Everything thickened and tingled and oozed at the very thought of it. And her tummy tumbled and tossed like a drowning woman clinging to a floating barrel in stormy seas. Yet at the same time, everything was so calm and certain inside her, as steady as the floor beneath her feet, as solid as the wall she leaned on for balance. She was looking at his lips, wanting to taste them, wanting to wet them with her kiss. She was looking at the muscles beneath the shirt he wore. She was looking at the bulge at the front of his pants. She was looking at the image of him thrusting deep and hard into the lusciously tight squeeze at the apex of her well-spread legs, her soft pink flesh yielding to his penetration, wrapping around him, squeezing him, cumming for him as he-

"Well, I should go then," he said suddenly, tearing his gaze away from her. And her jaw dropped. She took a step toward him and then stopped herself. For a split second there she had actually found herself lunging at him, rushing forward to grab him, suddenly panicked at his departure. It wasn't just the deep and lustful attraction she felt toward him, it was also the idea of being alone after that ordeal. It was the last thing she wanted. But she stopped herself after one step and just stared at him.

But what could she say to stop him? She'd only met him a few hours before. To simply throw herself at him already would be insane. She was torn in agony, hung somewhere between unrestrainable animalistic lust and pure, practical common sense. If he made even the slightest move on her, the common sense would crumble like dried sand under a boot. She knew it, and she was pretty sure he knew it. So she stood on the spot and merely waited. The only question was whether she should help his decision along by letting her robe slip open a bit more.

"I'll tuck you into bed first, though," he said. "You've been through a lot and I don't think you really want to be alone."

There it was! He was making his move. Very soon she would be all wrapped around him as she'd fantasized. She stood as he approached. And when he got to her side, he took her arm and led her back down the hall to the bedroom. He walked her to the bed, threw the covers aside and nudged her onto it. She laid back, letting her head fall onto her pillows, letting her robe fall open at the chest and thighs. She never took her eyes off of his. He sat down on the bed beside her, glancing down at the open spaces in the cotton of her robe. She waited for him to reach out and caress her, either on her cheek, or on a breast, or even down there. Anything would be fine with her. She even parted her legs a bit, too overwhelmed to resist her body's natural instinct to spread for a man in her bedroom. She only spread a little, but he noticed.

He glanced down again, saw that she was shaved, clean and peachy, except in between the twin bulges of her puffy peach-coloured mound. She was darker pink, swollen with arousal, flowered open, and shiny wet there. He stared for a moment, and then his eyes returned to hers. He knew she was willing. If she hadn't been completely open to anything he wanted from her, she would have thrown the covers over her nakedness. She knew he knew it, and she simply waited, wondering how he would begin.

"You're incredibly beautiful," he said. And then he took her hands in his and kissed her on the forehead. Then he placed her hands onto her tummy and pulled the covers over her. "Sleep well, Ms. Primrose. I'll see you tomorrow."

He got up and turned toward the door. She half sat up, stunned and panicked once more.

"Wait! Where are you... ?"

He turned back again and looked at her from the doorway.

"I would love nothing more than to ravish every single part of you right now, Daria. With no exaggeration I can tell you that I haven't seen a woman as beautiful as you in a very, very long time. I've been desperately ravishing you in my mind since I first laid eyes upon you in the bar. I felt like a fool with my silly little lines, but just standing next to you was comfort enough, as I told you. I was sent to get as much information I can about your boss, but I found myself entranced by your eyes the whole time, as giddy as a teenaged boy. And now I have everything laid before me, mine for the taking, and I feel like the luckiest man alive."

He stopped. He released a long slow sigh of regret that made her heart sink into further agony.

"But what kind of man would I be if I took advantage of you in this vulnerable state? Though you may be in some shock and denial about it, you were nearly raped, my dear. I cannot ignore that fact no matter how badly I want you right now. Right now you need rest, you need the safety and security of your bed, and you need me gone. Because if I stay here much longer, my resolve may crumble."

"Chet..."

"Goodnight, Daria."

He turned and left, leaving her alone in the light of the bedside lamp. God dammit! He'd actually left her. That in itself was nearly as shocking as the sudden attack had been earlier that night.

She was so soaking wet it was drooling out of her. She was hot and tingling and damn near throbbing with the need to be taken and fucked very hard by him. But somehow he had gotten up and walked out on her. And somehow, the more she thought about it, it was as beautiful as it was frustrating. No matter how much sexual agony she was in over his departure, she had to admit she felt genuinely respected. Maybe one man in ten thousand could have walked out on a woman so beautiful and so willing.

The man was something truly amazing. She rolled over, hugged her pillow and masturbated herself to sleep. It took nearly six orgasms to get there though, and everything single one of them was an oozing, glowing, throbbing hot explosion of ecstasy poured down on the altar that was Chet Remington.
Chapter 6
Home - Top   Feedback to author


Home « Ken Randall's Page « Book Worming Index « Previous - Settings
Chapter 6
Posted: July 19, 2010 - 09:50:47 am

I'd made no progress at all with Jeremy Mukins by the time study session was done. In fact, I think all I did was get him kinda pissed off at me for trying so hard to cram the information through that thick skull of his. He kept trying to zone out and I kept trying to bring his attention back. But honestly, it really was a lost cause. Apparently the kid had only an elementary school level understanding of math. It was like trying to teach a monkey auto mechanics or something. All the monkey knew how to do was bang the wrench around. He kinda smelled apish too.

All I could do when it was over was wish him luck on the test the next day. He gave me a dirty look though. I think he thought I was being sarcastic. Then I left, feeling pretty lousy myself. What a massive waste of time.

Much to my elation however, I saw Dana sitting out on the grass in front of the school. She had her books open and she was listening as Muriel Temmers explained the same math formulas to her that I'd just been going over with Monkey Boy Mukins. I guess she'd decided to study outdoors instead of in the library. Why hadn't I thought of that?

Now everybody knows darn well that Muriel Temmers was one of the top students in class, so there was no way in hell she could ever convince me that she was the one doing the tutoring in that pair. I decided to hang back by the school doors until they were finished. Maybe once they were done, I could offer to walk Dana home. I actually live in the opposite direction as her and Jeff, so hopefully she wouldn't think I was stalking her or anything.

That's when I noticed Jeremy Mukins skulking around the school front as well. He was standing over by the west side of the building where the teachers park, just sort of peeking at the girls from behind the bushes. What a creep. What kind of pervert hides in the bushes spying on a couple of girls, I thought to myself as I watched him from the shadows at the front door. So far he hadn't seen me.

Then the girls were packing their books up. Dana seemed like she couldn't wait to get out of there, but Muriel just kept jabbering away. I'm pretty sure they weren't friends normally, but Muriel wouldn't seem to quit talking. Finally Dana just started backing up towards home and Muriel trailed off. Then Dana just left and Muriel turned and went the opposite way, towards where Jeremy was hiding. Good. She'd flush him out of the bushes and send him running the other way and I could catch up to Dana.

I waited for Muriel to round the corner and then I hurried across the lawn. But by the time I got to the corner of the school, Jeremy had already run around the entire school from the rear and gotten himself between me and the now distant Dana. Dammit all to hell!

I decided to follow them at a distance. Jeremy probably just wanted to walk down the same street as Dana. Even being in the same city as her was probably thrilling him. I doubted he would approach her and talk to her. He seemed to be hanging back, following her home. Creepy.

To make matters worse it was now getting past 5:30 and in October, that means the sun is already going down. The city was fading from afternoon to evening and would probably be night by the time I got home.

I followed Jeremy following Dana for a few blocks until we came to her street. That's when she stopped dead, a few houses up from the corner. Jeremy stopped dead too, and so did I half a block down. I heard the sound of a barking dog. The dog sounded big and mean too, the kind that goes WOOF! WOOF! Instead of YAP! YAP! No wonder she stopped like that. I crossed the street so I could see around the corner a bit to see what she was looking at.

Jeremy had stopped dead too, and now his hands were extended out from his sides in a defensive pose that made him look like he was either ready to attack or flee. Beyond him Dana stood clutching her book bag to her chest and backing up. The dog had walked right out of the open gate and was slowly stalking toward her. He was a mean-looking dog too, something you'd see at the side of the evil overlord of a fantasy movie. Then the dog lunged.

I bolted forward, not knowing what I would do when I got to her, but not even really thinking about anything. Dana stumbled backward a step and the dog was on top of her, tearing at her book bag. I ran right past Jeremy who was also backing up and screamed at him.

"Come on! Help me!"

But the son-of-a-bitch just turned and fled down the street from whence he'd come, flailing his arms and screaming like a little girl. Frickin' retard.

By the time I got to Dana, she'd rolled over into a fetal position to protect her face, and the dog was on her back, madly humping her from behind. His long pink doggy schlong was rubbing frantically up and down across her butt and he was happily panting away as he had his way with the poor girl. I ran up and booted him. His head spun sideways and hit the iron rungs of a metal fence there was a big KLONG sound and I was worried I'd killed the poor thing for a moment, but he stumbled up onto his feet again, turned and ran, his little pink carrot dick flopping to and fro between his legs, fighting for room next to his tail.

I stood there panting, fists balled, standing over the damsel in distress like a champion alpha dog. The dog took one glance back as he ducked into his yard, and then he dashed inside. I think he even shoved the gate shut too as he fled. I didn't see him again. I stood there for a whole minute, waiting for him to return. He didn't.

Finally I turned my attention down to the fair maiden I'd rescued.

"Dana? You okay?"

She didn't reply. She had apparently fainted. I turned her over to check if she was okay. The first thing I saw was bare naked breasts. Her shirt was shredded, and her bra hung by one strap near her right shoulder. The cup that was supposed to cover her left breast was completely gone. There was a scratch on her stomach and a muddy paw print on her right arm but otherwise-

Damn did she ever have nice fuckin' tits! Oh my god!

-she was fine. Nothing was damaged on her face. And her breasts had no visible marks either. They were just soft and round and creamy peachy skin-coloured with a subtle flush of red beneath the skin and two pretty little nipples that-

Anyway! Her face was fine! That's what really mattered. I picked up her book bag and then picked her up, hugging her to my chest to cover her exposed parts. She was dead weight, and I had to adjust my grip a couple of times, but eventually I had her balanced in my arms. Then I walked along the sidewalk toward her house. One little old lady looked out her window but didn't say anything. It must have looked strange to see a guy walking along carrying an unconscious girl like that. But other than the old lady, nobody even noticed. She kept sagging down and I almost dropped her once. But I staggered to a stop and got a better grip. It took nearly ten minutes to walk up the street like that, but feeling her soft warm body against me was heaven on earth. I almost wanted to walk slower.

It was almost dark when I finally got her home. I flicked the doorknob open with one trembling hand, the hand that was holding up her lower body, ever-so-close to her deliciously round little bottom.

"Hello!? Jeff? Anybody?" I called out. Nobody answered.

I carried her to the couch and set her down. Then I stood, just staring at her beautiful breasts once again. I don't know how long I stood there but suddenly she whimpered. I snapped out of my trance and hurried to her bedroom to get a blanket. I spread it over her when I returned and went to get some water as well. I set this on the end table by her head and sat on the floor beside her, waiting for her to wake up.

Finally her eyes flicked opened. Her first reaction was to shriek defensively and cover her face with her arms as though the dog were still on top of her. Her breasts sprang out into view again, and my jaw dropped a bit as they jiggled with the sudden motion. But when she realized she was at home, and that I was there with her, she simply pulled the blanket up to her eyes and glared at me, once again, as though I had two heads.

"You? Where am... ? How'd I... ? The dog..."

She was confused, and possibly in shock. It was no wonder she hardly seemed to recognize me.

"I brought you home, Dana. The dog attacked you. I had to kick him away but he sorta ripped up your school bag, and..."

I didn't finish the sentence. She was just staring at me with so much awe that I completely lost my train of thought. Her eyes were sweet jewels shining out at me from behind a glaze of wetness. Her lips looked-

"You? You ... saved me?" she said, barely above a whisper.

"I had to. Jeremy Mukins was there too, but he just ran away like a little bitch. Some big tough ogre he is."

"And you ... carried me home?"

"Yeah. Sorry."

She didn't seem to know why I was apologizing. I don't think she realized how naked she was under that blanket. But then she sat up and the blanket spilled off her chest again. I know I should have torn my gaze away to be a gentleman—Chet Remington would have—but I just couldn't. She was just so amazing to behold in that state of ravished beauty. And I knew I'd probably never get a chance to see it again.

It took her about a second to realize that there was a cold draft on her when I blew out a shaky sigh, and suddenly her head snapped down and her arms yanked the covers up at the same time. But not before I noticed her nipples erecting at the tease of my cool breath. Wow. What a quick reaction.

"Oh my God! My shirt! What happened!?"

"The dog..." I said. "He must have ... Your bag too. Sorry. I had to get you home quickly before someone came along."

"Am I bleeding!? Did he bite me!?"

"No. No, you're fine."

She was all in a panic, suddenly scanning for a mirror somewhere to check herself out. The blanket slipped a bit, falling partly off one breast again, exposing a nipple, but this time I yanked my face away. She covered herself again, and sat up. Then she got up and took the blanket with her down the hall. She disappeared into her bedroom.

"Oh my God! Oh my God! Oh-my-God!" I heard her mutter to herself. And then she added, "Holy fuckin'..."

I got up off the floor and sat on the easy chair, just waiting, and frantically thinking. So what now? She was home. Do I let myself out? Do I say goodbye? Do I go and see if she's okay? What would Chet Remington do? I had no idea. My brain was as fried as hers. Not only had I nearly kicked an attacking dog's head right off, I'd seen the most beautiful pair of real live breasts I'd ever laid eyes on. Well, the only pair actually, but that didn't mean they weren't the most beautiful on earth.

"Matt?" she called out to me from down the hall?

"Yes?" I replied. Suddenly my heart was pounding madly.

After a moment's pause she replied, "Are you still there?"

"Uh ... yeah."

Who did she think had answered?

"Can you ... come here?"

I got up. My legs felt like rubber all of the sudden, and my mouth went completely dry. Somehow I made my way down the mile-long hallway to her bedroom door. I pushed it open and saw her sitting there on the bed. She was wearing only a robe now. It was pink terrycloth. It went down to her ankles. It looked comfy. Her pants were in a crumpled pile at the foot of her bed. Her panties were still wrapped around each pant leg in the heap of cloth. Her shredded shirt and bra lay beside them. I looked at her robe again with a new awareness. She was completely naked underneath.

"Yes?" I said, swallowing a cotton-dry brick of nervous tension.

"I um ... Thank you, Matt."

"Sure. No worries. What am I supposed to do stand there and let the dog rape you?"

"Rape me!? What do you mean?"

Ooh, shit. I guess she didn't know about that part. The dog had been trying to have its way with her. And who could blame it? I would have too in his position. That sweet little ass thrust up at me like that, inviting me forward to-

To give my head a shake! She probably felt traumatized enough. No need to mortally embarrass her as well.

"Uh, attacked I mean. That dog was just crazy. The whole situation was crazy."

"That damn dog's always barking at me, every time I walk past there. But today the damn gate was open. I was like, what the hell! And then before I knew it, he was..."

Trying to make you his bitch, I thought.

"I don't think he'll be biting anyone any time soon. I gave him a pretty good whap in the head."

Then she looked up at me again. Her gaze rose from the floor and seemed to climb my body, making me self-conscious. Finally she got to my face and just stared.

"You're ... amazing..." she said. It was the first time she said it. It was the first time any girl ever said anything