Bossing the Boss Ch. 01
byFourscore©

Author's Note: This is my first attempt. Let me know what you think and whether there should be another chapter. Don't read this if you are underage, if it is illegal in your area, or if it is offensive to you. All characters are fictitious. All events are fictional. Any similarities in this story to real events or people are unintentional.

"That's it," fumed Tom as he stormed into the lunchroom. "I'm not working for that bitch any more. As soon as she comes back from lunch, I'm going in there to give her a piece of my mind and quit this lousy job."

Suzanne Stevens might own this pharmaceutical company, but being rich and successful didn't give her the right to treat him like a piece of trash. He had a degree in business, but she acted as if he was some sort of office boy, relegating him to mindless busy work and always looking down her nose at him.

He had to admit she was a good-looking woman with facial features that would make a model proud and long chestnut hair tucked up in a tight professional bun. And even underneath those conservative business suits, he could tell she had hot body.

At 33, she was about the same age at Tom.

The former Homecoming queen had brains to go with her beauty. During college, she had stumbled upon the solution to a problem that had been plaguing the medical community for years and quickly translated her formula into a small fortune, which she used to start her own company.

More successes followed and the company quickly grew. She poured all of her energies into the company, never wasting time on a family or even boyfriends.

Tom had started working for her a few months ago. His situation quickly soured. Suzanne had managed to hide her bitchy side during the interview process. Once he started working there it became clear how much she enjoyed stepping on men.

Well, he wasn't going to take it any more.

Tom grabbed a sandwich and was figuring out exactly how he was going to tell her off when he saw his friend Jodi from research waving him over to her table.

Jodi was the only thing about this company that he was going to miss.

She was just a few years out of college, working for the company as a junior researcher. Jodi wasn't a great beauty, but was a cute girl with a great personality. They had hit it off at once and had become close friends.

As soon as Tom reached her table, Jodi could tell something was wrong. She asked what the problem was and Tom poured out his story.

"Is it really that bad?" she asked.

"Worse," he said. "She even makes me get her coffee. That's the worst thing of all."

Jodi suddenly looked interested.

"Do you get her coffee every day?" she asked.

"Yes, and she seems to enjoy every minute of humiliating me in front of the entire office," Tom said.

"You know," Jodi said. "I may have something to help you."

"What do you mean?" Tom said.

"Well," she answered. "I've been working on a new drug as part of a top-secret military project. I haven't even told my bosses about it because I'm afraid it won't work. It's supposed to re-align brain waves so that the person who takes it is unable resist the commands of the first person they come into contact with."

Tom was skeptical.

"That sounds like science fiction," he said.

"But it works, I think," she said. "I'm afraid to test it because if it doesn't work, my bosses will think I'm a complete idiot. Maybe you could slip it into Suzanne's coffee.

"Since you're going to quit anyway, it won't matter if it doesn't work. But, if it does work, maybe you could get her to treat you better."

Tom was intrigued.

"What do I have to lose?" he said.

Jodi arranged to slip a vial of the drug to Tom before he left work. He would try it out the next day.

CHAPTER TWO

Tom was so nervous when he arrived at work the next day, it was all he could do to act normal.

Suzanne strutted in about 15 minutes later and, as usual, made a big show of stopping in front of his desk to say, "Tom, hon, go fetch my coffee – and make it quick."

Tom stomped off to get the coffee and quickly added Jodi's drug to the brew.

He took it to Suzanne's office and set it on the desk.

"Suzanne," he said. "I have those reports ready for you. When should I bring them in?"

"I have an important call to make right now," she said. "Come back in half an hour."

It was the slowest half-hour of Tom's life. He watched the clock and the door to make sure no one got to Suzanne before he did.

When 30 minutes had passed, he grabbed some papers and walked to her door. He knocked and she told him to come in.

Tom quickly scanned the room and was pleased to see that the coffee cup was empty.

"Just give me the report and get out," Suzanne snapped. "I have a lot to do."

Tom was struggling for something simple that wouldn't get him into too much trouble to test out the drug when Suzanne picked up her phone.

"Put the phone down, Suzanne," he said quietly, but firmly.

"Who do you think you are!" she said, but quickly laid the receiver down.

Suzanne stared at her hand in utter disbelief. She couldn't believe that she had actually done what he had ordered.

Tom smiled.

"Wipe that silly grin off your face and get out of my office before I call security and have you removed," she spat.

"Shut up," Tom said.

Instantly, Suzanne's jaw snapped shut.

Tom moved closer to her desk and spoke quietly.

"Now, the next thing I want you to do is to call your secretary and tell her that you are not to be disturbed for any reason in the next 30 minutes."

Suzanne looked like she wanted to protest, but quickly did as he asked.

There was fear in her eyes as she hung up.

"What have you done to me?" she asked.

"I've just given you a little drug that will make you easier to deal with," he said, moving even closer so he was whispering in her ear. "Now, we're going to have some fun. You will not yell out or try to hurt me in any way. The tables have turned, now I'm the boss."

Tom studied his boss with a satisfied smile on his face.

"So, Suzanne, tell me honestly, what are you thinking?" he said.

"That I'm going to kill you when I get a chance," she said.

"No, I don't think that's going to happen," Tom replied. "We are going to get very friendly. We don't have much time right now, so we'd better get started.

"Get up and stand in front of the desk."

She did as he asked and Tom plopped himself down in her plush chair and propped his feet up on her desk.

He kept her waiting for a few agonizing minutes then said, "Let your hair down."

Suzanne was unable to control her hands and they reached up and loosened her bun, letting her long hair spill out over her shoulders.

"Very nice," he said. "Now, take off that jacket."

Suzanne slipped her jacket off and dropped it on the floor, revealing an expensive silk blouse that went nicely with her fashionable skirt.

Tom noticed a tear forming in her eye.

"Now, now, don't cry," he said. "Put a smile on your face and take off the rest of your clothes except for the stockings and heels."

A smile crept across Suzanne's face that didn't match the scared look in her eyes. And her hands started moving again. She unbuttoned her blouse and peeled it off, then slipped off her skirt.

She looked magnificent in her bra and panties, but those quickly came off and joined the pile of clothes on the floor.

When she was nearly naked, Tom had her stand at attention, then turn around in a circle so he could look at her from every angle.

Her body was even better than he thought. Her breasts were large and firm and he couldn't see an ounce of fat on her.

The smile was still on her face.

"Very nice," he said. "Do you work out?"

"Yes," she said. "Three times a week."

"That's great," he said as he glanced at his watch. "Unfortunately, we don't have a lot of time today. So, I'll have to settle for a blowjob."

She looked mortified.

"Tell me honestly, Suzanne, do you suck your boyfriends?" he asked.

"I haven't had a boyfriend in several years and I've never done that," she answered. "It's disgusting."

"We'll, it's time you learned," he said with a laugh. "Why don't you crawl over here and take down my pants."

Suzanne was unable to resist as she sunk to all fours and crawled over to Tom. When she got to the chair, her hands moved up and undid his belt and opened the snap on his pants.

She was about to grab the zipper when Tom said, "Use your teeth."

It took some time, but she finally was able to get his fly down with her teeth.

Then, Tom helped out by sliding down his underwear to reveal his cock.

Suzanne looked for a moment like she might back away, but Tom said, "Get to work" and she quickly slid her mouth over his cock.

"By the way, Suzanne, as you do this you will find yourself getting incredibly hot. Get those juices flowing, but don't cum."

Tom was so hot from watching his boss strip and crawl to him that he knew he couldn't last long.

He said, "Swallow every drop," and starting shooting his load into her mouth.

Suzanne was inexperienced at cocksucking, so some of the cum escaped onto Tom legs.

"I said swallow it all," Tom said. "Lick that up."

Suzanne couldn't believe what she had just done and also couldn't believe how horny she was. She bent her head and licked the cum off Tom's legs.

To her surprise, he then stood and pulled up his pants.

"That's all for today," he said with another glance at his watch. "But don't worry, I'll stop by your place tonight for more fun. Now, get dressed and continue your workday. You will tell no one about what happened. When I ring your doorbell tonight, you will let me in. By the way, I'm taking the rest of the day off."

Then he walked out the door, leaving Suzanne frightened and frustrated. 


Bossing the Boss Ch. 02
byFourscore©

Author's Note: To get background on the characters, please read Chapter 1. Let me know what you think and whether there should be another chapter. Don't read this if you are underage, if it is illegal in your area, or if it is offensive to you. All characters are fictitious. All events are fictional. Any similarities in this story to real events or people are unintentional.

As Tom headed out of the office after leaving Suzanne, he heard someone calling his name.

He turned around.

It was Jodi.

He quickly steered her to a quiet corner where they could talk without being overheard.

"Well, did it work?" Jodi asked.

"Yes, it did," Tom answered. "You're a genius."

"Great, I guess you won't be fetching coffee for Ms. Stevens any more," she said.

"That's for sure," he said. "She's going to be a lot nicer to me from now on."

"Does that mean you'll be able to stay with the company?" she asked.

Suddenly, Tom realized that Jodi had no idea how far he had gone with her miracle drug. Innocent Jodi just thought he had commanded Suzanne to be nicer to him.

He had to be careful not to tip her off.

"Yes, this should be a much nicer place to work now," he said with a smile.

Jodi was beaming.

"I'm so happy," she said. "I didn't want to lose you."

There was something more than friendship in that last comment, but Tom let it go for now. He had another question that had been nagging him.

"Jodi, I've been wondering," he began. "How long will your drug last? I'd hate to have Suzanne come in tomorrow and start ordering me around again."

"That's a good question," Jodi answered. "I'll have to do some more research on that, but my best guess would be around 48 hours."

"Hmmm," Tom said. "Then, maybe staying at Stevens Pharmaceuticals isn't such a good idea after all. Everything could be back to the way it was in a few days."

"I could get you some more of the drug," Jodi quickly offered.

That's exactly what he was hoping she would say.

Tom followed Jodi back to the lab and was given five more vials of the drug.

"This should keep Suzanne busy for a while," he thought and quickly said goodbye to Jodi and headed out the door. He could hardly wait for tonight.

Suzanne, meanwhile, was dreading the evening.

As she gargled in her private bathroom for the sixth time trying to get the taste of his semen out of her mouth, she wondered how he had made her do such terrible things.

One thing was for sure -- it wasn't going to happen again.

She toyed with the idea of not going home at all, then the bastard wouldn't find her. But that would be the coward's way out.

No, she was going have it out with this maniac and set things straight. She was certain that his tricks wouldn't work on her again.

She was a strong woman.

When the work day ended, Suzanne returned to her large home in the suburbs and changed into a comfortable sweat suit. She downed two glasses of wine, but couldn't get herself to relax.

She kept pacing the floor, hoping that Tom wouldn't have the guts to show up.

The more she thought about it, she became more convinced that was the case. Tom was such a wimp. She had always enjoyed demeaning him in the office. The obvious anger in his eyes made so much more fun.

She was jolted out of her thoughts by the sound of the doorbell.

As much as she tried to resist, she found herself drawn to the door.

She heard Tom say, "Suzanne, it's me, open up."

Her hands had a mind of their own as they turned the lock and opened the door.

Her tormentor stood in the doorway with a disappointed look on his face.

"Suzanne," he said, shaking his head. "Is this any way to dress for you new master?"

She cringed as he said master. It couldn't be true, could it? She could resist this monster. She would.

"Well, the first thing we have to do is get you changed," Tom said as he stepped through the door with a large bag. "Show me where you keep your clothes."

Suzanne found herself moving towards her bedroom closet.

Tom rummaged through her clothes and picked out a slinky black evening dress.

"Show me where you keep your underwear," he said.

Suzanne opened up a dresser drawer to reveal her intimate apparel. Most of it was pretty ordinary stuff, but Tom dug to the bottom and found a lacy red bra and panties set.

"Ohhh, Suzanne, where did you get these?" Tom asked mockingly.

Suzanne found herself answering although she didn't want to. "An old boyfriend gave me them for Valentine's Day one year. I thought it was a very inappropriate gift. I broke up with him soon afterwards."

"Well, I'll put them to good use," Tom said. "Now, get those sweats off and take a nice shower. Do your hair and makeup like you're going to an elegant dinner, then get dressed in this underwear and the black dress. I'll be downstairs. I've got to set up."

Suzanne wondered what that meant, but was happy when he left the room.

As much as she wanted to defy him, she found herself obeying his orders. She got herself cleaned up and dressed in the clothes he had picked out.

When she descended the stairs, she saw Tom sitting on her sofa. He had turned on some music and had a drink in his hand. She saw what was behind him and froze. The bastard had set up a video camera on a tripod.

"What are you doing?" she almost screamed.

"Keep your voice down, Suzanne," he said. "I see you noticed my video camera. I thought it was rude to keep a prize like you all to myself, so I decided capture your beauty on film."

"You can't do this," she wimpered.

"Oh, yes I can, and I will," he said. "Now sit down next to me and I'll tell you what's going to happen next. When I say 'Action', you will do your best imitation of a stripper. Bump and grind to the music until you are completely naked. Take your time and make sure to look into the camera and show how much you are enjoying yourself.

"When the striptease is over, I want you to start rubbing your breasts and playing with your cunt. You do know how to play with yourself, don't you?"

"Yes," she said quietly with her eyes downcast.

"Great, but this time, you won't finish. When you get to the brink of orgasm, stop and ask me to fuck you. If you ask nice enough, I just might do it."

With that, Tom walked behind the couch, switched on the video camera and said, "Action!"

Suzanne found herself slinking around the room like a cheap stripper.

Her body was doing a sexy dance and she slid her hands across her breasts, then down to her crotch. She pranced around a while longer, then slid the spaghetti straps of her dress down off her shoulders.

She reached behind her and eased the zipper down and stepped out of the dress.

Suzanne knew she looked obscene in the fire-truck red bra and panties, but she kept dancing and smiling at the camera. Soon the underwear joined her dress on the floor and the camera was filming her naked body.

She was totally humiliated, but kept dancing.

Her fingers found her nipples and teased them gently, then she tried to lick them.

Finally her hand moved down to her crotch and Suzanne started playing with her clit.

"I'm only doing this because he ordered me to do it," Suzanne thought.

But then, the fire started burning in her loins. She began rubbing furiously, forgetting all about Tom and the camera. But just as she was about to explode, her fingers stopped moving.

Her eyes flew open and she looked stunned. Tom was just smiling.

Then, she remembered his final instruction.

No, she wouldn't do that. She couldn't embarrass herself that way.

But her mouth started moving on its own accord.

"Please, Tom ..." she wimpered.

"What was that? I couldn't hear you," he asked innocently.

"Please, Tom..." she said a little louder.

"Please Tom, what?" he asked with a grin.

"Please, make love to me," she said.

"Oh, I think you can do better than that," he said. "Be a little more descriptive."

She was in agony now.

"Please, Tom ... fuck me," she said.

"Now, say it like you mean it -- and tell me exactly what you want," he said.

For one final moment, she tried to fight him, but finally gave up. "Please, Tom, fuck my pussy with your big hard dick. I really need it. Please, please, please give it to me."

"Now that's a proper way to ask," Tom said.

Before she knew it, Tom was out of his clothes and on top of Suzanne.

He drove his throbbing prick into her and started ramming. Before long he was on the verge of orgasm.

"Suzanne, you may cum now," he said and they both exploded.

After they both came down from their high, Tom pulled away from Suzanne and started getting dressed.

As he packed up his video equipment, he said: "Suzanne, you will return to work tomorrow and act like nothing unusual has happened. You will tell no one about what has happened. I won't be in. I have some things to do. You will tell anyone who asks that you have sent me to work on an important assignment. And you will call accounting and tell them to give me a big raise."

"On the way home from work, stop and pick up some sexy lingerie."

"Make me some dinner, then slip into your new lingerie. I'll stop by around 6 p.m. You let me in and we'll have some more fun."

Bossing the Boss Ch. 03
byFourscore©

Author's Note: To get background on the characters, please read the previous chapters. Thanks to everyone for all the kind comments I've received so far. Don't read this if you are underage, if it is illegal in your area, or if it is offensive to you. All characters are fictitious. All events are fictional. Any similarities in this story to real events or people are unintentional.

The next morning Suzanne dressed in a conservative business suit and returned to the office as ordered. But she didn't know how she would get any work done.

It was impossible to concentrate. Her mind was filled with thoughts of her humiliation the night before. She was appalled at the memory of how she had danced so wantonly, then fingered herself like a cheap slut until she was begging him to take her.

And to make it worse, the bastard had it all on tape.

She had to find a way out of this nightmare.

Suddenly the private phone on her desk rang.

She collected herself and answered it. A chill went down her spine when she heard the voice on the other end of the line.

"Good morning, Suzanne," Tom said.

Suzanne sat in shocked silence.

"Now don't just sit there," Tom said. "Talk to me."

"What do you want?" she spat. "If I ever find out how you are doing this to me I'll..."

"Now, that's not the attitude I want," Tom cut her off. "You'll have to pay for that tonight, but I don't want us to get testy now. I was just calling to see how you enjoyed our evening together."

"I hated every minute of it," she said.

"Suzanne, let's be honest," Tom said. "You must have enjoyed it a little. I could have sworn I felt you cum."

"That's only because you made me," she said.

"You can believe what you want for now, but we have some other business this morning," he said.

"I thought you weren't coming over until tonight," she stammered.

"I'm not, but that doesn't mean we can't have a little fun," he said. "I stopped in last night and left my video equipment under my desk. Go out into the main office, pick it up and bring it back to your office. Then, set up the tripod and position the camera so it is facing your desk. I'll give you some time to set up, then I'll call back."

Click. The line went dead.

Suzanne wanted to run out of the office and get away from this madman, but she felt herself moving towards his desk.

She was sure every eye in the office was on her as she reached under the desk and pulled out the video equipment. She carried it back to her private office and closed the door.

Like a prisoner preparing her own execution, she set up the video equipment as ordered. Then she sat back down at her desk and waited in misery. Her eyes kept being drawn to the camera as she contemplated what new horrors lie ahead.

Back at his apartment, Tom knew that waiting would be agony for Suzanne, so he went out for breakfast. He returned home an hour later and placed a call to Suzanne's private line.

Suzanne willed herself not to answer, but could not prevent her hands from picking up the phone.

"Hello," she said tentatively.

"Is everything set up the way I asked?" Tom inquired, knowing that it would be.

"Yes," she said quietly.

"Good," he said. "Now, go switch on the camera and put this call on the speaker phone."

"No, not the speaker phone," Suzanne said. "What if someone hears?"

"What do I care about that?" he said. "Now, do what I asked."

Without another word, Suzanne walked over and turned on the camera then hit the speaker button on there telephone."

"Ready, Suzanne?" Tom said cheerfully.

"Yes," she said quietly.

"Good," he said. "I felt bad thinking about you waiting all day to cum again, so I've decided to help you out. I want you to start rubbing your big tits through your clothes."

"At least let me lock the door," she pleaded.

"No," he answered. "The fear of being caught will add to your excitement."

Her pliant mind took that statement as a command and she felt a tingle in her crotch as she started rubbing her breasts.

"Now, reach your hands inside your blouse and bra and play with your nipples," Tom said.

She closed her eyes so she wouldn't have to look at the camera recording her every move and started toying with her nipples.

"Take those big jugs out so you can do a better job of teasing the nipples," he said

Tom heard the rustle of clothes, then her breathing started to get heavier.

"How does that feel?" he said.

"Good," she had to admit.

"Well, let's move on to other things then. Hike up your skirt around your waist and start rubbing your clit through your underwear."

She had no choice but to do what he asked. Like the night before, she soon felt her heat building.

"Don't cum yet," Tom commanded. "Take off your panties and spread your legs so the camera has a good view of your cunt."

She hated herself for doing it, but soon she was showing herself off for the camera.

"Wouldn't it be awful if someone walked through your door right now?" Tom said with a low chuckle.

Suzanne's eyes flew to the door in horror, but due to his earlier command, she felt herself getting even more excited.

"I bet you'd like to get back to your clit," Tom said. "But let's do something else. Take one of those big markers you keep on your desk and suck on it gently like it was your lover's cock."

She did as he asked, even though she knew how obscene this must look on the camera.

"Now, take that marker and shove it in your pussy," Tom said. "Start fucking yourself with it."

She pushed the marker in and out of her exposed cunt until he told her to stop.

"After you had me inside you last night, that's probably too small," he said. "Take that marker and stick it in your ass."

"What?" she said in shock.

"You heard me. I want that marker in your ass," he said.

"But I've never had anything up there," she protested.

"Quit questioning me and do it," he commanded.

Quickly her hands moved on their own and stuck the marker in her anus.

"Is it in?" he asked.

"Yes, she said with a small cry.

"Good," he said. "Now take a rubber band and tie three other markers together. Then start fucking yourself with them."

Completely humiliated, she did as he asked.

"Suzanne, I want you to start giving my play-by-play on what you are doing. Use the dirtiest words you know. As you do this, you will find yourself getting more and more excited," Tom said. "But don't cum until I tell you. Begin now."

Words that she would never admit she knew started tumbling out of her mouth.

"I have one marker in my ... ass ... and three more in my ... pussy. I'm using my right hand to slide the one in my ass back and forth and my left hand to fuck myself with the other three. In and out, in and out they go. It's starting to feel good. I'm fucking myself faster and faster. It feels better and better. My knees are starting to get weak. I can't stand any more. I'm lowering myself to my knees in front of my desk and fucking myself harder. I need to cum so bad. I'm burning up. Please..."

"Are you asking something, Suzanne?" Tom said.

"Yes," she said urgently. "Please let me cum."

"Well, since you're being so nice. How can I resist? Suzanne, cum!" he said.

With that magic word, her world exploded into bliss. She couldn't speak for several minutes. Finally, Tom heard her heavy breathing subside.

"It sound like you had fun," Tom said. "Here's our plan for the rest of the day. Get yourself cleaned up and resume your work. Later in the afternoon. I want you to watch the tape you just made and finger yourself to orgasm again. Then, don't forget to stop at the lingerie shop on the way home and get ready for our evening. I'll see you at 6."

Tom enjoyed this encounter, but was a little concerned that the drug was wearing off. She had started to question some of his commands. He would have to get her another dose tonight. He had the perfect plan for that.

When Tom arrived at Suzanne's house at six, he was greeted by his boss wearing a blue baby doll nightie. He got hard just by looking at her. She quickly hustled him in the door.

"Glad to see me, baby?" he said.

"I just don't want my neighbors to see me in this outfit," she said.

Tom walked to the kitchen and saw that she had prepared dinner as ordered. He sat down at the table and said, "You made feed me now."

She prepared a plate and set it in front of him.

"That's not feeding me," he said. "You don't expect me to use my hands, do you? Feed me my dinner."

Tom sat back and relaxed as his boss cut bites of meat for him and spooned the other food into his mouth.

"That was good," Tom said as she wiped his face with a napkin. "I'm ready for some more fun. As much as I like the outfit you picked out, it's time for you to change. Go and get the bag I brought in."

Suzanne obediently went to get the bag, dreading what might be inside.

"You weren't very nice at first when I called this morning," he said. "As a matter of fact, you haven't been very nice to me ever since I joined the company. Some might say you treated me like a dog. So, I intend to treat you like a dog. Take off your nightie."

There was fear in her eyes, but she quickly stripped off the lingerie.

Tom pulled a dog collar out of the bag.

"Put this on," he said.

With a feeling of dread, Suzanne put the dog collar around her neck.

"Your outfit isn't quite complete," he said, reaching into the bag and pulling out a stick that had a furry tail attached to the end. "Stick this in your ass."

Her eyes went wide, but she stuck the stick in her anus. She felt like crying as she stood there with the tail hanging behind her.

"That's good, but dogs don't stand," he said. "Get down on all fours."

She knelt down on her hands and knees and looked up at him.

Tom couldn't resist a chuckle as he saw his haughty boss at his feet.

"I like this," he said. "For the rest of the evening, you will act like a dog. In your brain you will be able to comprehend what is happening to you, but your body will only do what dogs do."

With that, he clipped a leash to her collar and headed towards the back door.

"It's time to go for a walk," he said.

Suzanne was mortified. The houses in this neighborhood were not that far apart. What if one of her neighbors saw what was happening.

But she couldn't help herself. Tom led her out the door and took her for a few laps around the back yard.

"Should we walk down to the corner?" he asked as he rubbed her head.

Suzanne wanted to scream, "No!" but all she could do was whimper and woof pitifully.

"We'll, maybe some other time," Tom said as he led her back inside. "Let's play another game. He pulled a ball out of the bag and threw it across her big living room.

"Fetch," he ordered.

Tom loved watching her perfectly shaped ass with the tail in her asshole bouncing as she scampered across the room, picked the ball up with her teeth and returned to him. It was so much fun that he had to repeat the process several times.

"Good, girl," he said and rubbed her back.

In spite of herself, Suzanne felt herself warm to the praise.

This was a lot of fun, but Tom was getting too hot to wait any longer. She told Suzanne to stay, then moved behind her and shed his clothes. He flipped her tail up and took her from behind in true doggy style.

When he was finished, he pulled out and returned to his bag.

"You've been such a good girl," he said. "You deserve a treat. He opened a bag of dog treats and tossed one to Suzanne."

Before she knew what she was doing, Suzanne caught it in her mouth and eagerly chewed it up. Her mind was revolted, but her dog body loved the treat.

"Nice catch," he said.

He tossed her another treat. Again she snatched it out of the air.

"Those dry treats must make you thirsty. Here, I have something for you to drink," he said.

Tom pulled a dog dish out of his bag and filled it with what looked like milk.

"Drink up," he ordered.

Suzanne crawled over and started lapping up the milk with her tongue. It wasn't easy, but she soon became pretty good at it.

When she was about half done, Tom leaned over and said.

"Mixed in with that milk is the drug that makes you obey my commands," he said. "You are literally lapping up more of my commands. Finish that up and when you're done, you will stop being a dog. Then you can go and clean up and go to bed. I'll see you at work in the morning. Have a good night."

Suzanne watched him get dressed and leave, all the while lapping at her bowl even though she knew it was giving him more control over her. When she finished she collapsed to the floor and sobbed. 

Bossing the Boss Ch. 04
byFourscore©

Author's Note: To get background on the characters, please read the previous chapters. Thanks to everyone for all the kind comments I've received so far. Don't read this if you are underage, if it is illegal in your area, or if it is offensive to you. All characters are fictitious. All events are fictional. Any similarities in this story to real events or people are unintentional.

Tom was already at his desk when Suzanne arrived the next morning.

He could tell the difference in her the moment she arrived in the office.

Her cocky "I own the world" stride had been replaced by cautious, almost timid, movements.

And he knew he was the reason why.

She tried not to look at him, but finally could not avoid glancing at his desk.

Tom made eye contact and silently mouthed, "Woof, woof."

She reddened and quickened the pace to her office.

Once inside, Suzanne shut the door and leaned back against it.

How could she continue working in these conditions?

She had to do something about this guy.

But how could she? She had lapped up more of his damned potion the night before. He was ruining her life and she couldn't do anything about it.

Well, he wouldn't ruin this morning and, if she played her cards right, he wouldn't ruin any more of her days.

The way she had it figured, his control drug must last for about 48 hours.

That's why he had given her a new dose last night.

If she could stay away from him for the next two days, she would be free.

She began to implement a plan she had hatched last night.

Suzanne went to her desk and punched the intercom for her secretary.

"Rachel," she said. "Hold all my calls and don't let anyone in to see me. I don't want to be disturbed all day."

No one would get past her secretary.

And she wouldn't make the mistake of picking up her private line again. She would shut Tom out completely.

She smiled to herself as she sat down at her desk. She had outwitted him this time.

Perhaps she could even get some work done today.

Suzanne started working on some papers and noticed her message light was blinking. Without thinking, she pressed the play button.

The first message was from a client. As she was writing down some notes on the call, the message ended and she heard Tom's voice. She reached over to hit stop, but it was too late.

"Good morning, Suzanne," his recorded voice said. "Don't attempt to stop this message. You will listen to all of my instructions and obey them."

Suzanne's heart sank.

"Damn," she thought miserably. "Why didn't I expect this!"

"I hope you had fun last night," Tom was saying on the recording. "I thought you might try to avoid me today, so I called this message in when I got home. We're going to have more fun today.

"First, I want you to call your secretary and tell her you would like to see me in your office. Cancel all of your other appointments. You can tell her that we have to go over some important business before today's board meeting.

"Then, I want you to open your shirt and take those big, beautiful tits of yours out of your bra and get down on your knees in front of your desk to wait for me."

A small cry escaped from her mouth as Suzanne's mind screamed, "When will this nightmare end!"

But she could not resist his commands.

Suzanne punched the intercom again.

"Rachel," she said sadly. "Please ask Tom to step into my office."

"But Ms. Stevens," her secretary said. "You said you didn't want to see anyone."

"I've ... changed my mind," Suzanne said. "We have some important matters to discuss before the board meeting. Please cancel all of my appointments for today."

"Yes, ma'am," Rachel replied and the line went dead.

Suzanne cried softly to herself as she started unbuttoning her blouse. When she had it opened, she reached into her bra and pulled her breasts out, then sank to her knees.

Oddly, she almost felt more naked this way than she had when she had been totally nude. It was so demeaning to be kneeling fully clothed in front of her desk with her breasts hanging out.

A few moments later, her intercom rang again.

Suzanne scrambled over on her knees to answer.

"Yes, Rachel," she said.

"Sorry, Ms. Stevens, but Tom said he is expecting an important call from a client. He said he'd come to your office when he finishes."

Suzanne closed the intercom without answering.

"That bastard," she thought. "He just wants to make me wait."

That's exactly what Tom had on his mind.

He loved the image of Suzanne kneeling in front of her desk with her tits hanging out just waiting for him, but he could wait.

The longer he left her waiting, the madder she would be.

After about 45 minutes, he decided he had waited long enough.

He got up from his desk and walked to Suzanne's office. He was immediately allowed to enter by her secretary.

Tom found Suzanne exactly in the position he had ordered.

Some dried tears were on her face and there was a livid look in her eyes.

"You son of a bitch," she said as soon as the door was closed.

"Now, now, Suzanne," he said. "Lets be nice or I'll invite your secretary to come in and see you like this."

"No, don't do that," she cried.

"Well, then you'd better change your attitude. You should be nice, after all. I brought you a present."

He handed her a cell phone.

"Whenever this phone rings, you will answer it and obey the commands of whoever is on the other end of the line – whether it's me or someone else."

Suzanne shuddered when she heard the last part. It was bad enough to be controlled by one maniac. Was he planning to let others humiliate her as well?

Before she could contemplate this new horror for long, she heard Tom talking again.

"I thought we'd start today by watching some movies. Where is that tape you made yesterday?"

She tried to choke back the tears as she pointed to a drawer in her desk.

"Then, why don't you crawl over and get it," Tom said.

Sadly, she started crawling over to the desk.

"And Suzanne," he said. "Get it with your mouth."

It took Suzanne a while to get the drawer open with her mouth and retrieve the tape. She crawled back to him and presented the tape. It was like playing fetch again.

Tom laughed to himself as he watched his sexy boss crawl over to the desk and back. When he got the tape, he walked over and inserted it in the VCR in her office.

He pulled up a chair and motioned for her to crawl over next to him.

"When I watch football, I like the way the color commentators tell me what's going through the players' minds. As we watch this tape, I want you to honestly tell me what was going through your mind at each instant. Feel free to use the dirtiest words you know.

"I expect this to be pretty exciting, so you should probably slip out of those panties and play with your clit while you do your play-by-play."

Like a robot, her hands moved to the waistband of her panties and pulled them down.

She hesitated just a moment before moving her hand down to her crotch.

"Could you at least lock the door," she said.

"No," he answered. "The fear of getting caught gets you more excited, remember?"

"Damn," she thought. "Why did he have to say that?"

Just like yesterday, the thought of someone bursting in and seeing her playing with herself in her office started a tingle in her pussy.

"One thing I forgot," Tom said. "As you play with yourself, you will get more and more excited. But each time you get close to orgasm, you will stop for a while. Whatever you do, do NOT cum."

With that he started the tape and Suzanne began diddling herself and describing what was happening on the screen.

"I hated you for putting me in this position," Suzanne said at first. "I kept thinking what a bastard you were and that I would kill you if I ever got the chance."

That's not exactly what Tom wanted to hear, but he had asked her to be honest.

On the screen, she was shoving the first marker into her pussy.

"I thought this was very degrading," she said through labored breaths. She was getting close to an orgasm. Just then, her hand stopped.

Frustrated, she concentrated on the screen and saw herself shoving a marker into her ass and three into her pussy.

Her hand started moving again.

"I hated every minute of this, but I was getting so damned excited. My pussy was dripping," she said. "I wanted to beg you to let me cum."

She couldn't believe she said that. She also couldn't believe that she wanted to do the same thing again. She was so close to a climax.

Her hand stopped moving again. With a groan, she continued to describe the action on the screen.

"Here is when you finally told me I could cum," she said, beginning to diddle again. "It felt so fucking good, better than anything I had ever felt before."

Oh, how she wanted to feel that way again. She was getting so close.

"Stop playing with yourself," Tom said.

"No," Suzanne's mind screamed. This was driving her insane.

"I got pretty hot watching that," Tom said. "Come over her and suck my dick. I'll even make it easier for you by taking it out. Your mouth will be like a pussy. Everything it feels, you will feel in your crotch, but you're still not allowed to cum."

He reached down and unzipped his fly and took out his cock.

Suzanne crawled over and took it in her mouth. She let out a small squeal, it felt just like someone was fucking her. And it felt good.

She took his penis all the way in her throat, then started pushing her head up and down.

Faster and faster she went until she was fucking her face with his cock. She felt him tense. She knew an explosion was near.

"Swallow every drop," Tom said.

With that he came hard, pumping what seemed like a gallon of semen into her mouth. She gagged, but her greedy mouth managed to suck up every drop.

"You're getting much better," Tom said. "You didn't spill any this time. Good girl."

Suzanne hung her head in shame and frustration.

"Suzanne, we shouldn't keep secrets in a relationship like ours," he said as he zipped up. "What's on your mind? Tell me honestly."

She tried to resist him, but her mouth moved on its own.

"I'd ... really need to cum," she said pathetically.

"Well, I'd like to make you happy, but after the way you tried to avoid me this morning, that will have to wait," he said.

She groaned.

"Besides," he continued. "We have to prepare for the board meeting. It's only an hour away."

She glanced at the clock and realized he was right. She hurried to her feet and started heading to her bathroom to clean up.

"Not so fast," he said. "I haven't dismissed you yet. Come back here."

She stopped in her tracks and returned to Tom.

"I brought you another present," he said, reaching into his briefcase to pull out two dildos. "I want you to put this one in your pussy and this one in your ass."

There was no way to resist.

The first one slipped easily into her sopping cunt, but she struggled with the second.

"You're having quite a problem," Tom said. "I'll help you out. You have already greased up the first one, so you can take it out of your pussy and use that one for your ass. The other one should go into your cunt easily."

She did as he asked, then Tom fitted her with a belt to hold them in place.

"Now, get dressed," he said.

Suzanne had just about finished buttoning up her blouse when her pussy and ass exploded in sensation. Tom grinned and showed her a remote, then turned the vibrators off.

"Nice, little toy, huh," he said. "This button controls the dildo in your ass and this one controls the one in your pussy. I'm telling you this because you get handle the controls during the board meeting."

A new look of fear spread across her face.

"Whenever anyone in the meeting says 'sales' you will turn on the one in your ass and leave it on for at least 30 seconds," he said as he handed her the remote. "When someone says 'research' turn on the one in your pussy and leave it on for at least 30 seconds. Every time this happens you will get hornier and hornier, but you will not cum."

Suzanne could not believe he was going to humiliate her in public this way. How could she survive this?

He headed for the door, but just before he left he turned back to her.

"Oh, I almost forgot," he said. "I don't want you brushing your teeth or rinsing out your mouth in any way. I want the taste of my cum to linger in your mouth. I'll see you at the meeting. Don't be late."

Tom was one of the first ones to arrive at the board meeting.

He took his seat and waited for Suzanne.

The boss entered the room right on time. Everyone rose when she entered. She liked being treated like royalty at the board meetings.

But she didn't look quite so royal this time. Tom chuckled to himself as she walked gingerly to her seat. Obviously, it was hard to walk while stuffed with two dildos.

Suzanne motioned everyone to sit down, then carefully lowered herself into her chair.

Tom noticed she was sitting on the edge rather than her usual habit of leaning back.

The first few minutes when smoothly, then Suzanne realized the next item of business was a report from George in research.

She refused to say the word that would touch off the dildo, so she simply pointed at George.

He stood up and began, "The research department..."

Suzanne could not prevent herself from hitting one of the buttons on the remote. The dildo in her pussy started grinding.

"What's the humming noise," someone said.

Suzanne quickly thought of a way to cover her shame.

"It must be my new laptop," she said, pointing to her computer.

"Yeah, it's your lap," Tom thought.

Finally, 30 seconds passed and Suzanne was able to turn off the damned vibrator.

But her relief didn't last long.

Next up was a sales report. There way of avoiding this.

In the formal style she demanded in her board meetings, the sales director stood up and began, "In sales this week..."

Suzanne's finger flew to the other button and her ass began to vibrate.

Tom chuckled to himself as he watched her squirm on her chair.

Thankfully, she was finally able to turn off the vibrator, but it wasn't long before the damned sales director had to mention his department again.

The vibrator began to hum again. Suzanne was almost beside herself in lust.

By the time she recovered and turned it off, everyone was staring at her.

"Ms. Stevens, are you alright?" the sales director said.

"You don't look so good," Tom added with mock concern. "Was there something in the sales or research report that upset you."

"Damn him," she thought as she switched on both vibrators.

Even with everyone staring at her, it was impossible to stop writhing from the dual assault.

When it was over, she suddenly had an idea.

"Meeting adjourned," she said quickly and moved out of the room as fast as her stuffed body would allow.

Tom could barely stifle a laugh as he watched her leave.

The others in the meeting stayed around the table for a long time, discussing the boss' strange behavior. As soon as they filed out, Tom took out his cell phone and dialed the number for the new phone he had given Suzanne.

"How could you do that to me," she almost screamed as soon as she picked up.

"Oh, I think you enjoyed my little toys," he said. "Keep them in for the rest of the day. Turn them on for 10 minutes every half-hour, but do NOT cum. You can take out the dildos and get cleaned up when you get home. I'll probably be pretty hungry when I get to your house tonight, so have something good ready. See at 6."

He hung up and returned to his desk.

A little while later his phone rang. It was Jodi.

"What have you done to Ms. Stevens?" she said quickly. "George came back from the board meeting and said she was acting very strangely."

"Oh, I just modified her behavior a little bit," Tom said.

"Tom, I'm worried about this," she said. "Are you doing anything to hurt her?"

"No, no," he said. "I bet she enjoys most of it. How about I explain it to you over lunch tomorrow."

"Okay," she said cautiously. "Let's meet at Horatio's."

"It's a date," he said, then hung up.

He would have to handle Jodi carefully, but Tom didn't want to worry about that tonight. He had other plans for Suzanne first.

Bossing the Boss Ch. 05
byFourscore©

Author's Note: To get background on the characters, please read the previous chapters. Thanks to everyone for all the kind comments I've received so far. Don't read this if you are underage, if it is illegal in your area, or if it is offensive to you. All characters are fictitious. All events are fictional. Any similarities in this story to real events or people are unintentional.

* * * * *

Suzanne glanced at the clock when she ended her cell phone conversation with Tom.

Damn! It was only 2 o'clock. She had at least another two hours before she could go home. She would have to sit here in her office with the vibrators stuffed in her pussy and ass until then.

She couldn't even go to the bathroom with them in.

And then there was the taste of stale cum in her mouth. She couldn't do anything about that, either.

But worse than any of that was the memory of how she had humiliated herself at the board meeting.

She must have looked like some sort of slut wiggling her rear like that. How could she ever face those people again?

As these thoughts were running through her mind, she looked clock again.

It was 2:30.

Without thinking her hand went to the remote and turned both switches on.

The vibrators started moving.

"Ohhh," she moaned, closing her eyes and soaking in the sensations.

Every time the vibrators turned on, it was harder to fight the fire burning in her loins.

As much as she hated to do it, she slipped her hand inside her panties and started stroking her clit. Perhaps that would help the vibrators send her over the top.

Instead it only added to her frustration.

At 2:40, despite her mind screaming, "No!", she turned off the vibrators.

The process was repeated at 3, 3:30 and 4. Finally, she composed herself the best she could, packed her briefcase and left the office.

It was still difficult to walk while double-stuffed, but she was getting better at it.

"Headed home early?" her secretary asked.

"Yes, it's been a long day," Suzanne said truthfully, then hurried out of the office.

She was nearly home when she glanced at her dashboard clock and saw it said 4:29.

"Oh no," she thought. She would have to turn the vibrators on again soon. There was no way she could drive when that happened.

She frantically looked for a place to pull over, but it was too late.

The clock turned to 4:30 and she flicked the vibrators on.

Suzanne clenched her legs together and bit her lip, fighting for composure. She barely avoided an accident as she swerved across the lanes of traffic to an exit, then pulled into the nearest parking lot.

There she was able to throw her head back and ride out the waves of pleasure the vibrators produced.

When she finally regained her senses, she got a shock.

A burly policeman was tapping on her window.

"Oh, my gosh," she thought. "How much had he seen?"

She rolled down her window.

"Is everything okay, miss?" he asked.

"It is now," she said, trying to steady her breath. "I ... wasn't feeling well."

"It looked like you were feeling pretty good to me," he said with a knowing smile. "Try to wait until you get home for that kind of stuff."

She turned beet-red and hung her head in shame.

"Yes, officer," was all she could muster.

Then, he was gone.

Suzanne looked around and her nightmare got worse. She had pulled into the parking lot of a seedy adult book store and lingerie shop.

She was about to pull away when the flashing sign of the lingerie shop caught her eye. She was somehow drawn to it.

Suzanne got out of her car and headed for the shop.

Inside was the widest array of sex toys, tapes and fantasy outfits she had ever seen. Without exactly knowing why she did it, she picked out an outfit and hurried to the counter.

"Don't you want to try it on first," grinned the grimy man at the counter.

"No," she said quickly. "I'm in a hurry."

And she was. It was about 10 minutes to five. She had just enough time to get home before the clock would trigger another vibrator incident.

Suzanne hurried to the car as quickly as her dual vibrators would allow.

She sped home, parked the car and ran inside her house.

As soon as she shut the door, she hiked up her skirt, pulled off the belt that Tom had put on her and yanked the vibrators from her body.

She looked at the clock – 4:59.

She had just made it.

Suzanne thought she would feel better, but instead she felt empty with the vibrators gone.

"That's crazy," she thought. "I'll feel better after a nice bath."

She went to the kitchen and got dinner started, then went upstairs to her bathroom and drew a hot bath.

That was a mistake. She should have taken a cold shower.

The warm bath water only seemed to make her pussy cry out for relief even more. She tried gently stroking herself like she did when she was alone, but it didn't work. Nothing she did could put her over the top.

Why had he denied her an orgasm!

Finally, she gave up on pleasuring herself and dressed in her new outfit.

Then, she finished preparing dinner and sat down to wait for Tom.

As much as she hated this maniac, she needed him tonight. Her cunt was demanding relief. Being in a constant state of horniness was driving her crazy.

Well, at least it was almost six.

She couldn't sit any longer she walked over to the front window and peaked out. No sign of him yet. What was going on? She started pacing.

Tom finally pulled up in front of Suzanne's house at nearly seven.

He didn't even get a chance to knock on the door when it flung open and she pulled him inside.

Tom stopped dead in his tracks for a moment.

Suzanne looked the best he had ever seen her.

She was wearing a frilly white bra and panty set with matching garter belt holding up high white stockings. Over the top of the outfit was sheer, flowing white robe that concealed nothing.

Tom smiled to himself.

He hadn't told her to wear lingerie tonight. She obviously wanted to seduce him, whether she wanted to admit it or not.

He also noticed that the crotch of her panties was damp.

"Why are you late?," she snapped.

"I didn't know you were so eager to see me," he said with a smile.

"I'm...I'm not," she said. "I just want to get this over with."

Tom knew he could command her to talk honestly and get her to admit that she was horny as hell, but tonight he didn't want to use the potion. She already had worked herself up to the point where she would be begging for his cock soon.

He couldn't wait to see that, but patience is a virtue.

"What's for dinner?" he asked sweetly.

She groaned softly, but led him to the kitchen where the meal awaited.

Without being told, Suzanne began feeding him like a king again. Tom had to ask her to slow down several times. She was obviously in a hurry to get dinner over with.

When he had finished eating, Tom rose from the table and gave his first command of the evening.

"Get this mess cleaned up," he said and walked out of the room.

Suzanne could not believe he was ignoring her, especially with the way she looked tonight.

She cried to herself as she cleaned the table and washed the dishes. She worked as quickly as she could then hurried into the living room.

She expected Tom to be there waiting for her, but he was sitting in front of the television.

Suzanne walked into the room as seductively as she could and stood there waiting.

He showed no interest.

Finally, trying to sound disinterested, she asked, "So, what are we going to do tonight?"

"There are some really good shows on," Tom said. "I thought I'd just watch television and give you a night off."

Her eyes widened. He wouldn't really do this to her, would he?

"Well ... I ...thought," she stammered.

"What is it?" he was innocently.

Suzanne couldn't stand the games any longer.

"You know damn well what it is," she snapped. "You get me all worked up, make me turn those stupid toys on every half hour, then don't let me cum. After all you've done to me, at least you could give me some pleasure."

"Oh, I have no problem giving you pleasure," he replied. "But I have to be sure you really want it. I wouldn't want to force you into anything."

"Come on, you bastard, quit playing games," she shouted.

"You'll have to convince me," he said, turning back to the TV.

She fought with herself for a few moments, then gave in.

"Alright, I'll do it," she said. "You want to hear me beg? I'll do it. ... Please, Tom, I need you so badly. Please give it to me."

Tom smiled. She was getting close.

"That's not quite good enough," he said. "It's a little too proper."

It was too late to turn back now.

She hugged his knees and really started begging.

"Please, Tom, give me your cock," she said. "I really need it. I've never been so horny in my life. I've spent all day with vibrators stuffed in my ass and cunt, now I need the real thing. If you have any mercy, PLEASE FUCK ME NOW."

"I really feel for you, Suzanne, but that nice blowjob you gave me this afternoon kind of tired me out," he said. "Is there anything else you can do to convince me?"

It was obvious that words alone would not get her what she wanted. Then, Suzanne had an idea.

She hurried into the hall, opened a drawer and saw it. The dog collar, leash and tail were still there.

Her mind fought for a moment, but her pussy won out.

She stripped off her clothes except for the garter and stockings, then snapped the collar around her neck, shoved the tail in her ass and grabbed the leash in her mouth. She sunk to all fours, crawled into the living room and carried the leash over to Tom.

There was a big smile on his face as he took the leash.

She made her final pitch.

"Do what you like with me," she said. "Humiliate me, violate me, walk me around the neighborhood like a bitch in heat, but PLEASE FUCK ME."

Tom couldn't resist any longer.

He got up and quickly removed his clothes.

Suzanne licked her lips in anticipation as she stared at his rock-hard erection, then rolled over and spread her legs wantonly.

Tom teased her a little more, rubbing the tip of his cock over the lips of her pussy.

Suzanne ground her hips, desperately trying to get him inside her.

"Suzanne," he said. "This is where you get your release. As I fuck you, you will feel the heat growing inside you with each stroke. When you feel the first blast of my orgasm, you may cum, too. And it will be the most intense pleasure you have ever felt in your life."

He started screwing her softly and slowly, then picked up the pace.

Suzanne was moaning and babbling mindlessly.

"Oh, yeessss, yessss," she yelled. "Fuck me, fuck me, fuck me!"

Finally, Tom could not hold out any longer. He let loose with a powerful orgasm, then immediately felt her pussy muscles contract, pulling him in.

"Ahhhhhhhhhhhh," she screamed.

It took Suzanne quite some time to come down from her high.

When she regained her senses, she saw Tom staring at her.

She rolled away and tried to cover herself up.

"No sense being modest now," Tom said. "That was quite a performance. And I have it all on tape."

Suzanne quickly looked around.

In her heat, she hadn't even noticed that he had set up the video camera.

"No one could ever accuse me of forcing you to do anything tonight," he said.

"I hate you," she cried softly. "Why are you doing this to me?"

"Because I can," he replied. "And also because, even though you protest, I think you enjoy all this."

"That's not true," she cried. "You made me do this."

"Well, tell me that sometime when you don't have that tail stuck in your ass," he said with a smirk. "Remember, I didn't order you to do anything tonight."

Suzanne was defeated. She reached back and pulled to tail from her anus. It came out with an embarrassing "Plop."

Tom got up and started getting dressed.

"Don't be late for work tomorrow," he said. "I'm sure everyone will want to ask you what happened at the board meeting. I'll only be working half a day. I have a lunch meeting and don't expect to be back after it. But I will come by here tomorrow night at the usual time. Tomorrow is Friday, so we can plan our long weekend together. Good night."

Tom took his new video and left.

Bossing the Boss Ch. 06
byFourscore©

Author's Note: To get background on the characters, please read the previous chapters. Thanks to everyone for all the kind comments I've received so far. Don't read this if you are underage, if it is illegal in your area, or if it is offensive to you. All characters are fictitious. All events are fictional. Any similarities in this story to real events or people are unintentional.

Tom arrived at the restaurant before Jodi and picked a secluded booth in the back.

It was a light lunch-time crowd, so he saw her as soon as she walked in. The waitress led her over to his table.

“Hi, Tom,” she said nervously as he pulled out her chair for her.

“It’s great to see you,” Tom replied with his most confident smile and slid into his seat. “I know you don’t have long for lunch, so I took the liberty of ordering for you. The seafood salad here is great. I hope you won’t get in too much trouble, but I ordered us some wine.”

He handed her a glass and picked up his own.

“A toast,” he said. “To our first date.”

She gave a small smile, touched glasses with him and drank.

“This is good,” she said.

“Their best,” he said. “I’ve just got a big raise.”

“Yeah,” she said suspiciously. “We should talk about that.”

“Well, I can’t say that your little potion didn’t help, but I did deserve the raise,” he said.

“I’m sure you did,” she said. “But what else have you done with Suzanne? George said she made a fool of herself at the board meeting. She was distracted the whole time, then was grinding her butt into her chair like she was ...”

Tom let a smile creep across his face.

“Guilty,” he said, holding up his hands. “I gave her something else to think about at the board meeting.”

“Tom,” she said sternly. “I never intended for the formula to be used in a ... sexual way.”

“Jodi, just relax, finish your wine and let me explain,” he said taking a big sip. She did the same. “You have to admit that Suzanne needed to be taken down a few pegs. If you didn’t agree with me on that, you never would have given me the potion. Yes, I embarrassed her a little bit, but I did no physical harm to her.”

“But this just isn’t right,” she said. “You’re going to have to stop. I can’t let this go on.”

“It’s too late to stop,” he said.

“No it’s not,” she said. “If you don’t, I’ll ... have to turn you in.”

“No you won’t,” he said, noticing her glass was empty. “I have to admit something to you. I slipped some of the potion into your wine today.”

She stared at the empty glass.

“You did what!,” she exclaimed.

“Keep your voice down,” he said.

“How could you do that to me?” she said, noticing that without intending to she had dropped her voice to a hushed tone.

Both were silent for a moment, lost in their thoughts.

“So, what happens now?” she said. “Are you going to start ordering me around like you did Ms. Stevens?”

“No, Jodi, I would never do that to you,” he said. “I have too much respect for you to do that. The only reason I did it with Suzanne was that she was such a bitch. You’ve always been sweet to me. The only reason I slipped you the potion was to protect myself. I only have one order for you: Don’t tell anyone about the formula or what I’ve done to Suzanne.”

Just then the waitress came with their food. They suspended their conversation until she left.

“I care about you,” he continued. “I could never do anything like that to you.”

“So you’re not going to turn me into some kind of sex slave?” she said.

“No, never,” he said.

“Oh,” she said, absent-mindedly moving her food around her plate with a fork.

They were silent for a long time.

Finally, Tom said, “What’s the matter?”

Both of them had forgotten she had the potion flowing threw her veins. Her mind took his question as an order to respond.

“I’m a little disappointed,” she said, then quickly covered her mouth in shock.

Tom sat there staring at her in astonishment.

She started to flee the table.

“Wait,” he said. “Sit down.”

Immediately she compiled.

“Tell me what’s on your mind,” he said. “And be honest.”

“Well,” she said, blushing. “I actually was hoping that you would take advantage of me. I guess I’ve always had a submissive side. I thought that you might use the potion on me, that’s why I didn’t protest about the wine. Normally, I never drink at lunch. But deep down I was kind of hoping that you would put me under your control.”

Tom was in shock.

“Jodi, I would have never guessed this about you,” he said.

“Well,” she said. “now you know my deepest, darkest secret. What do you plan to do about it?”

“Do you really want this,” he asked.

“Yes, I do,” she said. “I’ve always dreamed of being with a big, strong man like you who would take charge of everything. The idea of being forced to embarrass or humiliate myself turns me on. You can do whatever you like to me.”

“You’re sure?” he asked.

“Yes,” she said, bowing her head.

“Okay,” he said. “Give me your panties.”

“Right here?” she asked.

“Yes,” he answered.

It was quite in ordeal in the cramped booth, but she managed to reach under her skirt and wiggle out of her panties. She handed them to him under the table.

Tom pulled her underwear up to his face and inspected them. The crotch was soaking wet. She certainly was telling the truth. She was turned on by the idea of humiliating herself.

This was too good to be true.

First, he put Suzanne under his control, now he had Jodi as a willing servant.

“Okay,” he said. “Now I need the bra.”

Jodi looked quickly around the restaurant, then reached under her blouse and started working on her bra.

Tom loved watching her squirm around to get the bra off without exposing herself.

She pulled it out and handed it to him.

Jodi felt strange. She never went out without undergarments.

Tom could see her discomfort.

“Are you okay?” he asked.

“Yes,” she said quietly. “I’m terribly embarrassed, but I’m excited.”

“Good,” Tom said. “Let’s continue the show. Let’s see your tits.”

Jodi looked scared.

“Right here in the restaurant?” she said.

“Yes, it can just be a quick flash for now,” he said.

Jodi took another glance around. Luckily the restaurant was dark and not many people were around.

She casually unbuttoned three buttons, then, after looking around again, pulled open her blouse and exposed her breasts.

Tom was impressed.

Her boobs weren’t as big as Suzanne’s, but she had the advantage of youth. Her tits were well-shaped and perky.

“Nice,” Tom said.

Jodi closed her blouse and redid the buttons.

Tom handed her a bread stick.

“These bread sticks are really dry,” he said, looking at it thoughtfully. “Maybe you could soften it up. Take this and stick it in your pussy.”

Jodi stared at the bread stick for a moment or two, then took it from him and reached under her skirt. The sesame seeds on the outside felt funny as he shoved the bread stick into her cunt.

“Leave it there for a little while,” Tom said. “How does it feel to know you’re sitting in the middle of a restaurant with no underwear and a bread stick in your pussy?”

“It’s embarrassing me, but it’s making me horny,” she admitted.

“Good,” he said. “Now take the bread stick out and eat it.”

This was the most bizarre thing he had ordered her to do. There was no way she could eat that thing after it had been inside her.

But her hands paid no attention to her mind.

She pulled the bread stick out, brought it to her mouth and took a big bite.

“How does it taste?” he asked.

“Very strange,” she said.

“Finish it up,” he said.

She did, then said, “Can’t we get out of here. I’m so hot I can’t stand it.”

“Okay,” he said, starting to get up. “Oh, I forgot. I have to leave a tip. Do you have a pen?”

Jodi fished around in her purse and found a pen. She started to hand it to him.

“No,” he said, handing her panties back to her. “You keep it. Write your name and phone number on these. That will be the tip.”

Jodi flushed.

“I couldn’t,” she said. “What if she calls me?”

“We’ll handle that when it happens,” he said. “Now start writing.”

It wasn’t easy to write on the silky panties, but Jodi eventually got her name and phone number down. Tom checked to make sure she wrote the correct number, then headed for the door.

“Let’s go,” he said.

Jodi followed closely behind, her pussy pulsing. She could hardly wait to see what else was in store.

Tom took her to his car and they got inside.

“You sure you want this?” he asked.

She didn’t answer, just nodded yes.

“Okay,” he said, pulling out onto the street. “Let’s show the world what you’ve got. Open up your blouse and let your tits hang out. I’m sure other guys will enjoy the show.”

Jodi turned crimson as she did what he asked. She felt so exposed, yet so exhilarated.

She thought she would die of shame when a trucker went past and honked his horn.

“Honk your horns back,” Tom said.

Jodi reached up and squeezed her breasts.

When they reached Tom’s apartment building, he let her close the blouse, but not button it. She had to be careful how she moved so she wouldn’t expose herself.

Finally they were safely inside.

“Did that make you hot?” he asked.

She bit her bottom lip and vigorously nodded her head.

“Well, let’s do something about that,” he said.

“Tom,” she said. “I’m not very experienced.”

“Don’t worry,” he said. “I’ll teach you.”

It was exciting for Tom to be in control, but this was totally different from Suzanne. He wanted to make sure this girl had a good time.

“Take off your clothes,” he said.

Jodi wasted no time stripping off her blouse and skirt. She stood there naked in front of him.

“Let’s go to the bedroom,” he said.

He walked behind her enjoying how her tight little butt rolled as she walked.

When she reached the bedroom, Jodi turned and looked at him expectantly.

Tom picked her up and laid her on the bed. He could feel her heart beating violently as he started kissing her and caressing her breasts and ass.

She responded passionately, tugging off his clothes.

“Let’s see if there are any sesame seeds left,” he said as he slipped down her body.

He kissed her inner thighs then blew softly on his pussy. Then licked up and down her pussy lips before finding her clit and going to work on it.

She grabbed the back of his head and held it close to her sex.

Tom moved his hand to her cunt and slid a finger inside her. She was sopping wet. Soon he added another finger, then a third.

She was grinding her crotch on his hand.

Her heard a soft moan of disappointment when he withdrew the fingers. But he then started rubbing his lubricated finger at the bud of her anus.

Her eyes flew open wide as he shoved it inside.

She had never had anything inside of her ass.

Jodi didn’t like it at first, but he started moving the finger in rhythm with his sucking. It started to feel fantastic.

“Oh, oh, oh,” she moaned. “Don’t stop. I’m so close.”

Finally, she couldn’t take it any more. She pushed his head even farther into her clit, then came with incredible force.

“That was incredible,” she said, regaining her breath. Then she looked up at him expectantly. “But it was too nice. Order me around. Make be do obscene things.”

Tom had never seen a girl so turned on.

“Alright,” he said. “Go get your video camera.”

She ran out of the bedroom and returned with the camera. He took it and focused on this naked beauty.

“Jodi, the entire world is watching,” he said. “Your parents might even see this some day. Maybe I’ll take it to work and show it in the lunchroom. Put on a good show. I want to see your sexiest dance.”

It was obvious that she didn’t have much experience at this kind of stuff, but she started gyrating around the room.

“Now,” he said. “Look at the camera and tell me what just happened to you.”

“Tom brought me to his apartment, told to undress, then ...” she hesitated.

“No time to be shy now,” he said. “Tell the story and use the dirtiest words you know.”

“He told me to undress, then laid me on the bed and sucked my pussy until I came all over his face. And while he was doing it, he shoved a finger up my ass. I loved it.”

Even after his wild escapades with Suzanne the last few days, Tom knew he couldn’t hold out much longer.

“Tell the world what you want now,” he said.

Jodi looked directly into the camera and said, “I want to get fucked! I want Tom to ram his cock inside me and fuck my brains out!”

“Well, who am I to disappoint a lady,” Tom said.

He put the camera down, but kept the film running.

“Get on your hands and knees and present that pussy to me,” Tom said.

Jodi scrambled to the floor and shoved her ass in the air, rotating it in enticing circles. Then she reached behind her and held her crack open wide.

By the time Tom got behind her, Jodi was beside herself.

“Do you really want it?” he asked.

“Hell, yes!,” she shouted. “Slam it in me. Treat me like a bitch in heat. I need your cock!”

Tom didn’t need to hear any more.

He quickly mounted her then grabbed her hips and started fucking for all he was worth.

“Fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck,” she shouted. “Give it to me you big stud. Fuck your little whore. I need it so bad.”

With a groan, Tom slammed his entire length inside her and exploded.

“Yes, yes, yes,” she cried. “That’s what I want. Fill me up with your cum.”

“Jodi, cum now,” he ordered.

Suddenly, he felt her tighten, then she shrieked.

“Ohhhhhhhhhhhh!”

The both collapsed in bliss.

Tom finally rolled off her and sat back on the bed.

“I’m a mess,” he said. “You’d better clean me up.”

Jodi hesitated for only a moment, then crawled between his legs and sucked his deflating cock into her mouth. It was humiliating to taste her own juices, but she loved it. She lovingly sucked it clean, then licked his balls and all around his crotch.

Tom knew if he let her go much longer, he would be ready for another round. But he wanted to save some strength for Suzanne tonight.

He told her to stop, then pulled her up into his embrace.

“You are amazing,” he said.

“You’re not so bad yourself,” she said. “You don’t have to use the potion on me any more. Just tell me what to do and I’ll do it. Don’t worry about me. I can take whatever you dish out. The dirtier the better. I love every second of it.”

Tom laid back and smiled. He would have to introduce Jodi to Suzanne soon.

Bossing the Boss Ch. 07
byFourscore©

Author's Note: To get background on the characters, please read the previous chapters. Please give me your comments, that's what keeps me going. Don't read this if you are underage, if it is illegal in your area, or if it is offensive to you. All characters are fictitious. All events are fictional. Any similarities in this story to real events or people are unintentional.

It was another day of hell at work for Suzanne.

She arrived on time as Tom had ordered, even though it was the last place she wanted to be.

She could feel every eye on her as she walked through the building. She was sure that by now everyone had heard about her performance at the board meeting and were whispering about the bizarre behavior of their boss.

If she had any close friends at work, perhaps someone would have asked her if she was okay.

But after years of abusing her employees, she had no friends here.

All she got were stares and giggles as she passed. If they had known how she had begged Tom to have sex with her later in the day and turned herself into his sexual pet, they would have laughed even more.

Suzanne finally made it to her office and hid behind the door. She left orders that she was not to be disturbed.

Thankfully, Tom had been away from his desk when she came in.

She couldn’t bear to face him again.

She had to find a way out of this trap.

She had shocked herself with her behavior. Sex had never been a priority or even much of an interest to her before, now thoughts of cocks and sex filled her mind constantly. And even the memory of how she had totally humiliated herself was starting to turn her on.

“No!” she thought to herself.

She had to stop thinking about these things.

She had a business to run and she had to find a way to escape Tom’s control.

Suzanne tried to concentrate on her work, but it did no good. Her mind kept drifting.

Why hadn’t Tom called her this morning?

She had seen his car in the parking lot.

It was strange that he hadn’t made any contact with her today.

Finally, curiosity got the best of her and she buzzed her secretary.

“Rachel,” she said. “Is Tom in today?”

“Yes, he was,” her secretary answered. “But he left. He said he had an early business lunch and wouldn’t be back this afternoon.”

Wow, Suzanne thought, she had an afternoon of freedom.

She dove back into her work and actually made some progress.

It was nearly two o’clock when the phone rang.

She hesitated for a moment, fearing it was Tom, but he would call on the cell phone he had given her. This was her private line.

She picked it up.

“Hello,” she said tentatively.

“Hi, sis,” came the response from her younger sister.

“Jennifer, it’s good to hear from you,” Suzanne said honestly.

“Well, it had been a while since I called, so I thought I should see you you’re doing,” Jennifer said. “What’s new?”

Suzanne wanted to pour out the whole story and appeal to her little sister for help. But she couldn’t. Tom had given her that damned command not to tell anyone.

Here was a golden chance to escape.

Jennifer was a hot-shot lawyer in a nearby city. She advertised herself as the “Alimony Avenger” for her take-no-prisoners approach to divorce cases. Suzanne had heard several other less-flattering nicknames applied to her sister - mainly from men who had lost divorce cases against her.

Divorce cases is where she had made a ton of money, but Jennifer learned the ropes through the criminal court system. Suzanne had met plenty of Jennifer’s police and judge friends at parties.

Jennifer would know how to put Tom behind bars, but Suzanne could not say a word.

Suddenly, an idea popped into her head.

“Jennifer,” she said. “It’s been too long since we’ve seen each other. Why don’t you come over tonight and spend the weekend?”

“That’s a great idea,” Jennifer replied. “Luckily, I don’t have anything going on and I was going to take half-a-day off today, anyway. I’ll be there around five.”

“Great,” Suzanne said, hanging up the phone.

This is perfect, Suzanne thought.

Tom wouldn’t dare try anything with Jennifer around, and if he did, she would know how to handle him.

Maybe there was a way out after all.

Tom rolled out of bed and glanced at the clock.

It was nearly five o’clock. He had really dozed off.

Jodi had sapped his strength, but he wasn’t going to give up his weekend with Suzanne. He was just starting to get her trained.

When Tom returned from the shower, Jodi saw him getting dressed and whimpered her disappointment.

“I’ve got some plans for the weekend, but we’ll get together again Monday,” he said. “I’ll drive you back to your car.”

Jodi wasn’t happy, but she wasn’t the one giving the orders in this relationship.

After he dropped Jodi off at her car, Tom checked to make sure that his package of goodies for this weekend was still in the backseat.

It was there along with a bag of clothes he had packed for himself.

He drove to Suzanne’s house whistling a tune. This was going to be a fun weekend.

When he arrived at the door at a little past six, Suzanne let him in. Tom was surprised that she wasn’t dressed in lingerie. She had changed after work, but was wearing a sweater and slacks.

He was about to say something about it when he heard a voice from the living room.

“Hurry back, Suzanne, you’ve got to see this. Judge Judy is really giving it to some idiot guy.”

Tom grabbed Suzanne’s arm.

“Who is that?” he whispered.

“It’s my sister,” Suzanne said with a smug look on her face. “She’s staying for the weekend. I guess that ruins your little plans.”

“We’ll see about that,” he said. “Have you told her anything about us?”

“No,” Suzanne couldn’t lie. “You told me I couldn’t.”

“Good,” Tom said, thinking for a moment. “Here’s what you’re going to do. Tell, her that I’m a friend from work who had to drop off some papers and you invited me in for a drink.”

Suzanne looked at him curiously, but led him into the living room and followed his instructions.

Tom was pleasantly surprised when he saw Jennifer.

She was even more striking than Suzanne.

She had the same movie-star face and athletic build, but her tits were a little larger than Suzanne’s and she was several years younger. Plus, she was a blond while her sister was a brunette.

“This is going to be fun,” Tom thought.

Jennifer looked puzzled when Suzanne introduced Tom. Her sister hadn’t mentioned any friends from work, especially male friends. She would have to grill her after Tom left.

There was a brief awkward moment, then Tom said:

“Suzanne, let’s go to the kitchen, I’ll help you get the drinks. Jennifer, what would you like? I make a great daiquiri.”

“That sounds great,” Jennifer said and settled back down to watch her TV show.

Tom led Suzanne to the kitchen and started mixing the drinks.

His silence scared Suzanne, but she said nothing until he finished preparing three drinks then reached into his coat pocket and pulled out two vials.

“Now, for the special ingredient,” he said, emptying vials into two of the glasses.

Suzanne’s eyes went wide.

“Yes, you’re right, Suzanne,” Tom said. “This is the mind-control drug. You’re going to serve it to your sister.”

“No!,” Suzanne squealed.

“Keep your voice down,” Tom said. “You will do nothing to alert your sister. You will give her this drink, then take the other one for yourself. You will act completely normal until Jennifer finishes her drink. Now, lets serve our drinks.”

Tom took the unspiked drink for himself and let Suzanne carry the other two in.

She wanted to scream out a warning to her sister, but was powerless to do anything.

Suzanne handed the dreaded drink to her little sister, then Tom held up his glass and said, “Cheers.”

They all took a big gulp.

“You’re right, Tom,” Jennifer said. “You do make a great daiquiri. I think this is the best I’ve ever tasted.”

“Don’t worry, there’s more back in the kitchen,” he said. “Drink up.”

And Jennifer took another big swallow.

Suzanne wanted to cry as she watched her little sister falling into the same trap that had ensnared her, but she couldn’t do anything. She couldn’t even stop drinking her drug-laced drink.

When the drinks were almost finished, Tom said, “Oh, Suzanne, I almost forgot. I brought you something. I left it in the hall. Go get it and try it on, then come back and show us. I’ll entertain your sister while you’re gone.”

With an overwhelming feeling of dread, Suzanne got up and left the room.

Jennifer thought it was strange that a friend from work had brought her sister something to wear, but before she could say anything, Tom said, “Finish your drink.”

Jennifer quickly drained the glass.

“That was odd,” she thought. “I don’t usually gulp a drink like that.”

Tom had seen her quick response to his simple command. It had worked. Now he had two beauties under his control.

Meanwhile, Suzanne nearly passed out when she got to her bedroom and opened Tom’s gift. It was a low-cut French maid’s uniform complete with a hat and fishnet stockings.

She couldn’t put this on and go back down and face her sister, but that is what Tom had ordered.

A tear escaped from the corner of her eye as she grabbed the obscene outfit and started dressing.

When she got it on, it was even worse.

She had to force her breasts into the tight top and the skirt barely covered her butt. If she bent over at all, the frilly white panties that came with it would show.

Suzanne looked in the mirror and saw what looked like an extra in a porno movie staring back at her.

Unable to control her actions, she started walking down the stairs to her doom.

It hadn’t taken Tom long to realize that Jennifer was an even bigger bitch than her sister. All she wanted to talk about was how much fun it was to fleece men in divorce cases.

Her attitude would be changing soon.

The conversation stopped when Suzanne walked into the room.

Jennifer was shocked.

“Suzanne,” she yelled. “What the hell is going on?”

Tom just smiled and said, “Turn around. Model the outfit for us.”

Jennifer stood in stunned silence as her sister did what Tom had asked, pirouetting around to show off her skimpy costume.

Jennifer reddened and turned on Tom.

“Are you behind this?” she demanded.

“Yes, I am,” Tom answered calmly. “Suzanne, tell your sister the truth about what has happened.”

Earlier, Suzanne had wanted to pour out the whole story for Jennifer. Now, standing there in this embarrassing maid’s costume, it would be humiliating to tell her tale.

But she was powerless to resist Tom.

“Tom drugged me one day at work. I can’t resist any of his commands. He has turned me into his sex toy.”

Jennifer was livid.

“How dare you?” she spat at Tom. “Your little game ends here. I’m calling the police right now and have you arrested for rape. And when they’re done with you, I’m going to sue your ass for everything you own.”

Tom took it all with a smile on his face and didn’t say anything until Suzanne started to reach for her cell phone.

“Stop,” he said quietly.

Jennifer froze. She wanted to dial 911, but her fingers wouldn’t work.

She looked at Tom in outrage.

“What’s going on here?” she said. “What have you done, you bastard?”

Tom smiled.

“Jennifer, the drink you just finished contained the same potion I gave your sister. You are now under my control as well.”

“The hell I am,” she said and started to stomp off.

“Stop,” he said. “Come back here and sit down.”

Suzanne and Jennifer both found themselves sitting down on the sofa. It was nothing new for Suzanne to be unable to control her actions, but Jennifer was astonished. How could her body be betraying her? This was not possible.

When they were all seated, Tom laid out the ground rules.

“Jennifer,” he said. “Suzanne already knows these rules, but this is how it is going to work. I’m not going to turn you into some mindless sex zombie. Your mind will continue to work normally, but you will obey all of my commands without question. You will do nothing to harm me or yourself and you won’t tell anyone about our arrangement.”

Jennifer couldn’t believe what she was hearing.

“You son of a bitch,” she said. “If you think I’m going to be controlled by you, you’ve got another thing coming.”

“Silence,” Tom said and her mouth snapped shut. “That’s enough of that. I think we all need to relax and enjoy some movies. Suzanne, go get some of the tapes in my bag and play them for your sister. I think she’d like to know what we’ve been doing the last few days.”

Suzanne couldn’t believe this new humiliation that was being piled on her.

Jennifer was going to see her degradation.

But she couldn’t help herself. She went and got the tapes and pushed one into the VCR. She gave Tom a pleading look, but he simply hit the play button.

“Go sit with your sister while we enjoy the movie,” Tom said and Suzanne obeyed.

Suzanne watched in horror as her embarrassment of past few days flashed across the screen. She saw herself masturbating in the office, crawling across the floor with a tail in her ass and begging for Tom’s cock.

Finally, Tom turned to the girls.

“Jennifer, keep your voice down, but you may speak now,” he said. “What did you think of the movies.”

To Tom’s surprise, she didn’t lash out at him. She turned to her sister.

“How could you?” she said. “I thought you were stronger.”

Suzanne started crying.

“That was a little hard on your sister,” Tom said. “We’re going to have to do something to make her feel better. Jennifer, stand up.”

She sprang to her feet.

“I know Suzanne enjoys dancing,” Tom said. “Dance for us.”

Jennifer glared at Tom, but her body started swaying to an imaginary beat.

She tried to stop, but she just kept dancing.

“Good,” Tom said. “Now, let’s spice it up. You are now a stripper. Tease us a little bit, but get all of your clothes off.”

“I won’t do that,” Jennifer said, but her hands moved to the buttons on her blouse.

“You talk too much for a stripper,” Tom said. “No more protesting.”

Jennifer couldn’t stop herself. She was moving in ways she that she couldn’t believe.

She completely unbuttoned the blouse, then flashed it open for a second to show her black bra before turning away from Tom and Suzanne and looking over her shoulder as she peeled the blouse off.

Jennifer slid the bra straps down off her shoulders and undid the clasp, then slip it completely off.

She crossed her arms in front of her before turning back to her sister and Tom, dancing seductively all the time.

“She has a little more experience than Suzanne,” Tom thought appreciatively.

Finally, Jennifer dropped her arms to reveal her big beautiful tits.

Suzanne tried to look away, but Tom commanded her to watch.

Jennifer’s mind was in torment. She couldn’t believe her body was betraying her like this and she couldn’t believe her sister was watching her strip. There was a six-year age difference between them and they had separate rooms at home. They had never seen each other naked.

But even as those thoughts were running through her head, Jennifer was peeling off her skirt.

It fell to the floor with the rest of her clothes and soon she was reaching for the waistband of her panties.

Tom whistled and clapped, making her feel even cheaper, but Jennifer turned away coquettishly and rolled the panties down her long, tanned legs.

“Turn around,” Tom ordered.

Jennifer obeyed reluctantly and stood naked in front of them.

“Very nice,” he said. “But the thing I like most about strip clubs is lap dancing. I’d love a lap dance from you, but since you’ve been so mean to your sister I think she deserves the first one.”

Jennifer’s eyes went wide, but she could say nothing since Tom had ordered her not to speak.

But Suzanne said, “No, please.”

“Oh, you deserve it,” Tom said. “Now, sit back and enjoy it. Jennifer, get to work.”

Jennifer had never seen a lap dance, but had endured enough bawdy talk from the cops she had been around to know what they were.

She straddled her older sister and began grinding her hips against Suzanne’s leg.

Then, she leaned forward and thrust her tits into Suzanne’s face.

Suzanne tried to turn away, but couldn’t. Then, to her surprise, she felt that familiar tingle in her pussy.

She couldn’t believe it. She wasn’t a lesbian and certainly didn’t have any feelings for her sister, but there was no denying that she was getting wet.

Then, it came to her. Tom had ordered her to enjoy the lap dance. Her body was responding to his command.

Tom noticed that Suzanne was getting worked up.

“Jennifer,” he said. “Since, we’re not in a strip club, we don’t have to obey all the rules. Reach down and feel your sister’s pussy.”

Jennifer wanted to scream out in protest, but couldn’t. Instead, her hand went down and cupped Suzanne’s crotch through the sheer material of her panties.

Despite herself, Suzanne moaned.

“I think you can do better than that,” Tom said. “Get a finger inside and really check her out.”

Jennifer slipped a finger inside her sister’s panties and plunged it in her cunt.

Suzanne sharply drew in a breath.

“You may speak now, Jennifer, what’s it like?” Tom asked.

“It’s all wet,” Jennifer said quietly.

“That mean’s she’s excited,” Tom said. “I think she like to have her tits sucked. Why don’t you do that now.”

Jennifer could not stop herself from pulling down the front of the French maid’s outfit.

She stared for the first time at her sister’s breasts, then she felt her head moving down to nuzzle them. Jennifer licked softly around each of the nipples, then sucked each bud one at a time into her mouth.

Suzanne could not believe how good it felt.

The few times she had been with men, then had been so rough, always clawing and groping. The tenderness of her little sister was getting her worked up.

“Suzanne, you seem to be getting very excited,” Tom said. “Maybe, if you asked her, Jennifer would lick your pussy.”

“No, please don’t ask me to do that,” Suzanne stammered. “I don’t want to be a lesbian.”

“You don’t have to worry about that with me around,” Tom chuckled. “Tell me the truth, Suzanne, would you like to have your pussy licked?”

Suzanne fought with herself, but could not deny the truth. She was too worked up.

“Yes,” she finally cried.

“Then ask her,” Tom said.

Suzanne hesitated for a moment, then looked her frightened sister in the eyes.

“Jennifer,” she said. “Please lick my pussy.”

Jennifer started to back away.

“No, no, no,” she said. “I can’t do that.”

Tom just shook his head.

“Jennifer,” he said. “Obey your sister.”

Jennifer stood still for a moment before Tom told Suzanne to ask again.

Suzanne stood and hugged her little sister. Tom liked the way that caused their tits to rub together.

“There’s nothing we can do about this, Jennifer,” Suzanne said. “Please, lick my pussy.”

Then, Suzanne broke free from her sister’s embrace, slid off her panties and laid on the floor.

Jennifer choked back a small cry, but sank to her knees and lowered her head to her sister’s sex.

She tentatively started licking around the outer regions, then brushed her lips around Suzanne’s pussy lips.

“Omigosh,” Suzanne whispered. “That feels so good.”

The encouragement seemed to inspire Jennifer.

She worked her way to Suzanne’s clit and licked it softly.

“Ahhhh,” Suzanne squealed. “Do that again, please.”

Jennifer began concentrating on the clit, alternating between licking and sucking it into her mouth.

Suzanne was going crazy. She had never experienced anything like this.

“Stick your finger in me, please,” she panted.

Jennifer shoved a finger in her sister’s snatch, then added another. All the while she lavished Suzanne’s clit with her tongue.

Suzanne was squirming all over the floor, writhing in ecstasy.

“Oh, suck me, suck me, suck me,” she screamed. “I’m going to cum. Give it to me, little sister.”

With that, she grabbed the back of Jennifer’s head and shoved it into her crotch.

Jennifer was having trouble breathing, but kept on sucking.

Finally, Suzanne tensed and let loose with a long, violent orgasm.

The girls came out of their reverie when they heard Tom clapping.

“Very nice show, girls,” he said. “But it’s time I got some attention. Jennifer, you may have the honor of undressing me.”

Jennifer lifted herself off her sister’s spent body and walked over to Tom.

She couldn’t believe it, but she found herself undressing this monster.

As she slipped off his pants she could see his cock straining to get loose. She hesitated a moment before slipping off his underwear.

She could not help herself.

She stared at his prick.

She had been with a few men before, but had never seen one this large.

Tom noticed her interest and chuckled.

“Well, if you’re so impressed, maybe you’d better give it a kiss,” he said.

She started to shake her head no, but Tom ordered, “kiss it.”

She placed a peck on the tip of his prick, then leaned back.

“I know you can do better than that,” Tom said. “After all, I just saw you licking your sister’s pussy.”

Jennifer reddened with shame.

“Now, suck my dick,” Tom said.

Jennifer leaned down and took the tip in her mouth. Tom was too worked up to put up with her timidity. He grabbed her head and drove his dick into her mouth.

Jennifer gagged for a moment, then recovered and was doing a pretty good job of cocksucking when Tom pulled out.

“You can help me fuck your sister,” he said to Jennifer, then ordered Suzanne to her hands and knees. “As you know from the movies, she likes doggy-style best.”

Tom slid in behind Suzanne and told Jennifer to guide his cock into her pussy.

Jennifer did as ordered.

Both Tom and Suzanne sighed.

“Jennifer,” Tom said. “Get your head down there and lick my balls while I’m fucking your sister.”

This might have been the most degrading thing for her yet. Jennifer crawled under her sister and got in position to lick Tom’s hairy balls.

It was hard for her to keep up as Tom kept increasing the intensity of his fucking.

“Ah, that feels good,” Tom moaned.

Suzanne was losing control again. She started bucking her pussy back into Tom, willing him to fuck her harder.

“Slam it to me,” she screamed. “Fuck me, fuck me, fuck me.”

Finally, Tom could not hold back any longer.

His cock exploded, filling Suzanne’s cunt with cum. Some of the hot goo dripped out and plopped on Jennifer’s face.

She started to reach up to clean it off when she heard Tom said, “Stop!.”

She looked up to him for a reason why, but he scampered out of the room and returned with the video camera.

He captured the whole scene, zooming in for a close up of Suzanne’s pussy hovering over Jennifer’s cum-drenched face.

“Suzanne,” Tom said. “Your little sister has been so nice to you. Why don’t you pay her back by cleaning her face.”

Suzanne got up to get a wash cloth, but Tom stopped her.

“With your tongue,” he said.

The ecstasy she had enjoyed just a moment ago faded away in a new chapter of humiliation.

But she was unable to resist.

Suzanne knelt down and gently licked all of Tom’s jism off her sister’s face.

“That was a memorable evening,” Tom said. “You girls can go clean up now and get to bed. You’re going to need your rest. We have a wild weekend ahead.”

Bossing the Boss Ch. 08
byFourscore©

Author's Note: To get background on the characters, please read the previous chapters. Please give me your comments, that's what keeps me going. Don't read this if you are underage, if it is illegal in your area, or if it is offensive to you. All characters are fictitious. All events are fictional. Any similarities in this story to real events or people are unintentional.

Jennifer woke early the next morning.

She slipped quietly out of bed and started dressing.

Suzanne felt her stirring in the room and woke up.

“What are you doing?” she whispered sleepily.

“I’m getting away from this monster, and if you have any sense you will, too,” Jennifer said.

“But I can’t,” Suzanne replied. “He has ordered me never to run away from him. Besides, even if I did, he would just call my on that damn cell phone that I have to answer and order me back.”

“Well, he must have slipped up this time because he never gave me that order,” said Jennifer. “I’ll run away and come back with help. We’re ending this nightmare now.”

Suzanne sat silently for a moment.

It could work, she thought.

Finally she whispered, “Good luck.”

With that, Jennifer finished dressing and quietly slipped out the bedroom door and closed it. She carried her shoes so she could move silently. There would be time enough to put them on once she was out of the house.

She crept down the stairs and looked around.

Tom was nowhere to be found.

She was free!

She ran as quickly as she could without making noise.

She was almost to the door when it swung open.

Tom was standing there holding some packages. He had a surprised look on his face.

Jennifer turned in the opposite direction and started to run.

“Stop,” he said quietly.

Jennifer froze in her tracks.

“Damn!” she thought.

Tom walked over slowly with an amused look on his face.

“Where do you think you’re going,” he said.

“I...I...,” Jennifer stammered.

“Tell the truth,” Tom said.

“I was trying to run away from you, you bastard,” she spat.

Tom shook his head.

“That temper will get you in trouble,” he said.

“I’m going to get you in a lot of trouble when I get out of here,” she snarled. “I have a whole list of charges that I’m going to bring against you. I’m going to...”

“Silence,” Tom said.

Jennifer’s mouth snapped shut in mid-sentence.

Suzanne had heard the commotion and came down the steps. She knew immediately that any hope of escape was gone.

“Ah, Suzanne, I’m glad you’re here,” Tom said as he noticed her. “Did you have anything to do with this escape plan.”

“No, it was Jennifer’s idea,” she said honestly.

“That’s what I thought,” he replied. “She is a very naughty little girl. We must do something about that.”

He motioned Suzanne to come to him. She immediately did so.

Tom handed his bag to her.

“Here is your outfit for today,” he said. “Go put it on. And fix your hair. I think you will know what hairstyle goes with the outfit. And take Jennifer with you. Her outfit is in the other bag.”

He turned to Jennifer.

“Go with your sister and dress in the outfit in the bag. The two of you can pick an appropriate hairstyle to go with it. And, Jennifer, I’m glad this happened today because it reminds me of another order I have for you. You will never try to escape again and you will tell no one other than Suzanne what has happened to you. You will never try to harm me or yourself in any way. Do you understand?”

Jennifer nodded her head in resignation.

She knew there was no way she could disobey this order.

“Off you go now, you two,” Tom said. “Jennifer you can speak now, but no more cursing or threatening me.”

Jennifer followed Suzanne to the bedroom where Suzanne opened her bag.

It was a little girl’s party dress – all pink and frilly. Made of satin and lace, the skirt was layered and puffy over petticoats. The sleeves were a transparent lace that ended at the elbow, cinched with a ribbon.

The bodice was a lattice design made of ribbons with a modest square neckline.

It buttoned high in the back and was topped off with a huge bow in back that circled around the waist.

It came complete with little white gloves, lacy white anklets and sparkly pink shoes. Two pink hair ribbons were also in the bag.

Jennifer’s bag was nowhere near as full.

All that was in it was a large diaper with pink rubber pants to go over it and a pink hair ribbon.

“There’s no way I’m putting that on,” Jennifer said.

Suzanne hugged her.

“We have no choice,” she said.

And it was true.

On their own volition, Jennifer’s hands started moving, stripping off all her clothes.

She gasped when her hands started to move she was so startled.

Jennifer did the same.

Soon they were both naked.

Suzanne helped her younger sister pin on the diaper and pull up the rubber pants.

Then she slipped into the party dress.

It fit pretty well except that it was way to short, barely covering her ass.

She dug deeper in the bag and found a pair of little-girl panties with frills on the rear end.

Suzanne pulled them on, then put on the anklets and shoes. She was about to put on the gloves when she remembered they had to do their hair. The gloves would have to wait.

Suzanne put her arm around Jennifer and they walked to the mirror.

A tear rolled down Jennifer’s face as she saw her adult body dressed like a baby.

Her big tits where hanging free with the pink rubber pants the only visible item of clothing.

Suzanne was almost more obscene in her party dress.

Jennifer sat down and Suzanne started doing her hair like she did when they were little girls.

Without knowing why, Suzanne collected all of her sister’s hair and bunched it up on top like a cupie doll and wrapped the pink ribbon around it. Somehow they both knew this was right.

Then Suzanne sat.

Both girls knew the hairstyle that was required.

Jennifer quickly pulled her sister’s hair into two pony tails and attached the ribbons.

They took one last look at each other and headed down the stairs.

Tom was sitting in the living room watching TV.

He had set up the video equipment again and also put up a large playpen in the middle of the room.

The girls looked at the playpen in horror.

“Come in girls,” he said.

Even though they both wanted to run, they walked into the living room.

Tom got up and turned on the video camera.

“Sit down Suzanne,” he said, motioning to the couch.

When she had complied, he turned his attention to Jennifer.

“I want you to go sit on her lap,” he said.

Jennifer walked over timidly and sat on her sister’s lap.

Tom left for a moment and returned from the kitchen carrying a baby bottle filled with apple juice.

“Until I say otherwise, Jennifer, you will now act like a baby,” he said. “You are able to crawl, but not walk. You can only speak in baby gibberish. Although in your mind you will know exactly what is going on. Each new humiliation will get you more sexually excited.”

Jennifer’s body transformed immediately.

She had been sitting stiffly before. Now she started squirming like a baby. Her upper body flopped down until Suzanne supported her sister’s head with her arm.

“You bastard,” she wanted to scream, but all that came out was “baa baa.”

Tom laughed. He could see the hate in her eyes.

Tom handed the bottle to Suzanne.

“You are the big sister,” he said. “You have to take care of her. You can start by feeding the baby.”

Suzanne raised the bottle to Jennifer’s mouth.

Jennifer quickly turned her head away. There was no way she was going through with this charade.

“Oh, Jenni, you are a very hungry baby,” Tom said. “You want that bottle”

Suddenly, Jennifer was famished. She had to have something to eat. Her eyes focused on that bottle in front of her face.

She had to have it.

She opened her mouth.

Suzanne shoved the nipple into her mouth.

Jennifer started sucking greedily.

Tom laughed to himself as he watched the scene.

Then something happened to Jennifer. She felt her pussy start to get wet.

“This can’t be happening,” her mind screamed. “I’m not enjoying this.”

But she could not deny that this humiliation was turning her on.

Soon the bottle was empty.

“She still looks hungry,” Tom said, handing Suzanne another bottle.

Jennifer sucked it down quickly.

“Well, that’s enough for now,” Tom said, walking over to the couch.

He scooped Jennifer up off Suzanne’s lap and put her in the playpen.

Jennifer tried to get up and walk out of that playpen, but the farthest she could get was up on her hands and knees.

“That bastard,” Jennifer thought as she crawled around the playpen.

Her pussy twitched again.

Tom laughed at her.

“Look at the ball-busting lawyer crawling around in the playpen,” he said. “Wait until they see this video in the courtroom. It will be damaging evidence against you, counselor.”

Jennifer wanted to get up and scratch his eyes out, but his humiliating words only send a more powerful spasm through her pussy.

“Wahhhhh,” was all that would come out of her mouth.

Tom was still chuckling at the humiliated lawyer when he turned back to Suzanne.

“I have some toys for you, too, Suzi,” he said.

He took her by the hand and led her over to the side of the playpen where he had left some Barbie dolls along with coloring books and crayons.

Suddenly, Suzanne wanted to play with them more than anything.

She ran over and started combing the hair of one of the Barbies.

Tom settled in to watch TV and let the girls play.

After about an hour passed, Jennifer felt something else in her pussy.

She had to pee. Badly.

She wouldn’t give him the satisfaction of peeing in the diaper. She could hold it.

But as time passed, the urge got stronger and stronger.

Finally, she looked up at Tom.

She would plead with him to let her at least use the bathroom.

But as she opened her mouth to speak, all that game out was “Gaga, goba.”

Tom laughed.

The further humiliation gave her pussy another spasm.

And that loosed her bladder.

Before she could stop it, she was filling the diaper with pee.

“Wah,” she said, then suddenly felt something else.

This humiliation made her cum.

“Weeeeeeee,” she said in shock and rolled on the floor, her big boobs flopping around.

Tom stated laughing, knowing exactly what had happened.

Suzanne looked up from her coloring book curiously.

“It looks like baby Jenni had an accident,” Tom said.

His humiliating words sent her into another orgasm.

She was still rolling on the floor when Tom said: “Suzi would you like to change your sister’s diaper?”

“Oh, goodie,” Suzanne said, hurrying over.

Tom lifted her out of the playpen and set her down in the center of the floor.

Jennifer lay on her back with her pussy twitching.

Tom left and returned with another diaper, some wet wipes and some baby powder.

He slid a rubber sheet under Jennifer’s bottom.

“Okay, Suzi, you can take her diaper off now,” Tom said.

Suzanne pulled the rubber pants down, then carefully took off the diaper making sure not to touch the wet parts. Tom held up a plastic bag and she deposited the diaper in it.

Then he handed Suzanne a wet wipe.

She used it to gently scrub her sister’s crotch, lingering around her pussy.

Jennifer shuttered with another orgasm.

Then came the baby powder. Suzanne sprinkled it on her sister’s privates, then smoothed it around with her fingers.

Jennifer came again.

“All nice and fresh,” Tom said, handing Suzanne a new diaper.

Suzanne pinned it on and pulled the rubber pants up over it.

When the diaper was in place, Tom slid down his pants and dropped to his knees so his cock was in front of Jennifer’s face.

“I have a new bottle for you,” he said. “Suck it.”

Jennifer wanted to resist this sick bastard, but she could not. She took his prick in her mouth and started sucking on it like the bottle.

Her pussy was on fire again. She was cuming almost constantly.

Tom looked over at Suzanne.

“You may play with your little pussy through your cute little panties,” he said.

Suzanne’s gloved hand immediately went to her clit and started rubbing. Somehow it felt better through the little-girl panties.

Tom threw his head back in delight.

“Ah, that’s a good baby,” he said. “Drink that bottle.”

Jennifer was sucking hard now, desperate to get her drink.

Tom rocked his hips back and forth, savoring the pleasure.

Suzanne’s hand was a blur.

She was an erotic sight with the party dress pulled up to her waist and her legs spread wide.

Finally, Tom could hold off no longer.

He stiffened and exploded into Jennifer’s mouth.

Jennifer eagerly slurped up every drop.

Seeing him cum, set Suzanne off as well.

“Yeeeeeee,” she screamed as an orgasm wracked her body.

Tom finally had to push Jennifer’s head away to get away from her eager sucking.

“That’s enough, Baby Jenni,” he said.

Tom picked Jennifer up and held her on his lap facing the camera.

“How do you like being a baby, Jenni,” he asked.

Jennifer tried to spit out a nasty retort, but “doode gaba” was all that came out.

Tom laughed.

“Oh, I forgot,” Tom chuckled. “Jennifer you may not speak normally. Answer the question.”

“I hated it,” she said immediately. “It was so humiliating.”

“It looked to me like you liked it,” Tom said. “How many times did you cum?”

Jennifer hesitated.

“Answer honestly,” Tom proded.

Jennifer hung her head in shame.

“Six, seven, eight...oh I lost count,” she said quietly.

Tom laughed again.

“You are a sexy little baby,” he said. “But that’s enough of this game for now. You may return to your normal self now. You and Suzanne go upstairs and take a nap. You need to get rested up. There is someone I want you to meet later.”