Boundaries for Mia Ch. 01
bytwistedjoe37©

"Long before we met, we had the same dreams. We compared notes, we found strange affinities."
-Vladimir Nabokov, 'Lolita

** For Mia **

Mia stepped into the baggage claim of the San Francisco International Airport, and scanned the crowd for her daddy, hoping he would recognize her.

"Mia?" She heard from behind her. She turned to see her father, for the first time in almost eight years.

"Hi, Daddy," she said, her voice catching. Her father's eyes were wet immediately. He stepped in and embraced her, and she pressed her face into his broad chest, glad he was tall enough to still make her feel like a little girl. She didn't want to cry in front of all the people here, but the tears came anyway.

"I thought I'd never see you again." Her daddy said.

Mia's daddy -- his name was Matt -- held his little girl at arms length and looked her up and down. The last he'd seen her she was a colt limbed ten year old, but she'd certainly grown up in the last eight years. She didn't look much like him as her mother's Asian genes appeared to trump his Caucasian variety, but she was a tall, athletic girl with golden skin and striking brown eyes. She had a tight, firm midsection, and shapely breasts that Matt tried not to notice. She was stunningly beautiful, which he'd always know she would be.

"I'm so sorry," she said, her English accent contrasting with his American one.

"Shhh... it's not your fault. I'm so glad I was wrong. You've grown up into a beautiful woman."

All Mia could do was smile through her tears. Even her teeth were perfect.

**

Mia's daddy drove her towards his house from the airport. They had to pass right through the heart of San Francisco to get there. She thought the narrow, colorful buildings were nice to look at, and she wanted to explore the city more in the future; but not now. Now she wanted nothing more than for her father to take her home so she could take a shower and he could tuck her into bed like he'd done when she was little.

"Do you... we... live far from here?"

"Less than an hour, angel. I live up in Marin County, it's just over the Golden Gate."

"We're going to drive over the Golden Gate Bridge?"

Matt smiled at her. "Yes. It should be nice today, too. Don't get used to this sunny weather, though. It's usually foggy here in the city."

"Like London..." Mia said, sounding a little disappointed. "I was afraid you wouldn't recognize me in the airport."

Her daddy laughed. "You thought I'd confuse you with all the other eighteen year old, half-Asian, British girls on the flight?"

"Daddy..." Mia knew her heritage was exotic, but it wasn't like she walked around thinking about how much she'd stand out in a crowd.

"You're my little girl. I've missed you so much I could have found you with the lights out. I still can't believe you're here next to me."

"I know. I can't believe it either."

Mia had last seen her father in a hotel in London, on one of his visits. That was before her mother had met Stanley, before he'd taken them away. Away from London, away from friends, away from anywhere her daddy could find her.

"What are you thinking about, angel?"

"Oh... nothing. I just missed you all these years. It's nice to be with you again."

Matt reached over and squeezed her thigh. The contact only lasted a second, but it sent an electric jolt through her leg that seemed to wind up living in her tummy. More disturbingly, it then seemed to drain out between her legs, soaking her.

"Jesus Mia, get a hold of yourself." She thought. She had been afraid she'd feel something like this around her daddy... but she thought it would take a little more than just his grip on her leg for half a second.

"You okay?"

"Yes. I've just been traveling a long time."

"Just a little longer now."

"Okay, Daddy."

**

Mia let the hot water run over her body and hair. She was tired from a full twenty four hours of travel, but she'd gotten a little sleep on the plane, and as the heat and steam soaked the tension out of her muscles, she began to feel more human.

She turned the water off after it had given her skin a nice pink color, but before it made her fingers all wrinkly. She opened the frosted glass door a crack, and only then did she realize that there were no towels.

Bloody hell.

"Daddy?"

Mia waited. The bathroom was nice enough, but her step-dad was very weathy, and she'd gotten used to luxury. Still, this was hardly uncomfortable. The shower had two heads and the floor was done in stone tiles.

"DADDY?"

In a few moments she heard a tap at the door.

"Mia? Are you alright?"

"There's no towels!"

"Shit! I'm sorry, baby. I'll get you one, just a sec."

Mia stood there in the shower, her skin still steaming, but cooling rapidly.

The bathroom door opened, and her daddy stuck his arm through, a beige towel in his hand.

"Don't be mental, daddy. I'm soaked." Mia hid behind the glass door. She knew her father would be able to see her color and shape, but not much in the way of detail.

Matt came in the room, trying to play it cool, but his eyes were wide being this close to his naked daughter.

On a whim, when Matt was about four feet from the shower, Mia slid the door open and reached for the towel. Her daddy stopped cold, and seemed to forget how to move as she patted herself dry.

"Thanks, daddy."

"I'll, um... put some towels in here."

Matt's eyes roamed over her body. She could feel his eyes on her firm, round breasts, and then her flat tummy and finally on her bare pussy, which she always kept shaved. He was really taking all of her in. Devouring her.

"My face is up here, Daddy."

Matt started. "Sorry."

"It's okay. I don't see what the big deal is, you've given me a shower before."

"Yeah, when you were eight."

"That was only ten years ago. It's the same body, isn't it?"

"I wouldn't say so, no."

Mia smiled, and he smiled back. She knew what she was doing was really slutty, but she couldn't help it. She was Matt's love child, when it came down to it, and had been conceived when he was a nineteen year old world traveler. Her mother was a French national of Chinese descent, and had gone to Hong Kong to see where her family was from. Matt had gone there just to see it. They were only together a couple of nights, but long enough to make her.

The end result of that was that her American father was a man she had spent a good bit of time dreaming about as a little girl, but not a lot of time actually seeing. He came to visit about once a year, first in Paris but then in London, always spoiling her with gifts and attention. Afterwards, he'd always return to that distant paradise of California, while she was left behind with her mother. She'd always fantasized that some day he'd take her away on the airplane with him.

And now here he was, just as helpless in front of her as most of the boys she'd known. She usually loved the power she had over men, but here it annoyed her for some reason. It wasn't that she wanted her daddy to be able to resist her... she wasn't sure what it was. He was a handsome man well over six feet tall, with a firm, muscular build and an athletic grace to his movements that made him seem younger than he was. He certainly wasn't bothering her because she didn't find him attractive. In fact, she found him very attractive.

"I don't mind you seeing me naked, daddy."

"Oh. Well... good. I mean... I'm glad you're comfortable."

"Can you get me another towel? I need one for my hair."

**

Mia's daddy fed her a meal he'd made himself. It wasn't bad, but Mia was a very good cook and she informed Matt over dinner that she would be taking over kitchen duties while she was living with him. He made some noise about doing his share of the cooking, but Mia wouldn't have any of that. She would cook, she would clean, he would take care of her. That was the only deal she was going to consider.

After dinner though, the exhaustion of the day hit her. She chatted with her daddy for a about a half hour, then told him she would need to go to bed.

**

She didn't really have anything good for bed clothes, so she settled on a clean tee shirt and a fresh pair of black knickers. "Panties," she remembered they were called here. It was a silly word to her ears, like something a baby would say. She slid herself into the cool linen sheets and waited. Her daddy had said he was going to tuck her in, and she was surprised at how much she had wanted this.

Matt came in and sat on the edge of her bed. She scooted closer and laid her head on his thigh. He stroked her hair just like he used to on his visits.

His fingers kept brushing the back of her neck as he massaged her scalp. Her neck was very sensitive, and she could feel the heat growing between her thighs. Her mind was so warped.

"That feels really good, daddy."

"I'm glad, Mia. Tomorrow we'll take you to the outlets, and you can set this room up however you'd like, pick out some clothes... that sort of thing. I want you to be just as comfortable here as you were at home."

"Don't say it like that. I am home. And things at my other home weren't so great."

"Well, you know what I mean. I want you to be happy here."

"I already am."

They sat quietly for a while before Mia finally asked, "Daddy, will you cuddle me in bed for a little while?"

Matt's fingers froze in her hair for a moment before finally continuing their massage.

"That's probably not a good idea, baby girl. Tonight you should get your rest, I wouldn't want to interfere."

"I thought it might help me sleep."

"I bet you're out as soon as your eyes close."

"Maybe some other time?"

"Maybe."

Matt knelt by the side of her bed and moved to kiss her on the cheek. Mia turned into it, and they kissed on the lips. It was just a father / daughter kiss, but afterward, Mia licked her lips, and savored the taste of him.

**

Mia lay in the dark, her hands running over her body, beneath her shirt. She didn't know whether to chastise herself for her behavior or to stroke her pussy to a mind blowing orgasm. She'd never had so much time with her daddy as she was going to have these next few months, not even close. As a little girl she'd dream of her daddy coming to rescue her from her mother and all her boyfriends, but as she'd gotten older and started growing into a sexual young woman, the fantasies had gotten mixed up. Now, at eighteen, she couldn't separate how much she longed for a deeper relationship with her father from her sexual desires. She wanted his hugs and cuddles and fatherly love... but at the same time she wanted to feel his tongue on her pussy. She wanted him to think of nothing but her.

With that thought, she decided to go the route of self pleasure. Her fingers slipped into her 'panties' and plunged into the soaked folds of her pussy. She fucked her fingers in and out of herself, wishing she could get them deeper. She missed her girlfriend, Chloe, back in London. Chloe's fingers and mouth could always make her feel so much better. Her own fingers just didn't take the ache away as well.

"Daddy... daddy..." she whispered into the darkness, just like she had so many times before. In a few minutes, her fingers began to dance wildly over her clit, and she humped her hips into her palm as she came, biting her own lip as if she could pull her father's kiss into her mouth.

Mia was asleep before the afterglow of her orgasm had time to fade.

**

The next day was a blur of activity. Mia's daddy took her shopping, just like he said he would, for everything from clothes to furniture. It was a full day, broken only by a quick lunch at a chain restaurant that Mia didn't care for too much. She was at a loss for why America had its famous obesity problem, when the food was so awful. Maybe they were going for quantity over quality.

At least her daddy wasn't one of the obese ones. He was barely twenty years older than she was, and he'd kept himself very fit over the years. She could feel the hard muscle of his back and chest when she hugged him. It made her delirious.

**

"We should probably go out for dinner, angel. I don't have a lot of food here and I'm too wiped out to go shopping for it tonight."

"I'm too tired for that, daddy." Mia already had her head in the refrigerator. She came out with two beers, and brought one to Matt while keeping the other for herself. "To us." She offered. Matt raised his bottle and they both drank deeply.

"Honestly, Mia, I don't know what you're going to find in there to cook."

"An omelette."

"Breakfast for dinner, hmm?"

"Daddy... in France omelettes aren't just for breakfast. They're just a light meal. You'll see. Well, maybe. I'm not sure if I can get the pan hot enough to make a real French omelette. "

"They'll burn if it's all that hot."

Mia walked away shaking her head. How did he live?

**

"That... was amazing, Mia. I've never had one like that."

"That's nothing, daddy. I'm going to make you such delicious foods. You have to promise not to get fat, though."

Matt laughed. She loved his smile.

"Daddy... there are a couple more things I need."

"What? What could we possibly have forgotten?"

"You bought me so many nice outfits, but I don't have the right underwear for some of them."

"Oh."

"Will you take me tomorrow? I would go myself, but I don't know the way."

"Um... sure. There's a Victoria's Secret nearby. Would that work?"

"That would be lovely. Thanks, daddy."

**

Matt knocked on her bedroom door.

"Come in." She said without thinking. He opened the door and stopped hard. Mia was standing in front of the new full length mirror he'd gotten her, and was brushing her long black hair, dressed in only a pair of black knickers. "Well come in, I told you I don't mind you seeing me. I was wearing less last time."

Matt came in and sat on the bed. He was drinking her in with his eyes again. She was soaked instantly at the desire written on his face, but it still annoyed her for some reason that he was so struck dumb by her.

Mia turned to face him. He opened his mouth but didn't speak.

"Aren't I pretty, daddy? Pretty enough I mean."

"You're perfect."

"You're just being sweet."

"No... you're really perfect. I've never seen a more beautiful girl. It makes me proud."

Mia smiled at his sincerity, the annoyance pushed away by the love in his voice.

Mia walked to him and pushed him back on the bed, and straddled his lap.

"Mia, what are you --"

"What?"

"Well..."

"Oh hush, daddy. Who's watching? You know I'm you're little girl, and I know you're my daddy."

"That's kind of my point."

"Oh... fine."

Mia moved off of her daddy's pajama covered legs -- pretending not to notice the rock hard cock tenting them out -- and lay next to him, cuddling her head up to his chest.

"Is this better?"

"Yeah, I'm more comfortable like this."

"Okay."

It was pretty comfortable. Mia lay still, enjoying the feeling of her father breathing under her like he was.

"Daddy... did you really think I was dead, all those years?"

"Most of me did, angel. A part of me always held out hope, but when you and your mom just disappeared like you did, I had to wonder why. All of the sudden you never called, your mom stopped cashing the checks I sent her, the mail and packages I sent just got returned... I went to London looking for you, you know. I talked to the police, I went to all the hospitals..."

Matt stayed quiet for a long time.

"Daddy?"

"I'm sorry, baby girl. That was just... a really fucked up time. I thought I'd lost you."

"I'm so sorry, daddy. I'm so, so sorry. It was my fault."

Matt's eyes were distant and his jaw was clenched. Mia began to place small kisses on his face, and he relaxed a little.

"It was that bastard your mom hooked up with. Stanley."

"He is a bastard. A bastard with a lot of money, and control issues. He hid us. He tried so hard to make it so I could never contact you. It worked until he sent me to school. As soon as I had the Internet, I started trying to find you. I missed you so much."

Matt seized hold of his daughter, crushing her into him. Holding her tight, feeling the reality of her. He inhaled her vanilla scent, and kissed her hair over and over again. He had his little girl again, and he knew she would always be his little girl, even though she'd grown up in the years they'd been apart.

Mia clutched him tight as well, but soon Matt felt his daughter relax, and within a few minutes she was breathing easily and steadily, asleep on his chest.

When he was sure that she was out, Matt let his eyes wander over his nearly naked baby girl. She was so perfect, and her body felt so nice against his. So warm and firm, and yet so soft in all the right places. His erection simply refused to go down and he resisted the urge to put his hand on it.

Mia was his daughter, and more than anything he wanted to be a good father to her, but ever since he'd picked her up he kept picturing her in his mind. Her obvious sensuality and exhibitionism wasn't helping matters either.

He had a sudden vision of just rolling her onto her back, pushing her panties aside, and sliding his rock hard cock into her teenaged pussy. He could practically feel her it was such a clear image. He could almost hear her gasp as he filled her body. He could almost hear her sexy little accent as she begged him to fuck her.

Matt willed the image away. He'd missed the last eight years of her life, but he could still be a good daddy for her now. He made himself lay still. His cock, however, continued to twitch and jerk against his belly.

He fell asleep like that, holding his nearly naked daughter close to him.

**

"What do you think of this one, daddy?" Mia held up a black lace bra.

"I... um... it's very nice."

"Would you like me to try it on for you?"

"Ameila!"

"Sorry, sorry..."

"Be good."

"Oh, I will be, daddy. I'll be a good girl for you, just wait and see."

Matt turned and pretended to be very interested in some perfume on a rack. Mia grinned as his cheeks turned scarlet. She counted up what she'd found so far. Five bras, and ten set of knick -- panties -- that matched them. She'd found a garter belt and stockings that she fancied as well, and had been curious what her daddy would say about those. Apparently, he didn't intend to say anything.

Mia's daddy eventually got too uncomfortable in the Victoria's Secret and gave Mia his credit card and asked her to meet him at the coffee shop a little bit father down the shopping center.

The sales girl at the counter was a slender blonde, a couple of years older than Mia. Like the rest of the sales staff, she was dressed all in black.

"Your boyfriend looked really uncomfortable." She said.

"Oh, he's not. He's my dad." Mia was so turned on by the sales girl's mistake that she blushed. She really needed to see a psychiatrist. She was so terrible.

"Oh, you're English."

"Yeah, I guess I am."

"Are you in town for long?"

"Yeah, I moved in with my dad. I'll be here a while. I might go to school here but I'm not sure."

"Oh you'll love it! I've lived here since I was fifteen, and it's great. There's a ton of stuff to do and the guys are really nice."

"Daddy says he's going to show me around but..."

"Oh no. You need a real guide. Maybe you could come out with me and my friends sometime if you want."

"Really? That would be lovely."

"I'm Sadie. What's your name?"

"Mia. It's nice to meet you, Sadie."

The girls exchanged phone numbers -- Mia giving her the number for the new phone her daddy had bought her yesterday. She was excited to have a friend in California so quickly. Sadie told her she'd call her Friday and that she and some friends were headed into San Francisco. 



Boundaries for Mia Ch. 01
bytwistedjoe37©

Matt seemed skeptical when Mia came skipping into the coffee shop and told him about Sadie. Still, he didn't argue the point. Mia was glad. After years of Stanley's iron rule the last thing she wanted was another father figure controlling her life.

**

Mia went to a little town seaside town called Tiburon for her first night out with Sadie and her friends. It was wonderful, being with people her own age. Well, most of them were actually a few years older. Sadie was twenty one, and the youngest of the group other than Mia herself.

Mia was dismayed when she wasn't allowed into the first bar they went to.

"Why?" She asked, taking her ID back from the bouncer.

"Because you're eighteen, that's why. Are you trying to get us shut down?"

"You actually follow that rubbish?" This question sent Sadie and her friends into peals of laughter. Mia didn't think it was funny. She'd gone to her first pub at thirteen, her first club a year later. That was a little young, but no one had thrown her out or denied her an innocent little beer. At eighteen, she could buy whatever liquor she wanted in London, at any store or club in the city. Being barred from a place because of her age made her furious. She was an adult wasn't she? Why couldn't they treat her like one?

"Come on," Sadie said, "I know a better place anyway."

Apparently one of the guys in the group -- Tom -- had an uncle who was the manager of a local seafood restaurant / bar. It was a fun place that catered to a very upscale crowd. There was actually a dock for yachts at the rear. The food was delicious, and tasted like it had been pulled from the bay an hour before. Mia's age wasn't a problem for this bar, as long as she didn't go ask for drinks directly. Tom or the other boy, Chase, bought her whatever she wanted.

Mia was in for her next surprise though when the bar closed at 2am.

"Already? Do the bartenders have a bedtime or something?"

Sadie laughed again. "No, crazy. It's the law."

"There's a law against having a good time here?" Mia was a little drunk already, but not as much as the boys and she was really just getting warmed up.

"Let's go back to Chase's place." Sadie suggested. Mia was a little worried about what her daddy would think, but she really wasn't ready to go home yet.

"Okay." She said.

The rest of the night was kind of a blur. Chase's apartment was a bachelor pad, pure and simple. Mia later learned that his parents paid for the whole thing, which didn't help her thinking of him as anything other than a boy. He wanted her, he made that clear, just like Tom wanted Sadie. Mia though... Mia wanted a man, not a boy. Someone like her daddy, maybe, though there was no one like that at the party. A few other people came and went, and the drinks flowed and the music played. All the male types who came in were boys though, all of them boys.

Sadie came and straddled her lap. "I've never had an English friend before."

Mia set her drink down and slid her hand over Sadie's back. The boys there may not have been much... but Sadie was very attractive.

"You're really hot." Sadie said, her words slurring together badly.

"Thanks."

With that, Sadie leaned down and kissed her deeply. Mia kissed right back without a second thought. She loved the taste of drunken girl.

The two girls made out for some minutes, writhing together on the small couch, their tongues exploring each other's mouths. The boys were in stunned silence the whole time. Afterwards, Sadie staggered away, and the three or four boys assembled put away their camera phones. Mia didn't really care about the video that was sure to hit the Internet, as it would mostly show the back of Sadie's head and she didn't know anyone here anyway. Honestly, she didn't know why boys felt compelled to do that. It used to be girls liked to make out with each other at parties, but once they realized that their little games would end up on YouTube the next morning, the shows got a lot less frequent. At least while the boys were around.

Their loss.

The party wound down around four. Chase went to his room alone, and Sadie came to say goodnight while Mia was making her bed on the pull out couch.

"Do you have everything you need out here?" Sadie asked.

"Not quite."

"What do you need?"

"I need you to make me cum, silly."

Mia looked over her shoulder and watched Sadie turn eight shades of scarlet, one right after the other.

"Oh, ah... I'm not really... not really a lesbian..."

"Neither am I."

"But, I mean.... I don't really... I mean, I was going to... with Tom."

Mia crossed over to her new friend and kissed her gently on the mouth to shut her up. Then she got in very close and whispered to her. "If you go in there, Tom will be with you for five seconds before he shoots his stuff into his rubber and goes to sleep. Stay out here with me... and I will do things to you that you won't believe."

Mia kissed Sadie again, with a little tongue this time, and then went back to making the bed. Sadie went into Tom's room, but Mia knew it was just to make an excuse. She'd never met a woman she couldn't seduce, not even the straight ones. Girls of Sadie's type were like spaghetti. They were all straight... until they got hot and wet.

A few minutes later Mia was sliding Sadie's panties down her legs, leaving both of them naked on the pull out couch.

"God, Mia... you've got me so turned on baby..."

"Me too. You're sure you've never done this before?"

"Never."

"So... you've never licked a pussy then?"

"No... but I will. I want to make you cum."

"There's kind of an art to it sweetie. It's not the same as just having it done to you, and all the boys here probably do it wrong anyway. Here, let me show you."

Mia kissed her way down Sadie's inner thigh, which made her giggle. Mia nipped her playfully, and then lay down with her mouth aimed at Sadie's neatly trimmed mound.

"Are you ready?" Mia asked her friend. Sadie nodded, biting her lower lip.

Mia placed kisses around her friend's vaginal lips. Soft, lingering kisses that she knew would leave her wanting more. Sadie made a whimpering noise in response. Then Mia started working her way to the inner lips, kissing and stroking with her fingers.

When she finally sealed her lips over Sadie's clit, all her new friend could do was throw her head back and moan. Mia smiled to herself, and then began a rhythm of sucking Sadie's clit, and then running her tongue up the bottom side. Sadie gasped and groaned, and Mia hoped she was paying very close attention. She was good at eating pussy. The girls she knew back home had given her a lot of practice. Some had even managed to give her some lessons.

Mia pushed her finger into Sadie's opening, and curled it towards herself as she pushed it in and out. Sadie was incredibly wet, and Mia took that as a cue to speed up a little. Not too fast... she gauged it on the girl's breathing.

"Oh god.... Oh god.... Oh Mia.... Holy.... I'm going to cum! I'm cummming!!!"

Mia licked and sucked just like she had been, holding onto Sadie's hips with her free hand so she wouldn't buck them away from what Mia was doing. Mia savored every gasp and moan Sadie filled the room with, and loved the taste of her nectar as she came all over her tongue. Mia loved women. Most nights, she preferred them to men.

Still... when Sadie had recovered, and began kissing her way down her body, a part of Mia wished it was her daddy. She knew it was wicked, but she couldn't help herself. She wanted her father to make love to her. To worship her body the way she had always worshipped him. She wanted to be everything to him. Daughter, lover... everything.

"That was so good, Mia."

"I liked it too, baby you tasted so good."

"I'm going to lick you just like you did me."

"Oh yeah, just like I did you. That's exactly what I want, Sadie." Mia said, wrapping her left heel around Sadie's pretty blond head.

That's exactly what I want, daddy.

Sadie's tongue on her clit brought her back to the moment. Mia didn't know exactly what her Daddy's tongue would feel like on her pussy, but she knew it wouldn't feel like a girl's.

And right now, this girl felt really good.

"That's it, baby... oooohhhh yeah... please don't stop Sadie... so.... fucking... good...mmmm....-- ah! -- Sadie! Sadie your tongue feels so...please...please..."

Mia added both her hands to her heel, pushing her girlfriend's face into her pussy. Sadie sucked and licked her clit just like Mia had done for her.

"Oh God! Sadie! Sadie I'm cummmming!"

**

Matt opened his front door, surprised.

"Well hi, Jenna."

"Hi yourself. Busy?"

"Ah... no, I guess not. Oh, come in! Damn it, I'm sorry, I just really wasn't expecting to see you today. I have to reboot my brain. You look great. Come in, really."

Jenna smiled and walked into the living room, looking around. She did look great, as usual. Jenna was an attractive, thirty four year old brunette with the body of girl ten years younger, and bee stung lips that always seemed to be smiling at some secret. Matt supposed she had plenty of secrets to smile about. More than a few of his, that was for sure.

"Wow, your place looks wonderful. Mia's work?"

"Yeah, she cleans, she cooks... she'd be the best housewife ever."

Jenna smiled at him over her shoulder. "Uh-huh."

"Oh come on, you just got here don't start with the psychologist routine."

"Sorry, I just got off work, I guess I'm still in the zone. I hope you're not making her do all this by herself."

"I can't help it, she literally gives me no choice. I made my own bed the other day and she tore it apart, changed the sheets and redid the whole thing. Then she came down and gave me the silent treatment all breakfast."

"She's really got her daddy wrapped around her finger, doesn't she?"

"Well she's the one doing the cooking and cleaning, maybe I'm the one who's got her wrapped."

Jenna came over and laid her hand on Matt's face. "Awww. You really are an idiot, aren't you? That's okay, you're a good daddy."

"Whatever. Drink?"

"I'll take some wine if you have it. Where's Mia? It's great to see you but I really wanted to meet her."

"She's gone. Again. Probably won't be back till dawn."

"Hmm."

Matt poured his psychologist friend and himself each a glass of Riesling, cut up an apple and some cheese, and brought it out to the living room, and joined her near where she'd sat on the couch.

"I take it Mia is gone a lot?"

"Well, she's eighteen. She met a girl named Sadie, and they go out. She's usually not home till late or until the next morning."

"What do you think about that?"

Matt sighed.

"Come on, tell me."

"Jenna... you're off work. You don't need to do my personal therapy on your free time."

"I could bill you if it makes you feel better."

"I don't like it, okay? But what am I going to do? She's an adult."

"She's still your daughter though. She's still under your roof."

"Still."

"No, fuck that, she's still your daughter. Give her some ground rules, don't be a wimp."

"Is that what I'm being?"

Jenna shrugged and sipped her wine. "Speaking of which, we miss you down at the box." Jenna was referring to the Crossfit gym she and Matt both attended - the reason he was as fit as he was and she still looked like a college cheerleader. It was where they'd met a couple of years prior.

"Yeah, I've been a little distracted since Mia came back."

"I thought she was gone all the time."

"Yeah."

Jenna reached over and squeezed Matt's knee. "She's really upsetting you, isn't she?"

"I wish she'd spend more time here. I really do, but I told you about her step dad back in London..."

"You're afraid she'll think you're trying to control her. You don't want to be like her step-dad."

"Right."

"Mark... there's a big space between being a control freak and not setting any boundaries at all. Talk to her, you really should."

"I will. I'll talk to her tonight."

"Good. Set a date to have me over for dinner soon, too. I want to meet her."

"Okay."

Matt sipped his wine and munched on an apple slice.

"Thanks, Jenna."

"I'll send you the bill."

Matt threw the rest of the apple slice at his friend, and she winked at him.

**

"Daddy, dinner's ready!" Mia called from the kitchen. Matt put down his book and came downstairs. It smelled delicious, as always. Mia really was a fantastic cook. It was like having a personal chef.

Matt sat down at the table, knowing better than to try to get his own plate by now. Mia had been in California for more than a month and the routine was well established. Matt didn't cook, he didn't clean. Mia brought him his plate. His job was to keep the yard, the garage and pay the bills. His daughter certainly loved her traditional gender roles.

Her apron was a perfect example. Though she was wearing a short dress that looked like something for the club beneath it, her apron was like something you'd see on June Cleaver. She was padding around the kitchen in bare feet, but her hair and makeup were done. She really was a fusion of a young woman ready to go out and party, and a perfect housewife. Matt wished more women knew how to balance the two. Mia seemed to revel in being truly feminine, and Matt found himself wondering if she had managed to hold onto something that most modern women had lost.

Mia brought him his dinner; a filet mignon and some sautéed asparagus spears. She removed her apron, gave him a kiss on the cheek and sat across from him.

"Cheers!" She said, and began to cut up some of her veggies.

"Thanks Mia, this looks delicious."

"You're welcome, daddy."

"Mia?"

"Yes?"

"Are you... going out tonight?"

"Yeah, it's going to be great. Sadie's picking me up at ten and we're going to a new place in San Francisco. It's supposed to be really cool and there's this famous DJ there tonight... except I can't remember his name now that I'm trying to of course."

Matt took a deep breath in. He sensed this wasn't going to be fun.

Don't be a wimp.

"Mia, I don't want you to go out tonight."

Mia stopped mid chew and looked up in surprise.

"Why not?" She said without swallowing.

"Because you go out too much. Because I want time with you, too. Because I'm your father and I miss you."

Mia smiled and washed her asparagus down with some water. "I'm sorry, daddy, I've been terrible. We'll make some time next week, okay? I promise."

"No, Mia, it's not okay. I want you to stay home tonight, and from now on, I'm going to need you to check with me before you make plans. I want you to have fun, but I think we need some time -- probably a lot of time -- to get to know each other. That's why you came here, right?"

"Well I can't just cancel."

"I need you to."

"Daddy, I can't."

"Amelia... I'm sorry but it's my house, my rules. You're not going out tonight and that's it."

Mia gave Matt a long look, but he held her gaze. He'd never gotten much experience being a dad, but he knew enough to realize that once he made a decision like this it had to be final. If he caved now it was going to be a lot harder to assert down the road.

Mia set her fork down and went upstairs. Matt sighed, and cut a slice of his filet mignon. He could have done it with his fork it was so tender. The meat melted in his mouth. God, the girl was good.

He waited for the bomb to go off.

He didn't have to wait long. Mia came stomping down the steps in just a few minutes.

"Daddy, I'm going."

"No, you're not."

Mia ignored him and started strapping on her heels.

"I called a cab. I'm going to go to Sadie's right now and we'll talk about this in the morning."

Matt got up from the table and went and stood over his daughter.

Mia finished putting on her shoe, which brought the top of her head to Matt's eye level instead of below his chin where it usually was. She looked up defiantly. Absurdly, Matt thought about how easy it would be to kiss her at this height.

"What are you going to do, march me up to my room?"

"I'm not going to physically stop you-"

"- You'd better not!"

" -- but if you leave you are going to hurt me, you are going to disappoint me, and you are going to make me very angry with you. Is that something you want to do? Is that an element you want to bring into our relationship so soon after you've arrived? I'm telling you, you can't go out. Your father is telling you no. You need to respect that."

Mia stormed back upstairs.

Matt heard his phone buzz and checked his texts. There was one from Jenna.

Jenna: How's it going?

Matt's thumbs tapped away at the screen.

Mark: I hate you.

Jenna: Yeah, but is she still there?

Mark: So far.

Jenna -- Great! Keep up the good work!

Matt sighed and put his phone down. He tried to go back to his dinner, but he was worried about what Mia would do. If she decided to be willful and left despite their argument, things were going to get a lot more complicated and a lot less pleasant around the house.

A couple of minutes later, Mia tore her door open and called downstairs. "Fine, I called Sadie and told her my DADDY was being completely mental and wouldn't let me go. I hope you're satisfied!"

She slammed her door shut.

Mark: It's working so far.

Jenna -- Don't forget phase two. -- x.

Jenna had helped Matt break down this plan for establishing boundaries into two parts. Part one was just to establish them. Part two was to make her like it. Or as Jenna had put it, to make her an "active participant" in the rules of the house.

Matt went back to his dinner. Mia was going to need a little time.

**

Mia sat on her bed and slapped her pillow in frustration. She couldn't believe her daddy was being so crazy! She had really been looking forward to going out and she was completely humiliated to have to call things off with Sadie. He might as well have sent her to her room without supper like a little girl. This was ridiculous!

Thinking of supper made her hungry, but Mia was in no way prepared to go downstairs yet. She wanted to scream, in fact.

She didn't. She sat on her bed and tapped her foot. After a few minutes of that didn't help she decided to read a bit. After a few minutes of not being able to concentrate on that, she decided to write in her journal.

The journal was blank. She'd packed it, she'd brought it from London... but she'd never gotten in the habit of writing in it. Tonight seemed like a good time to start.

"Dear Diary, my father is a lunatic. I don't know how I'm going to afford to keep him in an asylum at my age. I suppose I'll have to forgo university and work three jobs. In the mornings, I will be a waitress, and I will have to be an exotic dancer at night. Perhaps for my third job I will combine the other two and be an exotic waitress.

Mia threw her diary into the corner. Such a stupid thing to do, she didn't know why anyone kept a journal.

He'd even called her 'Amelia.' That was what he mother called her too, whenever she was in trouble. What was that, anyway?

She lay on her bed and stared at the ceiling. After a half hour or so her hand came up and wandered over her breast. She liked to touch them sometimes, just to feel it. She would run her palm over them lightly, just enough to make her nipples hard under her bra. She supposed she could take the bra off now; and the dress too, for that matter. It wasn't like she was going anywhere.

She was getting very hungry. She began the process of talking herself into thinking that going downstairs for dinner wasn't that big a deal.

Then she heard her father's steps out in the hall, and a knock at her door. She tried to summon her anger back up, but she really wasn't good at holding onto it and it was gone now. She settled for a good, solid pout. 

Boundaries for Mia Ch. 01
bytwistedjoe37©

"Come in, daddy." She said.

Matt closed the door behind him and took a seat on her bed.

"How are you doing, baby girl?"

"Fine, I guess. I'm still kind of mad though."

"I'm sorry, Mia. I just feel like we need to set some boundaries around here if we're going to have a good life together."

"I guess. I just felt like.... Kind of disrespected. You know? Like you think I really am your baby girl."

"You are."

"I know, and I love it when you call me that... but I mean I'm not REALLY a baby."

"I know you're not."

Mia's dad shifted so he was stretched out next to her, his back against the headboard. She laid her head in his lap.

"I'm sorry, daddy. I've been terrible. You really should punish me."

"I'm not going to punish you, I just want to set some boundaries."

"I feel terrible."

"You don't need to."

"Please punish me, daddy."

"Mia, stop saying that. I'm not going to punish you."

"You've never punished me. Did you know that?"

"You've always been so good."

Mia sighed in frustration and stood from the bed. Matt was surprised at how lonely he felt the second she got up.

Mia turned her back to her father and unzipped her dress, wiggling out of it and letting it slide down her body. She then picked it up and hung it. Next she unhooked her bra and put it away in her underwear drawer. Matt tried not to react. Seeing Mia topless in the house had become common as she hadn't gained any modesty over her weeks living in California, but he still found it hard to take his eyes off her when she was like this.

He felt himself start to get hard in his pants. That had been happening lately, too. When Mia took off her top, or he saw her naked as she came out of the shower, his cock would try to make a tent out of whatever he was wearing. Sometimes images of her would even come to him in the middle of the day, with much the same effect.

Mia pulled a Victoria's Secret nightshirt over her head and turned around. Her eyes were wet.

"Mia, what is it?"

"You think you're being nice? Fuck, daddy... the whole time I was growing up I would hear stories about girls who went and got in trouble, and how they'd catch hell when they went home to their father. But I didn't ever catch hell, because I didn't have a father. My father didn't care enough to come and get me, didn't care enough to come live close to me, and didn't even care enough to ever punish me. And I wasn't always good! Sometimes I was a brat on purpose, just to see what you'd do. Do you know what you did? Nothing. You'd just pretend I wasn't misbehaving. Like you didn't even care enough to notice. Do you know what that felt like?"

"I'm sorry, Mia."

"Don't be sorry! For fuck's sake!"

Mia tried to swallow her anger. She stopped yelling and paced the room instead. Matt stood and went to her, and wrapped his arms around her. He held her tight in the middle of the room, for several minutes until she calmed down.

"I'm sorry, daddy. I must seem so crazy."

"Maybe a little. I still love you though."

"Enough to punish me if I'm terrible?"

"I could spank you right now, if you'd like."

Mia laughed, but then she separated from her father and pushed him back so that he was sitting on her bed. She lay across his lap like he'd turned her over her knee.

"Go ahead, daddy," she said, "I'm waiting."

Her nightshirt had already ridden up over her panty covered ass. Despite himself, Matt ran his palm over the ultra-feminine material. He had always loved lace panties.

Mia felt her father getting hard against her tummy. Instantly, she could feel her pussy getting wet. She'd gotten better about thinking dirty thoughts about her own father as she'd lived with him, but feeling his erection was just too much for her. She found herself breathing harder.

"Daddy...." She whimpered.

Mia jumped as her father's hand found her ass in a harsh slap.

"Ow!"

Matt spanked his daughter for the second time, and a third. It was the first spanking he'd ever given to her.

"Is that what you wanted?"

Mia hesitated for a moment. She'd spent a lot of time thinking about something like this, but now that she was here it seemed like a big line to cross. She knew there would be no turning back once of the two of them stepped over it.

"Yes, daddy." Mia finally said in a soft voice. "H... Hit me again. I need it."

Her daddy spanked her again, and Mia felt her panties begin to soak through. He was actually spanking her. It didn't hurt much, but it did hurt a little and the pain on her backside was bringing out the tingling in her pussy so well.

"Yes, daddy.... Yes... teach me to be good."

Matt stopped spanking her and just ran his hand gently over the lace of her underwear.

Mia couldn't resist anymore. She brought her hand up over her father's leg, to his denim covered crotch, and rubbed his cock through his pants.

"Yes, daddy." She said again, in reaction to feeling his full size. His cock felt long and thick through his jeans. It was like he was going to split the fabric wide open, or at least burst the zipper.

Matt moved his daughter off his lap and stood.

"Mia, no. You can't... touch me like that." The words felt like they were going to choke him.

Mia stripped off her night shirt. Her father gaped at her, her dark eyes smoldering and staring up at him, her lips wet and parted.

"I haven't learned my lesson yet, daddy. I still need you to punish me."

"No... you... I... not like this."

"I'll be a good girl, daddy. I promise."

Mia dropped to her knees in front of her father, and began to remove his belt.

"No, Mia... please..."

He was begging her, but not stopping her. Mia got his jeans undone and unzipped him. Ever since she'd learned what sex was, Mia had dreamed of this. For some reason, she thought every daughter should be on her knees in front of her father's hard cock at some point in her adolescence. It just seemed a natural evolution of the relationship.

"God I'm messed up," she thought to herself, but she didn't slow what she was doing.

In one movement, Mia had her daddy's pants down around his knees. His cock -which was very thick - sprung up at her. She groaned at the sight of it, so hard... so ready for her. She licked her lips and stroked her father's hot flesh.

"You'll see, daddy. I'm going to be so good." She took his cock in her hand and licked it from the base to the tip, savoring his salty taste. She punctuated her words with more long, languid licks. "So.... Sooo... good. I'll do whatever you want."

Matt moaned long and low, as if giving in to his own damnation. At that, Mia took her father's cock into her mouth for the first time.

Matt groaned as his daughter moved her soft lips back and forth over his cock, and swirled her tongue around the head. She was incredible, looking up and smiling at him before taking him back into her mouth again. She wasn't hesitant at all. In fact, she clearly loved what she was doing. Her wet mouth was sending shockwaves of pleasure all through his body, threatening to make his knees buckle.

Mia continued sucking her daddy, sure that his cock couldn't possibly get any harder. He felt so good on her tongue... so good stretching her lips. Matt held the back of her head and made the sexiest groaning noises as he was pleasured in the mouth of his daughter.

"Daddy?"

"Mia..."

"Don't fuck my pussy. Don't punish me like that. I'll be good, daddy. I learned my lesson, I promise."

Mia fellated her daddy's cock for a minute longer, and then stood and reached for his hands. She hooked them in the sides of her panties.

"Oh no, daddy. Please don't fuck my pussy. Anything but that."

"God... Mia.... Mia..."

"Can't I suck you off, daddy? Can that be my lesson instead?"

"No, Mia... Mia, I..."

"What is it? I know you want to fuck me, daddy. I feel your hard cock... you want to put it in me, don't you? But please don't, daddy. Please don't fuck me."

Matt pulled his little girl's panties down her legs. Mia could see the pain on his face as he stripped her naked, like his hands were moving of their own volition. Her pussy was so wet the shaved lips of her mound were glistening.

Matt looked up at his daughter, and it almost broke her heart. The lust in his eyes was matched by a mixture of fear and love. The storm going on inside him must have been terrible.

"Please don't fuck me daddy..." Mia said, as she eased her daddy back down onto the bed, straddling him; her wet cunt positioned at the tip of his cock. "Please don't fuck me. I'll be so good."

Matt suddenly reached out and took his daughter by her hips, holding her up.

"That's it, daddy. Stop me from sliding you into my wet pussy. Please don't fuck me, I'll be good. Please don't fuck my wet little pussy, daddy."

Matt's grip slipped, and his cock penetrated her just an inch. She gasped as she felt him going in. This was it. She was about to fuck her own daddy. Her most forbidden fantasy was about to become her life.

"Mia... I love you."

Mia felt a lump form in her throat. She'd heard her father tell her that before, but she'd always doubted him. Now, finally, she knew he was telling her the truth. He was half way inside her, but stopping her because he didn't want to hurt her. She knew no man could have stopped what was about to happen though. Not when it had gone this far. Nothing could stop what was going to happen between them except for him to fill her with his cum.

"I love you, daddy. I love you so much."

Matt released her hips, and Mia let her weight drop. Her father's cock sank all the way into her, stretching her teenaged pussy tight around him. She took the time to feel him filling her, feeling the hair of his crotch up against the soft, smooth skin of her shaven mound.

"Oh... Oh God, Daddy... I feel you inside. All inside my pussy, daddy."

Matt took her hips in his hands and raised her up, and then lowered her again. She took the hint and began slowly fucking her own father, clutching as his cock with the muscles of her vagina, loving the feeling of him in her.

"Yes, Mia... Yes, baby girl. That feels so good."

"I've wanted this forever."

"I know. I know."

Mia picked up her pace, and her bed began to creak as their love making became more intense.

Matt sighed and moaned as the feel of his baby girl's pussy. She was so good with it, so tight and so wet. She knew just how to squeeze him as he was pulling out of her, just how to relax to let him back in. She was phenomenal.

Suddenly, Matt sat up and rolled his daughter her onto her back. Mia looked up at him and what indecision had been in his eyes before was gone, replaced by the animal look of a man who knew only to possess the woman beneath him. She brought her knees up and her daddy started fucking her hard; thrusting into her with force, her head board slamming into the wall with every push of his hips and body.

"Please, no... no, daddy! Don't fuck me hard!"

"Fuck, Mia... you... feel so... fucking... good."

"Oh yeah, daddy. Tell me how good my pussy feels."

"Just like heaven, baby girl. It's.... fuck, you feel so good."

"Please stop, daddy. Please stop fucking me."

Mia wrapped her legs around her fathers hips.

"Please don't cum in my pussy, daddy! I swear I'll be good."

A look of pure lust came over Matt's face. He put his right hand around his daughter's throat, and he pushed into her with everything he had. He pounded her tight pussy, forcing her to take his cock even deeper. Mia started to speak again, but her father closed his hand around her neck and the words couldn't come out., He moved his hand from her throat to her hair, and as he made a fist in it, Mia felt her orgasm building in her. It wasn't quick. It built to where she thought she would cum, but then it just kept building, lighting up every nerve in her body, bringing a sheen of sweat to her skin as her daddy just kept fucking his cock into her over and over again.

"OH FUCK, DADDY! DADDY!!! I'M GOING TO CUM! I'M CUMMING!!!"

"God, Mia!"

Mia screamed when she came. She shrieked so loud it echoed off the walls in a harsh ring. She raked her nails down her father's back and whipped her head back in lust. Her pussy clenched down on her daddy's cock, but it didn't even slow down his thrusts. He was still fucking her, still driving her into the mattress. He was taking her... possessing her... crushing her under his weight and his lust.

"Oh fuck, Mia! Mia!"

"Oh no, daddy! Don't cum in my pussy! Daddy, anything but that!"

"MIA... I'M GOING TO CUM!"

"Oh no! Not in my little pussy daddy, please!"

Matt drove into his daughter one last time and roared, and she felt his cock twitch and jerk inside her as he spewed heavy loads of sticky seed into her body. He was filling her. Over filling her, and all the while he was fucking her, pushing his sperm deep into her womb.

"Fuck! Mia!"

"I'm sorry, daddy," she whispered into his ear, pulling him down to her. "I'm so sorry. I'm sorry I was bad. Please don't punish me any more."

"Mia...What have I done? What have I done?"

"Shhhhhh.... Shhhhh.... It's okay, daddy. I deserved it."

"No... no..."

"Yes, daddy. I needed it... and I know that you love me now."

"I do, baby girl. I love you so much."

Matt let his full weight drop onto his daughter, and she wrapped her arms tight around him, running her fingers through the bristly hair on the back of his head. She loved his weight. She loved the feeling of his cock inside her, even still. She loved feeling his cum filling her, and knowing that his sperm would be in her tonight as she slept.

Matt stayed inside his daughter until his cock softened completely, and only then did he left himself slip out of her pussy. He rolled onto his back, and Mia immediately threw a leg and arm around him and laid her head back on his chest.

He could feel his cum leaking out of her and onto his leg.

Matt was wracked with a terrible combination of lust and regret, but Mia apparently had no such concerns. Within a few minutes he felt her legs twitch, and then her breathing get shallow and regular. She was asleep.

He looked down at his little girl, now such a beautiful young woman. Any man would have to be out of his mind to not want her. If he was going to be at all honest with himself, he'd wanted her since the moment she'd stepped off the plane.

He couldn't take her again though. That had to stop. She didn't need him as a lover, she needed him as the father he'd never really been for her. He had a responsibility, and he'd betrayed it and her both.

It wasn't just the responsibility that made it hurt. He loved her. He'd needed her in his life just as bad as she'd needed him. Now what were they going to do? The whole situation was crazy. He usually took the really crazy things in his life to Jenna. She was the professional, after all. How could he tell her about this, though? He couldn't. He'd have to figure it out on his own.

He told himself to leave her bed and go back to his own, but Mia just felt so damn good. She felt so perfect up against him, naked against his skin. He decided to lay with her just a little while longer.

The next thing he knew, it was morning.

( TO BE CONTINUED ) 