Home « Rod O'Steele's Page - Settings
Brooke, Kayla and Me
by Rod O'Steele
Copyright© 2002 by Rod O'Steele


Pages: Prev | 1 | 2 | Next

Apologies to Herzog Max, the author of "My Daughter and her Friend." His story was the inspiration for this story. I hope you enjoy my version.

Moral outrage is jealousy with a halo. -- H.G. Wells

"Dad?"

I looked up. "What sweetie?"

"I need to ask you a question."

I put my book down and patted the couch next to me. "Sure. What is it?"

Brooke flopped down on the couch next to me. I could tell from the look on her face that this was important. What I didn't know was whether it was really important or just teen important. At sixteen, there were things that were really important to Brooke. But whether or not Jason was dating Jennifer didn't really matter much to me.

I looked at her as she turned her face up to me. Because I was trying to read her, I really looked at her face. I was struck by how much she looked like her Mother at the same age. The same blue eyes set in a face of pale alabaster skin. The same dark hair framing her face. Brooke's hair was cut short and her mother had worn her hair long but otherwise she was a mirror of her mother at the same age. It made my heart ache.

It had been two years since her mother had run off. She had been taking some evening classes at the local college when she met him - Brian Stone. To this day I don't know any more about him than that. One evening I came home to a note. Her closets were empty and she was gone. It took six months and a private detective to find an address to serve the divorce papers. She never answered.

Looking at Brooke I felt the pain again. I had never fallen out of love with her mother. For a moment I imagined that Brooke was she: the same eyes, the same lips, and the same hair. I imagined myself leaning forward and kissing those lips that I missed so much.

"Dad. I need to ask you something serious." Her words snapped me back to reality. I nodded. "Well, Kayla and me did something." She started to worry the hem of robe with her fingers.

"Okay. What did you do?"

She wrestled with whatever it was, almost speaking and then stopping. Finally, looking almost panic stricken she blurted out. "I think I'm a lesbian.

I was stunned. She had always been like other girls. She had crushes on the same boy singers like the other girls. She had a poster in her room of Leonardo DiCaprio that she was now dismissing as 'childish.' She had crushes on several boys that I knew about. It couldn't be.

I try to be as liberal as the next guy. I mean, I have friends, well, acquaintances who are gay. It's never bothered me. But I didn't want my daughter to be like that. I wanted her to be normal. You know what I mean.

"Why do you think you are a lesbian?"

"You're not mad are you?" she asked, her voice quavering.

"What? No, of course not. I'm just surprised. I mean, you've had crushes on boys."

"Yeah I know. God, I still think Brandon in my algebra class is an absolute hunk. But..."

"Why then?"

She worried her hem some more and with her eyes downcast answered. "Well, like I said. Me and Kayla did something."

"Yes?"

Haltingly she started talking, "Well, neither of us has had a real boyfriend. So we haven't ever done stuff. Kayla and me were talking about stuff we might do with a boy. You know stuff." I nodded again. "Well, we didn't really know how to. So Kayla said maybe we should practice with each other. I said okay. So Kayla and me kissed some. She pretended to be a boy. It was strange to be kissing her at first. But pretty soon I kind of forgot she was a girl. Then she Frenched me. That was okay too. But then she put her hand on me..." Brooke halted. I kept my face impassive as I nodded for her to continue. "I didn't stop her and pretty soon she was feeling me and it felt real good. I started to get all tingly. That's when her mom knocked on the door. God, I was so embarrassed. But her mom didn't seem to notice anything."

"That's it?" I asked.

"That's it? Dad. I liked it. I must be queer," she said plaintively.

I laughed. "Sweetie, sweetie, sweetie. You are just normal that's all. Most teens do some experimenting like that."

"Did you ever kiss a boy?"

"Well, no..."

"Dad. You are blushing. You are. Did you kiss a boy?"

"No. I was thinking of something else." I said.

"What? Dad! I told you. Please. I've got to know that I'm not queer."

Marvelous, I thought. Here's the pan. There's the fire. Where do I want to be? "Yes I did some experimenting when I was your age. But boys are different. We didn't care as much about how to kiss."

"What did you do?"

"We used to do a circle jerk."

"A what?"

"A circle jerk." Brooke looked confused. "We'd all sit in a circle and take out our penises. Then you would use your right hand to jerk the guy next to you. We'd try to see who could make the other guy go off first."

Brooke's eyes got wide as I explained. Then she started to giggle. She put her hand over her mouth and her giggles got louder. Soon she was in paroxysms of laughter. She laughed so hard she fell off the couch and rolled on the floor. I, of course, had to sit in embarrassed silence watching her peals of laughter at my expense. Finally she slowed down and sat on the floor looking up at me. Stifling giggles she asked, "Did you really do that?"

"Yes. We really did. Now, if you can quit laughing at your poor old man can we continue with your question?"

"Sorry Dad. But God. That is just so dorky. A bunch of guys sitting in a circle jerking each other off."

Maintaining my composure with some difficulty I went on. "I only told you that so you would see that it is normal to experiment. That's all. If you like boys you aren't a lesbian."

Brooke nodded her head. "Thanks Dad. I was just feeling like totally confused."

"One more thing. Do we need to talk about prophylactics?"

"God," she said rolling her eyes as only a teenager can do. "Like do you think I don't know anything? We learned all about that in Sex-ed. I totally know about that."

'Totally, ' I said to myself. She totally knows everything. "Good. I'd rather have you ask me to buy them for you than wind up dead." Again the eye roll. "Brooke. I am totally serious about that."

"I know. I'm not going to do anything like that Dad. Really."

"But you do like boys? So maybe they'll want to do something like that." I asked.

"Yeah. But they are too stupid. I mean, some guys can't even look at your face when they talk to you. They are just like all into sex. Okay, like sometimes I think about what it would be like. But I don't love any guys right now. I want my first time to be with somebody I trust."

Whew. I was feeling a lot better. I hoped she was as well. "Are you feeling better?" I asked.

"Yeah. Thanks." She jumped up from the floor and jumped into my lap. She kissed my cheek and bounced off my lap. "Dad. Thank you for not getting all, you know, like a Dad about this. I was scared you would get weird or something."

"Yeah. I'll try not to get weird like a dad. Brooke, you can always talk to me about anything. Always. Okay?"

"Yeah. I know." She looked thoughtful for a moment and then like the sun coming from behind a cloud her face lit up. "I'm glad I'm not a lezzy. I'm going to take my shower." She headed for the hallway saying, "Night, Dad," over her shoulder.

"Night, sweetie." I tried to return to my book. The words on the page just didn't register in my mind. I thought about Brooke and Kayla kissing. Kayla touching Brooke. Kayla was quite a hottie, long brunette hair, a very pretty face, and a slim elegant body that I had admired in a bikini one day. 'Quit it!' My mind screamed, 'You pervert. Quit thinking about girls your daughter's age.' But the images were still there. I went to the den and poured myself a generous snifter of cognac. I turned on Sports Center and downed the cognac. At least sports could keep me occupied. An hour later I trundled off to bed, the cognac bottle significantly lighter.

A month had gone by and Brooke appeared to be her usual self. She still went over to Kayla's and Kayla came over to our house. The first time Kayla appeared it was difficult not to undress her with my eyes. The images returned in glorious Panascope vision as she walked down the hall to Brooke's room. My eyes were glued to her little butt snuggled into her tight jeans. I admit to sneaking by Brooke's room several times and listening for any unusual sounds. I poked my head in the door once and they were sitting on the floor looking at some fashion magazines. Maybe the experimenting had stopped. I quit worrying.

That night at dinner Brooke had been playing with her food, hardly eating. "Dad?"

"Yes?"

"I need to talk."

My mind immediately went into overdrive. The last conversation which started like this was a doozy. "What is it sweetie?"

"You need you to promise not to get mad." She said looking at me intently.

"I promise."

"Also, you have to promise not to ever tell anyone what we talk about." I nodded. "Dad, I'm real serious."

"Brooke. I have always held your confidences. I'm not going to start betraying them now. Now what is so serious?"

"Well, remember about me and Kayla?" she started.

"Yes."

"We did other things," she said very quietly looking down at her plate.

"Brooke." She looked up at me. "You want to know something? If you are ashamed of what you are doing you shouldn't be doing it."

"I'm not ashamed." she answered me directly.

"Then just ask me what you need to."

"Dad, I don't want you to hate me or think I'm bad."

I reached over and patted her arm. Smiling I told her, "Brooke, I will never hate you. I may think you did something bad but I will never think you are bad. I love you like a daughter. Okay?"

She laughed and nodded. "Thanks. Kayla and me did some other things. More than just touching and kissing on the mouth." My mind started running amok imagining what these other things were. Brooke and Kayla nude and in a sixty-nine. My mind focused on Kayla, how she would look without clothes. Her tongue buried in Brooke's pussy. In nanoseconds the hormones were pouring into my bloodstream. My whole body started to tingle.

"Let me guess. You made love," I said.

"Yeah." Immediately a stirring started in my groin. I shifted as Brooke continued. "We did that a couple times. So one night Kayla told me she had done it with her mom."

"What?" I sputtered.

"You said you weren't going to get mad."

"Shit Brooke. I'm not mad. I just can't believe it. Kayla and Kathy? That's incest."

"So?" she asked.

I was stunned. I had never thought that I would have to justify why incest is wrong. It just is.

Brooke smiled at me. "You should see the look on your face. Dad, incest has always been wrong because of inbreeding, right?" I nodded. "Well, none of us can get pregnant. So what is the problem?" I just looked at her unable to form coherent or logical thoughts. "See?" she said. "No chance of pregnancy, it doesn't really break the taboo."

"Jesus, Brooke. There are some other issues. Like taking advantage of a position of trust. Did Kathy tell you this?"

"No. Me and Kayla talked about it after she told me. I was like, no way when she told me. But she told me why it was okay. It's not hurting anybody. Both of them like it. Kathy is NOT taking advantage of Kayla. It might be the other way around from what Kayla has told me. So what business is it of anybody else?"

"So Kayla and Kathy also do..." my voice trailed off.

"They make love Dad. They do it. And me and Kathy did it too. She showed me some really cool things. She is really good."

My head was still spinning. I was trying to hold onto something in this mental whirlwind. "So Kathy is a lesbian?"

"No. I'm glad you told me it was okay to do it with Kayla." Jesus Christ I thought. That's not exactly what I meant. Brooke continued, "Anyway, Kathy really likes men best. She says if she could take a man to bed or a woman she'd take the man. But she doesn't have one right now. And she really worries about Kayla seeing guys our age because of pregnancy and AIDS. It's just a way to make each other feel good until the right guy comes along."

My mind was racing trying to put all this together and I almost missed the next thing Brooke said. "We were talking about getting pregnant and I told Kayla you had the operation. Kathy said you'd be perfect for a first time. You know safe."

"You told them I had a vasectomy?"

Brooke continued to rush along like she was talking about the latest movie, not about having sex with her best friend. "Sure. I mean, I wouldn't tell just anybody. But Kayla and Kathy are cool with stuff. I told them about the time I came into your room while you were watching that movie."

I just looked at Brooke. A few months before I had been watching a soft-core movie in my room. I usually locked the door but had forgotten this night. I didn't hear the door open even with the sound low so it wouldn't be heard outside my room. Brooke saw me lying in my bed, my erection in my hand as I slowly stroked it. I heard an intake of breath and turned to see her staring wide-eyed at my cock. That's the fastest I've moved in a long time; turning off the remote, jumping out of bed and putting on my robe. I turned to Brooke and felt my face burning furiously.

Brooke took her eyes off the front of my robe and said, "I'm sorry. I didn't know." She turned and quickly left closing the door behind her.

I sat on the bed waiting for my erection to completely subside and trying to work up the courage to face her. Finally, I opened the door to see the rest of the house dark. I went down the hall to her room. There was no light coming from under her door. I listened at her door and heard moans coming from her room. I went back to my room and closed the door. Sleep came with difficulty. Neither of us had mentioned the incident until tonight.

"Brooke, about that night."

"It's cool Dad. I know guys do that. I was just surprised. I guess I never thought about you like that. You know, I mean, having sex or anything."

"I went down to your room afterwards to talk with you."

"You did?" she asked.

"I guess guys aren't the only ones," I said.

"Oh GOD! You heard me?"

"I didn't try to spy. I was just trying to see if you were awake so I could talk to you. I guess the movie was something huh?" I said.

"Yeah," she said. "The movie."

Her tone of voice made me realize it wasn't the movie that had turned Brooke on. Just as I went back to my room and finished what I had started I didn't need to turn on the movie. I got an empty feeling in the pit of my stomach. Too many things were whirling in my head. The movie, Kayla, Brooke, Kathy and then Brooke defending incest and my own suppressed feelings that I desperately knew I had to keep suppressed. I knew I had to quit thinking these thoughts. They were leading down a path I shouldn't follow. Deep inside me a voice was shouting 'Danger!' If I didn't stop now I might not be able to stop.

Changing the subject I said, "Brooke, Kathy shouldn't be making love to you or Kayla. She's too old."

"God Dad. She's not too old. In fact she's great in bed. She is really in great shape."

I hesitated looking for a way to get this back on track. "I don't mean that she's too old to make love..."

Brooke jumped in as I took a breath. "Exactly. You're the same age as Kathy anyway and I know you're not too old." I started to get flustered as I remembered what she was referring too. "And Kathy says that you'd be perfect for a girl's first time." She looked at me intently. "... like Kayla maybe."

The images of Kayla flooded my mind again. If she wanted me it wouldn't be like I'd be seducing some unknowing girl. And she was already making love... NO. I had to get that image out of my mind. "Let's talk about Kathy."

"Dad, I think you should talk with her. Why don't you have her over for dinner Saturday? Kayla and I could stay over at her place and that way you and Kathy could, you know, work it out. I promise that I'll go with whatever you agree to."

My mind was running on separate paths, concern for Brooke, infatuation with Kayla, a desire to keep Kathy away from Brooke and a desire to find out why she thought I would be a good lover for Kayla. The second track of thoughts I kept forcing from my mind. They were bad thoughts. I wasn't really having them. I should have just forbidden Brooke from ever seeing Kathy again. But I didn't. Instead I convinced myself that I should set Kathy straight. It would be the right thing to do.

"Yes, sweetie. That's a good idea. I should talk with Kathy."

Brooke smiled a knowing smile that I didn't really recognize. "Cool. I'll tell Kathy she's having dinner here Saturday." Brooke pushed her plate to the center of the table and jumped up. She came around and threw her arms around my neck. "Thanks, Dad. I know this is going to be great." She kissed me on the forehead and then paused. I thought she was going to kiss me on the lips but she released me and bounced out of the room. Over her shoulder she called back, "Night, Dad. I'm gonna take a shower and go to bed. No listening at my door."

As I went to bed that night I stopped outside Brooke's door. I didn't listen. Really I didn't. It was very quiet in the house. There were no noises coming from Brooke's room. She must have been asleep. I continued on to my room. Sleep came slowly and when it did finally arrive it was troubled with wild dreams of Kayla and Kathy and to my shame Brooke.

A Tasty Dinner

The rest of the week dragged by. Brooke had arranged for Kathy to come by at six on Saturday evening. I rehearsed my arguments many times. I would straighten her out. But at night after the lights were out and I was alone the lascivious dreams would return. They would torment me until I finally took matters in hand and I could fall into a fantasy filled sleep.

Kathy showed up Saturday exactly at six. Brooke slipped out the door and headed over to Kayla's house as I was greeting Kathy.

I poured us a nice Central Coast Chardonnay, not too much oak with a nice balance of fruit and acid, as I finished the prep. We made some small talk while I got dinner on the table. In all modesty I must admit to being a good chef. I went all out on this dinner. Beautiful dishes presented elegantly with wonderful flavors. The candles and soft flamenco music set an intimate atmosphere.

We continued the small talk through dinner, work, school for the girls, neighborhood gossip; anything to avoid the 'topic.' As dinner wound down and we had worked on several glasses of Chardonnay apiece I worked the subject around to the girls.

"Kathy, the reason I asked you to dinner tonight..."

She interrupted, "You asked me?"

"Well yes." I answered flustered.

"Then it wasn't Brooke's idea?" she asked.

"Well, I guess that Brooke may have said it first."

She sat back and took another sip of wine. "So you don't know?"

Christ, I thought. First my conversations with Brooke go nuts and now this one. Can't I have a simple conversation with a female where I have the least little bit of control? "Know what?" I asked exasperated.

"That this whole thing was the girl's idea," she said.

"This dinner was the girl's idea? Why would they do that?"

"They thought of it together." Kathy answered. "Mike, they want us to have sex."

I was stunned. My mouth started to hang open then I blurted out, "What?"

"They want us to have sex. Close your mouth," she said laughing.

"Sorry. I was just shocked."

"Well I guess I can understand. I had some warning. I overheard some of their planning."

"Why do they want us to have sex?" I asked perplexed.

"It's obvious. Look at it from their angle. We get together and have sex. So of course then we'll start living together. So they get to move in together. They really are best friends plus they get all their sex under one roof with no worries about getting caught or getting in trouble because we are in on it." She took a sip of wine. "From their viewpoint it's elementary."

I stumbled over my words because she had broached the subject I had been avoiding. I felt my face burning. "I know you are..." My words trailed off. Steeling myself, "But I'm not involved. Why do they think I'd be okay with this whole setup?"

Kathy studied me for what seemed a long time. "Mike. You don't need to be embarrassed."

'I'm not embarrassed, ' my mind screamed. This was made a lie by the burning in my cheeks. Kathy's eyes burned into my soul. I could swear she was reading my thoughts. She knew why I was embarrassed. Somehow she knew that every night that week I had been having sexual thoughts of her and me. And Kayla and me.

"Yes, I have made love with Kayla and Brooke. You can say it." I blushed again. "You're missing something here. The girls don't want to just make love with each other and with me. They want to have a man as well."

Her words lashed me physically. My body tensed from the impact. Me? Both girls want to make love to me? On the surface my mind was appalled but under the surface the visions started playing again. The ones I had of Brooke, Kayla and me. Brooke, Kayla and me having sex, me being their first lover, teaching them about sex, a loving gentle lesson. These images rose in my mind and pushed the other thoughts out.

Kathy continued. "I can see it from their side. I miss having a man as well." She caught my eye and held it. A look was in her eye, the feral look of a hungry predator with the game in sight. "I miss having a man. Sex with a woman can only satisfy so much. I need to feel a man too. The way a man takes you, the power with which a man takes a woman, filling her up, possessing her, overwhelming her. Only a man can do that. Don't you think so Mike?" She brought the wine to her lips caressing the crystal with her lips as her eyes continued to hold mine. It was the most erotic thing I had ever seen. I felt my cock grow hard in my pants. I shifted in the chair unable to look away. The movement caused her to look down and she caught sight of the bulge in my Dockers. She set her wine down. "I see you agree with me Mike. I'm very glad. It's been too long. Much too long."

Part of my mind started to protest. You've been trapped, tricked, bamboozled and hooked. The rest of my mind shouted the protest down. My blood was running hot and I wanted her. I wanted those lips to do to my cock what they had done to that crystal.

Amazing isn't it? How easily a man can be seduced. My surface mind had been uttering pious platitudes to itself all evening. Oh yes, I was prepared with all the arguments to dissuade Kathy from her lechery and return her to the straight path of righteousness. I had marshaled all the facts and had logically ordered all the conventional bromides. But truth be told, under that surface desire had burned. Standing in the kitchen tossing the salad I had glanced at Kathy's tits and imagined them bare to my eyes. Then my mind imagined Kathy naked and Brooke sucking at those tits. My eyes moved lower to see Kathy's hands in her lap and I imagined her legs spread and Kayla between them. I shook my head to clear it. A while later I would notice Kathy's lips and images would form of her between Brooke thighs. Those lips would be buried in my daughter's pussy. I would shake my head again. But the images kept returning; the girls making love in twosomes and threesomes. And most powerfully, Brooke, Kayla, Kathy and me making love. Unacknowledged and hidden it had smoldered all the hotter. Exposed to the air it burst into flame and burned away all other thoughts leaving me filled only with one burning desire. It had been two years since I had fucked a woman. I wanted to fuck Kathy. I needed to fuck Kathy.

Kathy picked up the wineglass again and made love to it as she took another sip. She caressed the long stem as if it were a cock that she was fondling as she looked at me. "You know, I am very wet right now. I started getting wet when I saw that you were hard. That is a very nice bulge you have. I wish you would share it with me."

"Oh God. I can see how you seduced Brooke."

Kathy smiled. "Oh no. You have that backward." She set the wine down and stood up. "Please take me to your bed Mike. I want you."

She held out her hand to me. I stood and took her hand pulling her to me. Her arms went around my neck and pulled her body against mine. We kissed. It started as a soft kiss with our lips just touching. Then our lips began to devour each other before they parted and our tongues began a dance of desire, teasing and inviting the penetration of each others mouth, the play and chase and retreat and chase again. I broke the kiss. "Oh Kathy."

"Take me to bed Mike," she said softly almost inaudibly.

I took her hand and led her down the hall to my room. A soft light was burning in the adjoining bath. It provided a soft and diffuse glow over my bed. Kathy stood by the bed inviting me with her eyes. I kissed her again and her hands moved down between us rubbing against my crotch, massaging me through my pants. I grabbed the hem of her sweater and pulled it up. She raised her arms and let me pull it off. She reached behind and unsnapped her bra. I thought that was very nice of her because I knew I would have fumbled the snap just as men always fumble with snaps. She started to unbutton my shirt. I reached for her jeans and she for my Dockers. In what seemed a flash we were both naked and together on the bed, again kissing. This time her skin was against mine her breasts pressed against my chest. My erection was pressed against her belly as she ground into it.

I reached between us and cupped her pubic mound. My finger slid between her labia as Kathy pressed against my hand. Our tongues danced as my finger slipped into her. She was wet and slippery and my finger sank deeply in her pussy.

"Hmm, Mike. It's been so long. Please fuck me. Now."

So much for foreplay. I rolled Kathy onto her back and settled between her legs. She reached down, grabbed my cock and guided it to her opening. A gentle thrust and my glans pierced her. She released me and I slid halfway in. Rocking gently my cock was quickly coated with her juices and I bottomed out, buried to the hilt. Jesus, it had been too long. I had almost forgotten how good it felt to be fucking a real, live woman.

I held myself up on my arms so I could look down at Kathy. She opened her eyes as I started fucking her. Her face was softened with desire, almost blurred. Her eyes held mine as we moved synchronized in passion. We were communicating without words.

Kathy's body urged me on. The pace of our fucking increased. I had to lower myself and wrap her in my arms as our coupling became more frenzied and our bodies started to slam into each other. Kathy wrapped her arms around me. Faster and faster our bodies moved. My cock would slam deep into her and then almost leave her completely before slamming back in. A low moaning sound filled my ears and Kathy's body began to jerk under me. Her fingers dug into my back. Her pussy spasmed around my cock. I felt the rumbling in my loins. I let it take me. Furiously fucking I felt another spasm shake Kathy's body as I went over the edge. The first spurt of cum was inside her almost before I knew it was coming. Then another and another as the tension and energy drained from me. A few desultory strokes and I was spent.

Afterward we lay in quiet lassitude. Her head was on my chest, finger playing with the hair on my chest. My hand was gently stroking her back. I put my lips to her head and gently kissed her.

"Hmm," she said. "Nice." She reached down and cupped my cock and balls in her hand. "Thank you for sharing this. I wasn't sure you would let another woman have any."

"Huh?"

"After Brooke told me about your conversation last week I knew how much you wanted her." I started to protest. She put her finger to my lips. "Only the truth." That stopped me. She smiled serenely. "I thought so. When she told me how you had to run off to your bedroom right when the topic turned to her and you, I knew. Because I had gone through the same thing with Kayla. Don't look surprised. You don't think I just jumped in bed with her do you?"

"I uh..." I stuttered.

"You do. Well, it was no different for me. I felt guilty at first just like you're feeling. Until I realized that Kayla wanted to learn and to love me just as much as I wanted her. Just like you'll learn that Brooke wants you." Still cupping my cock Kathy continued, "Mike, Brooke and Kayla are just as much women as I when it comes to their desires. They have the same wants. They just lack experience. I don't want to see them hurt by their inexperience. You are a good lover." Squeezing my cock she smiled lecherously, "And you know some wonderful tricks to make a women scream in pleasure. If I were going to pick a first lover for Kayla I couldn't pick a better one."

"Thank you Kathy. But, we didn't even have any foreplay. How do you know I'm such a good lover?"

She smiled. "Because of how you moved in me. You didn't just pound into me. You let your body caress mine with every stroke. I loved the little circles you made." She reached down and squeezed my cock. "And when I wanted it hard and fast you gave it to me. You responded to me even without words. You made love to me with your eyes and your mind. Our minds were touching just as much as our bodies. That is what makes you a special lover. That's what Kayla should have in her first lover. And Brooke." She rolled over me so that our bodies were touching all over. "Mike. I wasn't sure before. Now I am."

Images of Kayla filled my mind. Making love to virgin Kayla. Her lithe body under mine. Tasting her never breached pussy. Feeling my cock slide into her virgin pussy. Kathy was rubbing against my cock. The images of Kayla filled it with blood. It quickly regained its strength. Kathy smiled, "I see it agrees with me. Do you always respond so quickly?"

"No. I mean not for years."

"So it must be Kayla." I started to protest. "Shush. I'm not insulted. I'm glad you're excited. She excites me as well." Kathy lifted up and my cock sprang free. Lowering her hips she said, "This time let's have a nice slow fuck," as she slid down over me.

Kayla

On Tuesday afternoon the front bell rang. It was Kayla.

"Hi. Can I come in?"

"Sure. But Brooke isn't home."

As she walked in and I closed the door she said, "I know. She's over at my house."

"What's she doing over there?" I asked.

"Probably the same thing you were doing Saturday night," she said looking at me intently.

I didn't say anything but I'm sure my face gave me away. "What do you mean?"

"Making love to my mom," Kayla said evenly.

No way to finesse that was there? So I ignored it. "Kayla, what can I do for you?"

"I'm ready."

I knew what she meant by the way she said it. My stomach was filled with butterflies. "Kayla. I don't think this is a good idea."

"Mom said you thought I was sexy. Do you?" I couldn't answer because the answer was yes and I certainly didn't want to admit that out loud. "She also said that if you didn't say yes right away I should take off my clothes and lead you to the bedroom. She said you would do what I wanted. Is that true?" Again the accused stood mute as the answer was, yes. Kayla looked at me expectantly and when no answer was forthcoming she pulled her sweater off over her head. She wasn't wearing anything under it. My eyes glued themselves to her breasts. They were lovely. Kayla held still as I admired her. Her hands went to the fly of her jeans. She unzipped them and pushed them and her panties down. She stepped out of her sandals and the jeans. She semi-turned toward the bedrooms. "Do I really have to pull you into the bedroom?"

Damn that woman, I thought. Just as she had on Saturday, Kathy knew exactly how to manipulate me. I recalled the feeling I had Saturday when I knew I was out-maneuvered. I was feeling it again. Only this time it was her daughter. I had a moment of mental protest knowing I should be the one in charge. But faced with a nubile naked woman who was inviting me to take pleasure from her body my will to resist collapsed just as Man's will had collapsed in the Garden. "No," I said around my constricted throat. "Kayla, are you really sure?"

"Yes, Mike." She stressed the Mike putting us on an equal footing. She was assuming the mantle of adulthood. Her tone of voice said, 'I'm not a little girl anymore.' She was a vision of loveliness. Her long brunette hair was flowing freely shaping itself to her lithe body. Her face was long like her body with thin eyebrows above dark eyes. Small breasts jutted out above her slender waist with a small dark patch over her womanhood. Her long slender legs echoing the curves of her body. I wished I had a camera to make a record of this moment. I knew I would treasure this vision in my mind forever. She extended her hand to me. I took it and we walked hand in hand into my bedroom.

Once in the bedroom Kayla looked a lot less sure of herself. It's amazing how much a situation can change in five seconds. "Are you really sure Kayla?"

She looked at me. "Oh God yes Mike. Brooke and me have been talking about this forever." Forever? More likely a month. But at sixteen a month can be forever. "I'm just a little, you know, nervous. I mean God. I don't know what to do," she answered plaintively.

This, from a young woman who, from all accounts, had seduced my daughter and her own mother. I smiled reassuringly. "So you know, I'm just as nervous."

"Really?"

"Yeah. Really." I nodded.

"Why? You've done it before," she asked with a puzzled look.

I was struck by the situation. Here I was talking with a beautiful young and delightfully naked woman while I stood there in my clothes. What the hell am I doing? What aren't I ripping my clothes off and jumping into bed instead of talking? "Should I take off my clothes?"

Kayla smiled. "Yeah sure. But why are you nervous?"

I answered as I unbuttoned my shirt. Kayla sat on the bed listening intently as I talked. "Of course I'm nervous. Men feel performance anxiety. We feel like we are responsible to 'perform.' We have to get an erection." Kayla glanced down to where I was pushing my pants down. My erection popped up and bounced. I glanced down as well. "Well, maybe that won't be a problem today." She giggled. "Seriously, men do have anxiety about their performance. And I am a little nervous because I know it's your first time. I want to make it wonderful for you."

"Thank you, Mike. So you don't mind that I'm a virgin?"

"No. I kinda like it. It's like a fantasy for me. Brooke's mom and I met in high school. I was her first and it was special for me. I want this to be special for both of us. Hopefully, I'll be better than I was that night. We were both so inexperienced..." My voice trailed off as I remembered that night in the backseat of my old Ford. We had been necking for several months. For the past month we had been getting closer and closer to intercourse. The prior weekend we had gotten completely undressed and rubbed our genitals together. I had cum all over her stomach. This night we both knew it was going to happen. I remember how nervous we were. How difficult it was to penetrate her. The rubbing of dry body part against dry body part. How she had winced and cried at the pain. How quickly I came. It wasn't exactly a night to recall with pleasure. "It's my chance to do it right. To make your first time as wonderful as I can."

"Yeah. That's what my mom said too. She said that's why it'd be so great to have a guy who knows how to make the first time feel good. Mike?" she asked. I nodded. "You will make me feel good won't you?"

I smiled reassuringly. "I'll do my best, sweetheart."

Kayla seemed reassured and then glanced down. I had finished taking off my clothes. "Can I touch it?"

"It's all yours," I answered as I stepped over to the bed.

Kayla's hand wrapped around my cock. She pulled on it softly watching as the skin moved over it. "Wow. It feels soft and hard at the same time. It's feels big." She glanced up with a hint of apprehension.

I smiled. It's always nice to hear the word big in connection with one's equipment. "Believe me, you'll like it. You'll probably want it bigger once we're done."

"Really?" She ran her hand up and down it watching intently. "Cool."

"Let's lay down sweetheart. I want to kiss you." Kayla moved over into the center of the bed and lay back her hair forming a mandala around her head. I lay down next to her, my chest covering hers and brought our lips together. Our tongues intertwined and chased back and forth. The girl sure knew how to kiss. Breaking the kiss, my lips trailed down to her neck nipping and licking. I stopped at her breast. It was small and topped by an erect nipple. Running my tongue over around her tit I worked in toward the middle until my tongue was lapping at the erect button. Taking it between my lips sucking and nibbling Kayla moaned and twitched from the sensations. My hand wandered down until it grazed the soft hair over her pussy. Kayla's legs parted as my hand pushed down over her pussy. I played with her lips while sucking and kissing her tits. I used her labia to massage the clitoris. That brought another low moan from Kayla.

Hearing her moan heightened my own excitement. I moved down until I was looking at her pussy. I pushed her legs up then draped them down over my back. The aroma of her arousal wafted up to me as I moved forward and stabbed my tongue into her wet and reddened pussy. Her pussy lips parted as my tongue worked its way up. The sweet taste of arousal was on my tongue as it lapped and twisted around her erect clitoris. Kayla's head rolled from side to side as I sucked her clitoris between my lips gently rolling it back and forth while flicking it with my tongue tip. My finger found the entrance to her vagina and gently entered her. Soon I was fucking her with my finger and my mouth.

Kayla moaned and with her voice thick with lust said, "I thought men didn't know how to eat pussy. God you're as good as Brooke." I smiled as I continued lapping and sucking. Her pussy was awash in her juices.

She was as ready as she'd ever be. Moving over her I lined up the head of my cock with her pussy. She was all corners and edges and there wasn't much to her. She seemed light as a feather as I wrapped my arm around her shoulders and settled between her thighs. I quit noticing the bony parts as my cock sank into her pussy. I was waiting for some resistance but never met any. Soon the base of my cock was rubbing against her clitoris.

I paused for a moment and looked down at Kayla's face. Her eyes were closed and her mouth was slightly parted. My heart skipped a beat as I thought about what was happening. I was living out a fantasy, a wet dream, a not to be believed experience. My cock was in a beautiful young woman no older than my daughter.

Kayla's eyes opened. Her face was a mask of desire. She bucked around my cock. "I'm ready." Another buck and then, "Please."

Ever the gentleman I pulled out and then lanced back into her pussy. She bit her lip and pushed up to meet my thrust. We moved into a slow rhythm, several deep followed by several shallow thrusts and then repeat until she screams. At least that is what the Japanese pillow book prescribed.

I tried to wait. But the pleasure and the pressure soon overwhelmed me and the tempo increased until I was slamming into her. I felt the tingling presaging the eruption as the pressure built and built. Kayla's dark hair was spread over the bed as she rolled her head back and forth. Her breath was now coming in short pants and gasps broken up by the low moans.
Continues...

Pages: Prev | 1 | 2 | Next

Home - Top   Feedback to author


Home « Rod O'Steele's Page - Settings
Brooke, Kayla and Me
by Rod O'Steele
Copyright© 2002 by Rod O'Steele


Pages: Prev | 1 | 2 | Next

Continuation...

I couldn't wait any longer. Overwhelmed by the feel of her body against mine, her pussy grasping my cock my body betrayed me and loosed the eruption of cum into Kayla's waiting body. I slammed home as each spasm shook me sending my cum deeply into her. Flooded by the warmth and wetness my cock continued to plow into her. A last weak ejaculation and I was done.

I felt Kayla's hands digging into my arms so I kept fucking her. I forced my muscles, now spent of energy, to continue and was soon rewarded when Kayla started to buck furiously under me. I tried to match her and our bodies slammed and smashed together. She threw her head back and I watched the red flush spread over her creamy white skin as she crested her climax. A last gasp and I fell onto her slender spent body. Kayla ran her hands over my back. With the last of my strength I pushed myself to her side pulling her with me and collapsed. We lay together, my cock slowly shrinking until it slid from her pussy. Kayla looked at me, her face filled with satiation, leaned forward and kissed me gently and yet passionately.

I must have nodded off because the next thing I remember was awaking with a start as Kayla was climbing off the bed. It was twilight outside creating a gloaming mood in the room.

"Where are you going?" I asked.

"Oh." She turned toward me. "You're awake."

"Sorry. I didn't mean to fall asleep. Not very gentlemanly."

"No. It's cool. I was wiped out too. I'm going to take a shower," she answered.

"Can I join you?" I asked.

Her face lit up. "Cool. I've never done that before." I followed her into my bath suite. One nice thing about this house was a large shower with two showerheads. I've always been a fan of naked women and no better way to enjoy the sight than with a woman all sudsy in your shower. I turned on the water and waited for the right temperature.

"Oh way cool. Two showers," Kayla said.

"Yeah," I said smiling. "That way you can have someone help you wash your back."

Kayla's face broke into an impish grin, "What about the front?"

"That too." I grabbed two towels off the rack and handed one to Kayla before stepping into the shower. Kayla followed me and we were soon soapy. I grabbed a bar and started on her back. Who needs a washcloth when you have a beautiful young woman in the shower? My hands ran all over her, from the top of her shoulders, along her back, over her cute little ass and down her long slender legs. I felt a gentle stirring in my loins.

Kayla turned and let the water cascade down her back. "Your turn." I turned and felt her hands working across my shoulders. It was highly erotic, not knowing and yet expecting her hands to work their way down. When she reached my ass and then my thighs I felt another jump in blood flow to my nether regions. "Done," she said. I turned and let the water rinse the soap from my back.

Kayla waited with anticipation as I finished rinsing my back and picked up the soap again. She smiled as I started on her front. Her nipples crinkled as I soaped up her breasts. I soaped up her small pubic triangle and then ran my hand between her legs gently washing the stickiness from her. Her eyes closed as I did. I washed the insides of her thighs and down to her feet. I tried to think of a way to extend the washing but I had covered every inch. Oh well. "You're done," I said. Kayla turned into the stream of water letting it wash the soap away. I waited while she rinsed.

When she was finished she took the soap from me and started on my chest. My anticipation grew as her hands moved lower, and lower. Looking up at me she smiled and wrapped her soapy hand around my cock. She laved it and washed around my balls before returning to my cock, now half erect, and running her soapy hand up and down its length. It was too soon to return to full strength but it let Kayla know it was enjoying the attention. She smiled at me again before letting go and moving down to my legs. Too soon I was done. I stepped into the spray as Kayla rinsed the soap from her hands.

I slapped the control lever and we stepped from the shower and toweled off. I kept looking at her, the flat planes of her belly, the tight jiggle in her breasts, her long legs. I felt like I was dreaming as I had so many times about her. An air of unreality hung about me. I kept asking myself, 'Did I really just make love to this beautiful vision?'

Shaking my head I looked at the clock and realized it was dinnertime. "You hungry?"

Kayla threw her towel back on the rack, "Yeah. How 'bout pizza?"

As if I could deny her anything at that moment. "Sure. What do you like?"

"Pepe's has a special with everything," she said with a rush.

"Give 'em a call and have it delivered."

"Great. I could eat a horse." She skipped out to the bedroom and threw on her clothes before going out to make the call. I followed along and put on a kimono and then followed her to the phone. She was just finishing as I came up. "Half hour," she said.

I bent down and kissed her forehead. "Well, I like a nice Merlot with a special. How about you?"

"Wine? Really? Cool." I took her hand and went into the kitchen where I grabbed a Merlot. I opened it with a flourish which made her smile and then poured us both a glass.

"To a beautiful woman," I said holding up the glass. Kayla faintly blushed and tapped my glass.

"To a wonderful lover," she said tipping her glass. I inclined my head and tapped her glass.

I grabbed the wine and we went into the den. Soon we were talking, well, more exactly Kayla was talking and I was nodding my head with an occasional word. We had finished a glass each when the pizza arrived. I brought it in along with a couple of plates. The pizza hardly discommoded Kayla at all. She could eat, drink and talk all at the same time. Amazing. Before I knew it I was up on all the school gossip, her teachers, college plans and potential boyfriends, a curious subject I thought as we had just screwed our brains out. I realized that she thought of me as a way to learn and experience and not as an emotional attachment. It was somewhat deflating even if she was right. It's not like we were going to 'go steady.'

The next time I looked at the clock it was nine. "Kayla?"

"Un what?" she said around another slice of pizza.

"What are your plans for the evening?"

She looked at the clock. "Oh, I was going to go home and Brooke is coming back here, if that's okay?"

"Yeah, that's fine. Maybe some other time you can stay all night."

I could see her mulling the thought. "I never thought of that. That might be cool." She jumped up and came over before sprawling into my lap. "Thank you for everything. This is exactly what I hoped it would be like. I didn't want to learn from some guy in the back of his old Chevy." She kissed me, not passionately but more with appreciation.

"Kayla. I can't tell you how much this meant to me. It was very special for me as well." She leaned forward and kissed me again. "Can I give you a ride?"

"What? It's only a block."

"I know but I thought a gentleman should offer."

She laughed and bounced up from my lap. "Nope. I'll walk."

I followed her to the front door and watched through the front windows as she waltzed down the street. I was still in disbelief as I watched her slim figure walk away highlighted in a pool of light, then disappearing between the streetlights only to reappear in the next pool of light. I smiled as vivid streaming video of the last hours ran through my head. Kayla disappeared around the curve. I turned and heading off to my room. I was drained physically and emotionally. I was asleep in minutes.

Brooke

I awoke Sunday morning with a start.

"About time sleepyhead," Brooke said. She was sitting on my bed in a T-shirt and nothing else. I knew that because she was sitting cross-legged and the shirt had ridden up over her thighs. Her pubic triangle was staring at me. Okay, I was staring at it. God help me, I couldn't take my eyes away.

Running my hand over my face I mumbled, "What are you doing?"

"Waiting for you to get up so I can say thank you."

I sat up in bed and tried to look at Brooke's face. "Thanks for what?"

Brooke rose to her knees and leaned toward me, wrapping her arms around my neck her face coming so close to mine as she said, "Thank you for making it so wonderful for Kayla."

I was speechless, truly unable to think of anything to say. What is there to say to your daughter when you spent the previous night fucking her best friend and she is thanking you for doing it? I was aware that I had morning breath. I pulled away and said, "I need to clean up sweetie," waiting for her to leave.

"Can I help?"

"I don't think that would be proper."

"Oh Dad. Quit being so stuffy," she reprimanded me in her frustrated teen voice. "Quit being a sissy," as she slid off the bed and grabbing my hand, pulled me to the bath. Brooke started the shower running. Thankfully, the shirt now covered her, barely. She turned to me and motioned to the shower. I hooked my thumb toward the door and motioned, Out! She crossed her arms and I again motioned out. She marched out the door which I closed behind before stepping into the shower.

Twenty minutes later I was showered and brushed and peed and feeling human again. I looked for my kimono. I opened the door to see Brooke sitting on the bed holding my kimono.

"Looking for this?" she asked.

"Yes. Please throw it to me."

Brooke got to her knees in the middle of the bed and putting the kimono behind her back said, "Come and get it," with a wicked smile.

For the briefest second my mind resisted but she had challenged me in a way that demanded I respond, and feeling a strange premonition, I charged the bed. "Give me that," and we were grappling on the bed. She turned out to be much stronger than I expected, and because I was cautious not to hurt her by exerting my full strength, she held her own in the match. She had no such compunction. At one point she pushed me over on my back and climbed on top while pinning my arms to the bed. I felt her pussy mashing against my cock. I pretended to try to free my arms, but in truth, I was concentrating on the feel of a pussy rubbing against my cock. The blood flooded my cock and it grew under her. In seconds I saw her face change from a look of fierce determination to a softer glow. Her hips slid back and forth over my rapidly growing cock. All pretense of a fight disappeared. Brooke leaned forward and brought her lips to mine. She paused with her lips just a breath away, knowing that we were about to do something that could never be undone. I could neither encourage her nor stop her. I waited. Then her lips met mine and we kissed. My premonition became reality in the space of a breath.

I wish I could say that I fought against it, but that would be a lie. In truth, what I felt were the primal desires of lust and desire. A beautiful young woman was rubbing her pussy against my engorged cock. Nothing else mattered.

"Dad please love me like a woman," Brooke said earnestly.

"Brooke..." I temporized knowing that I couldn't say no but also looking for a way to say yes without having to admit to myself that I was saying yes. Completely self-delusional of course.

"Dad, I love you. Do you love me?" she asked.

"Of course I love you Brooke. But..." She pressed her finger to my lips.

"No buts." She rubbed her pussy up and down on my hard cock. It felt exquisite. "Please make love to me like a woman. I want it. You feel so good. Please."

Oh God, it felt incredible to have her wet pussy sliding over my cock. I knew I had to do what she asked. I pulled her face to mine. Our lips came together and my tongue snaked out and darted into her mouth. Her tongue chased mine. Brooke broke the kiss and sat up. She pulled her shirt over her head. She was beautiful. I reached up and cupped her tits in my hands. She pushed against my hands as I fondled her tits and rubbed and pulled her nipples. She was constantly rubbing her pussy over my cock that was now coated with her arousal. She slid over my slippery cock like a kid down a water slide. I grabbed a nipple between a thumb and finger of each hand and gently pulled her back to my face. My tongue attacked her mouth. As we kissed my cock slid down until it popped up behind her. I lined it up with her pussy and gently probed until the head of my cock found her slit. Awash in wetness, my cock slipped further into her pussy. After a few gentle thrusts, the head popped in and my cock entered her pussy channel. Brooke moaned around my invading tongue. She pushed back and my cock slid deeper.

We broke the kiss and I looked up at her face, a mix of lust and trepidation. She was moving over the head of my cock. She paused for a moment looking earnestly at me and then sat down taking my cock into her body. I felt a momentary resistance as if something was trying to stop my cock. But before I even could think about what it was my cock lanced all the way into Brooke's pussy. I saw a flash of pain cross her face and realized that I had just deflowered my daughter. My cock had ripped through her maidenhead and I hadn't even known it. I looked down and saw that I was buried completely in Brooke. Our pubic hair was meshed together where our bodies joined.

"Uhn," she said as I looked up. Brooke opened her eyes and looked at me. "That wasn't so bad. I thought it would really hurt." Then she looked down at where our bodies were joined. "God, Dad. I feel so full. But it feels good." She rotated her hips massaging her clitoris against me. "Oh, this feels so different. It's different than when Kayla does me." I grabbed her hips and guided her into a more up and down motion. Soon she was giving herself a good ride on my cock. I pushed up until I could lick and suck her nipples as she continued to play cowgirl on my cock. "Oh Jesus. Do that, ungh, just like that," she moaned. Every time Brooke bottomed out I would jerk my hips to give her a little extra stimulation. Her bucking slowed and got more deliberate. Her eyes were closed and I could tell her entire being was centered in her pussy and tits, in the intense feeling being generated there. Laying back I grabbed her nipples and pinched and released them in rhythm with our coupling. Brooke arched her back and threw her head back. I felt her pussy spasm around my cock. I gently cupped her tits as her climax washed over her. A few more slow deliberate strokes and she collapsed on top of me. Her pussy was quivering around my cock. I let her lay still until her eyes opened.

"Love you sweetheart," I whispered in her ear.

"I love you, Dad." She wriggled her butt. "God. Kayla told me it was indescribable." She brought her lips to mine and we kissed. "Thank you." She was still moving over my cock. "You are still so big. Did you make it?"

"No sweetie," I said smiling. "But it's okay. Today was for you."

"No. I want to feel it. Please."

I pulled her down and kissed her and as I did I rolled her to the side and continuing I rolled over on top my cock still sheathed in her pussy. She wrapped her legs around me as I started thrusting into her. As I looked down I saw her Mother's face. I was back in high school and fucking for the first time again. A burst of emotion wracked me, the joy of falling in love and the loss when she left. The image turned into vapor and dissipated leaving me looking at Brooke. Her eyes were closed as she concentrated on the sensations her body was feeling for the first time. Still emotional from the visions of her mother I was filled with love for Brooke. My cock still pistoning in her pussy, I leaned forward and kissed her. Her mouth opened and soon our tongues were fucking each other's mouth. I was so close that I thought I couldn't wait another second when Brooke moaned and let her head fall back. Her pussy spasmed around my cock milking it. On the next thrust my cock erupted spilling my seed deeply into her pussy. Five more times my cock erupted until there was nothing left to cum. A last weak quiver and I was drained. Breathing hard I rested on Brooke her hands running over my back.

After a few moments she said, "I felt it. I felt it when you came. It made me cum even harder knowing I was getting your cum." She kissed me. "Thank you Dad. That was so different. I mean, you know, from when Kayla does it or when I do it myself. It was just so intense being filled and feeling you in me. God. No wonder Kathy says that she likes men best."

I rolled over to the side slipping out of Brooke. I rested my head on her shoulder and kissed her cheek. "My pleasure baby."

"Dad?"

"Yes sweetheart?"

"I don't think just once will be enough."

"Do you mean once today or once at all?"

She giggled. "I mean just once at all. We already did it twice today didn't we?" She rolled toward me and snuggled into my arms her head buried under my chin. "I mean that I think we'll need to do this again until I..." She paused as if looking for the right word.

"Until you get your fill?" I asked helpfully.

She threw back her head and looked at me surprised until she saw my smile. Then laughing she said, "Well, yes. I can't wait until I get my fill."

I pulled her back to me and we lay like that both drifting off.

A Fantasy Night

Sunday night as we sat down to dinner Brooke said, "I went over to Kayla's this afternoon..."

"To give them a full report I assume," I interrupted.

"Dad! It's not like that." I just looked at her with a slight smile. "Well... We did maybe talk about it a little." I raised my eyebrows. "Ok, me and Kayla and Kathy talked about it."

"Did you compare notes?"

"No. It wasn't like that. Mostly I was just telling them how glad I was that you were the one to teach me about sex. And Kayla said the same thing."

"I guess I should be flattered that you are giving me a good rating."

Brooke rolled her eyes. "Anyway, Kathy said something that me and Kayla were like talking about." She looked at me with a curious expression. "Well, Kathy said that..." a long pause, "... that guys have a fantasy about two women at the same time." She rushed through the last part. "Is that right?"

"I think it pretty much is true, yes. I would guess that most men have that fantasy." Brooke looked exasperated because I had side stepped her real question. I just smiled. "Brooke, go ahead and ask it."

"You know."

"Yes, but I still am going to wait until you ask it," I answered.

"I don't mean most guys. Would you like to have Kayla and me together?"

My stomach did a little flip as the idea of having these two beautiful young women in bed at the same time sank in. How many times had I fantasized about two women? My wildest fantasy, even the one with Nicole Kidman and Halle Berry, wasn't this wild. "Yes. I'd love that."

Brooke jumped up and came around the table throwing her arms around my neck. She planted a wet kiss on my lips, broke the kiss and started jumping around to her side of the table, "Thank you, thank you. Oh Daddy, this is so cool. I can't wait see you doing Kayla. Oh wow. I'm actually going to watch as you do her. That is so cool."

"And I'm going to watch as you do Kayla," I said.

Brooke paused and then looked thoughtful. "Really? You wanna watch me do Kayla?"

"I want to watch you both do each other," I answered.

She fell into her chair. "Wow. I hadn't thought about that."

"Is that a problem?" I asked.

"No. Would you like that? I mean, is that a turn on?" she asked.

"I'd say from your reaction that watching Kayla and me was a turn on for you." I paused and she nodded. "In the same way it'd be a turn on for me to watch you two."

"Yeah, I guess. I just hadn't thought about it that way. I mean, I was all like into watching you and Kayla. God. I mean having you watch me would like be totally weird."

"Sweetheart, the troika is your idea."

"Troika?" she asked.

"Yeah. It's slang for three people together. It comes from the Russian. You know, a menage a trois, " I explained.

"Yeah okay. I know what that is. So you'd want me and Kayla to do it too?" I nodded. "I've never done it with somebody watching."

"Well, Jesus Brooke. I haven't either. Do you think I'm Dirk Diggler or something?"

She started to giggle at the ridiculous way I'd said that. Then I saw some thought cross her face as her eyes got wide. "No filming."

I nearly fainted. "NO! Oh God. I don't need to get in that kind of trouble."

She sat back and was quiet for a while. I let her work through her thoughts. "So do you want to?"

"Do you?" I asked.

"Yeah."

"Me too."

Friday evening I got home from work a little late. I walked in to the smell of something cooking. Brooke wasn't a great cook yet but she was learning. It smelled like something with plenty of garlic. I had taught her that there is no such thing as too much garlic. As I walked in the kitchen I was surprised to see Kayla stirring as Brooke poured the penne into boiling water.

"Oh, hi." I said.

Brooke poured the pasta in, threw on the lid and jumped into my arms pulling my head down into a passionate kiss. When we finally broke I looked up to see Kayla staring. I blushed a little. "Kayla is staying over tonight. Is that okay?"

I hoped this meant what I thought. "Oh good. I'm glad you're staying over," I said to Kayla. It was her turn to blush as she lowered her eyes. I leaned over the pasta. "Smells good."

Brooke smiled, "Kayla helped me."

I took Kayla's hand in mine and brought it to my lips for a kiss.

"Oh Come on," Brooke said. "Give her a kiss like you really mean it."

I looked into Kayla's eyes. I saw invitation so I pulled her into my arms. She melted into them as our lips met. When we broke Brooke whistled a catcall. Kayla smacked Brooke on the arm as she laughed.

"When's dinner. Do I have time to change?" I asked.

Brooke's face broke into a mischievous grin, "Why change? Why don't you just take that stupid suit off? Kayla and me wouldn't mind."

I laughed. "As much as you two might like it I think I'll go put on casual clothes."

I heard "Chicken," as I went down the hall to change.

When I returned Brooke and Kayla were serving so I pulled out a Valpollicella Ripassa and three glasses. Perfect wine for a red sauce, and even better for lovers. To me the wine has a faint musky scent that has always reminded me of an aroused woman to go with the berry flavors that predominate. Drinking Ripassa is like making love to an aroused woman.

We finished off the bottle over dinner and both girls were giggly. I helped clear the table and told the girls I needed a quick shower. I was almost through when the door opened. Brooke and Kayla stood on the threshold as God had made them. My cock lurched and started to grow primed as it was from the licentious images which I had been entertaining through dinner and the shower.

Brooke smiled that impish smile of hers, "Nice view," as she turned to Kayla.

Kayla joined in, "Yeah, not bad." Her gaze trailed down to my rapidly inflating cock. "Looks like somebody is glad to see us."

I turned off the shower and quickly wiped off with the towel. The girls had retreated when I turned off the shower. I stepped into the bedroom to a lovely vision. The girls had a single candle burning and were entwined in the middle of my bed. At the moment Kayla was licking Brooke's nipple. The scene caused even more blood to be pumped into my cock. I don't know what the PSI was, but I'm sure it was redlined.

I continued to watch as Kayla laved Brooke's tits with her tongue. Brooke's nipples were hard and distended. Kayla moved lower as Brooke draped her legs down Kayla's back. Kayla's tongue came out and lapped at Brooke's cunt. I felt the pre-orgasmic tremors in my balls. Christ, I was going to cum just standing there. I didn't want to waste it so I walked around to the foot of the bed. I knelt behind Kayla and gently lifted her ass. She never missed a stroke in her tongue lashing of Brooke's wet pussy. I slid in behind Kayla and slid my hand down to her pussy. Her labia gaped open and my fingers were quickly covered in her juices. I spread them around her pussy and then rubbed them into the head of my cock. I grabbed my cock and lined it up with her slit. It slid right in and I was half way in before having to pull back to spread more lubricant on my cock. The next stroke I bottomed out against her ass. Lord she was hot and wet.

Setting up a nice slow and deep fuck stroke I watched as Kayla's face was forced into Brooke's pussy on each down stroke. Brooke's eyes opened to see what was happening. They opened wider as she saw us rocking together. It was as if I was fucking both girls at the same time. Every stroke into Kayla forced her tongue into Brooke and she pushed back against Kayla which forced her back against me. I imagined that it was I fucking Brooke with Kayla's tongue. Brooke bit her lower lip as her breath came in rapid gasps. I watched the red blush of impending orgasm wash across her chest. My balls started to rumble and I started to slam into Kayla changing the angle to run my cock along her clitoris on every stroke. I threw my head back as the first eruption tore through me. I felt spasm after spasm empty my cum into her tight pussy. One more thrust and I stopped, buried to the hilt in her pussy. I opened my eyes to see Brooke thrashing in her own cum as I felt Kayla's pussy milking my cock in her orgasm. A triple play, I said to myself.

Kayla fell forward onto Brooke my cum leaking from her pussy. Brooke's hands were entangled in Kayla's hair as she came down from her orgasm. Spent, I fell to Brooke's side and snuggled up to her. She pulled my face to hers and we kissed. Kayla moved up on Brooke's other side. When I pulled back Kayla leaned in and kissed me. Brooke pulled Kayla to her mouth as we broke our kiss and I watched as their tongues danced together. I had been totally spent but watching my daughter kiss her best friend was electric. A current shot from my libido to my glands and I was flooded with testosterone. I went from flaccid and spent to hard and invigorated in the space of a long sloppy girl/girl kiss.

Brooke noticed that I was now sticking her with my cock in the hip. Her hand went down and wrapped around my hard on. "Kayla, look. Jesus he's still hard."

Kayla leaned over and looked. "I thought you came?" she asked.

"I did. Watching you two made me hard again."

"God Dad. You really are turned on aren't you?" I just smiled. "What do you want to do?" she asked me.

I thought for a second about which of my fantasies I'd most like to play out. "I'd like to fuck you while you two sixty-nine each other."

Kayla and Brooke exchanged a glance. "How?" Kayla asked me.

"Kayla, lay on your back with your head this way," I said. "And then Brook you get over her in a sixty-nine." Kayla lay back and Brooke put her knees on both sides of Kayla's head. She looked back expectantly as I moved behind her. I looked down at Kayla and said, "Go ahead." Kayla stuck out her tongue and flicked at Brooke's bud. As she did I lined up with her pussy and slid my cock in. Brooke moaned from the sudden intense sensations of being fucked and licked at the same time. Every time I pulled back I could see Kayla lapping at the wet pussy. Sometimes I felt her tongue work its way up and flick my cock as it powered in and out of the pussy. I could tell Brooke wasn't doing much for Kayla as her head was thrown back and she shuddered from the intense pleasure. I felt her tense and then her pussy went wild around my cock as spasm after spasm erupted around my thrusting cock. Her cum poured out and flowed down to coat Kayla's face. As few more strokes and Brooke collapsed on Kayla.

I looked down as Kayla ran her tongue over her wet lips. "Jesus, she really came that time. It poured into my mouth."

Brooke fell off to the side. Kayla's face was full of wanting lusty desire. Her face was wet with cum and her hips rolled in frustration. I slid around and between her legs. They opened for me and my cock found her opening. I slid into her wet opening and despite the tightness easily lanced deeply into her. She moaned as my body met hers mashing her clitoris between us. We pounded together in a maddened dance of lust. I kissed her hard as we fucked. The familiar feeling welled up from my loins and I was concentrating on bringing it to fruition when Kayla dug her fingers into my ass and moaned. The extra bit of sensation sent me over the edge and I pumped my cum into Kayla for the second time this evening. My balls drained themselves of every drop before I could stop. I shuddered to a stop my balls aching from the intense stimulation. I pulled away from Kayla and fell to her side. My poor cock shriveled up. Kayla snuggled into my side as I lay on my back while Brook snuggled into the other side. Their hands entwined around my cock coaxing it. Alas, to no avail. Two cums so quickly had drained it.

We lay like that slowly drifting. Only vaguely do I remember the girls turning out the lights and going off to Brooke's room.

Big Changes

Six months to the day after Kathy had come over for dinner I was putting dinner on the table. This time there were four places set. Kathy on my right and Brooke and Kayla in the other two places. They were laughing and giggling. Kathy put her hand on mine as I sat down.

"Our first dinner as a family," Kathy said.

Looking around the table at the three women laughing and having such a good time made me reminisce about the last six months. The evening after my fantasy night with Brooke and Kayla, Kathy had come over for dinner. She made me describe the evening in vivid detail. We had both gotten so hot that she dragged me into the bedroom and we fucked liked crazed rabbits. The girls kept pushing us together, dinner at her house, and a picnic in the park. Of course, they didn't push us together every night. Some nights Kayla would come over and Brooke would go to see Kathy. Other nights Brooke would stay home and crawl into bed with me. I was like a Sultan with his harem.

After a few months I began to realize how much I looked forward to seeing Kathy. The sex was incredible because she loved the dirty deed and pursued erotic pleasures wholeheartedly. What finally started to dawn on me was how much fun we had when we weren't fucking. Kathy was bright and witty. She always kept me on my toes but in a fun way. She had an uncanny perceptiveness about me; picking me up when I was down and joining in the revels when I was happy. I began to realize that I was happier when she was with me. I asked her to move in. When the girls heard, I thought my ears would burst from the screaming and jumping around. Brooke had joined me in bed that night for an emotional and lovely night. She took over as soon as she crawled under the blanket. First, giving me a slow and sensuous blow job and followed by a slow and sensuous fuck that left both of us drained and happy. I fell asleep with her cuddled in my arms.

Looking around the table tonight I was happier than I had been in ten years. After dinner we went into the living room and Kathy took the floor. Motioning the girls quiet she announced in a formal voice, "In honor of the first night we are all together, the girls and I have decided to allow you the choice of who you sleep with this first night."

The alarm siren went off full throttle. No way was I going to make the Choice of Paris and forever after have the other two mad at me. Damn, that choice kicked off a war that lasted ten years. I ain't no fool. Thinking as fast as I could I said with equal formality, "Thank you for such an honor, which I am unworthy of, but I love all three of you too much to be able to make a decision like that."

Kathy smiled her little catbird smile. "In that case all three of us will join you tonight." The girls jumped up, grabbed an arm each and started dragging me to the bedroom. I looked over at Kathy and saw her wink. Hook, line and sinker again. She knew exactly what I'd do and had told the girls exactly what to do as well. The girls threw me on the bed and started peeling off my clothes as Kathy watched while undressing herself. When I was stripped the girls sat back to admire their handiwork. Kathy peeled off her panties and crawled up on the bed between my legs. My cock was at three-quarter stature when she bent over it and took it in her mouth. Their eyes were glued to the scene as Kathy sucked at the knob of my cock and ran her tongue around the length.

"Are you two going to sit there with your clothes on?" I asked.

"No!" "No way." They answered in unison and they threw their clothes off. Kayla was stripped first so I pulled her to me for a kiss. Kathy continued working my cock with her mouth. When Brooke was naked she glanced at Kayla and both girls attacked me showering me with kisses and licks. They moved south and joined Kathy at my cock. The girls took turns sucking my cock and fondling my balls as Kathy gave them pointers on technique.

Brooke had my cock in her mouth and Kathy was licking my balls so Kayla was just watching at the moment. I motioned to her. "I want to eat you," I said. She smiled and planted her knees on both sides on my face. I pried apart her labia and shoved my tongue into her pussy. I was rewarded with a flood of her juice. I ran my tongue around her clitoris teasing it before stabbing and licking her little button.

I felt Brooke mount me cowgirl and slide down over my cock. I was fucking both girls, one with my cock and the other with my tongue. Brooke was bouncing on my cock as I sucked Kayla's clitoris into my mouth. I fucked her with my lips while sucking and lashing it with my tongue. She went crazy bouncing around on my face. I had to hold her down so I could keep sucking her. I was flooded with her cum as she went stiff above me. I licked her slowly as she came down from her orgasm. Her whole body went slack and she fell to the side still moaning from the intense cum. Brooke picked up speed and I felt her pussy ripple around my cock as she went over the top before collapsing on top of me. Her pussy continued to shudder around my cock as she came back to earth.

I felt Kathy slap her on the butt, "My turn. Don't be a hog."

Brooke sighed and rolled over next to Kayla as Kathy mounted me. She held my cock straight up and aimed it at the heart of her pussy. As she slid down it she moaned, "Oh, God. That feels so wonderful. Hmmm." Kathy took her time slowly fucking herself. I reached up and softly pulled and played with her nipples.

Brooke and Kayla were kissing. I watched as Brooke twisted around and moved over Kayla into a sixty-nine. Brooke's tongue lashed out at Kayla's red and wet pussy. Watching my daughter and her best friend, who was also my lover, was exciting me beyond description. My whole body tingled watching my baby girl lap at her friend's pussy.

Kathy continued her slow dance on my cock taking it deeply and then sliding it along her clitoris. She started to pick up speed just a little and her eyes closed as her whole body went tense while she very deliberately ground her pussy against my cock. A low moaning keen floated from her throat as she shuddered and then threw back her head. I tweaked her nipples hard and her cum rippled through her. Her head fell forward and then she collapsed onto me.

I petted her back as she recovered. But the girls beside us distracted me. Kathy opened her eyes and saw the hunger in my look fixated on the girls. She smiled. "Still hungry dear?"

I smiled back, "Looks like it."

"I better get out of the way so I don't get trampled in the rush," she said quietly in my ear.

After Kathy lay beside down me, my desire to have Kayla took over. The girls were still in their sixty-nine. I rolled toward them and then knelt behind Kayla. Brooke was lapping at her pussy as I moved closer. She saw my cock aiming toward Kayla and broke off to hold open Kayla's pussy as my cock found her opening. Kayla's head snapped back and she looked around.

"OH! God, yes! Fuck me." I slid into Kayla as she dropped her head to lap at Brooke's pussy. Brooke kept her tongue working on Kayla's distended clitoris as I pumped her pussy. The double fucking quickly sent Kayla to the crest and I felt her pussy clasp my cock like a vise. Her orgasm rippled along the walls of her pussy. That sent me over the edge and I exploded into her grasping pussy. Shot after shot I spent my cum in her. I slammed into Kayla one last time as I spent my last drops of cum.

Holding my cock deeply in her, I heard Brooke from below say, "Jesus. I could see them cumming. I could see his cock cumming in Kayla." I pulled out of Kayla. Brooke's gaze was fixed on my cock and Kayla's pussy. As I left her she fell to the side. "God that was something," she said.

I fell back against the headboard drained.

Brooke's hands went down to her pussy. Kathy looked over and asked, "Did you cum baby?"

"No. Kayla kinda got distracted," Brooke answered.

"Let me help baby," Kathy said as she lay between Brooke's outstretch legs. Her tongue lanced out as she buried her face in Brooke's pussy.

"Yes. Please make me cum." I watched entranced as Kathy went to work on my daughter's pussy. Her mouth was glued to Brooke's pussy and her hands snaked up to grab a nipple in each hand. She twirled and pinched her nipples while fucking her pussy with lips and tongue. Brooke was already close and soon her hips were bouncing and her stomach was undulating in time with the lapping of her pussy. Her breath came in short gasps, her hands dug into the sheets and she came explosively. Kathy's face was awash in girl cum as Brooke mashed her pussy against Kathy's face.

When Brooke stopped Kathy lifted her head. She was a sight, her face glazed with Brooke's cum and a smile on her lips.

"Come here," I said. She rose to her knees and crawled over to me as Brooke whimpered out the last of her orgasm. I pulled Kathy to me and kissed her tasting my daughter on her lips. Kathy snuggled into my side after our kiss. Kayla had recovered and snuggled into my other side. Brooke joined us by crawling over me.

She and Kathy shared a quick kiss, "Thanks, Mom," she said.

Kathy looked surprised and then she realized what Brooke had said. She pulled her back for another kiss this one of affection. "You're welcome daughter."

Kayla threw her arms around Brooke, "That means were really sisters now," as she kissed Brooke. The three women started crying and kissing and hugging each other while I just tried to keep breathing buried as I was under their squirming bodies.

When they finally calmed down, I pulled Kathy to one side and Kayla to the other as Brooke settled in the middle on top of me. "I guess we really are a family now."

Kayla looked a little apprehensive and asked, "Can I call you Daddy?"

I kissed her forehead, "Yes sweetheart. Of course you can."

She smiled a wicked smile that reminded me of Kathy's smile when she had just out-maneuvered me. "That's good." She reached down and wrapped her hand around my cock. "I've always heard that incest is best. I can't wait for my new Daddy to fuck me and find out if it really is."

Kathy and Brooke started giggling and Brooke told her, "Take my word for it. It is the best."

Kathy looked over the pile of bodies and pulled my face to hers for a brief kiss. "Well honey, looks like we're going to need a bigger bed."


Pages: Prev | 1 | 2 | Next

Your opinion is important:
Share with the others what you think about
"Brooke, Kayla and Me"
     
Switch to Expanded voting form
The End
Posted: 2002-10-29
Home - Top   Feedback to author
