Chapter 1

I guess this story all started a little more than a year ago. My husband bought an old car that he found for sale on the internet. I thought he was being pretty silly. I couldn't imagine spending that much money for a car that was almost forty years old and in such horrible shape. It was a 1969 Dodge Superbee, whatever the hell that is. We drove out with a friend to look at it and when I saw it I thought he had lost his mind for sure. It was in pieces. The guy that owned it had started to restore it. But it didn't appear that he had gotten very far.

My husband, Dale, wanted it because his father owned one when he was a kid. He loved the car and he has always wanted one of his own. The car had a lot of sentimental value for him.

We have been married for five years now and he got lucky when he graduated from college. He found a very good job and progressed up the ladder rapidly. We have plenty of cash to play with now so I guess I can't really complain about the minor extravagance.

Dale's friend owns a large, flatbed trailer. They wrestled the car and its various parts onto the trailer, tied it all down and we took it home with us.

It turned out that the car was in better shape than it looked when it was scattered around that guy's barn. With the help of the local classic car club Dale had it restored and looking like a new car in a little under a year. It was actually a beautiful car. I was surprised.

It also sounded great. I loved the deep throaty sound it made almost as much as my husband did. There was something exciting about it, something that made your blood flow a little faster. And it was the most powerful car that I had ever ridden in. I'll never forget that first ride I took in it when Dale floored the accelerator and I sank back into the seat as if I were in a rocket bound for the moon. Damn that thing was fast!

After restoration of the car was completed we started going to shows with the friends we had made in the car club. There were local car shows about once a month and we often drove to nearby cities to attend larger shows. A lot of the guys also had custom motorcycles to exhibit. Those were a growing part of the show as well.

The car club was a pretty close knit group. We did a lot of things together and I was kind of glad that we had gotten the car. I don't know much about cars but I soon found myself having fun with it too because we all were such good friends and there were so many parties.

Things didn't start getting weird until we went to a show in a nearby state. It was being held at a county fairground in a medium size town. We caravanned up there with our cars and motorcycles on trailers. This time, however, instead of staying at local motels as usual we planned on camping on a portion of the fairground that had been set aside for our club.

I had some pretty mixed feelings about that. I am twenty-four years old and have never gone camping. I had no desire to start. I like my creature comforts. I'm fond of a nice soft bed and a clean bathroom that I can go to in the dark without getting up and getting dressed.

I thought about skipping the show but I let myself get talked into going. The way the outing was described to me it sounded like it was going to be a big two day party. So Dale and I went shopping for a tent and sleeping bags and all of the assorted paraphernalia required for civilized people to go camping in relative comfort.

We had our own flatbed trailer by now. Dale carefully loaded the Superbee for the trip. We all met up at the local K-Mart parking lot and after a brief discussion of the route we headed for the show. There were only about a dozen couples going this time. Usually there were several more than that but several of the wives didn't want anything to do with camping out. There also the usual half dozen single men that were members of the group.

We left after work on Friday and got to the fairground in about three hours. When we arrived a guard checked our paperwork and was kind enough to show us to the camping area that was set aside for our group.

It was pretty primitive. They had set up a communal shower using some pallets for flooring, canvas walls and hoses. They brought in half a dozen port-o-potties and lined them up nearby. I hate those things! Someone had been nice enough to stack up a bunch of firewood for us though. That came in handy.

We set up the tents and rolled out the sleeping bags. Then we built a campfire and we sat around drinking beer, talking and joking and relaxing before we went to bed.

I am not sure who started it. I suspect it was Glenn. Somehow we started talking about doing things for charity, things like raffles and the like to collect money throughout the year and at the end of the year we would turn it all over to a charity in one lump sum.

The method they seemed to have settled upon for their first effort and started talking about that evening was having an auction. Once that was decided they began trying to think of what they could auction off.

The beer was flowing pretty heavily and I guess that was why so many people thought it would be fun to auction off the wives for the weekend, one wife per weekend when we went out of town for a show. The auction wouldn't be open to the general public. It would only be among the other members of the club. Each wife would be auctioned off and then she would be the slave of the person that bought her for the entire weekend.

I personally thought that was more than a little demeaning. But thanks in large part to the alcohol I am pretty sure, a lot of the other ladies seemed to think it sounded like fun. Don't misunderstand, I am not a prude. I'm not even all that much into women's lib. I have competed in wet t-shirt contests and gotten a kick out of it. In fact, I won one of them and I believe that I would have won another if my B cup boobs had not been competing with a set of double Ds.

A few times I have flashed truckers on the highway. I did it at my husband's urging. But I enjoyed it too. Every now and then when we went out dancing I'd wear something maybe a little too daring. I do it because my husband gets a kick out of it. But usually I get turned on by it too. Still, showing off a little is one thing. I didn't like the sound of this slave idea. And there didn't seem to be a lot of rules.

They kept talking it up and trying to figure out how it was going to work and before I knew what was going on that son of a bitch I was married to offered to put me up for auction. Right now!

I kept insisting I wouldn't do it. But my protests were ignored and somehow I ended up standing next to Carl in the firelight and he was taking bids. Everyone was laughing and joking and having a great time. I was pretty nervous. I was also more than a little pissed at my husband. I would have been pissed even if he asked me to go along. But he didn't even ask!

The bidding started out pretty low. But I think to everyone's surprise it rapidly became intense. The bids began to climb swiftly to an embarrassingly high figure.

I should mention here that owning and showing classic cars can be an expensive hobby. A lot of these guys had a lot more money than sense. Still, I was shocked when Glenn finally won me with a winning bid of twenty-five hundred dollars!

I like Glenn. He is funny and personable and pretty easy on the eyes. He is also something of a male chauvinist pig.

I looked at Dale, wondering what the hell he had gotten me into. All I saw was pride. He didn't have a clue what I was going to have to go through this weekend. He was just so fucking proud that his wife had produced such heated bidding and such an outrageous winning bid.

There followed a bunch of crude jokes about the kinds of things I was going to have to do for Glenn this weekend. Everyone but me seemed to think it was exciting. Even the other women!

Glenn came up and claimed his prize. He led me back to his chair and pulled me into his lap without any hesitation. Despite my earlier protests it never occurred to him that I wouldn't go along with this.

At first he just held me there with his arm around me and teased me about how much fun he was going to have this weekend with his sexy young slave. Glenn is almost fifty. I imagine it has been a long time since he had his arms around a girl my age.

He pretty much behaved himself at first. But over the next hour I had to get up and get us both a beer twice. He insisted that I keep up with him. As the night wore on his hands started moving to places his hands weren't supposed to be.

I tried to discreetly discourage him. Not only did he ignore my protests, but the rest of the club was watching us and they kept insisting loudly that I was property now and could not object. Even my husband took Glenn's side! He had no idea how much trouble he was in when I got his ass home!

I was dressed in a loose fitting crop top, a pair of loose terry cloth shorts and panties. It's the perfect outfit for long car trips and camping out. Until you end up being pulled into the lap of a man who is twice your age and who has been divorced for more than a year. A man that has a very good idea of what he needs a woman for.

By the time he ordered me to get us each our first beer I was grateful. His hands were getting to be a real problem and he didn't care who was watching.

I got up and looked through the coolers until I found the right brand of beer. As soon as I returned he pulled me right back into his lap and took up where he left off, attempting to work his hand up under my top or inching it slowly higher and higher on my thigh while I struggled to protect myself without making a scene.

It wasn't very long before he had a hand crawling up under my top and teasing the underside of my breasts. A lot of things started to work to Glenn's advantage right then. My husband seemed to be enjoying the show as much as anyone else, the bastard. The other people in the club were urging Glenn on. Even the women were encouraging him.

Then there was the fact that Glenn was, as I said, pretty good looking and in very good shape for a man half his age. There was one other thing working for him as well. He is a very dominant person. He is one of those people that always seem to be in charge and always the center of attention.

Here is where I feel that I need to mention one of my favorite fantasies. Not even my husband knows about it. I suppose one of the reasons that I objected so strenuously to being auctioned off is that my most erotic fantasy is that I am totally under the control of a man like Glenn. Someone who is strong and self assured. A man, not to put too fine a point on it, who is selfish, concerned only with his own desires.

I've had slave girl fantasies since I started stumbling through puberty. In other words, the idea of being totally submissive to a dominant man turns me the fuck on. I never intended to explore those fantasies, though. My conscious mind was fully aware of just how demeaning they were.

Now I found myself sitting in front of my friends and my husband with a friend openly groping my breasts. It appeared that some of the women were beginning to get uncomfortable with what was happening right in front of them. But only a few of them disapproved. Most were still urging him on. The men weren't having any second thoughts. Not even my husband.

I wasn't really surprised that Dale seemed to be enjoying the show. He was drinking and we had a history of me flashing guys to turn us both on. But I was worrying more and more about how far this out of control train was going to travel.

By the time we finished the last two beers that I obediently fetched for us, Glenn had pulled my top up over my breasts. He was enthusiastically encouraged by all of the men gathered around watching and in response he slipped my top up over my head and tossed it away.

By that time, because of all of the reasons that I just listed, and because of all of the beer, I had given up any hopes of fighting Glenn off. I stopped trying to push his hands away and made the decision to teach Dale a lesson. Besides, I was getting turned on.

We finished our beers and Glenn made it clear that he was about to take me to his tent. I wasn't expecting that! I thought that I would still be spending the night with my husband. I am apparently the only one that thought that, though. He was met with a chorus of complaints from the disappointed voyeurs when he started to say goodnight. So he agreed to have one more beer before turning in.

He set our empty bottles down beside his chair and helped me to my feet. Before I could go get us two more beers though, he reached out and slipped my shorts off so fast it made my head spin.

I was left standing in a pair of thin, blue, nylon bikini panties. When I started to protest he said, "If you want to keep those panties on for a while, you had best go get us another beer."

There was actually applause from the rest of the members of the club! I was embarrassed and incredibly self conscious as I moved to the other side of the fire and dug two more beers out of the cooler. I felt everyone's eyes on me.

But as embarrassed as I was, I was twice as excited. I was glad that it was so dark that no one could see how damp the crotch of my panties must have been.

I hurried back to Glenn. It wasn't that I was anxious to get back into his clutches. I was incredibly embarrassed about having so much of my body on display in front of all of my friends. I thought that at least if I was sitting in his lap with his hands on me I wouldn't be making such a spectacle of myself. What can I say? I was drinking.

As soon as he pulled me back into his lap his hands started exploring again. His hands moved slowly down over my breasts and down my stomach. He easily wedged my thighs apart and began to slide his large fingers up and down my moist slit. As he did he started whispering to me, telling me in a leering voice how much fun he was going to have this weekend. He told me how hot he thought I was and how horny he was. He sounded completely serious when he told me all about how his big cock was going to ruin me for any other man.

I could feel his substantial cock under my ass. It did feel very large. I was so turned on now that even though I was probably more embarrassed than I have ever been in my life I hoped he wasn't all talk. I've never had the pleasure of experiencing getting fucked by a man with a large cock. I'll be honest and say that I've wondered about it. I imagine that most women wonder about it.

I didn't turn loose of my virginity until I was in college. I slept with four men in college. Dale was the fourth and last. All of them had cocks within what I knew to be the normal range. They were all six or seven inches long and about an inch in diameter, give or take. I liked sex right from the start and I enjoyed the sexual experiences I had.

I especially enjoyed sex with Dale. He is a considerate lover and willing to learn and experiment. But I doubt if there is a woman out there that doesn't wonder what it would be like to be taken by a large, strong man with a big cock. And now, everyone here tonight knew that I was about to find out.

The conversation had pretty much come to an end. Now everyone was staring at my nearly naked body and the things that Glenn was doing to me. It was the strangest situation that I could ever imagine. I could never explain why I let this happen to me. I won't even try.

When we finished the last beer that I had obediently fetched for us, Glenn pushed me to my feet again. With the same surprising speed as earlier when he removed my shorts he reached out and quickly slid my panties down and made me step out of them. There was another round of applause and then he led me to the nearby port-o-potties. We both emptied our bladders before he took me by the hand and led me past all of our friends to his tent.

The fire was dying down as we returned to the tent area from the portable latrines. Almost all of our friends were still sitting around it, though. Nearly everyone was watching Glenn and me as we returned and said goodnight. He led me to his tent and held the flap open for me. I crawled in and found myself lying naked on his sleeping bag while he stared down at me and undressed, standing outside where all of our friends could see him.

But I was no longer concerned with the rest of our car club. I slipped my sandals off and I was ready. God was I ever ready!

I watched Glenn undress in anticipation of seeing that large male organ that he bragged about for the last hour or so. The throbbing male organ pressed against my ass with increasing urgency for the last couple of hours. When he dropped his pants and shorts and I saw his large cock for the first time I whispered under my breath, "Holy shit!"

He heard my exclamation and smiled. He bent down and entered the tent, dropping his clothes on the ground nearby. Then he stretched out beside me and inched closer. He took my hand and wrapped it around his cock. It never occurred to me to resist. I had no intention of giving him a hard time now. By my presence in his tent it was obvious to him and the rest of them out there that I accepted my fate. I was Glenn's slave now.

As I slid my fingers up and down his hard shaft, openly intrigued by its size, he asked, "You ever have a cock that big before little lady?"

I shook my head. It was longer than any cock I'd ever seen. It was between eight and nine inches long. The amazing thing though, was how fat it was. At the head it was twice as thick as my husband's cock. It got fatter and fatter until at the base it was at least three times as big around as my husband's. It almost wasn't human!

I stared at it in awe for several minutes. I moved my hand up and down over it until his shaft and my hand were covered in the slick liquid that was oozing from the large hole in the very tip.

Then, without any encouragement from him, I moved down and began to kiss it and then lick it lovingly. He watched me and as I worked his cock with my tongue I kept glancing up and seeing the lust on his face. I could see how much he wanted me and that turned me on even more.

I finally spread my lips around the head of his cock and forced my lips down over it as far as I could. By the time the head of his cock reached the entrance to my throat I only had a little less than half of his cock in my mouth. My lips were spread so far apart that it was painful. I was afraid that his cock was going to dislocate my jaw!

I started hearing funny noises and it was probably a minute or more before I realized that they were coming from me! I was making some kind of whining animal like noise as I tried to force more and more of his cock into my mouth.

While I was doing that, Glenn was sliding two fingers in and out of my juicy slit and I didn't know what to do. I wanted to taste his cum. I wanted to feel it fill my mouth and shoot right down my throat. Yet I was so impatient to get his magnificent cock in my pussy that I was humping back against his thick fingers. I desperately wanted to feel myself stretched around his cock. I wanted to feel his large body looming over me, taking me, truly making me his slave.

It wasn't up to me though. Everything I did this weekend was up to Glenn. I was his, bought and paid for. Fortunately, Glenn couldn't wait any longer either. He was as anxious as I was to get his cock inside of me.

He pulled me back up beside him, pushed me down onto my back and scrambled up on top of me. He rested his weight on his elbows and his knees and he said, "It's time, slave. Put the head of my cock in your juicy cunt. I'm going to give you the ride of your fucking life."

I eagerly reached between us, grabbed his cock and lined it up with my soaking wet slit. When he felt the head of his cock wedge at the entrance to my vagina he stared down at me. With our eyes locked he said in an egotistical voice that really turned me on, "Here it comes, bitch. You are never going to forget this moment, not as long as you live."

He started slowly forcing his cock into me. My arms came up and went around his back and my legs wrapped around his thighs. I started crying out loudly and I didn't care who heard it!

I must have had two orgasms before his cock was buried all the way in my pussy. I had never felt anything like it. Hell, I had never even imagined anything like it! It was the most wonderful feeling that I've ever experienced. What happened after that was just a blur of lustful, orgasmic images. I came and I came, over and over. I screamed out my lust and I yelled at him to fuck me harder. He really knew what he was doing and he had an incredible amount of stamina, too. It was the most fantastic sexual experience of my life, so far anyway.

By the time he finally tensed up and came in me I was as limp as a dish rag. I lay there under him as he stretched out over me, supporting his weight on his arms and his knees and I moaned in pleasure. I reached my head up and licked the sweat from his chest and mumbled incoherently.

When his cock finally softened he rolled over onto his back. I sat up and got to my knees. As if mesmerized I leaned down and kissed his magnificent cock, licked it adoringly and made groveling noises. I don't know what Dale had in mind when he offered me up for sale to our friends. I can tell you that right there and then I resolved that there was no way that I would go the rest of my life without doing this again!

It had not been my intention when I started licking and kissing Glenn's nasty cock. But I ended up licking his beautiful cock clean. When I was done he pulled me down beside him. He smiled down at me and said, "That was the most fantastic fuck that I have ever had, Kelly. I am telling you right now, there is no way that I am not going to be getting more of that sweet cunt after we get home. I don't care if I have to rape you."

I smiled at him and said, "I was just thinking the same thing. Don't worry, Glenn. It won't be rape."

Then he did something that was totally unexpected. He reached down and scooped up the large volume of cum that was oozing out of my pussy and said, "Open your mouth, slave."

I did! I knew what he was going to do. It was something so nasty that I couldn't even contemplate it. I didn't refuse, though.

His fingers moved into my mouth and I eagerly sucked them clean. He repeated the process until my pussy was clean. He talked quietly to me while he fed me his cum. He told me how hot I was. He told me what a slut I was. He told me how he was going to train me right this weekend.

I just groaned lustfully and sucked his fingers as I stared into his eyes and held his huge cock in my small hand. As I moved my fingers up and down his shaft I felt it twitching and growing and I smiled. There was no doubt in my mind that I wanted more.

Glenn turned over onto his back and ordered me to suck him off. I instantly moved back into position and took his big cock in my mouth. It wasn't so hard at first. His cock grew quickly, though. Soon I was back to sucking the top half of his cock and moving my small hands over the other half, working frantically to please him.

I had only been sucking Glenn's cock for a couple of minutes when the flap on the tent was pulled open.

I was startled and I started to pull away. Glenn didn't grab me or attempt to restrain me. He calmly ordered me to keep sucking, taking for granted that I would obey. I nervously returned to pleasing his cock with my mouth and my hands. But attention was divided. I heard someone undressing in the dark behind me.

I didn't know who was sharing the tent with Glenn. I had forgotten all about the sleeping bag on the other side of the tent. Now I knew that one of my male friends was watching me suck Glenn's big cock and getting undressed. I was not surprised at all when I felt strong, calloused hands on the cheeks of my ass and a cock sliding in and out of the gap between my thighs. I wasn't upset, either.

I never even thought to resist. I spread my thighs willingly and soon I had a nice cock fucking me from behind while I sucked Glenn off. Whoever it was that had just joined us must have had a lot to drink. It took him a very long time to cum. I tried not to pay any attention to him. I tried to concentrate instead on pleasuring the large cock in my mouth.

It was difficult, though. I was quickly being brought to another orgasm. I couldn't help it. I love being fucked doggy style. I can feel the cock massaging my G-spot and it drives me crazy.

I started moaning in pleasure and I was just about to cum when I felt Glenn thrust his hips up and start shooting a massive load of cum down my throat.

I was so startled by the amount of cum that I forgot all about my own orgasm and struggled to swallow it all. It took me a minute to gulp down his cum and then I knelt with his softening cock in my mouth and devoted my attention to the cock in my pussy. It was at least another five minutes before the man fucking me from behind reached orgasm. I came twice before he filled my hungry pussy with another load of cum.

He pulled out of me and collapsed on his sleeping bag and I finally saw who had just fucked me. It was Jerry, one of the bikers in our group. I lifted my head from Glenn's lap and moved over and sucked Jerry clean. His cock wasn't nearly as large as Glenn's. It was much larger than Dale's though.

When I Jerry's cock was clean I started to stretch out beside Glenn. He stopped me and told me that I wasn't done yet. He informed me that a good slut would never waste a pussy full of cum.

I grinned at him and said, "I certainly want to be a good slut, master."

I reached down and scooped up Jerry's cum and ate it from my fingers. It took me three scoops to get it all. Then I stretched out beside Glenn and we quickly went to sleep. I wasn't wearing a watch, but it must have been around one or two in the morning by the time we finally quit fucking around. We were all exhausted, especially me.

I woke up in the morning to find Glenn throwing the sleeping bag open and moving his hands over my body possessively. I glanced over at Jerry. He was lying on his side watching closely.

I was stone cold sober now. I would have thought that in the light of day I would be having second thoughts. I realized, however, that I was looking forward to this weekend as much as he probably was. I had no regrets, unless you count having lived twenty-four years before experiencing such bliss.

Remembering the events of last night I know that there is not another set of circumstances that I can imagine ever having sex with anyone but my husband. And I never once contemplated having sex with two men at the same time. But it happened and there is no way to deny to myself that I loved it. That doesn't mean that when I leave this tent and face my friends I won't be embarrassed. But I don't care.

I resolved to be just as big a slut as Glenn wanted me to be. No matter how humiliating it was. I still wanted to punish Dale for getting me into this. But I have to be honest. That wasn't why I was submitting to Glenn so easily, so completely.

I can't deny that I craved this treatment now. I remembered last night vividly. I thought about how vocal I had been when Glenn was fucking me. All of our friends must have heard me. Hell, people all over the fairgrounds must have heard me!

I couldn't help wondering what Dale thought of his sex slave wife now.

I soon lost my train of thought as Glenn got back on top of me and I reached down and helped him work that massive slab of meat into my tight hole. I was more than ready and quickly put my arms around him and began to loudly urge him to fuck me harder.

It was every bit as wonderful as it had been last night and I didn't care who heard me screaming in pleasure. Neither did Glenn. He must have been pretty well satisfied last night. He lasted a long time this morning. I probably came a dozen times before he finally filled me with another load of his hot cum. And I wasn't quiet about it.

As soon as he rolled off of me I took his softening cock into my mouth and cleaned him again. After I sucked his cock and his balls clean I reached down to scoop up his cum. It had begun to run out of me and was just starting to run down my thighs. He stopped me and ordered me to leave it there. I knew instantly what was on his mind and I smiled broadly. He wanted all of our friends, and my husband, to see how well fucked I was.

I looked over at Jerry to see if I was going to be required to service him as well. He smiled and said, "I'd love a little more of your sweet ass, Kelly. But I have to piss too badly. Don't worry, we have all weekend. And Glenn is a sharing kind of guy."

Glenn started getting dressed, but I didn't have anything to wear in his tent except my sandals. I put them on and went out in the cool morning air to find my clothes. I guess Dale had picked them up. They were gone.

I watched Glenn as he stirred the ashes and got the fire going again. The sun had just come up. It would be hot soon. For now though, it was a little too cool to be taking a cold shower. The warmth of the fire felt good on my naked skin.

I started for my tent after I had warmed up a little. Glenn asked, "Where are you going?"

I told him that I needed to get something to wear but he smiled and said, "Not yet. Not until after your shower."

I moved closer to him and the fire and kept warm as I felt his cum dribble down my thighs. It wasn't long before more of our group started stirring and coming out to stand by the fire or rush to the bathrooms.

As the men came out they all stood around and stared at me with obvious signs of lust and more than a little jealousy. Most of the women seemed to be amused. A couple of my lady friends were embarrassed and strangely enough I felt sorry for them. They actually seemed more embarrassed than I was.

I don't mean to give the impression that I was already that blasé about being naked in front of everyone. I was more embarrassed than I can find words to describe. I was so embarrassed that my skin tingled, probably from blushing so hard. I was so embarrassed that I was having trouble breathing. But I was living my deepest darkest fantasy. I was in a constant state of arousal. I both hated and loved what was happening to me.

But even though some were embarrassed, none of our friends objected to my being so vulgarly displayed. I was a bit concerned because there were probably kids in some of the other camping areas. But I decided that it wasn't my problem. I waited anxiously for Dale to come out of our tent and see what kind of night I had enjoyed. I couldn't wait to see the look on his face.

I was still just a little bit mad with my husband for offering me up like this, especially because he did it without consulting me. But I was grateful, too. And I was honest enough to admit to myself that if he had suggested it to me I would have refused to go along. So I knew in my heart that once I settled down I would be glad that he didn't give me a choice. In many ways I already was.

Now I was more worried about how the events of last night and this morning would affect our marriage. I still love Dale very much. I would hate it if this weekend damaged our relationship.

He must not have slept well. When he finally came out he looked pretty tired. He also looked pretty embarrassed. He came over, stood near me and nervously asked, "Are you okay?"

I smiled and loudly exclaimed, "Jesus, Dale! I am a whole lot better than okay!"

That got a laugh from most of the group.

He was quiet for a minute. He looked down at the mess on my thighs. Finally he asked hesitantly, "Are we okay?"

I was relieved that he asked. I smiled at him and said, "I still love you, Dale. I was pissed at you last night. Right up until Glenn took his pants off. I'm not mad anymore. I'm telling you right now, though, I am his slave this weekend and I am going to do anything he tells me to do.

But it doesn't end here. You are probably going to hate this. But when we leave here it isn't going to be over. I don't love Glenn. He's a caveman. I will continue to love you if you still want me. But I love the way he made me feel and I have no intention of giving that up. Anytime he wants to fuck me from now on all he has to do is order me to undress. I hope you can live with that."

Dale didn't answer. He hadn't anticipated that reaction.

Half of our group was out of their tents and standing around the fire now. They heard me warning Dale that I was going to keep fucking Glenn when we got home. Most of the men seemed amused by that. Some of the women seemed shocked. Others, though, seemed to find that very interesting.

They had to have heard me last night, and this morning. They must wonder what it was he did to make me sound like that. I expected to be pulled aside by more than a few of them in the next couple of days with some pretty personal questions.

Once the sun was up it warmed up fast and the women who were so inclined went to the makeshift shower. It was just a dozen wooden pallets for a floor and a five foot canvas wall for privacy. The water was in large drums on wooden supports and was fed down by gravity into half a dozen shower heads though hoses. There was no hot water, which would make taking showers in the evening from now on a much better idea.

But more than a few of us needed to shower this morning because, I believe, I had turned a lot of people on last night with my passionate cries. I saw a lot of guilty looks. I think that there must have been a lot of sex going on last night.

I started to get my soap and towel and join the ladies, but Glenn said, "Hang on. You wait for me. I need someone to wash my back."

So I ended up waiting and taking my shower with half a dozen men. That was fun!

Dale was in my group and he watched as Glenn soaped me up and then I soaped him up. When he saw the size of Glenn's cock he looked shocked. He finally understood what all of the noise was about last night.

We showered as quickly as possible. The water was cold as hell. Then I dried Glenn off and finally I dried myself off. The guys all got dressed inside the canvas enclosure and we went back out to stand by the fire and warm up again.

I remembered my clothes from yesterday. I asked Dale if he picked them up and he nodded. I started again to go and get some clean clothes. But Glenn said, "Go and get your things and bring them here. I'll decide what you wear today. Then you can put your things in my tent."

I obediently went to my tent and grabbed my overnight bag. I brought it out to Glenn and handed it to him. He opened it up, looked through it and he handed me a bikini bottom and a tank top. He said, "Put these on. They'll do for now. I'm pretty sure we can find something more suitable when the vendors open up."

I had been avoiding looking around since I returned from the shower. I knew that everyone was staring at me. I could feel their eyes roaming my naked body. I was especially nervous about meeting the gaze of the women I had gotten so close to in the last year.

I glanced around now, though. I couldn't help it. I kept seeing movement and it was drawing my eye. I saw a lot of people walking past on the nearby narrow path that passed through this area. They were heading up the path towards the area with the vendors. The vendors were located on either side of the path between our campsite and the buildings where the cars and motorcycles would be on display, once we got up there and unloaded them.

Most of the growing crowd that was passing by was looking at me. There appeared to be a lot of teenagers among them and that kind of made me uncomfortable. I seemed to be the only one that was uncomfortable, though. Of course, I was the only one that was naked. I was the one that would go to jail if the cops came down here to arrest the naked lady.

I didn't have much to put on. And I was surprised by how exciting it was to be naked, especially when I was the only one exposed this way. But I took my time getting dressed. I stepped into my bikini bottoms and slowly pulled them up, snugging them against my body. Then I pulled the tank top on and I was ready. The top was made of thin jersey. It wasn't sheer. But my hard nipples were obvious through it. It ended half way between the lower curve of my breasts and my bikini bottoms, leaving a lot of flesh on display. But from the comments Glenn was making I doubted that I would be wearing it long. He intended to find me something more revealing to wear from the vendors after breakfast.

We decided that, rather than try to make an edible breakfast at the campsite we would go up to the vendors and find something to eat there.

We went out to the path. It's a six foot wide paved path that loops all the way around the fairgrounds. It wends its way past the vendors to the exhibit halls near the front of the fairgrounds. It leads past the exhibit halls and then circles back around through the camping area. The camping area was just a grassy field all the way in the back of the fairgrounds. This is probably where they parked the vehicles when the carneys came to town.

The vendors were already set up in tents on both sides of the path where they would be selling all kinds of stuff. A lot of it is car and bike stuff, since that is what the show is all about this weekend. They also sell leather goods and biker patches and t-shirts and just about anything else that you can imagine.

Everyone in our group was walking behind Glenn and me as we strolled up the path. Glenn had his arm around my shoulder, his hand casually draped over my breast. As we walked he gently massaged my breast.

The vendors were only just starting to open for business. We didn't plan on stopping at any of their tents yet. We had talked it over and decided to eat and set up our cars for the show before checking out the vendors.

But we had not gone very far when Glenn spotted something in one of the tents and pulled me over there. Our entire group stopped and watched Glenn pick up a tiny piece of cloth. It was a bathing suit called a Wicked Weasel. It was semi-transparent and covered almost nothing!

He looked through them and selected a bright red one. He ordered me to put it on, right then and there. A tremor of near terror washed over my body. But I took off my top and my bikini bottoms and handed them to Dale. Then I stood holding the weasel thing up and trying to figure out how to put it on as strangers came to a sudden stop all around us to watch.

The salesman couldn't have been happier. He helped me into the suit, taking advantage of the opportunity to feel me up liberally as he adjusted it. When I had it on I looked down at myself. I was almost naked! The vendor, who had been squatting down in front of me adjusting the cloth over my damp pussy, stood up and pointed out a full length mirror set up nearby. I cautiously approached it. I knew that I really didn't want to see how I looked.

I was right. I might as well have been naked! I shook my head in disbelief, turned to Glenn and said, "There is no way they won't arrest me in this!"

Glenn smiled, but it was an evil little smile. He was enjoying my obvious discomfort as much as he enjoyed my near nudity. He shook his head and said, "No. They won't bother you. Not as long as you stay inside the fairgrounds."

The salesman assured us that the suit was legal in this state. But I could see my nipples plainly and my pubic hair stuck out on either side of the tiny strip of cloth that covered my slit.

Glenn looked me over and said, "That won't do." Then he turned to the salesman and asked, "Do you have a razor we could use?"

The salesman went into his little camper behind the tent he was working from and came back out with his personal razor, some shaving cream and a damp towel.

When he returned, Glenn asked the guy if he would like to do the honors. With a big smile he squatted down and pulled the suit away from my pussy. I held it out of the way while he dampened my entire crotch and then soaped up my pubic hair. I didn't have a lot of pubic hair, thankfully. I have naturally blonde hair and my pubic patch is a thin covering of fine blonde hair which hides nothing. It was gone quickly, despite the fact that he was taking his sweet time and thoroughly exploring the entire area, even up inside of me with his thick fingers.

After he stood up I turned back to look at myself in the mirror. I could see my slit clearly. I shook my head in disbelief and turned around. I searched through my crowd of admirers and found Lyle, the member of our crowd who is a lawyer. I asked him what he thought.

He shrugged and said, "My legal opinion is that what you are wearing is not legal. You could be arrested for indecent exposure. But I have been going to these things long enough to know that, as Glenn said, you will probably get away with it in here. Come on, Kelly! You have been with us long enough to know that they encourage this kind of behavior in these places."

He was right about that. Women frequently wore things at these car shows that they wouldn't wear anywhere else in the world. Hardly an even passed without a wet t-shirt contest. We all cut loose at these things to some extent. But never before like this!

"What about all the kids?" I asked.

Lyle replied, "They don't let kids in without a parent if they are younger than sixteen. And they have signs at the gate warning of the possibility of seeing nudity. It isn't that uncommon at these things."

My friend, Lisa, was standing nearby. She chuckled and said, "You might as well wear it. You already lost all of your pubic hair."

She was wearing a wide grin and I couldn't tell if she was getting a kick out of my discomfort, or maybe she was just a bit jealous. I think she was finding this amusing.

I shrugged and Glenn considered it settled. He put his arm around me again. We headed up to the area where all of the food vendors were parked. The number of people following us had more than doubled. I was just grateful that they hadn't opened the gates yet. The people gathered around were all exhibitors or other campers. They would open the gates soon though and it was going to get a lot more crowded in here.

When we got to the top of the small hill where all of the food vendors were clustered we staked out several large picnic tables. Glenn handed me some money and told me to get him a coffee and a breakfast burrito and to get whatever I wanted. I went and got in line. Lisa followed close behind me.

As we inched forward she said, "You have a really pretty ass. I never realized it before."

I smiled and replied wryly, "It was never totally exposed in public before."

She drew closer then and quietly asked what I knew she and a lot of the other women in our group were dying to know. "Girl, what the hell happened to you in that tent last night?! I never in my life heard sounds like that!"

I pulled her closer, put my arm around her shoulder and quietly said, "I have never in my life made sounds like that!"

Then, in as few words as possible, mindful of the men standing around staring at me and trying to eavesdrop, I told her about Glenn and the huge slab of meat that he had mastered the use of. I also told her that I had already informed my husband that from now on, even after we got home, I was Glenn's to fuck anytime he wanted me.

She looked shocked and said, "Oh no! You didn't! What did he say?"

"Nothing yet. I told him that I loved him, and I do. But there is no way that I am going to give up Glenn and the magic cock. It's Dale's fault. He pushed me into this without even discussing it with me. Now I guess we just wait and see."

When I got to the front of the line I had to repeat my order twice. The young guy in the order window seemed to be having trouble concentrating. I placed my order and paid. I waited for my change and then moved down and picked up the food and coffee at the next window. I carefully picked up the cardboard tray and turned around to take the food to the table.

I was surrounded by men of all ages and descriptions. They were all staring openly at my nearly naked body. I was self conscious. But I have to be honest. I was in a constant state of arousal. I smiled graciously and lifted my tray up over my head.

I said, "Excuse me, boys." Then I carefully worked my way through the appreciative crowd, watching their eyes take advantage of the opportunity to explore my body.

I made it back to the table and sat down beside Glenn. We ate quietly, listening to the comments of the fairly large crowd.

He kept glancing at me and finally he exclaimed in amusement, "You're having a fucking ball, aren't you?"

I put my hand on his large thigh. I leaned closer to him and responded quietly but emotionally, "If someone had told me yesterday that I would do what I did last night, and what I am doing now I would have called them a fucking liar. I am not this kind of person. The answer to your question, however, is fuck yes! I'm having a ball. I am being degraded and humiliated and used and I have never been so aroused in my god damn life!"

"I heard what you told your husband this morning. I'm going to hold you to it. I wasn't kidding earlier. You are the hottest fuck I've ever had. You are pretty, and young, and sexy. But beyond that, and more importantly, you are a cunt. I love cunts."

I wasn't completely certain how he would define a cunt. But I smiled and said, "You sweet talker you."

We finished eating and when everyone was ready we went to our exhibit hall. We began unloading and setting up our cars and bikes. The halls weren't open yet. The only people besides us in the building were the security guards. I felt very secure because the guards were both hanging around me all morning.

At ten o'clock they opened the gates to the fairgrounds and the crowds started streaming in. I spent my time alternating back and forth between Dale and Glenn. Dale and I didn't get to talk much about our strange situation because wherever I was, most of the crowd was. I got a few disapproving looks from some of the women coming in to look at the cars with their husbands and boyfriends. But it was mostly the older women that gave me the dirty looks. They younger women seemed to think it was amusing that I was all but naked.

I was surprised at some of the compliments I got from a lot of them. I suspect that I sold a lot of weasels for that guy over the weekend. I had to tell a lot of people which vendor provided it and where he was located.

Once I got over my embarrassment I had the most fun watching the guys watching me. Some of them tried to be discreet and cool and act like seeing a nearly naked young woman hanging around was nothing special.

Some of them were embarrassed and hardly looked at all. The guys that had women with them tried the hardest to be discreet about it. But they looked. They all looked.

Some of them, the more brazen among them, had no shame at all. They stood right in front of me and stared openly. Their remarks about my body and how much of it was exposed were quite crude and suggestive. It was a little embarrassing. Because I knew how much of me they could see. But it was exciting too. Once I got used to it I kind of appreciated their honesty.

Glenn sent me out for lunch later. Dale got someone to watch over his car and he went with me. We were still followed and stared at. But he finally got a chance to ask me a couple of questions.

"Kelly, I guess I screwed up. I got excited last night thinking about you and Glenn. You know it always turns me on when you show off. But I am scared now. I don't want to lose you."

I responded honestly, "I told you, Dale, I don't love Glenn. I love his cock and the way he fucks me. I like the way he treats me like shit. It turns me on. I love you, though. I don't want to lose you either. But I was being totally honest with you this morning. I have no intention of doing anything behind your back. I'm not going to give up Glenn's cock, at least not for a while. Do you think you can live with that?"

He looked pretty glum. He obviously wasn't happy about it. I could tell that he wished that he hadn't started all of this last night. I have to admit I got a lot of satisfaction from that. I wanted him to regret it. I had not yet totally forgiven him for putting me in this position without discussing it with me. I was having a great time. But that was beside the point.

Dale replied, "I guess I am going to have to. I'm sorry I started this. But I love you and I won't let you go. No matter how much you humiliate me."

"Sweetheart! I'm not doing this to humiliate you! Glenn may be, at least in part. But I am doing it for the sex. I know you heard me last night. You said so. I made sounds I didn't know that I was capable of. I made them for a reason. I have never been so thoroughly fucked in my life. I never imagined it could be like that. I don't want to hurt you. But you got me into this and I like the situation that you forced me into. I am not getting out voluntarily. I told Glenn, any time he wants to fuck me he can. He thinks I'm hot. He said so. At least for a while I suspect he is going to want to fuck me a lot. I'm sorry. I love you and I don't want to hurt you. But I am not just going to let him fuck me. I am going to beg him if that's what it takes."

Dale looked pretty upset. Not mad, but sad, depressed. I felt bad for him. Right now though, I didn't care if his feelings were hurt. I was walking around nearly naked in front of hundreds of people, including a very large group of my close friends. I was doing it because Glenn ordered me to. Doing it was making me so fucking hot that I wished he would bend me over the hood of his car and fuck me right there in front of everyone in the place!

I got our food from a vendor and I waited for Dale to get his before walking back to the exhibit hall. As he walked up behind me I heard him say, "You look so fucking hot. I wish I could fuck you right here and now. Your ass has never looked sexier. I don't think I have ever wanted to fuck you this much. Not even the first time."

I swished my ass around for him and then he came up beside me and we walked past all the gaping mouths and admiring faces to our exhibit. I sat at a small table with Glenn and Dale and we ate our burgers as we watched people come in and admire our cars and bikes. The cars attracted most of the attention. But I still remained an attraction too.

When no one was looking, Glenn reached over and uncovered one of my nipples. I sat there with one nipple exposed as people, men mostly, came up and asked the guys about their cars.

They may have been talking about cars. But they were staring at my exposed breast the entire time. I felt my face get red. It's funny though, because even with that tiny strip of nearly transparent cloth covering my nipples they were clearly visible. Yet somehow, having the cloth moved away and my nipple exposed made me blush.

After we ate, Glenn put up a sign saying he would be back soon. He stood it up near the sign that described his car and its attributes. He put his arm around my shoulder again and we went out to look at the other exhibits. Each club had its own building to exhibit their vehicles in.

There were car clubs here from all over the east coast. Even though up until recently I had not been much of a car person, I was slowly coming to appreciate them. As we toured the various exhibit halls I saw some really beautiful cars.

Glenn knew a lot of the people who had cars on display. He has been restoring and showing cars for quite a while and I guess it is a pretty small fraternity. Many of the other car owners greeted him warmly and gaped at me while they talked cars. They often got around to discussing me. When the people found out that I was Glenn's sex slave for the weekend they couldn't believe it, despite the way I was dressed.

Once, when a man that seemed to be a particularly good friend of Glenn's refused to believe it, I ended up on my knees in the men's room with my breasts exposed, sucking his friend's cock with a dozen men watching in disbelief. It was the sort of things that my most erotic fantasies were made of. I nearly had an orgasm sucking that complete stranger's cock and listening to the obscene comments from the growing group of men that surrounded us.

We took our time and visited all of the exhibits. We must have been gone at least an hour. Before we went back to our exhibit hall we walked down the path to our tent and went inside. I was out of that weasel in seconds. Glenn stripped down and fucked me doggie style after I sucked his cock for a few minutes.

I have always liked doggie style. It is comfortable for me. I don't have a lot of weight on me, although sometimes I like the feeling of being overpowered and taken that I get when a man gets on top of me. When I do it doggie style I like the way a guys balls sometimes bounce against my pussy while he fucks me. I like the way my lover's cock massages my G-spot. More than that, though, the position is just a bit degrading if you stop to think about it and that turns me on too.

It was like a whole new position when I did it with Glenn, though. His big, thick cock plumbed new depths and once more I found myself crying out in a haze of lust as he held my hips and fucked me violently. His big balls swung between my thighs with every thrust. They came up and gently slapped against my clit. I submitted eagerly and once more I heard myself making helpless animal sounds and having one wonderful orgasm after another.

When he finally came, filling me with his potent seed, I shivered beneath him and thanked Dale under my breath for selling me to this large, virile man.

After Glenn finally pulled his cock out of me, I turned around and cleaned him eagerly. He started getting hard again but he smiled and pushed me away and said, "That's enough for now, slut. We need to save something for tonight."

I grinned up at him affectionately and said, "Yes, master."

I reached down and scooped up some of his cum and as I stared lustfully into his eyes I greedily licked my fingers clean. When I reached down for more he stopped me.

He held up my tiny suit and showed me the crotch. It was wet from my day of excitement. He said, "Leave a little bit in there to seep out onto your new outfit. The wetter it is the sexier you look."

I didn't think it could get any more transparent. But it didn't matter. I wouldn't have argued with him if he had ordered me to go out naked.

I messed with the suit for a few minutes and finally figured it out on my own this time. Once I got it on, we left the tent and headed back to our exhibit hall.

On the way past the exhibitors we stopped and he bought two more of the Wicked Weasels. For such tiny little things they were pretty expensive. He liked them, though. And to be honest, wearing them kept me so fucking horny that I liked them too.

We stopped on the way back in and he bought something to eat for the two of us and at my request he got something for Dale. Poor Dale had no one readily available to relieve him for food and bathroom breaks.

We once more occupied a small table inside and the three of us ate together. You would have thought that the two men would be uncomfortable with each other. But that didn't seem to be the case.

Once I had assured Dale that I still loved him he must have felt more free to enjoy watching me as I was turned into a slut. I was beginning to suspect that he may have fantasized about something like this for a while, though he never mentioned it to me. The two of them had been friends since we joined the car club and they seemed to be getting along just as though Glenn was not fucking his wife and parading her around nearly naked.

After we finished our greasy meal of fair food we lounged around for a few minutes. Dale finally noticed the crotch of my suit. I saw the look on his face and I looked down to see that my crotch was soaked and there were a few streaks of cum actually running a little way down my thigh.

I smiled at him when I looked back up and then I noticed the crotch of his pants. His cock was as hard as a railroad spike. It wasn't as long or as fat as Glenn's. But as I said, he has a very nice cock and he has always satisfied me with it. His hard on was very obvious.

I said, "That must have been a pretty good supper, Dale. You don't usually get a hard on from food."

He chuckled and instead of replying he turned to Glenn and said, "Glenn, she is yours for the weekend, of course. But she told me that you can fuck her any time that you want after we get home. I'll admit that came as a shock. I've been thinking about it though, and I guess I don't have a problem with it. But I was wondering if I could talk you into sharing your bitch. I have been running around here nearly all day with a hard on and it's really getting painful."

Glenn smiled and said, "Certainly, Dale. I am deeply indebted to you. Come with me."

He grabbed my arm and pulled me across the exhibit hall. We ducked into the men's room. Right there in front of a dozen more men he pushed the suit down off my breasts and pushed me down over the sink counter. He pulled the little string that went through the crack of my ass out of the way. He smiled at Dale and said, "She's all yours dude, help yourself."

Dale looked around the room and saw all of the people watching incredulously. I thought he would be too nervous to do it. But he smiled, pulled his cock out, and fucked me roughly, right there in front of everyone in the men's room.

He shuffled up behind me, dipped down and slipped his cock into me and drove it in to the hilt in one violent lunge. I groaned in pleasure and started to close my eyes and lay my head down on the counter. Glenn stopped me and ordered me to keep my head up and look in the mirror at all of the people watching us fuck in a public men's room.

People were cheering him, cheering both of us on, and I loved it. I came twice before Dale finished. Then I showed him my new trick. I dropped down and sucked his cock and his balls clean.

Dale groaned in pleasure as I laved his family jewels for him. Finally he put them away and I stood up and covered as much of myself as I could with the weasel. We walked out to the sound of applause.

As we left the restroom, people nearby heard the applause and turned to look. Many of my friends saw me coming out of the men's room. But by now it didn't really matter. They already knew what kind of a weekend I was having. They may not know all of the particulars. But they knew that I was not just a slave to Glenn. I was a sex-slave.

I was a very willing sex slave and I was way beyond enjoying it. I was, in fact, deliriously happy. I was enjoying being paraded around nearly naked and being fucked in the men's rooms. And we won't even go into how I felt about what happened last night.

I imagine that what made it so strange to them is that I have probably been one of the more conservative women in the group. Or at least I have been up until now. I suppose that we were all wondering what has gotten into me.

I grinned when that thought crossed my mind. I know exactly what has gotten into me. Glenn's wonderful cock has gotten into me. It has gotten into me very far and I have never enjoyed a fuck that much in my life. I suppose they all knew that. It must have been obvious from the sounds they heard coming from that tent last night and again this morning.

We went back through the crowd, me with cum leaking out of the crotch of my one tiny article of clothing. The people in the room parted before us and stared in awe as we went past.

Dale was kept pretty busy after that. He had been busy all day. It seems that MOPAR is underrepresented at these shows and his Superbee was very popular.

I waited around with Glenn, listening to people come up and visit with him. A lot of the people were exhibitors who we had spoken with earlier. But most of them were just people who liked his perfectly restored 1969 Z-28 Camaro convertible. He received some pretty fantastic offers for it. Dale received some amazing offers for his car too. But these people didn't need money and they loved their cars.

The exhibit halls finally closed at six. The vendors were still open for another two hours and most of us started making the circuit, checking out the vendor tents. Much of the merchandise available was guy stuff. There were a lot of parts for cars and bikes and a large selection of t-shirts. Many of them were decorated with offensive things written across the front. There were several vendors selling costume jewelry. But I am not a jewelry person. I have my engagement ring and my wedding ring and my watch. Those are the only items of jewelry that I ever wear.

At one of the vendors the girl was selling jewelry for pierced navels and nipples. I saw a glint in Glenn's eye and I quickly steered him away from there. We made the entire circuit. Some of us bought t-shirts. One of the guys bought some car parts for another car he is restoring.

For the most part, though, what we did was entertain the crowd with my nearly naked body. I was asked to pose for pictures with a lot of guys and with Glenn's encouragement they often got carried away. It was all done in fun, though. And it was fun. I enjoyed posing for pictures with strange men feeling me up or leaning down and nipping at my nipple.

We were all tired of burgers and hot dogs. We took up a collection and one of the couples volunteered to go out and pick up a dozen pizzas and more beer. The rest of us sat around the rekindled campfire and talked.

I suppose that it was unavoidable that a lot of the conversation was about me. I had to field a lot of questions about my reactions to the events of the day, including twice having sex in men's rooms. Somehow everyone already knew about both times it happened.

Everyone was astounded at how well I seemed to be taking everything that Glenn could dish out. To be honest, the questions, or more to the point, the answers, talking about my feelings, that was the hard part. It was embarrassing to admit to my friends how much I enjoyed what everyone believed I was being forced to do.

We hadn't been back at the tenting area long before Glenn started pulling my suit off. I stood up and slipped out of it and sat back down in his lap.

No one was shocked anymore. But everyone was watching as he stuck his fingers in my sopping wet pussy and then into my mouth. There were still traces of cum from the two different men that fucked me today. My juices combined with those traces to coat my tongue. I felt so nasty, and so fucking horny. I could have fucked every man in our car club tonight. I imagine that would have pissed off some of my girlfriends. But I would have had to worry about that later.

I got up and got us both a beer. When I returned, Lisa was standing behind Glenn's chair with her arms around his neck. She had her lips near his ear and she was talking to him quietly. She smiled at me as I approached and said to Glenn, "The next time we have a charity auction I'm going to be feeling pretty damned charitable. I want to see what you do to make those sounds come out of Kelly's mouth.

Glenn smiled at her and said, "You don't have to wait. Come by the tent tonight. You can watch."

I saw her eyes light up. Lisa and I were pretty close. But I didn't know her husband Frank all that well. He has always struck me as being kind of aloof. I found it hard to believe he would permit her to watch, much less be auctioned off. I glanced over at him, though, curious to see if he heard his wife's offer and Glenn's response.

He was sitting nearby. Close enough to have heard Lisa talking quietly to Glenn. I was surprised to see that he was watching her and smiling. Maybe Frank was easier going than I thought!

Glenn looked over at Frank and suggested, "Why don't you take Kelly into your tent while we're waiting for the pizza? She's getting pretty agitated and could use something to calm her down."

I watched as Frank looked at Lisa. A knowing smile passed between them. The next thing I knew, Frank was standing up and I had Frank on one arm and Lisa on the other. They were leading me around the fire and into their tent.

Frank started undressing while Lisa helped me lay down on the large air mattress that took up most of the floor space in their tent. She stretched out beside me and smiled. Then she leaned down and kissed me sweetly on the lips.

I was a little shocked. I really hadn't expected that from her. But I returned her kiss and soon we were kissing passionately. That was another first for me!

Lisa kissed me and her hands explored my breasts. A woman was touching my breasts for the first time! It was amazing. It was so much different than being touched by a man. I really liked it. When Frank moved over me and got into position to fuck me she didn't stop. Her hand left my breast long enough to reach down and help guide his cock into me. Then she returned it to my breasts.

Frank turned out to be a very good lover. He's no Glenn. But he has a nice thick cock and he really knows how to use it. I've never been kissed by a woman before. But even more exciting, I've never been kissed by a woman whose husband was fucking me before. It was nearly as exciting as getting fucked by Glenn. She was a very good kisser but it was this erotic situation that was making me so hot.

I've been either having sex or being teased or just shown off like a stripper all day and I was very horny. So it wasn't long before I started cumming. For his part, Frank has been watching me all day and I guess he was pretty turned on too. He started cumming hard not long after I did.

I didn't know who to hug! I ended up with one arm around Frank's neck and one around Lisa's neck and crying out loudly as they made love to me. We stayed like that for a few minutes. Frank finally recovered enough to push himself off of me. He got up but before he could move away I grabbed his hips, pulled him close and sucked his cock clean.

Frank put his pants on and went back outside. Lisa and I stayed on the mattress, made out a little longer and talked quietly. I told her in more detail about how wonderful Glenn was. I could never give that up now. Lisa was shivering with lust as I stood up and we walked out.

The pizza had arrived and we ate quietly. Then Glenn ordered Lisa to come over and sit on his lap. When she obeyed he put an arm around her and asked, rather crudely I thought, "Do you like helping other women get fucked? Do you do that often?"

She smiled, not the least bit put off, and replied, "That was the first time. And yes, I enjoyed the hell out of it."

Glenn smiled at her candid reply and said, "I think I'm going to fuck one of you now."

While he was talking he started undressing Lisa. Lisa glanced quickly at Frank. Frank just smiled. So she let it happen. He pulled her top off and then he unhooked her bra and threw it on the ground. Lisa is a few years older than I am. She is a beautiful redhead and her breasts look like C cups, maybe just barely a D cup. She is so slender that it's hard to tell.

Glenn began playing with her breasts as soon as he uncovered them. Lisa closed her eyes and moaned at his gentle touch. After a few minutes he said, "I want you and Kelly to go take a shower. While you are gone I will decide who I am going to fuck."

Then he helped her to her feet and stripped her shorts and panties off with one swift motion. She walked in front of the fire, in front of all of her friends, naked for the first time now. She got her towel and soap from her tent. I rushed to Glenn's tent and got mine and we went to the shower area.

This was a much better time to shower. The water was warmer and so was the air. We started soaping up but Glenn stopped us. Lisa and I weren't paying any attention. We thought that we were alone. But Glenn called out from the side of the canvas enclosure, "Soap each other up good. Get me in the mood to fuck one of you."

I looked around and saw all of the men in the club, and most of the women, standing around the enclosure watching us. I turned back to Lisa and we moved into each other's arms and began to make out and soap up at the same time. It took a lot longer this way. But it was a hell of a lot of fun.

We finally rinsed and dried off and went back out to the campfire. When we reported back to Glenn he said, "I guess I'm ready to take you two into the tent now."

But he looked at our friends and added, "Unless the rest of you want to watch."

That sent a chill down my spine. A chill of excitement.

No one spoke for a moment. But finally Carol said timidly, "I'd like to watch."

I was shocked! Carol was the oldest of us girls, and definitely the most conservative. She saw our faces and she said defensively, "I've never seen anyone make love. I've never even seen a porn movie. If nobody minds, I'd like to watch."

Frank got up and went into his tent. He came back out a minute later with his queen size air mattress. He put it down near enough to the fire that there would be plenty of light. Then he picked up his beer and moved back to his chair.

Glenn looked around and said, "There is still too much traffic out on the path. If those of you who want to watch will stand so as to block the view from those two sides, we will start the show."

Everyone stood up and stood between the mattress and the path and the mattress and the nearest campsites. When everyone was in position Glen said, "Okay you two, get on the mattress and get started while I make up my mind."

It was one thing to make out like this in a tent where all of my friends could hear us. It was quite another to do it right in front of them!

But Lisa didn't hesitate. She took my hand and pulled me over to the air mattress. We lay down and started making out like a couple of horny kids and for the first time I caressed another woman's breast.

I would have thought that it would be no big deal. After all, I have breasts and I touch them all the time. But another woman's breasts feel different. I guess the most exciting thing is the way that they react when you touch them. It was very exciting to watch her getting so aroused, in large part due to my fingers and the things that I was doing with my lips.

We kissed and touched and I was so excited by what I was doing that I never heard Glenn undressing. But I knew when he took his pants off. I could tell by the gasps from the audience. I giggled and held Lisa down so that she couldn't see his cock and we kissed passionately.

Before long the mattress moved under Glenn's weight. He spread Lisa's thighs wide and started eating her out while I kissed her and kissed and sucked her tits. She started cumming almost immediately. It has been a very sexy evening and Glenn is a very good pussy eater.

I was pretty sure that he had decided to fuck Lisa. I felt a tiny twinge of jealousy. But I was happy for her and very excited about being a part of it. I didn't doubt that I would get many more chances to get fucked by Glenn.

I held her down and continued to kiss her as Glenn finally moved up over her. I reached down and guided his massive cock to her opening.

He slowly pushed the head of his cock into her and I moved my hand out of the way. He worked more and more of his cock into her, slowly, giving her time to adjust. About three quarters of the way in Lisa's eyes popped open and she loudly exclaimed, "Oh my god!"

That was almost the last intelligible thing that she said for the next half hour as Glenn fucked her into a stupor and she cried out and screamed into my mouth. She had one heart stopping orgasm after another while I kissed her and played with her breasts.

Glenn changed positions several times. Lisa was like a limp rag by the time he finally finished fucking her. She collapsed onto the mattress and sobbing and panting. She still had a glazed look of lust in her eyes. I felt so turned on just to have been a part of it.

When Glenn finally pulled out of her I cleaned him, which really got to the women in the audience. Then, after only mild urging from Glenn, I ate her pussy clean. I know that sounds gross. But I was so turned on that I didn't hesitate. And once I started doing it I found that I didn't mind at all. Quite the opposite. I loved it!

When the sexual high began to subside and we looked around at the faces of the other women, I was pleased to see that none of them were looking at us with disapproval. I had feared that this would be way over the top and many of them would be offended. As it turned out, they might not have the nerve to try it themselves but they certainly appreciated Glenn's cock for what it could do to us.

I was looking around at the crowd when I finally noticed that two of the faces I saw belonged to men who were not a part of our group. They were cops! Not security guards, real cops!

I exclaimed, "Oh fuck!" and sat up suddenly. Everyone turned to see what I was looking at and I heard someone exclaim, "Busted!"

One of the cops smiled and said, "That was the sexiest damn thing I have ever seen. I'm afraid I'm going to have to ask you to keep it inside the tents from now on though, folks, if you don't mind."

The cops were very nice about it. They talked to a few of the people for a while about the cars on exhibit. Then they left us alone.

As soon as they left everyone took a deep breath and there was a lot of embarrassed laugher. Frank put the mattress back in his tent. I looked around at everyone's faces and wondered what it would be like when we got home and got together for a regular club meeting. Would we all still be good friends? I hoped we weren't fucking up the club dynamic. We always have a lot of fun together.

Everyone started drifting off to their tents not long after that. It wasn't long before I started hearing the unmistakable sounds of sex coming from all around me. Glenn certainly did know how to get a party going. He grabbed my hand and we went into his tent. He stretched out on his back and ordered me to suck his cock again.

I took his soft cock into my mouth and started sucking. Jerry came in while I was sucking Glenn's cock. I heard him undressing behind me. He came closer, he was messing around with something for a minute and then I felt him spread my ass open and stick his finger into my asshole. His finger felt cold and slick and I realized that he was spreading a lubricant, preparing to fuck my ass.

I tried to pull my head off of Glenn's cock and tell him I didn't do anal sex. Glenn just held my head in place and for some reason I accepted that. I stopped struggling.

Glenn smiled at me and said, "That's a good girl."

I waited nervously as Jerry began stretching me out and lubricating me. He started with just the one greasy finger. Then, when I was used to that he inserted two. After a while I realized that he had three of his large fingers in me and it wasn't that bad. Maybe I could handle it.

I tried anal sex once with a lover in college. We didn't know what we were doing and it hurt like hell. I swore that I would never do that again. At the time I had not anticipated becoming a slave, though.

Jerry pulled his fingers away and greased his big cock up. He lodged the head of his cock into the crack of my ass, right up against the hole, and started pushing gently.

I tried to make myself relax. In a calm, reassuring voice Glenn said, "That's a good girl. It won't be so bad if you just let it happen."

I was trying to concentrate on sucking Glenn's cock and his hands on my tits. There was a sudden feeling that was more like an uncomfortable stretching than real pain and the head of Jerry's cock popped through the ring of muscle and lodged in my ass. I groaned, but more in fear than pain.

Once his cock was in place, Jerry leaned over me, reached around and started to play with my pussy and strum his fingers lightly across my clit. Much to my surprise, it actually started feeling pretty nice. I started to relax as the pleasure began to crowd out the discomfort. He must have felt my body begin to unclench and he slowly slid another inch of his cock into me before he stopped again. I had to assume that he has done this before. He was pretty good at it. Much to my surprise it wasn't even all that unpleasant.

I felt Glenn's cock starting to get hard again, finally. I was afraid that he'd reached his limit. I didn't know if my mouth was making the difference, or if he was excited from watching Jerry stretch out my ass with his thick cock. But it didn't matter why his cock was getting hard again. It only mattered that it was.

Jerry really took his time. There was no sudden, gut wrenchingly painful invasion of my ass. There was never any severe pain, just a slight feeling of discomfort. Except for that mild discomfort the only other problem was the feeling that I had to go to the bathroom. He took his sweet time getting his entire cock buried in me and he played with my pussy the entire time.

With Glenn's cock to distract me I actually found it kind of pleasant when Jerry finally started slowly fucking my ass. It would never replace the real thing. But it wasn't that bad. And I liked the idea of having two large cocks inside of me at the same time.

I started moaning around Glenn's cock. But it wasn't pain. It was pleasure. I guess it made a big difference if the guy fucking your ass knew what the hell he was doing. Jerry obviously did. He started picking up the pace and I picked up the pace with Glenn's cock. I was really starting to get into it.

It wasn't long at all before I realized that I was getting really turned on, both mentally and physically. Jerry was just as good with his fingers as he was with his cock. When I felt Jerry tense up and slam his cock into me several times and then stiffen up and I realized he was cumming in my ass I surprised all three of us by having my own orgasm.

Jerry finished cumming and held his position, keeping his slowly softening cock in my ass while I started devoting more of my attention to Glenn. Once I started showing a little more enthusiasm, Glenn started moaning and I knew he was getting close. He started lifting his hips and I responded by driving my lips farther and farther down his shaft while I teased his balls with my fingers.

I shocked all three of us again when suddenly the head of Glenn's cock slid into my throat. Glenn gasped and swore and I heard Jerry exclaim, "I'll be a son of a bitch! Look at what this cunt just did!"

It hurt my throat, but not as bad as I might have expected. I was more shocked than anything else. It probably wasn't as uncomfortable as Jerry's cock in my ass. I drew my head back and tried again and damn if it didn't slide right down my throat again!

I've never been able to deep throat. Not even a small cock. Well, by small I mean normal size cock. Compared to Glenn's, most cocks are small.

Now I was taking a little more of Glenn's monster cock down my throat with each stroke and he was swearing loudly as I buried more and more of it in my throat. Finally, just before he lost it, I had my lips buried around the base of his cock and he swore loudly, one last time. His ass came up off of the sleeping bag and he shot his cum straight down my throat.

I managed to keep his cock buried in my throat until he finished cumming. When he finished cumming I eased my mouth back and gasped for breath. I smiled up at him as I recovered from almost suffocating on his huge cock.

He was looking at me with an expression of awe on his face. A look, I might modestly add, that was well deserved.

He gasped for breath for a minute and then he said, "No fucking broad has ever been able to deepthroat my cock! Jesus Christ! That was fucking fantastic!"

I grinned up at him and then I took stock. I had just been fucked in the ass and not only was it not that bad; I actually achieved an orgasm from it! Then, my crowning achievement, I took Glenn's monster cock down my throat, something no other woman has ever been able to do. This has been a very educational weekend!

Dale had no idea how much he was going to benefit from my time with Glenn.

I started to stretch out beside Glenn, I was totally exhausted. But Glenn stopped me and said, "Whoa, girl! You have some cleaning up to do first. Don't forget your place."

I wasn't too happy about that. Thinking about where Jerry's cock had just been was kind of turning my stomach. I turned around and bent my head down to his crotch. I was relieved to find that it didn't smell any worse than if it just came from my pussy. Actually, all I could smell was the lubricant he used.

It was dark in the tent. I couldn't see well enough to know if there were any surprises there. I tentatively took his soft, slimy cock into my mouth. I didn't taste anything unusual. I tried not to think about what I was doing and worked quickly to get his cock clean.

Then I turned back around and Glenn let me into his sleeping bag. We were both exhausted. We snuggled up together and went to sleep almost instantly.

We didn't have sex the next morning. I guess I finally wore them out. I put on a light blue weasel and we gathered outside by the fire until it was time to go up and eat. It was warmer this morning. It was kind of pleasant actually.

Lisa came out of her tent. She and her husband had pitched their tent right next to Glenn's. She came over and sat down beside me. She whispered that she heard a lot of strange noises before she went to sleep last night and she was wondering what happened.

I was still pretty proud of myself. I told her about taking Jerry, who is nearly as well hung as Glenn, into my ass. Then I told her proudly about taking Glenn's pony sized cock down my throat.

She didn't believe me at first. She looked up at Glenn. The skepticism was written all over her face. He smiled and nodded.

She exclaimed, "There is no way I could do that! I guess you're a better slut than I am after all."

But she was just teasing. She meant it as a compliment.

I took it that way and thanked her.

Eventually, everyone was up and ready. We gathered by the path and started walking up to the vendor area to get some food. All of us were up, but we didn't seem to be really awake yet.

Never fear, Glenn had a cure for that. He knew just how to get our blood flowing this morning. He stopped at the vendor selling Wicked Weasels and picked out a transparent white suit and told Lisa to undress and put it on.

She grinned and quickly stripped out of her clothes. Once more the vendor eagerly assisted. Together they pulled the revealing little piece of cloth over her private parts. It was again necessary to borrow his razor. Once again he was all too eager to assist. He squatted down in front of Lisa and pulled the suit away from her pussy. He took his time soaping her up and then he carefully shaved off her pubic hair.

By the time he finished there was another large crowd gathered around and enjoying the show.

Before we continued up to the food vender area, Glenn offered to buy a weasel for any other woman in our group who wanted one. The only condition was that she had to put it on right there. There were several others in our group that would have looked good in one. Some of them even looked tempted. But he got no takers.

We went up to the food vendors and had a light breakfast of junk food and black coffee. We staked out a couple of large picnic tables and sat around making our plans for breaking down the exhibit when it closed up at four this evening and going home. One of the plans was that Jerry would drive Glenn's truck home and Glenn would ride with Dale and me.

We didn't have to set anything up this morning, so we had time to enjoy our coffee and goof off a little before the exhibit opened. Lisa and I stayed together and attracted a lot of attention. I noticed that the little piece of material over her crotch got very wet very quickly and even more transparent as a result.

I smiled at her and said, "You enjoy this shit as much as I do, don't you?"

She shook her head enthusiastically. Then she said, "Frank has tried to get me to loosen up and do some of this shit for a long time. He is a bit of a pervert. I have always been afraid to let myself go. When I saw how much fun you were having I just said 'fuck it'. Why should you have all the fun?

"It remains to be seen how this will affect our little club in the long run. But so far this weekend I am having a fucking blast."

"Yeah, I am too. I was really pissed at Dale when he volunteered me to be auctioned off. At first I was just going along to get even with him, teach him a lesson. Now though, Christ! I ate a woman's pussy for the first time. I got fucked in the ass and had an orgasm. I deep throated Glenn's huge cock. And I have been running around nearly naked for two days and either turning on or scandalizing hundreds of people. I fucking love it!"

They finally opened up the exhibits and we went in and hung around with the guys as they showed off and answered questions about their cars. I don't know how much Lisa and I had to do with it, but ours was easily the most popular exhibit today.

At two o'clock the prize committee announced the winners in the various categories. Dale won a lesser prize, but no cash. It was enough to keep him happy.

Glenn's car took second place in the show and he won a small amount of money. I doubt if it was enough to pay for the Wicked Weasels he bought. That was okay. He wasn't here for the money. He has been having nearly as much fun as I have this weekend.

At four they started closing up. The guys brought the trailers up and began loading up the cars and motorcycles for the trip home. The girls had all gone down to the campsite earlier and taken down the tents and packed everything up. When the cars were loaded on the trailers the guys drove them down to the campsite and we loaded up the camping gear. By five we were ready to leave.

We all piled into the vehicles and headed home. When Dale started getting serious about restoring and showing his car he bought a big pickup truck with a crew cab. It has a huge, luxurious back seat. That was where Glenn and I were riding on the trip home.

We had to keep our eyes on Dale. He kept watching us instead of the road. Finally Glenn told him that if he would pay attention to his driving he would make sure that he got a blowjob when he stopped at the halfway rest stop.

I was naked from the time we left the fairgrounds. For the next hour and a half I teased and pleased Glenn's cock. I pleased a lot of truckers too. I spent a lot of time with my butt pressed up against the side window while I sucked on his cock and Dale drove slowly past the big trucks. He kept the CB on and we listened to the truckers talking about my ass all the way to the mid-way rest stop.

We pulled in to the rest stop and I slipped on a pair of shorts and a crop top. There was a stampede for the facilities. After using the rest room I went back to the truck. I got in front with Dale and eagerly demonstrated my newfound deepthroat skills.

He came very quickly and it wasn't until I started backing out of the cab to get back into the rear seat with Glenn that I realized we had an audience. Several of the truckers we passed on the highway were gathered around watching me suck my husband's cock.

They were friendly and kidded about wanting a better look at my pretty ass. Glenn put me on my knees on the back seat with my legs sticking out of the door and after looking around to make sure no kids were watching, he pulled my shorts down to my knees and offered the truckers a chance to look all they wanted.

I guess they all had defective vision, because they were all looking in Braille. For the next ten minutes a large number of truckers stood around and took turns playing with my ass and sticking fingers inside my wet pussy.

It looked like we were going to have a gangbang pretty soon. But Glenn said, "Sorry guys, but we need to hit the road. If we had more time I'd let a few of you fuck the bitch. But it's getting late."

They were pretty disappointed. I was surprised to find that I was too. Glenn was about to make it up to me though. As soon as Dale pulled out on the highway I was naked again. Glenn rolled down the passenger side window and stuck my head out the window. He fucked me doggie style with my head out the window and my tits bouncing in the wind for a good half an hour. It was exhilarating and I had several long, loud orgasms before he finally came.

After he reached orgasm I turned around and cleaned him eagerly. Then I cleaned myself up in the usual nasty way. He was worn out by then. We had been playing for hours. He put his pants back on and climbed over the console and into the front passenger seat while I stretched out and went to sleep in the back. The next thing I knew we were home.

Dale parked the trailer and unhooked it from the truck. It was late and we were both exhausted. We decided to unload everything tomorrow after he got home from work. I made a light supper of real food. We ate, took showers and went to bed by nine.

I normally wake up when Dale does in the morning. But I slept right through on Monday. I didn't wake up until after eight. I got dressed and made coffee. After a couple of cups of coffee I felt more human. I went out and unloaded the camping gear from the trailer. I set the tent up in the back yard to air it out and hung Dale's sleeping back over the clothes line. Mine was unused so I just put it away. I took our bags inside and washed clothes. I didn't have many dirty clothes either, a couple of shorts and tops and two wicked weasels.

The only thing left for Dale to do when he got home was take the car off of the trailer and put it in the garage.

I went to the store and picked up some groceries. Then I went home, put them away and sat around thinking about all the things I did this past weekend, and the things that were done to me. I realized that I had no regrets, none at all.

Dale came home at the usual time. After supper he backed the car off of the trailer and put it away. Then he came in and took a shower. After his shower he came out to the kitchen naked and said, "I have been thinking about this weekend all day long. I couldn't concentrate worth a shit. I have never been so horny in my life. Come on bitch, let's fuck."

Dale would never have spoken to me that way before this weekend. He was the nicest, most considerate guy in the world. He didn't sound completely comfortable talking that way. But I liked that he was trying.

I took his hand and as we walked towards the bedroom I said, "Yes, master. I have had the same problem. I seem to be turning into a slut, and I like it."

He grinned and said, "Me too."

He nearly tore my clothes off and then he tossed me on the bed and jumped on top of me. He held my hands up over my head and shoved his cock into me roughly. As he fucked me we relived the things that happened to me this weekend and Christ it was hot! I came over and over and he just kept fucking me, even after he came and his cock was soft he still ground it around inside of me, pressing up against my pubic bone and I came one last time. We both knew that it had been the best fuck we ever had.

I lifted my head off the bed and kissed his chest, and then I licked the salty sweat off of him and moaned passionately as his pubic bone continued to grind against my clit and I came again. I couldn't take anymore after that. I was fucked out. I fell back onto the bed and told him how wonderful he was and thanked him for a very exciting weekend.

He rolled off of me, held me in his arms and said, "It wasn't planned. I had no idea it would go that far. Once I saw how much fun you were having, though, it turned me on just as much as it did you."

There was a pause in the conversation while we kissed. Then he said, "I wonder how long it will be before he comes to fuck you? I wonder if he will do it here or take you somewhere."

I've been wondering those same things all day. Just the thought of it hanging over me was exciting to me. I could picture all kinds of exciting scenarios. But the idea that we have given another man permission to come to our house and fuck me whenever he wants kept my juices flowing. I couldn't stop thinking about it. And every time I thought about it I became more aroused.

Lisa came over on Tuesday. We drank coffee and sat around and talked for a while. Lisa and I have always been good friends, at least since Dale and I joined the car club. But now we were especially close.

She was just as excited about last weekend as Dale and I were. It turns out that Frank and Dale must have a lot of the same fantasies. They both got a big kick out of watching what Glenn did to us, and let others do to us.

Lisa and I talked for a couple of hours. Then, and I'm honestly not sure how it happened, we ended up in our bed. It wasn't planned. But it was a lot of fun. We both got off on it. We both agreed that it wasn't as much fun as it was when we were doing it to entertain the guys. Lisa and I both discovered that we found the idea of having an audience very arousing.

I did get laid out of it, though. That night, when I told Dale what we had done, he pretty much raped me. I like being raped by my husband.

I didn't hear from Glenn until Thursday. He called me up and told me to be ready to go out when he came by Friday after work. He said I would be picked up at four. I was to wear my sexiest outfit. Well, he said sluttiest. It's the same thing I guess.

I made a special meal for Dale that night. While we ate I told him about the phone call from Glenn. Dale was almost as excited as I was. So, of course, we ended up in bed again. What can I say! A woman's work is never done.

I really liked the change in Dale since last weekend. He was much more forceful, more aggressive, more, I don't know, masculine maybe? I liked the change. Being taken really turns me on.

I spent most of Friday morning trying to decide what to wear before I decided I needed to go shopping. I didn't have anything that was really knock-your-socks-off slutty. I got dressed and went to a store that Lisa told me about called Sweet Nothings.

A pretty redhead met me at the door and asked me if she could help me find something. I told her I had a date this evening and needed something really slutty.

She smiled and said, "That's our specialty."

I followed her through the racks and she pointed out some really beautiful, imaginative and slutty clothing. The thing that caught my eye was a tiny little black silk slip. It was half lace and it would just barely cover my ass, if indeed it did cover my ass. I tried it on and it was really beautiful, and extremely sexy. The lace parts were pretty much see-through. They nominally covered my breasts. The lace also composed the bottom two inches of the flimsy garment. I looked in the mirror and saw that my nipples were plainly visible. I could also just make out the thin line of my slit.

I knew that Glenn would love it. There was just one question. Did I have enough nerve to wear it when I went out? The owner, Jo showed me a few more outfits. I saw a lot of things I liked. But I kept coming back to that silk slip.

Jo knew that I wanted it. She smiled and said, "If you have the balls, go for it. It's really beautiful, if you have the nerve. It won't work for you if you take it home and leave it in the closet."

I finally decided that if Glenn wanted slutty I couldn't get much sluttier than the slip. I bought it and told her I would be back when I had more time to pick out a few more things from her really great selection.

I went home and made Dale's dinner. I put it in the oven to keep warm and I went upstairs and got ready. At four o'clock I was standing, looking out the window by the door, waiting impatiently. I was too nervous to sit down.

At a couple of minutes after four I saw a stretch limo pull into my driveway. I grabbed my purse and as soon as the doorbell rang I opened the door. Glenn looked at me and his face lit up. He exclaimed, "Fucking beautiful!"

He grabbed my purse, tossed it on a table and told me that I didn't need it.

I followed him out to the car. I didn't even look to see if any of my neighbors were watching. The chauffer held the door for us, and got a nice view of my ass I'm sure.

I didn't have any idea what was planned for this evening, so I guess I wasn't all that surprised to find that there were six other men already in the limo waiting for me. Glenn introduced me to them but I didn't remember a single name.

I remember the looks on their faces, though. These men knew that I was a slut even before they saw what I was wearing. Glenn must have told them about me and they knew that they were going to get lucky tonight. As their eyes moved over my body it was obvious that they approved and were really looking forward to what was to come.

One of them pulled me into his lap and his hand was on my pussy before the limo got out of the driveway. I looked around at the men. They were all well dressed and I assumed from their appearance that under other circumstances they would have been reasonably sophisticated.

All of them were older than Glenn, in their fifties at least. They all looked pretty distinguished, though, and I thought that I just might have an interesting evening.

As I was getting gently mauled by the man who pulled me into his lap the straps on my slip slid down off of my shoulders and the man behind me leaned over and said, "Here, let me help you with that."

He pulled the straps and the top of my slip down, exposing my breasts. Until recently I have been self conscious about my breasts. I suppose most women would like bigger breasts, just like most men wish they had a larger penis. But the reactions I've gotten recently have made me more confident about my figure and the reactions of these men only served to reinforce my growing self confidence.

None of the men who could see my breasts at this moment seemed disappointed in the least. They were, in fact, quite complimentary. I relaxed immediately and went with it as I was felt up and kissed and slowly passed around.

We rode for nearly an hour in rush hour traffic, which means we didn't go very far. The limo pulled into a line of cars and I was surprised to see that we were lined up to go to a basketball game! The limo was waived out of line and directed to a different entrance than the one used by the hoi polloi. The chauffer drove down a private drive and we were let out at a secluded bank of elevators.

There were about a dozen men waiting for elevators as we climbed out of the limo. They stared incredulously as I approached them surrounded by seven well dressed executives. We got the elevator after theirs and I was molested all the way to the top floor.

When we got out of the elevator a cute young girl was standing in the lobby giving directions to the men that came up before us. She recognized the men I was with. It was obvious that she saw them in here regularly and she realized that they knew where they were going and didn't need directions. She smiled sweetly. You would never have known from her expression that a nearly naked woman was standing in front of her.

I was guided to a luxury loge which was already occupied by four men. I learned later that the four men awaiting our arrival were the CEO of Glenn's company and three senior executives. I was offered a drink and then placed in the care of the lecherous CEO.

Before he gently pushed me over to the CEO, Glenn said, "Kelly, I love your outfit. But you don't need it here. Remind me to return it when we leave."

He pulled my slip off over my head and I was then delivered into the hands of the CEO.

I looked around nervously at first. It was obvious that the loge was private. When I saw that I wouldn't offend any of the other sports fans I relaxed and quickly began to enjoy myself. I don't care for basketball. But then, I wasn't there to watch the game.

I listened as Glenn assured everyone that I was not a hooker. He explained that I was just an everyday housewife. I was the wife of a friend that was a member of a club he was in. I wasn't even a swinger, just a newly converted slut. That really turned the guys on. That, and the fact that I was attractive and less than half their age.

The men all took off their jackets and ties and waited their turn as the CEO took me in his arms and began pawing me. He had no special talent for it. But the situation was so damned erotic that I was really getting off on it. I had been shown off extensively at the car show last weekend. This was different. These guys were all going to fuck me. Or I was going to suck them off, or both. I was going to do anything they wanted for the next few hours. I was finally getting my gangbang. I just hoped I didn't kill anyone.

The CEO played with my body for a little while. But before long he stood up, bent me over a table and fucked me in front of his executives as they encouraged him. He was nothing special. But the situation was such a turn on that I started cumming not long after he started fucking me.

The six men from the limo and Glenn held back while the senior executives each had a turn at my pussy. When they finished and took their seats to watch the game for a while Glenn helped me up and sent me into our private bathroom to clean up. When I came back out I was tossed onto my back on the table. Things got a bit rougher after that. I loved it!

They took me two at a time then, one in my mouth and one in my pussy. They must have been informed that I could deepthroat. Each of them shoved their cocks all the way down into my throat.

So this was a gangbang! I loved that, too! I lay there on my back on that table and closed my eyes as the men pounded their cocks into me. I imagined that I was being raped by a gang of men. My body was wracked by one huge orgasm after another.

Several of them went around twice before they put their pants back on and took seats to watch the game. I cleaned up again and became a serving wench until someone decided that they wanted another piece of me.

Unfortunately, after the initial gangbang there wasn't a lot of sex. I brought them food and drinks whenever they expressed a desire. They never failed to explore my body with their hands. Unfortunately, once the game started they were actually watching it! I had fun though. And I got to drink a good bit of very expensive booze.

We stayed until most of the other fans left the stadium. I ended up sucking off the CEO, even though he didn't think he could get it up again. I proved to him that he could. He had heard about my oral skills and had never had anyone go deep on him. Well, to be honest, his cock wasn't all that big and the head of his cock just barely reached to my throat. But he enjoyed the hell out of it.

I got my slip back and we left. We walked down the deserted corridor and down to the nearly deserted parking area. The limos were waiting for us and we split up into two groups again. The ride home was a lot more relaxed than the trip to the game had been. I made the trip in the nude. But I was only nude to be decorative. Nobody had any energy left for more than enjoying the view.

We dropped all of the others off first. When it was just Glenn and me he asked if I had fun. I assured him that I did and he said, "Good, because we will probably do this fairly often."

We went to his house next. As he was getting out of the limo he told me that I was being dropped off last so that I could tip the driver.

I smiled at him and assured him that I didn't have a problem with that.

A few minutes later we pulled up in front of my house. The driver came around, opened the back door and leaned in. He was a young guy, or at least younger than all the other guys I've had sex with this evening. He was in his mid thirties I guess. He smiled and asked, "Is it okay? Mr. Roth said you wouldn't mind."

I smiled back at him and answered honestly, "I don't mind at all. Come on in."

I introduced myself and asked him what he would like to do. He said, "It's up to you ma'am."

Ma'am?! I smiled and dropped down between his legs. I helped him pull his pants and his underwear down out of the way. I uncovered a very nice cock. It was nearly as long as Glenn's but nowhere near as fat. I was easily able to take it into my throat. He almost passed out when he first felt the head of his cock slide down into my throat. He started swearing and breathing hard and his hips started coming up off the seat to meet my lips. He came in less than three minutes.

"Son of a bitch!" he exclaimed. "I have never, never in my fucking life felt anything like that!"

I looked up at him and said, "You must have been pretty horny. Would you like to try again?"

He looked at me like I had just told him that he won the lottery.

"Do you mean it?!" he asked.

I smiled and said, "Sure, this is supposed to be your tip. You did a good job. You deserve a good tip."

I took his still half hard cock into my mouth again and began making love to it. He lasted much longer this time. When he finally came again he collapsed back onto the seat while I licked his cock clean. Then he sat up and bent down and kissed me right on the lips.

I wasn't expecting that! He smoothed my hair with his hands and said, "That was amazing. You are amazing. Thank you very much. If there is a god, I will be working the next time they take you to the game."

"I hope so too. You are sweet and I enjoy tipping you."

While he put his pants back together I pulled my slip over my head. Then I kissed him on the cheek and thanked him for being so nice. He got out and helped me out of the car. He escorted me to the door like a gentleman.

Dale was waiting at the door when we got to it. He opened it and thanked the driver for being so considerate. He let me in, closed the door, hugged me hard and exclaimed, "First, son of a bitch you look hot! Second, son of a bitch you look hot! Third, did you have fun?"

I grinned, happy that he was so enthusiastic. I kissed him and said, "Offer me a drink and I'll tell you all about it."

We sat on the couch and he held my feet in his lap and massaged them gently while I sipped a glass of wine and told him everything that happened to me tonight. He was extremely jealous. He has never had an opportunity to watch a game from one of those private loges and would really love to.

I smiled and said, "Well, maybe if you would put out."

He cracked up. He said he would have to think about it. But he refused to wear the slip.

We put our glasses in the sink and went to bed. I told him that I had just enough energy for one more fuck if he was interested.

"I'm always interested. And I think that you might really enjoy this one."

We undressed quickly. I pulled back the covers and got in bed. Dale climbed up over me and lifted my arms over my head again. He knows how much it turns me on to feel helpless when I'm being fucked. So he stopped on the way home and he had a surprise for me.

As he held my hands over my head he reached up and almost before I realized what he was doing my arms were restrained by two heavy, black leather cuffs attached to the corners of the bed by chains. I squealed in delight. But he wasn't done. He reached under the pillow and pulled out a blindfold. He secured it over my eyes. Then he got off of me and secured my legs to the corners of the bed.

He still wasn't done. I heard him moving round. Then he stretched out beside me and started teasing and pinching my nipples. They quickly grew hard and he stopped what he was doing. He put clamps on them and secured them tightly.

I was moaning in pleasure by the time he was finished. I felt so helpless and so fucking turned on! I knew that he had figured out my deepest, darkest fantasy now. I struggled briefly. But only because I was supposed to be a helpless victim. Then I relaxed and surrendered as he began to tease my body with his fingers and his lips.

When he started working his way down towards my pussy I stopped him. I have been fucked quite a few times this evening. I cleaned up afterwards. But there are always traces that get left behind. I begged him to stop but he ignored me and soon he was lapping at my red, swollen, very well fucked pussy.

I couldn't help it. I screamed loudly and came so hard I thought that I would pass out. I wanted to take him in my arms and hold him and thank him for making me feel like this. But of course that was out of the question. I was restrained. I no longer had the use of my arms. That was why I felt like this! I don't know if you can follow that. It made sense to me though.

He ate me roughly, nipping and biting and licking and I went crazy. I had one giant orgasm after another. And when he finally climbed up on top of me and began fucking me violently, raping me, pounding into me brutally, I came one long last time. That last massive orgasm was so overpowering that I actually blacked out momentarily! God it was great!

He waited until I returned to consciousness. Then he crawled up and forced his wonderful cock into my mouth and I greedily sucked it clean. He finally had to restrain me and forcefully remove his cock from between my lips. I was sucking so hard he had trouble getting his cock out of my mouth!

He stretched out beside me then, and kissed me lovingly. We lay like that for a long time before he took off the blindfold and asked, "Did you enjoy your presents?"

I smiled at him through the tears in my eyes. I love my husband. But I don't think I have ever loved him as much as I adored him at that moment. I tried to let him see how much I loved him and I said, "Very much. Now tell me what I can do to repay you."

He laughed and said, "Sweetheart, you just did! Don't worry. I'm sure we'll do this again someday."

I begged him to take the cuffs off so that I could hug him and finally he did. I wrapped my arms around him and held him so tight. I told him over and over how much I loved him.

Then I sat up and took off the ankle cuffs. I went to the mirror and looked at my nipples in the clamps. They were numb now. But damn they looked hot! I started loosening them so that I could take them off. When the circulation started returning to my nipples I groaned in pleasure and pain. It felt so good!

I moved back to the bed, picked up one of the cuffs and examined it and the chain that was attached to it. I held it to my nose and breathed in the sexy smell of leather. Finally I turned to him and asked, "Was that a lucky guess, or did you know?"

"It didn't take a rocket scientist to figure it out. The way you like to have your arms held so you can feel helpless, the way you like to have someone take control of you. I saw how much fun you had this past weekend. This is just more of the same. I don't have a huge cock. I can't do for you what Glenn can. I can do this, though. I can still make you happy."

I threw myself on him and kissed him frantically all over his face. I said, "I never said you don't make me happy. You always make me happy. I love you. Maybe we should talk more. Just think of the angst we could have saved ourselves if we discussed our fantasies. If I knew about you wanting to see me with other men, being turned into a slut, maybe I wouldn't have been so stodgy. I thought I was being the wife that you wanted. If you knew about my fantasies before this weekend..."

I paused, overwhelmed with love and excitement. Then I said, "Now we know that our fantasies really go well together. All this time we wanted the same things and we never knew it."

I got up and went to the bathroom. I took a quick shower. It had been a long, sex filled evening and I really needed it. I returned to bed and we cuddled up and lay together holding each other for a long time before we went to sleep. I felt as happy as I was on my wedding night. I think it was even better now because I adore my husband and we knew each other so much better now. I knew that I was making him happy.

The next morning I got up and made coffee. Dale got up and came out to the kitchen. He grinned when he saw me sipping coffee in the nude. He came over and hugged me and said, "You have never looked more beautiful. This will always be my favorite outfit."

I got up and kissed my husband and poured him some coffee. Then I made breakfast. We ate and sat around relaxing and sipping coffee when the doorbell rang.

Since I was naked, Dale answered the door. I was surprised when he came back into the room and he wasn't alone. But it was only Lisa and Frank so I wasn't uncomfortable.

I stood up and gave them both a hug. They complimented me on my outfit. I got them a cup of coffee and served them at the table. Before we sat down and got comfortable I asked Lisa to follow me upstairs. I had to show her something.

I led her upstairs and showed her the slip I wore last night. She loved it and she suggested that we go back to Sweet Nothings and do a little shopping. I recommended that we take the men. I knew that Dale would enjoy it.

Then I showed her the presents that Dale gave me yesterday. Her eyes lit up and she got so excited. She picked up one of the cuffs and sniffed it, taking in that sexy leather smell and then she tried it on.

She stared down at if for a minute and then she said, "Fuck! This stuff makes me so hot!"

I grinned and said, "There are four of them, and a blindfold and nipple clamps. I came so hard last night I passed out."

I sat down beside her and asked her what was up. She doesn't usually drop by my place and Frank has never been here before.

First she apologized for not calling. They only came over because Frank heard about a Road Runner that Dale might be interested in.

I rolled my eyes and she laughed. But the truth was that I was starting to enjoy this car club thing as much as the guys were. I can guarantee that last weekend I enjoyed it more than ever before.

I looked at her and asked, "You don't suppose we fucked things up last weekend do you? I would hate it if people stopped coming to the shows and parties because of what I did."

Lisa smiled and said, "Relax. I've talked to some of the other girls. They are all actually pretty envious of you, of us. A lot of them said it was the most fun that they ever had at a car show."

"I'm so glad. I was afraid I might have really pissed some of the girls off. I'm only just starting to get to know some of them. Carol really surprised me when she said she wanted to watch."

Lisa giggled and said, "Carol's tent was on the other side of ours. You should have heard them after they went to bed that night. She tore her husband flat up!"

I noticed that Lisa still had the cuff on. She was enjoying the feel of it and I had an idea. I released her wrist, but I didn't let her stand up. I pulled off her t-shirt, without even asking. She wasn't wearing a bra. I pushed her over onto the bed and restrained both of her wrists with the cuffs.

She didn't resist. I could see her getting excited as I restrained her.

When her wrists were properly cuffed I unfastened her shorts and pulled her shorts and her panties and her sandals off all in one big clump of clothing. Then I secured her ankles to the bottom corners of the bed.

She was smiling up at me when I moved up and slipped the blindfold over her eyes. Once I had her the way that I wanted her I went over to the intercom. I called down to the kitchen and asked Dale and Frank to come upstairs.

Lisa shivered in anticipation when she heard me on the intercom. I moved over and began kissing her, her lips, her nipples, and her sexy flat stomach. I was just beginning to kiss and lick her pussy when I heard footsteps behind me. I turned around and invited the men in.

When Frank saw Lisa he smiled like I've never seen him smile before.

I said, "I just called you up here to ask if you thought I should put these nipple clamps on her too. Or if you would rather do it yourself."

Frank took the clamps from me and looked them over. He looked down at Lisa and said, "I have never seen her look more beautiful."

He handed the clamps back to me and said, "You are more informed about these matters than I am. What do you recommend?"

"I wore them for the first time last night. They are very exciting. I wouldn't want them on me every time I have sex. But once in a while they are a lot of fun."

I turned around and got back in bed with Lisa. I teased her nipples until they were hard. Then I attached the clamps and tightened them down. She had her first orgasm as I was tightening the clamps!

I got up and returned to Frank. I began to undress him and as I took his clothes off I asked, "Would you like to fuck your slut, or would you like to fuck me while you watch my husband fuck your slut?"

He thought about that for about a half a second and then he said, "Dale, I don't believe you have had an opportunity to fuck my wife yet have you? Please, make yourself at home. After all, I fucked your slut last weekend. It's only fair."

I don't think I have ever seen Dale undress so quickly before. I finished undressing Frank and moved into his arms while we watched Dale attack his wife.

We have a pretty big bed. But with Lisa right in the center of it there was no room for us. So while Dale fucked Lisa as hard as he could, Frank bent me over the side of the bed with my face right next to Lisa's and fucked me from behind. It was pretty intense. No one was talking. The room was full of the sounds of fucking. I was more conscious than usual of the sounds of flesh slapping flesh and grunting and heavy breathing.

Lisa had never been tied up and blindfolded before and I knew from recent experience just how excited she must be. She came loud and often as Dale pounded into her. It took me only a minute longer thanks to Frank's nice cock pounding into me. Before long we were all sated.

Lisa was lying on my bed moaning happily. Dale rolled off and removed her nipple clamps. After he removed the clamps I moved up over her and squatted down on her face. I moaned in pleasure as she eagerly ate her husband's cum out of my pussy. While she was doing that I leaned down and returned the favor.

Lisa and I had several more very nice orgasms before we finally had to stop. I slowly struggled to my feet and said, "Why don't we leave her like this and go out for a while."

Lisa started struggling then. She pleaded with me to let her up so that she could go to the bathroom. She told me it was either that or she'd wet the bed."

I laughed and unbuckled her cuffs. I helped her sit up. She took off the blindfold and asked, "Where did you get these? I want some."

I didn't know! I looked at Dale.

He smiled and said, "We're going out and look at a car this afternoon. If you come with us I'll take you to the place that sells these things on the way back."

Lisa smiled and exclaimed affectionately, "You boys and your cars!"

We went back downstairs and I made some Bloody Marys. We took them out by the pool and we all sat around in the shade while I told them about my night last night. After I finished filling in the details Lisa looked at Frank. Then she turned to me and asked, "Would you mind asking Glenn to invite me along the next time?"

I looked at Frank. He grinned and nodded. I really misjudged Frank. I think I owe him an apology.

The car they wanted to look at was out in the country about an hour from town. Frank had some complicated directions which we followed, almost without problems. We only had to turn around a couple of times. It didn't matter, though. It was the first time that the four of us have spent any time together and we were having a very good time.

We pulled up to an old but well kept farm house and got out. Frank and Dale went to the door and knocked. A tall, thin man of about fifty came to the door and they introduced themselves. The man came outside and Lisa and I got out of the car and joined them. He seemed pretty nice. He was a bit shy and very quiet. But something about him gave you the impression that he was very self sufficient.

He asked us to follow him and he led the way to a large shed. It took all three of them a long time to open the doors. They hadn't been opened in years. The only thing inside was the car. It was up on blocks and covered in canvas and blankets.

The owner carefully pulled the covering off of the car and there was a brand new 1970 Plymouth Road Runner. It had a 440 engine and a six pack. I don't know what I just said, that was what he was telling Dale. It was beautiful! He said it had less than three hundred miles on it. His twin brother bought it just before he got shipped off to Vietnam. He never came back. Their father put the car in the shed and covered it up and it has been there ever since.

Dale and Frank walked around the car. They had to be careful to keep from stepping on their tongues. Dale walked around the car twice. His eyes were as big around as dinner plates. There was a look of pure love on his face that almost made me jealous.

He stared at the car in reverent silence for several long minutes. Then he went over to the farmer and said, "I can't give you what this car is worth. I will do something for you, though. I would love to get it running for you. You could put this in any of the major auto auctions in the country and be set for life. But I'll be honest with you. You should keep this. This is a car that you have to love. It needs to be loved."

The man was watching Dale talk. I watched him watch Dale. He was evaluating him. He replied, "You love this car, don't you? You aren't buying it to sell are you?"

The way he said it they were statements, not questions.

You could hear the quiet awe in Dale's voice when he said, "No sir. I would never sell this car. It's a work of art."

The man shook his head. Then he said, "I feel bad about it being in here all these years. But I haven't been able to bring myself to get rid of it. I was in town a few months ago and your car club was having a show. I saw your Superbee. I thought to myself, 'That man loves that car. That's who should have the Road Runner'."

"You didn't have your name or anything on the car. But the car next to yours was this man's." He nodded towards Frank. "I finally called him yesterday and told him about the car and asked if you would be interested. I want you to take it. You pay me what you can for it."

Dale and Frank raced back to town to get the trailer. Lisa and I stayed and had a nice long talk with Alex. He talked about his brother a lot. It was really sad. He talked about his wife who died a few years ago. He has been alone on this old farm for years now. He doesn't farm anymore. He keeps the house up and he reads a lot.

He showed us his library. It was amazing. He has thousands of books. He reads about everything! And he remembers what he reads. He knows a lot about everything. It's funny. When you first meet him you think he's some kind of country bumpkin because of the way he dresses, the way he talks, his mannerisms. But he knows more about most things than anyone I've ever met!

Lisa and I tried to talk him into coming to town sometime. We invited him to dinner or to the car club to come see his car when Dale finished getting it ready.

He wasn't interested. He was used to being alone. It's a shame. He is one of the most fascinating men I have ever met.

While we were looking around in his library I spotted a stack of photographs. They were huge enlargements of black and white pictures, and they were beautiful!

I asked if I could look through them. He blushed, but he nodded.

I started pulling them out one at a time. Most of them were about three by four feet. The first dozen or so were landscapes. They were the most magnificent photographs I have ever seen!

The contrast, the composition, they were perfect. They moved me. Then I came to some that were portraits. I knew without asking that they were photographs of his wife, and that he had taken them. As I worked my way through the stack she was younger and younger. She was always beautiful. There were even a few nude figure studies.

I looked at the collection and thought, "These need to be shown! People need to see these!"

I turned and asked him if he had more.

He blushed again and nodded.

I suddenly said, "I want you to take my picture. These are the most beautiful photographs that I have ever seen! Please, I want you to make me look like that."

He blushed yet again and I could see that he was going to say no. I went over to him and said, "You have to show these. The world needs to see these."

He shook his head. There wasn't even room for discussion. I saw it in his eyes.

I put my hand on his cheek and said again, "Please, take my photograph. I want to see me through your eyes."

He hesitated for a moment and then he said, "It has been a long time. I haven't touched my camera since Diane died."

Lisa had gone over to look at the photographs, to see what I was so excited about. She came back over to where I was standing and I saw that she was as much in awe as I was.

We followed Alex out to the barn. He had converted a large portion of it into a studio. He got his camera out. It was an old, large format camera. It looked like an antique. He ignored me while he was setting it up. I was standing out of the way, calmly taking my clothes off.

When he had his camera set up he turned around and saw me standing there, waiting to be told what to do. He almost jumped out of his skin. I smiled at him and walked over to the area where he was set up and asked, "How do you want me?"

He took a deep breath, trying to ignore my nudity and calm down. He guided me into position and posed me without ever touching me. He moved all around taking light readings and adjusting lights. Then he moved behind the camera.

He adjusted something on the camera and then he started talking quietly to me. He put thoughts in my head and watched me react and sometimes he would take a picture. Every once in a while he would step back from his camera, come over and adjust my position slightly. Sometimes he would touch me on the ankle or calf or lightly on the shoulder or chin to move me into the desired pose. Then he would go back to his camera and talk to me in that quiet, hypnotic voice again and take another picture.

When he was finished I stood up and Lisa was standing there naked, waiting her turn. He must have given up by then. He just shook his head and rolled his eyes.

He posed her just as carefully as he had me. He went through the same procedure all over again. I watched him work. It was fascinating. He took a couple dozen photographs, working quietly and calmly and confidently. When they were finished, I went over and Lisa and I sat down on a couch. He took pictures of us together.

These weren't 'dirty' pictures. They weren't sexual. But they were sensual. He posed us together, but again, not in a sexual manner. When he had taken another dozen photographs he straightened up and said, "That's good. Those were some good shots. I think you'll be happy."

I knew I would be. I noticed that, as detached as he had tried to act, he had a very large bulge in his jeans. I got up and moved over to where he was standing. I reached out and gently touched his erection. I smiled up at him and said, "Did I do that?" Then I slowly started undressing him.

He stuttered out a few phrases meant to deter me. But I was not going to be denied. I took his clothes off and pushed him onto a nearby daybed on his back. Lisa came over and lay down beside him and kissed him gently while I moved over him and guided his cock into me. I slid up and down on his nice hard cock only once or twice before he came.

He groaned quietly. I think he was disappointed. But we weren't done yet. I lay down on top of him and kissed his chest while Lisa continued to kiss his lips. His cock was still buried in me and it never got soft at all.

After a few minutes I put my arms around him and held him and together we rolled over so that he was on top now. I looked up at him and said, "Please, make believe I'm her. Make love to Diane."

Lisa moved away. She was crying like a baby. Alex held me gently and made the sweetest love to me. He kissed my face and my lips and my neck. He stroked his cock in and out of me and I could feel the love. I held him tight until he came again and as he came he called out her name.

I continued to hold him tight for a long time after that. Finally he got up and sat on the side of the bed. It looked like he felt sad.

I sat up and asked, "Did I do wrong? Are you sad?"

He stared at me for a minute. Then he smiled wistfully through the tears that were gathered in the corners of his eyes and said, "I'm not sure what I am. For a few minutes I had Diane back."

He stared at me for a minute and said, "I think that I am grateful. You are a very perceptive young woman."

I sat beside him. I lifted his hand to my lips and kissed it. Then I said, "We can do this again some time. I enjoyed it."

He looked a little bit unsure. He asked, "How do you suppose your husband would feel about that, Kelly?"

"My husband would think it was wonderful."

I understood now that he was worried about what Dale would think if he found out. I took his hand and said, "Seriously, Dale wouldn't mind."

He wasn't entirely convinced. But I was pretty sure that I could bring him around.

He pointed out a small bathroom. I went in and got cleaned up while he got dressed and went into the darkroom. Lisa got dressed and we sat around waiting impatiently for more than an hour.

He finally came out and said, "I'm sorry it took so long. You'll be happy, though. They came out beautifully. The camera was very fond of both of you."

He let us into the darkroom. The photos were hanging up to dry on wires all around the room. He was right. They were beautiful! They were works of art. Every last one of them was a work of art, fit to hang in a gallery.

I went over to him with tears in my eyes. I hugged him and said, "They are beautiful. I don't know what to say. Thank you doesn't seem like enough."

He smiled down at me and said, "Oh, I pretty much think we are even young lady. For a few minutes I had Diane back. It wasn't enough. It wasn't real. But it was wonderful."

I stepped back again and said, "Lisa and I have a friend that has a large, very well known art gallery in the city. He would go crazy over your work. Let me take them to him. Let him show them. They deserve to be seen."

His expression hardened and he said, "I don't want to get involved in all that crap. I can't deal with those people. And to be honest, I don't have much respect for a lot of the things people call art nowadays."

"All the more reason to put some real art out there for them," I argued.

Then I had a thought and suggested, "What if we don't tell anyone who the photographer is? Our friend could show them, sell them, and you could remain anonymous. At least let me take some of them to him. Let him look at them."

Alex finally gave in, reluctantly. We went through his collection and the three of us selected about three dozen photographs. We worked our butts off packing them up to travel. By the time the guys finally got back with the trailer and a car full of help the photographs were ready to go.

We went out and watched Dale and Frank and a couple of guys they were able to round up from the club put the car up on rollers and carefully winch it out of the garage and onto the trailer. Then they helped us load the photos in the back of the truck and secure them. Before we left we took Frank and Dale into the studio and showed them our portraits.

Alex was standing there nervously, not knowing how our husbands would react to him taking nude pictures of their wives. When the guys saw the pictures they went nuts. They were just as excited about them as we were. Well, almost anyway.

Before we left, Dale handed Alex a check for the car. He said, "It's worth at least five times this much, maybe ten times this much. I'm sorry that this is all I can scrape up on such short notice."

I saw the check. It was for twenty thousand, almost wiping out our savings. Alex took the check from Dale, smiled and tore it up. He said, "Your wives think they are going to make me rich. Whether they do or not, they have made me happy. I haven't been happy in a long time. I don't need the money. I'm glad the car found someone that loves it as much as my brother did."

The expression on Dale's face right at that moment was worth twenty thousand dollars!

Alex turned to Lisa and me and said, "Let me know how your friend likes those pictures. Yours will be dry and mounted tomorrow if you want them. It was nice meeting you folks."

Then he turned and went back into the house and we headed home.

On the way home we told the guys all about our afternoon. They were so touched they didn't even get turned on!

We were planning to stop at the adult novelty shop that Dale found. But it was getting late so we put it off until tomorrow and headed home to unload the car.

As it turned out, the Road Runner was in much better shape than they thought. They expected the interior to be suffering from dry rot but it wasn't. They replaced all the hoses and belts and gaskets and the tires and all the fluids and all of those things that don't sit up well in storage. They put a battery and spark plugs in it and it started right up and ran like a new car. It had two hundred and sixty-nine miles on the odometer. It was a new car.

There isn't a single ding or scratch on the paint. I forget the name of the color. It's a pretty copper color with a black stripe on the hood. It has won top prize at several shows. Dale has been offered more than five times what he tried to pay Alex for it. He would sell me before he would sell that car, though.

Come to think of it, he did sell me!

The car club has gotten together for several shows and a few parties since we went nuts at that out of state show and campout. We have toned them down a little since that wild weekend. It still gets a little wild. The people in the tents at night, or the motel rooms, are not always the people that are married to each other. We are a little more discreet about it now and those few members of the club that aren't up for those kinds of fun and games are grateful.

Lisa and I attend games with Glenn at his company's loge every now and then. We have also hosted a few poker games for him. It's a chance to get a little wild and we all enjoy it.

Lisa and I took the photographs, including some of the ones that we posed for, to our friend with the art gallery. He went nuts. Alex is the next Ansel Adams. Alex is the most famous unknown photographer in the country. His photographs sell like crazy, when he takes them. But he only takes them when he is in the mood.

We have gotten calls from people all over the world that want to pose for him. But for now, Alex is happy with the two models he has. Lisa and I go out there about twice a month. We take him his checks and pick up any new photographs that he has made. While we are there he always makes love to Diane.
