Home « Jack Spratt1's Page « Daughter By Choice Index - Settings
Chapter 1
Posted: June 17, 2006 - 02:55:27 pm
?

This version of the story has been re-edited and re-proofed

Story intro: Don's infatuation with a beautiful young girl develops into a stirring love story. What started out as a casual relationship between two neighbors' results in a new daughter for Don?

Life has been good to me. Sitting, enjoying my backyard with a cup of coffee and my newspaper as the world slowly goes by.

Located in an older residential neighborhood, all the homes have mature trees and well groomed lawns. Only being here the last five months I haven't met any of my neighbors formally but today that changes. For some unknown reason everything at work went right and I am able to leave the job earlier than the usual eight PM. It is three in the afternoon and I am enjoying the peace and quiet of my back yard, it is the first time. The lawn service keeps it trimmed and the flower beds well groomed.

I'm fifty-one, living alone, my two children are both married and live about four hundred miles from me. We talk occasionally, but both of them have very busy lives. I enjoy this private time. My wife had past away some fifteen years ago from cancer. It hit me hard. Then putting all my energy into my work brought me back to life. It paid big dividends as my income level will attest. I'm more than comfortable. My housekeeping service cleans three times a week. That sometimes has me wondering why; as I only use three rooms, the kitchen, bedroom and the study. The rest of the house stands vacant.

Occasionally in the early mornings I have noticed the next door neighbor. He is a large burly colored man in the construction trade as he is always wearing a hard hat and coveralls; leaving the house he usually squeals the tires, a real pain for the neighbors. He has a daughter but apparently no wife. She appears to be in the twelve or so age group; with black wavy hair done in long braided strings. Her young body is just starting to develop. Her clothing appears out of style, perhaps hand-me downs, but she always looks clean and very well groomed. Perhaps the family is going through some hard times.

In the back yard is located a small pool surrounded by incredible landscaping; evidence the former owners put a lot of money into it. There are many bird houses full of a large variety birds; it is just like a natural wonderland, a great place to relax. Looking at the pool and wondering if it will ever get any use. The pool service keeps it clean and makes sure the chemicals are in balance. I don't have time

Then I hear a door slam next door. From where I am sitting looking down the fence line; it appears one of the boards is out of place, a small crack allows me to see into the back yard of my neighbor. Not being out here often I hadn't noticed it before. The young girl is wearing a two-piece white bathing suit which appears to be two sizes too small. The white of the bathing suit contrasts her light ebony skin. She has a very interesting figure with her young breasts pushing the fabric and the bikini bottoms are hidden in the crack of her bum accenting well-shaped cheeks. She has a very eye-catching face and reminds me of the daughter my wife and I never were fortunate to have.

Enjoying the thought for a moment and then it is back to my paper. Thinking about how quiet and peaceful it is; more of my time should be spent enjoying this setting. My stomach growls it is past dinner time. Actually barbeque time as I had purchased a unit, assembled it, tested it even bought the steaks but have never had the time to enjoy it. Thawing the steaks will take some time but it will be worth it. Lighting the barbeque the lid drops with a bang.

"Hello."

It is the young beauty next door.

"Hi. How are you?"

"Good. I was wondering if you are ever going to use your pool."

"That is a good question. I keep thinking about it but never seem to have the time."

"Mr. Pearce, the former owner, used to let me use it."

"If you like, you can continue to use it. As you likely know it is maintained so somebody should get some use out of it."

With that comment part of the fence moves showing a very good job of camouflaging a door. Now I know why the fence board appears to be out of place.

Close up the young girl is radiant and very sensual looking. She moves with feminine grace. The fabric of her swimming suit is like a second skin. Her developing body is like a magnet to my old eyes. She is stunning.

"My name is Leeza."

As she walks towards me with her hand extended, my eyes are glued to her pubes outlined in her very tight bikini bottom.

"Don Parsons. I'm pleased to meet you, Leeza."

I can't help myself; my eyes engulf her body, and then back to her pubes. The bikini bottoms leave nothing to the imagination. Her pubes appear very large as the material outlines every detail, it could be these old eyes; it appears there are a few black curly hairs escaping their confines as well, what mysteries lie hidden behind that thin cloth covering? My Woody reacts and my mouth tastes dry, what the hell is wrong with me, Leeza is a young girl, my thoughts are comparing her to a woman.

"That is quite the gate. I never even knew it was there and I have been living here six months."

"Well, I have been watching. You haven't used your backyard so you wouldn't have any reason to notice it. Mr. Pearce had the gate put in two years ago so I could come over and use the pool. The Pearce's are like you, they didn't use the pool often."

"Well, feel free to use the pool anytime. I work long hours so it will be good to know someone is taking a look in the backyard on a regular basis."

"Thank you."

With that Leeza dives into the pool. Watching her movements enjoying her obvious expertise; she is a very apt swimmer demonstrating a number of different strokes as slides through the water. Back to my paper, it doesn't have as much appeal as it did. Leeza is a very disturbing influence, at least that is the excuse, my eyes follow her every movement.

Finally climbing out of the pool, she sits down beside me, water pouring off her body, yes those are black hairs, research confirms. Then her nipples take precedence pushing out against the small coverings of her top. They are the size of small grapes. My interests are looking at her sexually when I should be enjoying the company of a young girl. Is there something wrong with me?

"Can I get you a towel?"

"Oh thank you. I would like that."

Heading to the house I can see her refection in the windows following me. Opening the door to the sunroom holding as it she walks by. Her lush body has me tingling all over, panting like a teenager. Handing her a towel, she dry herself. As she leans over; Leeza gives me a great view of her breasts. They are appealing, well proportioned to her body to her body size, just begging to be caressed. Leeza is all women; shit, there I go again.

She looks at me with her disarming smile. She and her dad have lived next door for the past two years. He is a pipe-fitter who works long hours, usually out of town, leaving her alone most of the time. Her mom was killed in an auto accident over four years ago. That thought seems to bring a tear in her eye. She is twelve, in middle school doing quite well and is in the top five of her class.

"A good education is very important part of your life. It will provide you with the stepping stones for your future."

Isn't that a mouthful? She continues to tell me about her interests and school; it is good to have such pleasant company, something that has been missing in my life. Her dad apparently drinks often when he is home and sometimes gets a bit rough with her. Asking her to elaborate, she changed the subject. I don't want to pry.

My stomach is growling again. The barbecue is waiting.

"Is your dad coming home tonight?"

"No. He is working late and won't be home till after 10:00."

"The barbecue is hot and ready. Would you care to join an old man for dinner? I can promise you a good steak and a tasty salad."

"Thank you, I certainly would. I get so bored eating alone all the time. My cooking isn't the best."

"One thing I do well is cook, something I have always enjoyed. It will be a pleasure to have your company."

"Great I will go home and change."

With that she gets up and heads to the concealed the gate. Leeza's shapely bottom mesmerizes me swinging too and fro what a sight for these old eyes, not to mention what it does to my lower growing protrusion, there I go again!

Checking the barbecue, confirms it at the correct temperature. A good thing there are two steaks to a pack since there is now a guest for dinner. When in the kitchen preparing the salad there is a sound near the pool, it is Leeza.

"Where are you?"

"In the kitchen just come in through the sun room and follow your nose."

The door opens and there is movement towards the kitchen. The salad is just about done.

"What sort of salad dressing do you like?"

Turning around facing her, nearly cause me drop every thing. Leeza is wearing narrow halter top and very short, shorts. A vision has come to my home. It appears that everything is glued on her. There are times when a clothed person is even more appealing than a naked one. Leeza is that person. I am tongue tied and flabbergasted.

"French if you have some, is there anything I can do?"

"If you would like to help; please set the table. The utensils are in that drawer behind you."

She turns, her back towards me showing those beautiful bum cheeks. She will surely break many hearts as she grows up. She has mine pumping. Oh to be fifteen again and on the prowl.

Dinner goes well. Leeza is a bundle of information. She is looking forward to her birthday three months hence when she will be a teenager. She informs me she is on the school swim team, doing very well but needs a competition bathing suit, something about water resistance, the brand name is Speedo. But her dad says he can't afford it. It has me thinking he likely needs the money for booze.

She has an older brother in the Army who is currently serving is in some foreign country. He won't be back for another six months; she doesn't want to ask him for help. Leeza doesn't have a boyfriend. She has been asked for dates many times. Her father says she is too young. She does have a couple of close girl friends at school but they live in different areas thus she is alone most of the time so she studies.

Now on the deck beside the pool; we sit and enjoy the lovely scenery. It is so peaceful and it a real shame that I hadn't taken advantage of it before today. In addition Leeza may have been part of the scenery much sooner. She is a pleasure to be with and to enjoy. It is an effort not to stare. Her breasts and nipples are visual magnets. The way the material is molded to them makes my senses very aware of this beautiful young female. Leeza voice is like music as she elaborates her concerns about life.

"I think I will go in for another swim. You don't mind?"

"Of course not, enjoy the pool somebody should. Watching you swim reminds me of my younger days many years ago. I may get up the nerve join you."

"Oh please do, but you may regret it."

"Don't get smart now. I'm bigger than you and can dunk you."

Leeza sticks her pink tongue at me as she runs to change. For the life of me and even racking my brain trying to recall where my bathing suit could be; draws a blank. It hasn't shown up since the move. Where is it? My mind is searching and finally comes up with the answer. Recalling it was last seen hiding in the bottom drawer of my bedroom bureau.

In the bedroom locating the suit; the next big question is will it still fit, it has been awhile since using it. Fortunately my body hasn't change much in three years, last since using it.

Sitting in a lounge chair I wait for Leeza to reappear. She does, her undersized wet bathing suit glued to all her charms. Leeza is someone who most males would be willing to serve as her slave in return for her favors. It seems to surprise her noticing me sitting in my suit.

"What took you so long?"

"Have you ever tied to put on a wet bathing suit?"

"All you had to do was a yell and I would have come over to help you."

Enjoying the view, a small smile on my face, she would be shocked to know I really meant it, imagining her struggle to wiggle into a suit that is wet and too small. But she manages and looks like a wet dream. Following her every move, Leeza certainly isn't helping my blood pressure.

Watching she dives into the pool; beauty in motion.

"Come on in; coward."

She is taunting me. Walking to the edge of the pool, bravely sticking one toe into the water, it doesn't feel too bad; then slowly lower myself down into the water, not wanting the shock of total immersion. The cooling effect is actually enjoyable. Then a drenching wave of water hits me. Leeza is beside me laughing. Not to be out done, using both arms creates a title wave nearly drowning her. Reaching out, grasping her arms, she disappears under the water with a little help from me. She comes up sputtering. Leeza accepts the challenge. She grabs me from behind, her arms around my neck, her breasts making a definite impression on my back; me clasping her hands; I dive taking her with me. We continue the horseplay for about twenty minutes during which my hands encounter her breasts and the softness of her skin, twice rubbing her pussy. Finally puffing like a steam engine, I crawl out of the pool.

"Uncle; Ok Leeza, you win. I'm just too pooped to continue."

Out of the pool grabbing a towel drying myself; she follows me; tossing her a towel, watching as she gently rubs the contours of her young body. Her breasts bounce and giggle. We both sit down to air-dry.

"Thank you for a lovely supper and the swim. Maybe next time you will be more of a challenge in the pool."

"You can count on it. Remember you can use the pool anytime you like. I usually work late. So I won't be around."

With that comment she smiles thanks me gets up and walks to the concealed door disappearing. It has been a pleasant evening. Leeza's beautiful charms are still vivid in my mind. What a heart breaker she will be once she realizes the power she will have over males.

I didn't see Leeza for nearly two weeks as my work schedule is grueling. There is evidence that she has been using the pool. The patio has been wet several times with the outlines of her foot prints on the patio stones. At least someone is enjoying the pool considering the expense to maintain it. The image of Leeza in her very tight bathing suit walking about the pool, has given me a beautiful subject for many an exotic dream. It is a good thing she isn't clairvoyant, she would have the law on me. Planning an early return home one day next week, I leave a note for Leeza; inviting her to another barbeque asking if there is one particular day that will be more convenient for her. Putting the note in an envelope now taped to the diving board.

The next day a note is taped to the back patio door. Leeza is available Tuesday. Her dad will out of town till Wednesday. That gives me the weekend to create an interesting meal for us.

During the weekend I make Sweet and Sour Meatballs. I plan to get home early enough to make a Green Salad. It will be just a matter of heating the dinner and presto it is ready to be served.

On Tuesday arriving home shortly after three, the gate opens there is Leeza gorgeous, in her undersized bathing suit. My woody enjoys the sight; accented by the way it is pushing against my suit.

"Hi Leeza; hope you had a good week."

"Hi Don. Your note last week gave me something to look forward too. School is going good but I'm not able to compete in the swimming meets. I need a new bathing suit and daddy still says he can't afford it."

Well, I certainly can.

"Leeza, I will buy you a suit as an early birthday present. Only if your dad says it is ok."

"Would you Don? I don't know what to say."

"Well there is nothing to say. It will be my pleasure. All you need to do is make sure you win, at the next meet."

"Ok. When my dad comes home tomorrow, I will ask him. I will leave you a note. You have made me so happy."

The meatballs are a success. Leeza swims with me watching her graceful body. It is only a dream of actually enjoying someone so young, she is so delicate. The evening passes all too fast and all too soon; before I know it, Leeza is heading for home through the concealed door. I can't believe what an empty feeling she leaves in me after just a few meetings. Leeza really is fantastic company as well as a sight for my tired old eyes. She continues to remind me she is the perfect model for the daughter I never had and always wanted.

The next day is a grueling one. A number of clients all have unique problems; all have to be addressed yesterday. Dragging my tired ass home, only to find there is no note from Leeza, even after looking everywhere there is no note. Another odd thing is the pool hasn't been used, could she be sick? I hope it wasn't the meatballs. It has me concerned. In such a short time Leeza has become an important part of my Spartan life. Each subsequent day, I look for some indication she is okay but nothing, maybe she has had second thoughts about my leering ways. It makes me feel shitty about what I may have done. Resigned to my solitude, life goes on. Three days later while relaxing on the patio there is a noise in Leeza's backyard.

"Leeza."

No reply, the second time I shout.

"Leeza; are you there?"

It seems like eternity, then the response.

"Hi Don. I'm busy. I can't come over."

Her voice sound like it is cracking. That isn't like Leeza; then quickly heading to the concealed door.

"How does this door open? We have to talk."

"Please Don, I can't talk to you."

"Leeza you open the door or I will kick it down."

"Hang on, let me open it."

There is a click; the door springs open. Her movements indicate she is trying to avoid me seeing her face, but why? This certainly isn't the same young lady that challenged me in the pool. Then her body is racked with a sob. Hell she is crying, what can be wrong, is it me? Then turning to face me, it is obvious; she is sporting a number of dark bruises on her face and a very swollen black eye, she has been in an accident.

"Leeza, what happened? Where you in an accident? Why didn't you call me?"

Then realizing how stupid those comments are; she doesn't have any of my numbers, who would have anticipated a situation like this, her home alone with no one to call. She doesn't know where I work, my cell number or my unlisted home number.

"No. It wasn't an accident."

"Somebody beat you?"

"I don't want to talk about it."

Now it dawns on me. She had mentioned her dad got rough with her; often hitting her; is this a result of his drinking. Anger is boiling up in me, my body is shaking.

"Why would your dad do something like that?"

"I told him about you offering to buy me the bathing suit and he hit me. He called me slut and all kinds of things I've never heard of before. He had been drinking. He said I must be doing slutty things for you, and then he called me a whore. He wouldn't believe me when I told him you would only buy it with his permission."

"We need to call the police. The next time he could break bones or worse."

"No please don't do that. They will put me in foster-care. I don't want that to happen."

My mind is racing. This is not right. I want so much to comfort Leeza to hug her and hold her, to protect her from her dad. What a gem he must be; beating up on a young girl, his beautiful daughter, someone he should be protecting and cherishing. Hell; I have to do something about this.

One of my long time clients is a prestigious law firm. After a harrowing experience with a major computer crash, they offered me free legal services for the rest of my life. My know-how saved them a fortune in service fees when they lost a complete case file which my expertise was able to recover; the research had cost them a fortune and would have been lost. They were more than grateful. The offer was something I never thought would be used. I certainly will talk to them tomorrow.

"When is your dad returning home?"

"He is on a construction site out of town and won't be back for five days."

That will give me time to find out if there is anything can be done to protect Leeza from further beatings. Burning at the stake would be too good for that prick. Leeza looks gaunt.

"When is the last time you had a good meal?"

"Dad left me a little money but all I have been eating is peanut butter sandwiches."

"You need a good meal, follow me. Have you been going to school?"

"No, I can't go looking like this."

"There is someone who can help with that; Carol Jones, a co-worker; if anyone can help she can; she knows all about make-up; she has three daughters of her own."

After Carol hears my tale of woe she willing offers her expertise. With the traffic she will be here in thirty minutes. Leeza sits on the sofa besides me. Looking at me with her large sad eyes; her veneer lets go and she sobs, falling across my chest crying; holding her close to comfort her. My head is spinning; who in their right mind would hit a beautiful young girl? My heart goes out for her. She is so soft and smells so good, I can't help myself burying my face in her hair. The fragrance of her shampoo is doing things to me; I am supposed to be comforting her.

"It is okay Leeza. You will be safe with me. I will make sure that he never touches you again."

"How can you do that, he is my dad?"

"Leave that to me."

Has my big mouth made a promise that can't be realized; can I come across with the goods. Something has to be done. My lawyer friends will hopefully be able to provide the answer. Beating up a young woman can't be condoned or legal. There is the sound of a car pulling in the driveway; Carol is here.

"Carol I can't thank you enough for coming."

She looks at Leeza, her look of shock and disgust is obvious.

"Who did this?"

That is her first comment after seeing Leeza. Now she is comforting her like a mother hen.

"It was her dad; he drinks and has a temper. It isn't the first time; but it is the first time I saw the results."

"What would you like me to do?"

"Well, she hasn't been to school since the beating. Can you use your magic to cover the bruises with makeup?"

"Yes I can and I will show her how to apply makeup so she can do it herself."

"Oh thank you, Carol. You are an angel. I was just about to make us some supper. Are you hungry?"

"No thanks Don. I will fix up Leeza. Then I have to be at the Y to pick up my girls by eight-thirty, I was just getting ready to leave when you called. I should have enough make-up in the correct shades to get her started but she will need more. I can provide you with a list."

"Thank you Carol, Leeza will appreciate that. We will go to the mall tonight after dinner."

Carol sits Leeza down on a chair opening her makeup kit. Heading for the kitchen, it is my job to prepare dinner, hopefully something to take her mind off the beating and her dad.

"Dinner is ready."

"Give me five minutes. We are just about finished."

"Okay, it is only spaghetti and five minutes certainly won't hurt it."

There is a bump as the chair Leeza is using falls over. She must have gotten up to fast. Looking up there is an ebony angel. Leeza's transformation creates a vision. Carol has not only covered the bruises and black eye; she has changed my young friend by highlighting her eyes and applying a soft rosy gloss to her lips. She can easily pass for an eighteen year old.

"I can't believe what you have done. You are a genius. Leeza you are even more beautiful."

"Well Don, I would love to stay and chat but I'm late already. Here is the list. I have to pick up my children. Please call if you need anything else."

Walking her to the front door she gives me a peck on the cheek and leaves.

"Carol. I owe you big time."

Going back to the kitchen Leeza is actually smiling.

"That Carol sure knows her makeup. I can't believe the change."

"Well believe it. You are a vision. If you weren't so young I would kiss you."

Leeza looks a little surprised and disappointed. She walks over to me stands on her tip toes wrapping her arms around my neck and kisses me; not a peck but a true full blown kiss. I can taste her fresh lipstick. Her solid breasts mush into my chest. Involuntary my woody gets involved trying to get between us forcefully pushing against her lower tummy and pubes. Leeza must feel it. She does and is now grinding her supple body against me. Clinging to her; we kiss again with more passion. Then realizing what is transpiring I break off backing away. Not wanting anything to break the mood, she is still smiling I beckon her to the table.

"Leeza let's get the meal over with then we can go to the mall."

We enjoy the meal. The diversion is a good thing; my erection needs the time to go down. We play the mutual admiration game stealing glance at each other. She continues to look like a delicious dessert. My desire for her has grown leaps and bounds.

With the meal complete, Leeza helps with the cleanup. Fortunately, we are only about a mile from a mega mall. It is good to see Leeza excited about the whole thing. It keeps her mind off the her dad and the mishap. Every time I think of it, it has me screaming for revenge.

Shopping for Leeza is a real treat. She is so appreciative. Her contagious smile affects everybody. A helpful saleslady at the cosmetic department assembles all the required items. Asking Leeza if she has perfume; gets a negative reply.

Walking over to perfume counter Leeza can't believe the large selection. Mentioning to the saleslady that Leeza is in the market for perfume soon has us deluged with scents. Anyone of them could only enhance Leeza natural allure. Being the typical woman she is, and with the help of the clerk, Leeza continues to look for the one that is just right.

"You can buy two or three different scents."

"Can I?"

Her eyes are shining, the more content she is the more her beauty radiates. To her it must be like Christmas. It certainly makes me feel good being able to do something for her.

"Leeza, I will be sitting over there."

Sitting on the mall bench across from the store allows me to watch Leeza and the saleslady. Both of them excited about the search for the perfect scent; it exhausts me just watching them, but it gives me a chance to survey the surrounding shops and people. There are many young teens milling about, some of the young girls defiantly stare at me, with the 'I know what you are looking at' look. Where do they get that attitude? A large shop gets my attention; "Village Sports."

"Leeza, I will be just down the way."

"Ok Don. I won't be long."

At the store window all manner of Speedo sports wear is on display. Inside a young female clerk spots me; gives me her best smile then approaches me.

"Can I help you?"

"Can you tell me if you carry competition bathing suits for young women?"

"Oh yes we carry the full line of the Speedo brand."

"Do you see that young girl in the department store?"

"Yes the one with those beautiful braids."

"Yes. Would you do me a favour and get about four suits that you feel would fit her? She will be over when she is done."

"I would be glad too. Just ask for Karen when you come back."

Once again at the bench it isn't long before Leeza is waving to me.

"Don, I have picked out the perfumes."

After paying we leave the store.

"Leeza, we have one more stop to make before we go back home."

"Where?"

Taking her hand, we walk to "Village Sports." Karen has been watching and is waiting for us at the door.

"Karen. This is Leeza. She needs your help."

"Well, I have the suits picked out. Leeza, please come with me to the fitting room."

"Fitting room?"

"Don't ask questions I will be waiting for you."

Three quarters of an hour later, they return. It has me wondering how long it would have taken if it had been a three-piece outfit. Males could have tried on three pairs of shorts in three minutes made up their mind and be leaving the store with purchase in hand in less than ten minutes.

"Don. They were all beautiful but you shouldn't."

"Karen, how did they fit?"

"Like a glove, she looks great in all four suits."

"How were the colors?"

"Very appealing Don, but you shouldn't. You have done enough."

"Karen, wrap them."

With another small package under my arm we finally leave the mall. Leeza can't stop thanking me.

"Please Leeza, it makes me feel good. I never had a daughter but if I had she would be like you."

Leeza grabs my arm and holds me close, walking to the car as father and daughter, a pleasant thought. She takes my hand and kisses the back of it, embarrassing me but not my cock; which is now rock solid. But it makes me feel proud.

"Nobody has ever done anything like this for me. I don't know what to do to thank you."

There are many ways but a close mouth gathers no foot.

"Just win that competition; I want to see some medals."

"Wish you could come and watch me."

"Well, I will see. Let me know where and when the competition is. I will look at my schedule."

Approaching the driveway Leeza is still bubbling with excitement. The memory of the beating seems to have been forgotten for the moment. It is still foremost on my mind. The first thing tomorrow morning, I will do is call in the favors the law firm offered me.

"Don, I'm so tired. It has been a really trying week but you brought happiness to me. I will never be able to thank you enough. Tomorrow evening I will model the bathing suites for you."

"Leeza, I would like that, hopefully I will be home early. And you can tell me about the competitions."

Carrying the numerous packages through the house to the back patio near the gate, she will have a short trip.

Leeza comes to me with her hand extended. Thinking she wants to shake it, she surprises me by pulling me towards her, wrapping her arms around my neck, kissing me like a lover, her body squirming against my erection. There is not doubt about it. She is certainly aware of what she is doing. Her tongue enters my mouth, Leeza tastes wonderful.

"Don. I wish you were my daddy."

With that comment she leaves taking all the packages with her, me frozen in my tracks dumbfounded.

The next morning the first thing is the call to the legal firm. Speaking to Mr. Rogers, the senior partner; after explaining the problem he asked me if Leeza had any local relatives. As far as I knew, she only has a brother in the armed services and he is on duty out of the country.

"Well if I can do anything I have to have somewhere to place Leeza as she is minor.

Otherwise she will become a ward of the state."

"Would the court consider me?"

"You, Don! Do you know what that entails, it can't be taken lightly, and it is a serious obligation. If you are appointed as guardian it is a minimum commitment of six years until she is of age."

"Yes, I want to do it. And if necessary and if can be arranged, I will adopt her."

"Ok, I will see what I can do."

Several hours later he returns the call.

"Well, I had a background check done on Leeza's dad. He likes hitting women of all ages. There are a number of past charges and complaints against him, he sounds like a real winner."

"But what does that mean for Leeza?"

"Well for one thing getting a restraining order will be the first thing we will do. Having you appointed as a temporary guardian will be the second."

"And will that be enough? I don't want Leeza ever to be exposed to him again if it can be done legally. He could seriously hurt her."

"Do you really want to adopt Leeza?"

"Yes, if that is the only way it can be done."

"Leave it with me. I will get back to you tomorrow."

With that the day was over.

The next day is as full as the last; the only thing memorable is the call from the legal firm. They have everything arranged. The judge has issued a restraining order. He accepted me as temporary guardian. The area Children's Aid is working on the feasibility of my adopting Leeza, in his opinion it shouldn't be a problem, however, they did question why a mature white male would be interested in adopting a young black preteen, he had answered we are neighbors and have known each other, he didn't mention the time of the friendship. It is hard to believe so much has happened in only forty-eight hours. Leeza is now my ward, although it is currently only temporary. She will be overjoyed to hear the news. One of the conditions is to call the sheriff's department as soon as her father returns home. The papers will be served immediately. My lawyer tells me not to worry, easy for him to say. Everything is being taken care of. With the news, I manage to leave early. Leeza is in the pool. She is wearing one of the new Speedo's although not as revealing as her undersized bathing suit, it still shows her charms. Venus would be jealous of Leeza's body.

"Leeza I hope I have some good news for you."

"What do you mean?"

"Well how would you like me to be your guardian? I would enjoy having you living with me. It is a big house with four bedrooms and three baths. I certainly will enjoy your company."

Leeza has a confused look on her face, it obvious she is troubled.

"How could you do that? My daddy will be awful angry."

"Don't worry. A restraining order has been issued against him. It will be served when he gets home and will make sure he never hurts you again; you will never have to see him. The legal firm has arranged my temporary guardianship with the Children's Services. They are looking into qualifying me as permanent guardian. And if everything turns out as you want, I will gladly adopt you and make you my daughter."

"I would like that. I have never met anyone as kind as you. But I know my dad will be furious."

"The Sheriff and my lawyer will meet with him to serve the papers. If you would like, you can move in tonight. Go home and pack your belongings. Anything else you need we will buy. You will be a very important part of my life."

Leeza is emotionally distraught, so many major changes in her life in such a short time, a feeling similar to mine. This is a lot for one so young. But it needs to be done as quickly as possible to ensure she is never hurt again. The emotional trauma is too much, Leeza starts to cry softly.

"Oh, Don. I don't know what to do. Dad is the only family I have. My brother and I were never close. We are ages apart. I'm so confused."

"What you are going through is rough. The changes will ensure you will never be hurt again. The decision is yours. You know my feelings for you; we have to do what is right for you. If you make the move don't leave a note. The less he knows the better. The sheriff and the lawyers will handle everything concerning your dad."

Leeza nods her head acknowledging she understands. Leaving, she quickly goes to the house to retrieve her personal things. The waiting nearly kills me. There is the sound of a door closing then the door in the fence opens. She has changed into slacks and a T-shirt. She is carrying a box, a small suitcase and the packages we had purchased.
Chapter 2
Home - Top   Feedback to author


Home « Jack Spratt1's Page « Daughter By Choice Index « Previous - Settings
Chapter 2
Posted: June 17, 2006 - 02:55:27 pm
?

"This is it. I don't have much. Daddy would never buy many clothes so I have never had much of anything. What we purchased last night are the most new things I have received in years."

My heart goes out to Leeza. If I had such a wonderful daughter; her life would be as full as I could make it. When my wife and children were living at home, they were my life. All the fruits of my labor went to making sure they were comfortable and wanted for very little. Holding my arms open Leeza snuggles to me sobbing. My hands are running up and down her torso.

"This will be the start of a new phase in your life."

Holding her tight, I softly kissed the top of her head. The trembling in her body diminishes. The sooner that permanent guardian ship is awarded the better it will be, better still is the adoption. She will be protected for the rest of my life.

"Do you want to see your room?"

That comment brings a sparkle to her eyes. Her face is radiant, even with the traces of the bruising, her makeup has been disturbed. The pool water rearranged some of it. Leeza still looks like an angel, in spite of the changes. This is the happiest she has been tonight.

"Oh, Yes."

"Well, there are three unused bedrooms. You can have your pick."

The house has been professionally decorated and furnished. Rather than leave the money in the bank I poured some into the house and contents. The spare rooms have never been used. Not having any guests, but that will change tonight.

Leeza is like a kid in toy land. She runs from room to room then repeating the adventure about four times.

"I'll take that one Don."

"As long as you are happy, it is yours."

Leeza squeals with delight. Downstairs retrieving her items then entering her bedroom looking like a beast of burden, she runs to me.

"I feel better now having made the decision."

"You have no idea how happy I am that you chose to move in. You are going to give real purpose in my life once again."

"All these changes make me feel safe, but now I need a bath then I want to model the other Speedo suits for you."

"You really don't have to tonight, we can watch television. You have had a lot to accept in such a short time."

"Don. I have never felt so happy and sad at the same time."

"Ok, enjoy yourself. Tomorrow we will go back to the mall for additional items we may have forgotten."

"You have done so much for me already."

"I enjoy doing things for you. We will get you some more new clothing and lingerie. You can also get some bubble bath and whatever you require."

Downstairs making coffee, I can hear the water running. I would love to bath Leeza; my mind is wandering again. The last thing Leeza needs is an old leach pawing her. I feel ashamed of myself, but only just a little bit. It is nearly an hour later before Leeza presents herself.

"Here I come."

Leeza descends the staircase. She is wearing one of the new Speedo's. The suit hugs her body accenting her breasts with bold strips. The same strips narrow as they point to her crotch. The effect is very erotic. Leeza nipples are hard. They seem oversized for her breasts. Leeza's pubes are outlined by the tight suit. She wasn't short changed in that department. Leeza has re-applied new make-up. I am tingling all over.

"You look overwhelming, that suit brings out your complexion."

"So glad you like it Don, I can model another one for you."

"One a night is fine; you don't want me to have a heart attack. Tomorrow you will have more to model after our trip to the mall. Why don't you sit down beside me or would you rather go for a swim?"

"We can sit. I can swim tomorrow before you come home."

Leeza approaches but instead of just sitting she is on her knees and lies across my body facing me. Her breasts snug in the Speedo push against me, her arms around my neck her lips on mine.

"Thank you, Don or should I call you daddy."

The effect of her kiss, her scent and just feeling her against me has my Woody extending his interest into her soft tummy. She has to be aware of it.

"Call me daddy."

The kiss seems to last forever her arms squeezing me close. I am powerless to restrict my cock from embarrassing me, Leeza doesn't seem to mind.

"Daddy, I am so tired. Today has been very stressful for me, I am so grateful for what you and your friends have done. You are the best thing that has happened to me."

"Good night, Leeza. There is an alarm clock on the bedside table. I will be gone when you get up. There is an extra key for the front door on the telephone table, make sure you lock the doors when you leave and again when you come home. Don't answer the door for anyone. I will be home as early as possible so we can go shopping after dinner."

"Night Daddy."

Watching Leeza move is a vision the Speedo has ridden into the crack of her bum cheeks. My eyes are glued to her crease until she disappears upstairs. What wonders are hidden beneath that narrow expanse of cloth? My erection hasn't been this insistent for years.

It is difficult keeping my train of thought at work, her face and her body flashes into my mind every time there is a lull. She is safe in the house but my concern is her father may return and look for her. He may assume Leeza is visiting me and that possibility has me worried. My lawyers have assured me everything is tracking as planned. One good note, my guardianship of Leeza was formally approved today.

The next two days are repeats. We go shopping. Leeza can't believe the amount of money that we spend on new clothing and accessories including costume jewelry, several matching outfits of fine lingerie, plus four pairs of new shoes in the latest styles. Arriving home each night Leeza is beside herself. Her closets are filling up.

When Leeza is clad in the trendy fashions and with fresh make-up she is a living wet dream. Her complexion complements all her outfits. I am so proud of her. My hidden desire of her continually intensifies. Wisely keeping my distance, accepting what is offered; not asking or suggesting anything else. This time is for her. In time perhaps she will realize how much I love her. It is a joy coming home after a heavy work day. Leeza is the greatest thing that has happened to me.

Arriving home early on Thursday night it is obvious Leeza is upset.

"My dad is home. He pounded on the door a couple of times but I never left the bedroom. He has been drinking."

"You stay upstairs. I will call the sheriff and my lawyer. We might as well get this over with."

After calling I sit down and wait. It isn't long before a police cruiser pulls into the driveway. Two officers stay in the cruiser waiting for the lawyer. Moments later he arrives. The three of them approach the front door. The door opens and all go inside. Now the wait, every minute seems like an hour. Then the door opens and they leave. The telephone rings scaring the shit out of me. It is my lawyer.

"Well, it is all done. Her dad signed a release and accepted the restraining order."

"What release?"

"He signed the release stating he will not dispute any guardianship or adoption proceedings for Leeza. When we left he was packing. He is moving to be closer to his job so you should see a for-rent sign on the house shortly."

"Why would he sign anything?"

"Well we had papers drawn up to charge him with assault. I used that as a lever. He called Leeza a slut and said anything that happens to her is what she deserves. He ranted on and on telling us how wonderful a father he has been and Leeza is an ungrateful bitch and he's glad to see the last of her. The sheriff's officers witnessed all the documents so they will stand up in any court. You can tell your ward that all is done."

"Thank you so much. I don't know how to repay you."

"Hey, we are repaying a little of what we owe you. Your suggestions saved my firm more than eighty-five thousand dollars in the last six months. This is just a small repayment. I will have my staff follow this through to make sure you get all the documents awarding you full guardianship of Leeza until she is of legal age. We will also pursue the adoption. However, that will take time."

"Thank you. I know Leeza will be pleased."

After hanging up I feel wonderful. Everything is finally falling into place. Leeza is now my legal ward, soon to be my legal daughter.

"Leeza; please come down there is good news."

Appearing she is dressed in one of her new outfits, very short shorts and a tube top. Unable to control myself; I just stare my mouth open, mentally undressing this creature in my mind. My thoughts at the moment are not as a daddy but that of a dirty old man.

"What happened?"

"Well, your dad was served. He made a little fuss but when he saw he was going to be charged with assault he cooled down."

"He accepted the restraining order. He also signed a release that he would not protest any motion for your guardianship. Mind you it is after the fact but it is good to know we will have no legal challenges. It couldn't have ended better; he will be out of your life for good."

"Oh Daddy, I am going to cry. This last week has been a whirlwind of change for me. Just look at me. I'm a woman. These clothes make me feel so good. I am so happy you are going to be my new Daddy."

"Another thing your dad is moving away. He was packing his belongings when the police and lawyer left. He didn't even ask where you were. He is a real gem."

Both of us hear a car door slam. Then a car starts and leaves with tires squealing. Leeza and I watch it drive out of sight.

"Well Leeza, this is really the first day of the rest of your life, the best part is I know you will make a big difference in mine. I never realized how lonely I was until I met you. I will be proud to call you my daughter."

"Oh Daddy."

Leeza is in my arms kissing me, tears of happiness flowing. Her tongue finds my mine. Again she is moving her body against my raging erection. My hands are on her soft bum kneading her cheeks. We break both breathing heavily, looking at each other.

"A cold shower is in order. It is bed time for you."

Again she is in my arms hugging me tight.

"A large weight has been lifted off my shoulders. I will be the best daughter any daddy could have."

Before she leaves she leans over and gives me a father daughter kiss leaving me gasping for air. Heading for the kitchen, I need a small drink. Pouring myself a glass of wine and walking to the patio, I consider the events of the day; there is a lot to think about.

The next month develops our routine, leaving the house early while Leeza is still sleeping. In the evening arriving home regardless of the hour, Leeza is waiting. The welcome kiss is that of lovers. Her body is so vibrant, continuing her habit of rubbing her body against my lower extremities. She knows exactly what she is doing and enjoys taunting me; I have to admit it feels great. Treating her like a daughter at all the times; never suggesting or even attempting anything more. My deprived thoughts are my own.

Although Leeza looks great in the Speedo, she looks devastating in a bikini. One evening we return to the mall. At Victoria's Secret I suggest she look for a bikini for use at home. Actually I suggest two; one that contrasts with her skin colour and the other light beige that would accent her skin tone.

"Get some fancy bras and thongs as well."

Leeza just looks at me with her arresting smile, shakes her head in mock disgust and disappears into the store. Sitting on the bench waiting is not a hardship as many varieties of humanity walk by. Mind you there are a large number of young females but none compare to Leeza's beauty in my eyes. Right in the middle of imagining Leeza's shapely body in a bikini; I hear.

"Daddy, the lady wants to see you."

My duty as a new daddy is to pay not that I mind. The look on the clerks face when she sees Leeza's daddy is priceless, but she accepts my card without a comment. Seeing Leeza in one of the sexy outfits will certainly make my day. After paying Leeza stacks the purchases in my arms and we head home.

"Daddy, I want to show you the bikinis I bought."

"Did you get two?"

"Actually three, two are the colors you suggested and then a light blue one."

"That is fine with me. Do you get some lingerie?"

"Yes Daddy, wait till you see the matching sets. I have never had so many pairs of under things in my life. And these are so soft I know they will feel great against my skin."

Leeza reaches to the back seat of the van and brings a bag forward.

"Wait till you see me in this daddy."

There is hardly anything to see, I have seen more material in a handkerchief. There is that tingle again. Seeing Leeza in that bikini will be worth all we spent today. Unfortunately, when we arrive home it is too late. There is another grueling day tomorrow besides Leeza has school.

"You can show this tired old man your new suit tomorrow. I think the shock will put me in a trance."

Every evening Leeza tells me about her day in school. She is doing well. Her marks are all in the mid eighties. With the right equipment she is now a permanent member of the swim team. Her coach is encouraging her to do more; stating with her talent she has great promise. He is hopeful that with her training schedule she can possibly compete in the state completions for a chance to challenge for the Olympic swim team.

"Leeza, I'm so proud of you."

"I'm so happy with the changes in my life Daddy. I never realized how wonderful things could be until you came into my life. Daddy, I love you so much."

"And I love you, Leeza."

Again we are hugging; our lips locked. My body is trembling with excitement. We hold each other tight. Leeza's perfume and shampoo fills my nostrils. These feelings should never end. We finally break the embrace.

"Well, I think it is time for dinner. What would you like tonight?"

"You daddy, I want to show you how much."

Looking at her dumbfounded, she is sincere her face radiates warmth and love. Her arms slide around my neck again pulling me toward her body. Leeza kisses me and I return them. Her hands are gently caressing the back of my head. My hands, with a mind of their own, run up and down her back then knead her soft bum. My fingers feel the outline of her lingerie. She is wearing a thong. My heart is pounding.

"Time out."

Breaking our hug pushing away, I am panting from excitement.

"Leeza we have to stop. Things can get out of hand. Let's go to the kitchen and make dinner."

"But daddy I want you."

"You have me for as long as you want me."

"Daddy, you have no idea how I feel right now, look how my body is trembling. I tingle all over. When we are this close, I can't describe the feelings for you."

"I feel the same way. That is why we are going to make dinner right now."

Once in the kitchen; the feeling of excitement slowly drains from my body. That was too close for comfort. As much as I want to have her it can't be the result of Leeza thinking she owes me something. Her reason for this affection has to be from the heart.

I still haven't seen all the bikinis. The only time we have together recently has been during our meals. Leeza has swimming practice every night. With the swimming competition next week her coach had the full team practicing in the morning and the evening.

"What would you like to do on the weekend?"

"Could we stay home? I want to show off my new clothes."

"Tomorrow after work we can go and get supplies for the weekend some steaks and all the trimmings. Did I tell you I got a call from the lawyers this morning?"

"No. Daddy you didn't. What did they want?"

"In ninety days you will be my daughter. The lawyers had your dad sign all the waivers and claims when they confronted him."

"Oh daddy I love you."

Leeza is in my arms. Hugging her tightly, we kiss and kiss again, her lips feel so soft. There are no words to tell the world how proud I will be to become her dad. Leeza will be my reason for living. Running my hands over her back enjoying the warmth of her skin while she rotates her body against my erection. Then she starts moving her pubic region against me.

"Daddy, I want you so much."

"Want me?"

"Yes. I want you like a girl wants a man, like a wife. You told me you haven't had a lady friend in years. I want to be the woman in your love life. I am old enough."

"You are the only woman in my life. Maybe we should call it a night."

Shit another close call, as my feeling for Leeza gets stronger, it won't take much to push me over the edge. Leeza is now the daughter I have never had and admittedly she would be a perfect lover but not as payment for being what a dad should be, there is a need to be very carefully and control my urges. All through the night my thoughts are about Leeza, her innocent beauty, her tasty lips. Every time my eyes close, her smiling face fills my mental screen and her words continue to haunt me. My gut feeling tells me irregardless how much the urge is suppressed something is going to happen.

Friday is a day from hell. Everything that could go wrong does. The only thing that helps me keep my sanity is the knowledge of my weekend with Leeza. During my only coffee break for the day I make a list of things we will need for the total weekend. It is amazing to believe that Leeza has only been a part of my life for such a short time, but her presence fills a large void in my life, giving me a reason to come home. Finally the day ends, dragging my ass out of the office; it is six thirty when my tired body crosses the threshold. Leeza greets me like I have been gone for a month.

"Oh daddy I'm glad you are home, my homework is done, we are going to have a great weekend together."

Leeza is in my arms clinging to me in a bear hug, the touch of her body, her scent has me reeling with the desire that is supposed to be suppressed. The full body contact isn't helping my resolve. If you ever need something to perk you up after a day in hell a hug from Leeza is the ticket. I can feel life pumping back into my body. Everything Leeza does is just right, her body smells so fresh, her shampoo is so tantalizing. Just out of the shower it is an exotic combination.

"Daddy, I have made you a cold drink, enjoy it then we can go and do the shopping. I don't have swim practices tomorrow. I told the coach you needed me."

"After today's screw ups; the only way I kept my sanity was thinking of you. My tired old body gets a charge every time I see you. This is going to be a great weekend. Look at the list; see if there is anything I missed."

As we review the list, the drink brings me back to life. The horrors of the day drain from my mind as I contemplate the whole weekend with and watching Leeza. It will be the first time we spend together as a family, without interruptions, since all this happened. Leeza usually has swimming practice on Saturdays. Leeza makes a few suggestions for items I have neglected. My glass is empty, it did taste good.

"Leeza I'm going to remove my stubble and then we will go to the mall."

The trip is one of the fastest we have ever experienced. We split the list and met at the cashiers.

It isn't long before we are home putting all the purchases away.

"Daddy, why don't you have a shower? I have a few things to do. Then we can watch television."

"Works for me."

Finally in the shower, the warm water feels so good, the tensions of the day seem to evaporate. A double Black Russian will certainly go good about now. Dressed in comfortable baggy shorts, an oversized T-shirt and flip flops I head for the recreation room. We have rented one of the current movies an action mystery. It is all set up. The only thing left to complete the picture is my daughter. A sound on the stairs has me looking, there is Leeza. At first I thought she is naked, a spike runs up and down my spine. Then realizing she's wearing one of her new bikinis and is modeling it. The three very small triangles cover very little. The strings holding the pieces on Leeza's marvelous body leave very little to the imagination. Leeza stops in front of me and slowly turns around giving the full benefit. The string holding her bottoms is buried deep in the crack of her shapely bum, making it appear she is naked from the rear. My desire for my daughter is evident by the tent in my shorts as she flaunts her magnificent body. Her smooth flowing curves increase my desire for her. Leeza is bewitching me and she knows it. The smile she gives me is like a cat who is about to pounce on the canary.

"Well, what do you think daddy?"

"Are you trying to give me a heart attack? You are beautiful. You certainly can't go out in public wearing that."

"Why not daddy, don't you like it? Actually it is only for our pool. I bought it for you. I can see it has it desired effect."

My black witch is more aware of life than I have given her credit for: she knows about the cause and effect of sexual arousal; am I being played? Leeza proceeds to drape herself on me; bare supple skin is everywhere I touch. Lifting my T-shirt, her daintily clad breasts are on my bare chest. Words can't describe the exhilaration I feel, those feelings that are supposed to be suppressed. Closing my eyes accepting the feeling of my daughter in my arms, we enjoy the moment. As her body continues to caress me, we kiss. Suddenly realizing her two hard jewels are very apparent against my chest; our wiggling has moved Leeza's bikini top off her shoulders exposing a beautiful apparition. Facing me are the subjects of many dreams since meeting Leeza, two marvelous breasts topped with dark brown tantalizing nipples. My resistance is crumbling.

"Leeza, I think you had better get dressed so we can watch the movie."

My great defense falls on deaf ears. The little witch looks at me with a taunting smile on her face. Grabbing my ears, she guides my mouth towards her hard nipples; Huston we have a problem, so much for anymore resistance on my part; one of her nipples grazes my lips and is now in my mouth. Leeza responds by sighing and moaning.

"Don't stop."

All pretence has come to an end; switching from one nipple then to the other. Trying to swallow her in one piece, now sensing the heat of her sex, her body is moving uncontrollably, we are both past the point of no return. The two small triangles of cloth are now on the floor. Kissing down her soft tummy; stopping at her belly button, her body tosses and turns as my tongue explores the unknown. Moving downwards finding myself at the doorway to heaven, some curly hair of her fur patch has escaped; the dampness and womanly scent are exhilarating. Hot kisses attack covered luv lips.

"Don't stop, that feels so good, my pussy is on fire."

Now this is out of the mouth of a person that has never murmured a naughty word. Leeza has been holding back. But at this point I am not interested in questioning her. With a flick of her hand the patch that covered heaven joins her top on the floor. Now faced with true beauty, Leeza has trimmed her pussy in an attempt to accommodate the bikini bottom. A small tuft of hair just above her clitoris reminds me of a Brillo Pad. Leeza spreads her legs; now facing me are open black luv lips with a pink centre beckoning me, a small river of creamy white love juice seeps slowly downwards. Resistance is futile; hell who is resisting moving closer to taste heaven. My assignment is clean up. Endeavoring to keep up with the flow has me furiously tonguing her luv lips, each time touching her clitoris. The moans Leeza is emitting sound like a beast in heat.

Leeza's young body is like a rare piece of art molded into an ebony Venus, soft like silk and so lovable. Her flow of juice continues, me still enjoying every drop. This is the way to enjoy the weekend with my face buried in heaven. Her twisting and moaning is proof she is enjoying the manipulations of my tongue. Her body stiffens continually marking climax after climax.

"I love you daddy."

Finally coming up for air we snuggle Leeza breathing heavily; her face nuzzling into my neck, panting with exhaustion, me caressing her body. The experience fulfills all my hidden desires for Leeza since the first day we met. There is no disappointment. Leeza is everything and more than my imagination ever conjured. Still panting heavily into my ear, she is limp in my arms. Gently lifting then carrying her upstairs to her bedroom, laying her naked beauty in bed, I can't help but admire her.

"Daddy, don't go. I haven't done anything for you."

"We have all weekend. I can wait."

Now that comment really takes willpower. Every nerve of my body is aching for relief.

"Don't leave me Daddy. Lay down beside me."

Lying on top of the covers, this isn't a good situation.

"Daddy, that isn't fair."

Leeza wiggles and pulls until she has the cover pulled to one side exposing her body. My shorts show a very pronounced tent. Leeza's nimble fingers undo the button then there is a familiar sound of a zipper being lowered. Her cool hand wraps around my potential cherry remover. It feels good out of its restraints.

"Daddy, do you like that?"

"Yes."

Leeza continues her manipulation of my dolly. Closing my eyes, the pleasant sensation flows through my body. Then her warm moist mouth engulfs the head. Leeza's head is bobbing up and down taking in a goodly length of my shaft, her hand stroking me. Savoring every moment, I haven't felt this good in years. This is when you pray time stands still.

"If you keep that up, I'm going to cum."

"I certainly hope so."

The pressure is building up, my hips involuntary rise off the bed in a humping motion. There is nothing I can do to stop the inevitable, cum surges into Leeza's warm expanse. With the first squirt, Leeza sucks and swallows as her hand squeezes my shaft extracting every drop. Most of the women I have enjoyed in the past wouldn't do as much.

"Thank you, Leeza. I couldn't ask for more."

"Thank you for being my Daddy."

Leeza stretches her naked body beside me draping her leg over mine; her moist pussy sears my skin and mind. What a day it has been, finally falling asleep in each others arms; what can possible be better than this?

When we wake in the morning, we are still entangled. The scent of our spent sex fills the air as we part.

"I think we both need a shower. Last night was wonderful. You are unbelievable. I never thought in a thousand lifetimes I would ever feel that way again. You are too good for me."

"I love you. We are going to have a wonderful weekend don't you think."

We are a mess. Leeza heads for her bathroom with me in toe, watching her naked body has my soldier stirring. The warm water feels so good but my mind is on last night. I still can't believe what happened, it is like a dream. Making myself presentable, I head for the noise in the kitchen. The scent of fresh coffee has me following my nose.

She is wearing an oversized T-shirt but nothing else, very distracting as she walks it flips upwards showing her beautiful slit or crack depend on the direction she is moving. When she hears me, she turns and runs into my arms. She feels and smells fresh; this close to her confirms last night wasn't a dream. Naturally my hands run up and down her body as we kiss.

"This is all I going to wear when we are in the house so you won't forget. I want more of what we enjoyed last night and I want you to make love with me too."

There are tears in my eyes. Just the sight of Leeza's beaming face makes me feel so good and so happy, actually proud that I have been an instrumental change in her life. A grown man crying; while holding his new daughter, what a sight! The way my cock is reacting has me sporting a tremendous erection. Leeza's hand grasps me and gives it a squeeze.

"We are going to put this to a lot of work this weekend. I never thought anything could feel so good. But first we are going to have breakfast; you are going to need all your strength."

"I will make you feel wonderful. I want you so much but both need a good breakfast then a dip in the pool. I want to see you in your bikini actually swimming."

At the table with the morning paper we both enjoy our coffee. Leeza is sitting on a stool at the breakfast bar. She turns around facing me. The witch has pulled up the T-shirt; her legs spread wide showing a lot of pink. It is hard to read the paper with such a diversion facing you.

"That isn't fair. I think you know what that does to me, besides you are wasting a lot of my favorite beverage."

"Well daddy, I'm ready to go again. I want everything."

I can't help but stare at her open pussy, the pink interior a stark contrast to her ebony skin. The sight has my old body energized and raring to go. All the thoughts of being the best daddy in the world are floating out the window; Leeza is going to be the best lover in the world.

"Please stop or I may have to do something."

"Good."

She doesn't stop, the temptation is just too much, and it has been years since I felt so strongly about a woman. Now on my knees, pussy juice after coffee isn't bad especially from a soft black pussy. Leeza's hands on the back of my head guiding me to her clitoris. Her body trembles with a climax.

"Oh Daddy, lets go back to bed."

Picking up Leeza, carrying her to my room, the bed is still made since we slept in her bed. Laying Leeza down, a quick movement has my robe fall to the floor. Leeza has removed her T-shirt and is lying with her legs spread, her sap is flowing.

"Can you think of me as your wife?"

It has been years since my wife past away and in all this time, it never occurred to me that anyone could ever replace the strong feelings I had for her, but looking at Leeza all kinds of crazy things come back to me, my first time with my wife and how it hurt her, we cried together, it didn't stop us for the second time an hour later.

"That is something I never considered until last night, sleeping with you did remind me of the wonderful times with my wife. You are still a virgin. I'm not the biggest in the world but it may hurt stretching to accommodate me. Are you sure?"

"I'm sure Daddy."

"Have you had your period Leeza?"

"Yes Daddy just last week."

"Well the last thing we would want is for you to become pregnant. We will have to use condoms. Next week I will get you an appointment with my doctor. We will get you on the pill as quickly as possible."

"I'm on the pill. I had horrible cramps when I started my period. The doctor put me on the pill to help control them."

Leeza's body arches under the deluge of my kisses. In return she rams her tongue into my mouth playing tongue tag. Sucking each others tongue, there is a distinct taste of toothpaste. The interesting sensation runs through my body, loving Leeza is one of the easiest things to do. Her skin texture is so, so warm, her complexion is fascinating and will keep me interested for an eternity. Running kisses' down her body to her love lips, finds her flow of elixir waiting for my willing tongue. Between her legs, there is no such thing as too much.

"Please daddy, fuck me."

On my back, she moves with me guiding her. With my ram at her opening, she moves the contact is electrifying.

"Leeza I will let you do the honor. When you lower yourself you will feel resistance. That is your hymen or cherry in layman's terms. Once that is removed you will be able to accept all of me."

Leeza wiggles around getting the tip at her entrance. I watch as the swollen head of my dolly disappears a bit at a time. Then resistance we are at her cherry.

"My cock is at your hymen, we can stop now. It will hurt a bit when you loose it but after it should feel good."

Leeza bounces a few times against her cherry. Then she slams her body down. Watching her face as her hymen ruptures, the result from her onslaught, first there is a look of total shock and pain then one of wonderment as my shaft slides deep into her.

"That hurt but now I feel so full."

"You are tense. Let your body relax and accept the changes, then slowly start moving in a pumping motion. Let the relaxing feeling spread throughout your body."

Leeza follows my suggestion. The pressure of her vaginal muscles on my shaft has me reeling with pleasure. She has a look of awe on her face, like she is daydreaming. Watching her is very erotic. Leeza breasts are massive enough that they bounce with every movement. Her nipples point at me like rare jewels. My dolly's movements are mirrored on the expanse of her tummy, the sight is mesmerizing.

"How does it feel Leeza?"

"I have never felt like this. It feels like I am going to explode, it is tingling. Nothing I have experienced before can compare."

"Daddy won't be able last much longer. My climax is so close, there is nothing to be done to stop it; I will explode anytime now. Are you close?"

"Oh yes Daddy, it feels so different. Look my body is trembling. Oh shit something is happening; I'm cumming."

There is not holding back as her body trembles, my hot sperm surges out into her welcoming body. Leeza face freezes with a gasp as she climaxes. There is a definite glow about her. Then her body collapses against me like a rag doll. We are still joined at the hips; however my rigidity is rapidly failing.

"Daddy, that was wonderful. Can we do it again?"

"I wish, daddy will have to recharge his batteries, maybe later."

Lifting her body upwards there as a plop as my limp stub slips out of it warm moist home. It is covered with cum and the reddish tinge of virgin blood. Cum, pussy juice and some blood run down Leeza's leg.

"Your pussy heals quickly; but it will be swollen for a few days. We stink, we both need another shower. Let's do it together."

"Daddy, let me wash you."

"And I will do the honors for you, Leeza."

In the shower Leeza gently washes and fondles me everywhere. Her fingers probe and feel every nock and cranny. Then it is my turn. I love everything about her. We dry each other; I take the opportunity to examine her pussy. It is beautiful. Now so puffy from our sexual activity but the bleeding has stopped. Dusting in her favorite scent, now on my knees kissing her I kiss her pussy in homage.

"Daddy kissed your boo-boo Leeza to make it better."

"Thank you, Daddy. Did you know today is my birthday?"

"Yes, Leeza."

"You have given me the best birthday present in the world. I love you, Daddy."

The rest of the weekend just gets better. I couldn't get enough of Leeza. She is the best daughter a man could ever imagine.

I post these stories in hopes of receiving some feedback from you, the reader. If you would like to read more of my stories, please send an e-mail to email address below telling me your thoughts about this story.

Also it is important that you vote for each story in the form provided on line at the end of each story.

Please mention your country when you write.

Don't put it off, do it today!

I would especially like to hear from any women readers.

For the few who enjoy my work, bookmark my story page and then visit often.

I welcome your comments, both pro and con.

I also solicit your thoughts for Ideas for future stories.

Email me at:

jackspratt@mrdouble.com

This story is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places, and incidents either are products of the author's imagination or are used fictitiously. Any resemblance to actual events or locales or persons, living or dead, is entirely coincidental.

There is no sequel to this story, the rest is for your imagination.
Your opinion is important:
Share with the others what you think about
"Daughter By Choice"
     
Switch to Expanded voting form
The End

Go to Jack Spratt1s Blog
Posted: 2006-06-17
