Home « reddbunnz's Page « Humbled Index - Settings
Chapter 1: The Peeping Step Dad
Posted: October 20, 2009 - 11:03:11 am
Updated: January 15, 2010 - 08:14:18 pm

I had just awakened with a middle of the night urge felt by many 50 something men — the urge to pee. I, like many men my age, have developed a larger than normal prostrate, which wakes me up at least once each night. And since I am in the middle of a total remodeling of the bathroom attached to the Master Suite in my 20 room mansion, I had to wander down the hall to the main second story lavatory. Right past the room now occupied by my 21 year-old daughter, Monica. My daughter that I hadn't seen in almost 15 years, who called three weeks ago and asked to move in my house while she was pursuing an acting career.

As I ventured past Monica's bedroom, I noticed a dim light coming from beneath her slightly open door. And I heard noises. Not just any noises. But cries that appeared to be coming from a man in pain. I also heard a swishing sound, followed by a loud "crack". It sounded like someone was receiving a good whipping. I also heard a female voice yell "Suck that cock, you Bitch!" I stopped to check and see if anything was wrong. Her door was slightly open, so I quietly peered into her room. And I could not believe my eyes.

I saw a sight that I would have never imagined. There was my nearly naked, adult daughter sitting in front of her computer — watching a porn video. But not just any video: It was a video of a naked man, on his knees, sucking another man's cock. He was sucking a cock while a nearly naked woman was whipping his ass with a riding crop. The lady wielding the crop was barely dressed — only wearing black, six inch, fuck-me stiletto heels and matching stockings. I could not see Monica's hands, so I assumed that she was busy pleasuring herself while watching the video. I also could not see the lady's face in the video, as she had her back to the camera while whipping the man's ass. But her ass was quite a site--very lovely and quite fuckable.

There was one thing that really surprised me about this scene. The man's balls sac was pulled back between his legs and was incased in a wooden contraption. It was a wooden frame about three feet long with a hole in the middle. The wooden frame totally encircled his balls sac — a testicle pillory, if you like. And it was long enough to rest against the back of his thighs. If he tried to stand, the testicle pillory would pull his balls sac off. In addition, the man's hands were pulled behind his back and were cuffed to the respective ends of the testicle pillory. So he was stuck in that position, sucking another man's cock while the lady whipped his ass with a riding crop. I was mesmerized by the scene playing on my daughter's computer.

How painful it must be to be in that position. Then I suddenly realized that while I was staring at the computer, my hand was fondling my own cock. It was rock hard. God, I loved this. I suddenly realized what made me hard: I was daydreaming about what it would be like to be in his position. A natural born submissive, I wanted to change places with the man in the video. I then realized that if I didn't move on, I would eventually cum. How would I explain my actions to my daughter? How would I explain why I just spurted my seed all over her door while peeping into her bedroom in the middle of the night? So, I quickly gained control and quietly continued my journey to the bathroom.

Just a little background about me and my daughter: I am a 50 something divorced man. One who was born with a silver spoon in his mouth. My Father was a computer and business genius. Bill Gates may have gotten all the publicity, but there were many like him who went from rags to riches during the 80s and 90s. My Father was one of those who benefited financially, but kept under the radar screen. He was a very domineering man. One who knew what he wanted, and how to get it. He also crushed anyone foolish enough to stand in his way. By the time I was born he was a billionaire.

My Mother, on the other hand, was a typical, rich man's trophy wife. Where he was totally domineering, she was naturally submissive. Blonde and beautiful with big tits and a shapely ass. What we commonly call a "dumb blonde". Dumb like a fox. Although she was an intelligent woman, she never showed it publicly. She also was born dirt poor, and had no desire to return to those roots. She knew that in order to keep the good life she had to keep my dad happy. She knew her role: Cook, clean, and be available sexually whenever needed. A natural Stepford Wife. She knew that her primary job in our family was to provide sex on demand and a male heir. I was that male heir. The first born son and the only child. Immediately after I was born she had her tubes tied. My Father was too busy building a financial empire to worry about raising a family. Like Henry VIII, all he wanted was a male heir.

Once I was born, my Mother's value to my Father decreased immensely. She also knew that keeping him happy sexually was all that remained. And, she was good at her job. To insure that there were no more "surprises", my Father rarely screwed her pussy. His favorite location was either her mouth or her ass. Both were in constant use. My Mother was kept naked whenever we were home alone. No need to cover up her assets. That's all she was to my Father — an asset. The only time she wore panties was during her period. And she never wore a bra. The only real clothing my Mother owned were revealing party dresses. These all had low cut V necklines, and were cut so short she usually showed per pussy whenever she bent over. She was never allowed to wear a bra or panties under these dresses, no matter what the social occasion. At most social events everyone in attendance knew that before the night would end Mother would be naked with cum dripping from her holes.

My Father also was an authoritarian. I learned early in life to disobey him meant the belt. Or, the strap. Always while tied up and naked. Probably because of how both my Mother and I were treated at home, I became a natural submissive. More than once both my Mother and I were tied together -- both naked -- for a joint whipping. My whipping was for something that I either did or failed to do. Hers was for whatever I did or failed to do, because she was responsible for my actions, too. After which I had to watch while my Father fucked my Mother in the ass. To this day I am surprised that I did not receive the same. I was still receiving the strap when I went away to college. I thought all boys received regular whipping like me.

Although I received most of my personality traits from my Mother, I did inherit my Father's love for computers. Like him, I was a computer programming genius. While at school I spent most of my spare time in the computer lab. By the time I graduated, I had written several programs that were marketed exclusively by my Father's company. While working on one of those projects, I met my Father's real life clone. Only this clone was female. She had all of my Father's characteristics. Only she had a cunt between her legs instead of a cock. Other than her gender, she was what my Father wanted me to be.

Her name was Michelle, and eventually she became my Mistress. No, not as in a piece of ass on the side. My Father and I each could buy plenty of those when needed. Michelle became my domineering Mistress. As in Mistress Michelle. She took over dominating me where my Father left off. We were eventually married, and together we had a daughter, Monica. I knew where I stood in the family hierarchy. My Father was top dog, Mistress Michelle was second, and Monica was next. I was beneath all three, and my Mother was dirt. Eventually Mistress Michelle developed a fondness for pussies, so my Mother became her sexual toy, too.

My Mother would never complain, even though my Father was screwing Mistress Michelle more than my Mother. She was younger, prettier, had bigger boobs, and was more fun for an old guy. Mother knew that if she complained, she would be out in the cold. She enjoyed the good life too much to say anything to anyone. I was taught to be bisexual, too, and spent many hours sucking my Father's cock while Mother ate Mistress Michelle's cunt. Mistress Michelle even introduced nudity into my life. Now both my Mother and I were kept totally naked when at home. I was happy living the life of a submissive pussy boy.

Thankfully, Mistress Michelle eventually became bored with our family. Sexually she had migrated from straight, to bi, to the Big L. She now only wanted women, and my Mother was boring to her tastes. She celebrated Monica's sixth birthday by leaving me and moving in with her most current lover. The only thing that we regret about her departure was that she moved in with a very smart attorney. When she filed for divorce, Michelle also concocted a bunch of lies about me and our daughter. In order to protect both my professional and personal lives from these lies, I had to agree to give up all rights to Monica. Michelle was threatening to go public with claims of my pedophilia for our daughter — none of which were true. But, we both knew that going public with such a claim would be disastrous to my life and my Father's company. So to stay out of jail I agreed to give up all visitation rights to Monica.

So, with my personal life destroyed, I concentrated on my professional one. My Father's company continued to prosper. We were getting richer by the day. He was a business genius, and I was the computer programming brains behind the scene. A perfect match. Then one day it all ended. While flying back from a skiing vacation in Colorado, my Father's private plane crashed. There were no survivors. Killed were both pilots, a well stacked flight attendant (my Father's latest play toy), and my Mother. I inherited everything — the company, all our houses (we now had three), and billions in off-shore investments. My ex received nothing. There was a huge trust fund set up for my daughter, Monica, but only with the stipulation that she could not touch it until her 21st birthday. Dad still loved Monica, and wanted to insure her financial stability. She was given a monthly allowance until then, but my Father's will specified that under no circumstances was my ex, Mistress Michelle, allowed access to Monica's trust fund. In short, he had fucked Mistress Michelle one last time before he died.

I was now living alone. My life was totally immersed in my business. I had few friends, and fewer lovers. Most of my sexual jollies came via the internet and my best friend, "Rosy Palm". I was a natural submissive still, but almost everyone in my life that I trusted took advantage of me. So I retreated into my own world. I was a mini Howard Hughes. Just as alone, but not quite as rich or famous. And I loved every minute of my privacy. I did have constant fantasies about submitting to a dominate woman again. But, my business world left little time to act out those interests. The closest that I ever got to making those wet dreams reality was to hire a pro domme and pay her to whip my ass in the privacy of my bedroom. Other than that, my computer and "Rosy Palm" were my best friends.

Then one day my daughter, Monica, called. She was about to celebrate her 21st birthday, which meant that she also was about to gain access to her trust fund. But, she also was smart enough to know that she could not continue living with her Mother once that happened. Her Mother had tried on several occasions to take control of the fund, but my Father's will was ironclad. Only Monica could access that money, and only after her 21st birthday. This was in three weeks. She wanted to move in with me before that event to get away from her gold-digging Mother. She also wanted to become an actress. I was now living in a mansion in Beverly Hills, so moving in with me was perfect for Monica's future plans. I relished the opportunity to get to know my daughter again. She was a stranger, and I wanted her back into my life.

Once she moved in, I was surprised how little my life had changed. My daughter was living the good life while waiting for her break in show business. She was usually still asleep when I left for work in the morning, and I usually returned from my office after she had gone out for the night with her friends. She almost always returned after I had gone to bed for the night. My business required that I work Saturdays, too. We rarely saw each other except on Sundays. This was still better than nothing. She and I also had an understanding that our individual bedrooms were our domains. I had no control over her sexual life, nor she mine. More than once I heard her fucking her brains out in the middle of the night. She was more like her Mother than either of us wanted to admit. But she was a big girl now, so I better not interfere.

That brings me to that night. After draining my bladder, I quietly sneaked back down the hall to the safety of my own room. As I passed her bedroom, I noticed her door was now shut. I wondered if there was someone in there now. But that's her business. I got back into bed, ditched my undies, and re-discovered the joys of "Rosy Palm". All I could think about was how could I become the guy in the video.
Chapter 2
Home - Top   Feedback to author

Home « reddbunnz's Page « Humbled Index « Previous - Settings
Chapter 2: A Humble Introduction
Posted: October 20, 2009 - 11:03:11 am
Updated: January 15, 2010 - 08:14:18 pm

The next day all I could think about was that guy on his knees, with his balls sac pulled behind his legs, sucking another man's cock while getting a whipping. All day I wondered what it would feel like to have my balls sac pulled behind my legs with no mercy. What it would feel like to be in his position? I even cruised the net looking for pictures or videos of men in that position. But I didn't know what the device is called. Finally, when I ran a search for 'cbt devices', I saw it. It's called "The Humbler" and comes in either hard plastic or finished wood. With or without padlocks. With or without electrical stimulation. All I knew for sure is that I needed to try one.

That night, after I thought I heard Monica leave for her nightly partying, I decided to take the bull by the balls, so to speak. I decided to sneak up to her room and see what other delights she keeps hidden on her computer. I waited until my normal bedtime, so if she returned early I could duck into my room and claim that everything was normal. Normal, except I would be naked.

So, there I was — sneaking down the hall of my own home, buck naked, sporting a hard on, looking to become a Peeping Tom by violating my daughter's private stuff. I was going to access her computer and see what kind of kinky things she has stored there. The lights in her room were off, but a dim light kept flickering through her open doorway. Why? She never leaves her door open when she's not home. As I got closer I realized the flickering light was her computer. Keeping my body hidden, I stretched my neck forward to look into her room. Yep, the flickering light was her computer, which was left on. And the same video that I saw last night was on the screen again. Only this time it was in the paused position. An unknown guy on his knees, with his hands and balls sac locked in The Humbler behind his legs, was pictured on the screen. The scene showed the riding crop landing on his already red ass. It also showed a cock rammed all the way in his mouth and a white substance dripping from his lips. The man he was sucking had just cum.

CLICK, CLACK, CLICK, CLACK.

Suddenly I froze. I knew that sound. A woman walking on stilettos. My daughter was home, and this time of night she always wore stilettos. Especially when naked. Suddenly I felt two hands encircle my chest, pinning my arms at my side. She reached around and began to fondle my tits. Suddenly her naked tits were caressing my back. She took the thumb and forefinger of each hand and began pinching my nipples. I could feel my cock getting harder.

"Like what you see, you dirty Daddy?" Monica teased. "What do you like the most? Seeing him on his knees with his balls sac locked in The Humbler? Watching him suck another man's cock? Or, is it both?"

I was speechless. Caught red-handed, so to speak, by my beautiful and naked daughter. Did I mention that she inherited many of her Mother's traits? Blonde, beautiful, big tits, shapely ass, slender but not skinny body. A perfect 10. I have spent many nights masturbating while fantasizing about her. Now, here she was, teasing me! And I was too afraid to talk.

"Cat got your tongue, you dirty old man?" she continued. "Do you really like what you see?"

With that statement, she slowly moved her hand away from my left tit and began caressing my chest and abdomen as she moved her hand down erotically. Eventually, her hand reached my groin and grasped my now engorged cock.

"I think that you do like what you see," she added. "Very, very much. This poor excuse for a cock appears to be very excited right now. Is that because it wants to play like the guy on the computer?"

I still was speechless. My sexual inexperience was showing. So was my submissiveness.

Next, she released her hold on my right tit and moved her right hand down towards my ass. She suddenly reached between my legs and grabbed my balls sac with her right hand. Then, without warning, she began to squeeze my balls. Here sharp fingernails bit into the balls sac. She began to pull the balls sac down and to the rear, causing immense pain to shoot through my groin.

"On your knees, you worthless piece of shit!" she ordered as she continued to pull my balls sac down and to the rear. While she was putting my balls through hell, she was also stroking my cock. Pain and pleasure at the same time. Something that I had previously experienced while living with her Mother and my Dad. Believe it or not, I was enjoying the sensation. I knew that if she kept this up I probably would cum.

"Don't you dare cum, you worthless worm!" she ordered. "Now, crawl over and bury your face on the end of my bed!"

I did as ordered. I crawled to the end of her bed as she continued to pull my balls sac down and to the rear while stroking my cock. When I was in position, she released my cock and reached under her bed. I could hear her pull something out from under the bed. Then, suddenly it was done.

CLACK! CLICK! She released her hand from my balls, but they were not free. I now knew what had happened. She had just locked my balls sac into one of those Humbler devices. Only this one felt cold, and was much shorter than the one in the video on her computer.

"OK, you stupid Mother Fucker!" she yelled. (Was that just an expression, or did she know that I used to fuck both her Mother and mine while Dad watched?) "Crawl over to the computer. OK, stop right there." She had me stop about two feet from the monitor, still on my hands and knees with The Humbler pulling my balls sac to the back. Every time I tried to stand The Humbler pulled on my balls sac and pain shot through my groin. I quickly learned not to try and stand when imbedded in this device.

"Ok, you pig! You dirty Daddy Pig!" she belittled as she spoke. "Yes, that's your new name: Daddy Pig! You, and the rest of the worthless men in this world, exist for one reason and one reason only: To serve the dominant sex. Your needs mean nothing to us. Our pleasure is all that counts. I know, for centuries men treated women as worthless tits and cunts. Nothing but cum receptacles and baby machines. But we are now taking our rightful place. Millions of men around the country are getting introduced to The Humbler. Most learn to like it, just as you will. Those who protest will probably disappear soon. Now that we have a woman President and a large feminist majority in Congress and on the Supreme Court, you men will soon learn that you have no rights. We even control every state government except Utah, and one day we will liberate millions of Mormon pussies, too. Your only reason for living is to be our boy toys. Assholes with tongues. Vibrators with feet. And, your training begins tonight!
Chapter 3
Home - Top   Feedback to author
Home « reddbunnz's Page « Humbled Index « Previous - Settings
Chapter 3: A Painful Experience
Posted: October 20, 2009 - 11:03:11 am
Updated: January 15, 2010 - 08:14:18 pm

There I was. Naked with my balls pulled behind my legs and entombed in a pillory like device. Staring at a computer showing another naked man in a similar position. Only this man was also sucking a cock while getting whipped. The anticipation was killing me. I could not wait for my turn.

"Oh, My Gooooooooodddddd!" I screamed as sharp pain shot throughout my groin. My entire balls sac was immersed in pain. Just as suddenly as it began, it stopped.

"Music to my ears," Monica gloated. "I love to hear male pigs scream. That's just a sample of what will happen whenever you displease me from now on. Notice that The Humbler that you are wearing is little bit different than the one in the video. The Mistress in the video loves to whip her toys, so she always uses the model with cuffs. Now, don't get me wrong. There's nothing I like seeing better than a bright red ass decorated with stripes. You will be whipped, too. But, I find electro stimulation a better means for training and discipline. Every time you refuse and order, you will be shocked. Every time you displease me, you will get shocked. Every time I feel that you are not doing a good enough job, you will get shocked. And, one last thing: On the rare occasions that I let you fuck me, if you cum before me you will get the shock of your life. So the sooner you learn your place in life, the less painful it will be. Now, watch the video. There will be a test at the end,"

Then Monica hit the re-start button and the video returned to the beginning and restarted. I watched as the lucky guy was entombed in his Humbler, his hands were attached to the cuffs, and he was spanked with a riding crop. Suddenly a second guy wearing The Humbler entered the frame, and the first guy quickly took the second guy's cock into his mouth and began sucking. In and out, in and out. Then the camera panned back so that I could not only see both guys, but also the two women urging them on. Both guys were getting whipped with a riding crop, and the blows were in unison. Each lady was timing her strikes when both of the guys were relaxed after each suck on the cock. Each blow would drive the guys together, forcing the sucker's mouth forward onto the cock, and the cock forward into the sucker's mouth. Over and over. They both loved it.

Suddenly I realized the lady on the left is Monica. My daughter was whipping the guy getting his cock sucked! Then the camera zoomed in on the action again. I could see that the cocksucking guy's mouth was in the shape of an oval. And it never changed position. Same size, whether the cock was fully inserted or withdrawn. I also saw slobber running from his lips, down his jaw, and dripping from his chin. He also had a leather strap running from the corner of his mouth to the back of his head. He was wearing some sort of device that was forcing his mouth opened. A spider gag? No, a ring gag. That's it. He's wearing a ring gag, which was holding his mouth open in a near perfect oval shape. It was lodged behind his teeth, forcing his mouth to stay open. Next, the guy getting sucked surged forward. His cock began to pulse. He forced his cock as far into the mouth as possible. A white substance began to drip out of the cocksucker's mouth. The guy on the left was cumming into the cocksucking guy's mouth. What the cocksucker could not swallow was running out and down his jaw.

"OK, Bitches, switch!" Ordered one of the ladies. Then the camera panned to the right, and I saw the woman whipping the guy on the right. I could not believe my eyes. It was Mistress Michelle, my ex wife! She was as beautiful as ever. Much older, but still a Perfect 10. Her tits were bigger than ever. I did not see any sagging. She must have had some work. Her nipples were rock hard. She always got off treating men like shit. She loved it.

Then the camera zoomed back and I saw the guy who had just gotten his cock sucked was now sucking the other guys cock. The whipping began again. "OK, enough of the video," Monica announced. "First question... ?" Monica then asked me a series of questions about the video. Each time I did not respond fast enough, my balls got shocked. If my answer was wrong, I got shocked again. Over and over. Painful jolt after painful jolt. I quickly learned to answer her questions as quickly as possible. One painful jolt after a wrong answer was better than two if I did not respond quickly enough. I was like I was Pavlov's dog. And the worst thing about the experience: I was beginning to like it.

"Enough of your fun. Now it's my turn." She announced. Monica then grabbed me by the cock and led me over to her bed. She sat down on the edge of the bed and spread her legs wide open. Her cunt came into full view.

"OK, open wide," she commanded. She was holding a ring gag. I knew better than to hesitate. I opened my mouth wide and she inserted the plastic oval behind my teeth, then pulled the strap tight behind my head. My mouth was now forced to stay open. And, the opening in the oval gag was big enough for me to get my tongue, or a cock, through.

"Lesson number one. Pigs like you only have two features that are usable: An asshole for fucking and a tongue for pussy and asshole licking. Tonight you are going to learn the proper way to eat pussy. Now, get your pussy fucking tongue over here and get busy." Suddenly another jolt ran through my balls. I quickly moved my head between her legs. As I got closer to her sex, I noticed that her pussy lips were covered with a dried white substance. There was more imbedded inside her cunt. Now, it's been a while since I was last in this position. But I know dried cum when I see it. Monica was fucked earlier, and I was about to clean up the leftovers. I was about to eat a creampie for the first time in many years. It would not be my last.

Zaaaaaappppppp!!

"Yeeeeeooooooo!!!" I screamed.

"I said get busy and eat my pussy, you worthless Daddy Pig!" She screamed. I quickly pushed my tongue into her pussy and began my duty. I quickly remembered how much I loved the taste of a freshly fucked cunt! I could not wait to lick cum from her asshole, too.
Chapter 4
Home - Top   Feedback to author
Home « reddbunnz's Page « Humbled Index « Previous - Settings
Chapter 4: The Rules Change
Posted: October 20, 2009 - 11:03:11 am
Updated: January 15, 2010 - 08:14:18 pm

The following morning I awoke as normal, but was surprised to see that I still was wearing The Humbler, handcuffs, and the ring gag. However, when I moved my wrists behind my back the cuffs popped open. Next, I reached behind my legs and pulled on The Humbler. It, too, popped open. Lastly, I removed the ring gag and got ready for work. Naturally Monica was not awake yet, so I left her a brief note before making the journey into my office.

Most of that morning all I could think about was how I spent most of the night naked with a ring gag in my mouth while savoring the taste of dried pussy and cock cum, my hands cuffed behind my back, and my balls imprisoned in The Humbler. I had to finish a major software program that had to be presented to the Federal Commerce Department the next day, but was having trouble concentrating on the final de-bugging process. About an hour after I got to work my corporate legal director called me to say that there had been some major law changes during the night in Congress, and I needed to come to his office quickly. I explained that I did not have time, but he quickly replied that the future of my company might depend upon some decisions we needed to make quickly.

Upon entering his office area, I said good morning to his administrative assistant, Carol. She was wearing her normal low cut blouse sans bra and a very short mini skirt. She also was wearing her normal fuck-me stiletto heels and matching stockings. Her nipples appeared to be hard and were trying to poke through her sheer blouse. I always suspected that there was something funny going on between Carol and my legal director, Donald. He probably had been playing with her tits right before I arrived. But as long as she was not objecting, I found it easier to stay out of their private lives. This was my submissive side. I found it easier to ignore the obvious than to take a stand. Later I would find out that this was a major management error.

Upon entering his office, I saw Donald busy on his computer. He quickly asked me to wait about 30 seconds while he finished researching a new bill that was passed that night in Congress.

"Well, Donald, what's so important that it could not wait?" I asked.

Donald began to explain the many activities of the now powerful Pussy Power Party (PPP) that was currently in total control of the U.S. Government and 49 of the 50 states governments. He explained that the U.S. House of Representatives is not only seventy-five percent women, but also two-thirds of those women also belong to the ruling PPP. In the Senate the majority is now 99-2 in favor of women, of which 90 are PPP members. The PPP also controls the White House (President Gloria Stedmann and Vice President Nancy Polski have been active PPP members for the past 20 years) and six of the nine Supreme Court judges.

"Early this morning Congress finished passing a bill that will change our lives forever," Donald reported. "It just passed the legislation that we all have feared: the Subversive Chauvinists Act (SCA). This law will make the lives of all men one living hell from now on."

Donald went on to explain that the SCA basically gives all women the right to have any man they want arrested and charged with a SCA crime. The SCA law is similar to the Sexual Discrimination laws that were passed in the early 2000s, but SCA violations are criminal crimes and include criminal, not civil, penalties. He explained that women can have men arrested for almost anything under the guise of SCA misconduct. He also said that the SCA law has three levels of punishment, any of which would ruin a man's life.

For a man to be arrested and charged as a SCA Level One violator, it only takes two female private citizens or one female law enforcement officer to sign the SCA complaint. He said the law is rather vague, and does not define exactly what constitutes a SCA violation. So almost anything sexual can be considered illegal under the law. He further explained that the penalty for any man convicted as a SCA Level One offender is: 1) A mandatory public flogging; 2) Total public and private nudity for the remainder of his life; and 3) He is to be publicly and permanently branded with a giant red "C" on his right ass cheek so any woman would know that he is a convicted SCA offender."

"For a man to be charged with a SCA Level Two crime, five, not two, private female citizens or two, not one, female law enforcement officers have to sign the complaint. However, if any man is charged as a SCA Level One offender for the second time, it is mandatory that the charges are immediately upgraded to SCA Level Two. The penalty for a SCA Level Two conviction is: 1) A public flogging; 2) Total public and private nudity for the remainder of his life; 3) Two permanent red "C" brands, one on each ass cheek; and 4) He is permanently declared a non-human and is sold into slavery for the remainder of his life. Any one of the ladies who signed the complaint will have the right of first refusal to purchase the new slave. If all refuse or cannot afford the court assigned price, the slave will then be sold at a public slave auction. Either way, the man will be spending the remainder of his life in slavery to a Feminist pussy or asshole."

Donald continued, "SCA Level Three is the worst. Any complaint filed against a man for a SCA Level Three crime has to be signed by 10 female private citizens or by three female law enforcement officers. Or, if a man is charged with his second SCA Level Two or a third SCA Level One crime, the charges are automatically upgraded to SCA Level Three. SCA Level Three is a mandatory capital offense. Any man convicted of a SCA Level Three violation will be immediately executed at the completion of the trial. And, any crime of violence against women, including any form of rape or wife beating, is now a SCA Level three crime and conviction carries the mandatory death sentence."

Donald concluded, "There are no appeals to any SCA conviction, so anyone sentenced as a SCA violator is screwed for life. The SCA law goes into effect at midnight tonight and is retroactive for five years. All of us could be naked and in handcuffs this time tomorrow."

I was dumbfounded as I digested the information that Donald had just explained. Of course he did not know that I was a natural submissive, and had spent most of last night naked and in handcuffs anyway. I also could see his concern. He probably had been forcing Carol to suck his cock or bend over for a good pussy or ass reaming daily. Since this act was retroactive, he probably would be charged by Carol or some other woman that he had been sexually harassing for the past five years.

We continued to talk about the financial effects of the SCA on the company when suddenly Donald's computer began to beep like crazy. He said these were special legal news event alerts and he wanted to check and see what was happening around the legal world. Just as he was about to sign back onto his computer, the door opened and in walked Carol and my admin assistant, Joyce. Both were bottomless. Both ladies also had removed their skirts and panties, and were only wearing fuck me stiletto heels and stockings below the waist. In addition, Joyce was topless, too. All she wore were her stocking and stilettos.

"OK, you pigs," Carol announced. "We know that you have been talking about the new SCA Act. It was signed into law by President Stedmann five minutes ago and goes into effect at midnight tonight. It also is retroactive for five years, so in reality it is in effect right now. So unless you both want to be charged as SCA offenders at 12:01 AM tonight, strip naked right now! Then crawl over here and kiss our asses!" Both ladies then walked over to Donald's desk, bent over at the waist, and exposed both their assholes and pussies to our view. Carol's asshole looked like it was full of shit. And her pussy lips appeared to be coated with dried cum. She had, indeed, been busy before I arrived.

Donald and I both were dumbfounded. We looked at each other with pure amazement. I really did not understand why Joyce was involved, for I had always treated her with the utmost respect. But, I could understand why Carol wanted revenge on Donald.

"Listen, you fuckin' pigs," Carol screamed. "You've got 30 seconds to get naked and kiss our asses, or I will go get Jolene (another very fuckable admin assistant) and two others, and the five of us will all sign a SCA Level Two complaint against you both. I think you know what that means. You both will be our slaves before nightfall!"

Now I knew for sure that I should have protected Carol more from Donald during the past. She was really pissed and Donald was going to pay. I figured that I was just caught in the crossfire, and Joyce was only here to support her best friend's revenge. Although I love to be submissive to a strong woman, I want to have some control over when and where. (Yes, I like to top from the bottom whenever possible.) I also knew that I could not take any chances, so I immediately began to strip. Donald saw my actions and finally gave in. We were both now naked, and had our tongues buried in the asses of our admin assistants. Donald's always been dominant around women, so this humiliation was affecting him much more than me. Actually I was fantasizing that I also was wearing The Humbler as I tongue fucked my admin assistant.

After about five minutes of anal tongue action, Carol suddenly stood up. "OK, pigs, it's time for something new," she announced. "Joyce, floor!" My admin assistant immediately lied down on her back on the floor and spread her legs wide, showing everyone her now wet pussy. Carol immediately walked over to Joyce, then stood with one foot on each side of Joyce's head while facing Joyce's feet. She slowly squatted until her pussy and ass were about six inches above Joyce's face.

"Ok, pigs, here's the drill. Joyce is going to suck my cunt while Donald fucks my ass. Donald, keep fucking me even after you have shot your cum into my cunt. Keep going until Joyce has completely cleaned my cunt. And, you, Mr. Company president, are going to fuck Donald in the ass at the same time. I want to hear your balls slapping his ass or you and he will change places. Once again, don't stop when you cum. Keep fucking his ass until I tell you to stop."

With that, Carol quickly lowered her crotch down and planted her pussy directly onto Joyce's face. Donald also quickly inserted his rock hard cock into Carol's ass. With each thrust of his cock, Donald was receiving a cock massage from both Carol's pussy and Joyce's tongue.

"OK, Mr. President, get busy or we will fill your asshole," Carol commanded. Suddenly I realized that these three had played this game before, and now it was my turn to join in on the fun. So I dropped to my knees and inserted my now rock hard cock into Donald's ass. It felt real gooooooodddddd.

This action continued for about an hour, after which everybody was sexually spent. It was then that I realized that Carol is a bisexual nympho. She loves to fuck and be fucked by both sexes. I also had just learned that Donald and Joyce were both Carol's sexual bitches. And it looked like I just joined the club.

As I was leaving Donald's office he let out a yell. "I can't believe it," he yelled. "The PPP has just announced that at 12:01 midnight tonight it is submitting a SCA Level Three complaint against Brush Bimbo, the voice of the Male Chauvinist movement. It will contain the signatures of every female employee at his radio network. It looks like we are going to have the first SCA execution very soon."

"Ah, shit!" Donald continued. "Do you still have that presentation scheduled at the Federal Commerce Department tomorrow?"

"Yes, at 3 PM in Director Jane Smith's office," I replied.

"Well, I have you ever been the focus of a CFNM party?" he asked. "Because President Stedmann just issued an Executive Order declaring all Federal Properties to be Male Clothing Free. The proclamation is invoking the SCA and said that all males of any age must be naked when on Federal Grounds. Beginning midnight tonight, any male caught wearing clothes will be arrested on the spot and charged as a SCA Level One offender. That means that you must give your presentation naked."

With that, I went back to work. I still needed to finish my program for the presentation at the Federal Commerce Department the next day. And, I needed to do it in the nude. That is, if I am still a free man at that time.
Chapter 5
Home - Top   Feedback to author
Home « reddbunnz's Page « Humbled Index « Previous - Settings
Chapter 5: The Pillory Stockade
Posted: January 15, 2010 - 08:17:16 pm

Upon arriving home, I was greeted by Mistress Monica at the front door wearing her now normal household attire (stiletto heels and stockings, and nothing else). She quickly told me that she was aware of the new SCA rules, and unless I wanted to be charged as a SCA pervert from now on I was to be totally naked while in her company. I only would be allowed to dress for corporate functions. Other than that, I was to be totally nude. In addition, I would be required to wear my ring gag and handcuffs at all times when at home, and The Humbler whenever my duties did not require me to walk or stand. So not wanting to be charged as an SCA violator, I quickly disrobed and knelt on the floor before her. She inserted by ring gag and cuffed my hands behind my back, but left The Humbler off for the moment.

She then told me that we were going out for the night, but not to worry about food because I would get plenty of nourishment once we got to our destination. As I walked down the hallway I heard slurping noises coming from the main room. I glanced into the room and was once again shocked. Sitting on the sofa, dressed in the same manner as Monica (naked except for stiletto heels and stockings) was my ex wife, Mistress Michelle. Kneeling between her legs and obviously tongue fucking her pussy was another naked woman. She was wearing the same items as the other two, except that her hands were cuffed behind her back and she had red marks all over her back and ass. She obviously had been the recipient of the lash shortly before I arrived home.

"Monica, darling, please introduce us." Michelle commanded.

"Mistress Michelle, I'd like you to meet my new male pig. I just call him Daddy Pig," Monica responded. "Daddy Pig, do you remember Mistress Michelle, the old broad that used to fuck your ass?" Of course, with the ring gag in my mouth all I could do was nod my head in acknowledgement.

"Yes, I am very familiar with Daddy Pig," Michelle responded. "Daddy Pig, I'd like to introduce you to my newest slut, Samantha, or Slut Sam, for short. Slut Sam, turn and face your new slut partner, Daddy Pig." Slut Sam immediately stopped eating Michelle's pussy and turned to face Monica and me. She was absolutely gorgeous. Tall, slender, blond hair, shapely hips, and big tits. Of course. Michelle never associated with women with small tits. She was one of the 'beautiful people', and only associated with her kind. I also was surprised to see that she had rather large weights dangling from both tits and also from her pussy lips.

"Daddy Pig, why don't you introduce yourself to Slut Sam," Monica ordered. I slowly walked over to Slut Sam. Then I realized that Slut Sam and I both had our hands cuffed behind our backs, so a traditional greeting was out of the question.

"No, you stupid cocksucker," Monica responded. "The proper way for you to great anyone — male, female, or both — is on your knees and worshipping their sex. Now, get down there and kiss her cunt!" I immediately dropped to the floor, crawled over to Slut Sam, and reached out with my mouth and began to lick her pussy. Her slit was dripping wet, so she obviously gets off on licking other pussies.

"Enough of the fun," Monica said. "It's time to go to The Pillory Stockade."

I had only heard rumors about The Pillory Stockade. I did not know that it existed for sure until my daughter mentioned it earlier in the evening. The Pillory Stockade, aka The Pillory, is a place that I occasionally heard some of the younger people in the office discussing over the water coolers on Monday morning. I learned later that membership in this club is very exclusive, and it caters to a very select group of patrons. I had always considered it a country club for kinky perverts.

Suddenly Monica snapped a dog collar around my neck, a blindfold over my eyes, attached a dog leash to the collar, and began pulling me towards our garage. Surely she wouldn't do it. She is NOT going to take me and Slut Sam out in public naked? She saw the look of surprise on my face, and quickly added, "Don't worry, Daddy Pig. You won't be the only naked male pig in bondage tonight. Slut Sam loves to be naked in public, too, so learn to live with it!" The die has been cast, and now my life has been changed forever.

I'm not sure how long we were in the car, and based on the street noises it was apparent that we were somewhere in the center city. The club itself must be top shelf, for upon our arrival it sounded like the club offered valet parking. Either that, or Monica was able to find a parking spot directly in front of the club.

After entering the club, Monica removed my blindfold, ring gag, and handcuffs, then led me up to the registration desk. Behind the desk were three naked ladies. All three had shackles connected by short chains between their ankles. Their wrists were similarly bound. All three also wore nipple clamps that supported a small sign dangling in their cleavage that declared that they were "Trustees". Trustees? What type of club is this? And what about the SCA rules?

"Welcome to The Pillory Stockade," the lady behind the desk reported. "My name is Trustee Pussy Slut Amy, at your service. It appears that you have two more criminals to be prosecuted and punished tonight. What are their charges?" Criminals? Charges? What was she talking about?

"This one has refused to drink my piss," Mistress Michelle said as she pulled Slut Sam forward by her leash. "And, this is the third time that she has been brought here for that offense."

"This male pig has refused to tongue fuck my ass," Mistress Monica added as she pulled me forward.

"Well, we can take care of these criminals for you. But, first we need to take care of some recent legal paperwork. This is a private club, and therefore is exempt from the SCA rules and regulations. Do you all voluntarily agree to waive your rights and responsibilities under the SCA while in the club?" Amy asked all four of us. She waited until all four of us verbally agreed. She then made all four of us sign a written statement to that effect. Only after we had given the signed statements back did Amy proceed with our registration and entry into the club.

"Trustee Pussy Slut Beth, black collar and cuffs for the male pig. Trustee Pussy Slut Marjorie, yellow collar and cuffs for the piss cunt," Amy told the two trustee sluts standing behind her. Quickly our wrists were pulled behind our backs again and were bound together by handcuffs supplied by the club. Black on me, yellow on Slut Sam. Ditto for our collars. We also were fitted with new black and yellow ring gags. Only these ring gags held our mouths open further than those supplied by Mistresses Monica and Michelle. Next a leash was attached to our collars and suddenly we were being lead towards a heavy steel door behind the registration desk. Amy had to unlock it with a big steel key. And, the real scary thing was the door was labeled "Dungeon." 'What am I going to experience tonight?' was my only thought.

As we entered the main room, I was amazed when I saw the various features of the room. In the middle of the room were many dining tables, each with multiple masters or mistresses enjoying drinks and dinner. The servers waiting on each table were naked. Some of the servers were standing while taking or delivering food and drink orders. But, several others were on their hands and knees, with their heads under the table. Later I learned that each of these table servers were trustees, and to become a trustee you had to have endured a minimum of three pillory punishments.

What I found to be the most surprising was the areas surrounding the dining and drinking section. On the far wall, opposite the "dungeon" entry door, was a two level stage. On the lower level of the stage were four pillories. Each held a naked person bent at the waist with their heads and hands imprisoned in the pillory facing the rear of the stage, and their ass facing the center of the room. Each person locked in the pillory was busy servicing the sexual needs of masters or mistresses. Most of the pilloried prisoners were getting orally and anally raped at the same time. There also was a waiting line along the both sides of the stage — probably others waiting to get serviced by whomever was in the next available pillory. Behind the four pillories on the upper level of the stage was an area that looked like a small courtroom, complete with a judge's bench.

Located to the right of the main stage were two smaller areas, each complete with more prisoners enduring additional humiliations. The area near the wall to the right of the stage area was where unlucky prisoners were positioned on their knees, with their hands and ankles cuffed together behind their backs. Each wore black collars and wrist and ankle shackles similar to the ones I wore and were held in place by a yoke-like device around their necks. This yoke-like device held their heads at crotch level for most standing adults. And, each person locked in the yokes was busy either sucking the cock or licking the pussy of a master or mistress standing directly in front of them. Above the subjects imprisoned in this area was a neon sign, "Glory Yokes".

But, the most disgusting sight of all was the area located near the corner where the two walls met. This area had a neon sign listing the location as the "Public Urinal". In this area each prisoner was also positioned on their knees, but their hands and ankles were held in place behind their backs in a stockade like device. This not only kept them from moving, but also kept their head and body fully accessible. Once again, their head was positioned at crotch level for most standing adults. The masters or mistresses in this area were all busy pissing on the prisoners or receiving a post piss tongue cleaning. Each prisoner also was wearing a yellow collar and wrist and ankle shackles, and each was not only covered from top to bottom in yellow pee, but also was kneeling on a pee covered floor. The smell in that area was horrible. That's when I knew where Slut Sam would be spending a large part of the evening.

Along the wall to the left and perpendicular to the main stage area were about a dozen or so X crosses, each with either a male or female prisoner attached. Each had his/her arms pulled up and shackled above their heads while their legs were pulled apart and shackled near the floor. Their bodies now resemble the letter X. Surprisingly, several of the prisoners had a naked trustees kneeling in front of them and were receiving oral stimulation.

Suddenly the two trustees leading Slut Sam and me stopped in front of two vacant X crosses, where we were each turned, placed in the proper position, then shackled to the X cross. Slut Sam was now attached to the X cross directly next to me. Next, one of the trustees informed me that this was the waiting area for those who had not yet seen the judge. She then dropped to her knees and began to give me a blowjob. The other simultaneously began eating Slut Sam's pussy. But, just as I was getting that familiar feeling in my groin and thought I was about to cum, she stopped. She explained that prisoners are not allowed to cum, and any trustee who allows a prisoner to cum will immediately be placed in a pillory and lose his/her Trustee rights. She then gave me one last lick and turned and walked away, leaving me immensely frustrated. It would not be the last frustration of the evening. Watching her wiggle her naked ass as she walked made me want to cum even more, further adding to my humiliation and torture. Or, so I thought.

Suddenly there was a public address announcement blaring out of the overhead speakers: "The Prisoner in Pillory A has completed the first phase of its punishment. The prisoner will be available for the remainder of the evening in the 'Public Urinal'." Then I saw two trustees release the prisoner in one of the pillories and lead her towards the "Public Urinal" area. She also had on a yellow collar and wrist and ankle shackles. I was now sure what awaited Slut Sam.

This was followed by another public address announcement indicating that someone named Male Pig James was charged with illegal masturbation by someone named Master Bob. Then one of the male prisoners got released from an X frame and was led to the upper stage and positioned in front of a master dressed like a judge. They were joined by another Master, probably Master Bob. After a brief discussion, the slave was locked into the vacant pillory. Then the PA announced that Male Pig James had been convicted of illegal masturbation and was hereby sentenced to one hour of pillory time and two hours of Gory Yoke time. The prisoner also wore a black collar and wrist and ankle shackles. I now had a preview of what the evening had in store for me.

After about an hour of hanging on the X Frame, the first sign that I was about to begin my humiliation occurred: I heard the announcement that Slut Sam was ordered to the stage to face the Master Judge. After a brief discussion with the judge, her sentence was announced: "Former Trustee Pussy Slut Sam has been found guilty for a third time of refusing to drink her Mistress' piss. Since she has been found guilty of the same office three times, the 'Three Strikes Rule' has been instituted. Thereby, Former Trustee Pussy Slut Sam has forfeited her position and rights as a Trustee. Piss Cunt Sam, you are herby sentenced to spend the next one hour in the Pillory Stockade, and the remainder of the night until closing in the 'Public Urinal'. Take the prisoner away."

I could not believe what I heard. Slut Sam had been a Trustee, but was now considered a Piss Cunt who would spend the night in the 'Public Urinal'. I must remember to never piss off my ex-wife again.

Next, Marjorie began to unfasten my shackles. My relief was short lived, however, for as she was unbuckling my wrists I suddenly heard Beth, who had been sucking the cock of the male pig prisoner on my right, exclaim "Oh, shit!" I looked over and saw she had his cum dripping from her lips and splattered on her face and tits. She had just committed a cardinal sin — she had allowed a prisoner to cum.

Immediately she stood up and crossed her arms behind her back. Marjorie quickly went to her, attached a leash to her collar, and led her away to face the Master Judge. After a brief discussion with the Master Judge, Beth was locked into the only open pillory. The PA announcement informed everyone that Beth had just permitted a male pig to cum, and her sentence was to spend the remainder of the night in a pillory. The announcement also proclaimed that all her holes were available for use by any Master, Mistress, or other Trustee. She still had the male pig prisoners cum on her face and tits, and would have much more before the night was over.

After about a fifteen minute delay, another of the pillories became vacant, with its former occupant now headed for the 'Glory Yoke' area. It was now my turn to face the Master Judge.

"Mistress Monica, who is this piece of shit and what did he do?" asked the Master Judge.

"His human name is Daddy Pig, and he refuses to tongue fuck my ass," Monica replied. Of course that was not true, for I had rimmed her many times since our sexual relationship had begun. But, what I said or did was of no concern to the Master Judge. Monica's opinion was the only one that mattered.

"Oh, it does," the Master Judge replied. That's when I noticed that he always referred to all prisoners as 'it', not by their gender or names. "Daddy Pig, I sentence you to serve one hour in a Pillory, and the remainder of the night in a 'Glory Yoke'. In addition, an 'Asshole Tongue Fucker' sign will be located over your head while you are locked up in both locations. By the end of the evening, you will come to love the taste of ass." Of course, Monica and I both were hiding our desires to laugh at the Master Judge, for we both knew how much I like to lick her asshole.

As I was led towards the only open pillory by Marjorie we passed the pillory holding Piss Cunt Sam. I could only see her from the rear momentarily as she was getting fucked in the asshole by a big, burly Master. However, between strokes I was able to see that she had cum dripping out of both her asshole and pussy. Then I passed a male pig in the same condition, with cum dripping out of his asshole. I knew that soon I would be dripping cum, too.

After arriving at the open pillory, Marjorie ordered me to 'assume the position'. I knew that meant to place my neck and wrists in the openings. As soon as I felt the top of the pillory frame close, a lock was snapped shut. Then Marjorie forced my legs apart and locked them into a horizontal stock-like device that held my legs spread wide and my asshole exposed for anyone who wanted to use it. As I raise my head to look at the prisoner in the pillory beside me, I noticed that she had cum dripping from her mouth and chin. Before we left home Monica had told me I would get all the nourishment I needed at the club. I now realized that what I would get at the club was cum. And, probably more than I wanted or needed for the remainder of the night.

After I was secured in the pillory, Marjorie said "Have fun, pig" and left. Suddenly Monica appeared directly in front of my face. "Oh, he will, I guarantee it." Then Monica turned away from me, only to bend at the waist and push her ass towards me. As she backed her ass into my imprisoned face I noticed that she also had cum dripping from both her bottom holes.

"Clean me up, Daddy Pig. I've got about six loads in both holes and I want them cleaned right now. Use that talented tongue now if you want to go home tonight," she commanded as she pressed her ass and pussy directly into my face. I now knew that my tongue and mouth would be sore in the morning.

Suddenly I also felt something cold getting smeared on my asshole. Next I felt a big dick getting pushed in my hole. But it did not feel like a live cock. It was cool, not warm like a man meat. But, it penetrated my sphincter just the same and began to pump in and out.

"Boy, I've forgotten how nice this asshole feels," a familiar voice said. The voice belonged to my ex-wife, Mistress Michelle. Now my humiliation was complete. I was getting fucked by both my ex-wife and daughter at the same time. This was going to be a long and humiliating night.
Chapter 6
Home - Top   Feedback to author
Home « reddbunnz's Page « Humbled Index « Previous - Settings
Chapter 6: The Presentation
Posted: January 15, 2010 - 08:17:16 pm

BEEP, BEEP, BEEP, BEEP, BEEP...

'What the hell?' I thought as I was rudely awakened from a sound sleep. Then I looked at the alarm clock and realized that I had a software presentation review meeting scheduled in the office in 90 minutes and was scheduled to present the latest software to the Federal Commerce Department at 3 PM. I could still feel the ring gag in my mouth and my hands cuffed behind my back. I guess this was going to be my new sleep ware. But like yesterday morning, I pulled my hands apart and the cuffs popped open. I briefly wondered why this happened, but I did not have time to solve that question. I immediately reached behind my head and unlatched the ring gag. I needed a quick shower and a good mouth rinse (I could still had the taste of last night's left over cock and pussy cum in my mouth).

When I walked into the bathroom, I immediately was surprised at what I saw. Not only did I have left over cum in my mouth, but I also had it dried all over my face. My jaw and tongue still ached from all the cock sucking and pussy and asshole licking I was forced to perform at the Pillory Stockade last night. Then, I turned and looked at my ass. My asshole was bright red and swollen, and there was dried cum all around my rosebud. It looked like I still had some inside my asshole, too. I really needed a good enema, but I did not have that kind of time or I would miss my meeting at the office. So I quickly jumped into the shower, cleaned everything that I could with soap and water, brushed my teeth, and began my trip into the office.

As I walked into my corner of the world, I noticed Joyce was busy working at her desk. However, her appearance really surprised me. She was busy typing away at her computer, only she was completely naked. Well, maybe not totally. She was wearing stilettos and stockings, but nothing else. Then I noticed there was something new about her make-up. It was white and crusty, almost like dried cum. I also noticed she now was sporting two new tattoos. She had one on each tit, just above her nipples. The left tit now was labeled "Carol's" and the right one was labeled "Tits". She was now proclaiming to the world that her tits belonged to Carol, my chief legal officer's admin assistant.

As I approached her, I mentioned that I had the software presentation meeting in 20 minutes and I needed to review my latest changes before that meeting. Therefore, I would not be taking any calls until after the meeting. She quickly informed me that Donald, my legal officer, was waiting in my office. "He said it's vitally important," she added. That's just what I needed. Donald was a good attorney, but he was lousy at making decisions. I needed to work with him about that.

"Donald, I don't have much time, so please make it quick," I said as I entered my office. Only after making that comment I noticed Donald was completely naked. And he was wearing the same make-up as Joyce. Carol's pussy must have gotten a real work out this morning.

"Well, the PPP was busy again last night," he commented. "Did you ever transfer ownership of this company and all your properties to an offshore account?"

I quickly explained that I did not need to do that, for when my father went into business many years ago he saw the many tax advantages of offshore ownership. Our company was never incorporated in the U.S. Officially the company, all its properties, and all my personal properties were owned by an offshore company located in the Bahamas. And that Bahamian company has only one stockholder — me.

"Well, that's great, because during the night the PPP controlled Congress passed a law stating that no man can own stock, property, or any other asset in the U.S. This law goes into effect at midnight tonight. I have to transfer everything I own into my wife's name today or I lose it to the Federal Government. And if she ever finds out about Carol, I will be looking for a place to live. I will do some checking and see you are exempt from the new law since officially everything belongs to an offshore company."

"By the way, do you still have that presentation at the Commerce Department this afternoon?" he asked as he was leaving. I informed him that I did. Then he scheduled another meeting with me "to review all the new laws before I was to leave for to the meeting so that I would not make any mistakes and end up violating any SCA laws.

Just as I opened up my computer to review my latest software changes, Joyce waddled into the office. I have always enjoyed watching her walk, for her large tits always jiggled when she walked. But, now that her boobs were naked and on display, I really had a hard time (no pun intended) to keep from staring.

She walked up to my desk and proclaimed, "I need cock! Can I suck you while you work?" What a surprise! But before I could answer, she crawled under my desk, unlatched my belt, and pulled my cock out from my pants. Before I knew it, she wrapped her ruby red lips around my manhood and started sucking away. I did not know if this was a SCA violation or not, but I was also afraid to stop her for that same reason. My meeting was in 15 minutes, and there was no way I could concentrate on the software.

Later that morning I learned that my surprise blowjob was not Joyce's idea. Carol had ordered her to give me a blowjob every morning to start the workday. Let's just say that I entered the software review meeting with a smile on my face.

After the software meeting, Donald reviewed the latest changes in the SCA laws. He warned me about the changes I would observe when I got to Federal Square. The Square is comprised of the Federal Commerce building, the Federal Courthouse, and two other Federal buildings all facing each other with a small grass covered mall located between them. He explained that the grass mall had been converted overnight into a 'Federal SCA Crimes Punishment Area', and warned me that I could see public floggings or whippings while passing by. He also warned me not to stop and watch, for the new law states that public punishments were for the amusement of women only. Any man caught stopping to watch would be quickly arrested and charged as a SCA violator unless he was following the direct orders of an accompanying woman.

Donald continued to give me a brief explanation about the new rules and suggested that I take a woman along as a security blanket. I explained that our new CFO, Henrietta DeWalt, would be attending the meeting, too. He suggested that I allow Henrietta to cuff me and pretend that I am her slave while on Federal property. That should keep me safe from the feminists. It was hard to take him seriously, looking at his naked body and dried pussy cum on his face. But he appeared to know the new law, so I admitted that I would talk with Henrietta about his suggestion.

As Donald was leaving, Henrietta DeWalt called to say that she would accompany me to the Commerce Department. She also informed me that she was actively involved in the feminist movement, and could not be seen in public with a "clothed male pig". (I immediately wondered why my HR department did not discover this about her before she was hired.) Henrietta politely explained that if she were to accompany me to this meeting I had to be totally naked and cuffed before we left our corporate offices and remain that way during the presentation. She also insisted that all "male pigs" need to be led by a cock leash, so I would be wearing one, too. She already knew that my software was voice recognition activated, so either of us could give the entire presentation without the use of our hands. I had no choice if I wanted to insure my safe passage while in the Federal Square area.

So there I was: Naked, hands cuffed behind my back, and led around by a cock leash into the Federal Square. The sight was one to behold. The old grass mall area was now completely covered by a stage with three whipping posts. Each post was occupied by men receiving a flogging. All three of the males were naked, and two of them now sported a big 'C' brand on their right ass cheek. The third had two 'C' brands, one on each ass cheek. There also was a sign on the top of his whipping post, 'Slave Auction, 8 PM'. Henrietta stopped to observe. Since she now controlled my movements, I had to stop, too.

A few minutes later we entered the executive offices area at the Federal commerce Department. Once again I was surprised at what I saw. It was set up like most executive offices areas, with a number of offices lining each of the walls. There was a large conference room in the far corner. Outside each of the offices were the executive's admin assistants work areas, and in the center was the normal clerical bull pen. However, unlike my last visit here, all of the admin assistants and clerical workers were male. And, each of them was totally naked. There were no women in sight.

"Listen, pig," Henrietta said in a low voice so that only I could hear. "If you want this to go as planned, let me do all the talking. I know the Chief Bitch here, and she's a big fem like me. If I do the talking I can guarantee success. Just do as you're told and everything will be OK."

With that, she tugged on my cock leash and walked towards the office near the far corner. She introduced herself to the admin assistant and told him we were there for the software presentation scheduled for 3 PM. He nodded, and as he got up from his seat we heard "Plop". I looked down as he walked away and saw a huge dildo was attached to his desk chair. He had been working away at his computer while sitting on a rather large anal plug. He, like all of the other admin assistants, also had a dried, crusty white substance coating his face. It is obvious that he had been providing pussy worship to someone before we entered the office.

As he led us towards the conference room, I noticed that he also had a big "C" branded on his right ass cheek. Later I would learn that he had been a commerce department executive, but was demoted to admin assistant as soon as the new laws were put into effect. He also had been found guilty as a SCA Level One violator because he used to require his admin assistant to blow him every morning while delivering his coffee.

The last time I was in this conference room, it was like most other conference rooms set up for a presentation. The attendees would be seated behind tables arranged in a U shape, with the presenter speaking from a podium located just in front of the opening of the U. There usually was a projection screen behind the podium so that visual aids could be viewed during the discussion. However, this room had been modified. The attendees would all be seated at tables as before, but each table was higher than normal. All the chairs were also higher than normal, and each chair contained a seat that was 'V' shaped. I would later learn the reason for that design.

In the center of the U was a short post with a long chain attached. The administrative assistant explained to Henrietta that any male pig making a presentation had to be chained, and the male pig had to submit to pussy worship before the meeting could begin. Failure to do so was considered a SCA violation. "That's OK," Henrietta responded. "I can give the presentation while the male pig is providing the proper oral servitude. He will be available to answer questions after he has honored any and all pussies in need." Once again, I knew that my sore tongue would be getting another workout.

Among the new features of the conference room were the surrounding wall decorations. Each contained a naked male chained to an X Cross. Each was standing while facing the X Cross with his arms and legs pulled apart. This kept his ass available for viewing--or more. Each also had big "C" brands on both ass cheeks, signifying that each was a SCA Level Two violator. Later I learned that the three were the former Commerce Department director and his two top executive assistants. All three were now slaves of the new director. She felt it only fitting that the trio always be on display in their former office surroundings during business hours. 'All three used to make us fuck them to keep our jobs' she later commented, 'and now it's payback time.'

After noticing the new 'wall treatments', I was led on my knees to the center of the room and a chain was attached to my collar. Henrietta also reached between my legs and pulled my balls back until they were behind my legs. She then attached a Humbler, making it impossible for me to stand.

As the departmental executives entered the presentation room, each stopped behind their respective chairs. Each was wearing a normal woman's business suit (jacket, blouse, and skirt). Next each took off her skirt. Each was now only wearing a black garter belt, black stockings, and stiletto heels below the waist. None were wearing panties and each of the ladies' pussies was now fully exposed. It did not take a college degree to realize why. Now I knew why the chairs had a 'V' cutout on its seat. That's where my head would be very shortly.

After each of the ladies was seated, I was led to the one sitting at the left end of the table and told to make her cum. "Failure to do so will earn you a SCA violation charge." the admin assistant explained. As I began to tongue fuck the first cunt, I heard Henrietta queue up my software begin the presentation. Now I wished I had just sent her to give it without me. As the object of my oral attention began to cum, she grabbed my head and forced my tongue further into her pussy. After coating my face with her juices, she announced that she also liked her ass tongue fucked. She then forced my face into her ass crack and told me to make her come again or I would be in big trouble.

I spent the next three hours providing sexual servitude to all the ladies attending the presentation. My tongue was now raw. My face was coated with several layers of pussy cum and ass seepage. All I could taste was cum and ass.

As Henrietta finished the software presentation, the Commerce Department Director told her that everything looked good. She should expect a PO tomorrow.

"Madam Director," Henrietta replied, "can I ask one favor before we leave?"

"Of course," the director replied.

"Everyone else has gotten off today," she explained. "Everyone, but me. My request is that I would like a hot cum before I leave."

"How would you like it?" the director asked.

Henrietta got a very devilish grin on her face as she commented "I would like to have all three of your slaves fuck my ass. Then I will get my slave to eat my anal creampie — all three loads of it — before we leave."

"Granted," the director replied. "Just lock the door on your way out."

Next I was led over to the first male pig slave and was forced to suck his cock 'to get him ready for me' by Henrietta. I sucked his cock until he was about to cum. Then he was forced to fuck her in the ass while I 'fluffed' the next victim. Three near blowjobs by me and three guys fucked Henrietta in the ass. Finally, I was ordered to clean their cum from her ass.

What a way to make a sale!
Chapter 7
Home - Top   Feedback to author
Home « reddbunnz's Page « Humbled Index « Previous - Settings
Chapter 7: The Return to Town
Posted: January 15, 2010 - 08:17:16 pm

As we were leaving the Federal Commerce Building, Henrietta suddenly stopped and stared at the Punishment Area stage. What we both saw were two new prisoners that were getting flogged — and both were women. But, why women? I thought all the new anti chauvinism laws were about promoting the rights of women while depriving men of those same rights. A form of reverse sexual discrimination? Why were these two women getting the same treatment as the men? Both women were hanging by their wrists so that their feet were not touching the stage floor. Both also had numerous red welt marks on their backs and asses, and big "C" brands on each ass cheek.

Just as I was admiring the view of both women getting whipped, I felt a hard tug on my cock leash and was quickly reminded that I was not in charge at that moment. Henrietta did not say anything about what we saw, and I figured that her silence was for a reason. The country was in a political uproar and she probably needed to be careful about what she said and to whom she was talking. Later when we were in the safety of her car en route back to the office, Henrietta explained that among the many laws that the PPP got passed in Congress recently was one that made the Bare Foot & Pregnant Party (BF&PP) illegal. Now all the BF&PP members were considered criminals and subject to SCA charges.

"Those two cunts were the leaders of the BF&PP. I'm willing to bet that both will be air dancing before the week is over," Henrietta predicted.

When we got back to the office, I noticed that everyone was gone for the night. I didn't realize how late it was, and told Henrietta that I was headed home for the night, too. As I started to gather my clothes, I got a hard slap on my ass. When I turned to discover why she slapped my ass, I then noticed that Henrietta was now naked. Well, almost naked. Naked if you did not count the huge strap-on dildo jutting out from her pussy. And, it appeared that I would be the recipient of her sexual ploy.

"Not so fast, pussy boy," she commanded. "Drop your clothes and bend over the desk."

I knew that there was no escape. Or, maybe I didn't want to escape. But no matter what the reason, I obediently bend over and prepared for her pretend cock to penetrate my asshole.

"Listen carefully, and I will explain what is really going on in the world while I fuck your pussyboy ass," She commanded.

She explained that the recent law changes were not spontaneous reactions by the PPP after it got control of the Federal and state governments. These new laws were portions of a well orchestrated, long term plan and more new laws were to follow. As she continued to thrust her pretend cock into and out of my asshole, she explained the many changes that would be occurring during the next few weeks and why they were occurring.

"We women got tired of men making all the decisions," she explained. "Especially since those decisions always favored men over women. Women now have control and are going to keep it. It's also payback time. For years women have been nothing but walking sperm banks. Those days are over!"

I could tell that Henrietta was sexually excited just talking about the political changes that were occurring. The more she talked about the changing roles of women, the harder she pumped her fake cock into my ass. But, the truly amazing thing was that I was beginning to enjoy it, too. She was getting herself off by talking about the political coupe d'état, and I was beginning to get that familiar feeling in my groin as she pumped my ass harder and harder.

As she neared her climax, Henrietta pumped away with vigor that I had never felt from anyone. My ass was on fire, but so were my balls. Harder and harder, faster and faster. Then suddenly she screamed--a scream of joy. She had fucked me until she had cum. Then, she withdrew her cock and left me hanging. I needed to cum, but I knew better than to begin to beat off. It was becoming apparent that such actions could be detrimental to my future.

Henrietta then grabbed me by the hair and forced me to my knees on the floor. Next she pulled my head back and held the fake cock to my lips. "Clean up time, pussyboy!" she commanded. "And make sure it is spotless if you want to remain free tonight."

Suddenly I was forced to taste my own shit for the first time. I was cleaning my own shit off her dildo. Why was I submitting to such an act? Was she really forcing me to obey? Then why was I enjoying the humiliation? 'Maybe I am a natural pussyboy?' was all I could think about. And, I knew it was a preview of many more nights of servitude to a bunch of dominant feminists.
Chapter 8
Home - Top   Feedback to author
Home « reddbunnz's Page « Humbled Index « Previous - Settings
Chapter 8: The Arrest
Posted: January 15, 2010 - 08:17:16 pm

As I arrived home after another busy day, the last thing I wanted to do was become my step-daughter's sexual bitch for the evening. I was delighted when I entered the house, only to find a note from Monica stating that she, her Mother (Michelle) and Michelle's lesbian lover, Slut Sam, had left for the evening and were not expected to return home until late. In fact, they were going to the Big L Club, the swankiest and most popular girls only leather bar in town. The Big L Club was the notorious watering hole for dominant dykes and their submissive friends.

I was dead tired and hoped that they would stay out most of the night, allowing me to get a good night's rest. However, the note also said that my normal household dress code was still in effect, so that I needed to be naked and wearing cuffs, a ring gag, and the Humbler when they got home. I was now getting used to being naked in front of ladies, so that request was a 'no brainer'.

The note also ordered me to get home from work on time the following night, for we all were invited to a 'Flogging Party'. I did not know what a 'Flogging Party' was going to entail, but I assumed that I would have a tired jaw and sore ass and/or asshole when it was over. My submissive side was looking forward to such a party, but I wasn't sure how much more my asshole could take after the past 24 hours of submitting to almost constant sodomy.

The next morning I was pleasantly surprised to find that I was not awakened during the night for some après party playtime for the girls. But as I was getting ready for my daily jaunt into the office, I noticed that I still was the only one at home. The girls must have found someone more fun to play with during the night. And considering that my asshole needed some R&R time, I was happy to see that they had found someone else to play with during the night.

Upon arriving at the office I noticed that Joyce was sporting some new attire. No, not new clothes. In fact, she was just as naked as the past two days (naked except for her black garter belt, stockings, and stiletto heels). However, she now had a black leather collar with a small medallion dangling from a loop in the front around her beautiful neck. She also had some jewelry dangling from her tits, and it also appeared that there were similar adornments attached to her pussy lips.

"Morning, sir," she greeted me as I walked past her work station. "Ready for your morning coffee and blowjob?"

"Give me five minutes to fire up my computer and check emails," I replied. Boy, it was nice to be on the receiving end for once.

"OK, see you in five on my knees," she responded.

My computer had just finished booting up when she waddled into the office with my morning coffee. Once again, I got to watch her beautiful big tits jiggle as she walked across the room. I have always loved to watch her big boobs bounce, and it's even more arousing now that those fun sacks are totally exposed.

After she deposited my coffee on the desk, she quickly dropped onto her knees, reached forward and unzipped my fly, pulled my now hard cock from its mooring, and wrapped her ruby red lips around my member. As she sucked away on my dick, I tried to concentrate on my emails and daily schedule. But, to no avail.

As she continued to suck on my member, she reached between my legs and began to fondle my balls. She squeezed them slowly, one at a time, in rhythm to her magnificent mouth movements. I quickly got that old feeling in my groin. It didn't take long. She was giving me one of the best blowjobs I have ever had. It was great. Too quickly I was spurting my man juice all over her face and tits. After withdrawing those lovely lips from my now limp member, she simply reached up with her hands and massaged my man juice into her face and tits. I told her that there was a towel in my private bathroom, but she said that Carol did not allow her to clean up after sex of any kind. Cleaning up her face was a duty was reserved for 'someone else'. I did not know who that lucky 'someone else' would be, but I would have loved to volunteer to do it myself.

Just as I was about to turn back to my computer, I noticed the details on her new body jewelry. First, I noticed that the medallion dangling from her neck collar was encrypted with the words 'Carol's Bitch'. I also noticed that she now had loops embedded in each tit, with a little silver chain connecting them. She also had four similar loops dangling from her pussy lips (two on each side), with a small chain connecting them in pairs. I also noticed that her pussy was now shaved bare, with the words 'Carol's Cunt' tattooed just above her slit. When she turned to walk back to her desk, I also noticed that her ass now had a new tattoo. Yes, you guessed it. 'Carol's Ass' was now tattooed on her butt. There was no doubt that Joyce was in love with Carol.

When I finally reviewed my schedule for the day, I noticed that Henrietta had scheduled a meeting at 9 AM to 'Discuss the New Corporate Structure'. What new corporate structure? I hadn't heard of any such plans, and definitely had not approved any changes. Henrietta also had scheduled a 'New Employee Meet and Greet' at 10 AM. Again, I knew of no such new employee. I don't get involved when a department head hires a new employee as long as that person's salary is within the departmental budget. But, this sounded like a new corporate official that she was planning to introduce. All such new corporate executive hires had to be approved by me personally, and I did not approve any such person within the last two months.

Just as I finished reviewing my daily schedule, Donald, the corporate legal director, walked into the office and asked for time "To discuss the latest new laws." This was getting to be a daily occurrence, for the PPP was very active in Congress changing existing laws to the benefit of women and the detriment of men. Doug simply wanted to keep me advised so that I would not get caught in the spider web these devious black widows were weaving.

"Well, boss, they were busy again last night," he began. "Effective midnight tonight, all men must be totally naked when in any public place, both indoors and outdoors. And the PPP defines a 'public place' as any building, structure, or occupancy, or land that is owned by, or considered open to, the public in general. I have been able to discover that buildings owned by private individuals or privately held corporations are exempt. But, starting at midnight tonight, it looks like we will be naked anywhere but here or in our homes." Obviously he did not know that I was now required to be naked when at home.

This was not a shock to my system, for I had anticipated that eventually all men would be kept naked until they were able to regain power. Since the voting public in the country was now 60% female, that probably would not happen for a long time. Besides, I was getting used to women starring at my big cock as it bounced whenever I walked.

Just as Donald was finishing our discussion, the door burst open and Carol and Joyce came bouncing into my office.

"Greetings, Daddy Pig," Carol commented. My jaw must have dropped a foot. The only person to ever call me "Daddy Pig" was my step daughter, Monica.

"That's right, Daddy Pig," she added. "Guess whom I met at the Big L Club last night. Your lovely step daughter. She's a real knockout. And a great carpet muncher. Joyce better watch out. But, then Joyce is a true subby, and Monica is a natural domme who occasionally switches as a sub."

"Carol, don't you have some work to do?" Donald asked his admin assistant.

"Yes, in fact I do," she responded. "Joyce, can you ask our guests to come into the room and collect their prisoner."

Suddenly three new ladies entered my office. All three were dressed as expected — naked except for a garter belt, stockings, and stiletto heels. Except that their adornments were all medium blue instead of black. And each also had pierced nipples connected by a small silver chain with a small medallion dangling between each tit. On two of them, the medallions said 'SCA Posse' and on the third the medallion said 'SCA Judge'. The two with 'SCA Posse' medallions were carrying a set of handcuffs, a ring gag, and ankle shackles. This did not look good.

The lady with the 'SCA Judge' medallion was first to speak. "Is there a Donald Eugene McHenry here?"

"That's the dirty rotten scumbag," Carol quickly commented as she pointed to her boss.

"Cuff him and strip him," the SCA Judge quickly ordered to the two SCA Posse girls. Quickly they had Donald's hands cuffed behind his back, the shackles attached to both ankles, a ring gag inserted into his mouth. Then they borrowed a pair of scissors and cut off his clothes, leaving him totally naked and in bondage.

I had not noticed, but as the SCA Posse girls were securing Donald three more of our admin assistants had entered the room. The SCA Judge then turned to address the five admin assistants.

"Ladies, is this the scumbag that forced you to give blowjobs, as well as anal and pussy sex, daily in order to keep your jobs?"

One by one, Carol, Joyce and the three other admin assistants all pointed directly at Donald and said, "Yes, that's him."

Then, the SCA Judge turned to face Donald and announced, "Donald Eugene McHenry, I hereby find you guilty of five counts of SCA violations, and therefore are convicted as a SCA Level Two Violator. I hereby sentence you to a public flogging of 50 lashes for each SCA violation, branded as a convicted Chauvinist with the letter 'C' on each ass cheek, then sold into slavery. And as a warning, any future violations convictions will by law require that you do the Air Dance until you are dead."

She then turned back to the SCA Posse girls and ordered, "Take this dirty chauvinist away and see that he's immediately flogged and branded. Schedule him for tonight's Slave Auction." The two SCA Posse girls then grabbed Donald by his arms and led him out of the building.

Then as the SCA Judge exited the room, Carol turned and looked directly at me with an evil grin on her face and said, "Well, Daddy Pig. See what can happen if you fuck with me?"

Just as she uttered that threat, Henrietta entered the room. "Carol, get your fat ass back to work unless you want to join Donald!" Carol gave Henrietta a nasty stare, but she quietly exited my office and was quickly followed by Joyce and the other three admin assistants.

"Well, well, well," Henrietta said as she gave me a sly grin. "Did you enjoy the entertainment?"

Suddenly it dawned on me that Donald's situation was not Carol's idea. He was an obstacle to be removed so that she could improve her position within my company.

"Yes, what you are thinking is true," she added. "And unless you want to join your friend tonight, please approve the following proposal."

"Your company is unique, for through careful planning by your father and your administration of those plans, you and your company have managed to evade all the new laws the PPP is instituting. This company is officially an offshore corporation that is wholly owned by you and you alone. The PPP can't change that. However, you personally could still be convicted of SCA violations. There's nothing about your offshore ownership that will save you from those regulations. And I hope that our demonstration this morning has proven that it doesn't take much to get a conviction."

"Now, here's what the PPP wants from you and your company," she continued. "Even though this is a private company, the PPP has decided that from now on it will be governed by a Board of Directors. You will be allowed to serve as the Chairman of the Board and Chief Technical Officer. All engineering and other new product projects will still be under your control. You and only you will have three votes on the Board of Directors."

"In addition, you will make a public announcement that effective immediately, I have been promoted from CFO to President and Chief Operating Officer (COO). I will have two votes on the Board. Very soon you will our new CFO and Board member, Susan Wright. And because she is the heir apparent to your empire, your step daughter, Monica, will also be on the Board. Both your daughter and Susan will have one vote each. That's seven votes total. Therefore, as long as your step daughter votes with you, you will still have controlling interest in your company."

"Of course, if you don't agree I can get Carol and her friends to include you in the complaint against Donald," she concluded. Naturally I had no choice and agreed to her terms. She immediately presented me with a document proclaiming her changes to our corporate structure. Funny, the document appeared to be written by me. All I had to do was sign it and it would become corporate policy. It was either sign the doc, or spend the night getting sold at the Slave Auction with Donald.

"OK, you just received an email from me. Open the attachment in that email, and send it to Joyce with your approval. She knows what do to, and within minutes our new structure will be corporate law." I did as ordered. Five minutes later there was a broadcast email bearing my signature to the entire company announcing Henrietta's promotion and the appointment of our new CFO, Susan Wright.

As soon as I confirmed the email had been delivered company wide, Henrietta reached over to my phone and paged Joyce on our inter-office intercom.

"Joyce, get your pretty cunt in here right now," she demanded. Joyce quickly waddled into my office, shaking her big beautiful tits the entire way.

"Now, as my first action as the corporation's new President and COO, I hereby declare this property to be clothes free," she ordered. "Effective at midnight tonight, the dress code for all women is a garter belt, stockings, and stilettos or total nudity. All tits, pussies, and assholes must be totally on display. The dress code for all men is total nudity. No exceptions. Any woman caught violating the dress code is subject to immediate dismissal. Any man caught violating the dress code will be arrested and convicted as SCA Law violators."

"Joyce, please draft another corporate broadcast email to this effect bearing my signature," she added. "Then go get Carol and get your pretty asses back into here. His cock and my pussy need some relief, and your mouths will do just fine."

As we both watched Joyce's lovely ass wiggle as she left my office, Henrietta next turned to face me.

"Strip, Daddy Pig," she ordered. "You're officially out of uniform."
Chapter 9
Home - Top   Feedback to author

Home « reddbunnz's Page « Humbled Index « Previous - Settings
Chapter 9: Seventh Heaven
Posted: January 15, 2010 - 08:17:16 pm

Just before arriving home, I figured that the Flogging Party that Monica and her mother, Mistress Michelle, were forcing me to attend tonight could not be any worse. Upon arriving home, I stripped at the front door as required by Monica. As I placed cuffs on both my wrists and ankles as also required, I could hear Monica in the middle of sexual pleasure. When walking past the main parlor, I fully expected to see Slave Sam or Mistress Michelle providing the satisfaction that my step daughter was obviously experiencing. Instead I only saw Monica in the room. Totally naked, with a gigantic dildo plunging in and out of her obviously fully aroused cunt as she was screaming in obvious sexual delight. I could not help but to watch her pleasure herself to completion. When she opened her eyes and saw me staring, I figured that I was in serious trouble. I tried to sneak away, but she quickly ordered me to stop.

"Oh, Daddy Pig, please come here," she requested. Only I knew that it was more than a request.

"I have some news for you. And I understand that you have a lot of news for me, too." Obviously she had already been talking with Henrietta and knew that she was now on my corporate Board of Directors.

"Hands," she ordered. I immediately presented my hands and she temporarily removed the cuffs from my wrists.

"Back," she added. I immediately turned and placed my wrists together behind my back. She quickly reattached the cuffs around my wrists behind my back.

"Floor," she instructed while pointing at her feet. I immediately assumed the proper position lying on my back with my head positioned near her feet. She immediately stepped forward, placing a foot on each side of my head, then squatted down and slowly lowered her legs so that both her pussy and asshole were positioned directly atop my face.

"Pleasure!" she commanded. "Get that tongue busy until I tell you to stop!"

"Slut Sam, BJ!" Monica ordered to her Mother's private sexual slave. Slut Sam immediately knelt beside me and began sucking my cock. I was now in seventh heaven. One beautiful woman was sitting on my face while another was sucking my cock. I couldn't have asked for a more fitting end to a very busy day.

"Now, let me tell you about my day," she commented as I continued to lick her pussy.

"Mistress Michelle, Slut Sam, and I were in the living room enjoying a little pussy licking chain when the doorbell rang. Slut Sam looked out the front door safety keyhole, and then came back into the room and announced that two ladies wearing PPP (Pussy Power Party) Medallion necklaces were at the front door. Slut Sam was afraid that they were going to arrest her, so we told her to go upstairs and stay there until called. I wanted to clean the pussy juice from my face and thighs, but Mistress Michelle said that a little pussy juice drying on your face is good for your complexion. So we both greeted the PPP ladies with wet pussy juice on our faces. After we let the PPP ladies in, they asked to speak to me privately. I told them that Mistress Michelle was my Mother, and anything that they had to say to me they could say to her.

"Monica," they replied. "This is private and personal PPP business. We must insist that we speak to you alone."

"Well, I never..." Mistress Michelle started to say. But, she was quickly interrupted by one of the PPP ladies.

"That's right, and you never will," the PPP lady answered. She then turned back to me and asked if we could talk privately, promising some good news. Mother was turning bright red with jealousy, which made their visit even more enjoyable. I agreed, told Mistress Michelle that we would be in your office if she needed anything. We then went into the office and closed the door on Mistress Michelle.

"Slut Sam told me that after we went into your study without her, Mistress Michelle immediately returned to her bedroom and turned on her computer. I had forgotten that everything in your study is monitored by our computers, and Mistress Michelle was able to watch and hear what we were saying and doing in your study. Slut Sam said that Mistress Michelle was raging with jealousy over the special treatment I was receiving from the PPP ladies."

"After entering your study," Monica explained, "The head PPP lady told me: "Monica, I know you are probably very confused right now. My name is PPP Goddess Irene, and this is PPP Goddess Katrina, or Kat for short. As you remember, both you and your Mother, Mistress Michelle, applied for membership into the PPP about three months ago. Until now we have not acted on your applications, for there was no reason to admit you to our group. In order to join you must be of value to our organization. As of today we would like you to join as a full member, not an associate or probationary one. And I am sure that you know all the additional rights and privileges you will receive as a full PPP member.""

Monica was now humping my face with vigor. "My memory was racing in overdrive," Monica continued to explain.

Monica already knew that under the new PPP political structure, a feudal caste or social class system was back in place. All people now belonged to one of five social class or caste levels -- each one with different rights and privileges. The first and highest is the PPP itself. Everyone who is not a full PPP member is beneath them. They have the most rights and privileges, and only answer to other PPP members. Naturally, all political and business leaders were PPP members. And to belong to the PPP, one had to be born with a pussy.

The Free Women are the next highest social class or caste, followed immediately by the Voluntary Pussy Slaves (Slut Sam is a VPS). Then the Free Men (Men always were below all Free Women and VPSs in the PPP world). Below the Free Men are the L1 Criminals (women and men convicted of any Level One crime, including SCA violations). Lastly are the Sex Slaves (women and men convicted of Level Two crimes are sold into sexual slavery). Of course, there was one other caste, but those members have a very short life expectancy. Those convicted of any Level Three crime, SCA or otherwise, always receive the mandatory public whipping followed by the required 'Air Dance' (PPP jargon for public hanging).

"PPP Goddess Irene went on to explain the changes that had occurred at your company earlier in the day," Monica added,"and how they wanted me to serve on its Board of Directors. But to serve on the Board, I have to be a PPP member. Therefore, I was immediately invited to join the PPP. As soon as I agreed, I was granted the official title of PPP Goddess Monica. (She now outranked all living in Daddy Pig's mansion, including her mother or step father.) Then PPP Goddess Kat placed an official PPP Medallion necklace around my neck, dropped to her knees and granted me the traditional Pussy Power Party greeting (a quick pussy lick with her tongue)."

Later Monica learned that after the PPP Goddesses left, Mistress Michelle was furious. Her daughter was now a member of the PPP, something Mistress Michelle had been trying to gain her entire life. She not only was richer than her mother, but now more powerful, too. Something Mistress Michelle vowed to change. But, she needed a plan.

After PPP ladies left, Goddess Monica, Mistress Michelle, and Slut Sam had a pussy licking lunch. Shortly afterwards, Mistress Michelle observed her daughter placing her PPP Medallion necklace into her purse, then she went to her bedroom for an afternoon siesta. Michelle waited until her daughter closed her door, then snuck back down and removed her daughters PPP Medallion necklace and Bank ID Card from her purse. She then told Slut Sam, who was busy cleaning the kitchen, that she was going shopping and would be back in about two hours. What she did not tell either Monica or Slut Sam was that if her scheme worked as planned, Michelle would never be back. But, Michelle did not know how true that prediction would become.

Monica also later learned that Mistress Michelle then proceeded to the Bank branch that administered Monica's trust fund. Michelle's goal was to use her daughter's Bank Card and PPP Medallion necklace as identification, then withdraw all her daughter's money and re-deposit it at another bank in her own name. Then she would have enough money to start a new life in another town. But, when Michelle arrived that the Bank and made her withdrawal request, the Bank teller, a VPS slave, saw that Michelle appeared much older than the lady pictured on the Bank ID Card. But, she also knew that the penalty for incorrectly questioning any PPP member's ID would be sexual slavery. Therefore, she immediately got her manager involved.

"Goddess Monica welcome to our bank." the Bank manager said when she greeted Michelle with the customary PPP pussy lick. "This withdrawal will take a few moments, but if you wish we have a special waiting area reserved only for PPP member's enjoyment. If you follow me, I know you will be delighted with its 'special feature'." Michelle quickly followed the Bank manager down a private corridor and into the 'special room'. In the middle of the room Mistress Michelle found a large Sybian, a robotic fucking machine. The Bank manager immediately explained to Michelle how to use the delightful device. Michelle immediately squirted lube on the rotating dildo and mounted the machine.

What the Bank teller did not tell Michelle was that the machine served two functions — to allow its user to fuck herself, and to allow Bank security to automatically run a secret DNA test. As soon as Michelle mounted the device, her cunt's natural juices were immediately compared with the national DNA database. In another room the Bank's Chief of Security, who was a PPP member, observed that the DNA test results confirmed that the woman who just presented both the Bank ID cardand PPP Medallion Necklace was a fraud. The Bank security officer immediately sounded a silent alarm. Before Michelle could climax, she was pulled off the Sybian and immediately arrested. PPP police quickly handcuffed Michelle's wrists behind her back, shackled her ankles together, then she had a ring gag forced into her mouth and before she was blindfolded.

"Slave Michelle, formerly known as Mistress Michelle," the Police Captain said as she was advising Michelle of her arrest, "You are guilty of 'Bank Grand Theft', a Level One crime, and 'Impersonating a Pussy Power Party Member', a second Level One crime. According to Pussy Power Party Regulations, any second Level One crime automatically mandates that you are now a Level Two criminal. Tonight you will be publicly whipped, branded, and then sold at the Sex Slave Auction as required as a Level Two criminal. Take this worthless Bitch away."

As Monica continued to grind her pussy on Daddy Pig's face, she was getting herself off just thinking about the day's events.

"Daddy Pig, want to hear what happened next?" she asked her step father, Of course he could not answer, for his facewas covered by her pussy and ass, and his tongue was busy lapping up her cunt juices.

"Well, Daddy Pig, imagine my surprise when two PPP Police officers came to our door and told me what Michelle had done. In fact, they explained that one of my PPP privileges is that I could use my PPP power and ask the court's forgiveness and have her released directly to me as my personal VPS slave." Monica explained.

"Do you know what I told the PPP police officers?" Monica asked. "I told them 'Fuck that conniving Bitch! She may be my Mother, but she has been trying to steal all my money ever since Grandfather set up my trust fund. This attempt will be her last. In fact, I would like to see her Air Dance tonight.'"

"Oh ... My ... God! Oh Fuuuuckkkkkkk!!!" Suddenly Monica was overtaken with sexual euphoria. She began screaming with sexual delight as her climax began to overtake her body and storytelling skills. She pushed harder on her step-father's face, nearly smothering him to death with her weight and juices. But, she was unaware of her step-father's plight as she pushed her cunt harder onto his face. Finally Slut Sam realized my plight, stopped sucking my cock, and had to gently pull Monica upward so that I would not be suffocated.

A few minutes later as we were all relaxing, a fully satisfied Monica commented it was time to shower our sweaty, cum coated bodies, then get ready to go to the Flogging Party. She seemed especially excited about watching her Mother, Slave Michelle, get whipped, branded, and sold at the Sex Slave Auction. My former legal officer, Doug, was to receive the same treatment at tonight's session.

As Monica headed up to take her shower, Slut Sam suddenly flashed me a very mischievous grin as she slowly crawled upon my naked body. My cock was still rock hard from her blowjob and my facesitting experience.

She began to slowly and seductively caress my chest with her lovely, very large tits. She then leaned forward and used a very soft, sexual, and seductive voice to whisper into my ear, "Fuck me now, you big stud! Now that Michelle is gone, I am claiming this big, beautiful cock as mine whenever Monica is not around. Fuck me, and Fuck me hard!"

Then, she slowly lowered her very wet pussy directly onto my rock hard cock. I now knew that I was the submissive, sexual play toy for two very sexy, dominating ladies at home and several equally sexy and dominating ladies at work.

Life could not get any better. I was in seventh heaven!

Chapters five through nine added
