Home « Scorpio00155's Page « Dominated By My Son Index - Settings
Introduction
Posted: March 02, 2001 - 12:00:00 am

To an outsider my life had to have looked ideal, after all I was only 35 and married to a rich and powerful husband who always seemed to dote on me, I had a mansion of a home outside London, to top it all I had a strong, intelligent, healthy 16 year old son who professed to love me. Yes, to an outsider I had everything a woman could want or wish for out of life. It was only if you got past the external veneer that anyone would discover that my life was not all it seemed to be!

In a day and age when "arranged" marriages were only an oddity you read about in a history book or newspaper my marriage was arranged. That it let my parents retire in the lap of luxury was a good point of the arrangement, that neither they nor I were to attempt to contact each other after the wedding was a big down point, but my dad had simply commented that everything came with a price tag attached. When I stepped out of the church on my new husbands' arm was the last time I saw my family.

Then came the honeymoon, 'disaster' just didn't describe it, it was in the solitude of our bridal suite with me a naïve virgin of 19 years that I discovered why my husband had to arrange his marriage. It was nothing to do with the fact that he was twice my age, nor that he was seeking good "breeding" stock to continue his line with strong children. No, it was something no-one would have guessed of him least of all me; he was gay! When he told me I stood there feeling stunned and trapped into not only a loveless marriage but also an unfulfilling one to boot. Then it came to me that I had an out, by law, both secular and religious, the marriage had to be consummated to make it a true marriage. With a feeling of relief I pointed this out to my non-husband, my feeling of relief faded when he pointed out that he was fully aware of the law and had figured out a way to consummate the occasion, despite the fact that he abhorred females to a degree that was almost hatred. He took some men's clothes out of a small case and thrust them at me with a command to change into them.

So I did as instructed and felt stupid dressed as a young man in trousers, underpants, shirt and jacket, when I presented myself to my husband he nodded and ordered me to lean over the bed. Needless to say I had no idea what to expect, but I resolved to submit to whatever it was, both for the sake of my parents and their comfort and because I had made a bargain and signed it, the terms of the bargain meant I would get nothing if I ever failed in the role of "wife" as set out for me by my "husband".

As instructed I leant over the bed, I felt my husband come behind me, felt him run something along the under seam of the trousers then felt the material stretched open. Again I felt something run over the material of the underpants I'd had to put on and it dawned on me that my poof of a husband was cutting open the rear of the clothes so he could imagine himself taking a boy! Being gay he focussed on my anus and although I can't say he was rough I can't say that I gained satisfaction from his actions to consummate the marriage. I suppose it should not have been any surprise to discover that my anus was the first part of me to lose it's virginity, at least he was decent enough to use a lubricant, but even then it hurt like hell as he fucked my arse. Typically, just as I started to gain small tingles of pleasure amongst the pain my sod of a husband pulled out of my arse, gritted his teeth and pushed his cock into my pussy in one long hard thrust that burst my cherry painfully, then he grunted and for the first time in my life I felt the warmth of male juices spurting into me. And that was that, he pulled out of me with a grimace of disgust and rushed to the bathroom to clean himself of his contact with "female" flesh. As for me, I lay down on the bed and cried, something I would soon be doing on a regular basis.

If god exists he must have a practical joke department and this time their victim was my gay, woman-disliking husband. His single thrust and ejaculation in my pussy got me pregnant, for me it at least meant the joy of raising my own child, for my husband it was a major annoyance, but he could not have the child terminated without the world finding out who and what he was. With concealed ill grace he accepted his position of fatherhood publicly while in private he would have nothing to do with my pregnancy or me. On my 20th birthday I gave birth to a strapping 8-pound baby boy, my husband did not attend the birth ostensibly because "urgent business affairs" prevented it, but he did visit the next day and did a photo opportunity posing with his new son and his "loving" wife.

And so passed sixteen long, tedious, lonely years, admittedly they were not uncomfortable in the physical sense; I had money to burn and "things" in abundance. What I did not have was companionship in the wee small hours, a warm body to make satisfying love to or even any close friends to gossip with. I suppose I could have tried taking a lover, but I knew I would not get away with doing so and would lose everything for both my parents and myself, and perhaps even for my son Victor. So I learnt the art of solo sex, which, to my surprise, my husband begrudgingly gave his approval and it didn't take me long to pick up a whole range of vibrators, dildoes and even a blow-up male doll. And what, I hear you ask, of the son I had expected to get so much joy from raising, well my husband got his revenge for me falling pregnant by him by employing nannies and wet nurses. From the moment Victor and I arrived back home I was under strict instructions to keep my contact with the baby to the minimum, the nannies and other house staff were under similar instructions to ensure I followed my instructions! Apart from a couple of hours spread across the days I had little to no contact with my son, until, that is, three months before Victor's 16th birthday.

Everything seemed as usual on that fateful morning, a deathly hush over the dining table as the 'family' ate breakfast, a hush suddenly broken by my husband's angry roar and his finger pointing to an article in the paper. It seemed the details of an important deal had been leaked to the paper, and the leak could only have come from within the household as the papers quoted had never left the house! Victor and myself were immediately eliminated since neither of us had anything to gain in my husband's view. So the onus of guilt fell on the staff, who naturally denied the charge, but to no avail and they were dismissed one and all. To fill the gap of the staff my husband arranged for a housekeeper and for cooks to come in for the afternoons, I was instructed to take on the 'motherly' duties he had previously deprived me of. Obedient to my husband's wishes I started to get to know the stranger that was my son.

Don't get me wrong, I loved my son and for his part Victor knew I was his mother and loved me, but others had influenced his upbringing. I had been more of a friend visiting between lessons rather than a mother and to suddenly find myself in the mother role after so many years was something neither of us was quite prepared for, me less so than Victor. Naturally my first task was to get to know my son, his likes and dislikes, his skills, his friends and so on, I already knew that his school was a private one, but I had no idea how well he was doing or even what courses he was taking.

After a couple of weeks I had learnt a little, for instance I learnt that although my son knew a number of other kids at school he had only a close circle of seven boys, of course this made me wonder if he took after his father and was gay. I also learnt that he enjoyed using the Internet, though I did feel a little concerned when I discovered that he was accessing adult areas using a credit card provided to him by his father. Perhaps I should have been more concerned, but I shrugged my shoulders with the thought that any damage was already long done. So instead I asked Victor to show me what he and his friends got up to in this online world, Victor seemed only too pleased to show me, so much so that he took me shopping for my own laptop. So, under my son's guidance, I learnt to "surf the web", foolishly I also let him show me how to access all the adult areas he and his friends visited, including chat rooms. And so I discovered a whole world of sex and sexuality that left me feeling excited and frustrated in equal measure.

Then, just over a month before my sons' 16th birthday, I found a folder in Victor's room. I had been chatting with him after school and he had suddenly needed to go to the toilet, it was as he left the room that I saw something red just poking out from under the mattress of his bed. Curious I went and looked, when I gave a gentle tug on the object it slid further into view and I soon found myself holding a red folder in which there was just one sheet of paper. On the paper were what looked to be web site addresses, though not ones Victor had shown me, feeling a little guilty about prying I replaced the folder and sat back down just before my son returned.

But my curiosity got the better of me, the very next day, right after my son had left for school I took a notepad into my son's room, found the folder and copied down the list of sites and associated passwords it held. Returning the folder to it's hiding place I went to my room and turned on my laptop, a few minutes later I was at the first of the sites on the list. Needless to say it was a porn site, but then most of the ones he's shown me had been porn sites, what was different about this site was that its contents were all focussed on incestuous sexual relations. Agog I read the stories and looked at the pictures on the site before moving on to the next one, only to find it was more on the same subject. Almost all the sites on the list, and it was quite a list, were on the subject of incest stories, pictures, articles, even movies, the other sites were about dominance and even then the content seemed to be more centred on one family member sexually dominating one or more family members. Shortly before my son was due home from school I turned off the computer and sat back to let myself calm down.

I had discovered something while going through the sites on Victor's list, the stories had excited me, so too had some of the pictures, but I had become even more excited by the stories of dominance. More than once I had found myself putting myself in the place not of the dominator, but of the dominated! This was a side of me I had never suspected and I wondered if a time might ever come when I might explore this aspect of myself. Certainly it could never happen while my husband was alive, this realisation made me sigh as I rose and left my room to greet my son...
Chapter 1
Home - Top   Feedback to author


Home « Scorpio00155's Page « Dominated By My Son Index « Previous - Settings
Chapter 1: The Seduction and...
Posted: March 02, 2001 - 12:00:00 am

Victor had turned 16 shortly before the school broke up for summer, not that this seemed to change anything, but he was a year older, and so was I. It was the Saturday after the school broke up, I had been in my room relieving my sexual frustration with the aid of a vibrator and one of the incest stories I had by now got hooked on. The particular story I was reading was about a mother whose son had turned her into his whore, as always I felt shocked and aroused by the content of the incest story and for some reason my mind drifted to my son. I knew that he and his circle of seven friends were in their "club" room, the room had been an unused library until Victor had taken it over, he and his friends met in there regularly, though I had no idea what they got up to.

My thoughts lost focus as an orgasmic haze drifted gently over me, but they returned as my peak faded and died. Relieved but still frustrated, as was always the case, I sat up on my bed and wondered just what the eight teenagers got up to in that room. Smiling to myself I decided to satisfy my curiosity; dressing in my usual slacks and blouse I headed for the small bedroom beside the boy's clubroom. I had noticed some time back that there was an air vent that connected the two rooms. I knew from accidental experience that if the vent was opened what was said in the adjoining room could be heard very clearly. Almost on tiptoe I entered the small bedroom and crossed the room to the air vent, it was high up on the wall, but by climbing on a stool I could easily reach it.

Quietly I slid the vent open and a young male voice came drifting through the vent, then another responded and as I listened I gathered that their conversation was more or less general. It seemed they did not get up to much at all and I felt a little disappointed by this, but I carried on listening and my patience was rewarded.

"So," came my son's voice from the vent "we going to form this club or what?"

What club, I wondered.

"Hell yes!" came a chorus of relies.

I heard the boys laughing then my son's voice rising to call them to order.

"In that case I call the first meeting of the Dominators to order." He laughed, "The first order of business is to elect officers for the club. Any nominations for chairman?"

I felt amused by the light-hearted formality of the proceedings, the name of the club amused me too and I wondered just who or what the Dominators planned to dominate. Amidst laughter and cross chat I heard Victor's name put forward for the chairman role, then I heard them voting and that was it, by unanimous vote Victor was the chairman of the Dominators. I listened with enjoyment as the boys formed themselves into a club complete with chairman, secretary and charter. The last interested me as it would give me an idea of what the club was about.

"Okay," I heard Victor's voice over those of the others "you all know what this club is about..."

"I don't." I muttered to myself as it dawned on me that I might not hear the details of the club's activities.

"... so I won't go into all that again. Who wants to start the ball rolling with a proposition for a victim?"

"Mary Wilson!" one of the boys responded almost immediately.

A general discussion broke out among the boys that seemed to be a weighing up of the charms and assets of this Mary Wilson. All of which left me none the wiser, though it was a relief to hear the boys discussing a girls' attributes rather than those of another boy. This went on for some time and just before the "chairman" called them to order again I could have sworn I heard a door bang. Feeling a little guilty about my eavesdropping I looked towards the door to the room I was in, I had left it open to avoid making any sound with it's closing, it was still open as I had left it. Then my son's voice drew my attention back to the vent.

"Well perhaps Mary may be a suitable candidate in the future," he was saying "but I happen to know that she is away with her family for the next three weeks. I do have a nomination though, I will write it down."

I could have yelled with frustration at his words, now I'd never know who the intended person was, nor what they were being nominated for.

"You can't be serious?" one of the boys commented sounding amazed by whatever he had read.

"Why not?" My son responded.

"Hmmm," the same boy said thoughtfully "she is one of the best looking women we've ever seen."

"You can say that again!" one of the other boys laughed, "Vick, I vote yes."

"Thanks Len." Vick answered "Alan, John, Paul, Ray, Adam, Ian?"

One by one the boys voted as my son called their names, it was a unanimous vote in favour of the person my son had named on paper. Still none the wiser as to whom the nominated person was I listened as the boys laughingly discussed what they would do to and with this person. This part of their conversation took my breath away, what they described was nothing less than the total domination of another person; their club name was the club's activity! I could barely believe what I was hearing, eight 16-year-old boys talking about bondage, humiliation, domination and even rape, not that I had to wonder where they got their ideas from; it was obviously from the Internet. Then I felt my pussy go warm with arousal as I remembered the details of the story I had read while masturbating such a short time before hand. I chided myself quietly for letting their conversation get me aroused, but that did not stop the arousal growing.

Suddenly there was silence from the vent, I glanced towards the door and wondered what had caused them to go silent. I decided that it might be wise for me to go elsewhere just in case the boys left their clubroom and found me with my ear pressed to a vent in the next room. Quietly I got down from the stool and crept out of the room, my heart skipped a beat when I heard a roar of laughter, but it was a relief to know the boys were not coming out.

Back in my room I sat on the edge of my bed and thought about what I'd heard the boys discussing, of course this got me excited again and this time I gave way to my arousal. Undressing quickly I grabbed my favourite dildo and began to plunge it in my pussy as the boy's words went round and round in my head.

"Definitely bondage," one of them had said "tie her up in every way we can think of!"

"Nah, spank her." another had said "Beat her until she begs us to do whatever we wish to her!"

"Gang bang her!" another had laughed.

"Fuck her arse!" another had shouted.

"Why not all of these things?" my son had laughed loudest of all "After all, we would own her, she'd have no other choice other than to submit to our wishes."

"Assuming that we will 'own' her." one of the boys had commented soberly.

"Oh we'll own her," my son had replied equally soberly "one way or another, we'll own her."

It was at this point that I decided to flee, but those last words made me feel a little uneasy about what the boys were planning, it had all sounded like a horny teen fantasy game until my son had uttered those words in such a low, serious voice. Whether I felt uneasy or not it was still a major turn on and I had a delightful climax only moments later.

Later that afternoon, after his friends had gone home, my son joined me in the lounge where I was watching a romantic video. He sat beside me on the sofa and watched the film quietly for a while, but after a while he twisted in his seat to look at me.

"Mother," he said quietly "may I ask you something."

"Of course you can." I smiled turning to face him "I've told you before that I am here if you need to talk."

"I know," he smiled "but this is sort of a personal question."

"Oh my," I laughed "I thought they taught that sort of thing in school these days."

It took him a moment to catch my meaning, but then he laughed along with me.

"They do, but I don't think they could answer this one." he laughed.

"Ask away Victor." I smiled.

"Mother, you are a very attractive woman, all my friends say so too and I wondered..." he seemed to falter.

"You wondered?" I encouraged him.

"I wondered why you dressed down the way you do." He said in a serious tone.

It had never struck me that I had been dressing down, but it did occur to me that I rarely wore dresses or skirts; it was always slacks or trousers suits or, occasionally, jeans. I thought about this and it came to me that I never bothered to dress nicely unless my husband was taking me to some function or another where I was expected to "shine" as his wife. Under normal circumstances it was rather pointless dressing up for my husband since he was into men, not women.

"Sorry mother." Victor said breaking into my thoughts "I didn't mean to disturb you with my question."

"Eh, oh I'm not disturbed." I smiled "Just thinking about the way I dress and why. I really can't answer why I dress as I do, but would you like me to dress differently?"

I had emphasised the 'you' deliberately, not for any sexual reason, merely to let him know that I valued his opinion.

"Would you?" he asked, "Dress more attractively, I mean?"

"If you would like me to." I smiled "I'd even go back to wearing make-up if you like."

"That would be wonderful!" he beamed at me.

"Very well then," I replied with a broad smile "I will make more effort with my looks as from tomorrow."

Satisfied by my answer my son settled back to watch the rest of the film with me while I smiled softly to myself, pleased that I had been able to make my son happy so easily. As the film rolled towards it's conclusion I pondered on my wardrobe, I had a large number of dresses and skirts, and I bought the clothes to make me feel better about things, which they did at the time. Yet I had hardly worn any of these clothes up to now, other than for brief moments in the privacy of my room, it was actually quite thrilling to think I would now be wearing them for my son and his friends.

The next morning I rose, showered and selected a light summer dress from my wardrobe, bra panties and tights completed the ensemble and after applying a little make-up I went downstairs to join my son for breakfast. As I entered the dining room Victor looked up and smiled, I saw him smile his approval of my attire as I crossed the room.

"Well?" I grinned as I sat down at the table "Is this better?"

"Most definitely mother." He grinned back at me.

"Victor, I wish you'd just say mum instead of that so formal "mother" you use." I sighed.

"Okay, mum," he laughed "but would you do me a favour and call me Vick instead of Victor."

"It's a deal." I laughed.

A little later in the day I caught Vick looking at me speculatively, his gaze seemed to be focused on my legs and I teasingly posed to show off my legs better.

"Didn't you think I had legs?" I laughed.

"I did wonder at times." He laughed ruefully at being caught "It's just that I was wondering if those lovely legs were encased in stockings or those god awful tights things?"

His response surprised me, especially his expression of disgust about tights.

"I'm afraid these are tights." I answered his question "Not to worry though, I'll not wear them again."

He smiled his thanks at me while I thought to myself how easy it was to make a teenager happy.

"By the way," I teased, "do you really think I have lovely legs?"

Okay, so I was fishing for compliments, being married to a man that didn't even notice you meant there were very few compliments in my life and I was definitely enjoying receiving them from my son. He grinned and looked at my legs, then looked at my face.

"Mum, you have beautiful legs," he answered softly "what I have seen of them anyway."

Laughing I hitched the hem of my dress up almost to the level of my crotch and posed again.

"Well what do you think now that you can see more of them?"

"All I can say is 'wow!'," he grinned with his eyes fixed on my legs "they'd look even more beautiful once you get them into stockings though."

"Flatterer." I laughed.

I felt really good about myself after that conversation, so much so I went right up to my room and changed my tights for a pair of self-grip stockings. Looking at my reflection I had to admit my son was absolutely right, my legs looked a lot better in stockings than encased in tights. In a fey moment I grabbed all my tights and tossed them into the waste bin. As I left my room I heard the doorbell going, a moment later I heard the sound of multiple voices as my son's fellow "club" members entered the house. I wondered to myself what his friends would say if they could see me dressed as I was, with a mental laugh I decided to find out, more than that, I also decided to show my son I had followed his suggestion about changing into stockings. It was a little exciting knowing that in a few moments I would be flashing my legs at a group of horny young teenagers, one of whom was my own son.

"Hello boys." I smiled as I descended the stairs.

All eyes, including my sons' turned to me as they returned my greeting, I felt a thrill run through me as they looked approvingly at my dress-clad body. It was nice to know that even at my age I could get such glances from young men.

"Vick, I took your advice," I smiled at my son as I reached the bottom of the stairs "I changed into stockings. Look."

Once again I raised the hem of my dress to show off my legs to my son, only this time seven other pairs of eyes gazed at them too. I let them look for a few moments then lowered my dress again; it was pleasing and arousing to see that most of the boys were showing signs of erections from my brief flash of my legs.

"Much better." Victor laughed.

I was all set to follow after they had headed for their clubroom, but this day they seemed to have decided to do something outdoors. With a brief farewell all eight boys went out leaving me to wonder what I should do next. A gentle call from my pussy answered that question and I retreated to my room to masturbate yet again. Minutes later my fingers were plunging in my wet pussy as I remembered the appreciative look on the faces of all the boys, including my sons'.

Over the next few days I spent a lot of time masturbating, dressing up seemed to be making me feel so sexy and the compliments my son and his circle of friends paid me only increased that feeling. I knew my husband would throw a fit if he knew that I was almost flirting with our son and my son's friends, but I was feeling so good about myself for the first time in a lot of years that the prospect of his tantrum was a risk I was willing to take. All in all life was taking a turn for the better after so many lonely years in my loveless marriage.

That weekend my husband decided he would spend time at home; normally he spent his time in his London house, no doubt in the arms of his male lover. For whatever reason he decided to spend the weekend with us. Friday evening he walked through the door and the first words out of his mouth were 'why the hell are you dressed like that?'. So I told him why, even as I told him I could see he did not believe a word I was saying, it was quite clear that he was thinking that I had taken a lover. I was angered by his hypocrisy that allowed him his gay lovers while I was forced to remain celibate.

"I don't give a damn whether you believe me or not Chester," I said angrily as I finished my explanation "what I've said is the truth."

He 'harrumphed' and went off to his room while I stood in the hall fuming.

"Something wrong?" my son's voice came from behind me.

I was startled by his sudden appearance, but recovered my composure by taking a deep breath before turning to face him.

"I guess you heard most of it." I replied.

"Want me to sort it out with father?" he asked.

"You can try if you wish, but I doubt he'll listen." I sighed as I headed for my room.

"Oh he'll listen." I heard Victor say softly with a menacing note in his voice.

I looked over my shoulder at my son, but he was smiling at me and I wondered if I had actually heard what I had thought. Smiling back at him I went up to my room while my son turned towards his father's room on the ground floor. For most of the day I hid in my room, unwilling to face my husband again that day, I passed my time by reading some of the incest stories I had collected, but even these could not lighten my mood.

Later that evening Victor came to my room to bring me down to dinner, he wouldn't take my protest that I didn't feel that hungry and held out his arm to escort me down to the dining room. Giving in to his persistence I took his arm and let him guide me downstairs, as I took my place at the table I glanced across at my husband and was shocked by how pale he looked. Victor pushed my chair in for me then went to his own place, we ate in silence, I barely noticed the food and I could see my husband just toying with his, only Victor seemed to be at ease and eating with gusto. Finally Victor pushed his empty plate aside and sat back in his chair, his eyes fixed on his father.

"Father." He said in a low yet firm voice.

I looked at my husband; he was looking down at the table and quite obviously was uncomfortable about something. Then he cleared his throat and looked across the table at me.

"Melanie," he almost whispered "after taking with Victor I realise I was unfair to you earlier..."

He seemed to run out of steam, he glanced at our son then coughed and continued.

"It was wrong of me to comment on your choice of attire, especially as you were acting at our son's request."

I could not believe my ears, for the first time in all the years we'd been married my husband had never apologised for anything and yet here he was apologising to me! More than that, he went on to give his approval to my dressing to please our son! He was still talking, but my mind was not taking his words in fully, I was too stunned by his apology to comprehend more than snatches, amongst which were "demands he may make" and "I'm sure it would please you to please him". Almost in a state of shock I looked at Victor, he smiled at me and shook his head as though to signal I should stay silent for now. Eventually my husband wound down, with a barely audible 'excuse me' he left the table while I wondered what the hell our son had said to him to bring about such a change!

"Victor!" I turned to my son as soon as my husband was out of the room "What on earth did you say to your father to bring about his change of attitude?"

"I merely pointed out" Victor grinned "that it was so easy for rumours to spread in private schools and that newspapers were always haunting such places looking for those rumours."

"What rumours?" I asked dumbfounded.

"The ones that don't exist at this time." he laughed "Like the rumour that he spends his time in his London house with his gay lover."

Words failed me, I could only sit and stare open mouthed at my son while he sat smiling back at me so sweetly before going on.

"I also sort of pointed out to him that it was unfair of him to take lovers to his bed while demanding that you took none. We'll discuss that later though mother dearest, right now we need to go say farewell to father, he's returning to London tonight it seems."

Numbly I followed Victor into the hall in time to see my husband coming from his room with the overnight bag he'd brought with him. He seemed to look almost fearfully at our son then looked at me briefly with almost a look of pity in his eyes.

"Chester?" I said softly.

"I ah, something has come up, I have to return to London." he responded in a strained voice.

Then he was out the door and gone leaving me totally confused and unable to believe what was happening. My son had openly admitted that he had blackmailed his own father into not only apologising to me, but into giving his approval for me to dress to please our son and I was almost certain that Victor had persuaded him to depart that night as well. I looked at Victor almost in shocked awe; he smiled back at me as though nothing had happened at all.

"Well," my son smiled as he took one of my hands in his "it seems it's just you and me 'schweethart'."

Despite my utter confusion I had to smile at his atrocious Humphrey Bogart impression. Virtually unthinking I let my son lead me into the lounge where he poured me a good stiff drink, which I took and downed in one gulp.

"Another?" Victor asked as I felt the drink burning down my throat.

"Please." I sighed.

This time I sipped at the drink he handed me, looking at him speculatively over the rim of my glass I wondered what my son was thinking.

"What now?" I asked at last.

"Now," he smiled "I think we'll enjoy a pleasant evening together. How does soft music and a little dancing sound to you?"

He seemed totally unconcerned by the events of the evening and I just could not get my mind together, but his suggestion seemed to be a good way to pass the time while I tried to come to terms with what seemed to be my son's dominance of his father. I nodded my agreement to Victor who was looking me up and down with a frown on his face.

"What?" I asked at last.

"I was just thinking that it might be nice if you changed into something more seductive and slinky." he smiled at me.

Nodding I left the room and headed up to my room to change into something more 'seductive' for my son. As I changed I tried to get my act together, then my eyes fell on the floppy disk containing some of the incest stories from the Internet. For a moment I stared at the disk trying to push away the thought that had entered my mind, but it kept coming back, my son might be attempting to seduce me!

"Oh Lord!" I gasped as an orgasm came out of no-where.

Shaking I sat down heavily on the bed while the sensation of bliss washed over me. Looking up as my peak faded I saw my reflection in the dressing mirror, I watched myself flush at the thought that Victor may be trying to have sex with me. I felt shocked at my reactions to this thought, I was turned on as I had not ever been before and in that instant I knew with absolute certainty that if my son were to attempt to have me I would give him what he wanted. Deep inside I felt shame at my thoughts, but this only seemed to add to my arousal.

"Don't be so stupid," I laughed at my reflection "your son wouldn't look at you in that way."

I felt idiotic about my thoughts of a few moments before, nevertheless, I decided that the dress I had put on was not seductive enough and changed into one that I had bought purely because it was so sexy. The dress was black with a silvered pattern to it, it was backless and thin straps held it's top up and that top was so small that it wasn't even possible to wear a strapless bra with it. It felt deliciously daring to tie the straps and feel the material of the dress rub against my bare breasts. Another feature of the dress was the skirt, it was knee length and flowing, but it also had a slit from waistband to hem, twirling would send the skirt up around my waist like a hoop, or sitting the skirt would slide slowly off my legs. I was sure Victor would consider the dress both seductive and slinky, and then I laughed at my own thoughts. Freshening my make-up I made my way downstairs.

"Damn," Victor said with a broad smile "the wait was more than worth it. Mum you look fantastic!"

I felt my face redden at his compliment while at the same time feeling elated by it. Victor came over to me, took my hand and led me to the centre of the room; in passing he turned on the CD player and soft, warm, gentle, seductive music drifted from the speakers. With a firm hand my son enfolded me in his arms and began to slow dance with me, our bodies tight to each other and I all too soon became very aware of his body rubbing against mine. Wordlessly we drifted with the music, for a time I forgot it was my son holding me so close, my son whose hands were rubbing on my lower back and my son who was gently nuzzling at one of my ears.

"Victor!" I gasped as his tongue traced the outline of my ear lobe.

"Mother?" he responded leaning back to look me in the eyes.
Chapter 2
Home - Top   Feedback to author

Home « Scorpio00155's Page « Dominated By My Son Index « Previous - Settings
Chapter 2: ... Submission
Posted: March 02, 2001 - 12:00:00 am

Before I could respond those eyes drew closer to me, then I felt the tentative touch of warm lips on mine, it was a brief kiss, no more than a fleeting second, but it sent a shiver of excitement through my whole body. With a sigh I felt my whole body relax against my son, I knew in my mind that what was happening was wrong and that I should somehow stop it, but at the same time I had been craving the attention of a man for such a very long time and in the end I just surrendered to the sensations of bliss running through me. I felt fingers lightly lifting my chin until I was looking into my son's eyes again, he must have seen my surrender written there because he smiled then leant forward and kissed me firmly. His lips came down on mine in a burningly passionate kiss that sent tingles of delight spreading through me, I felt his hands tugging at my back then my dress felt suddenly loose and I gasped into his mouth at the knowledge that he had opened the straps of my dress.

Parting our lips my son pushed the dress from my shoulders and slid it down my body, it fell in a crumpled heap around my ankles as he took a step back and gazed at me in the bright light of the living room, I felt my nipples tingle as his eyes passed over them and my pussy ached as his eyes went lower. I could feel my juices beginning to soak the crotch of my miniscule panties as he gazed at me. He smiled and looked at my face, in his eyes I could see what he wanted, I knew that I, not he, would have to remove my panties, it would be an expression of my surrender to him. My hands trembled as I lowered then to the waistband of my panties and slowly pushed them down, deep inside me a little voice of reason was screaming at me to stop, but I ignored it in favour of the powerful feelings running through me.

"God you are a beautiful woman mother." Victor breathed as I stepped out of my panties.

"Victor!" I gasped out as his hands started to undo his own clothing.

I felt mesmerised, trapped, unable to protest or move as I watched my son undress in front of me, his eyes constantly roaming over my body and when he pushed off his underpants to reveal the raging erection he bore I felt the breath catch in my throat. It was at that very moment that I realised who the Dominators first intended victim had been, the one they had all voted for so enthusiastically, it was me!

"Victor!" I said weakly as this realisation hit me and as he raised his hands to my breasts.

"Hush mum," he said quietly as his hands stroked my boobs "just enjoy it."

I was having no trouble in that despite all my inner shock at what was happening I was enjoying it more than I had ever enjoyed anything in my life, still a part of me wanted to put a stop to it, to end the foolishness before it went too far, but I couldn't find the will to act as I knew I should and when my son began to tease my nipples I felt only bliss as an orgasmic tide rose in me. I felt myself starting to shudder as one of my son's hands slid down my body to my pussy while he leant forward to take my nipple in his mouth, I felt like two people, one who was watching as though from a distance feeling shocked and terrified by what was happening, the other feeling wild elation at the pleasure my son's attentions were giving me and when I felt his fingers slide into my pussy while his thumb pressed on my clit I cried out in sheer delight. It never even occurred to me to wonder how a 16-year-old boy could arouse me with such seemingly experienced hands. A few seconds or minutes or hours later I felt my son's hands moving from my breast and pussy, his mouth releasing my nipple, then he was holding me firmly, I gasped as he swept me off my feet and lowered me to the carpet with my body still shaking from orgasmic bliss.

"Please Victor we mustn't!" I gasped out weakly.

I felt so mixed up and so wildly excited, I knew that if I let my son have me I would give myself to him totally, I would be his to own and I also knew that this was his wish, to make me his slave! I was torn between surrendering to him and my inner fear of what enslavement would mean, it was so confusing, but Victor felt no confusion as he came between my legs and pressed his cock to my pussy.

"VICTOR!" I cried as I felt him surging into me, my body rising of its own accord to meet him.

If I had felt ecstatic before I felt overwhelmed now as my son began to move his cock in my pussy with a deliciously slow, firm stroke, leaning over me he twisted his head to suck at one of my nipples while he used one hand to play with the other and his other arm to support himself, all my thoughts were suddenly engulfed by pure bursts of delectable sensations. As those sensations ran through me I knew that any chance I may have had to resist was gone for good, I could hear myself crying out as though I was listening from a distance, my cries begging him to 'fuck me', pleading with him to 'fill me', deep down inside I felt disgusted at my reactions, but all I could do was feel as I rode on roller coasters of ecstasy. Victor was moving faster in me and I was moving with him, it was as though my body had taken total control as it savoured what it desired to the full, in a moment of clarity I found that I had wrapped my arms and legs about his body, holding him to me as his cock slid in and out of my burning, virtually virgin pussy and my mind was overwhelmed by sensations again. Then my son thrust into me and groaned, his body trembled against mine and I felt a burst of heat deep inside me as his semen flowed thickly, screaming out my passion as my body bucked and writhed under him I let myself drown in the sheer bliss of the moment. When my peak faded I could still feel my son moving in my pussy even as his cock began to shrink, at last Victor rolled off me and I lay panting and shaking, unable to control the tremors that ran through my body or my ragged, over-excited breathing, beside me my son sat up and I sensed that he was looking down at me, turning my head I looked up at him with glazed eyes.

"You are fantastic." Victor smiled down at me, his chest heaving from his exertions.

The whole situation was bizarre, here I lay on the thick pile of the living room carpet feeling fully satisfied for the first time in my life, but it had been my own son that had given me that satisfaction! I could feel his juices start to trickle from my pussy as I lay gazing up at my son, one thing I was thankful for was that I had been sterilised at my husbands' insistence. Deep down I knew that what was happening was wrong, but I still could not believe that I had let my son seduce me. What was worse was that I knew that I would surrender myself to him again; he had touched something within me that craved to be controlled by him. Shame, guilt even fear coursed through me, but at the same time I felt fulfilled, desired and contented; right or wrong I wanted the sensations of pleasure Victor gave me.

Victors' eyes roamed over my body again; there was a smile of satisfaction on his lips and something else that I could not define in his eyes. Then he was touching me again, I gasped as I felt his fingers squeeze one of my nipples, with a will of it's own my boob pressed up to his hand as I gave a low cry of pleasure at his touch. My cry grew louder as the fingers of his other hand thrust into my pussy, as I cried out my bliss I understood what that look in my sons' eyes was, power! He knew he had power over me and inside I felt shame at my own weakness. Yet I rose to an overwhelming orgasm under his so expert touch, his fingers pushing into me with an almost cruel force that was driving me crazy. Some minutes later the words my husband had tried to say earlier came back to me and with a shocked gasp I opened my eyes to look up at my son.

"He knew!" I gasped, "Your father knew what was going to happen!"

"Of course he did," Victor smiled down at me, leant over, kissed me then went on "I told him before I told him to leave for London."

"Oh God!" I gaped at him "I know what you want of me Victor, I heard you talking the night you formed your Dominators club."

"I know you know mother," he smiled even more broadly as he reached out to stroke my boobs again "I saw you with your ear to the vent that night, I knew you had heard what we had been saying. Why do you think I wrote your name down rather than say it out loud?"

"You knew?" I gasped in disbelief.

"It was all the sweeter seducing you knowing that at some point it would occur to you that you would become my slave." he laughed "I do love you mother, more than you could ever know, but I also want you as a man wants a woman, a dominant man and a sub woman. Tonight I shall enjoy your company to the full; tomorrow you meet the other club members. For now I want you to suck me off mother, I want you to use that beautiful mouth on my cock."

"But I've never..." I faltered under his gaze.

It was his first true order to me and I knew that I would give him what he wanted, there was no point in protesting. Kneeling up as my son lay back I leant over his semi-limp cock and licked it all over before taking the tip of it into my mouth, taking a little more of him in I ran my tongue around his shaft and sucked gently. In moments my son was fully erect again, his flesh growing into my mouth as I licked and sucked at it, I was surprised that it felt so hard yet so soft at the same time.

"Move your head mother, fuck me with your mouth as you did with your cunt." Victor instructed.

I could feel tears of guilt and shame filling my eyes as I did as he ordered, sliding my mouth up and down on his hard cock and enjoying the sensation of it moving in my mouth, on my tongue and on my lips. My sons' body began to give little jerks upwards as my mouth slid down on him, then his hands came to the back of my head and I felt him push me down on him. I gagged as his cockhead pressed to the back of my throat, yet he persisted with the pressure of his hands, I knew about deep-throating from porn films and books, I had even read a guide to it that I had found online, but it was something I had never expected to do! Especially not something I had expected to have to do the first time I sucked on a man's cock. But it was clear that my son wanted me to deep-throat him and I blinked back even more tears of shame as I pushed down on his erection of my own volition.

Working slowly I pressed down on his erection, as I felt it press against the back of my throat I tried relaxing my throat muscles and fighting the gagging the sensation. When the feeling of choking got too strong I would pull back, pause a moment then push down on him again sucking a little more of his cock into my mouth each time I went down, my tongue sliding all the way forward under his cock. Gradually his cock worked its way into my throat and as I grew more used to the way it felt my gag reflexes began to weaken, at this point I tried to swallow while pushing down on him. It was with a mixture of pride, joy and shame that I felt his cock enter my throat, for a moment I stopped swallowing and breathed deeply through my nose while trying to relax even more. A few moments later I pressed down a little further and Victor made a soft moaning sound of pleasure that encouraged me to continue my efforts.

"Oh yeah," Victor groaned as I slowly worked his cockhead further into my throat "that's the way mother darling, take it all in."

Take it all in he'd commanded and slowly I managed to do just that, all 9 inches of him nestled in my mouth and throat as my lips pressed to his groin tightly. Slowly I pulled back feeling his hardness tugging at the walls of my throat as it slid outwards, the sudden relief of pressure I felt when the cap pulled out of my throat made me feel light headed for a moment. Yet I was determined to give my son what he wanted and after only a brief pause I pressed back down on his erection, taking his flesh back into my throat in a slow steady motion. The sounds of my son's pleasure at my actions served to spurred me on and gradually I achieved a slow bobbing movement that kept part of is cock in my throat at all times. Nor was my son the only one gaining pleasure from my actions, despite the feeling of my throat being stretched I found myself starting to enjoy the slow slide of his flesh in my throat.

For a while he let me govern the pace, but then, as I pressed down again and my lips kissed his groin I felt his grip on my head tighten. His hands held my head still for a brief time, then pulled my head up until just the head of his cock remained in my throat, once again his hands held my head firmly. Suddenly his cock surged into my throat as he bucked his hips upwards, I gave a gurgling squeal around his erection as it filled me, then a groan as he pulled back to repeat the process. With hard thrusts my son fucked my throat and mouth for a few minutes, then he lay still and his hands moved from my head. I knew he had been showing me what he wanted me to do and now he was waiting to see if I would obey without being told. He gave a gleeful laugh as I pushed down with as much force as I could then pulled back to do it all over again, fucking him as he'd been fucking me, fast, hard and almost cruelly. Taking him at this pace was the hardest thing I had ever done, but to my surprise I gradually found myself not only getting used to this new tempo but also enjoying it even more!

Time lost meaning as I deep-throated my son with as much force as I could, my eyes brimmed with tears of humiliation, but at the same time I felt so aroused by my actions and the very humiliation that filled me. Deep inside I knew that my feelings of shame, horror, humiliation and shock would never leave me, but I also knew that the sensation of excitement, bliss, delight and fulfilment would be what would control me.

"Tomorrow," Victor said breathlessly as I continued to deep-throat him "the rest of the boys will be wanting you to put up some show of resistance I'm sure. Think you could pretend to fight a little?"

I knew he was expecting me to find a way to answer him, I also knew that I would have no problem in putting up a fight for his friends, it would be real as my submission to them would not be the same as it had been to my son. Though had he told me to let them take me without fuss I knew I would have done so. For now my son was expecting an answer, all I could think of was to make a nodding motion with my head at the same time I tried to say yes with my voice, but the sound was nothing more than a humming gurgle.

"I take it that you said yes." my son breathed heavily.

Over the next few minutes my son laid back gasping and sighing with pleasure as I fucked him with my mouth, my jaws were aching badly when at last my son thrust his hips off the floor and groaned. Suddenly his cock was swelling and jerking in my throat, and then I felt a gush of thick, warm fluid into my throat as Victor climaxed making me gag and gulp desperately to take his flow. He seemed to flow for ages, but eventually the flow ended and he lay back again, he hadn't told me to stop so once more I began to thrust my throat on him again. For a while his cock began to soften, but then it started to harden again and I tried to thrust even harder on him.

"You can stop now mother." Victor commanded.

Sitting up I felt my boobs bouncing as I gasped for breath, my son smiled up at me then reached out to stroke my pussy, as his fingers pushed into me I felt a wave of bliss wash over me, I groaned with pleasure and fought to keep my eyes open so my son could see the excitement in my eyes. He smiled at my efforts to keep my eyes open for his pleasure and fingered me all the harder, his thumb pressing and rubbing on my clit so deliciously that I climaxed within minutes. With a terse command my son had me kneel over his face and for the first time in a night of firsts I felt a man's tongue probing and pushing at my pussy. There on the lounge floor my son took me through two orgasms with his mouth and tongue, sensations of such force ran through me that I thought I would faint with pleasure. As I came down from my second climax Victor had me stand up, taking my hand he led me up to my room.

"Get on the bed mother," he commanded "on your hands and knees facing the dressing mirror."

I did as ordered, crouched on the bed I faced my own reflection and knew that my son was going to take me from behind so that I could watch both my own humiliation and my excitement. The bed bounced as Victor came onto it, I saw him reflected over my back as he came into position behind me.

"Keep looking yourself in the eyes" he commanded.

Then his cock was surging into my pussy with one hard thrust, I cried out with pleasure and saw the sheer glee in my reflected eyes. Victor started fucking me hard, his cock ramming home with each thrust sending me into a frenzy of delight, yet I somehow managed to keep looking into my eyes in the mirror. In those reflected eyes I saw the tears of my humiliation and joy, the surging rise of bliss that ran through me each time my son rammed home, the glaze of each orgasm that ripped through me. A sudden sharp crack rang through the room and my voice rose to a virtual scream as I felt my son's hand slam into one of my buttocks. God the pain of it! God the pleasure of it! Sobbing I thrust back against my son's cock and waited for the next slap of his hand on my flesh that I knew would come sooner or later. When it did eventually come I was already in the throes of a climax, the sharp pain mixed with the peak of my pleasure made me scream out, in the mirror my image screamed too, her eyes brimming with tears, her mouth open as she gasped through waves of bliss and pain. From behind me I heard my son groan as he pushed deep into me, I felt his cock swell and jerk then the heat of his flowing juices filling me.

After a few straining moments Victors peak passed and he was fucking me as though in frenzy, I felt my senses reeling as he forced me to an even higher plateau of pleasure. Despite this I was mindful of his last command and did my best to keep looking into my reflections' eyes, I was not totally successful in this though as my head drooped with the sensation running through me. My son was determined I would see my humiliation through though; his fingers caught at my hair and pulled my head up so that I could see myself again. In this position he fucked me through another climax then pulled his cock from me, only his arm around my waist and his hold on my hair prevented me collapsing to the bed trembling. In the mirror my eyes went wide as I felt his cock press to my anus, using only my juices coating his cock my son forced his cock into my arse in one hard thrust that had me screaming.

"Fuck me with your arse." Victor commanded as he held still in me.

Blinking back tears I moved my lower body on him, slowly I pulled away then thrust back, pulled away and thrust back, mixed waves of pain, pleasure, shame, exhilaration, humiliation and bliss crashed over me as I began to move faster and harder on my sons' cock in my arse. Gradually the pain faded to be replaced by nothing but pleasure, the shame and humiliation remained with me, but they only seemed to add to my pleasure and his! Ages passed, I was sobbing with exhausted pleasure, but I kept up my motions in the knowledge that he had to come in my back passage, to violate this last hole with his jism.

"Should I spank you some more?" he asked breathlessly.

"If you want to." I gasped out.

"What do you want mother?" he asked.

"I want whatever you tell me I want." I gaspingly replied.

"I think I want to beat you." he said softly.

His hand hitting my buttock was anything but soft, I cried out my pain/pleasure for my son to hear, and savour, moments later I cried out again as he hit the other buttock. Then he was alternating between buttocks, hitting them in a hard even rhythm that had me sobbing, screaming, and climaxing! As I came my arse tightened around Victor's cock, with a loud groan he pushed into me and I felt the swell, jerk, heat of his climax as his seed spurted into my bowels. A few moments later he was thrusting in me again, but after a few strokes he stopped and pulled out of my arse. His hands released their hold on me and I fell twitching and jerking in orgasm on my stomach on the bed, dimly I felt the bed bounce, but I was so lost in my ecstasy that it meant little to me at all.

Moments passed and gradually my senses returned, I felt exhausted and still tingled with excitement, still gasping for breath I managed to kneel back up on my hands and knees and looked at my dishevelled reflection. Victor was standing to one side of the mirror looking tired, but so satisfied; he was smiling softly at me as I struggled to stay on my hands and knees.

"You can sit on the edge of the bed." my son said gently.

It was a mixed blessing to sit, my backside still burned from the spanking he had given it, but at the same time the heat was making my pussy twitch with excitement I didn't know I had the strength to feel. I smiled weakly up at Victor and waited for his next command or action.

"What are you mother?" Victor asked with a smile.

At first I didn't understand the question, I tried to think what he could mean and it was a fleeting thought that I was in the same position as the woman enslaved by her son in the internet story that gave me the answer I somehow knew he was looking for.

"I'm your whore." I breathed.

"What did you say?" he said with his smile broadening.

I knew he had heard me, but I also knew that I had to debase myself loudly and fully to him.

"I'm your whore." I said in a firmer voice.

"Exactly!" he laughed "And what does my whore do?"

"Whatever you tell me to." I answered without hesitation.

He nodded then looked at me, his eyes passing over my body lustfully but also appraisingly.

"Let's go take a shower mum," he said at last "you look worn out and you have a heavy day ahead of you tomorrow."

We showered together, his hands washing my body as I washed his; it was a sensuous and exciting experience. Under the shower my son took me with such gentleness and tenderness that was a stark contrast to the forcefully brutal way he had taken me earlier. Tired though I was I managed another couple of orgasms before my son pulled out of me and shot his sperm over my stomach, it slithered away in the stream of water that washed over us constantly. Leaving the shower we dried each other and then headed back to my room, Victor climbed into bed beside me and held me tight to him as I lay feeling sleepy and oh so satisfied.
Chapter 3
Home - Top   Feedback to author


Home « Scorpio00155's Page « Dominated By My Son Index « Previous - Settings
Chapter 3: The Gang's All Here
Posted: March 02, 2001 - 12:00:00 am

"You know what you have to do?" Victor asked for the umpteenth time as we waited for his friends to arrive.

"Yes Victor," I smiled "I know what I have to do. Though I am not sure how much you want me to struggle with your friends."

He considered this while I relived in my mind my seduction and enslavement of only a few precious hours ago, exciting myself even more as I remembered how it felt to be fucked and controlled by my own son.

"Were the boys to have taken you cold," he asked "without me dominating you first, how much would you struggle?"

"I don't honestly know." I replied.

"Would you eventually surrender to them under those conditions?" he tried again.

"Eventually." I smiled "Sooner or later they would have mastered me."

"In which case let them master you." he grinned "Fight them to the end."

"Not you, I couldn't fight you now." I gasped out.

"Having already mastered you I won't be taking you this time, just the other seven." he laughed "I will be there though, I will watch them break you, watch you eventually beg them to do as they wish with you just as you begged me last night. And so you can savour the moment over and over I will be using the video cam to record it all."

I felt a rush of excitement at his last words, but I had to calm myself if the role I was to play for his friends was to be convincing. Not that it was much of a role, I felt terrified at the thought of his friends all taking me, of becoming almost as enslaved by them as I was by my son, I knew that very little of my reactions would be acting. The sound of the doorbell made me jump as the moment of truth arrived; leaving the lounge Victor gave me a last smile and went to let his friends into the house. Alone I felt myself begin to tremble with dread at what I would have to do next, but I knew that I would make my son proud of me by doing as he had ordered. I heard the voices of the boys pass along the hall then fade as they entered their "clubroom" and closed the door behind them. With growing tension I waited for the summons from my son.

"Mother," my son's voice sounded along the hallway "would you come in here."

Taking a deep nervous breath I headed towards the clubroom, before Victors' call I had been feeling slightly aroused, my pussy had been starting to get wet. Now as I walked slowly to the room where I was to be broken to the wills of seven 16-year-old boys I felt my throat tightening with fear and my pussy grow dry. That walk and the feelings it brought about in me must have been something like what those poor French aristocrats had felt on their walk to the scaffold of Madam le Guillotine. All too soon I was at the door with fear threatening to make me turn away and run to my room, in fact I partially turned to flee before the thought of how this would affect Victor came to me. Given a modicum of strength by that thought I straightened my shoulders and knocked at the clubroom door, it opened to reveal Victor.

"You called for me Victor?" I spoke one of my few set lines.

"I did mother," he smiled "do come inside."

I walked through that door with dread at what was to take place filling me, the gentle click of the door closing behind me felt like a cell door banging shut. Victor walked to the other end of the room, as would be natural I followed him mindful of the other boys in the room, yet doing my utmost to focus only on Victor.

"What was it you wanted Victor?" I asked once he came to a stop about three quarters of the way across the room.

"Not me mother," he smiled as he turned and picked up the video cam from a side table "them."

With his chin he indicated the other boys in the room and I did my best to look puzzled but not yet concerned. I raised an eyebrow in query to them.

"Melanie." The boy called Paul spoke out for them all "we wish you to submit to us as we know you have already submitted to Victor. Will you do so willingly?"

I looked at them with the best expression of shocked surprise I could muster, shaking my head I looked over to Victor.

"Don't look to me," he spoke the words we had practiced "the others need to know you have submitted to them because you have done so willingly or because they have mastered you, not because I have commanded you to do so."

I looked back to the other boys and spoke my last scripted line; from here on I would be ad-libbing.

"I have no intention of submitting to you boys at all."

"Well if you won't submit to us willingly it will have to be the other way then." Paul spoke in a low voice filled with menace.

With that I did what would be natural under those circumstances, I turned on my heel and walked quickly towards the door. My heels made little noise on the carpeted floor, but the click of the door being locked filled the room ominously, I paused in mid-stride and stared at the boy Len, he was openly placing the key to the door in a pocket while leering at me meaningfully. Nevertheless I continued my retreat to the door even though I knew escape was not on the cards, tugging at the door handle with true desperation I made a forlorn effort to get out of the room. Then a hand touched my shoulder and I whirled around pressing my back to the door as I looked in turn at each of the seven teen faces in front of me. The fear the boys could see in my stance also showed in my eyes, I was truly afraid and suddenly wanted to truly escape no matter how it may affect my sons' status in the group. Only it was way too late for escape so I stood poised to fight and claw at the boys as they drew in around me, but even this was to be denied me. One boy lunged forward and as I raised a hand to scratch at him another boy lunged in and grabbed my wrist, as though it were a signal all the boys lunged at me, in seconds they had me helpless in their hands and were dragging me screaming and struggling towards the centre of the room.

"Strip her." I heard the boy called Paul command.

As the clothes were literally torn from my struggling body I could see my son taping each and every moment, but I had little time to look to the camera. I was glad that I had taken Victor's advise to wear either old clothes or ones I didn't like, within a minute my clothes, all of them, lay in tatters around my feet. Raising my voice in a plea to the boys to stop what they were doing I tried to cover my breasts with one arm and my pussy with the other hand, I felt tears spring to my eyes as I begged them not to do this thing. My pleas fell on deaf ears though, they had barely left my mouth when the boys moved into a circle around me, then the boys tossed me around their circle, groping my breasts and laughing at my cries for help and my pleas for them to stop. Eventually I came full circle then found myself being thrust around again, this time it was my pussy they focussed their attentions on, they pushed fingers into me, rubbed at it, crushed it and pulled at my clit ignoring all my pleas and struggles. Again I came full circle, I was very afraid and oh so humiliated to be treated so by a group of 16 year old boys, at the same time I was shocked to discover that my pussy was started to grow wet! I had no doubt these boys would be only too happy to discover that wetness.

I was standing in front of Paul; he reached out and speared a finger into my pussy then let out a laugh.

"She's getting wet boys!" he declared.

I slapped his hand away from my pussy and glared fearfully at him, rubbing his wrist the boy smirked at me while speaking to the other boys.

"Enough play," Paul said in a low voice "take her down for her first fucking."

"NOOO!" I cried out and tried to break loose of their circle.

It was a useless gesture on my part, as I had known it would be, in moments they had hold of all my limbs and were laying me none to gently on the floor. Then, while four of them held my limbs the other three undressed, they took the place of three of the boys at my limbs who in their turn stripped. The last boy was relieved and soon I was the centre of seven naked teens all sporting erections that ranged from a 5 inch tiddler to a large 8 inch one, despite my fear at what was about to take place I still managed the pride filled thought that my sons cock outclassed all of theirs in length and girth. The boys holding my struggling legs pushed them apart and up, as Paul knelt down in front of me I cried out my fear at what was to happen. With a laugh the boy thrust his cock into my pussy and began to fuck me with hard strokes. Sobbing I turned my head away and called out to god to help me, laughter was my only reply, that and one of the boys taking hold of either side of my head and forcing me to look up into Paul's face as he fucked me with cruel force. Paul leered down at me then placed his lips on mine with forceful passion. A kiss I did my best to ignore for as long as I could, but the feel of the boys cock sliding in my pussy was exciting me more and more, which I knew was what they were relying on, without warning I found myself giving a groan and returning the boys' kiss. As I returned his kiss Paul gave a grunt into my mouth, pushed hard into me and trembled, in my pussy I felt his cock swell then twitch as he filled me with his juices.

"Damn me," Paul commented breathlessly as he rose from my violated body "she is one hot fuck and no mistake about it."

The next boy to take me was Len; he humped and ground his cock in my pussy, teased my nipples and kissed me until I had almost reached a climax. Then the sod came, grunting out his pleasure even as his jism spurted into me. Len rose from me leaving me quivering on the edge of a climax, desperate to get off yet equally as desperate to escape my rapers. But it was not to be, as Len moved away Alan took his place, once again the young body on top of me thrust and ground with regard only to his pleasure. Thankfully he managed to drive me to a climax shortly before he came himself. John was next and he thrust into me while I was in mid-orgasm, his motions kept me boiling with pleasure and I felt my legs released which let me hump up my lower body to greet John's thrusts. Then John had climaxed and gone from me, his place filled by Ray and eventually Adam took Ray's place, until at last the seventh boy, Ian, took his turn fucking me.

Trembling in climax I lay with my eyes closed, they flew open when I felt myself being hauled to my feet and dragged across the room to the far wall, I barely had time to register the fact that there were iron rings spaced along the wall both high up and low down before I felt one of my hands being tied to a ring. In desperation I tried to kick out and to pull my other hand loose, but they held me too tightly and one by one my wrists and ankles were tied to the rings.

"Will you submit to us?" one of the boys asked.

"No!" I gasped out shaking my head in the negative as hard as I could.

Then I screamed as pain blossomed in my buttocks, using a paddle or something similar they took it in turns to beat my posterior. I sobbed and screamed, pleaded and writhed all to no avail, the beating went on and as had happened with Victor, it also turned me on. In my writhing I made them occasionally miss their target and my screeches were loud and high when whatever it was they were beating me with landed partially or totally on my pussy lips, it was those blows in particular that sent me roaring into an orgasm some unknown time later.

My orgasm seemed to be the signal for the beating to stop, instead hands rubbed and squeezed at my burning buttocks, slid round to squeeze my throbbing pussy lips then moved back to press at my anus. Something slick and slippery pushed a little way into my arse hole making me gasp and wriggle with mixed pain and pleasure. The something, which I could tell was neither a finger nor a cock, pushed further in my back passage in such a slow tortuously sublime manner that I was cumming mere moments later. This time my climax was greeted with a chorus of laughter and ribald comments that did have the effect of humiliating me even more, but the side effect to that was that I merely climaxed all the harder. God alone knows how long I hung attached to those rings, but at no point was my body unattended, hands or objects were touching or filling me constantly and not only singly. At one point two hands were squeezing and pulling at my boobs, another hand was tweaking my clit cruelly, at the same time someone was fucking my pussy hard with a dildo while another dildo twisted and thrust in my arse, as if that wasn't enough my buttocks were being spanked with an irregular rhythm. Screaming, sobbing, shaking and shuddering I was pushed through orgasm after orgasm after orgasm until I hung weak and panting in my bonds. My physical collapse must have been a signal to move on to whatever they had planned for me next.

I was not really aware enough to pay attention to their actions as they freed me from the rings and dragged me near the centre of the room. In a brief moment of clarity I saw my son out of the corner of my eye, he was following everything that was being done to me with the video cam. A thrill ran through me at the thought that I would later be able to savour the sights and sounds of my domination. But that was definitely for later, in the present I was being turned and twisted, my wrists were being locked into some sort of padded belt, as were my ankles and thighs. I felt something coming under my back then I was released by the hands that had been manoeuvring me, I gasped as I felt myself swinging above the floor, above me the ceiling swayed to and fro, only it dawned on me that it wasn't the ceiling moving. Then the seven boys were all around me, my look of fear was certainly not faked as I realised that I was at the perfect height for them to take me in any of my orifices, singly or in groups! Suddenly all the boys looked up, with dread filling me I followed their gaze to see something being lowered on a wire towards my chest.

"OH GOD!" I cried out when I realised what the something being lowered was.

The boys grabbed the nipple clamps as soon as they could reach them, I heard the cables they were attached to whirr as the boys pulled the clamps down to my nipples and attached them to my sensitive buds.

"Please no!" I gasped out as the wires began to tighten.

In mixed horror and excitement I watched my nipples being pulled up in the clamps, my boobs stretching upwards as the boys pulled the wires upwards. How they made their judgement of when to stop pulling my boobs upwards was anyone's guess, but when they stopped the sensations of pleasure were just that bit stronger than those of pain. Then the boys were all around me again, their hands reaching out to stroke, squeeze, pinch and even hit every part of my body. Under this level of attention I was soon climaxing and continued to climax throughout the next part of my delicious ordeal.

Too overwhelmed by the waves of rapture that were washing over and through me to note who took me or in what order, all I know is that they must all of had me at least three times as I hung and swung in my bonds. I do remember that the first of them to take me in this position took me in the arse, I can remember crying out at the pain of his entry, can remember the swinging sensation as he thrust in and pulled out with cruelly hard strokes. Another boy pushed my head down until it dangled painfully, he pushed his cock at my lips and at that moment I knew that I had very little resistance left in me, nevertheless I managed to keep my lips closed while he pressed his cock to my lips insistently. My whole body jerked as he hit my stretched boobs, my scream of pained pleasure was all the opportunity he needed to thrust his cock into my mouth.

Pierced at arse and mouth I was being fucked mercilessly to ever higher peaks of orgasmic bliss as I swung to and fro to their thrusts, and when at long last the one of them in my arse came I gurgled around the cock pushing into my throat, closed my mouth and sucked hard to be rewarded by the second boy cumming straight into my throat. I hung limply in my bonds gasping for breath and trying to clear the haze of orgasm from my mind, but barely had two seconds passed before I felt another cock surge into my pussy while another forced its way into my parted lips. Helpless I could do more than lie there as another pair of boys took me, then another and another and another. On and on, each time the boys seemed to go on fucking me for longer and with greater force, I suppose in hindsight it was obvious that they were rotating and resting while I received attention in my arse, pussy and mouth constantly.

God knows how many times I'd been taken by them, but eventually the stage came when I knew I could not resist them any longer, that they had dominated me and that I would submit to their desires, though I also knew that it would be my son's desires and orders that would take precedence over all others. In a brief moment when my mouth was empty of a cock I cried out my surrender weakly.

"Please, please I submit to you!" I panted.

The boys came around me, their faces hot and sweaty looking from their exertions, their lips curved in triumphant smiles. But my weak cry was not enough, they made out that they had not heard me, just as my son had the previous night. Taking a deep shuddering breath I looked at each of them and said the words they wanted to hear.

"I submit to you," I said loudly "I am your whore, your slave!"

They were overjoyed at their victory, unlike my son the other boys had to crow about their breaking of my will to theirs.

"So what should we do with you now?" Paul leered leaning over me as I swayed in my bonds.

"Whatever you wish." I replied softly.

"So if it were our wish to carry on fucking you as we have been... ?" he said leaving the rest of the question unstated.

"It would be my pleasure to accept you in any way you want to take me." I replied.

"Let's test your obedience." Len said as he reached towards my bonds.

They released me and stood me on my feet, I swayed weakly as I stood waiting for whatever was to come. Smiling I looked straight into the camera lens as Victor continued to film the events, then I was too busy to pay attention to my son. In a flurry of orders I was instructed to impale my pussy on Adam's cock as he lay on his back on the floor, I begged Paul to fuck me in the arse (as I had been ordered to do) then took Ian's cock deep into my throat. All three boys remained still while I fucked them hard and fast, pushing my body onto the impaling cocks with all the strength I could muster, it didn't take me long to start climaxing and I never stopped climaxing even after the three boys filled me with their juices, moved away from me and their places were taken by Ray, John and Alan. For the next hour they had me fuck them non-stop, events became a blur to me as I sucked on cocks, took them in my pussy and arse, wanked them and even tit fucked them!

At last though it was over; though I admit to having a small feeling of disappointment that it had ended. Naked, covered and filled with semen I was sat on a towel in an armchair, my senses reeling and fading with less and less intensity as the minutes passed. Through my haze I could hear the boys laughing and talking, my son's voice sounded as though it came from nearby and when I could focus my eyes slightly I looked up to see Victor standing with his hand on the back of the chair I was sat in.

"... As our first official slave," my son was saying to the rest of the group of boys "Melanie will hold pride of place."

Victor looked down at that point, he saw me looking up at him and smiled, weakly I smiled back then looked to the other boys. They were lounging in various chairs looking at Victor with only the occasional glance at me.

"Are you all right mother?" Vick asked quietly.

"Tired and a little sore, but otherwise I'm okay." I answered.

"Good." He nodded then went on in a commanding tone "In which case go get cleaned up, put on a suspender belt, stockings and high heals, also make-up. When you have done that return here."

"Yes Victor." I responded without hesitation.

As I rose from the chair and walked towards the door I knew my night had not yet come to an end. Paul opened the door for me to pass through, his lips curved in a knowing smile. Inside me I felt shame and humiliation as I climbed the stairs to obey my son's commands, a part of me could still not believe that I had been broken to the wills of 16 year old boys, yet I knew I was theirs totally! In the shower I took great care to clean away all traces of semen, I knew that they wanted me 'clean' for whatever was to come next. As I dried myself I looked at the time, it was almost one in the afternoon, in disbelief I paused in my movements; the boys had begun their breaking of me shortly after nine. Allowing for my brief rest after the event I had been raped and abused for nearly two hours, then for a further hour after my submission the boys had used me as their slave! No wonder I felt tired and sore. Turning my thoughts back to the present I hurriedly dressed as my son had commanded and made my way back to the 'clubroom'.

"Ah mother," Victor greeted me as I entered the room "you look ravishing."

The other boys echoed his comment as they eyed my almost naked body with unconcealed lust, confident in the knowledge that they would soon be enjoying my body again.

Victor indicated that I was to move to a point in front of him, as I moved to obey I noticed for the first time that their chairs seemed to form a horseshoe with Victor's seat at the centre of the two arms of the shoe. Reaching the point indicated I looked to my son for my next command, but knowing that this could now come from any of the boys.

"From now on" Victor smiled leaning forward in is chair "what you are wearing will be your uniform for meetings of this club. You will also refer to the members of this club as Master. Is that understood?"

"Yes Master." I responded immediately.

My response broadened the smiles, grins all the boys were wearing, and I saw a look of approval in my son's eyes. I knew that he would have instructions for my attire and conduct when he and I were alone, but they would come after the rest of the boys had gone. For now I waited for the first command to come, nor was it long in coming.

"Very well," my son said as he stood and undressed "let the fun begin gentlemen!"

From that moment I was obeying commands to fuck them, suck them, and masturbate for them and to beg them to do all these things and more to me. They spanked me until I fainted with pain and pleasure, they fucked my pussy, arse and mouth without end and only paused when I passed out from the excess of joy they were giving me. Finally, at around five in the afternoon the club's 'meeting' drew to a close, despite being exhausted I was commanded to suck off each boy as he departed. Only I was not to do this in the clubroom, instead I knelt at the open front door and used my mouth on each boy as he presented himself.

Then they were gone and I was alone with Victor, tenderly he helped me to my feet, supported me to my bathroom and helped me to first undress then shower my body clean of the dried and semi-dried fluids he and his friends had filled and covered me with. The last thing I remember was him sliding me into bed, tucking me in then heading for the shower to clean himself a little. Some time later I was vaguely aware of Victor sliding into bed beside me, of him enfolding me in is arms and whispering that he 'loved' me. The lights went out and with a tired, yet happy sigh I snuggled up to my son, my master, and fell into a deep sleep.
Chapter 4
Home - Top   Feedback to author


Home « Scorpio00155's Page « Dominated By My Son Index « Previous - Settings
Chapter 4: Another Mother Submits
Posted: March 02, 2001 - 12:00:00 am

When I awoke I felt gloriously happy, tired, but oh so happy. I know I should not have felt that way, I know that technically I was 'corrupting' minors, but those minors had taught me more in one day than I had learnt in my lifetime. Stirring sleepily I opened my eyes and turned my head towards the warm body beside me. It was no surprise to see that the body belonged to my son; he was half sat up in the bed looking down at me with a smile on his lips and a loving, but devilish twinkle in his eyes.

"Morning mum." He said softly as he reached out to stroke my hair.

"Mmm," I yawned "morning my darling boy."

He laughed then became calmly serious, it suddenly struck me that he might be having guilty second thoughts about the way he had dominated me then allowed his friends to do the same. Inside me I could still feel my own guilt at my surrender to them, but it only served to excite me and I began to dread that when my son spoke it would be to end the oh so fulfilling role I had been placed in. For what seemed an age Victor sat unspeaking, his eyes looking at me while his face bore a growing frown.

"Mother," he suddenly broke the silence "how do you feel about what has happened over the past few days?"

"Feel?" I repeated unsure of what his was asking "I feel shame and humiliation for letting my own son have sex with me, for letting you take control of me and for letting your friends do the same..."

His frown deepened as I spoke, he genuinely seemed concerned about the effect events were having on me and I felt my heart leap with love for him and his concerns.

"But" I continued, "I don't ever want to end what you and the other boys are doing to and with me! I have never felt so fulfilled, so satisfied, so gorgeously ecstatic in all my life. Victor darling, I have no explanation why I let you take me that first time, but I am so glad you did."

"Then you are happy to be my, or our, sexual plaything?" he grinned.

"Mind? Lord no, I love it, I can't get enough of it!" I laughed meaning every single word I'd said.

"In which case," Victor laughed as he threw off the bedcovers to reveal his rampant erection "assume the position my darling little whore!"

Without hesitation I lay back, parted my legs and held my arms up to receive him. Not five minutes later my blissful cries of ecstasy were ringing around the room as my son fucked me hard.

Some glorious time later we finally got out of bed and, after a sensuous shower together, dressed and went down to breakfast. I felt deliciously wicked as I went about the normal routine of making coffee and cooking breakfast in what was to become more or less my 'at home with Victor uniform'. This 'uniform' consisted of a sheer blouse, a short skirt, suspender belt, stockings and high heels, no bra and no panties, dressed thus my son could take me or touch me at any time it pleased him. So exciting was the mere thought of my accessibility to him that I had a minor climax as I sat to eat breakfast and Victor hadn't even touched me yet!

"Victor," I asked as we slowly ate our meal "why... what made you... ?"

I faltered, unable to ask one of many questions that had come to mind. But it was as though my son was reading my mind; he smiled across the table at me, and finished my question for me.

"Why did I chose you to be our first 'victim'?" he said, I nodded and he continued "I had considered you from the very beginning of the club idea, but it was catching you listening in on our formation night that settled it. You looked so flushed and excited by what you had heard that I knew you would be 'ripe' for the picking, so to speak."

"But how did the club come about?" I asked quietly.

"Ah, well you can blame that on the internet I guess." he grinned "though I personally think it's something you are born with, a need to dominate sexually that is. For others it's the need to be dominated, get the two kinds together and you have a good time. Which doesn't answer your question does it."

I shook my head in the negative, even though his comment had been a statement rather than a question.

"It grew from wild talk between ourselves after we got at the porn areas of the Internet, courtesy of dad's credit card. All of us got hooked on the D/S stories & some of the S&M ones too, a few of us, including myself liked the incest stories as well, particularly if they had elements of D/S or S&M in them. So we got to fantasising together about it, what we'd do to our victims, how we'd make them behave and the like until one day someone, Ray I think it was, said 'Hell, why don't we do it instead of talking about it?' It kind of rolled from there, the night you listened in was the night the Dominator club officially formed, 8 Doms and not a sub to share between us."

"Until me." I grinned.

"Until you," he laughed "and you are going to be 'it' until one of the others brings a new slave to us."

"But why don't you break a new one in?" I asked.

"Because" Victor laughed "membership to the club comes with a price, each member has to at least attempt to enslave his chosen victim, and only if they fail does the whole group do the job."

"You had me fight them to teach them how to break down a victims will to resist them!" I gasped in disbelief.

"Do you mind that I used you that way?" he frowned.

"I don't mind at all Victor," I laughed "it was one of the most amazing times of my life! So if I understand you correctly, each of the others must try to master a woman then bring her to the club to be mastered by all the members. If they fail we lure the victim here to be broken by the group en masse. Yes?"

"Spot on." He grinned.

"Well I hope one of them gets a move on," I grinned "much as I love what you are doing to me it's wearing me out, I certainly hope there's someone else to share your attentions soon!"

Victor laughed at my comment and then added to my tiredness by having me lie forward over the kitchen table while he took me in the arse.

A couple of weeks passed, during the course of which my son took me on a daily basis, in fact more than that, took me almost every hour or so, his sex drive was phenomenal! In between times the Dominator club took me three times a week, it was exhausting, but deliciously so and I knew that once the boys went back to school their 'meetings' would drop to once or at most twice a week. Yet even though I loved every blissful moment I began to pray that one of the other boys would bring in a new slave just so that I could get a few moments to recover.

My prayers were finally answered during the third week following my submission to my son. He and I were sitting in the living room, me on his lap with his cock up my pussy and his hands tightening the special clamps he had placed on my nipples, I was right on the point of climax when the damned phone rang! Without losing a stroke of his cock in my pussy Victor reached over and grabbed the phone with one hand while his other carried on tightening the nipple clamps.

"Hello." He said then paused "Oh hi Paul." Pause "Just servicing my slave." He said with a laugh while I tried to bite back a cry of orgasmic bliss unsuccessfully "Yes, she certainly is enjoying it. Anyway, you didn't call to listen to my mother getting her brains fucked out. What was it you wanted?"

I sat shaking and shuddering on my son's lap as he listened to Paul on the telephone, all the while his cock was sliding deliciously in my pussy and his hand tugged at the clamps on my nipples until I climaxed yet again.

"Yes of course," I heard Victor say through my orgasmic haze "come over now, both of you." Pause "Fine, I'll see you shortly then."

Victor hung up the phone then gave me his full attention by speeding up the pace of his fucking, which drove me to a frenzy. By the time he climaxed deep inside me I was flopping around like a rag doll from orgasmic overload. He let me sit still for a few moments after his climax had faded then gently lifted me off him and sat me down on the sofa beside him.

"We'll be having company in a little while," he grinned at me "you've got time to go and freshen up quickly, straighten up your clothes and fix your make-up."

As I hauled myself to my feet to do as he had said I wondered who Paul had been told to bring with him, then my thoughts turned to my own pleasure again as Victor's voice caught me just before I left the room.

"By the way," he grinned at me "leave the nipple clamps on."

Still high from my orgasms I made my way upstairs and freshened up as Vick had instructed, cleaning myself, putting on fresh make-up and getting my clothes into some sort of order took all of 15 minutes, to which another 5 minutes was added by the minor climaxes the nipple clamps kept giving me. Trembling with post and pre-climax excitement I rejoined Vick in the lounge 19 minutes later, he smiled at me as I entered, seeming to sense the effect the clamps were having on me. He had me stand in front of him for a few minutes, his eyes watching me as I rose to another peak, then he had me sit on the arm of the armchair he had sat himself in.

"When our guests arrive," Vick said "I want you to bring them in here then come and sit where you are now. Don't say anything until told to do so. Is that clear?"

"Yes Victor." I smiled.

"I think you are in for a surprise." He laughed "Don't show it though, act as though you were expecting it."

I was intrigued by his words, they seemed to imply that Paul was bringing a fresh slave to the club; only I couldn't understand why Victor had him come without the rest of the boys being there. As I puzzled on the situation the doorbell rang, I got up, answered the door, and barely managed to stifle my surprise when I saw that Paul had his mother with him. Leading them into the lounge I sat myself on the arms of Victor's chair and looked at Paul's mother, Helen, she was a small woman, almost petite, yet her body was well curved in proportion to her size. Although I knew her from school meetings and the odd coffee morning I didn't know Helen that well, but at that moment in time she seemed to me to be nervous about something. Paul sat in one of the other armchairs while his mother moved to stand beside the chair he was in and it suddenly came to me that I may no longer be the only slave for the Dominators to play with. This thought made my already excited body shiver with orgasmic delight, but I somehow managed to keep myself still and my face composed, though all I really wanted to do was to fall to the floor in a quivering heap!

"Paul?" was all Victor said.

Paul nodded and looked at his mother, he patted the arm of the chair indicating she should sit; I was not surprised when she did as he wanted and assumed a similar position to my own. Out of the corner of my eye I could see my son's face, though his expression gave nothing away I saw his eyes flicker appraisingly over Helen's body briefly then look to Paul.

"Vick," Paul said, as my son looked at him again "I would like to bring my mother to the club as our second slave."

"You have mastered her?" Victor asked as though Helen and I weren't in the room with them.

"Yes, I have." Paul replied with a broad grin "I followed your advise on how to proceed, only as it turns out I could just have taken her."

"Interesting." Victor commented raising one eyebrow "I don't see why you felt you needed to see me before bringing her along to the club though."

"Well it's the breaking in by the other club members," Paul sighed "I'm afraid mom will simply submit without any struggle at all."

"I see no problem with that." Victor smiled.

"But your mother..." Paul faltered, then his eyebrows rose as he went on "You commanded her to struggle so the rest of us could feel we had achieved her dominance ourselves?"

"Yes and no." Victor smiled "I told her to act as she would had I not dominated her. In a real sense you and the others did break her will to yours. But I don't think whether she struggles or not is your main concern, is it."

"No." Paul sighed, "As always you cut through the bull. My problem is that anyone, and I mean literally anyone with an ounce of forcefulness in them could dominate my mother."

"Ah." Victor responded then looked at Paul's mother "Helen, you explain this."

Helen blushed and looked at the floor, when she responded she spoke softly yet clearly.

"I've always been a sub," she said, "though Paul's father never knew this and until yesterday Paul didn't know it either. I've tried to resist it, I really have, but there are so many from the old days who know what I am and take me as it pleases them."

"If I understand you correctly," Victor interrupted "you were a sub in the D/s scene before you met your husband."

"Yes." Helen almost whispered.

"And" Victor continued "Doms from that time, and perhaps a few they have passed you on to have played D/s games with you since you married."

"Yes." Helen replied even more softly "Any man that is firm and demanding could have me and so many have."

Victor frowned and sat back in his chair with his eyes looking towards the ceiling. A strained sort of silence fell on the room as we all waited for Victor to speak, it was as though the whole world had stopped and was waiting on his reactions.

"Helen, you are a true sub and" Victor finally said looking at Helen "as I understand that you have to obey your master of the time."

"Well... yes." Helen replied with a puzzled tone to her voice.

"So if your primary master, Paul, were to command you not to obey men other than those he gives you permission to obey you would have to follow his command. Yes?"

"Yes!" Helen breathed as realisation of what my son's solution was hit her.

"Paul." Victor said looking at his friend.

Without hesitation Paul had his mother kneel in front of him then commanded that from that point on she was to obey the commands of only him and those he ordered her to obey. His voice was firm and dominant, but I could sense the suppressed glee he was feeling at having found such a simple solution to his dilemma. I was actually having to hide my own surprise at the maturity of thinking my 16 year old son had shown, it suddenly struck me that in all he had done so far Victor had shown a wisdom and maturity far beyond his years.

"Yes master!" Helen's eager voice cut across my thoughts.

Paul went on to name each member of the Dominators, starting with Victor that she was to obey.

"You will not take orders from anyone other than those I have named." Paul finished.

"Yes master!" Helen responded.

"Paul." Victor said softly "Don't forget your father."

"It wouldn't occur to him to give her orders." Paul grinned then added another instruction to his mother "You may have sex with father as normal."

"Now that is settled," Victor smiled "I suggest you take your mother home and get her ready for tonight's meeting."

"Tonight!" Helen gasped "Oh god!"

All of us were surprised when she collapsed to the floor shaking and gasping, there was very little doubt that her collapse had nothing to do with nerves and everything to do with her having a sudden and powerful climax. Being honest I knew just how she felt, but I managed to maintain my calm exterior while all the while my whole body was trembling like an over tightened guitar string! Paul was staring down at his trembling mother with surprise written all over his face, but my Victor showed no surprise just a knowing smile and an amused twinkle in his eyes.

"I take it the idea of coming tonight appeals to you Helen." Victor quipped as she slowly drew her still shaking body to its feet.

I had actually had to cover my mouth with a hand when I realised the double significance that Victor had put on the word 'coming', Helen was unable to conceal an almost girlish giggle when she caught on to the double meaning.

"It most certainly does." She finally responded.

"Mother," Victor said without turning to look at me "take Helen upstairs to freshen a little after her, ahem, 'flush'."

"Yes master." I replied even as I was crossing the room to assist Helen.

I can hear some of you wondering why I had switched from using my son's name to 'master', it was simply a matter of etiquette, we were not alone and our guests were a member of the Dominator club and his slave. None of this crossed my mind as I helped Helen steady herself then guided her up to my room where I showed her my bathroom and let her freshen up a little. I sat on my bed while Helen was in the bathroom and wondered if my son's order to me to take Helen upstairs was a ruse to allow him to instruct Paul on what to instruct his mother to do when they arrived that evening.

"That feels a little better." Helen said with a shy smile as she came out of the bathroom "I've never climaxed without anyone touching me before."

"It is an amazing experience." I agreed with a smile of my own.

"You've had it happen to you too?" Helen seemed surprised.

"Only this very morning, just being in Victor's presence seems to get me going." I laughed.

"Uh, Melanie," Helen said blushing again "how did... uh... how did Victor..."

I knew what she was asking, but for some reason she couldn't seem to get the question out. So I saved her further effort and told how I had submitted to my son and the rest f the boys.

"I am thankful that you are to become my sister slave," I finished "I've been getting worn out being the sole recipient of the attentions of my son and his seven horny friends."

Helen's laughter was light, almost like a birds merry trilling as she replied, "Now I'm here you'll only be half as worn out."

We laughed happily together, somehow I knew that we would become good friends and not simply because we had being sex slaves to our sons in common.

"Can I ask Helen," I said a few minutes later "how did you come to submit to Paul?"

"I think he was following a plan suggested by Victor," Helen smiled "it sounds similar to how he got to you, Victor that is. I'm not sure whereabouts we'd got to in the planed stages, I know I had started dressing and making-up for Paul, he'd even given me a few un-son like kisses, and that was where things went off the rails."

"What happened?" I asked burning with curiosity.

"Paul found out accidentally how easy I was." Helen grinned "It was yesterday morning, he seemed out of sorts and a bit snappish. I'm not sure what sparked it off, but he suddenly looked at me with a hard gaze and said he wanted me to 'strip and lie myself over the kitchen table, face down and with my legs spread', he said it so forcefully I just acted without even thinking. I guess it must have shocked the hell out him that I was so easy, but he didn't let that deter him, thankfully I'd got turned on by his forcefulness because he had his clothes off and was fucking me to a lather within ten seconds. God I loved the things he did to me!"

Helen paused in reminiscence, her lips curving into a sensuous smile as she remembered those things her son had done to her.

"Anyway," Helen laughed as she brought herself to the present "having dominated me accidentally Paul got the reason why I was so easy out of me. I don't think he was happy about me being open to any man with a forceful nature, I know he was trying to find a way to keep me as his slave without outsiders having me as theirs as well. He couldn't think of anything so he called Victor, the rest you know."

"That's our master calling." I smiled as I heard Victor calling me to come down with Helen

A few minutes later Paul and Helen had left for home and I finally got to fall to my knees shivering in orgasmic bliss! Victor laughed and waited until I had enough strength back in my legs to stand and follow him into the lounge.

"Paul and Helen will arrive about thirty minutes before the others tonight." He informed me as he flipped my skirt up, bent me over and had me grasp my ankles "Keep Helen out of sight until I call you to come into the clubroom." Briefly my son finger fucked my sopping pussy then thrust his full 9 inches into me to the hilt in one hard motion "Paul will explain the 'dress code' to his mother, she'll have to wing the rest."

Victor had to stop talking then because I had screeched into a massive climax that had me bouncing on his cock in frenzy.

That evening Paul and Helen arrived early and while my son went off to the clubroom with his friend I took Helen into the lounge. I was already 'dressed' for the evening in suspender belt, stockings and high heals, with my face made up tartishly.

"Let me take your coat." I said to Helen as we waited for the rest of the boys to arrive.

She smiled and took off her coat to reveal that she was dressed as I was, and she looked delectable in her outfit, so much so that the old nutshell of 'good things come in little packages' crossed my mind.

"Melanie," Helen commented as I turned back to her from hanging up the coat "you look absolutely gorgeous, I can understand why your son wanted you as the first slave."

"I was just thinking how delectable you looked." I laughed.

"I'll look even more so once I get the war paint on." She grinned.

It took only a few minutes in front a mirror for Helen to apply her make-up, and I instantly knew I was going to have to get her to teach me how she managed to get herself looking like an expensive whore and a sweet little virgin at one and the same time. We sat down side by side on a sofa and chatted, our conversation had nothing at all sexual about it, yet sitting there in our suspender belt, stockings and high heals while we talked was such an amazing turn on that I had a minor climax and by the shiver she gave I think Helen had one too. Then we both looked towards the partially closed lounge door as we heard the doorbell shortly followed by my son's voice greeting the rest of his friends, their voices fading as they moved along the hall towards the clubroom. We both sat in silence as we awaited the call that would start our evening of sexual bliss.

When Victor called to me to join them I took Helen's hand in mine and led her to the clubroom door. I knocked and waited for permission to enter before opening the door and stepping into the room, closely followed by Helen. As always all turned my way as I entered, but this time their eyes slid past me; six of those pairs of eyes widened in delighted surprise.

"Gentlemen," Victor announced as Helen and I walked the length of the room to stop and kneel facing his chair at the centre of the horseshoe of chairs "tonight we have a new slave for our pleasure. I think you all know Paul's mother Helen."

The rest of the boys nodded or voiced an indication that they did indeed know Helen and would be getting to know her even better very shortly.

"Helen," Victor turned his attention to her "do you submit your will to the group here as you have already submitted to Paul?"

Paul had obviously coached his mother well because her answer came without a moment's hesitation.

"Yes Master Victor," she responded "I submit myself to all those in this room and no others, as my primary master has commanded me to do."

"How will you prove your submission to us?" Victor asked almost ritualistically.

"By submitting my body to whatever acts you may wish to perform on me or have me perform." She answered instantly.
Chapter 5
Home - Top   Feedback to author


Home « Scorpio00155's Page « Dominated By My Son Index « Previous - Settings
Chapter 5: My First Slave Sister
Posted: March 02, 2001 - 12:00:00 am

Victor nodded at her reply then looked to the other boys, raising an eyebrow was all it took for Ray and Adam to move to Helen's side. Taking her arms they guided her to the end wall, the same wall I had been tied to when the boys had dominated me, turning Helen they backed her to the wall and raised her hands upwards. John and Ian stepped forward to tie Helen's hands to a pair of the rings, because of her small size Helen had to stand on tiptoe for them to get her tied to the rings by her wrists. Ian and Adam moved away from her while Ray and John pulled Helen's legs apart and tied them to a pair of lower rings, now all her weight was being born by her arms. The boys moved away from her and it was only then that I noticed Paul moving around the room with the video cam in his hands, a rush of excitement ran through me at the thought that Helen would later be able to watch what the Dominators had done to her on her first night as their slave.

Victor had me move over to Helen and stand a short distance from her side, I had no idea what they were going to do to Helen, but I already wished I was tied along side her to receive the same. I swear that the boys had not met to pre-plan the events of Helen's induction, yet they moved as though each of them knew his role in the proceedings. Victor held out a hand and Alan put a pair of nipple clamps in it, while Victor attached and tightened the clamps on Helen's nipples John let down a cord from a pulley in the ceiling, the cord had a clip on it and Victor attached the clip to a chain that ran between the clamps. Holding his hand palm upwards Victor signalled that the cord should be raised, just watching as Helen's nipples and boobs were stretched upwards had my pussy gushing and the breathe rasping in my chest, as for Helen she groaned then shook in climax as the cord was raised higher and higher. Turning his hand Victor signalled that John should tie off the cord at the point it had reached, moving closer to Helen Victor held out his hand again and I could not hold back a gasp of surprise when I saw Ian hand him a cat o' nine tails. Helen's eyes went wide as she saw Victor take the cat, but it was not fear I saw in her eyes it was sheer excitement, even before my son had moved to use the cat Helen was climaxing again.

"Oh God, yes master, yes!" she breathed as Victor ran the thongs over her skin.

With a flick of his wrist Victor snapped the cat's tails across Helen's stretched tits striking her just under the nipple clamps, she cried out in both pain and pleasure as light red lines appeared across her skin then began to fade again. Three more times Victor struck Helen across her boobs, on the last strike Helen screamed into an orgasm that almost ripped her nipples out of the clamps. My son paused to let Helen calm a little, then he struck again; this time he flicked the tails upwards under her body to let them hit the full length of her pussy. Not only did Helen scream into another orgasm I groaned as one washed over me.

When my pleasure haze faded I saw that my son had handed the cat to one of the others and one after the other the boys each struck Helen three times across the tits and once along the length of her pussy. By the time the last boy had finished Helen was shaking constantly in orgasm, tears of pain and exhilaration flowed down her cheeks while her voice filled the room. I had never in my wildest dreams imagined that watching a fellow female being whipped could excite me so much, but I was climaxing right along with Helen, something my son noticed with a wry smile. While the other boys released Helen from her bonds Victor signalled me to come to him, my heart started racing when I saw the cat in his hand.

"Stand with your back against the wall." He commanded me in a low voice.

I moved to obey, shivering as the wood panelling of the wall touched my back, I knew what was coming and I was almost climaxing in anticipation.

"Take hold of the rings and spread your legs wide." Victor ordered.

I did as instructed, stretching my legs as far apart as I could until I was holding myself up by my grasp of the rings above me. Smiling Victor ran the tails of the cat over my body raising goosebumps of excitement on my skin as they passed, I could feel myself trembling in anticipation of the moment he would flick the tails across my skin. Then his wrist seemed to give a lazy flick and the tails struck across my breasts in a band of pain that covered my nipples and the flesh above and below them. Even as I screamed in pain my body shot into an orgasm that had me shaking violently, my hands tightening on the rings I was gripping. The tails lashed across my breasts again sending my orgasmic bliss to an even higher plane as I cried out my pain/pleasure, a third time they struck across my boobs and I thought I could not get any higher in my ecstasy. Oh how wrong I was! My pussy exploded with sensations of pain and rapture as the tails lashed along the full length of it, hitting my outer and inner lips, touching on my clit and oozing hole and even flicking up under me to strike my anus and buttocks. Everything faded as pure sensations of joy ran through me, god alone knows how, but even in my almost hysteria driven orgasm I managed to keep my hold on the rings, though I hung from them almost limply.

Some minutes later I opened my eyes and looked at my son, he smiled and commanded me to let go of the rings and come to his side. Still trembling with climax aftershocks I did as ordered and it was only then that I noticed that while Victor had been satisfying me the other boys had been preparing Helen for her next pleasurable ordeal. I remembered the feeling of helplessness I had experienced when I had been in the position Helen was now in, strapped and suspended from the ceiling, her body swaying gently as she breathed. Unlike me Helen was fixed in a face down position, her hair hanging around her face as she waited for whatever was to come. Her son moved around her with the camera zooming in to get close shots of her face and her pussy as she dangled helplessly, then he moved back to her face and held it centre frame in a close zoom shot.

Once again it was Victor that was to commence this phase of events, someone had handed him what looked like a leather strap and with this in his hands he stepped between Helen's widespread legs. I saw Helen shiver as my son ran the strap over her buttocks and across her pussy, he took a step back, his hand raised then fell and the strap slashed across Helen's left buttock with a loud crack. Helen took a sobbing breathe in then let it out in a shriek of pain that made me wince, but even as her cry pierced the air her body erupted into an orgasm. Paul zooming in and out caught every expression of pain and bliss that crossed his mother's face, then, as she calmed a little from her climax, he moved back and zoomed out so that he could not only catch her face on the next stroke of the strap, but the strap moving to strike her quivering flesh. The crack of the strap striking her right buttock made me jump and Helen scream into another climax, I felt myself rising to join her in a climax as my son moved his hand a third time. This time the strap struck along Helen's pussy and her cry was almost deafening, I felt my senses fading as an orgasm rushed over me, but I could hear Helen's voice pleading for more. Victor stepped aside to let the next boy take his place, each boy used the strap on her three times in a rhythm of left cheek, right cheek, pussy that had Helen screaming and bouncing in her bonds as she climaxed over and over. In the end she fainted dead away with a final scream, her senses overwhelmed by the pleasure she was receiving from her torment.

Paul turned off the camera after taking a few minutes worth of his mother dangling lifeless in her bonds then looked to Victor with a wide grin. I could see that he looked proud of his mother taking all the punishment dished out and coming back for even more and I wondered if Victor had shown the same look of pride when I went through my first night, I'd been a little too busy at the time to notice. All the boys gathered together with me trailing a step behind my son, he checked on Helen then left her to recover in her own time. It was getting close to seven thirty in the evening, three hours had passed and all the boys had to head for home shortly after nine. It was a strange feeling being owned by a group of males that had home curfew hours and school to attend during the week, who were too young to go into pubs or even buy drink in shops, were too young to drive yet who could drive women wild with excitement, leastwise this woman and I suspected that Helen would agree with me 100 percent, once she woke up that is.

While we waited for Helen to recover I found myself back to being the centre of attention, though they teased me with hands, fingers and mouth I noted that none of them actually gave me what I really needed at that point, a good hard cock in any and every orifice of my body. Still they did damned well in the satisfaction stakes for all that, moments after they began touching my body I was either rising to climax, climaxing or easing out of climax to hit another almost immediately. I had reached the stage of begging for one of them to fuck me when Helen finally stirred in her bonds, she groaned then tried to move and only succeeded in setting herself swinging. Paul was already filming her gradual return to awareness and was ready with a fresh tape to capture forever what was to come next. I knew that seven of the boys would be fucking her every orifice non-stop either in pairs or singly until they either ran out of energy or out of time.

Helen's head raised and the first thing she saw were seven naked teenagers sporting erections, all of which were pointing at her. I saw her eyes gleaming and her tongue flick across her lips as she waited for the first of them to take her. Only it wouldn't be that simple, as I had discovered. The boys moved around her, reaching out they stroked her body front and back, giving the odd gentle smack to a buttock or boob, tugging at her nipples, probing and squeezing her pussy until Helen sobbed with enjoyment. Only then did the first of them move to pierce her body with his prick, it was no surprise to see my son stepping up take Helen for the first time, I knew that they would all follow in Victor's cock-print one after the other in a constant stream of stimulation. I watched as my son thrust into Helen's pussy in one hard motion, then he was fucking her hard and heavy, his groin grinding onto her pussy lips and crushing them between their bodies. And Helen loved it! She writhed and squirmed, shook and shuddered as she tried to swing her body in its bonds to add even more power to Victor's thrusts. In minutes she was climaxing yet again and my son really picked up the pace then, grabbing her thighs to hold her still for his thrusts, he fucked her brutally through orgasm after orgasm before finally grinding into her and shooting his seed deep into her body.

After a few more thrusts Victor moved away from Helen and let the next boy take his place, as Helen started to writhe and groan again my son come to stand by my side.

"You'll have to be patient mother," he said softly while grinning "it's Helen's night tonight."

"I know," I whispered back "but god do I need a cock in my pussy!"

"A good slave waits until her master wishes to fuck her." He replied in a firm tone.

"I'm sorry master." I said quickly as I realised I'd taken a liberty in speaking so.

Eventually all the boys had fucked Helen in the pussy and Victor moved back to her to take her again, this time in the mouth. I knew how large my son's cock was and had managed to deep-throat him, but I could see no way for the petite Helen to do the same to my son, or indeed to even the smallest of the other boys. Smiling as the excitement started to rise in me again I watched Victor present his cock to Helen's mouth, she smiled as he came closer to her then her eyes widened when she realised the sheer size of him. Opening her mouth she licked his cock from tip to base covering every part of it with her saliva, then she took the head of his cock n her mouth and sucked it for a few moments. My jaw dropped when Helen suddenly pushed her head down and took every inch of my son's cock into her mouth and throat in one go. I heard her gurgle happily around his erection as he began to fuck her mouth, using it as he had already used her pussy and she moved with him almost doubling the power of his thrusts by her own answering thrusts of her head! After an age I saw Victor thrust into her mouth, take hold of the back of her head and hold it tight to his groin. Helen gave a muffled groan as her body started to shake in climax yet again, then I saw her throat muscles moving furiously and I knew that my son was shooting his load into Helen.

She was given no time at all to recover, nor did she seem to want to pause, no sooner had my son moved away from her than Len took his place. Paul hovered around the action videoing the whole thing from every angle and using zooms to get all the detail of the violation of his mother's mouth, just as he'd got every glorious moment of her pussy being fucked. Out of the corner of my eye I saw Victor speaking with Ian who grinned and nodded in reply. Eventually I found out what Victor had told Ian to do, he was the last to take Helen in the mouth and as he felt his climax hitting him Ian pulled his already spurting cock from her mouth and shot his juices over her face. To his side I could see Paul beaming as he caught every drop of white semen hitting his mother's face.

Then I noticed my son again, he was covering his cock with a lubricant and I knew just where Helen was going to get fucked next! A few moments later Helen was as wise as I was, as she felt my son pushing his cock at her anus she gave a sobbing gasp and climaxed again. Her climax must have tightened her anus because Victor paused a moment until Helen began to descend from the heights of pleasure, and then he was pushing at her again. At first it seemed his large size and her small size would make it impossible for him to enter her arse, but he persisted and finally succeeded. It was as though her anus had suddenly given up the struggle because he went into her so hard and fast that I clearly heard the slap of their bodies meeting. Helen gave a hoarse cry then bucked into an orgasm that almost made her faint again, and she stayed at that orgasmic peak all the while my son took her in the arse! There were moments when I was sure Victor was fucking an unconscious woman, but then she would writhe, buck, and cry out again, although her cries were becoming weaker and weaker. Then, at long last, Victor pushed in hard and stayed motionless, I heard him give a low moan of pleasure as he filled Helen's back passage with his juices. After a few more thrusts my son moved away from the fast tiring woman and let the next boy take his place.

"We'll just get through this round before the lads will need to get moving towards home." Victor sighed as he came to stand at my side.

"I guess the gang-bang will just have to wait until next time then." I grinned.

"Yeah," he laughed swatting me on the backside with his hand "and perhaps we'll make it a double bang. How does that sound my little whore?"

"Delicious Master!" I responded with a grin.

As Victor had predicted time ran out, the last of them fucked her in the arse then they lowered her shuddering body to the ground, released her from her bonds and rushed to get their clothes on to get going to their homes. Soon only Victor and Paul remained, Paul put the camera away and Victor instructed me to help Helen to clean up then to join he and Paul in the lounge.

Helen certainly needed my help, her legs just wouldn't support her and I could feel her body still shaking as I almost carried her upstairs to my bathroom. In the shower I had to both hold her up and clean her body, it was surprisingly sensuous to wash her boobs and pussy, to pass my soapy hands over her whole body and even to push soapy fingers into her pussy to clean her out, which made Helen groan and climax yet again. Even drying her body was exciting and I wondered for the first time what it would be like to make it with a woman. Cleaned, dried and slightly stronger Helen let me help her downstairs to join our sons, both boys smiled as we enter the room, Victor had prepared drinks for us and the way Helen quaffed hers in one go told me she had really needed it.

For a while there was a relaxed silence, but even in this relaxed atmosphere I felt excitement starting to mount in me again as I anticipated what Victor would do with and to me when we were at last alone. Beside me on the sofa Helen gave a sigh that drew my eyes to her, I was still amazed at the amount of punishment this small woman had taken and still kept on begging for more! She saw me looking at her and smiled at me, I smiled back then turned my attention back to the two boys sitting opposite us in their armchairs.

"So," Victor smiled at Helen "did you enjoy your induction?"

"Lord yes!" Helen laughed, "I can't believe that a group of teenagers could satisfy me so fully. None of the supposed mature Doms in my past could ever make me feel the way I do you with you boys! Though I don't think I could take many sessions like to today's."

"Mum," Paul laughed, "you are amazing!"

"I'll second that!" I added.

"Well you may be relieved to know that" Victor laughed "you won't have that level of attention to contend with... often."

His little addition made us all laugh.

"Anyway," Paul grinned at his mother "you aren't done for tonight."

"Oh dear," Helen sighed with a broad smile "oh well, how do you want me Master?"

"I want you just as the others had you." Paul responded standing up.

"Time to return to the clubroom." Victor laughed rising to his feet.

Helen stood up with a surprised yet eager look on her face, I rose to my feet as well, excited at the prospect of watching Paul take his mother yet disappointed that I would have to wait for my son to fuck me. I really should have known better. With Helen and myself in the lead we made our way back to the clubroom where Paul took Helen to the rear wall, I lost track of Victor for a few moments as I moved to stand near Paul and Helen. I jumped in surprise when Victor came up behind me and stroked my backside, he moved to Helen and together the two boys tied her to the rings just as she had been earlier. Next came the nipple clamps, once again I felt excited by the sight if Helen's boobs and nipples being stretched upwards as Victor pulled the cords upwards. When her boobs were stretched to the same point as earlier Paul looked at his mother's face, raised his hand and turned it palm upwards. His mother's eyes went wide with surprise, excitement and pain as my son pulled the cords even higher in slow stages, Paul kept his palm upwards until his mother suddenly let out a groaning cry. I could barely believe what I was seeing, Helen must have been in agony and her cry certainly indicated pain, but at the same time she was juddering in orgasm! Paul turned his palm down and my son tied off the cords in that position, I was expecting Victor to give the cat o' nine tails to Paul and for Paul to whip his mother's tits, but I was in for a major surprise.

"Assume the position." Victor suddenly commanded me.

A thrill of fear and exhilaration ran through me as I moved to obey his command, the wall felt cool against my back as I leant against it and held my hands up so they could be tied to the rings. Victor did indeed tie my hands to rings, but a set higher than the ones I could comfortably reach, I found myself on tiptoe just as Helen had been. I knew what was to come next and spread my legs apart as wide as I could, most of my weight going onto my wrists as I tottered on my toes. Then all my weight was on my tied wrists as Paul and Victor spread my legs even wider and tied them in place to another set of rings. My position now almost echoed that of Helen's, all I was missing were the nipple clamps and the cords to stretch my boobs.

I gasped in surprised excitement when Victor produced another set of clamps, my gasp became a groan when he fixed the clamps to my boobs and tightened them down hard. I blinked back tears of pain then stared wide eyed as a second set of cords dropped from the ceiling, Victor attached them to the chain on my clamps and raised his hand, palm upwards, with his eyes fixed on my face. In moments my boobs were being stretched, I could feel my nipples elongating as they were pulled upwards by the clamps. The pain grew and grew the more my boobs were stretched, but at the same time I felt waves of pleasure run through me. When Helen had climaxed through her agony I had stared at her in disbelief and here I was rushing to a climax for exactly the same reason! Then my climax hit and I thought the shaking of my body would tear my nipples off! My cries of pained joy rang around the room to join Helen's as she climaxed again.

At last my body began to calm a little, I managed to focus my eyes and through my tears looked at my son, once again my eyes flew wide in surprise when I saw the cat in his hands. I glanced across at Paul only to see him holding an identical cat o' nine tails, my eyes flicked back to my son as I felt the tails being run over my skin, sending me into another climax. When I could focus again I saw Victor looking at me, he raised his hand and I trembled in anticipation of being lashed. His wrist seemed to just flick and a band of pain ran across my chest covering my boobs from the clamps to my ribs, I screamed with mixed pain and pleasure. I was vaguely aware of Helen screaming beside me, but my senses were too centred on the sensations I was receiving to make more than a vague note of her cries. A climax ran through me and I was in mid-orgasm when the sting of the tails burst on my tits again pushing me to an even higher peak. It felt as though I was having an orgasm while still climaxing and when the pain of the tails striking again ran through me I thought I was going to die with the bliss of the new level my orgasm shot to!

Goodness knows how long I hung there shaking and crying out, but gradually my senses returned, only to have them fade again when I felt the sting of the tails hitting my boobs again. In all Victor lashed my boobs nine times, dimly I heard Helen echoing my screams. Once again I began to come down from the heights of bliss, raising my head, which I hadn't even realised I'd let drop; I looked at my son through tear blurred eyes. Barely had it registered with me that his hand had moved to a different position than I felt my pussy explode with agony and ecstasy as the cat tails struck the full length of my wide open slit! Sobbing, panting and screaming I erupted into an orgasm that had me hovering on the edge of a faint, god how my son knew me, precisely as the peak of the orgasm began to fade and I started to come back to my senses I felt the stinging pain of the cat tails strike my pussy again. Yet again I surged into orgasmic excess, this time I think I crossed the brink because everything seemed to fade out for a moment. Barely had I started down from that high when I shot upwards again as my son whipped my pussy for a third time. This time I know I fainted because when my senses returned somewhat I found myself dangling limply in my bonds.

A short while later I felt the pressure on one of my ankles ease closely followed by the other being freed, not that it made a lot of difference, my legs were trembling so much that they would not support me. My breasts, nipples and pussy burned with the afterglow of being whipped and that burning sensation started to push me back up the slopes of pleasure again. As though from a distance I could hear myself sobbing and weeping, it was a double sound as though it were being echoed back at me which puzzled my befuddle mind until I realise my sounds were being echoed by Helen. I became aware of the pressure on my nipples easing and it got through to me that the clamps were being undone, then my nipples were free and I groaned as my boobs dropped back into place. The next thing I was aware of was one of my wrists being freed; it fell from the ring and landed on a shoulder. Opening my eyes I hazily saw my son reaching up to release my other wrist, when it was freed I almost sagged to the ground, had it not been for Victor literally holding me up I would have collapsed.

Gradually some of my strength returned and I raised my head enough to look across to Helen, she was also freed and her son was supporting her as he guided her across the room. I realised that Victor was also guiding, more carrying me, in the same direction, I saw Paul lie his mother down on the floor on her back. Then I felt myself being lowered near her, I was glad to lie down, it allowed me to enjoy the thrills of excitement that were running through my body almost continually without having to worry about falling down. Closing my eyes I let myself drift with the waves of pleasure that rose and fell within me, even when I felt my wrists and upper arms enclosed in a cool strap I didn't open my eyes. Strong hands rolled me over and I felt the coolness of a strap, under my tits and one just below my waist, then I felt straps tighten around my thighs and ankles. Suddenly it sank into me what was happening, with a strained cry I opened my eyes as I felt myself rise into the air, the straps pressing tightly on my skin as they bore my full weight. The thigh and ankle straps not only rose upwards they pulled sideways and I eventually found myself dangling at waist height with my pussy and arse fully exposed between my widespread legs. Moving my head weakly I saw Helen in the same position beside me.

Something slid across my back, over my buttocks and across my pussy, remembering what had happened to Helen earlier I knew that my son was running the strap or one like it over my body prior to beating me with it. Shivering with nervous anticipation I steeled myself for the first blow, even prepared for it I did not expect to feel such pained bliss when that strap slashed across my left buttock then across my right one and when it crashed along my slit I screeched in agony and ecstasy before fainting dead away.

With a groan I came back to my senses, my whole body on fire with painful rapture that would have sent me into another orgasm by itself, but it was assisted by the strap running through it's cycle of left cheek, right cheek, pussy for a second time. This time when I returned t my senses I was still climaxing, my whole body jerking and bouncing in it's restraints. For a third time I screamed into an orgasmic faint as my pussy exploded from the slap of the strap hitting it. On this occasion I came round to feel hands running over my body, massaging my pained and burning flesh which eased the pain but increased my pleasure even more. Weakly I turned my head and my eyes met Helen's, her face was tear streaked as I knew my own must be, her eyes red from crying and sobs still escaped her lips as they did my own, yet she looked as ecstatic as I felt. For a brief moment I wondered if my own joy showed through as clearly to her as hers did to me.

Suddenly I saw her eyes go wide then half close as she gave a groan of sheer delight, I saw her sway forward then back, forward then back in a slow rhythm. For a moment I was at a loss as to what was causing her to swing and show such pleasure, but I soon found out when I felt my son's cock surge into my pussy. Soon I was swinging and glowing with pleasure as my son fucked me hard, then his hands grasped my waist holding me still to receive the full force of his strokes and I shot into an orgasm mere moments later, my head thrashing as I cried out my sheer joy. Mid-climax I felt Victor push deep into me, his cock seemed to swell then jerk and the sudden rush of heat as he filled me with his seed pushed me over the edge into a faint.

Coming to the first thing I saw was a semi-erect cock, I knew what my son wanted and opened my mouth to take him into me. He pushed in without pausing, his cock first digging at, and then sinking into my throat while I did my best to suck and lick at his flesh. With my lips pressed to his groin my son paused, in my mouth and throat I could feel his prick swelling up to full erection and once this was achieved Victor began moving in my mouth, fucking it as though it were my pussy. On and on he pounded, the whole situation exciting me to the point of climax yet again and I gurgled my orgasmic joy around his hard cock I felt it swell and a hot stream of juices shoot deep into my throat. Even after his climax had passed Victor kept his cock in my mouth, sliding it forcefully in and out, to my amazement he barely softened and after a few more minutes he pulled his cock out of my mouth.

He moved out of my range of vision and a moment later I felt his body brush my lewdly spread thighs, then his cock was pressing at my anus, it felt slick so I knew that somehow he had lubricated his hard rod. I felt him push at my anus and suddenly he was in me to the hilt, I screamed at the pain of his entry then screamed with pleasure as he began to fuck my arse with hard strokes that slapped our bodies together. Almost immediately I was in climax, my whole body bucking and shaking as I filled the room with my orgasmic cries, cries that I heard Helen voicing too. He seemed to go on forever and I felt my senses being driven from my by the power of the ecstatic sensations running though me, I hovered on the edge of consciousness until my son pushed deep into me again and the heat of his flowing juices filled my back passage. With a shriek I hit a new height of pleasure and fainted away.

This time when I came to it was to the feel of cool sheets on and under me, my body felt as though it had been cleaned, but I still felt the faint burning of the areas that had been whipped. Opening my eyes I saw I was in bed, just then Victor walked into the room, he came over to me with a smile on his lips. Joining me in the bed he took one of my hands in his and reached out to stroke my cheek with the other.

"Are you alright mother?" he asked in a low voice.

"I feel so satisfied I could sleep for a week." I smiled up at him "I loved every moment of it and I can't believe that I did, the thought of pain has never appealed to me before now."

He laughed, leant forward and kissed me tenderly on the lips.

"Sleep now mother," he smiled "you deserve it."

"Have I been a good whore and slave?" I asked sleepily.

"The best of whores," he replied softly as I drifted off to sleep "and the best of little slaves."

I woke very late the next day, though that was hardly surprising. What did surprise me was that I did not feel as sore as I had expected I would, even more surprising was that I could find no marks on my boobs or pussy, I almost thought it had all been a dream. Yet I knew it had been no dream, a dream couldn't have been so delicious! After a warm, slow shower I dressed in blouse, skirt, stockings and high heels, made up my face and went downstairs to the kitchen. Victor was already there, he smiled as I entered and held out a mug of coffee to me, which I took gratefully.

"So how's my favourite whore this morning?" he asked with a grin.

"I feel great," I grinned back "last night was incredible!"

"It was rather fun." he laughed, "Helen is a surprising woman... and so are you come to that."

"I am a bit puzzled though Victor," I said "you whipped me with that cat o' nine tails, I saw you do it, I felt you do it! Yet this morning I can't find any cuts, bruises or marks."

"That's easy," he laughed "the cats I got for the club are special ones, they are made of a softish material that stings almost like a real leather tail would but doesn't damage the skin. Mind you Helen wants us to use a real leather cat on her at some point, she says she'll even provide the cat. Can you believe that?"

"After what I saw of Helen last night I could well believe it." I laughed.

We fell silent as I drank my coffee and he sipped at some orange juice. It was a strange feeling sitting there like a normal mother and son yet knowing that he was my master, that he could order me to do anything and I would do it. Even the way I was dressed was to his orders, mind you it felt so sensual to be without bra or panties and so exciting knowing I was subject to sexual assault at any moment.

"Would you like to try it?" he asked suddenly cutting across my thoughts.

"Pardon?" I replied totally puzzled.

"What we were talking about earlier; being whipped with a real cat." He said softly.

As soon as he explained I felt my pussy gush with juices, I could not believe that the idea of being whipped till I bled could turn me on so. I almost wished that he would produce a real cat and do it to me right there over the kitchen table.

"I can see the answer is yes." Victor grinned looking at my chest.

Looking down I saw my nipples pushing at the material of the blouse; they displayed my arousal for the entire world to see. Raising my eyes I looked at Victor and grinned, he laughed then pointed to my blouse, there was no need for him to speak, I knew he wanted me to take my blouse off. As I dropped the blouse to the floor a few moments later he pointed at my skirt, rising I took it off then stood waiting for his pleasure.
Chapter 6
Home - Top   Feedback to author


Home « Scorpio00155's Page « Dominated By My Son Index « Previous - Settings
Chapter 6: A Reluctant Mother?
Posted: March 02, 2001 - 12:00:00 am

Time passed blissfully; with Helen as a partner in slavery the boys didn't wear me out quite so much, not that this did me much good. Being less tired from the attentions of the club my son took me with even greater frequency. And I loved every blessed moment of it, as did Helen! In the periods when the boys as a group or our sons weren't using us individually Helen and I would get together and chat, our conversations spanning normal everyday things and the delightful things our sons were doing to us.

The school holidays were drawing to a close and with only a couple of weeks left before school was to start Adam came to see my son. Adam seemed a little agitated when I let him in and while we waited for Victor to join us in the lounge he fidgeted and paced. When Victor appeared Adam looked almost relieved, as though my son had the answer to all his problems.

"What's up Adam?" Victor asked as he sat in an armchair and had me sit on the arm of the chair.

"I think I've blown it." Adam sighed.

"Care to explain that." My son frowned.

"Yeah, well I always fancied my mum," Adam replied "so I've been trying the slow seduction thing with her. I thought I was really getting somewhere too, we've been kissing and cuddling loads, I've even copped a feel of her tits more than a few times. Then today I went a bit further, I slid my hand up her skirt and stroked her pussy, she let me do it too, for a while, then she pushed me away, slapped my face and stormed off! When I left she was going through the lists of psychiatrists in the yellow pages."

"Hmmm." Victor mused, "You say she let you stroke her pussy?"

"Yes, she let me do it for five or so minutes, then 'wham'." the boy replied.

If I had permission to talk I could have told Adam what the problem was, his mother wanted to do the deed with him, only her shame at being willing to do it made her snap at him. I knew just the sort of inner turmoil she was going through, only her shame or her will was stronger than mine had been, either that or my son had a greater power of 'persuasion', and I tended to think the latter. Wishing Victor would look my way I bit my tongue and waited.

"I wonder who she wants the shrink for?" Victor mused "You or herself?"

"Eh?" Adam responded brightly.

"Your mother" my son went on patiently "may be feeling guilty about letting you do the things you have been doing. It may have dawned on her today where things may lead if she let you go on playing with her pussy. I'd even be willing to bet she'd had a minor climax from your stroking when she panicked and slapped you."

"You might be right Victor," Adam sighed "but what do I do now?"

"You really want your mother as your slave?" Victor asked.

"God yes." Adam breathed.

"Then we do the same as we did with my mother," Victor smiled "the group breaks her will, but only you will fuck her during the process."

"You think it will work?" Adam asked.

"Mother?" Victor finally asked my opinion.

"I'm sure of it." I smiled remembering my own experience.

"So how do I get her over here for this?" Adam asked.

I looked at Victor; he nodded at me to go on.

"That is the easy part," I said "I'll ask her to join Helen and myself here for a coffee afternoon, she won't expect us to be luring her into anything at all."

"That's settled then," Victor said firmly "we do it tomorrow afternoon. Mother you set it up with Adam's mother to be here tomorrow about midday, I'll organise the rest of the club."

Before Adam left I made the call to his mother, I must admit to feeling guilty about setting her up as I was, but I also had the feeling that at the end of the day she would thank Helen and myself for drawing her into a trap. As soon as I put the phone down Victor was calling the rest of the club and making arrangements for them to be at the house by eleven the next day, he left calling Paul until last and when he had told Paul the plan he had me speak to Helen to let us co-ordinate our Trojan horse ploy. When he left Adam was looking a lot happier than when he'd arrived.

After Adam had left my son sat down with me and went through what Helen and I were to do to lure Jane into the clubroom. He even suggested that we draw Jane out somehow on what she had let her son do to her and how she'd felt about it. For my part I agreed to my role, though I did not tell my son about my feeling of guilt about setting Jane up for her rape.

The next day came quickly, shortly before eleven I went upstairs to shower and change into my club 'uniform' of suspenders, stocking and high heels. Applying my make-up I looked into my eyes in the mirror and saw excitement there, it brought home to me how much my life had changed in such a short space of time. Was that change normal? Probably not, but it had left me fulfilled in ways I had never even imagined, perhaps I was like Helen, a natural submissive, but whatever the reason I loved the way my life was now. Smiling at my reflection I completed my dressing by putting on a wrap over dress; all that held it closed was a fabric belt.

"You look gorgeous." Victor greeted me as I returned to the lounge

"Thank you." I laughed giving a little curtsey.

"All ready for the betrayal?" he asked turning serious as though a switch had been flicked.

"Yes Victor." I replied.

He nodded then looked towards the lounge door as the doorbell rang, when I got to the door it was to find Paul, his mother who was dressed the same as myself in a wrap-over dress, Ian and Adam there. I showed them through to the lounge and had barely got them settled when the doorbell went again. Over the next five minutes all the boys arrived and once they were all assembled Victor ran through the plan one last time. Shortly before midday the boys went to the clubroom leaving Helen and myself to wait for Adam's mother to arrive.

"I suddenly feel nervous." Helen commented, "I'm so worried that I might let the boys down somehow."

"I know what you mean." I smiled "It won't be long now though."

With my words the doorbell went again, this time I led Adam's mother into the lounge, while I made the coffee Helen and Jane chatted. A few minutes later I rejoined them and joined in the general conversation waiting for the opportunity to sound Jane out about what had happened with Adam. This part had worried me, but my son had calmly stated that the best method to set the ball rolling would be a direct one, though it would need to be done in connection with some comment Jane made. But it seemed that sex was the one subject Jane was going to avoid and I was wracking my brains as to how I might steer the conversation in that direction when Jane gave me the opening I had been waiting for.

"I wish I still had a man around the house." she sighed suddenly.

"Any particular reason?" I asked quickly.

Jane blushed and looked at the floor, and then she took a deep breath and looked up at Helen and myself.

"Can I trust you?" she asked quietly.

"Of course." I replied crossing mental fingers.

"That goes for me too." Helen said.

Jane hesitated then spoke quickly as though trying to get the words out before she lost her nerve.

"I'm having a problem with Adam." she said "A sexual one. I know he's a hormonal teenager, hell I can remember how horny I was at his age only... only he's been coming on to me and, god help me, I've been responding to him. Yesterday he touched my vagina through my panties and I felt so excited, he gave me a climax, only a small one, but it frightened me and I panicked. I pushed him away and slapped him and he hasn't been near me since then."

She hung her head and I could swear I saw a tear in the corner of her eye. We were quiet for a moment then Helen broke the silence.

"What made you panic?" she asked.

"The realisation that" Jane sighed "I was about to let my son have sex with me. I know you'll think badly of me, but I was about to ask him to make love to me when I lost my nerve."

"There's an 'and' there." I said.

Jane looked at the floor again and spoke quietly.

"And" she said, "I wish I had not lost my nerve. I wish I could turn back the clock and let Adam have me."

Helen looked at me and grinned, I returned her grin briefly then set my face back into a serious expression. We let Jane stew for a few minutes before starting the process that would end in her joining us as a slave to the group of teenagers and her son.

"Are you sure you'd take a second chance if it came?" I asked.

"I think so," Jane sighed without looking up "but I'd probably lose my nerve again if the chance came along. I'm sorry if I shock you, but I just had to talk to someone about this."

"We understand." I replied looking at Helen and nodding "I've got something to show you, follow me."

I got up and headed for the lounge door with Helen a step behind me, at first I thought Jane would remain where she was, but as I reached he door she stood up and followed us. Helen and I were loosening the belts of our dresses even before we got to the clubroom door; Jane was still looking at the floor almost despondently so she didn't notice our dresses slipping open. On reaching the clubroom I opened the door and bade Jane to proceed ahead of us, she went in with us right on her heels, she'd taken five steps into the room when she realised that someone else was in the room. Her head jerked up and she saw my son in his central chair flanked by the rest of the boys, I heard her take a sharp intake of breath when she saw Adam sitting there.

"Melanie," Jane gasped turning to me "what's going on?"

Her jaw literally dropped and her eyes went wide when Helen and I let our dresses drop to the floor to reveal our all but naked bodies.

"It's your second chance." I said as I turned and locked the door.

"Please..." she breathed as her eyes flew around the room "what's happening? What are you doing? Why are you dressed like... ? Adam why are you here?"

In that moment I got an insight into the sense of power my son and his friends got from having Helen and I as their slaves. I could sense the fear rising in Jane, at the same time I could sense her excitement rising and it made me feel exhilarated!

"Adam." Victor's voice cut across the silence that had fallen.

Adam looked at my son, nodded and rose to his feet; looking at his mother he took a step closer to her before speaking.

"Mum," he said in a firm voice "I want you as my slave. I want your body and I mean to have it. Submit to me now or..."

He left the threat unspoken, but his hand swept around to indicate the other boys, Jane went white and backed towards the door.

"Adam no!" she gasped "I'm your mother, it's not right!"

Jane backed into me and turned with a pleading look in her eyes, a look that turned to shock when Jane and I took hold of her arms and pushed her back towards her son. Shaking her head and moaning 'no' over and over again, tears streaming down her face Jane barely struggled against Helen and myself as we forced her to within a foot of Adam and turned her to face him.

"God Adam," she cried out "stop this madness... Please Adam, please!"

"Mother," Adam responded to her plea "either submit or my friends will help me to take you. Your choice."

"Oh god!" Jane groaned hanging her head "Why Adam? Why?"

I could feel her trembling in my grasp, it could have been out of fear, and in part I'm sure it was, but I had the impression that there was a growing excitement there as well. Despite all her tears and pleas I suddenly had the feeling that Jane was going to submit to her son and thereafter to the group, in fact I was growing certain of it! I looked at Helen and could see that she was gaining the same feeling I had. I looked at my son, he was watching Jane closely, and looking at me he nodded and signalled that we should release our hold on her arms. Helen and I let go of Jane then took a step back from her, we watched as she sank to her knees in front of Adam, her head bowed as she shook with sobs.

"Because I love you mother," Adam finally answered her question "because I want you to be mine, to satisfy you by dominating you."

"What do I have to do?" I heard Jane almost whisper after a long silence.

Adam looked surprised, he looked to my son who indicated that he should answer his mother's question.

"All you have to do is to obey me without question" Adam said "and to obey my friends here in the same way."

"I... I... oh God!" Jane cried.

"Decide mother!" Adam said sharply.

"What must I do?" Jane sobbed, "Tell me what I must do."

"Does that mean you submit to me?" he asked not quite hiding his surprise.

"Yes." Jane whispered in reply.

"In that case look at me." Adam commanded.

His mother turned her tear streaked face up to his, whatever my son saw in her eyes must have satisfied him because he nodded then looked at me and signalled me to come to his side. I obeyed his signal as Helen obeyed the signal from her son, standing beside Victor I watched the events unfold with growing excitement.

"Will you obey me without question?" Adam asked his mother.

"I will." she sobbed quietly.

"Louder." Adam commanded.

"I will obey you without question." Jane said more firmly.

"Then take off your clothes." Adam commanded.

Jane hesitated for a moment then rose to her feet and started to undress, her hands moved slowly and clumsily as she removed her clothing and her face held an expression of fear, shame and excitement. Jane had got down to her undergarments to reveal that she was wearing self-grip stockings, Adam grinned at this and told her to keep them on, then he told her that in future her 'uniform' at the club would be the same as Helen and I were wearing. She looked at us for a moment then nodded her understanding.

"You obey commands by speaking aloud." Adam said.

"Yes Adam." she responded.

Adam looked at his mother with hungry eyes then began to undress, Jane's eyes widened as he stripped and her tongue ran across her lips. Naked Adam ordered his mother to kneel in front of him.

"Suck me off." He ordered.

"I've never..." Jane gasped then ended "Yes Adam."

I watched with swelling excitement as Jane leant forward and licked her son's cock then took it into her mouth; slowly she slid down on his erection then pulled back. For a while Adam was content to let her suck on him at her own pace, the sheer act of her taking him in her mouth pleasing him, but I knew he would want more, he would want his mother to do what Helen and I did, deep throat him.

"Put your hands behind your back and keep them there until I tell you otherwise." Adam commanded.

Jane obeyed, though I am sure she had no idea what was coming next. Adam took hold of her head and held it firmly, and then he began to push his cock deeper into his mother's mouth. I heard Jane gag when his knob touched the back of her throat, then her eyes flew wide as Adam kept pushing his cock into her, I could hear her choking gurgle as her son forced his cock into her throat. To be honest I had expected her to move her hands at this point to push her son back, but surprisingly she didn't, instead she let her son carry on pushing into her. Sensing that his mother was not resisting at all Adam stopped pushing and released his hold on her head.

"You take the rest." He ordered.

My heart gave a flutter of excitement when Jane did exactly as he'd ordered, slowly she pushed her head down on him taking more and more of his hard flesh into her throat until at last her lips came to rest against his groin. Adam told her to fuck his cock with her mouth and throat until he came then to swallow his seed, all of it! Not only did Jane obey him it became very clear after a while that she was enjoying what she was doing to her son! Needless to say Adam was loving his mother's attentions, the look on his face was one of pure bliss and I knew that his excitement at having his mother submit so easily plus her ever faster motions would have him coming sooner than usual. About five minutes later Adam groaned, putting a hand to the back of his mother's head and pulled her tight to him, as his cock pushed full length into her Jane groaned as well, her hands clenching as she gripped them behind her back. Adam's hips started to jerk sending a clear signal that he was shooting his juices into his mother's throat; his groaning growing louder only confirmed this. From where I stood beside my son I could see Jane swallowing and could hear her voicing the pleasure she was getting in low moans that counter pointed her son's groans, there was even a visible trembling of her body that could only have been a climax. Seeing Jane climax brought on a minor orgasm of my own and a low moan to my right told me that Helen was hitting a peak as well!

"Stop." Adam commanded his mother after a few more minutes.

Jane stopped, though she seemed reluctant to do so, with her faced flushed and her breathing fast and heavy Jane released her son's cock, sat back on her heels and looked up at him expectantly. My attention was drawn away from Adam and Jane by motion on either side of me, I was not surprised to see the other boys removing their clothes then sitting back down. The only one not to undress was my son, he looked up at my puzzled face and mouthed 'don't want to frighten her yet', and I managed to stifle a giggle at the thought of Jane's expression when she finally came face to face with my son's 9-inch monster of a cock.

"Now do the same to my friends." Adam commanded his mother.

As though realising for the first time that she and her son weren't alone Jane looked across at the rest of the teenagers; her eyes widening with surprise and arousal when she saw the six naked youths, all with erections and all waiting for her attention. Moving as though in a dream Jane rose to her feet and asked her son where she should start in a low, trembling voice, in reply Adam pointed to Ian who was sat at the point furthest from my son on one wing of the horseshoe of chairs. Ian opened his legs as she approached him, kneeling between his legs Jane took the boy's cock into her mouth and pushed down on it, Ian sighed with pleasure as her mouth slid down to his groin in one single push. When Jane began to bob her head up and down sliding his cock in and out of her throat Ian groaned and leant back in his chair, soon Jane was groaning too as her movements became faster, her thrusts harder. For a person that had claimed never to have sucked a cock before Jane very quickly mastered the art, the enthusiasm in her motions also told me that she was really enjoying it too. This time it was Jane that came first, her body trembling as she gurgled around the flesh in her throat, the trembling increased as her climax grew more intense and seemed to hit a peak when Ian suddenly pushed his hips up and gave a loud groan of his own. Despite the force of Ian's upward thrust Jane pushed down to meet him, her throat muscles moving quickly as she swallowed the juices flowing into it, a few moments later she was moving her head again only stopping when her son commanded her to do so.

When Jane looked at her son breathlessly he pointed to Ray on the opposite side of the horseshoe, without hesitation she went to the boy indicated and took his cock into her mouth. After Ray came John, then Len, then Alan as her son moved her from one side of the horseshoe to the other and working her towards my son at the centre. By the time Jane got to Len she was climaxing almost continually, as for myself I was experiencing minor climaxes every few minutes just watching her go round the boys sucking them off. Then it was Paul's turn and Jane looked up at Helen as she knelt between Paul's legs, Helen smiled down at her, Jane returned the smile then turned her attention to Paul's hard cock. As Jane started to push down on the boy's erection my son stood up and undressed, he grinned at me as he sat back down and I felt my excitement rising to a peak at the surprise Jane was in for very soon.

When at last Jane was pointed in the direction of my son I was not disappointed by her reaction. As she knelt Jane looked up at me with a smile, then her eyes moved to my son's cock.

"Oh God!" I heard her gasp as her eyes went wide at the sight of his monster of a cock.

Not only was my son long, he was thick as well, his diameter being at least 3 inches! Licking her lips nervously Jane lowered her head to Victor's cock and took the cap into her mouth, moving slowly she pushed down on him and slowly but surely Jane took my son's cock into her throat. Pausing every few moments she worked her way down onto his erection, but had only taken half of his length when a climax hit her. She stopped moving, her eyes closing and a loud groan sounding around the cock in her mouth, for a few seconds she shook as her pleasure ran through her body, then her peak passed and Jane began pushing down again. When she at last had him all in her mouth and throat Jane climaxed again, once again she paused before starting to rise on him, Victor's cock glistened with her saliva as it slid out of her mouth and this sight made me have a not so minor climax that had my knees shaking as I stood watching the scene unfold. Jane reached a point where his cock was barely in her mouth then suddenly reversed direction and thrust down on him hard, his cock sinking into her throat in one swift moment of penetration. From that point on Jane's motion were hard and fast, even climaxes no longer stopped her motions as she sucked on my Victor's gorgeous cock. As always, it took ages for my son to cum and Jane's movements became almost desperate as she tried to force him to climax. Unlike the other boys my son did not thrust up or grab her head when he finally came, instead he let out a low moan and let Jane force herself down tighter on his erupting erection.

"Come here mum." Adam said when she finally sat back on her heels panting for breath.

Still trembling from the sensations of bliss running through her Jane got to her feet and went over to her son, he ordered her to bend over and grab her ankles and not to move no matter what he did. Her 'yes Adam' was so low as to be almost inaudible, but she did as ordered and waited for whatever was to come. Adam looked at Victor then back to his mother's bent body, he raised a hand and I realised that Jane was to be spanked as a test of her obedience. When Adam's hand struck her buttock with a resounding crack Jane cried out yet held her position, six times her son's rose and fell, each smack was accompanied by the crack of flesh meeting flesh violently and her voice raising in a loud cry of pain. Tears flowed on her cheeks again as her son spanked her, yet Jane held her position just as he'd told her to do. After the sixth smack Adam rubbed his mother's reddened backside for a few moments, the silence allowed us all to hear the low sobs Jane made as she stood there, bum burning, grabbing her ankles. Then Adam took hold of his mother's hips and pushed his cock towards her pussy, he nestled the head of his cock at her pussy then held still. At first Jane didn't realise what he was waiting for, but then, at last, it came to her that it was she that was to take him into her pussy, with this realisation Jane pushed back to her son, his cock sinking into her until her buttocks pressed tight to him, his erection fully penetrating her pussy. As their bodies met Jane gave a gentle cry and shook into an orgasm, her pussy must have tightened around her son's cock because he gave a groan of pleasure then began to move in her.

"So much for Adam's problem." my son said softly at my side.

Looking down I saw him looking up at me with a soft smile on his lips, a hand I knew was his ran up my stocking leg to my pussy, sighing I pushed down on to the fingers he was sliding into me. Victor turned his eyes back to Adam and his mother at the sound of her voice crying out in bliss again, at the same time he began to finger fuck me forcefully. Uttering a soft moan I let my eyes follow the direction of his in time to see Jane toss her head up and let out another cry of bliss as her son fucked her with long heavy strokes.

"Barely a problem at all," he chuckled softly without taking his eyes off the action or his fingers out of my pussy "what do you think mother dear?"

"I'm a little surprised," I admitted quietly "I was expecting you to have to use force on her. You knew she'd surrender didn't you!"

"I suspected she would." he replied.

"But how could you know that?" I asked in surprise.

"Think about it mother," he said as he pressed his thumb to my clit making thinking impossible "she'd let him kiss her like a lover, fondle her tits like a lover and at the last to stroke her cunt like a lover. She just couldn't get over the last hurdle without some way to make it 'not her fault'. We gave her that excuse and now..." he paused waving his free hand at the fucking couple then continued "the deed has happened so repeats can make no difference. She wanted him to take her as much as he wanted her, only her 'moral' sense has had longer to take hold on her."

Once again I was amazed at the maturity of thought my son displayed, though my amazement quickly faded as his moving finger and thumb pushed me into an orgasm. Through pleasure hazed eyes I watched as Adam suddenly began to thrust into his mother like crazy, her head thrashed as she cried out the joy he was giving her and her body shuddered so much I thought her knees would give way, but somehow she managed to keep her position. Then Adam thrust into her and stopped moving, his whole body tense as he shot his seed into his mother's depths, moments later he was fucking her again. Eventually Adam pulled his cock from his mothers pussy, he took a few deep breaths then commanded his mother to go with me to get cleaned up.

"When you return," he said as I moved to Jane's side "you will assume the same position to be fucked by my friends, after each one has finished with you you will clean up and return for the next one to fuck you."

"Yes Adam." Jane panted.

As I led her to the downstairs bathroom Jane took hold of my elbow, I stopped and looked at her face.

"Thank you Melanie." She breathed "Thank you."

I smiled and continued towards the bathroom. Soon we were back in the clubroom where the next boy spanked her six times then fucked her hard. One after the other they took her making her cries of ecstasy fill the room as orgasm after orgasm ran through her, after each boy she went to the bathroom to clean out her pussy then returned. Then my son took her, his spanking harder than any of the other boy's had been and his massive cock thrusting into her with greater force, in the end he was subtly supporting her quivering body so that she wouldn't fall. When he eventually moved away from Jane he had me take her to the bathroom again and quietly told me to 'take your time, let her recover a little for the last part of the initiation', I nodded and helped Jane out of the room. In the bathroom Jane quickly cleaned herself and made to head back to the clubroom, I had her sit on the edge of the bath instead.

"But won't they be annoyed if I don't get back quickly?" she asked still panting for breath "Or are we finished for today?"

"No," I smiled at her use of the term 'for today' "you aren't finished yet. There's one last part of the initiation of a new slave for you to go through. The Masters won't be annoyed if you don't get back quickly either, Victor told me to let you recover a little before returning."

"Thank God!" she sighed, "I was afraid I'd let Adam down towards the end."

I made no comment about her change of heart about letting her son dominate her, her words merely proved that my son had been right in his judgement of the situation, all she'd needed was an excuse that took the onus of 'letting it happen' from her. Then I remembered my surprise at Helen's love of S/M, looking at Jane I wondered if she had a similar love sex wise.

"Do you have any particular kink?" I asked her bluntly "Something you love being done to you?"

After what she had done with the group I was surprised to see her blush at my question, which told me there was something that really excited her when it was done to her.

"I love to be buggered." She eventually replied softly "If Adam had touched my arse before my pussy I would have given in to him straight away. But then I might have missed all this."

"Oh no you wouldn't have," I laughed secretly relishing the fact that the last part of the initiation was to be fucked in the arse "once he'd dominated you Adam would have brought you to the club for initiation."

So I quickly explained about the Dominators, I could see she was full of questions, but I put her off for the moment since it was time for us to return. When we got back to the clubroom Adam had his mother assume the same position, bent over grasping her ankles, she obeyed and her son began to spank her again. I knew she would be expecting to be fucked again after her spanking, but she could have no idea that she was to be taken in her favourite way.

"Master." I whispered to Victor as we watched Jane being spanked.

"Speak." My son grinned up at me.

"I pumped Jane while we were gone," I said "I found out her kink is that she loves to be buggered. She'll do anything for it."

"Really," he chuckled "that's interesting, very interesting indeed. Well done mother."

Looking at Adam my son signalled to him to come over, Adam ordered his mother to stay as she was and came over to Victor. My son spoke quietly to Adam who suddenly grinned and nodded as my son carried on speaking; unfortunately Victor spoke so quietly that I couldn't hear what he had said to his friend. Returning to his mother Adam took up where he had left off, spanking her, this time it was a dozen blows she received and she bore them with tears and cries of mixed pain and pleasure without moving from the position she was in. After the last smack Adam stroked his mother's backside for a moment then moved around in front of her.

"What do you want mother?" he asked in a firm voice.

"I want to be your slave." She responded without hesitation.

"And?" Adam said.

"To be fucked by you," Jane breathed "to be used by you in any way you or your friends want."

"Then beg for me to do whatever your favourite thing is to you." Adam grinned triumphantly.

Briefly Jane looked at me and I shrugged back at her, she smiled knowing I had passed on what she had said was her kink, but she looked at her son and begged him to fuck her arse, more than that she pleaded with him to do it. At a nod from Victor two of the other boys got up and moved one of the tables to the centre of the room then sat down again, Adam ordered his mother to bend over the table which she did almost as soon as the words were out of his mouth. Moving behind her Adam pushed his cock into her pussy and let it soak in her juices for a few moments, and then he pulled out of her pussy and pressed his cock to her anus. Jane groaned with delight as he forced the head of his cock into her, then he held still for a moment, she tried to push back onto him thinking that was what he wanted her to do, but Adam moved back with her so that only the head of his cock remained in her.

"Please," she begged, "please fuck my arse."

"There's a word missing." Adam said softly.

"Master!" Jane breathed then raised her voice "Please Master, please. Fuck my arse Master, please."

Once again Adam gave a triumphant grin that his mother couldn't see, then he pulled back a little making his mother's pleading grow louder. Suddenly he thrust into her with all his might, Jane took one deep shuddering intake of breath then screamed out almost deafeningly.

"Yes Master! Yes!" she cried as she crashed into an intense orgasm.

Adam's eyes closed as his mother's arse clenched around his cock, then he opened them and began to fuck her so hard the table actually lifted with each thrust! Jane went crazy with delight at what her son was doing to her, her whole body bucked as her cries echoed around the room, she had really meant it when she had told me she loved to be buggered! And her son loved buggering her, on and on he thrust, the sheer delight on his face as his cock moved in her arse was clear for all to see. It seemed ages before he finally pushed into her and tensed, Jane almost screamed as she felt him filling her back passage with hot semen. When Adam finally moved away from his mother she lay limp and breathless on the table, he stepped to one side and commanded her to beg the others to fuck her arse. Without hesitation she did as he had commanded, pleading with her 'masters' to use her arse, to fuck her hard in it! One after the other the boys gave Jane what she had begged for, this time there was no break for her to clean up or recover in, this time they were using their juices to lubricate her arse for their pleasure... and hers! The last to take her was my son, I knew just how delightfully full he made her arse feel and her cries rose to a knew peak as Victor fucked her hard seeming tireless in his motions. When Victor finally pushed into her and shot his load Jane fainted away for a moment, her body shuddering uncontrollably as she lay skewered on my son's cock. He waited for her to return to her senses before moving again, his cock ramming into her arse for another few minutes before he finally pulled it from her.

And so another slave was added to the ranks, as Helen and I supported Jane as we took her to the bathroom to freshen up I wondered if the other boys would be bringing in their mothers in the future.
Chapter 7
Home - Top   Feedback to author


Home « Scorpio00155's Page « Dominated By My Son Index « Previous - Settings
Chapter 7: And Then There Were Four
Posted: March 02, 2001 - 12:00:00 am

In the days leading up to their return to school the boys took full advantage of having Helen, Jane and myself as their slaves. The Dominators met every other day and what they did with and to us had all three of us exhausted most of the time, and the demands our sons made on us in between times finished the job. Yet we loved every blessed moment!

On the last meeting before school started the boys had a marathon day with us, the day started at nine thirty in the morning and ended at nine that night! The climax of the day was Helen's wish come true, already exhausted from almost 10 hours of attention from the boys she was grabbed yet again, her hands tied and fixed to one of the cords that hug from pulleys in the ceiling, then she was hoisted until only the tips of her toes touched the floor. Jane and I must have looked jealous of the attention she was getting because the next thing I knew was I was strung up right beside her with Jane dangling on the other side of her! Victor reached into one of the cupboards and took something out, turning to look at Helen he held out a cat o' nine tails.

"It came this morning," he informed her "it's what you said you wanted."

I looked at the cat he held again then gasped loudly, it wasn't one of the soft ones that had been used on us to such effect before, no, this was a real one made of hard leather. Through my shock I heard Jane whisper 'Jesus!' and Helen's low 'Oh yes!'; in almost disbelief I watched as my son stood directly in front of Helen and experimentally flicked the cat, the sound of the tails cutting the air was frightening yet I felt excitement welling up in me. He flicked his wrist again and the tails hissed through the air, there came a multiple 'crack' then Helen gave an anguished scream that chilled the blood in my veins, her body jerking and bouncing in her bonds. Across Helen's breasts appeared a line of harsh red streaks that covered her nipples as well as her boobs, I gulped as he raised his hand again, his wrist flicked and another scream cut the air and another band of streaks ran across Helen's boobs. She had to be in agony, sobs wracked her body as tears gushed down her face, but at the same time she was jerking and crying out in climax! It was an unbelievable sight that had my pussy clenching as I had an orgasm, on the other side of Helen Jane was groaning as well. My son went behind Helen, I couldn't see him, but the hiss of the tails, the crack of them landing and Helen's cry told me he was striking her across the buttocks, he struck again as Jane was in mid orgasm, her body literally jumping into the air as it tried to escape the pain and exploded in ecstasy!

"Open." Victor said from behind her.

Agog I watched Helen spread her legs as wide as she could, a moment later there was the hiss of the tails cutting the air, I saw them flicking up under her body to strike along the full length of her exposed pussy and curled up to hit her pubic mound. Helen gave a blood curdling cry then hung limply in her bonds, a moment later my son came into my range of vision again, he checked Helen then stepped back and waited. A few minutes later Helen stirred, or more accurately jerked back to life, her orgasm was so powerful she seemed to be having convulsions, but there was no mistaking the bliss that filled her cries, gradually she calmed down and managed to look at Victor and smile weakly. Victor returned her smile then turned to look at me, he raised one eyebrow and god alone knows why, but I gave a tiny nod of my head that was signal enough for him.

He moved in front of me and eyed my boobs as though gauging the range, then his wrist seemed to give a lazy flick and everything seemed to go into slow motion. I swear I saw the tails slashing through the air, spreading out as they came, their frightening hiss sounding louder and louder, then there came the crack of the tails hitting flesh, my flesh! A band of fire spread across my nipples and the flesh above and below them, I sucked in a sharp breath and let it out as a scream, yet even as the pain grew I felt an orgasm rock my body! The hiss, crack came again and another band of fire ran across my boobs, my voice rose into a scream as my body exploded with rapture, I writhed and shook in agony and delight. Then the sound of the cat tails cutting the air came from behind me and my buttocks exploded with pain as the crack of impact filled the room, screaming and crying out in bliss I bounced in my bonds just as Helen had done, my cries growing even louder, my motions even more frenzied as a second band of fire burst across my buttocks. I nearly passed out with the sensations running through me, but no more blows came and slowly I felt my senses return enough for me to be aware of my surroundings again.

"Open." Victor's voice sounded behind me.

As though with a will of their own my legs moved apart, I stretched them out as far as I could exposing as much of my pussy as possible to what was to come next. Then the hiss of the moving tails filled my ears, the next moment my mind and body exploded into an anguished orgasm as my whole groin area burst into flame, my scream as loud and blood curdling as Helen's had been.

The next thing I knew I was hanging limply in my bonds with my body screaming at me in agony and rapture and I realised that I had fainted. Victor was standing in front of me; his lips curved in a smile as I looked at him with tear filled eyes and managed a very weak half smile. He moved away from me and I let my head hang in exhaustion, my head jerked up when the hiss, crack of the tails being used again filled the room followed by screaming. Stunned I watched Jane receive the same treatment Helen and I had, I knew that Victor had asked her if she wished to be whipped in the same way he had asked me and I also knew that he would not have gone ahead unless Jane had signalled him to do so!

I had thought I was climaxed out, but as I watched Jane being whipped I felt myself rising to yet another peak and when he struck under her body along her pussy I felt my senses fading as my own orgasm struck. Dimly I became aware of my body being lowered, strong hands supported me, turning my head weakly I saw that it was my son who was almost carrying me to one of the chairs, over his shoulder I saw Paul and Adam helping their mothers.

"I think that's enough for today." Victor declared as he straightened.

He got no argument and the rest of the boys quickly dressed, bade us goodnight and departed, soon only Helen, Paul, Jane and Adam were left. For all her lack of size it was Helen that was the first to recover enough to drive her son home, a few minutes later Jane and Adam departed and I was alone with my son. He helped me to my feet and up the stairs to our bedroom where he sat me on the bed then gently removed my shoes, stockings and suspenders. Once I was naked he took me to the bathroom, he turned on the shower and stepped under the falling water with me; his hands were tender and caring as he soaped my still stinging body, cleaning and easing my pains. Taking me from the shower he just as gently dried my body then guided me towards bed. Throughout all this he never said a word! It wasn't until he had laid me on the bed that my son spoke.

"You surprised me mother." he said softly "I hadn't expected you to say yes to being whipped with a real cat. You have no idea how horny whipping you has made me!"

I looked up at him and smiled, I knew he was about to fuck me even though my body was still burning where the cattails had struck. Opening my legs I looked into his eyes.

"Fuck me Master." I said softly.

With a happy laugh my son came between my legs and fucked me in my burning pussy for hours!

It was almost a relief when school started again, the boys, being sensible, had decided that they would only met on Saturdays during term time, mind you I also knew that my son would still take me on a daily basis, but at least I had time to recover a little while he was at school.

It was the second Saturday after their return to school that the number of my fellow slaves swelled. On that night the boys had gathered, all but Len that is, but my son did not seem surprised by his lateness. Helen, Jane and I stood in our 'uniform' beside the chairs of our sons as the boys talked about the week, just relaxing and winding down before they set about winding up their slave girls. Then the doorbell rang, Victor looked at me and tilted his head towards the door and quietly said 'answer it as you are', feeling nervous excitement rising in me I went to the front door praying that it was Len and not some stranger. When I opened the door I felt a wave of relief and a little disappointment to be see it was indeed Len, then my relief faded as I realised that he was not alone.

"Hi Melanie," Len smiled as my eyes moved to the person behind him "I don't think you've met my mother."

My heart fluttered as he stepped aside, then I was fighting back a cry of surprise at the sight of this gorgeous Asian woman standing there dressed exactly as I was.

"Hello Melanie." She smiled almost shyly, her voice holding an exotic accent "I am Narita, but most people just call me Rita."

"I'm very pleased to meet you Rita." I smiled getting over my first surprise "Please come in, the rest of the group is waiting for you."

Now I understood why my son had not been concerned about Len's lateness, obviously he had arranged this with Len; my son certainly had a sense of the dramatic. Closing the door I let Len lead the way to the clubroom.

"Ah Len," Victor greeted us as we entered the room "and this, I assume, is your mother."

"It is." Len smiled with pride "She has a speech prepared, if she's permitted to give it."

Victor smiled knowing that Len had obviously told his mother everything that would be expected of her and that her 'speech' was either a result of coaching by Len or her knowing what she was committing to. He raised an eyebrow and nodded at Len to proceed.

"Speak." Len commanded his mother once permission had been granted.

Rita raised herself to her full height and looked at the group of boys eyeing her body from the comfort of their chairs. From where I stood beside Victor I could see that she was centring her attention on him, either sensing or having been told that my son was the head Dominator.

"I am Narita, commonly called Rita, I have submitted my will in all things to my son Len," Rita started talking in a firm yet soft voice "he has commanded that I further submit to you, his friends, as I would to him. I now swear upon my soul that I will submit to you Victor, Alan, John, Paul, Ray, Adam and Ian in all things, I will obey all commands and satisfy all lusts no matter what they may be."

The assembled teenagers grinned and nodded, obviously impressed by her words and the sincerity they held. All eyes turned to Victor, he sat back in his chair, steepled his fingers as though considering, I could see Len starting to get concerned that he had let his mother go too far with her speech, then he almost sagged with relief when my son finally spoke.

"We accept your submission," he said in a low voice "Len, begin the initiation."

Grinning Len stripped then faced his mother; he did not say a word just pointed to his cock.

"Yes Master." Rita responded to his signal without hesitation.

Kneeling in front of her son she took his cock into her mouth and pushed right down on it as though she did deep throat every day. She let him savour the feel of her throat around his cock for a moment then began to move on him as fast and as hard as she could, his cock slamming into her throat on each thrust. To my surprise she climaxed within a few minutes and was still climaxing a five minutes later when her son shot his seed down her throat. Moving her mouth from him on command Rita looked up at her son awaiting his next command. Again Len gave his order without speaking, he waved his hand around the group of boys indicated the order she was to take each one while they removed their clothes.

"Yes Master." Rita said a little breathlessly.

Then she moved to the first youth she was to suck off, took his cock straight down her throat. Moments later she was climaxing yet her motions on the cock in her mouth did not slow one iota and soon the boy was groaning as his seed shot into her. One after the other Rita took the boys, at times still climaxing as she took a fresh cock into her mouth until at last she came to my son. As she lowered her mouth to his erection she saw it's sheer size for the first time and climaxed immediately. Body shaking with ecstasy Rita never paused, her mouth went around my son's cock then pushed down hard on him, swallowing all 9 inches in the blink of an eye. Then she was moving on him with a force that I knew I could never match however much I wished to, but it was not my son that groaned with pleasure it was Rita as she started one long climax that lasted all the while she was sucking my son! Her muffled groans, moans and cries filling the room as she did her best to get my son to climax and when she at last succeeded she drank every drop of his spurting juices then sucked for more.

On command she sat back and looked over her shoulder to her son, he signalled her to come to him, had her grasp her ankles and began to forcefully spank her six times. Rita squealed and cried but did not move away even a millimetre as her son beat her arse and when the spanking was over she pushed back on his cock to the hilt the moment he pressed it to her pussy. With hard thrusts Len fucked his mother for ages, it didn't take her long to climax nor did she stop climaxing all the while her son was fucking her. When at last Len pushed deep into her and filled her pussy with his seed she threw back her head and cried out in bliss!

I showed her to the bathroom so that she could clean up for the next boy, she seemed to glow with fulfilment and I could not resist asking her if she felt no guilt about having sex with her son.

"Ah Melanie," she laughed "I am too happy to be getting sex from any source to let guilt bother me."

As soon as we returned to the clubroom Rita assumed the position and waited for the next boy to take her. All I can say is that Rita loved what was happening, as each boy fucked her she climaxed from start to finish, even with my limited knowledge I knew this was not usual for a woman, what was more her glow of satisfaction grew with each eruption of sperm that filled her pussy. When my son took his place she pushed back against him with such force that he almost staggered, his raised eyebrows expressed his surprise at her enthusiasm and he did not hold back at all as he fucked her pussy mercilessly! And Rita loved it! Then came the final part of the initiation, her being buggered by the eight teenagers. She started climaxing as she pushed her arse onto her son, who took her first, and did not stop climaxing until five minutes after my son had pulled his cock from her well-fucked arse!

However, that did not end it for her, Victor looked at her and grinned, pointing to Len, Adam and Ian he had them take her in all three holes at the same time. And when they had filled her arse, pussy and throat with their juices my son sent Alan, Paul and John in to take their place. Under this three way onslaught Rita was having climax on climax on climax, after the first three boys she'd shown the first signs of tiring and after the second trio she was definitely wearing down. Finally Ray and my son took her as a duo, with Ray pounding in her arse and Victor in her pussy they drove her over the edge and I saw Rita sag between them mewling weakly as they continued to fuck her.

And so Rita joined the ranks of the slaves of the Dominators, it was only later that I found out that her particular favourite was deep throat oral, she admitted that she couldn't get enough of it.

Now the weekly meetings had four female bodies to use and abuse, which they did to the full. In between times we four women were still the playthings of our sons thus the only rest we got was while they were at school. That rest time also allowed us slaves to meet and grow to know each other as good friends, we talked about things in general and about the wonderful things the Dominators and our sons did to us, exchanging notes on what each boy had done so far with and to his mother. Perhaps our submitting to our sons and their teenage friends was wrong, but we were each more satisfied and fulfilled than we had ever been in the past.
Epilogue:

And so here we are a year later, our ranks swollen to a full compliment of eight slaves and each one of us not only committing illegal acts with minors but committing incest too. Only four of us were mothers being fucked by their sons. Alan had brought his 16-year-old sister as our fifth sister in slavery, she was a pretty girl who was still budding in the breast area and who loved to be fucked with her hands tied behind her. Our sixth sister was also a sister; John's 19-year-old sister to be precise and she took to being a slave as a duck took to water loving anything and everything that was done to her. Sister number seven was Ray's cousin, a really busty 18 year old that simply adored being humiliated in any way you could think of. Our final sister was Ian's Aunt Martha, at 46 she was the oldest of us slaves, but she had a gorgeous body that looked and felt much younger than her years, the streaks of grey starting to show in her hair adding distinction to her looks.

It was Martha who finally satisfied my secret curiosity about having sex with another woman; Martha was bisexual, but leant towards being 'butch' with other women. With enthusiastic permission from the masters Martha initiated each of her slave sister into the joys of lesbian sex and then had us give our masters a lesbian show using all sorts of toys on each other. The best part for me of that night was when my son had me put on a strap on dildo and fuck the diminutive Helen until she fainted. My son was nothing if not imaginative and at the next meeting he had strap on dildos for seven of us, he had us fuck each other doggy style with me receiving the attentions of Helen at the head of the line and each woman fucking the one in front with Rita as the tail ender with no-one to fuck her pussy. Or so she thought, but while we women fucked each other without mercy as instructed the boys split into two groups, four went to the rear of the line and they began to fuck Rita one after the other, at the front of the line I took their cocks into my throat one after the other. When the four at the rear and front had finished they swapped ends and started over! God what a night that was, but that's another story.
Your opinion is important:
Share with the others what you think about
"Dominated By My Son"
     
Switch to Expanded voting form
The End
Posted: 2001-03-02
Home - Top   Feedback to author
