 
Home | John Doelman's Page
Education from Mother
by John Doelman
 

Mother was a wonderful woman of 34 years of age that summer of enlightenment.

She stood 5 foot 1 inch in height and weighed 115 pounds with red hair. Her body was normal and hot, she had measurements of 34-24-34. After going through her drawers I learned she had a B cup for the rest of her bra sizes. Modesty in the home was nothing, we walked around in underwear all of the time, or PJ's. All someone had to do was to ask to have their back washed and helping hands were there to wash the back.

I was raised around lakes from the time I could walk. I was put in a Lifejacket and a inner tube when I could walk. We went to the lakes to water ski on the weekends and on Wednesday evenings during the summer. I got free feels of my Mother's breasts when we swam in the lakes. I could swim to her and grab her anywhere and nothing was said. We changed suits in the same room and I always liked seeing the naked breasts Mother had. They had large nipples that were a deep pink.

I could talk to Mother about any subject at any time. No subject was taboo. We talked about sex at an early age, and some of the questions I asked were quite graphic in nature. Mother always had an answer.

One day after a full day at the lake water skiing we were going into town for dinner. Everyone had to get cleaned up. I took a shower, followed by dad, then mother came in and stripped and climbed into the shower. By now the hot water was running low. This was the first time I got to see my mother naked without any panties on. She indicated that the water was cold. I pulled back the shower curtain and saw her heavy red bush and nipples. The nipples were erect from the cold water and made my cock hard. I adjusted the cold water to where it was warmer. I tried to mask my erection, I knew she saw it.

That night I sat on the balcony in a lounge chair. My head was leaned back and I was trying to stop another nosebleed, I got them all the time. Mother came out on the balcony and saw what I was trying to do. She leaned over me and I got another free shot of her breasts from her nightgown gaping open. I wanted to touch her so bad, my cock got hard just looking at them. After a few minutes the nosebleed stopped and she sat down.

She asked, "How are you doing?"

"Mother you look really hot in that nightgown.," I replied to her. She was a glow from having just finished being with my dad who was now asleep. I could smell the musky ordor of their sex. Mother had on only her nightgown and white panties. It was about 3 am.

She asked, "Do you know what your Dad and I had been doing earlier?"

I stated, "I was woken up from you all having sex in the same room, I know you were trying to be quiet. And the Nosebleed, you know."

"You know, I will answer any questions you might have about sex," She replied.

"How do you keep from getting pregnant since I saw Dad enter you without any protection, like a condom?" I asked.

"How do you know about condoms?" She asked me.

"Mother, School work and I saw a box at the house in Dad's shelf area and read the information in the box," was my reply.

Mother then sat there and told me that condoms were not the only form of birth control. Women could take oral contraception, use a method called rhythm, or use a diaphragm or cervical cap, or spermicide foam or jellies. She knew all about the differences and she told me all about the failings of each method. My cock got harder as the conversation went on. She informed me that she used the diaphragm and that she had it in at that time since she and dad had just had sex that evening.

I told her, "I saw most of the sex you all had." She asked, "Do you have any questions about what you saw tonight?" I asked, "What position were you all in? Did you all have foreplay? I was wondering about it all." She told me about foreplay and missionary sex and everything. During our conversation my cock got real hard and poked out of my boxers, all 8 inches.

She looked over and saw my erection sticking out of my Boxers. She asked, "How do you take care of that situation?"

I responded, "I normally jack-off, Mother."

She asked, "Have you ever been with a woman?"

I said, "Mother, I'm 14 years old what girl is going to let me have sex with her?"

She responded, "I will be glad to take care of you any time you need relief from your male urges. With your size you will have more women if you learn to use it correctly. You are just a little larger than your Dad"

I had seen that he was about 6 to 7 inches when he and Mother were having sex. "Anytime?" I replied.

"Anytime!" she responded by getting up and removing her panties and straddling my lounge chair. She pulled down my boxers and then she walked up the lounge chair. She grasped my cock in her hand. She then rubbed it back and forth across her pussy. She was extremely wet from having sex with Dad. She paused after three strokes and placed the head inside her vagina and slid the rest of my cock deep in her womb in a smooth stroke.

She paused there and asked, "How does that feel?"

"Wonderful!" was my only response. It was so hot and wet that I knew I would not last long. "Are you going to get pregnant since you did not put in more spermicide?"

"Maybe not" was her response. As she started to rock and grind her pussy against me. "You are so HOT... I know you will not last long..."

She had me trapped inside her hot pussy. The feeling was wonderful and getting better. I felt the diaphragm each time she slammed down on my cock. The resistance was interesting. I then felt the sperm boil out of me and I started spurting rope after rope deep in her pussy. I felt each spurt. There must have been 15 of them, I had never counted them when I jerked off. She was in her orgasm now and had her eyes shut. She slammed down on my cock and just ground her pussy against me for another couple of minutes. She stopped and caught her breath. She kissed me deeply.

She then said, "My, aren't we a real man tonight" She squeezed my cock with her pussy.

My cock was still hard. I picked her up and with my cock still buried in her pussy. As I turned us over, she removed her nightgown and I placed her on her back. I then placed her legs wide and over my shoulders and drove my cock deep into her pussy. I leaned in and started sucking her nipples.

She gasped, "You are larger than your father in girth as well as length."

With that I took control and worked my cock into her with deep long hard strokes. She entered an orgasm, "I'mmmmmmmm cummmmmmmming..." I picked up the pace with each thrust. I could feel the diaphragm as the resistance on each in stroke. After about 15 minutes of pounding my cock in my own mother I told her "I'm cuuuuuummmmmmming" and I placed another large amount of sperm in her pussy. This time I tried counting the spurts I still had 15 spurts.

I asked her, "how many times does a man spurt in a woman."

She told me, "A normal man only ejaculates between 5 and 10 cc's of sperm. From what I felt when you had your orgasm, you must just cum a lot more than most."

She got up and put on her nightgown and picked up her panties and put them on and went inside to the bathroom. After a few minutes she came out and told me that I had just put more sperm in her than any man ever had. I asked her how many men she had been with? She told me she had been with four different men prior to me. She went in and went to bed.
The next time

The next time I had sex with my mother was to be three days after that first night. No opportunity presented its self prior to that. Mother was alone in the house after dad had left for work. She was in a nightgown and was picking up the dishes from breakfast. I walked up behind her and grabbed her in a hug. I wrapped both hands on her breasts and pulled her tight against me. All I had on were my boxers. As I nuzzled her neck I felt my cock get hard and slap against her butt. I slid down my hand and felt her bare bush against my prying fingers. Mother gasped and felt the head of my cock poke through the slit of my boxers.

She told me, "Not yet, I removed my diaphragm when I got up this morning, and am not protected."

I bent her over the table and probed with my cock against her pussy lips. She gasped again as I probed. I told her, "Anytime!"

With that she reached between her legs and placed her hand firmly around my cock and placed it in her pussy. I slid it the rest of the way in and felt no resistance at all. I said, "You don't have your diaphragm in... maybe we should... You might get..." With that she moved against me and pushed me deeper. Being so horny I worked my cock in long slow strokes. I grabbed her hips and pulled her against my in going thrusts.

She gasped, "Fill me... with your... seed baby... you need... to know what... an unprotected... womb... feels... like... do it now." She placed her head on the table and held on with her hands to the sides. I started to slap my balls against her clit. We worked against each other for some time. She gasped, "I'm cuuummminnng!" I felt the heat in her pussy increase and the wetness flow out. I huffed, "I'm cummmming tooooo" I started spurting rope after rope of potent sperm deep in her womb.

As our orgasms subsided a grabbed a chair and sat both of us down, before we fell down. Mother said," I felt you spurt 15 times. Do you do that all the time?" My cock was still in her convulsing womb. "Yeah, I think that is what I do each time", I gasped back as I rubbed her nipples. She stated, "I need to go and clean up for a minute as a precaution. Go to your room and I'll be there in a couple of minutes I have to show you something." With that she was off down the hall leaking sperm down her legs.
In My Room

I lay down on my bed and slowly stroked my cock feeling Mother's and my juices for lubrication. I did not have long to wait for Mother to come into my room. She had two things in her hand.

She said, "You need to see how a diaphragm is inserted as part of your education." She then prepared the diaphragm for insertion. She then sat on the edge of the chair in my room and slid the prepared diaphragm into her vagina. During the process she explained each step in great detail. She stated, "Ready for another session with you." She climbed on the bed and engulfed my cock in her mouth. She worked up and down on my cock with her tongue for a few minutes. She stopped and climbed on top of my cock and planted my cock deep in her flexing pussy. "Lay back honey and let mother do all of the work this time."

She took my hands and placed them on her breasts and ground my cock deep in her wanting pussy. I worked on her nipples and breasts and the pulled her towards my mouth and licked and sucked them until the nipples were erect and nearing a flushed red color. The entire time I felt the diaphragm's resistance each time she drove her pussy down on my cock.

She then changed position and started riding me like she was riding a horse. She was posting up and down on my cock. I felt myself go deeper in her womb. This was really fantastic. I felt each ridge in her pussy and her pussy gripped my cock each time she slid down on my cock in a milking grip. Mother was over the top in her own orgasms, one right after another. After about forever I felt the sperm boil out of me in the hard spurts. When I finished and we slowed down for a minute Mother said, "You spurt 15 ropes each time... I think I might have to re-think my protection alternatives... If I plan to keep this up for the rest of the summer." I asked, "What do you mean?" She stated, "The amount of sperm you deliver has to be above the norm for men. I think we should get a sample and have my Doctor test it and make new recommendations on what type of protection I should be using."

I rolled us over and flicked my cock deep in her pussy and started a rocking motion. Mother asked, "You need to allow me to insert some more spermicide before we continue." She reached over to the night stand and got the tube of spermicide and loaded the applicator up and had me remove my cock for less then 20 seconds while she inserted and deposited some more deep in her vagina. She said, "ready for your next injection."

With that I slid my cock deep into her pussy and displaced the spermacide. Mother started a low moaning sound as we got into a ball slapping rhythm. Her eyes glassed over and she kept getting louder as she had more orgasms. We fucked like rabbits for the next 30 minutes before I informed my mother I was cumming. She did not hear me since she was having multiple orgasms and was nearly passed out. I spurted my load deep in her pussy, another 15 spurts of potent sperm. I kept my cock deep in her pussy and felt my cock relax after another 10 minutes.

I rolled off her and watched her recover. Mother came out of her trance and was laying spread eagle and I saw my cum leaking out of her vagina. She looked at me and said, "Tomorrow I want to get your sperm sample to the doctor first thing in the morning after your father leaves for the office. I think a blow job will be the best way. We are going to keep educating you this summer." She got up and had a little trouble walking to the bathroom. She came back to the bed and laid back down. She said, "I need a little rest before we do anything at all." I leaned over and kissed her deeply and started fingering her well used slit.
The next morning

I rose from bed refreshed from the previous days activities. I went into breakfast and mother was in her nightgown and Dad was dressed for the office. My breakfast was at the table. I leaned over and kissed mother on the cheek and caught a glimpse of her bare nipples. Dad folded his paper a minute later and said, "I've got to be going to the office. You all have a good day." He got up and left the house. I took another bite of breakfast and looked towards Mother. She said, "Wait for the sound of his car to leave." We heard the garage door let down and the car pulling away down the gravel driveway. Mother removed her night gown as she got up to get something. She naked ass walking across the breakfast nook made my cock snap to attention. She brought back a specimen cup from the kitchen area where her purse was kept.

I asked, "Where and when did you get that?

She responded, "I dropped by my OB/GYN's office yesterday afternoon and made an appointment for me today, since I have to re-think the birth control around here. Now move your chair back and let me get that important sample from you"

I slid my chair back and removed my boxers. She smiled as my hard-on came into view. She knelt between my legs and started kissing my cock. Then she said, "Please warn me before you cum so we can get a complete sample for the Doctor, he will want to have it all." She then engulfed my cock with her mouth. She worked her tongue around my cock and sucked hard pulling my cock every which way. After 10 minutes, I gasped, "I'm about..." She placed the cup over the head and finished me by jerking me off the rest of the way. I exploded and filled the cup. I heard her softly counting "...thirteen, fourteen, and fifteen." Then I stopped cumming. She let out whistle, "Yep, I need a new form of contraception if this stuff is really potent. Impressive amount." She held up the cup and I saw 20 cc's in the cup. Until now, I never cared how much sperm I sprayed.

My cock was still hard. I grabbed Mother and sat her on my lap. I found out that her pussy was soaking. I ground my cock against her. She gasped, "I need to get this to the Doctor's office in the next 30 minutes. This must wait until later." She got up and moved off to get dressed. She poked her head out of their bedroom door and said, "Get dressed if you are going to watch my exam and learn what happens. It will provide an excellent learning experience for you."
The Doctor's Office

Mother and I walked into the Doctor's office and I sat down in the waiting room. She approached the check-in area. She handed over the paper bag with my seed in it. The Nurse smiled and said, "We will get right on it. Please have a seat and we will call you."

Mother sat beside me and smiled. She picked up a magazine and started to read. It seemed like an hour. The Nurse came to the door and called "Mrs. Adams." Mother rose and motioned for me to follow. The Nurse asked, "Is he coming in?" Mother nodded yes. We stopped while Mother was weighed and had her temperature taken. Then she and I were shown into an Examination room. The Nurse said, "Mrs. Adams you need to disrobe and put on the gown and sit on the table. Son, you need to sit over there." pointing to the corner stool. She left and closed the door.

Mother disrobed, she was naked, and my cock started getting hard. She then put on the gown and then sat on the table. She told me, "Keep your cock in your pants, we'll take care of you later."

The Doctor walked in and said, "Good Morning Mrs. Adams, I see we have a visitor today."

Mother said, "This is my son Ben and I am educating him in what happens at a woman's appointment. Could you explain the exam to him?"

The Doctor replied, "Not a problem. I wish more Mother's would do this for their children it would take care of some of the mystery of the OB/GYN. Now we had a sample that we ran through the LAB. The results are really quite amazing. The sample had to be two samples."

Mother stated, "No just one sample, I took it myself. How potent is it?"

"Well, the sperm count is quite higher then normal. Your husband seems to have increased his output quite a bit. It was 20 cc's and the last count your husband had was only 10 cc's." replied the Doctor. "What has changed in his diet?"

"It is not my husband's sample. It is Ben's sample. I told you that I was educating him this summer." replied my Mother.

"Then, we do need to talk in private after the exam." stated the Doctor.

With that he motioned for me to move closer and he explained the Exam process to me. He inserted a device called a speculum in to Mother's vagina. He manuvered the speculum around and opened Mothers vagina. He the took a swab of her cervix and said they would sent it to the LAB for a PAP Test. I looked and watched the Doctor work on Mother. Then the Doctor removed the speculum and inserted her fingers for an internal Exam. She told me she was feeling the ovaries and the uterus. Then the Doctor asked, "have you been giving yourself breast Exams."

Mother stated, "Yes and could you show Ben how we do that as well?"

The Doctor opened Mother's gown and felt up her breasts for any lumps. Boy, was my cock getting really hard in my pants. The Doctor completed her the Exam and indicated to Mother, "Please get dressed I will be back." The Doctor left the room. Mother asked me, "Please hand me my purse." I thought she was getting a tissue to clean off all of the KY jelly. She reached in and pulled out the diaphragm kit. She loaded up the spermicide and inserted it into her pussy.

"Come over here, and drop your pants." she instructed me. "Now take your cock and fuck me right now!"

I slid into her in one smooth motion. Her pussy was open and ready and slick. I thought I felt her cervix. She explained to me, "most women are nervous with male OB/GYN's since they could be raped this easy. The Stirrups and the position of the woman is perfect for a Doctor to take advantage of the relationship. Now finish before the Doctor returns" I could not believe what Mother was allowing me to do. I was fucking her in a near public place. People were around. It sent me over the top. I exploded my load into her vulnerable vagina. I pulled back up my pants. Mother got dressed. The Doctor returned.

"Please wait here While your Mother and I talk in private."

Mother and the Doctor left to talk. I waited in the Exam Room. After a few minutes Mother returned. She took me to the Doctor's office. As I entered The Doctor motioned me to sit down.

The Doctor said, "Son, your sperm count is so potent you need to make certain to utilize at least a condom, if not the Pill with every young lady you have sex with in the future or you will have the girl in trouble by getting her pregnant. We would like to propose to you to get a collection of your sperm once a week. We will pay you $300 for each sample... You can be a donor for many women so that they can have babies. You are of exceptional potency and the amount of sperm in your semen is very high. You and your Mother should discuss this proposition and let us know. Please make certain you utilize condoms or the girl is on the Pill before intercourse."

Mother and I left the office. I had a new feeling of power. My cock was still hard from watching my Mother's Exam and hearing what the Doctor said about me. Mother waited until we were in the car before speaking. "Ben, I now know how extremely potent you are. We have to be certain of the birth control measures you employ with other females. I will stop at the Store and pick up condoms for you."

"Does this mean I have to use them with you while you are educating me?" I asked.

"I hope you have not made me pregnant with what we have done so far. If I am pregnant I don't know if it would be yours of your father's. You and I will call it your father's if I am already pregnant." She stated. "I will make sure that you know how to use the condoms correctly, meaning we will show you twice. Then I will continue to use the diaphragm until my period. Then I will have to start taking the Birth Control Pill. I can't just stop not having your perfect cock and that vast potent seed you explode with. I will picking up the prescription the Doctor just wrote me for a strong Birth Control Pill."

We stopped at the Store to get a few things. We got back to the house. I went to my room. I wanted to lay down and relax. Mother came in naked in 10 minutes. She tossed me a large box of condoms. "Want to try these?" In her other hand was her diaphragm kit. "Your choice, baby"

I chose the condoms for this time. She placed the kit on the table and told me, "I will teach you how they should be put on" The opened the box of condoms and the opened the package and rolled on my erect cock. She then did not place another load of spemicide inside her pussy. She laid back and motioned me to enter her. As I slid into her I felt less sensation. We rocked back and forth for 30 minutes. Mother was having orgasms I could not feel how wet she was with my cock. I got near and blew my load in the condom.

Mother instructed me to remove the condom with my cock. Then she eased it off me. I was amazed at what she did next. She turned it up and let it run into her mouth and swallowed al of the sperm in the full condom. She exclaimed, "I will never waste your sperm. You will cum in me or I will swallow the seed of my son. I will be right back." She left the room.

She returned to my room and laid down on my bed. She kissed me on the mouth and caressed my manhood. I asked "What did you just do?" Her reply was "I douched to be fresh. Will you lick my clit?"

"Sure, I would love to" I responded. She straddled my face and presented her pussy for my licking. She took hold of the headboard. I started licking her warm pussy paying attention to her entire pussy including her clit. I took it into my mouth and sucked on it. She started to moan and she got wetter as she neared orgasm. As she entered her orgasm I felt her juices flow into my mouth. She climbed off my mouth. She placed a load of spermicide in her pussy. While I rolled another condom on my erection. I then climbed on top of her and slide home in a smooth stroke. She gasped and moaned into her orgasm. I pounded her womb for all it was worth. We did it for 30 minutes. The sensation of the condom was not good for me. I blew my next load into the condom. After a moment I pulled out and she unrolled the condom and gulped down my semen. She then placed her diaphragm in and sucked on my cock. She laid back and asked, "Please fill mommy full again."

"My pleasure", I stated as I slid home. "I prefer the natural feeling of skin on skin. I don't like the feel of condoms at all!"

"Most men do like the feel without a condom", Mother stated flatly. "Now send me to the stars, baby!"

I started pumping my cock into her wet and ready womb. I started slowly. Pausing at the opening and quickly sliding to the bottom and feeling the resistance of her diaphragm as I got to the bottom. I slowly picked up the pace of the thrust and she worked her hips thrust against me. Soon she started her orgasms. They rose and continued to rise and then went one on top of the other. When they rolled on top of each other her eyes rolled back and she seemed to pass out. I kept pounding her pussy for all it was worth. After a while I neared my own orgasm. I blew another 15 spurts of potent semen deep in her pussy. I collapsed on top of her and we lay there recovering.

After 20 minutes I rolled to one side and my cock popped out of her pussy. I then rubbed her nipples and then fingered her pussy. I slid one finger in and felt around. Then I tried 2 fingers. I rubbed the topside of her vagina. She started to moan again. I slid a third finger in and then tried a fourth finger. I felt her diaphragm. She seemed to like all of the movement since she was still having orgasms. I slid deeper. I worked there for a few minutes. She had at least three more orgasms. I then started "French" kissing her deeply. This sent her over the top. She grasped my wrist and pulled more of me into her pussy. I started fisting her deeply. She kept fucking my fist until she passed out. I removed my fist slowly. She seemed to be asleep.

I thought about removing her diaphragm and dumping a load of semen deep in her womb. I wanted to make sure she was pregnant with my child. Then I knew that she and I should talk that over at some length. Still I wanted to drop another load deep in her womb without any protection. Temptation was really tugging on me. My cock was again hard and I started stroking it. I thought about the feeling of her unprotected womb, if I removed the diaphragm. With each stroke I wanted to blow a load deep in her. I sucked on her nipples and stroked her pussy while on my knees and stroking my cock. The better got me, I removed the diaphragm from Mother's vagina. A great amount of liquid came out. I kept finger her and licking and sucking on her nipples, while stroking my cock.

I moved between her legs and eased my cock into her now unprotected womb. I was playing with fire. I kept the thrust slow and built up the thrusting. I knew I might make her pregnant. I really did not care. She was responding with soft moans. I moved deeper and felt her cervix. I knew what I was doing was very dangerous. I was hoping to keep her in a passed out state. I felt every ridge and her pussy was milking me. As I neared my orgasm, Mother was still moaning softly. I knew I could not hold back any longer. I started spurting my potent seed deep into her womb. When I stopped spurting I eased out. I replaced the diaphragm and went top get a drink.

I came back and Mother woke up as I eased back onto the bed.

She asked, "How did you like that session?"

"It was wonderful. When can we do it again?" I replied.

"I've got to go and clean up and douche that last load out," She stated. "Next time just leave the diaphragm out. We will talk about getting me pregnant in the future. We have to get through this period first." She got up and moved to her bathroom.

I thought I had made a very bad mistake. But my education continued the next day.
The next day

When I got up the next day Dad had already left the house for the office. Mother was having tea at the table and my breakfast was waiting for me. I sat down after kissing mother good morning.

Mother started the conversation with, "We need to talk about what protection we plan to take after my period, if I have one this month at all. I really should go on the Pill with the amount of semen you shoot when you reach orgasm."

"Mother, I really want to make you pregnant with my baby making sperm!" was my reply.

"I love the explosion of a man in my womb. However, what will your Dad say when I tell him I am expecting your child?" she asked

"What were your going to tell him this month if you don't have a period?"

"That the diaphragm failed some how and that we are going to have a baby," she said in response.

"You are a beautiful 34 years old mother of a daughter and son. You can get pregnant with my child and tell Dad that he is going to have another mouth to feed. Then afterward you can start taking the Pill, so I wont make you pregnant again. Or I could try to make Cindy your daughter pregnant by raping her."

"You would do that to your own sister, wouldn't you?" she asked. " This is blackmail. Either I let you try to get me pregnant starting next month, or when Cindy returns from her camp you will wait until 2 weeks after the start of her period and the rape her."

"I guess that about describes me, I horny potent male rapist or incest is always best," I replied. "I want to discuss the situation that your Doctor said I might want to get involved with."

"You mean you want to be a sperm donor for other women?" Mother asked.

"I want to get you pregnant, first. Then I want the Doctor to know I made you pregnant. Then I want to become a real Stud and get other women pregnant."

"The Doctor only wants samples of your sperm. He won't let you have sex with the women directly." Mother included.

"He might if he could charge more for it. I want you to let me get you pregnant, to prove how potent I am." I stated.

"Makes sense that if we prove you are potent the Doctor might want you to do both. I will think about it after my period this month, if I have one." Mother stated.

She moved to me and started sucking on my cock with her mouth. She licked the head and kissed the shaft and kissed and sucked my balls. She paid a lot of attention to my cock. It got really hard. Then she went down on it all the way. I knew I could not take much more of it. She swirled her tongue around my cock. It felt wonderful. I told mother, "I'm going to cum real soon. Like now" I started spurting and Mother swallowed all of it.
Ten days later

I woke up this morning and went to breakfast. Mother was sitting at the table since dad had left for work. I sat down after kissing her good morning. I noticed that she was wearing panties today. I asked, "How are you this morning?"

Mother said, "Good news my period started today."

"Mother, I think that's great," was my response. "Have you considered my request? You're still very young and beautiful."

"If we prove to the Doctor how potent you are you might be able to fund your college education with the proceeds," She started off with. "I would be able to get on the Pill afterward and not worry your father with the non-use of the diaphragm or the sudden start of the Pill. I was going to explain that I had to start the Pill as a cure for a problem. However, I am leaning towards letting you give me a baby. I will let you know after my period."
Six days later

I woke-up and went in and took my morning piss. I then went to down to breakfast. I saw Dad had left for work already. I leaned over to kiss Mother good morning. As I was doing so I noticed that she was not wearing panties. I got a good look at her breasts and my cock sprang to attention. I said, "Good morning Mother! I see your period is over."

She stood and removed her nightgown. I embraced her in a passionate hug and deep kiss. She slide my boxer's down. "Son, I want your cock in me now!"

I placed her on the table and moved my cock towards her waiting pussy. She leaned back and presented herself to me. I rubbed my raging cock between her legs and slide the head just inside her pussy. She wrapped her legs around me and pulled me deep into her pussy.

"How does that feel, Baby?" She inquired. "Does it feel any different today?"

"It feels wet and wonderful" was my only response. Then I remembered that the resistance of her diaphragm was not there.

"You are going to get your wish, Baby. I'm not wearing my diaphragm for you," was her response. "Fill me with your potent seed and make me pregnant, Baby!"

This drove me to new heights in passion. I started pounding her pussy with my long cock strokes. I did not feel the resistance of the diaphragm and hopped I would make her pregnant within the month. I knew I could. I felt every ridge of her pussy. Mother stated, " Put the fire out on my womb with your fire hose." She was in a continuous orgasm right when I started blowing my load deep in her womb. I ripped through that orgasm and kept pumping my cock deep in her womb with no rest. We kept at it for the next 30 minutes. Mother moaned every orgasm and then I blew my second load into her pussy while I had her legs draped over my shoulders.

When we both finished we took a pause. I kissed Mother deeply. "That's just a sample of what your are going to get for the next month! You will be so pregnant, that the kid will be born pregnant if it is a girl." What I did not tell her was that I was going to knock up my sister as well.

Her response was, "I know, I know."

We moved to her bed for the next injection.
A week later

I woke up to a blow job. Mother was working on my cock. I knew that dad was already gone for the day. She then moved her pussy to my mouth. I started licking her womanhood. I licked her clit to orgasm. She turned around and placed my throbbing cock in her flowing pussy. I glided into her as she ground her clit against me.

"The next three days are real important towards our goal. This is my most fertile time of the month. Give me all of your loads deep in me." She told me.

I grabbed her and rolled us over and thrust deep into her and stated, "I will give your womb such a cum shower you might be pregnant for the rest of your life." I spread her legs wider and pushed her knees up to her breasts and pounded her pussy for 20 minutes. She was on the verge of passing out from orgasms. I was so close I told her, "This load will knock you up so much." I blew 15 ropes of potent seed into her waiting fertile pussy. I laid deep in her pussy holding my sperm in her so it would not escape. She started moaning in an orgasm, "I know you just made me pregnant!" Her pussy just started to milk ever drop of sperm out of me. I stayed still enjoying the feeling of her pulsing vagina. Then, I just had to stroke in and out because of the milking her pussy was doing to me. When I started to move, the feeling was too much because I blew a second load deep in her womb.

We laid together for a while this time, because when I woke my cock was inside her keeping the semen deep in her. I rolled her on top of me and she started to move her hips wanting more. She rode me for 20 minutes while having orgasms, boy could she have orgasms.

After a few more minutes, I could feel my own orgasm building to a peak. I told her, "I'm ready to cum any time now." That's when she changed positions to where she was squatting over my cock and then she drove my cock deep in her womb. I could feel I was deeper. I felt her cervix rub against the head of my cock and this sent me over the top after 3 deep penetrations. I blew my third load deep in her pussy.

After we caught our breaths we got up and noticed it was 2 PM and we were both hungry. We had lunch and went to my bedroom for a last deposit of the day prior to dad getting home.

Over the next 2 days I gave Mother's womb the cum bath to end all cum baths. We slacked off to twice a day for the rest of the month. Needless to say Mother missed her next period. She was happy about knowing I had made her pregnant.
At the Doctor's Office Two Months later

Mother had made the appointment the prior month. The Doctor wanted to make sure she was pregnant. Mother and I went in for the appointment. The Doctor looked me in the eye and asked if the baby was mine. Mother answered, "He is the only male I have been having unprotected sex with since my last period. With my husband I used my diaphragm."

The Doctor asked, "What was the purpose of getting your Mother pregnant?"

I responded, "I want to be a sperm donor and breeding stud." Mother laughed.

The Doctor asked, "How many times did you all have sex?"

Mother said, "I just could not stop having him filling my womb with sperm each day."

The Doctor indicated, "I need to examine you to see how far along you are with your pregnancy. Please get positioned for me." Mother was already in the gown. She positioned herself on the table. The Doctor found out what Mother meaning about having her pussy filled with my sperm. He responded, "Well, I guess you filled her this morning." He continued his exam of Mother.

After a couple of minutes, the Doctor did a breast and pelvic exam and Mother was still on the table. "Well, Mrs. Adams you seem to be about 3 months pregnant. You will be due in April." Indicated the Doctor. "Son we need to talk about what you propose. I am looking for Sperm Donors to help with my fertility clinic. Mrs. Adams I need some relief from your exam, I seem to have gotten rather aroused."

I heard a zipper being unzipped. The Doctor let his pants drop to the floor and I heard Mother gasp. I moved to the side of the table and watched as the Doctor's cock was entering Mother's waiting pussy. He was not any larger that I was.

Mother stated, "OK Doctor, this time only and only since I cannot get anymore pregnant."

The Doctor said, "I've been wanting to make a deposit in you ever since you started coming to this practice."

With that he crammed the rest of his cock into Mother's vagina. He started quick thrusting movements. I knew he would not last long. In about 5 minutes and prior to Mother having her first orgasm the Doctor blew his load in her already pregnant pussy.

As the Doctor zipped up his pants he said, "We need to talk in my office about the service your son might be able to contribute to this practice."

We moved to his office and he closed the door. The Doctor continued, "Son, I need to know what you can do with only one placement of your sperm in a woman. I need a sample of your semen. I will place it in a woman and see if you get her pregnant. After that, we can see if you will be able to workout in this practice."

"How about I have sex with my 16 year old sister once in mid-cycle and see if she gets pregnant." I responded. I knew I would make two deposits in a single session with my sister. Mother's eyes light up with the thought of her virgin daughter getting pregnant.

The response from the Doctor was a nodding in agreement. He added, "I should examine her just after her next period, Mrs. Adams."

Mother responded, "She will be having one in two weeks. I will make her appointment before I leave."

The Doctor said, "The exam will be an education for her. I will make sure there are no problems."

Mother looked at me and said, "She is a virgin, unless something happened while she was at summer camp. How are you going to get her to have sex with you?"

"The easiest way, walk in on her while she is changing clothes and rape her!" I indicated.

"That happens more than you think, Mrs. Adams", the Doctor stated. "Sister's are often raped by their brother's at least once. Incest happens more then you think. Nice plan son, you only get one time to prove your potential to my practice. I expect to see her the following month after she is pregnant."
Sister's rape

About 2 weeks later mother took Cindy to the OB/GYN for her first exam. Mother told me later that Cindy was a virgin and that the Doctor gave her a clean bill of health. She then told me to make the calendar as today was the start of Cindy's period. Mother and I were still having sex each day.

Twelve days later, Mother was going to make breakfast and stuck her head in my room. "Your Dad's already left for work. Cindy's in the shower. She is on a 28 day cycle. Today should be the best day. Are you going to do it?" I nodded my head and stroked my cock in front of her. She said, "I will be downstairs fixing your breakfast. I would recommend you do your normal morning things with the stereo" With that she left the room.

I turned on the stereo on like always. I then heard the shower stop. I moved to Cindy's door down the hall. I paused and listened and heard her open the dresser drawer and then the bedsprings. I opened the door quietly and moved in. Cindy looked up and shrieked. I moved quickly and pinned her back to the bed. She had a leg in her panties and nothing else on.

I told her, "Cindy, I have wanted to fuck you since you got back from camp. I know you did the guy's there. I want to do you too."

Cindy screamed, "I did nothing with the guy's at camp. The Doctor told me I was still a virgin. I'm saving myself for marriage. I'm not on the pill! Get off me now!"

I held her there and poised my cock at her virgin opening. Pressing forward I felt my cock slip in the opening and the about 2 inches in it met her maidenhead. She was kicking and screaming and caused my cock to go deeper in her. I took her all the way then. I then stopped and held her down. I looked at her and said, "I'm going to have sex with you today and when I cum I will not pull out. I will put the whole load deep in your womanhood."

"You will make me pregnant! I have no birth control! Please pull out!" Cindy cried.

I started to pump slow strokes an inch or two at a time. This was so I could keep her from getting away. After about 5 minutes she seemed to relax and was moving with me. I then opened up and started stroking in longer and longer strokes. After 10 more minutes Cindy came, it was small. I kept the motion up and told her that I was nearing my goal.

Cindy pleaded, "Please, don't cum in me. I'm not protected from pregnancy!"

"Cindy, here it cum's. Count the number of spurts, baby." as I started blowing my load. I spurted 15 ropes of potent seed into her womb. I held my cock deep in her stretched womb. I pinned her shoulders to the bed. Her pussy was pulsing and grasping my cock as I held her down on the bed.

Cindy tried to get up. "I need to get your sperm out of me so I won't get pregnant!"

"Your pussy is saying for me to keep my cock planted right where it is, Cindy! I think you stand a good chance being pregnant today We should stay here for 15 minutes." I told her.

After about 10 minutes she started fucking me. She begged, "Please, get off me! Mother is downstairs I won't tell her if you get off me now!" Her body was telling me the real truth. I flexed my cock deep in her womb. She kept up the pelvic thrust back against me now thrusting motion. She even drew her legs wider opening her pussy as wide as it would go. We got into a ball slapping motion in quick time. We rutted like animals. After 20 minutes I blew my second load deep in her womb. I held her there on the bed, while she was having orgasms, for about 10 minutes. I pulled out of her with a pop. She lay there as I left the room.

I walked naked downstairs to the breakfast table. Mother looked at me and saw the cum on my cock. "I will be right back, son." Mother started to leave the table and I grabbed her. I sat her down on my lap and kissed her deeply while I rubbed her nipples, growing belly and pussy.

"I just knocked-up my sister. Let her be for a minute. You need to taste my cock now."

Mother got to her knees and slipped my cock in her mouth. She swirled her tongue around my cock and breathed life back into it. She kept up the blow job until I had a raging hard-on. She then climbed on my cock and slid it into her warm ready pussy. We kissed for a while.

"I fucked her so deep that she will not get all of my seed out of her, no matter what she does." I told Mother as we broke the kiss. "You have not taught her how to douche yet have you? I kept her on the bed for at least 20 minutes with my cock plugging her womb. She will be leaking cum for a day."

Mother gasped, "I know what that is like. I hear her coming. Maybe we should stop."

"No, let her see who got you pregnant this time." I told her. I pulled off her nightgown and dropped it to the floor. I then started licking her growing breasts and sucking on her larger nipples. Then, I moved her to the table and started pounding her warm wet pussy for all its worth.

Cindy screamed, "Mother, he just raped me. Now he is raping you... "

"Cindy, your brother has the best cock I ever have had. He has more potent seed than any man I've had. He is the father of the baby in me. He will be the father of the baby you might have growing you right now." Mother told her daughter. "Sit down and watch him at work. He enjoys the pleasures so much."

I was in a long stroking motion and just about ready to blow my load. Mother was watching her daughter watching me pound her with my cock. I thought the sight was wonderful. I leaned back and started pumping and counting and I made my deposit deep in Mother.

Mother said, "Yep, 15 spurts son. That is the number of spurts of seed your brother leaves deep with each of his orgasms. Now come between my legs and look at my used pussy Cindy. You need to see just how much that is in me. Sit in that chair and cup your hands next to my vagina opening. "

Cindy moved to the chair between Mother's legs and sat. She watched as Mother expelled as much of my sperm as she could. The size of the puddle in Cindy's hands was over flowing for just one hand. Cindy just looked at it flow out of Mother.

"Cindy, your brother left at least that amount in your womb. He was trying to make you pregnant. The reason is simple. If you catch, become pregnant, He will start working for the OB/GYN we go to. He will be able to pay for your college and his as well." Mother stated.

"Mother, It is wrong to just take what is not his. He raped me. He raped you. He got you pregnant. What will Dad say?" Cindy stated.

"Dad will not know. You will not tell anyone anything!" Mother ordered. "The Doctor, You, Tim, and I will be the only people that know about this. We keep it here period."

I smiled. "Cindy, here's the deal. I will not touch you again, unless you want me to. Not willing to make the deal. I will take you any time the opportunity presents itself... Mother and I will confirm any story you want other than the truth. You want to tell that you were raped anywhere we will back you up. Mother is happy with my service, you might enjoy further service from me in the upcoming months. I'm here for you too."

"Cindy, you need to understand that he is offering you a lot of pleasure in the future. I've been educating him most of the summer. He is real good and lasts a long time. He is willing to keep both of us happy. Let's work something out. I'll raise the child." Mother said.

"You are telling me that was the idea to rape me once and hope to get me pregnant?" Cindy asked. Mother explained, "Our OB/GYN has tested Tim's sperm. The Doctor stated that it was the most potent sperm he has seen. The amount of fluid is not average. It is well above average. There are women who have husbands that don't produce enough good sperm and can't get pregnant. The Doctor knows Tim is the father of this baby. The Doctor needed to know that Tim could get a normal woman pregnant with a single servicing. You know like a breeder. If you are pregnant we have that proof. You carry the baby to term and I will raise the baby. You can go on with your life and Tim will educate you and the child. Deal?"

"OK," Cindy said. "Tim, you will not touch me again, unless I want it, Right?"

"That's the deal. Unless you want me to pleasure you I won't. One other thing is you can't just go out and get any to screw you until we know you are pregnant. No dates until you either have your period or not." Tim stated.

"You will not try again, just to make sure?" asked Cindy.

"No. I will keep Mother busy."

"Cindy, when is your next period?" asked Mother.

"A couple of weeks. It seems to have been about 2 two weeks since my last one."

"OK, then we will find out then. Now let me see that load of Tim's. We have to do something with it."

I thought to myself that the two loads already in Cindy would be enough. Cindy and Mother did not know just how many I deposited in Cindy. I was happy to have completed my goal of having both Mother and Cindy. I knew Cindy might want more of me with Mother's help. I knew I could get Mother to have sex in front of Cindy. I knew it would only be time.

"Cindy, don't let of that wonderful sperm drop. We could put more in you. The Doctor only wanted a single load in you. Let me have it." With that Mother swallowed what was in Cindy's hands.
Over two weeks later

I came down to breakfast and both Mother and Cindy were eating. I sat down after kissing Mother good morning. "What are the plans for today?" I asked.

"Well, Cindy and I have to go to the Doctor. It seems that she is two days late and we did a pregnancy test this morning and the rabbit died. Cindy must have gotten raped in the last month." replied Mother in an off-hand comment.

I smiled at Mother and Cindy. Cindy glared at me. "When is the appointment, Mother, seems I just got real horny."

Mother and I left the table and went to my room, leaving the door open. Once there I stripped off Mother's nightgown and started kissing her deeply. I sucked her nipples and worked my way down her belly to her waiting pussy. I licked and sucked her wonderful pussy until she pleaded with me, "I have to have your cock in me right now, my pussy's so hot."

I moved into position and slid my cock into her in a smooth motion. I knew I was going to have a child with her and after that more children with her. I knew she was my sex slave. Now to get my sister as my sex slave as well.

While I pumped my cock deep into Mother a heard a noise outside my door, maybe Cindy was watching. I continued to pump my cock in and out of Mother for 10 minutes. I was driven with the thought of Cindy watching and soon blew my load deep in Mother. She had so many orgasms, I thought she might pass out. Since she became pregnant, Mother's pussy was getting wetter, when we had sex. Her breasts were getting larger and the nipples were getting darker and larger making them really nice to suck and lick.

She got up from my bed and said, "I need to get Cindy to the Doctor for her appointment. We will finish this later." She walked out the door to her room dripping cum from her pussy. She was having a slight problem walking as well. I sat on my bed making plans for later that day, with Mother. I had four days earlier turned 15 years of age. Things were going great from my standpoint. I was having great sex with my Mother. I had gotten her pregnant. I had had sex with my sister, who was a duplicate image of my Mother. I had gotten my sister pregnant with a single session of sex. The Doctor was going to enlist my services for having sex with different women, many of whom I would never see again. Life was wonderful!

I heard Mother and Cindy saying good-bye and then heard the Car leave the driveway. I took time for myself. I got up and took a long shower and relaxed around the house until Mother returned.
Your opinion is important:
Share with the others what you think about
"Education from Mother"
     
Switch to Expanded voting form
The End
Posted: 1999-07-01
Home | Top | John Doelman's Page |
