Elaine
by falcon29
Copyright© 2010 by falcon29

I was born at the tail end of the boomer generation. My family consisted of my parents and two older brothers and an older sister. Then there was me. The closest in age to me was my sister and she had four years on me. Because of the difference in ages between me and my siblings I spent a lot of time alone -- especially after my sister hit puberty and started dating.

One summer day when my parents and brothers were at work, my sister was out in the back yard 'suntanning' with a couple of her friends. I was eight at the time and had only vague ideas about sex. I 'knew' (because I'd been told) that nobody was supposed to see other people naked after a certain age. I wasn't sure why, but that's what I'd been taught. So it kind of excited me to watch my sister and her friends in the yard from behind the curtains of my room. They weren't naked, but the bikini was the newest thing in swimwear and they all wore them. It was like seeing them in their undies so I watched them for a while. Even at eight, my little pencil sized cock would get stiff sometimes and it felt good to 'play with it', but nothing like that happened as I watched my sister and friends that day.

They didn't do anything but lie there, talking and giggling though, so it soon bored me. I decided to indulge one of my favorite pleasures: poking through my brothers' closet. They shared a room in those days so they also shared a closet. As one might imagine, the closet of two teenage boys (14 and 16) held some interesting items sometimes. I'd found magazines, tame by today's standards, but they showed naked tits and butts of glamorous women, so I knew they were contraband. Of course, the fact that I only found them buried under a bunch of other stuff was a big clue, too.

The day I was writing about changed my life a lot. In my delving, I uncovered a little paperback cartoon book. It was full of nudist cartoons. I'd never heard the words 'nude' or 'nudist' in my life, but I was smart enough to figure them out. The cartoons were funny, even to me, but they were chiefly based on the nudist nature of the people in them. I was amazed to learn that there were places called 'nudist colonies' where everybody went naked all the time. Ideas take deep root in young minds. From that day on I was fascinated with nudity. I made a point of looking all the nude words up in our big dictionary and became an eight year old authority on the subject.

On weekends I was always the first one awake in our house, especially after we got a television set (when I was seven!). I was eager to get up early so I could watch the cartoons before my dad rose and flipped the channel to some stupid football game -- or baseball. There didn't seem to be any other sports on TV back then except for professional wrestling on Saturday nights.

After learning about nudity I started experimenting early mornings in our back yard. We lived in New Mexico at the time and our yard was surrounded by a cinder block wall. There were poplar trees along the back wall and a couple of other trees in the middle of the grass. I found a place where I could be unobserved from any of the rear windows of our house -- one of them was my room anyway -- where I could strip off my shorts and let the early sun shine on my naked body. It felt really good and not for the first time did I wonder why it was so wrong to go naked.

Okay. Flash forward about three years. We had moved to Washington State and I'd learned a lot more about sex and enjoyed 'playing with' me growing cock a lot more. I still found time and space in which I could feel safe about stripping to my skin and simply relaxing -- even if I didn't get stiff and play around. One day I was out in this shed that was on our property. My oldest brother had made it into a kind of studio, since he was artistically inclined. But he was away in college so nobody but me ever really went out there. He had strung up my dad's old Navy hammock in the shed and the rough canvas felt strangely good on my naked skin.

One sunny day I was out there and, instead of lying in it and relaxing, I straddled it and my dick and balls fell between the edges of the hammock. It felt great! As I rocked back and forth the bottom of the canvas started rubbing my stiff cock. Suddenly I felt a throbbing and an overwhelming -- even painful -- sensation that ran through me like electricity. At first I was afraid I'd broken something, but a few minutes later everything felt normal again so I relaxed. A little while later I realized I had experienced my first ever orgasm. Since I was a young healthy male, after that I couldn't get enough of it. A month or so after that first time I started having to be ready to clean up afterward because I had started producing semen and sperm.

We moved to a place near a small town at the foot of Mt. Rainier the spring before I turned fifteen. There was a lot of logging around there. (If my mom thought the move would remove me from temptation and danger, she must have forgotten how country boys and girls act. She didn't have a clue about life in logging communities, either. But that's another story.) Since both of my parents worked in the city still, and the I-5 freeway hadn't yet been built, they had to drive 90 miles round trip every day on a four lane highway. To my mom it was worth the two hour trip each way to get me away from all the city juvenile delinquents. My dad didn't say so out loud, at least that I heard, but he was less enchanted with the drive. Twelve hours out of the day for eight hours pay didn't really make sense to him, but my mom got her way as usual.

We had stumbled on a good deal with the house we rented there. An absentee owner of 240 acres needed somebody to live in the little house there (about ten miles out of the small town where I'd be going to school that fall) and keep an eye on the property, two horses and several head of cattle he kept there. I got paid to keep the cows' water tank full. The rent was cheap, the air was clean and the land was beautiful. Most of the acreage had been left alone, so we had a lot of wooded area. I was pissed off that the few friends I had lived so far away in the city, but I liked being there, too. I had no idea how close the nearest neighbor was, but with nearly 240 acres of second growth forest around me, it didn't really matter that much once I got used to it. The whole property was fenced and the house was fenced off from the rest to keep the stock away.

It was May and everything was in bloom. I had spent so much of my life living alone in my head anyway that the freedom of being alone was, in fact, great. The weather was warm. When my parents drove down the long driveway and through the gate I was on my own. The first couple of weeks were great. I spent my days hiking over the property. I kept the cattle watered, but the horses were half wild. While they would suffer me to approach them if I had carrots or an apple or two (from our trees near the house), there was no way I could have ridden them. If one had let me mount at all, I'd have been on my ass in seconds, since I was not really a horseman. I'd ridden before, but I was not skilled. I was no cowboy.

I found a beautiful little meadow in the middle of the trees that covered most of the acreage. Part of it was a mud bog, but there was a wide stretch of mossy ground next to a fair sized stream that crossed the entire property. Well, it only took a couple of minutes before I was imitating those nudists I'd seen so long before in that cartoon book, lying naked on the moss with the warm spring sun shining down on me. I can't express how good that felt. If you've never tried it you can't understand. If you have, no explanation is necessary. I spent a lot of time there naked as spring turned toward summer, even bringing my fishing pole to catch the trout in the stream. It felt great to stand in the shallows naked, casting my lure into the current. It was all very idyllic.

I said, "the first couple of weeks were great". Then my mother's worrying streak took over. A former high school girlfriend of my sister's had found herself in a difficult situation. She also had married, but her husband was out of work that year. When my mom heard about it, she invited them to stay with us (there was a detached building that could be used as a kind of bunkhouse) and 'keep an eye on me' during the week while my parents were at work. They moved in the first week in June.

I liked Elaine (she had great tits!), but Curt, her husband, turned out to be an asshole. When my parents were around he was the picture of a good husband. When it was just the three of us, he treated her like shit. To him I was just a kid and mostly beneath his notice. If he stayed at 'the ranch' (as we called the place) during the day, he slept late and expected Elaine to wait on him. Many days he would get in their car and leave, supposedly to look for work in the city. Those afternoons he would come home, belligerent and smelling like a brewery, just before my parents got home.

One day he got the idea that he would ride one of the horses. There were a couple of bridles in the barn. Taking one of them and a rope, he managed to get the mare in tow (the stallion almost trampled him so he gave up on him) and got the bridle on her. Elaine and I watched as he vaulted onto her back. We were still watching when she ran around bucking. I was impressed that he managed to keep his seat until she stopped bucking. She was still unhappy having him on top of her, however. Riding bareback he had to hold on with his legs and feet. But he made things worse by digging his heels into her belly and yelling at her to gallop. She tried to bite him, but he swatted her with the reins.

Finally, she did as he asked and took off. But there was no way he could control her. He learned it the hard way when she scraped him off violently against the corral fence. Curt lay groaning in the dust and horse shit while the mare galloped off merrily. At first Elaine and I laughed. When we realized that Curt was hurt pretty badly, we stopped laughing and Elaine started crying. I still laughed inside, though. I knew the prick had gotten only what he deserved. Elaine raced to town with Curt lying whining in the back seat. I stayed home, thankfully alone again, if only for a few hours.

It was a good thing I stayed behind, too. The town doctor (yes, there was only one) told Elaine he couldn't help Curt. He sent her to the closest hospital in the city. I explained everything to my parents when they came home that night. Elaine called just before they got home and told me Curt had three compound fractures in one leg and a simple break in the other one. He'd be in the hospital for several weeks.

Elaine stayed at her parents' that night in town. The next morning, after visiting Curt at the hospital, she came back out to the ranch. Her mood was cloudy and unhappy. I thought she was just worried about Curt and the hospital bills. The next day I learned that it was more than that.

My parents went off to work the next morning and a couple of hours later Elaine came in from their 'bunkhouse'. Her eyes were red and she kept sniffing. Even to a fourteen year old boy it was obvious that she had been crying. Being inexperienced in those things, I was unsure what to do. So I didn't do anything except try to be extra nice to her. We spent a few hours watching TV in relative silence. I reheated the morning coffee and served her a cup, refilling it once before the pot was empty.

Just before her soap operas came on she fixed me a sandwich and fell into tears while she was spreading the mustard. I asked her what was wrong. Now, I had known Elaine for about three years longer than her husband had at that point. I'd always gotten along with her and had also always had a crush on her, just as I had with most of my sister's girlfriends from school.

She wasn't very smart (look who she married, for God's sake) and she wasn't beautiful, or even conventionally pretty. She was what I thought of as 'cute', though. She had short brown hair that looked like she spent little time brushing. She did, however, have a nice round pair of tits and a nice round pair of nicely rounded ass cheeks which she liked to dress in tight jeans. I think it was watching her ass that set my lifetime standards for women's asses. Like I said, early ideas take deep root in young minds. Anyway, I thought she was sexy.

When she didn't answer but still her tears fell, I walked into the kitchen and took the knife out of her hand. I put it on the counter and pulled her by the hand to the couch. When she sat down and put her face in her hands I sat across the room from her in my dad's chair. She finally got herself under control and looked at me. She gave a little embarrassed laugh and shook her head.

"It's Curt, Danny. He's just so..." Again she shook her head and struggled for the right word.

"He's just such an asshole," I said for her. She looked at me and laughed out loud. It must have set her loose. She told me that he told her not to come to the hospital every day.

"He said I was a stupid bitch and having me sitting in his room was stupid. I told him it was just because I loved him and wanted to be there for him." She threatened to cloud over again so I urged her to go on. She blew her nose and sniffed. "He said he would call me if he needed anything. Otherwise I could just stay out here." She hesitated a second before she went on. "You know how hard it was for us to get him into the car?" I nodded. "He cussed me out for hurting him worse. He said we were the ones who made his leg worse."

"Elaine, that is such bullshit! He's really an asshole. I don't know why you waste your time with him." I know it was mostly jealousy on my part, but it was also the truth. "He treats you like a dog -- no, worse than a dog. I love Lobo more than he loves you." Lobo was my big shepherd mix mutt. When I said it, Lobo was sitting beside me, his tongue lolling out and enjoying the scratching I was giving his ears.

Elaine didn't say anything for a while. She gazed at Lobo's pleasure and smiled - kind of sadly, I thought. I got up to finish making my sandwich and she watched the soaps. After I ate I told her I was going out for a while. Before I left Elaine gave me a tight hug, pressing my face deep between her big tits. My dick got stiff and I made a hasty retreat before she noticed it. Lobo and I made our way to 'my meadow' and I sat on the bank of the stream, tossing pebbles in and thinking dark thoughts about Curt. I also thought wonderful, sexy thoughts about Elaine. By the age of fourteen I knew a lot more about sex than I had at seven. I knew exactly where my stiff cock was supposed to go, though of course I hadn't had the pleasure yet.

For three days Elaine called the hospital in the morning to talk to Curt and see how he was. The fourth day he asked her to bring him some more magazines and books. She asked me if I wanted to ride along so I went with her. We stopped in South Tacoma at a King's drive-in where she bought me lunch. We talked and laughed while we ate. Several times she put her hand on my arm while she told me some of the stories about the things she and my sister had done in school. I guess she forgot who she was talking to, and how young I was. She accidentally let the cat out of the bag about the night my sister had sex for the first time. When she realized what she was telling me she blushed and pleaded with me not to say anything to anybody. I promised. In my mind, sharing that secret brought us closer.

All of this swirled together in my mind and I got brave and asked her when she had sex the first time. She blushed and looked at me with big eyes. It was the closest she ever came to looking pretty up to that point. But she told me. It had been her freshman year in high school and her boyfriend was a football player. She laughed and said he was pretty clumsy. I marveled that I'd had the balls to ask her, or that she told me at all. Of course by then I'd had an erection for around fifteen minutes and it was really uncomfortable, especially since I couldn't adjust it without her realizing what I was doing. By the time our burgers were gone so was my hard on.

I waited in the hospital lobby while Elaine took Curt's stuff upstairs to him. He got what he asked for and basically kicked her out of the room without much delay. She was back to get me in about ten minutes. She managed to wait until we were in the car before she collapsed in tears again. This time I put my hand on her shoulder and she leaned into me. I put my arms around her with pictures of Curt being crushed under the stallion's hooves in my mind. I was in love with Elaine.

Back at the ranch Elaine said she was going out to the bunkhouse for a nap. I told her she could use the couch because I was going fishing. She hugged me and even kissed my cheek as she thanked me for my support and my company. As 'Bo and I wound our way through the trees to the meadow, that spot on my cheek stayed warm and tingly. I didn't really feel any of the ups and downs of the trail because my feet weren't really touching the ground.

I didn't fish that day. I stripped off my clothes and let the damp moss tickle my ass and back while my eyes clenched and my hand flew up and down on my dick. In the course of the next hour I brought myself off three times. By then my dick was almost raw so I had to stop, but it stayed hard. I waded into the stream and the cold water finally made me shrink. I stayed in there until I ached all over, especially in my chest - where my heart is.

I finally got out and lay back in the moss again. I wasn't horny any more, but I was filled with a kind of sadness for something that could never be. The sun was warm and dried me off. I fell asleep for a while. When I woke up the sun was almost down. I was disoriented for a second before I remembered. I hurried to get dressed and went back through the woods to the house. I didn't know what time it was but I knew it was late afternoon at least. There was no sign of our cars in the driveway, only Elaine's, so I knew my parents weren't home yet. I leaned my pole in the corner on the porch where I kept it and went into the house.

I smelled food. Elaine was in the kitchen. She had changed clothes and the sundress she wore was yellow with green and blue flowers around the neck and hem. It was sleeveless with a square neck line and held by two straps. Her bare arms and upper chest excited me. She was peeling potatoes and looked up at me with a smile. I realized she had fixed her hair. At least she had brushed it.

"I was just about to call out the Mounties. You were gone a long time."

"I, uh, I fell asleep for a while. I guess I was just tired." I blushed as I recalled what I'd done first. My dick still hurt.

"Wow, you'll have to show me where you go. It must be peaceful if you went to sleep. I had a nice nap and a hot bath too." She came and sat next to me on the couch. "Anyway, we'll have to keep ourselves company tonight. Your folks called and they won't be home until later. They're having dinner with friends in town. So I put a small roast in the oven and we'll have potatoes and gravy with it. Sound good?"

"Sounds great! All of it (mostly the part that I'd have her all to myself for the evening). How soon is dinner?" I couldn't have been happier.

"About an hour. We can play cards or something if you want to." I wanted to do a lot more -- and not play cards -- but I didn't have any illusions. She was the same age as my sister - almost twenty. She was grown up (or so it seemed to me when I was fourteen) -- and married. She could, and did, legally spread her legs for that dipshit, Curt, any night of the week.

"I think I need a shower before dinner. Maybe we can play something after we eat," I said.

"Okay, that sounds good. You go ahead. My bath felt great."

In the shower I considered jerking off again. Elaine was just on the other side of the door; less than thirty feet away. I thought about the way her arms and neck looked in the sundress. My dick got hard but a few strokes with a sudsy hand made it sting so I quit. When I finished washing and rinsing I was still hard so I turned the water to cool and waited until my erection mostly disappeared.

I wrapped a towel around my waist and opened the door. Elaine stood in the hallway, her hand raised to knock. We were both startled and we jumped. I was embarrassed, too. For all my daydreaming, I was shy about her seeing me with only a towel on. Besides that, her eyes went to my groin for a flash before she looked back up at me. Her cheeks turned as red as mine felt. "Uh, dinner is about half an hour away. I was coming to tell you." She grinned and added, "Also, I have to pee, so I'm glad you're finished. Otherwise I'd have had to come in and do it while you were in the shower - or else go squat outside" We laughed, but my imagination caused my dick to start to harden again. She edged past me and closed the door in my face. I just stood outside the thin door until I could hear her piss hitting the water in the bowl. My dick stirred again under the towel.

In my room I took off the towel and stretched out on the bed naked. I heard the toilet flush and the sound of Elaine leaving the bathroom. I silently wished she would turn left and come to my room but her footsteps told me she had turned right and was going back to the living room. I put on a pair of loose fitting pajama pants and a tee shirt.

The aroma of the beef filled the living room and kitchen. I went out there and asked Elaine if there was anything I could do. "Yeah, you can mash the potatoes if you want to, while I make the gravy."

I got out the manual masher and went to the refrigerator for the milk and butter. The potatoes were bubbling on the stove. My shoulder brushed Elaine's when I picked up the pot and she said, "Excuse me."

"Sorry," I said. But it had felt good. Her arm was warmer than mine. I turned to the sink and drained the potatoes. I was standing next to the sink, the pot on the counter and the masher in my hand. I was smashing them really well before adding the other stuff. Elaine came over and rested a hand on my shoulder when she reached up into the cupboard for plates. The low neck of her dress bagged open and I caught sight of her entire left breast with its cherry colored nipple (confirming my suspicion that she was braless under the dress) before she stood back down. She smiled at me and her hand squeezed my shoulder before she turned away.

My mind reeled. Was she sending 'signals'? To me? I shook my head. It couldn't be true. I sprinkled salt and pepper into the potatoes along with a splash of milk and a slab of butter. Then I really went to work on them. By the time I was finished the potatoes were fluffy and redolent of butter. I stuck another slab in the middle of the pile, just the way my mom always did. I saw that Elaine had set the table and had put the roast on it too. So I stuck a serving spoon in the potatoes and carried the pot to the table and set it on the hot pad next to the platter of meat and the gravy boat. Then I was sorry I hadn't put the potatoes in a bowl instead of using the pot. Most nights we all just filled our plates at the stove.

But when Elaine set the pot with the corn in it on another pad, I decided it was no big deal. She had set our places side by side on one long side of the table and she took my hand and pulled me around to my chair. I pulled hers out and she smiled at me. "Thank you, Sir," she said in a formal voice as she sat down. I caught another glimpse down her dress as I helped her scoot in.

I sat next to her and we ate. It always amazes me that a meal that takes hours to prepare is usually demolished in the space of fifteen or twenty minutes. I leaned back in my chair and sighed. Elaine looked at me and laughed. She patted my bulging belly and suggested I retire to the living room while she did the dishes. I insisted on helping her since I wanted to. I also figured I might get another flash since she had to bend down to load the dishwasher.

We worked in silence and as she was putting the last of the silverware into the tub I was in position. Her dress fell open and there they were. I thought she was taking a long time and when I looked up she was looking at me and smiling. She knew. Not only did she know; she had been doing it on purpose! She poured the soap in and closed the dishwasher door. She turned the knob and it whirred to life. I stood rooted to the floor in astonishment.

Elaine took my hand and led the way down the hall to my room. She pulled my shirt over my head and stepped close. Her arms went around me and she kissed the side of my neck. I felt like I was melting and my cock tried to stand up straight. It was hindered, first by my pants, and then by Elaine's warm thighs. She put her mouth to my ear and whispered. "Have you ever had sex, Danny?" Her hot breath and the scent of her skin made me dizzy. I couldn't speak. I just shook my head no.

She stepped back then and pulled her dress up, up, and up. Her legs came into view and then her naked hips. Her crotch was thick with curly brown hair, just a shade darker than the hair on her head. Her belly was next, and it bulged just a little bit. When the dress went up and off, her breasts stood out proud and I saw that the nipples were hard. She dropped the dress and held out her arms to me. I stepped forward, but then she backed us up to the bed and gently shoved me to my back. Her hands went to the elastic waistband of my pants.

I wordlessly raised my hips up and she tugged the pants down and off. For the first time in my life I was in the same room naked with an equally -- and spectacularly, I thought -- naked woman. She crawled next to me and turned my head toward her. "I'll bet you've kissed a lot of girls, though, haven't you?" Her breath was the same as mine, I guessed, but it wasn't unpleasant to smell. I felt my cheeks go hot again.

I had to clear my throat to answer her. "I've kissed some, yeah". My voice was still hoarse. Her hand had moved to my shoulder and she was rubbing it and down my arm. She lowered her lips to mine and we kissed. It was just a light touching. She pulled back and grinned.

"Did you kiss them like that?" she asked.

"Sometimes," I admitted. She did it again, but pressed harder that time. Then I felt the liquid wetness of her tongue on my lips. I eagerly opened my mouth and her tongue entered. That kiss was a lot longer. During it, her hand traveled again. She took hold of my cock and squeezed it. I groaned into her mouth and she sighed back. Her hand stroked me lightly. I was afraid I'd explode right then, but she removed her hand. She broke the kiss. I was still sore from beating off, but I ignored the pain.

"That was nice, wasn't it? You're a pretty good kisser, you know."

"A girl said that to me once." It was the occasion of getting my first feel of bare tit. I would never forget the look on Diane's face when it happened. But that's another -- and much less exciting story.

"Well she was right." Elaine kissed me again, her hands on either side of my head. It went on and on. Her tits were heavy on my chest, heavy and warm. My cock was harder than it had ever been. She slid her hand down and wrapped her fingers around it again. I suddenly - and embarrassingly - popped, spraying cum all over my belly and Elaine's hand. It squirted so hard that one glob landed on my shoulder.

The surprise orgasm made Elaine break the kiss. She smiled down at me and just breathed, "Wow!" She saw the creamy drop on my shoulder and leaned forward to lick it off. My eyes bugged out and I shivered. "That was cool! I've never made a guy cum just by kissing him before!" She added. Her enjoyment was so clear that I stopped being embarrassed, especially since she sat up to lick all the semen from her hand. Then she bent to clean my belly and sucked on my cock. I was in heaven, but eager for the next step.

Before I had a chance to climax again she released my cock and rose over me. When she lowered her center to mine her heat felt incredible. My cock disappeared in the tangle of her curly hairs and she leaned forward again. "Usually we'd start with other things but I think I want to feel this precious dick inside me right away." Elaine reached between us and raised my slim erection to a vertical position. Her pussy swallowed me in one thrust. My breath escaped in a gust. 'I'm inside a woman! I'm inside a woman!' The words echoed in my brain over and over.

The feeling was incredibly hot. I thought nothing could feel better. Then she began to rise and lower herself on me. The pleasurable feelings grew geometrically. I spurted again, but she seemed not to notice. I stayed hard, anyway. She kept fucking herself with my cock. She had her eyes closed for a few minutes but then they opened and she took my hands and put them on her tits. They were heavy globes about the size of large grapefruits and the nipples were as hard as little pebbles. She gasped and told me to pinch the nipples.

When I did she gave a shudder and I felt her pussy tighten around me. I pinched harder. She gasped and her eyes popped open. She looked almost mad but her body said she wasn't. She rocked back and forth and her breathing turned into panting. "Suck them!" she yelled. "Bite my nipples, Danny!" She leaned down to bring them to my mouth. I sucked and nibbled but she urged me on, wanting me to bite harder. I did, feeling like it must hurt, but she just moved faster. She was leaking fluids - mine and hers - all over my groin and hips.

When I thought that if I bit any harder I would draw blood, Elaine let out a scream and she froze. The muscles inside her clamped tight on me and I throbbed again deep into her. She fell on top of me, breathing hard. It felt good, in a way, but it was also hard to breathe. "Uh, Elaine... ?" I gasped. She raised her head and gave me a funny embarrassed kind of smile, kind of like she had just woken up. She was blushing, too. Later I would come to know that as a post-orgasmic smile. I've seen lots of them since that night.

She lifted her torso up and sat on me, my cock still inside her. The stinging pain I had felt earlier in the day returned now with a vengeance. My dick was swimming in what amounted to a saltwater bath and it felt like fire. "I hate to say it but you have to get off," I told her.

She let me slip out and she rolled to the side. "I'm sorry; I guess I didn't realize how heavy I was."

"No, it's not that. It felt great, but it stings." I used my pajama pants to wrap around my cock. The stinging started to abate.

"It shouldn't sting, Danny. Let me see." She turned from lover to nursemaid, even though the affected part was so intimate. "Oh, you have little cuts under the head." She looked up at me. "Were you telling the truth about never doing this before?" I assured her I had been honest. Then I blushed again.

"It's just that ... well; I beat off a bunch of times today. It just got worn raw, I guess."

She looked at my dick again and smiled. "You mean you really didn't go fishing this afternoon?" She looked like she had actually caught me masturbating. I guess in a way she had.

"I went up to my meadow and got naked and beat off. Then I fell asleep for a while. "Somehow, telling her -- after what had just happened -- didn't seem so hard. And I realized I wasn't embarrassed at all about telling her.

She got off the bed telling me to wait right there. Her beautiful round butt swayed as she walked out of the room. She came back with a washcloth and a towel. The cloth was wet and warm. It hurt at first, but she was gentle as she washed me off and patted me dry. She left the towel wrapped around me. I had started to get hard again. God, I wish I could have that kind of recovery time these days!

We lay naked together a long time. Elaine let me explore her body. Rolling to her back, she asked me to lick her pussy. When I objected, she reminded me how she had licked all of my semen up earlier. I finally gave in and lowered myself between her thick warm thighs. It wasn't too bad, and it got decidedly better as I kept at it. Her tissues were so hot, slick and smooth! I saw that some of our juices had dripped lower; into her ass crack. She had her knees raised so I could see her butt hole. Our cream was dripping across it. I didn't think about it, I just dropped lower and slurped it up, my tongue grazing across the puckered hole. Elaine jumped but she asked me to do it again.

I did it again and she groaned. Since she liked it I kept it up. She told me to push my tongue into her ass. I did, the taste was just kind of tangy. There was no shit smell. She shivered when I did to her ass what she asked -- I pushed my tongue into her and pulled it almost out again. While I did that she put her fingers down at the top of her pussy slit. Her finger made little circles around and around there and she sounded like she was running, her breath came so rapidly.

When she climaxed again the ring of muscle around my tongue gripped it tight. She pushed me away and rose onto her elbows. "I never did that before. I never had my butt licked and I have never masturbated in front of a guy before. It was so nasty and sexy!"

She pulled me up beside her and kissed me again. "You taste like me and like you, too." We kissed some more and I got hard again (for some reason my erection had gone down while I concentrated on licking her). I wanted to fuck her again but she stopped me. "No, let's put some first aid cream on you and let it heal before we do that again" she said. I was disappointed but I also remembered how bad it hurt, too.

We went to the bathroom and performed first aid on my dick. She was washing her hands when the phone rang. It was my mom, telling us that she and Dad would stay in town that night. Then she wanted to talk to Elaine.

I only heard Elaine's side of the conversation. It went like this: "Hello? Yeah. Oh, we had roast beef and mashed potatoes and corn ... Yeah, yeah, I understand ... No, we're fine." As she talked and listened, Elaine put her foot between my legs and under my balls. She grinned as she bounced them up and down, playing with them. I started to get hard.

Then she said, "No, we don't need anything ... Yeah, you're right, that's the best thing to do. It's a long drive and you don't want to take any chances. Okay, goodbye." Then she grinned as she hung up the phone.

"She said they had some drinks so they're staying in town. She said I should sleep in the house tonight in case you need me. You know what that means?" She kept grinning at me. She put her hands on my upper arms and propelled me to the couch. She straddled my thighs (and my stiff cock) and took my head in her hands. "That means I can sleep with you all night. After all, I have to keep an eye on you. And you might need me in the middle of the night." She kissed me like I was a grown man. I could get used to it. Without being asked I cupped her ass cheeks and squeezed them. She pushed her tits tight against my chest.

It was still early, but the chill of evening was settling in, so we started a fire in the fireplace and spread blankets on the floor in front of it. Lobo seemed as happy as we were as he joined us on our pallet. Elaine wrapped her arms around me, her breasts smashed against my back. I never felt so safe and warm in my life. She reached up and stroked Lobo's ears and sighed. I guessed she felt pretty good too. I felt like a man then.

I woke up and saw it was just getting light outside. My foot was freezing because it was outside the blanket and I pulled it back in. The rest of me was cozy and warm, thanks to Elaine. In the night we had rolled over so we were facing each other. I let my hands caress her breasts and she moaned in her sleep. As I lay there enjoying the pleasure of being in love I realized that it was more than just sex. My mind played through scenarios in which Elaine divorced the asshole and moved in with us permanently. After I got out of high school we could get married.

Suddenly, it dawned on me that I could have gotten her pregnant the night before. A chill passed through me. Sex was fun, but I couldn't imagine being a father. I was only fourteen! Elaine's eyes flickered open and she smiled at me. There must have been a strange expression on my face because she asked me what was wrong.

"I just thought ... you might have gotten pregnant last night!" I don't know why, but I was whispering. The look of concern left her face and she smiled.

"Don't worry. I was already pregnant. I found out last week. Curt and I are having a baby. You are the first to know, other than me. I haven't even told Curt yet." My relief was tempered by the fact that she was so happy she was having a junior asshole. But she wrapped her arms around me and threw a leg across my hips. It brought her crotch up tight against my groin and I started to get hard.

She rolled to her back and we kissed, rubbing our 'parts' against each other. I felt her wetness and she whispered to me, "Fuck me again, Danny." I reached down and rubbed the tip up and down in her slit to wet it. Then I pushed in, waiting for the sting. It came, but it wasn't as bad as it had been. I certainly was willing to suffer it for the pleasure of sex with my Elaine.

I took her to the meadow that day and we spent a long time naked in the sun. We fucked and we simply lazed around in the warm sunshine. We played in the water and splashed each other. A short summer rain passed over us and we giggled as we danced in the cold drops. When we were dry again, we got dressed and went back to the house for a late lunch. Around six o'clock we got dressed and straightened up the house. Elaine did the laundry so there would be no stiff spots on the towels and my pants. She called the hospital but the nurse told her Curt was sleeping, so she left a message.

My parents drove in just before seven as usual. They parked their cars and walked together to the door, I noticed that Dad had his arm around Mom's shoulders. That part was unusual. During dinner (leftover roast and potatoes) they smiled and joked with each other and with us. We lied about everything and I didn't feel the least bit guilty. They went to bed early, claiming to be 'really tired'.

Elaine winked at me as they disappeared down the hall. She moved to sit next to me on the couch. She whispered that they seemed pretty lovey-dovey. I nodded my head but I was more interested in putting my hand up Elaine's shirt. "Who are these friends they stayed with last night?" she asked me. I told her they were some people we had known back in Colorado. They were the reason we had moved to Washington.

"They used to go to camping with them sometimes back there," I said.

"Did you guys go along?" I frowned, wondering where she was going.

"Sometimes we did. Sometimes we went to our grandparents' house or else they left Dick in charge and left us home."

"Were they this happy when they got home?" I said they seemed like it. Elaine grinned at me, but she had to tell me what she was thinking. The idea of my parents being swingers was so far outside my mind that I told her she had to be kidding. "Well, remember what we did last night and today. Didn't your dad look like he felt the way you do?"

Elaine kissed me. The summer had barely started and I had learned so much. We spent the week naked together during the days when my parents were at work. A few times a week we went to the meadow to lie in the sun naked together. One day when we were there something else happened that made a big impression on me. We had made love and were lying there recovering. Pretty soon Elaine started looking around as if she was expecting something.

"What's up?" I asked her.

"I have to pee," she said, obviously in some distress.

"So go pee," I said. "Just go over where we don't lay down."

"But you'll see me," she complained.

"So? What if I went along and we both go?"

She giggled then. She jumped to her feet and grabbed my hand. We went over to the edge of the clearing and she squatted down, looking at me. I pointed away from her but we continued to watch each other. Soon she began with a dribble. Seconds later I watched as the dribble grew to a stream, noisily splashing into the edge of the moss. "Hey!" she said. "You aren't peeing!"

"Well, um..." I looked at my stiff cock in my hand. "I can't go when I'm hard. Something about watching you pee made me hard." I didn't know why, but it was true.

When she finished, Elaine stood up and came to stand behind me. "Maybe it will help if I hold it." She pulled my hand away and grasped my dick between her index finger and thumb. We laughed and she wiggled it a few times. We laughed harder. Then she let go of it and turned me around. She dropped to her knees and slipped her mouth over half my cock. I started pumping into her mouth and grabbed her head in my hands. She'd sucked me off a few times but that day was the first day she deep throated me and also the first time she swallowed it.

After I came she once again turned me away and held me to pee. Softer by then, I was able to go. She loved spraying my piss all over the trees and bushes, saying how she wished she could do it too. Ever since then I've had a fascination with women peeing and ... well, that's yet another story.

We fucked a lot but we talked a lot, too. Her biggest complaint about Curt was not that he treated her like his slave, but that they never just sat and talked. "I know I'm not smart like you are, Danny," she told me (I used to help her and my sister with their high school homework when I was in junior high). "But he treats me like I'm stupid. You've heard him - he even tells me so sometimes."

"He's the stupid one," I told her. "You're a beautiful, sexy woman and not many women would put up with him. Look how stupid he was with the horse. He screwed himself up, cost you guys money you don't have, and now he can't even get a job for a long time -- even if he wanted to. He's stupid, lazy, and not worth your time and your love." It was quite a speech for me. I realized I was really angry, and not just at Curt. I was mad at Elaine for letting him treat her that way, too. We were in the meadow that day. I got up and splashed into the water and ducked under for as long as I could hold my breath.

When I came out my teeth were chattering and I was shivering violently. Elaine took me into her arms and warmed me up. I don't know why but as I got warmer I got really sleepy. My eyes drifted closed and I slept. Elaine never left my side. I don't know if she fell asleep or not but she was awake when my eyes opened. She ran her hands through my damp hair and fluffed until it dried.

We didn't talk any more that day -- not about their marriage, at least. My parents came home and they acted normal again. For some reason that made me feel better. My dad had a few beers and slept in his chair for a few hours before going to join Mom in bed. Elaine slept in the bunkhouse.

The next morning Elaine seemed more like herself until she called the hospital. She sat there after hanging the phone up without saying anything. When I asked, she told me that they told her Curt could come home the next day. I hugged her shoulders and she turned her face into my stomach and cried. I just rubbed her shoulders until she pulled herself together.

"I should be glad, right? My husband is coming home. But it means I'm losing my new best friend." She looked at me, her eyes still bright with tears. My heart fell to my feet. I knew I loved her but I'd never told her. She had never said anything about her feelings for me. Being her best friend was the best I could hope for, I realized, and for me it had to be enough.

"No, it just means we have to be more careful and that we have to limit what we do." I had an idea. "You just took up fishing," I told her. She looked at me like I was crazy. I explained that we could still go to the meadow together as long as Curt was in his cast if she told him she had started going fishing with me out of boredom while he had been away.

She brightened at the idea. My brothers had taken their poles when they moved out but my sister's was still down in the barn. I got it out and dusted it off. I took her reel apart and lubricated it, then I replaced the old line with new and spread glue on the pole wrappings that had dried out and loosened. I showed her how to tie on a leader and explained about casting. We went to the meadow and I left my pole in the moss while I stood behind her and showed her how to do it. She wasn't good, but she began to get the idea.

When a good sized trout hit her lure she almost dropped the pole. I led her through the art of playing the fish until she could reel it in. It was a nine inch brook trout and she was proud. I tied her lure off and we made love in the moss before we took a nap. When we woke up we fished together. I would hear her say, "Dammit!" and look up to see her untangling her line or jerking at the lure hooked in the brush behind her. It was a sight to remember when she had to go into the bushes naked and bend over to unhook her lure. Her pussy lips peeked out under her round ass cheeks as if they were throwing me a kiss.

I went with Elaine to pick Curt up. The nurse wheeled him to the curb in a chair. His left leg was swathed in plaster from hip to toe. His right leg was in a cast from ankle to knee. I loaded the crutches in the front seat while Elaine tried to help him get into the back. When he cursed and yelled at her, "Not like that, you stupid bitch!" Elaine just left him sitting half in and half out of the car.

She mumbled, but loud enough for him to hear, "Then do it yourself, asshole." She walked around and got behind the wheel. Curt was dumfounded. It was the first -- but not the last -- time she had spoken back to him. I hid my smile from him, but Elaine saw it. He whined and gave her a phony apology but she wouldn't budge. I guess he considered me beneath being able to help. He huffed and puffed and finally got the unhandy hip cast into the car and slammed the door. All the way home if he wasn't sleeping, he was mumbling to himself.

When Elaine pulled into the King's drive-in Curt asked her what she thought she was doing. "I'm getting us lunch. Danny and I are hungry. Do you want anything, Curt?" she asked, looking at him in the rear view. He mumbled that he wanted a coffee. Elaine asked me to help her bring the food back so we left Curt alone in the car.

Once we were inside and out of Curt's view she grabbed my hand. "How was that?" she asked me with a grin. We were the only ones in the place except for two high school kids behind the counter. I pulled her to me and kissed her cheek like a brother. My hand cupped one of her tits -- decidedly unlike a brother.

"Perfect! Don't push it too far, but don't let him think things will be back to normal when he gets out of the casts. You just have to make him see that you won't be treated like that any more." The kid (well, he was probably a few years older than I was back then, but I'm older now) came and took our order. When we got back in the car Curt came out of a drug aided slumber to take his coffee. Elaine cautioned him not to fall asleep and spill it on himself. He looked like he wanted to say something back to her but when he saw her eyes in the mirror he changed his mind.

The next few weeks went by fast. Curt didn't like being left alone in the house with his crutches and having to do things for himself. Nevertheless Elaine told him how she loved to fish now and he would just have to make do. We didn't go every day but at least a couple of times a week. When Curt got out of his casts he said he wanted to go with us.

I refused to take Curt to our meadow. Instead we went a little farther downstream where the water widened into a wide pool. It was pretty boggy most of the way around the shore, but there were enough places where we could get close enough to fish. It was actually a better place to fish because it was deeper. The shore was rocky where it wasn't muddy and the trees cast shadows over those spots. The trout liked to gather in the shady spots.

Elaine caught three good fish. I caught one. Curt mostly spent the time untangling his line. Well, it was my line since I didn't want to let him use my mom's or dad's pole. When his face got red I knew he was close to slamming my pole to the ground so I went and took it from him. He was glad to let me have it. He stomped back to sit on a rock and smoke while we fished. We each caught another fish and called it a day.

The weeks passed fast. Elaine and I went fishing (and fucking) as her belly grew. Curt hadn't been at all happy to learn he was going to become a father. He returned to going into town a few days a week. I guess he actually looked for work sometimes because he found a job. It didn't pay a lot. It paid for his gas and a little more, but not enough to pay rent or raise a kid. So my parents continued to let them live with us. Curt was none too happy with the new Elaine either, but he knew she was the best thing in his life, too, even if she didn't wait on him hand and foot. A few times we heard her shouting back at him in the bunkhouse. It had never happened before. Back then it was only Curt's voice we ever heard raised in anger.

In August I turned fifteen and my parents robbed the savings account to buy me a horse. I never had a saddle but I didn't need one. By then Elaine had to quit hiking to the meadow with me. My mom sat her down one night with Curt for a talk. She explained that we liked having them there, and she felt good having people there to keep me company. Elaine and I glanced at each other but we managed to keep from laughing.

"Still, Elaine is going to begin to need more help with the pregnancy than is available here. We're just too far from help if you need it. That quack in town is just that -- a quack." She looked at Elaine. "Do you think your folks would help you, honey?" she asked. I knew it was a slim chance. Elaine had told me that her parents hadn't wanted her to marry Curt. Maybe if they saw how strong she'd become they would change their mind.

"I can try I guess. We'll go in for a visit this weekend." She had said it without consulting Curt. I saw my mom notice that. She had been especially angry about the way the two had behaved when they first arrived, but she didn't think she should interfere. She had been as surprised as Curt had been at the change in Elaine's behavior.

They were gone all weekend. On Monday about noon they drove up the driveway and waited until the dust settled before getting out of the car. Curt went to the bunkhouse and Elaine came into the house. She gave me a tight hug and said, "We're moving back to town. Now I'm really losing you." I had been getting ready for this since Curt came out of the hospital so I was able to keep from doing something silly -- like crying.

"Well now you can be like a sister to me, Elaine. You taught me a lot. When will you leave?"

"Tomorrow. Tonight we'll pack. There isn't much, just clothes mostly, and not many of those." She stood back and looked at me. "We can go fishing one more time, I think. Curt stayed out late last night and he wants to sleep." I grinned at her and kissed her.

We rode my horse to the meadow, Elaine holding my butt between her thighs and her huge belly pushing against my back. We probably took a chance by riding, but she couldn't walk that far and my horse was really gentle. I pulled next to a fallen log so she could dismount without jumping. After I tied the lead to a branch where the mare could graze in the juicy grass, I went back to the mossy bank. Elaine had stripped already. She looked beautiful sitting in the moss, her belly bulging and her navel pushed out. Her nipples were huger than I'd seen them, and darker. She was leaning back on her hands and her eyes were closed as she raised her face to the sun. She must have heard me approach because she said, "I'm going to miss being here with you most of all, Danny."

"Me too," I told her as I began to undress. I lay down next to her and she slipped to her side with a groan. She took my cock in her hand and pulled me to her mouth. She made love to it with her lips and tongue, slathering it with her saliva and gently cupping my balls. When she sensed I was getting close she stopped and let me slip about half my length into her pussy. I fucked her gently with just that part of it until I drenched her with the last load of semen I would ever give her, our lips locked in a deep kiss.

Elaine and Curt had the baby. It was a girl. I started high school in the nice, 'safe' country school where my mom thought she had isolated me from all the trouble city kids get into. I guess she forgot how wild country boys and girls get, because I learned how to drink and -- because I was ahead of the curriculum and was in two junior classes, I had a girlfriend who was a junior who had kissed her virginity goodbye a few years before. I taught her the pleasures of tonguing the asshole. She was the one who suggested I try to fuck her there. It was wildly successful! But then it was that fall that JFK was shot and the world changed for good.

Elaine called once in a while to tell us how little Linda was doing. She had named her baby after my sister because of me, she told me privately. "I almost named her Danielle, but Curt and I couldn't agree, so we went with Linda." Christmas cards and birthday cards came for a while but they stopped eventually.

The daily commute eventually got to my parents and we moved back, not to Tacoma, but to one of the bedroom communities that surround it. I graduated from high school and went about living my life. But I can never forget Elaine and that summer we had. I've wondered about her a lot and even thought about looking them up, but I haven't. My life, too, became complicated enough over time. I didn't need to add more. Besides, I know how those things go. Nothing is ever the same and the past can't be recaptured. I'll always love that Elaine, the one I knew that summer.