Home | Thesandman's Page - Settings
Family Gathering
by Thesandman
Copyright© 2008 by Thesandman


Pages: Prev | 1 | 2 | 3 | 4 | Next

For years we'd been going up to Blue Mountain Lake where my parents had built and owned a cabin, though my grandfather had been the one to originally purchase the land. It had become a family tradition, and one in which we had all come to look forward to especially as it was so far tucked away, affording us a great deal of privacy. As such, running around in the nude was never a big deal for any of us, including mom and dad back in those days. They had brought each of my siblings and I up with the same sort of openness about being nude in front of one another, so much so, that none of us even gave it a second thought as we grew up and matured.

The other interesting thing about the four of us was, we were all paired fraternal twins. Jack and Jessica, (though my father had initially fought to have my older sister actually named Jill, which my mother adamantly refused to do) were not quite two years older than my twin sister Darlene and I. They had named me David after my grandfather, and Darlene after my mother Darla. So in some ways it was cool being paired twins as that was a rarity of sorts, though I believe that kept the four of us a lot closer than most siblings because of that.

We had all been looking forward to our annual stay at the cabin especially with my sister and I both planning on attending college soon, which meant it might be a while before we'd find and have the time to do so anytime soon. Jack along with Jessica were both engaged to be married, and that meant there would be inevitable change coming soon after that, so it might very well be the last time we all went to the cabin together alone as a family, not to mention the fact that though we called it our annual trip, it had been nearly two years since all four of us had been able to go up there together. So it was another reason that we truly were looking forward to going. With so much going on in our respective lives now, it was a chance to renew the closeness we had all shared together during the course of the years, an opportunity then to just enjoy being around one another again the way we all used to do.

And then only a day before we were scheduled to leave dad experienced some chest pains, requiring an emergency trip to the hospital, though the preliminary tests they ran, soon ruled out his having had any sort of heart attack or anything like that. But his doctor did want to keep him for twenty-four hours for observation, and then run some follow up tests the first of the week. And with that, our planned trip seemed to suddenly fall apart understandably so.

Unfortunately, with everyone else's plans there was just no other time that we could all reschedule and make the trip up to the lake, which is when mother stepped in and insisted that the four of us go up anyway, especially as it might indeed very well be the last time we did so as just the four of us together. After that, we all knew there would be additions to the family, including grand kids knowing Jack and Jessica, shortly after their respective marriages.

With the assurance that dad was doing just fine, and that it might not be anything more serious than intestinal flu or something, our parents insisted we still go up anyway, making the trip without them this time. This would be a first, and in a way fitting as we had never done so before, nor in all likelihood, would we ever be doing so again.

Maybe it was the realization of that which caused the four of us to decide to take a bit more up with us to drink than we normally would, especially with mom and dad around, though they never frowned on us for that either as long as we kept things to moderation. Without them being there this time however, we decided to make the best of it, and planned on having a really good time together enjoying the rest and relaxation of the Lake, fishing, and rowing around in the small boat we kept there. Though I for one enjoyed going for long walks in the woods, something that Darlene and I had both enjoyed doing ever since we'd been going up there as kids.

It wasn't an enormous cabin, but it wasn't a small one by way of comparison either. There was a large family gathering room with one entire wall holding an enormous fireplace for when the nights grew cold. There was a master bedroom which was our parents of course, and then two additional bedrooms each with king sized beds that we had shared together as kids growing up, all of which were on the top floor with an overhanging balcony which we called the loft, both inside as well as outside the cabin, giving it a really unique feature to enjoy the surrounding mountain view with.

Perhaps out of respect for our parents, we took our old rooms with Jack and I taking the one, and the girls taking the other. After we'd put away all the provisions we'd brought along with us, we did some general cleaning and straightening, just as we'd always done, and then settled in preparing the evening meal we had planned.

We had gotten a nice warm fire going in the fireplace as the nights were definitely cool now, making it all warm and cozy inside, almost unbearably so. Both Jessica and Darlene were wearing next to nothing to compensate, simple tee-shirts and panties, which is what they normally wore to bed to sleep in, though it had been a couple of years since I'd seen either one of them naked. Something I became painfully aware of as they soon after came downstairs to rejoin us wearing only that. Jessica didn't appear to have changed too much, though again it had been a while, but my own twin sister certainly had, as her breasts were noticeably fuller.

Jack and I had even looked at one another sheepishly upon seeing them, the unspoken acknowledgement that our very own sister's were actually quite hot looking, passing between us. Darlene soon brought out a tray of Jell-O shooters which they had made earlier in the day in anticipation of our first evening together, and we also knew that Jessica had brought along some sort of a game she had purchased at a novelty store thinking it might be fun to check out and try amongst the four of us, though even Darlene had raised her eyebrows upon seeing it and reading some of the directions on the back.

"You do know this is one of those naughty games don't you?" she'd asked her sister.

"Only if you include the 'sex-cards'," she'd responded. "Otherwise it's not really all that bad, and might be fun to try out anyway, see if it's something we might enjoy with some of our other friends," she'd stated smiling.

Jessica had always been considered the wild one of the family, including my brother Jack, who had a fair bit of a reputation himself with the girls, though his fiancé' Patricia, soon to be my sister in law in a few months, had somehow managed to take him off the market. Even so, Jack was a bit leery about playing the game as he knew how Jessica could get, especially after she'd had a bit to drink when her inhibitions really flew out the window. She'd once been dared to run out to the street in a blinding snowstorm completely naked, which she'd done, and which should have been simple enough. But she had done so waiting until a car finally came by, shocking the hell out of the passengers, before running back inside the house, cold as she was by then.

She and Darlene had already had a couple of the rum-filled Jell-O shooters before Jack and I had had any ourselves, so the girls had gotten a pretty good head start as Jessica laid out the game and began explaining the simple rules to us.

Although we'd decided not to even use the "Sex cards" as Jessica called them, there were two other decks to be drawn from, which were labeled "naughty" and "nice", though even the nice ones weren't anything you might expect as we eventually found out.

"So what happens if someone refuses to do something?" I asked curiously, as I was already wondering about a couple of situations that might possibly arise as I thumbed through a few of the cards beforehand.

"No fair peeking!" Jessica said taking the cards away from me as she did so, placing them back where they belonged on the game board. "But you're right, there should be some sort of penalty involved, should someone chicken out or refuse to do something."

"Like what?" Jack asked curiously.

"Well, for one ... if you guys refuse to do something when it's your turn, then I say you have to wash and dry all the dishes for the week while we're up here."

"Then you guys need to clean all the fish we catch should you refuse," Jack counter-offered, knowing full well how much both Jessica and Darlene hated having to do that. Jessica even thought about that for a moment, and then agreed, though Darlene wasn't too happy about going along with that decision when she made it. Eventually we all decided we'd be allowed a single 'pass' letting us all off the hook just once, but then after that, the penalties would come into play.

Since Jessica and Darlene had very little on themselves, Jack and I had stripped down to socks and shorts to even things out. The fact we were, and had been used to seeing one another naked before wasn't a significant factor in playing the game even though there was a good chance that eventually we'd all wind up being naked anyway. The problem as I saw it, was what sort of things we might all be required to do while we were playing it. These were after all my own brothers and sisters here, and though we'd all gone through periods of sibling curiosities while growing up, it had never really gone beyond that.

"Let's just play and see how it goes," Jessica finally stated after seeing Jack and I's still concerned hesitation. "You can always refuse to do something," she added.

"Yeah ... once!" I reminded everyone, catching a laugh out of Darlene, which surprised me, as she actually seemed to be growing excited about playing the damn game, though I was already beginning to wonder if the Jell-O shooters she'd so quickly consumed had anything to do with that.

Jack was the first to roll the dice, landing on a square that said simply "Take a Drink", so he got off easy, consuming one of the Jell-O shots sitting on the tray beside us.

"My turn!" Jessica said excitedly, rolling the die moving her nude little caricature forwards on the board landing on a "Naughty or Nice" square, thus drawing a card which happened to say "Nice" on the top when she drew it. "Show the person on your right something nice they'd like to see for thirty seconds," she read, which just happened to be Jack.

"Hmm," he pondered teasingly for a brief moment. "Ok, it's been a while since I've even seen them sis, so ... show me your tits!"

Jessica rolled her eyes. "Like you haven't seen them before," she said lifting her tank-top tee shirt up and over them, revealing herself as she sat there, though Jack only really glimpsed at them briefly, just as we all had before replacing her shirt.

Then it was my turn. I soon landed on a square that was a silhouette of two people engaged in some sort of sex act, which would have normally required the drawing of one of the sex cards.

"Free space?"

"Not hardly," Jessica said, "Not in this game anyway. But since we've decided not to use those particular cards, we'll declare those an article of clothing to be removed space instead then."

Since everyone agreed, I removed one of my socks though there was some discussion about that as well since Jessica was only wearing the single tee-shirt and panties, though Darlene was wearing a bra beneath hers giving her three items as well.

Darlene then rolled and was required to draw one of the Naughty/Nice cards, this one showing as being Naughty as she reached for it. "Ah oh!" she said somewhat red faced as she looked at the card.

"What?" Jack asked seeing her expression as she quickly glanced over towards her sister.

"What's it say?" Jessica asked as well, "Read it!"

Darlene took a quick swallow, and then did so. "Show everyone how you prefer touching yourself when you masturbate!" she exclaimed with a somewhat shocked tone of voice, and then looking up. "No way!"

Jessica laughed, "So ... you taking your first refusal?" she asked. Darlene thought about it briefly, as bad as that might be, it could get a lot worse, and we all knew it.

"No ... but you're really going to make me do this?" she asked once again as though somehow Jessica would take pity on her and let her off the hook.

"Are you kidding? Hell no sis! I happen to know you masturbate all the time," she announced telling Jack and I that she did, though I think we all knew that from the number of inadvertent discoveries we'd all made throughout the years, but being placed in a position of openly doing it with everyone else watching was something else entirely.

"Jessica!" Darlene declared back indignantly.

"Well, you do ... so don't even try denying it!" she answered back boldly.

"Didn't say I was denying it," Darlene responded in a much softer tone of voice, "just didn't think I'd end up sitting here showing everyone how I did," she finished saying even more softly.

Personally, I was surprised that she'd actually consider doing it instead of taking her refusal, but she did, though I could see both Jack as well as Jessica took a serious interest in her doing it as she decided to actually do so.

"And you have to do it for real too!" Jessica warned, otherwise, it's the same thing as a refusal, and I happen to know how you like and prefer doing it, so I know if you're trying to fool anyone and get out of actually doing it for real," she had thus told us all.

"Just remember when it's your turn to have to do something like this," Darlene somewhat playfully hissed back at her. "Because I'm not letting you off easy either," she warned her.

For myself, I was surprised, delightedly so yes, admittedly, when Darlene flipped herself around onto her tummy, then slid her hand down the front of her panties though she also knelt now on her knees with her head resting against one of the throw pillows.

"That's how you enjoy getting off huh?" Jack said as we all sat there watching her actually masturbating herself for the full 30 seconds of time that was required of her.

"Yeah, it is," she admitted after the time had expired. "Well ... one of the ways anyway," she said suddenly grinning though her face had turned crimson upon admitting that.

"Ah, don't get too embarrassed by admitting it sis," Jessica told her. "After all, we all do it ... and I've certainly seen everyone here doing it too!"

"When?" I said suddenly curious, "Whenever did you catch me?" which they all laughed at.

"I'll tell you all later about it," Jessica shot back at me, "Maybe as a naughty story requirement or something," she contemplated, already making me wonder what she had seen, and when, though I now knew, I'd probably hear about it soon enough, along with everyone else.

We continued playing the game, most everyone taking shots of Jell-O, and eventually getting entirely naked as we continued using the silhouetted spots for that purpose. In time, everyone but me was entirely naked, though all I had left on was my shorts. Jack then drew a naughty card, telling him that if he wasn't already erect, he was to play with himself until he was, and though shy at first to actually have to do so, eventually did, much to my sister's amused expressions as we all sat there watching him making it get hard.

"My turn!" Jessica soon after announced rolling the dice, likewise drawing a Nice card, which she then read. "Sit on the lap of the person to your right, and do something nice for them," she read to us all, as we all in turn glanced over at Jack who continued to sit with his nice solid erection showing.

"This could get interesting," Darlene commented giggling as she did so.

Jessica soon crossed over sitting in Jack's lap, but I watched as her hand actually slipped down between his legs, grasping his prick, which was indeed hard as a rock as she sat there holding it.

"I wonder, is this naughty? Or nice?" she asked jokingly.

"I think it's a bit of both," Jack sighed pleasurably as sis sat in his lap fondling his erect hard penis.

"Ok, I think time's up," Darlene stated as she now rolled the dice, though now landing on one of the silhouetted squares that we hadn't decided to do anything about yet as everyone except for myself, who was still wearing shorts, was already naked.

"Well, either we start using the "sex cards" or we need to come up with something else for anyone landing on those squares, including David here, though I think after he finally does lose the shorts, he'll be doing whatever we've agreed to do if anyone else lands on one of those," Jessica announced.

"Like what?" I asked curiously, though I was staring at Darlene's boobs as she leaned over, her twin nipples about as hard and erect as they could be as she did so. Seeing me looking at them so brazenly, Jessica smiled.

"I know!" She said suddenly, though the three of us all looked at one another worriedly. Whenever Jessica got that particular look in her eye, we knew she was up to something that was apt to be out there. "But first, before I say anything, let's all of us right here and now make a promise to one another."

"A promise?" Jack asked. "About what?"

"That whatever happens here this weekend, whatever we do stays here amongst the four of us, and that none of us will ever say or tell anyone else about what happened here this weekend."

"Ah oh..." Darlene said looking at her sister. "What are you saying sis?"

"Simply this, let's face it, we're ALL horny at the moment, can we agree on that?"

We all looked at one another, but there was no denying it. Jack certainly couldn't, his prick was still about as rock hard as it was when he first made it that way, and even though I was still wearing my briefs, my own cock was almost painfully concealed inside them as aroused as I was myself.

"Ok, agreed," We all eventually said with Jessica's prompting. "Whatever we do..." Jack added ensuring we were all willing to abide by that promise to one another.

Jessica sat back smiling, though I noticed her hand was unabashedly down between her legs as she nonchalantly sat there slow-fingering her slit.

"We use the sex cards, but ... there is one other option, you can either pick a card and do whatever it tells you to do, or the other three decide what it is they want to see or have that person do."

Once again we all looked at one another, but as we'd all agreed to the promise we'd made, there was a sudden air of expectation and excitement that transcended whatever inhibitions or misgivings any of us might have had.

"So Darlene, since you landed on the square, we'll give you a pass this time, but only if David removes his shorts, so that we're all totally naked and on even footing now going forward."

Seeing that that was only fair under the circumstances, and also seeing the look of gratitude on my twin sister's face, I soon after removed my briefs, revealing to everyone there that I was just as excitedly hard and aroused as my older brother was.

"Nice cock little brother," Jessica grinned looking at me. "Been a while since I've seen it," she added making me blush and raising a few curious questions by Jack and Darlene having said that. Jessica laughed, waving them off however. "Save that for the chat room," she'd said.

There were two squares we hadn't visited as yet, one was the orgy room, and the other was the chat room. With the incorporation of the sex cards now, it was very likely that at some point we'd end up in the orgy room now for sure. The chat room was part of the normal play where if you landed in that square and someone else either landed on it with you, or passed through it while someone was there, they could ask you anything they wanted to, and of course the rules were, you had to tell the truth about whatever that subject was. A short time later Jessica was in fact sitting in the chat room when Jack passed through though finishing his turn on one of the silhouetted squares.

"Now what?" he asked somewhat nervously.

"Well first, you get to ask me about anything you'd like, then after that, either draw a card or let the three of us decide what we'd like to see you do."

Jack thought for a moment, and then smiled as obviously something came to mind.

"Have you and Darlene ever fooled around together? And if you did ... what did you do?"

"That's two questions!" Darlene immediately stated, her face already beginning to blush furiously as she said it. Jessica laughed however.

"True, it is sis, but in all fairness, we need to abide by the intent of the question and not make it even more complicated in asking or the chat room won't be as interesting as it should be."

I noticed her face was even redder now than before as Jessica continued.

"Yes, we have," she began. "And in fact, the most recent time was just three weeks ago," she informed us all. "Darlene and I had gone out shopping, and had come home with several of the items we'd purchased, which included a few new sexy negligee's, one I picked up that I plan on wearing on my honeymoon, as well as a couple of others. Darlene picked up a couple as well, so we decided to try them on and show one another how they looked on ourselves."

I could see by the look on Jack's face he was sitting there envisioning all this, just as I was, not even realizing my hand had dropped down into my lap until I felt the delicious smear of pre-lubrication that I just then realized I was using to further stimulate the head of my cock with.

"Darlene was modeling a bright red baby-doll nightie she had purchased, and had told me that it even had a crotch-less panty, I told her to come over and stand closer to me so I could see it, which she did of course, but when she did, and as I sat there staring at her pink little split, I couldn't help myself, so I placed my finger on her hard swollen little clit, and rubbed it."

"Ok, I think everyone's got the picture," Darlene interrupted trying to head Jessica off from saying anything more, but to no avail as she continued on ignoring Darlene's pained very embarrassed look.

"Obviously she was enjoying it as she stood there, allowing me to continue fingering her, so then I simply leaned over and captured her clit in my mouth and tickled it with my tongue until she came."

"I did not!" Darlene claimed emphatically.

"Oh yes you did!" Jessica challenged her. "I heard and felt you cry out a few moments after that, so don't tell me you didn't enjoy it, or that you didn't actually cum when I did it."

Darlene looked at Jack and I, but finally acknowledged it was the truth, "I couldn't help it," she told us. "It really did feel damn good!"

"Well, now that that little secret's been shared, time to find out what Jack's decision is," Jessica said now looking over towards him. "So ... which one is it going to be?"

"I think I'm fucked either way," he said still trying to decide, though once again Jessica laughed at this comment.

"That depends on the cards, or on us," she said still laughing.

I honestly hadn't really considered that very real possibility until now. Though it was also true that Darlene and I had gone through a brief period of masturbating one another, we'd never taken it beyond that. And now ... the very real possibility existed that something far beyond that might actually happen. And though on the one hand I was unsure about doing that, on the other, especially as I felt my cock lurch with the anticipation of that, I also found myself looking forward to it if it did happen too.

"Let's go with the cards," he said almost immediately. "I have a feeling they'll actually be easier to do than something the three of you might decide to come up with!" Jack drew the card, his eyes widening as he looked at the silhouetted image of a man going down on a woman.

"Well?" Jessica asked curiously. "What's it say?"

"Roll the dice, and then perform oral sex on the person to your right for that number of minutes," he announced placing the card back at the bottom of the pile. We were all looking at Doreen expectantly.

"Really? Me? You're actually going to do it?" she asked.

"That's what the card says, and that's what we all agreed to," Jack stated. "Unless of course you're going to claim your first refusal!"

It was interesting, no one had even done that as yet, I had in fact almost forgotten about doing that myself, and was actually surprised when Darlene indicated she wouldn't.

"Roll the dice," she told him. Jack rolled a four.

"Four minutes then," Jessica confirmed looking at her watch. "So ok Darlene, lay back and spread em kiddo!"

She quickly did so, laying on her back as Jessica propped one of the large comfy throw pillows behind her head, Jack then positioned himself between our sisters legs and began licking her with his tongue as Jessica and I watched, my sister keeping one eye on her minute hand as we did.

"By the way, according to the rules, if anyone cums, they're out of the game. So the last one who does is considered to be the winner."

"Sound like they'd be the loser the way I see it," I added in, my arousal level suddenly going up a notch as Jack continued to probe and tongue fuck my twin-sister's pussy as they lay there next to me.

"Yeah, have to agree with that," Jessica giggled still watching them herself. "And by the look on Darlene's face, she might not make it through the four minutes either!"

She did though, just barely, her breathing becoming rapid well on her way towards orgasm when Jessica suddenly announced that the time was up.

"My turn is it?" Darlene asked still sounding a bit breathless. Jack returned to his own seat on the floor, though I noticed his cock looked even harder, certainly more angry looking than it had, all purple and swollen with a drop of moisture actually leaking from the tip of his prick as he retook his place.

Almost shakily, Darlene rolled the dice and ended up having to draw a Naughty card. "Go directly to the Orgy room and wait there until you roll doubles before you can leave," she read.

"Now it's really going to get interesting!" Jack stated upon hearing that. Jessica then read the rules regarding the orgy room. Once someone was there, anyone else either landing on, or even passing by, had to stop and remain in that room until they were able to roll doubles on the dice before being allowed to leave. In the meantime, one of the silhouetted sex-cards had to be drawn, and whoever was inside the room had to do whatever the card told them to do, for the entire time they remained in the room, or until someone else joined them requiring the draw of a new card, though both cards then had to be incorporated together as much as possible.

"Holy shit!" Darlene said drawing the card, which showed the picture of a female on her hands and knees getting fucked from behind.

"Ah ... what if it's Jessica that ends up in the room before one of us?" I openly asked out of curiosity.

The girls looked at one another simultaneously and laughed, "We'll figure it out," they said almost exactly in unison, causing an even bigger laugh saying that.

But as luck would have it, I was the first to roll the die and move through the "Orgy Room", and since Darlene hadn't rolled doubles on the dice yet, I was the one that was now stranded with her, the sudden realization of the position we'd soon be taking foremost on my mind as I did.

"So have you two ever..." Jack began the question.

"Not with each other, no," I said simply, "and that sounds like a chat-room question anyway," I quickly added as I scooted around behind my twin sister, who was kneeling now waiting with eager anticipation as I came around behind her. "You?"

"Ah, same same," Jessica said jumping in. "Guess you'll have to wait and find that one out," she teased, though she had once again gone back to gently frigging herself as I placed the head of my prick at the opening of Darlene's very wet slippery opening.

"You ok with this?" I did ask before sliding inside her. But she merely smiled, nodded her head in approval, and then spoke.

"I'll be honest David, I've often wondered what it would be like if we ever did, so I guess in a moment or so now, I will."

My head was still buzzing from the Jell-O shooters as we'd finished one tray and had started on a second, but my cock was buzzing as well, especially as I began to slip it inside my own sister, feeling the slickness of her cunt as it began to wrap itself around my shaft.

"Oh fuck that's nice!" I moaned pleasurably, the sensation of her sweetness robbing me of my senses as she wiggled back against me, likewise moaning out her pleasure as well.

"Damn that's nasty looking!" Jack said as he sat seriously stroking his cock now all the while watching Darlene and I as we sat there fucking in front of them.

"Just remember Jack," Jessica warned him. "You cum ... you're out!" she teased looking at him as well as he sat stroking his prick, though she was frigging herself now just as furiously.

"Come on, roll!" Jack half demanded. "It's your turn!"

Jessica did, just managing to land in the Orgy room along with us. Drawing a new card, it again showed the image of a woman getting eaten. "Hmm," she murmured, "under the circumstances, it looks like there's only one real option here!"

It would have been very difficult for me to do it, kneeling behind Darlene as I was, so Jessica quickly straddled her sister's face, which she didn't balk at, at all, stating as she did so, that this was something they had indeed experienced together before.

When it was Darlene's turn again, she rolled the dice, though she was moaning and groaning pleasurably at the time even as she did. "Damn! Doubles!" she regretfully acknowledged, and un-cunted me, though I was somewhat glad for it as I wasn't sure how much longer I could have held out if she hadn't, even slow fucking as much as we had been up until then.

"Now what?" I asked.

"Well, since I drew the oral sex card, looks like you're going to be eating me now instead," Jessica told me, which was something we'd never done, though she had once jerked me off when she'd caught me doing it myself in the shower. Being my older sister, Jessica and I had never really fooled around much the way Darlene and I had. I found myself pleasurably excited, almost as much as she was as she assumed her new position, just as I did, now placing my mouth over her pink glistening split and began tonguing her even as I rolled the dice, delighted to see I'd remain in the room with her for a time anyway, just as she then did.

Jack rolled landing on the "Get entirely naked square" but since he already was, we treated it as a free space, though he was only two squares short of having reached the orgy room on his roll. Darlene then rolled, and drew a Nice card, which she then read.

"Give the person of your own choosing a nice oral pleasuring for two full minutes," she read aloud, and then wondered aloud as well, "Wow ... it doesn't mention anything about which sex here either!" she stated. "Wonder what would have happened if either Jack or David had drawn this one?"

He and I just looked at one another, neither one of us being homophobic by any means, but neither one of us finding ourselves as being bi-sexual in any way either. Nor did either one of us say anything as Jessica responded for us.

"Rules are rules," she said wickedly. "Maybe if we keep playing this game, we'll eventually find out!"

I then rolled doubles myself, leaving the room though Jessica remained, with Jack soon after joining her and redrawing a card. This one showed the silhouette of a male with a stiff cock obviously getting a blowjob.

"Whew! See? That could have happened right now!" I stated realizing how close it had been had Jack come into the room and found me alone.

"Keeps it interesting doesn't it?" Jessica said as she leaned over and began lavishing Jack's prick with her lips and tongue. What no one realized however until it was almost too late, was that Jack had been hovering on the edge now for so long, that the moment Jessica began giving him one of her superlative blow-jobs, he quickly reached the point of no-return, warning her when he had.

"Fuck, I'm not going to last!" he cried out in a mixture of relief and regret in doing so.

"One down, three to go," Darlene giggled as we both sat watching our sister milking our brother's cock, his hard-felt spurts obviously filling her mouth now as Jessica contentedly finished sucking him off.

It wasn't long after that when Jessica fell out of the game as well. Drawing a Naughty card she read, "You enjoy being the center of attention, as such, you are required to masturbate yourself for the total number of minutes showing on the dice!"

She rolled, throwing double sixes.

"Fuck! I'll never be able to last twelve minutes!" she stated. And truth spoken, she didn't even make it for ten, finally succumbing to the pleasure of her own fingers as we all sat there, watching her, enjoying it when she actually came.

"And then there were two," Darlene said once again eyeing me. "So which one of us is going to outlast the other?" she asked. I knew without any doubt that I wouldn't, not after everything I'd seen, done and felt. The moment anyone touched my hard swollen prick again, including myself, I knew I'd explode.

And it didn't take long to discover that either.

Landing on another sex-card square, the image showed a woman sitting on top. Darlene had barely even done so, slipping herself over my prick, a couple of nice slow thrusts, and I was a gonner. I felt my release, warning her even though she was herself on the pill. And though still not wanting to take any chances herself, she almost immediately climbed off me, grabbing my cock, placing her mouth over it as I came. I cried out deliriously with the incredible explosion, and then collapsed almost immediately.

Darlene sat for a moment surveying the three of us, all spent, and looking like it as well.

"Guess I won huh?" she said looking not at all enthusiastic about having done so.

"Yep, guess you did sis," Jessica told her. "But as the winner, the three of us get to treat you to the best orgasm of your entire life!"

Suddenly Darlene's frown became the biggest smile you've ever seen before in your entire life!

Exhausted, we had all eventually gone up to bed, but surprisingly, and without really discussing it, Darlene and I took one bedroom with Jack and Jessica taking the other. Darlene and I had slept together before when we were younger of course, but it had been many years since we'd done so. And though we both fell immediately to sleep, in a way, it brought back a lot of wonderful fond memories of those earlier days.

The sun was well up when I woke, but it wasn't the touch of sunlight on my face that woke me either, but the soft gentle feel of Darlene's lips as she lovingly caressed my shaft.
Continues...

Pages: Prev | 1 | 2 | 3 | 4 | Next

Home | Top | Thesandman's Page |   Feedback to author



Home | Thesandman's Page - Settings
Family Gathering
by Thesandman
Copyright© 2008 by Thesandman


Pages: Prev | 1 | 2 | 3 | 4 | Next

Continuation...

"Wha... ?" I said groggily upon waking, wondering if I was dreaming when I did, the sensation only then alerting me to the fact that someone was sucking my cock.

"Morning!" Darlene grinned looking up at me. "Sorry ... but I couldn't help but noticing your erection," she half giggled. "It was poking me in the ass when I woke up this morning," she stated still smiling. "So I thought I might as well take advantage of it."

Though I was obviously already erect, my arousal soon caught up to my hard-on, especially with Darlene leaning over me the way that she was, her firm young breasts dangling so tantalizingly in front of me, which I immediately captured, thumbing the hard sweet nipples that I found there.

"Spin around," I said simply, which she did, placing her pussy over my face so that we were soon enjoying a nice pleasurable '69' with one another there on the bed.

"Ahhh, how sweet!" We both heard Jessica saying as she stood in the doorway watching us. Both Darlene and I looked up towards her, not too surprisingly to find when we did that she was still naked herself, with her hand down between her legs. "Please, don't let me interrupt things," she said grinning at us. "Jack woke me with a nice long fuck this morning too!" she added with an even bigger grin on her face now.

Having heard that, I went right back to licking my sister's deliciously sweet cunt, her lubrications already pooling inside her as I dug them out with tongue and fingers. And though I soon felt the playful lapping touch of her tongue on me once again as well, I quickly felt another added to that as Jessica had walked over sitting down on the bed next to our sister, and joined her.

"So where IS Jack anyway?" I mouthed still licking Darlene's cunt.

"Taking another morning nap, I think I wore him out again," Jessica said likewise still licking my cock. "So as soon as you two 'get off' to a good start," she paused emphasizing the real meaning, "we'll get some breakfast started, I think we're going to need it today!"

Darlene moaned and I felt an additional trickle of her essence as I hurriedly lapped it up, feeling her quiver, her now deep-throated moan of ecstasy filling the room.

"That should wake up sleepy-head!" Jessica laughed hearing her sister's obvious cry of release, though mine was just seconds away now as well, which I also quickly announced. Jessica continued stroking my cock as Darlene was still somewhat out of it, and I felt my prick suddenly expand, the white creamy juice of my pleasure suddenly spurting everywhere, though mostly against Darlene's breasts as Jessica continued pumping it out, gleefully laughing as she did.

"Good hell David, do you always cum this much?" she asked seriously.

Darlene rolled off onto her back, still basking in the afterglow of her own orgasmic bliss, her breasts covered in my spunk. Even as I lay there trying to recover my own breath and senses, I watched as Jessica leaned over running her tongue over one of Darlene's nipples swiping up a streamer of cream that had splashed against my twin-sister's tit.

"Can't let it go to waste now can we?" Jessica smiled looking up at me as she continued to lap up my spending, causing Darlene to once again shiver with the tickle of Jessica's tongue as she did so.

"Should have known!" Jack stated now standing in the doorway. "Looks like I missed the party!"

Jessica rolled out of bed, "Come on Jack, let's you and I go down stairs and start breakfast, let these two have a moment to collect themselves. Then we'll let them clean up and do the dishes afterwards."

The smell of freshly made coffee and bacon cooking soon fired up our appetites. Darlene and I immediately heading downstairs to join our somewhat older siblings for a feast of scrambled eggs, bacon, hash-browns and several badly needed cups of coffee, all of which were consumed in short order.

"So what's on the agenda for today anyway?" I asked as Darlene and I began clearing off the table, though watching her as she did so, wearing only the briefest of bikini bottoms as she did was still quite eye-catching.

"Jack and I thought we'd tow out the pontoon aways out into the lake, spend some time swimming, sunning and just relaxing." She smiled as she said that, peering over the rim of her coffee cup. "Or ... whatever else strikes our fancy," she added.

"Sounds like a plan," Darlene agreed, "I could use a little nap out under the sun after last night, and ... this morning," she stated as she handed me one of several plates to dry.

Jack and Jessica got the boat ready along with a few needed supplies for the time we'd be out there. Darlene and I soon after finished up, and I helped Jack to inspect the pontoon to ensure it was still in good shape, which it was. Then we fastened the twelve by twelve foot floating platform behind the small launch and headed out into the lake.

"Didn't see any other campers when I came out for my walk this morning either," Jack told us. "Didn't figure too anyway, not on this side of the lake at least since it's all clearly marked private property."

It was rare when we did see anyone, unless we spent the thirty minutes it took to go across to the other side where there was public camping and a few small boats out on the lake fishing. But with the remoteness of the lake itself, and this far into the season, the likelihood of actually running into anyone while we were here was extremely unlikely. As such, neither one of the girls was wearing a top, both allowing their magnificent breasts to be kissed by the sunshine as we slow-poked it across the lake towing the somewhat heavy and awkwardly towed pontoon behind us.

We finally reached the point we usually went to, securing the boat to the pontoon so it wouldn't get away from us. From here, we would slowly drift back towards the shore, a good hour or so in making the return trip, which was usually the perfect amount of time for us to spend out on the lake. Once the boat was lashed down, Jack and I went for an immediate swim, the water not yet so cold that it made it unbearable to swim in, though it always did take some getting used to at first. A fact that was accentuated as Darlene and Jessica sat on the edge of the floating platform, dangling their feet in the water, which had immediately caused both girls nipples to grow fully erect.

But unlike the girls, the cold water had a completely opposite effect on both Jack and I, which Jessica giggled at as I shortly after climbed out of the water and onto the pontoon. I didn't even think about it initially until I looked down and saw I had "turtled" as it were, my cock having shrunk down to next to nothingness.

"That is SO fucking amazing how they can do that!" Darlene commented as I hurriedly grabbed a towel sitting down next to them, though as I dried myself off, I conveniently managed to hide myself from their continued staring at me.

"Yeah it is isn't it?" Jessica agreed. "Especially David, as hard and big as he can get, to go from that all the way down to teeny-weenie!"

"Hey!" I objected taking offense at my sister's comment, though I knew it all to be in good nature. "I bet your clits react much the same way too!" I stated, though in truth, I had absolutely no idea if they did or not.

Though Darlene had worn her bikini bottoms, and was still wearing them, Jessica had only brought her swimsuit along with her in case it was needed. She sat still entirely nude, and suddenly opened her legs peering down at herself. "I don't know sis, this look any smaller or bigger to you than it does normally?"

I sat there watching as my older sister spread her pussy apart with her fingers, examining herself, though she had turned slightly in our direction so that Darlene could have a closer look at her, herself.

"No, not really sis. But then I think your "naughty knot", which is something both of my sister's called their clits, "is always hard and horny anyway!" she finished saying, then reached over before Jessica could close her legs, or even react, and tickled it with her finger. The move caught Jessica by surprise, so she jumped slightly, but then she smiled and spread her legs even wider.

"You have any idea how many times I came out here all by myself and just masturbated all the way back into shore?" she asked.

Darlene burst out laughing at that.

"What? What's so funny?" she wondered honestly.

"Oh if you only knew..." Darlene left off saying.

"Knew what?"

Darlene was still giggling when she began. "The very last time we were all up here together, you'd gone out onto the lake by yourself. Jack and David had gone around the lake with mom to pick up a few things they'd forgotten to bring up from the General Store over in Lake Point. I'd gone out for a hike and was just returning when I noticed that dad was sitting out on the upper deck looking out towards the lake."

"Yeah? So?"

"Well, when I saw him, I noticed that he was looking at you through his binoculars!"

"Dad? Dad was ... was..."

"Watching you masturbate, yes! If that's what you said you were doing, then yes, he must have been. I know that he was always a little worried about any of us if we went out on the lake by ourselves, so I'm sure he'd just decided to check up on you, make sure everything was ok and all that, but I noticed as I stood there watching him, that it wasn't just a quick look-see as to how you were doing, but a rather long and constant look too. But ... there was one more thing that he did, that I thought curiously odd at the time too now that I think about it."

"What?" Jessica and I both said simultaneously just as Jack swam up to the pontoon having heard the last part of Darlene's observance.

"Dad had a woody!"

"A woody? How do you know that?" Jack asked her.

"Well, he must have, though I didn't know why at the time, or even realize that maybe he did until just now. But I remember watching him as he opened his jeans and stuck his hand down the front of his pants. Don't remember him taking it out or anything like that, and at the time, just thought he was sitting there scratching himself or something, or that maybe his pants were just a little too tight. But now that I think about it, with him sitting there looking through the binoculars at Jessica, with his hand down the front of his pants, well ... let's just say it doesn't take a rocket scientist to figure that one out!"

Jessica was actually blushing, though she laughed about it. "Holy shit! Daddy was watching me get myself off!" she stated now giggling openly about it. Then she paused. "Hmm, I wonder how many other times he must have watched me then," she pondered. "Because I don't remember a single time that I came out here all by myself that I didn't. And since we all know dad was always keeping an eye out for us, at mother's request I might add, that he must have seen me..."

"And me..." Darlene suddenly quipped, "or very possibly so anyway, because I did it a few times too," she added.

"Good old dad, jerking off while he watched his daughters doing the same," Jack joined in laughing.

What was interesting however, that during all this, Darlene had continued lightly and softly petting Jessica's cunt. "Maybe I shouldn't be, or admit to any of this, but the thought that that might have happened is naughty as hell, and as such ... now I'm feeling a bit nasty, naughty myself. How about you Darlene? How about joining me in a little side-by-side finger fucking out here on the lake? I bet the boys would enjoy seeing that, and maybe even, their cute little dickey's would get all nice and big again for us. What do you say?"

By way of an answer, Darlene lifted up, sliding off her bikini bottoms, and tossing them behind her on the deck. Reaching over then, she went back to fingering Jessica's pussy, as Jessica reached over and began fingering hers. Seeing all this, Jack floated on his back, being the excellent swimmer that he was, and began stroking his cock which rapidly hardened, which even I had to admit was interesting to see him do as he just lay there on the water jerking himself off. I felt my own turtle-cock suddenly make an appearance, restoring my self confidence and allowed the towel I had draped over my lap to be removed as I soon joined the three of them in our mutual masturbation session, enjoying it even more when Darlene took her freehand, now wrapping it around my cock and began jerking me off at the same time she sat fingering our sister.

"Oh if dad and mom could only see this!" she stated, causing us all to glance up across the lake towards the cabin, and then laughing as we did, realizing that under the circumstances, it wasn't at all possible.

As Jack and I watched, slowly pleasuring ourselves as we did, the girls got one another off with their hands and fingers, something that I thought to be incredibly erotic, seeing the two of them frigging one another's respective "naughty knots" until they had both climaxed. Nearly joining them myself as they did, I then saw an all too familiar look on my sisters face, and immediately knew she was thinking about something, as Jack must have done too, as he was the first to comment on it.

"Ok sis, I know that look of yours, so what are you thinking or up to anyway?"

"Oh ... had an idea for another naughty game of sorts, if you two are up for it," she stated.

"Yeah? What?"

"Was just wondering how far you two think you could shoot out across the water, while Darlene and I get in, and see if we can catch it when you do."

"Where does she come up with these ideas anyway?" I asked, though I was already imagining the thought of that as Jack climbed up out of the water.

"From all those erotic stories she reads on line I would imagine," Jack stated grinning at the girls as they both slipped expectantly into the water, and then sat treading water waiting for us.

"Not so far out," I stated realizing where they were. "That would be some sort of a world record for me, even on my best day, and I'm no Peter North either!" I added.

"Who's Peter North?" Darlene asked turning towards our sister.

"Remind me to show you when we get home," she told her. "Jack's got quite a collection of his movies, once you've seen one ... you'll know why David said what he did."

"Oh," Darlene grinned knowingly. "Remind me to remind you to do that," she added as they both came a bit closer towards the pontoon Jack and I were now standing on, cocks in hand.

"It's not really a race is it?" I asked. "Cause I hope not. I get a much better, further shot when I slow-stroke it when I cum."

"Yeah, no it's not," Jack confirmed. "And I do too," he admitted to me as we both stood there slowly jerking ourselves off while the girls continued to tread water below us.

"Just tell us at least when you're about to squirt!" Jessica asked, "So we can try and be ready for it."

"Will do," Jack and I both agreed, and then went back to jerking ourselves off as we looked at the two luscious bare breasted mermaids in the water beneath us.

I soon felt the pleasured telltale release beginning to race up the shaft of my cock, with Jessica treading water the closest to me, I stepped over towards the edge as far as I dared, maintaining my balance though the lake was extremely calm at the moment. Seeing this, Jessica pressed her breasts together, giving me a secondary target to aim for, though the first of course was the small bull's eye of her open mouth, which would take a miraculous shot in, and of itself.

"Oh fuck, here ... it ... CUMS!" I cried out, then watched as I launched a streamer of cum across the water, and though it might not have been a world record attempt, it was indeed a fairly strong toss that actually reached her, though landing just off to the side of her in the water as she tried to lean over catching the ribbon of spunk as it flew. A second one was already on the way however, and this time I had adjusted my own aim, and though it again didn't land anywhere's near her mouth, even though she tried to catch it as well, I did manage to hit her shoulder, which wasn't all that bad considering the actual distance I'd achieved. That was it though, as the remaining expulsions of my pleasure dropped off considerably, though only in distance, not so much the ecstasy of the climax, with the weirdly erotic sight of seeing my semen shooting off towards my sister across the water.

"Fuck, here's mine!" Jack soon after announced as Darlene too waited expectantly below him, though she'd gauged the distance between her and Jack having seen what I'd just barely managed to do with Jessica swimming below me. She came in a bit more, just as Jack shot, his first flying streamer of cream actually skyrocketing over my sister's head.

"Holy shit! Now THAT was a Peter North cum-shot if I've ever seen one!" Jessica announced in surprise. But it was only one, as his second fell way short of the mark, and never did come anywhere's close to where Darlene was after that.

"Well, guess you win that one David!" Jessica announced as the girls both hurriedly climbed out of the coolish water.

"Cool, so what do I get for a prize then?" I asked jokingly.

"What would you like?" My sister asked seriously. "Anything you'd like..." she added winking at me. "Anything at all. In the meantime however, while you're recuperating and thinking about that, how about you come over here and eat me," she grinned.

"Yeah, me too!" Darlene agreed as both girls now lay down on their backs as Jack and I situated ourselves comfortably between their legs and began doing just that.

"How're they doing?" Mom asked as dad placed the binoculars he'd been looking through down on top of the table sitting next to him.

"Oh you know the kids, they're out having fun on the water," he told her. "They'll be a while yet, the lakes calm today, so it will be another half hour or so before they've drifted in closer to the shore. That gives us a little time to ourselves," he added with a lustful look on his face.

Mom laughed, "I figured as much," she grinned knowingly, then slipped out of the blouse she was wearing so that dad had free access to play with her tits. "What would you like?" she asked, already knowing the answer.

"How about one of those world class blowjobs of yours," he told her, his hands already lovingly caressing mom's tits as she knelt down in front of him, taking his already hard prick in her mouth and beginning to suck it.

"Won't the kids be surprised to find out we're here?" she asked as she ran her tongue around the head of dad's cock.

Picking up the binoculars once again, he looked through them. "Oh yeah, I'm sure they will be," he stated as he smiled, and then moaned, and settled back to enjoy the job mom's mouth was doing to his cock as he sat back enjoying the sensation along with the view.

Half an hour later we had drifted in close enough to shore that it was time to get back into the launch and pull the pontoon in the rest of the way.

"Oh my God!" Darlene announced, pointing.

"What?" Everyone asked, now looking in that direction.

"Isn't that..." "Mom and dad's car!" Darlene finished for me. "They came up here anyway!" she stated excitedly, then worriedly as she glanced over towards the three of us as we all stood there looking at one another.

"Well, at least they won't be surprised to find us all naked out here ... so there is that!" I stated, though the realization that what we'd all be involved in had just come to a sudden and abrupt halt. Jessica must have been thinking that as well, as she quickly commented on it.

"Hey, we can still have some fun while we're here," she stated. "We'll just need to be a bit more careful about it when we do. And that can be fun too," she continued, "adds a bit of dangerous excitement to it don't you think?"

"Well, there IS that," Jack agreed. "But after everything we've done, it might be a bit harder for me to walk around in the nude in front of everyone, especially if the two of you do," he told her. "A bit easier for me to get a hard-on now, and that might be a bit hard to explain in front of mother."

"Yeah, being hard ... might indeed be hard," I laughed agreeing with him, and once again frowning as I realized that Jack and I would be sharing a bedroom together once again.

"Damn! I mean ... I'm glad they're here, that they made it up, but ... at the same time," I said leaving the thought unfinished.

"Yeah, I know what you mean," Darlene agreed, just then making out our dad as he stood up and walked over to the railing waving at us in the distance.

"You don't suppose..." She said looking over at Jessica somewhat worriedly.

"I doubt it," Jessica said. "Cause look, there's mom standing next to him, and she's waving at us now too. So I'm willing to bet they've just barely even got there, and I seriously doubt dad would have with mom hanging around."

"But ... what if he did?" Darlene wondered aloud.

"Then he did," Jessica said simply, as we all stood waving hello at our parents.

Unlike the first night, we spent it together fully clothed, which was odd enough in its own way. It was nice seeing mom and dad there however, and the evening soon relaxed into one of pleasant sociability's, much like it always did whenever we all went up there together. But the four of us occasionally cast glances back and forth at one another with sly looks on our faces whenever mom and dad weren't looking.

"How about some poker?" Dad soon suggested just as we all knew he would. It was another family ritual, though we all enjoyed playing together.

And to keep things interesting of course, we all bought in for twenty dollars, not so rich that it wasn't affordable for each of us, but enough so that the eventual winner would come away with a decent sum making the game worthwhile. And, it was also one of the rare few games that mom really enjoyed playing as well.

We'd only been at it a little over an hour, Jack had been the first one to go out, going all in on what he thought was a sure thing, only to find out that dad had an even higher straight than he did, taking him out after only a few short hands. I lasted a bit longer, slowly losing hand after hand, even though I thought each one of them to be a good one, until I too was forced to go all in, not catching the card I needed to win at the river, and thus being the second one to go out. Dad as usual was playing rather well, but so was Darlene, just about equal to him in total chips with mom just behind her, and Jessica hanging on by a thread.

"And then there were three," Darlene said, causing the three of us to laugh as we did so looking at one another knowingly as Jessica finally went out.

"What's so funny?" Dad asked.

"Oh, nothing really, just sort of an inside private joke," Jack told him. "Darlene sort of won the last game we played, and said the very same thing just before she did. So perhaps it's her way of jinxing you or something," Jack told him trying to misdirect the real reason for our laughter over her having said that.

"Oh yeah? Well, we'll see. I think the stakes are about to get pretty high here," dad said looking at his hole cards. Both mom and Darlene appeared to be sitting on pretty good hands as well, and it didn't look like anyone was about to fold either, if anything, this promised to be the final winning hand, one way or the other.

"Just seems a shame to call it on such a small insignificant pot," Dad stated trying to scare everyone, especially when he still had a goodly sized pile of chips and win or lose would still have enough left to keep playing.

"Well, I don't really have any more extra money with me to buy in any more," Darlene stated.

"Nor do I," Mom spoke agreeing with her.

"Well, we could still make it interesting," dad suggested. "Tell you what dear," he began. "You need to get a bit more capital if you want me to put in a few more chips than what you have there, provided you think your own hand is good enough of course," he told her once again peeking at his hole cards.

"What are you suggesting dear?" Mom said sarcastically speaking, as she knew dad well enough to know he was no doubt fishing for another one of her world class blowjobs if nothing else. And not that she minded doing it, because she didn't, but she generally saved that for a once a week sort of pleasuring as she figured dad would appreciate it more that way and not come to expect it all the time by her way of thinking.

"Tell you what, I'll give you twenty dollars credit for your blouse and bra," he told her, that should give you just enough to make me nearly go all in."

Mom looked at him and laughed. "Why? You see my tits all the time, and anytime you want to," she stated curiously.

"Yeah, but I wouldn't mind seeing them right now too," he added mischievously. "And it's not like the kids aren't used to seeing you running around naked every once in a while, especially when we're up here. So ... how about it?" dad asked once again. "Now's your chance if you think you've got a better hand than I do!"

"What about me?" Darlene asked. "I think I've got even less chips left than mom does!"

"Well, then same offer to you too," dad said a little surprisingly, though again, we'd all spent a goodly amount of time running around the lake naked, so it wasn't like he hadn't see the girls naked before, and we really had all gotten rather used to being around one another that way anyway.

"Sure, ok," Darlene agreed, "that sounds fair then."

"All right then, hand over the ah ... chips," dad grinned as mom and Darlene soon after exposed their breasts, baring them at the table as mom dealt the river card.

By the looks of it, dad was indeed sitting on another good hand, there was no real way of knowing what mom had, she always had had a pretty good poker face, but it was clearly evident that Darlene was out as she sighed forlornly, not getting the final card she needed for whatever hand she'd been hoping for. There were two queens now, two tens and an ace showing on the table. Everyone was fairly sure dad had either a full house which was the more likely, or even a straight, though holding onto something like that with the cards that were showing would have been risky at best.

"Too bad sweetie," dad grinned seeing the expression on her face as he turned over his hole cards and revealed that he did indeed hold a third ten as well as an Ace, giving him a full house, Ten's over aces.

"Not so fast there Bradford," Mom said using my dad's formal name, one that he hated hearing whenever she used it that way, which usually meant she had him by the balls, and in this case she really did as she revealed that she had two more queens sitting in her own hand which had given her a four of a kind!

"Fuck!" dad said in surprise, as mom had really suckered him in, leaving him with barely enough chips to even meet the next higher ante.

"And then there were two," Darlene sat smiling as mom looked over winking at her.

"So dear," mom began. "Looks like this will definitely be the last hand, one way or the other. So how about we really do make it interesting then?" she said.

"What do you have in mind?" he asked somewhat nervously.

"I know!" Jessica piped up, only then leaning over and whispering into mother's ear. We all watched as her face turned a little red, but she smiled and nodded her head.

"Great idea dear," she said giving our sister an affectionate kiss. "No different than what he'd want me to do!"

Now dad chuckled. "Oh, I see what we're up to," he stated. "Ok, we're all in on this hand then agreed?"

It was getting late, so mom agreed this would be the very last hand, it was all or nothing start to finish as Darlene rolled the cards with the hole cards showing this time.

We all groaned seeing that dad had been dealt pocket aces, with mom getting a two of diamonds along with a six of diamonds.

"Doesn't look good," she announced somewhat worriedly.

"You can always fold, I'll even make it easy on you tonight," he offered.

"That means he'll settle for a hand-job," Jessica spoke, causing my mother to blush furiously, though dad laughed heartedly at hearing that.

"She's right though," dad said agreeing with her. "If ... you fold now," he stated, otherwise..."

"Deal the cards," Mom said determinedly.

Darlene turned the card, a three of spades, giving neither one of them a better hand than what they were showing.

"Your bet," dad said warningly.

"Ok, I'll bet TWO orgasms!" she tossed back, garnering a nervous giggle from everyone, though we were now enjoying this sudden erotic play between our parents as they sat there, mom still sitting bare-breasted, which I had found myself looking at far longer than I probably should have, but even I had to admit to myself that mom still had a good looking pair of tits, and that her nipples were even considerably larger, not to mention harder at the moment than either one of my sisters were.

Dad sat back in his chair. "Two Orgasms?" he asked looking at her. "Ok, you're on!" he grinned wickedly. "Next card Darlene!"

Darlene rolled an Ace of diamonds, now giving dad three of a kind, though mom was only one diamond away from having a flush now as well.

"It's getting interesting now isn't it?" he said looking across at her. "What's the bet now?" he asked, "unless you're ready to give up and fold on two promised orgasms."

"No way in hell," mom shot back at him, making us all laugh as this had gotten pretty interesting under the circumstances, sitting here listening to our own parents betting on sex acts more or less. "And the bet is ... anywhere, any place, any time either of us wants it!" she spat at him challengingly.

"Oh yeah? Really? Anywhere? Anytime? Anyplace?"

"That's the bet! Now ... shut up, or put up!" Mom told dad much to everyone's surprise.

"I'm not sure you realize what you could be getting yourself into," dad warned her once again. "Might could be, or even happen in front of the kids you know," he said as though that would somehow back mom off, which we all sort of wondered about too as we sat looking at one another. A few of us had walked in on the two of them when they'd been doing it before, and it wasn't as though they ran around behind our backs pretending they never did. We all knew mom and dad had an active sex-life, we'd just never seen the two of them so openly chatting about it like this, even though they were doing it in the heat of the moment, using it as a betting chip as they did.

"Go ahead Darlene, deal the river card!"

It was a queen of diamonds, and mom smiled standing up. "Come on Bradford," she said holding out her hand to him. "I think there's a little matter of two promised orgasms to start with," she said as he laughed, standing himself and taking her hand as she began leading him up the stairs towards their bedroom.

"Good night kids!" she smiled out at us, "See you in the morning!"

Dad looked back at us as well, shrugging his head. "I really didn't lose you know," he laughed as he followed her up the stairs. And none of us could very well argue with that either.

One thing we were all very much aware of, was that the walls upstairs though not exactly paper thin, did allow for everyone to hear just about anything and everything that was going on. Deciding to give the two of them a bit more privacy to enjoy and express themselves, the four of us decided to make it a sleep-in down stairs and quickly gathered up a great deal of bedding to make it as comfortable as possible, along with stoking up the fireplace to keep it all nice and toasty warm too. But we also knew, in doing so, and using that as an excuse for our parents, that it would also give the four of us an opportunity to have a bit of fun ourselves, which was obviously apparent, as both Jack and I had been attempting to hide our now very obvious erections.

"All that sexy naughty talk make you horny?" Darlene asked me.

"That, and staring at your tits half the night," I told her.

"Oh? Sure it was just my tits and not moms?"

Darlene's comment took me by surprise, and for a moment I couldn't answer that, though she let me off the hook by continuing.

"Truth be told, mom really does have a nice set of boobs still," she confessed, and it really was rather interesting to see the two of them sitting there talking the way they were, and getting all naughty flirty with one another. Sort of made me a little horny too!" she confessed.

"Ditto that!" Jessica said having overheard our conversation. "I'm horny as hell now too, so let's get this enormous bed of ours made up ... and get to it!" she said quietly, "before I explode!"

The fire was almost too hot for me to sleep comfortably, though everyone else had done so easily, all curled up on the floor together huddled within the pile of comforters and blankets we'd piled up. Still naked, I had gone over to the refrigerator, now thirsty as well, pouring myself a glass of orange juice, which I now took with me outside as I stood on the porch. Even as cool as the night air was, it felt good, especially as hot as I'd been. And even though I had enjoyed a rather nice slow sweet climax in Jessica's pussy earlier, I found myself standing there once again aroused. It had always been like that for me however, the mountain air, the idea of being outdoors, standing naked as I now was, and masturbating as I had so often done up here. Just enjoying the peace and quiet, the freshness of the mountain air, for whatever reason, always seemed to arouse me more than normally.

"You remember the first time I ever caught you playing with yourself?"

I jumped at the sound of my mother's voice, spinning around as I did, though all that did was succeed in embarrassing myself even further as I stood there before her, one hand holding onto my orange juice which I'd partially spilled, and the other on my cock, which I now stood pointing at her.

"Mom!" I stammered seriously embarrassed. "I thought you'd be asleep!"

"Obviously," she smiled though I noticed her looking directly at me. "But you didn't answer my question," she added then, finally looking up into my eyes as I stood there, though rather than holding my dick, I was attempting to cover it with that same hand instead.

Her comment did make me laugh, and smile however as I remembered. "Yeah, I do," I said simply.

"And what did I tell you then when I saw you kneeling beneath the water faucet in the bathtub as it splashed down on you?"

"That it was a perfectly normal thing for people to do, and that I should never be embarrassed by doing it," I told her remembering the conversation we'd had about it then as though it was yesterday.
Continues...

Pages: Prev | 1 | 2 | 3 | 4 | Next

Home | Top | Thesandman's Page |   Feedback to author


Home | Thesandman's Page - Settings
Family Gathering
by Thesandman
Copyright© 2008 by Thesandman


Pages: Prev | 1 | 2 | 3 | 4 | Next

Continuation...

"Same thing holds true now," she told me as we stood there somewhat awkwardly. "And just so you know, I very often used to go outside onto the upper deck and do the very same thing myself during the warm summer nights," she confessed, though I had in fact once caught her outside doing just that, and then confessed to her I had.

"I know ... I watched you doing it once," I admitted to her openly.

"Hmm, always wondered who that was," she responded back. "Now I guess I know."

Though mom was wearing a bathrobe, it had no sash to it, so she'd been holding it more or less closed with one hand. "May I?" she asked reaching for my orange juice, which I then gave to her to drink from. As she did, her robe fell open revealing her obvious nakedness beneath it, though upon handing me my drink back, she allowed it to remain open as we both stood side by side one another looking out at the night sky.

"I always enjoyed watching your father when he did that," she said softly turning back to face me as she leaned against the railing, her robe fully open as she stood there looking at me. Though my cock had softened somewhat, it was still hovering on the verge of being fully erect, and I had given up all pretense of hiding it now under the circumstances. "And I didn't mean to interrupt you while enjoying it," she added. "Like I said, something about being up here, enjoying the out of doors has always been sensual and erotic feeling to me as well."

"That's ok, you didn't really, I was just sorta ... well, not really just jerking off to be jerking off, I ah probably didn't even realize that I..."

"David?"

"Yeah?"

"You're rambling. If you'd feel more comfortable, I'll go back inside, but to be perfectly honest, I'd enjoy watching you," mom said softly speaking.

"Really? You would?"

"Yes David, I would. Maybe that sounds horrible, that your own mother would enjoy watching her own son playing with himself, but up here, for some reason, I feel like it's a different place, a different world almost, where we're the only people that exist, and that there isn't moral judgments to be adhered to or placed on anyone. Does that even make any sense to you?" she asked.

"Yeah mom, it does. I probably shouldn't say anything..."

"Then don't," she said interrupting me. "If there's something to say, then it will be said when it's time. I already have a pretty good idea as it is now, but let's just leave it at that for the moment shall we?"

I smiled, nodding my head, though simultaneously watching as mom dropped her hand down between her legs, she laughed slightly as she did, seeing the look in my face. "Never did get that second orgasm," she told me. "Though the first one was nice enough," she added. "Before your father fell asleep anyway."

I had to laugh at that though I found myself becoming rapidly aroused as mom stood there slowly encircling her clit with her fingers as she openly spread herself. "So ... do you mind?" she asked somewhat nervously.

"No ... not at all," I answered, my own hand once again grasping my prick as I stood there, slow-stroking it as it hardened within my hand, the pleasurable sensations quickly returning, even more so now as I heard the subtle increased breathing as mom increased her own motions matching my own as she leaned against the railing, one hand between her legs, the other now reaching up to clasp one of her breasts which she likewise began fondling and playing with as she watched me.

"I hope you don't take this wrong by my saying this mom, but ... you still have a damn fine looking body," I said with a bit of a quiver in my voice as I spoke, still somewhat nervous perhaps that I was standing there yanking on my cock in front of her for one thing, but for another, finding it extremely arousing to be doing so while watching her doing the same thing.

"Thank you," she beamed, and though I couldn't clearly see it, I believed she was also blushing, though that too may have been from the sudden flush of arousal she was experiencing at the moment too. "Not too bad for an old lady then huh?"

"No mom, not bad at all, and you're certainly not old either!"

I could see by the half-glazed look in her eyes that she was rapidly approaching orgasm, as I now was, just seeing that. The sudden sensation of tingling pleasure already beginning to tickle the release that I now knew was only moments away. She must have seen it in my eyes as well however, as she commented on it.

"You getting close?"

"Oh yeah ... you?"

"Oh yeah," she smiled, "Come closer to me, so I can feel it when you do."

"Feel it?"

"Yes, I want to feel it squirting on me," she announced wantonly. "I like that, I like to feel it splashing against me," she stated as I stepped forward only a mere foot or so away from her.

"Where?"

"Where ever you'd like," she said through gritted teeth and I knew she was even then hovering on the edge of her own pleasure, waiting for me.

"Fuck!" I said seconds later, the sweet pleasure of ecstasy already making its way up my shaft before I could prolong or delay it any further.

"Yes! Yes! Give it to me!" Mom cried out, tumbling over the edge now herself, as the first spurt of my lurching prick bathed the bottom half of the breast she was still holding, watching as another, and then another likewise sprayed out against her covering her other breasts along with her lower belly. Mom swiped up a bit of my essence with her hand, hurriedly placing it back against her clit, which she then used to finish off the orgasm that she was obviously still having. "Oh fuck David!" she cried out one last time, then collapsed fully in the chair sitting behind her, still gently fingering herself, though her eyes had closed now as she savored the last moments of her pleasured release.

Afterwards, she stood there before me, cum hanging on her, dripping and running everywhere. "Good grief David, do you ALWAYS cum like that?" she asked. She really was a mess, but it looked damn erotic too as she continued to snatch at it with her fingers, licking it off, or merely rubbing it into her skin.

"Most of the time yes, especially when I'm really ... really horny," I admitted, then adding, "And watching you a few moments ago, really did." Mom smiled, grinned really, and then leaned over giving me a quick affectionate little kiss.

"Well, I'd best get inside," she said yawning, "I'm sure we're all going to have a busy day tomorrow."

If I hadn't been sleepy before, I certainly was now. We affectionately hugged briefly, receiving yet another kiss, and then I followed her back inside where she quietly made her way back up the stairs as I tiptoed through the sea of my brother and sister's still curled up in a ball together on the floor.

"Good night David ... and thank you," she said turning as she continued the climb back up the stairs.

"Good night mom," I replied and then slid back in between my two sisters, though Darlene's eyes popped opened as I did so.

"What was mom thanking you for?" Darlene whispered quietly.

"Oh, nothing really, we just had a little chat outside while we shared an orange juice together," I told her.

"Ah huh..." she said, and then took my hand placing it over her bare breast, and rolled over quickly going back to sleep.

One of the things that Darlene and I had always enjoyed doing together whenever we went up to the lake, was going for a long hike, enjoying the scenery as well as the wild life that we very often stumbled across. After breakfast we set out to do just that, just as Jack headed out down to the lakeshore to do a little fishing off the pier, as did Jessica. And even though she hated cleaning fish, she enjoyed fishing almost as much as he did.

Darlene and I had been gone about two hours and were just making our way back to the cabin. Much to my delight, she had worn a cut off pair of Levi shorts with a great deal of her butt-cheeks hanging out, and nothing else. Though she had taken a tee shirt along with her, she had tucked that inside her belt, thus walking sometimes ahead of me, or beside me with her beautiful bare breasts bouncing about.

We soon after reached the cabin, spent a moment or two there only to discover no one was around, and decided to head down to the lake shore to see how the fishing had gone for Jack and Jessica. Making our way down the deer path towards the lake we could just see through the trees the outline of the shore where Jack and Jessica also appeared to be, but they also appeared to be doing something more than just fishing, though their poles remained in the water, it was clearly evident that Jack's pole was inside Jessica's cunt.

"Wait!" Darlene said grabbing my arm just before I began to head off in their direction. "Look!" she then whispered pointing in a slightly different direction.

Following her gaze I soon spotted mom and dad. They stood a short distance ahead of us, or rather dad was as he stood behind mom who was bent over, her hands resting on a fallen tree, using it for support as the two of them stood naked together, fucking.

"Wow!" Darlene giggled. "They're watching Jack and Jessica going at it!" Which they obviously were, with dad fucking mom in the exact same position that Jack was currently fucking our sister a few yards away down on the beach from where mom and dad remained hidden within the tree-line. We stood, my eyes going back and forth, watching two pairs of tits swinging to and fro as both mom and Jessica got fucked from behind, almost stroke for stroke as it appeared as we stood there watching them.

"You thinking what I'm thinking?" Darlene asked.

"I am now!" I told her, and quickly stepped out of my own shorts just as she did. Carefully and quietly, we made our way over to a nearby tree, where Darlene leaned forward against it, likewise bracing herself as I stepped up behind her and eased my now rock hard prick into her slick wet pussy.

"I wonder how long they've known?" Darlene asked.

"I think, probably longer than any of us realized they have," I told her. "Mom sort of eluded to that last night when she and I stood out on the porch together."

"That reminds me, just exactly what did mom thank you for anyway, and don't tell me it was for sharing a glass of orange juice with her either!"

I laughed, though quietly, still enjoying the feel of Darlene's slick cunt as it caressed my prick, which I slowly continued to slide in and out of her as we slow-fucked together, watching mom and dad, watching Jack and Jessica doing the very same thing.

"I jerked off for mom while she watched me," I told her.

"Nah ah!" Darlene said looking back over her shoulder towards me. "You did?"

"Oh yeah, and not only that, I watched her get herself off while I did, I tell you sis, mom's still got a pretty good looking body too."

"Yeah, I can see that," Darlene said once again looking over towards them. "She really does, I just hope I'll still have the looks she does when I'm her age."

"I think you will," I told her. "It's in the bloodline, but yeah ... have to admit, it was pretty erotic standing there watching her, as she stood watching me."

"Sorta like this then?"

"Oh yeah ... very much so, except of course, they have no idea that we are."

"Well, they probably will in a minute or two then."

"Oh? Why's that?"

"Because ... I'm gonna cum!"

It's funny how sound really can travel over the water as well as through the forest if the conditions are right. And it just so happened that they were. Darlene wasn't kidding when she said she was about to cum either, we were both pretty horny from our long hike together anyway before we'd even gotten here. One of the things we'd always enjoyed doing, was teasing one another as we walked. Sometimes I did so, my cock sticking out of my shorts, which Darlene enjoyed holding onto, stroking it as we walked along, and obviously with her beautiful bare breasts showing, I had taken advantage of several opportunities whenever we'd stopped to look at something, to stand behind her, thumbing and fingering her incredibly hard nipples whenever we did. Even taking it further to occasionally worm my finger up the almost crotch-less covering of her shorts, enjoying the slickness of her wet pussy as we stood their briefly together before moving on.

Darlene's shrill cry of pure unbridled ecstasy filled the air, even a few birds took flight as she came, though my attention wasn't drawn to them so much at the moment, as it was towards where mom and dad were, as like one, they both turned their heads around spotting us, surprised looks on their faces briefly, soon turning into broad smiles as they realized we'd caught them watching Jack and Jessica below them. And looking that way, Jack and Jessica too had now looked up, spotting mom and dad, and then us as we all stood there looking back and forth at one another.

"Well, you certainly brought that all out in the open, I'll give you that," I told my sister as we slowly walked towards where mom and dad were now standing, though it was still a little weird for me as we did so, to see him step back as mom stood up, his prick still angrily hard as he calmly greeted us, mom now laughing as both Jack and Jessica made their way towards them from the beach so that soon the six of us stood in the small little clearing together naked as jay-birds, with the male half of that species, still sporting fairly erect cocks.

"Well, how about we go back and fix some lunch while we talk?" Mom suggested and immediately began heading back towards the cabin. "Obviously, it's probably time we had a family chat."

"Obviously," Jessica said smiling as she walked by our father looking down at his prick as he stood next to Jack just as Darlene joined the other two heading off towards the cabin.

"And of course, we're the one's standing here with our own dick's in hand," dad said, and then slowly sauntered behind the girls with Jack and I soon after following.

We had done it before, but it somehow felt different for some reason. As we all took seats outside around the large patio table, still in the nude as the girls carried out the lunch mom had prepared to eat, there was an air of uncertainty as we sat down.

"So, how long have you known?" Jessica asked bluntly, which didn't surprise anyone.

Mom laughed looking over towards dad. "Not long," she admitted, "to be perfectly honest about it. I mean, we always knew that as kids growing up together that you'd no doubt explore some of your curiosities together, and we certainly never frowned on it as it was a natural and completely normal thing for the four of you to do, especially being twins and all. But as far as either one of us knowing you'd actually decided to take it beyond that? Not until we got here and saw you all out on the lake together. Then we knew!"

"I knew it! Jessica said looking over at the three of us. "Told you!" Then she turned back around to mom and dad, "But just so you know ... we hadn't done anything beyond what you already stated, until this very weekend, then we played a game, and it just sort of happened after that."

"That still doesn't surprise us," mom said speaking for them both. "We've kind of been half expecting it anyway, as close as the four of you all are, and with all the changes that will soon be taking place within this family before long. Was just a matter of time before it did happen, and like your father and I discussed, as far as we're concerned, you're all adults and free to make up your own minds about yourselves and one another, just as we have."

"Meaning what?" Jack asked. "Sounds to me like there's more behind that comment than you're telling us."

Once again mom turned towards dad, but he merely smiled and shook his head in acknowledgement of that, giving her the "go ahead" to whatever she was eluding to. "Well, since we're obviously all coming clean here, might as well fill you in on the rest of the story," she stated as she quickly took a sip of her wine. The four of us sat expectantly waiting, wondering as we did what else was about to be revealed to us that we didn't know about.

"You might as well know, especially now, that your aunt Jackie and I have enjoyed a similar on-going experience over the years now, just as you have."

Jack had in fact been named after our aunt, mom's younger sister, who we hadn't seen in nearly three years now as she lived out on the East coast, and didn't come to visit as often as any of us would have liked, especially as we now discovered, including mom. We all loved Aunt Jackie, always looked forward to her visits whenever we did see her, but had never in a million years ever considered or thought that the two of them had enjoyed an even more intimate relationship together than that.

"So maybe that will explain to some degree, why your father and I aren't too terribly surprised, or certainly upset or worried about the fact that the four of you finally came together."

"So ... tell us," Darlene urged, obviously you've managed to keep it a pretty good secret, even with her living so far away."

Mom then explained how when Aunt Jackie would use to come for her annual visits, it was usually during the time just before school let out for the summer, which we all clearly recalled. And the reason she did that, was to ensure that she would still have time, especially over the weekends to spend with us, but that during the day when we were all off to school, she and mother would have some special private time alone to themselves. Obviously dad was well aware of all this too, and as mom continued, she also informed everyone that once in a while, he would take off from work, come home earlier than usual, and join the two of them for a nice erotic little threesome together.

"Holy shit! Aunt Jackie!" I said aloud not even realizing that I had, producing more than a few amused chuckles in the process. "Who'd have thought?"

It wasn't that our Aunt Jackie was any sort of a prude, or even dressed like one. She didn't, and certainly wasn't. She would often joke with us, even tell dirty stories or jokes on occasion with us individually, dependent upon our maturity level at the time. But something we had all known for a long time, and had come to embrace and accept about her, was that Aunt Jackie was a lesbian, and had always been one as far as we knew, and as far as mom had explained to us. So to hear that she and mom had fooled around, wasn't nearly as big a surprise as to discover that the three of them had fooled around together.

"The one thing about your Aunt Jackie was, she hated being labeled, though she certainly lived with another woman at the time, and preferred a woman's company as opposed to a man's, didn't mean she didn't occasionally enjoy having sex with a man either. But she likewise didn't wear the label of being considered bi-sexual either. Anyway, shortly before your father and I decided to get married, your Aunt Jackie and I sat down and talked about it, talked about everything the two of us had done and shared together over the years, and made a promise to one another that just because I was getting married, and because she was herself then living with her companion at the time, that neither of which would keep the two of us from periodically enjoying one another just as we've always done. But ... part of that agreement, was that I needed to tell your father about it before hand, before we were married, so that he'd know, as well as willingly accept that fact so there wouldn't be any surprises when we did. And the last thing I wanted to do was run around behind his back, even if it was my very own sister. And, to sweeten the pot so to speak, it was your Aunt Jackie that actually suggested that we occasionally included him whenever she came for a visit, which obviously ... he agreed to."

"Obviously," Dad said grinning, the first word he had even spoken since mom began telling the story.

"So ... to make a long story short, now you know why we weren't really all that surprised. If anything, I think we're more surprised to discover that at least some of you, if not all of you, hadn't done something like this together before now!"

"Well, things certainly make a lot more sense now," Jessica stated, as it really did to all of us, though it was still a bit of a surprise to imagine Aunt Jackie and dad getting it on. Not that Aunt Jackie looked like a lesbian really either, or at least not a stereotypical one that most people often thought of in the real sense of the word. Jackie wore her hair long, which she usually kept in a ponytail, and still did. She wore makeup, though not a lot of it, and even dressed in very feminine attire on occasion, though she preferred the natural more comfortable fit of a good pair of jeans and a blouse or sweater more than anything else. Even most of her previous lovers, especially her last companion, looked anything BUT like a lesbian might be expected to look.

"Anyway," mom continued. "The other reason why I thought it was best to bring this all out into the open now, is because she decided to tie this year's visit into this week we're spending up here together, especially after the small little scare regarding your father. So ... she'll be here tomorrow. Dad and I are driving down to the city to pick her up, so we'll probably be gone all day, and won't be arriving back until later on in the evening."

"Way cool!" We all announced excitedly together upon hearing the news.

"Um mom?"

"Yes David?" she asked.

"Um, ah ... you gonna tell her about us?"

"Why of course!" Mom said simply. "I've never kept a secret from your Aunt Jackie, and I'm certainly not about to keep one from her now. And just so you know, she's the one that told me that she thought the four of you would eventually end up getting together, only sooner rather than later. That's the only area she sort of missed, as she thought you'd have been doing something together far earlier than now."

"Well then, that's a relief!" Jack said feeling a lot more comfortable about everything. "So in other words, we don't have to run around behind anyone's back now ... not ever again in fact!"

"Not as far as your father or I are concerned no, nor your Aunt Jackie either I can safely say. But, I will say this ... I think that while we're here up at the cabin that whatever we do, whatever we experience or enjoy with one another, needs to stay here. Outside of that, it could cause a great deal of problems for everyone, especially for your father and I, and even your Aunt Jackie. So ... can we all agree on that?"

We did, unequivocally, which in a way, we'd already agreed to even before now.

"Well, now that that's all settled, anyone in the mood for a game? Because I certainly am!" Jessica said.

"Ah oh..." Darlene mused. "She has that look in her eye once again."

"What look?" Dad asked looking over towards her.

"You'll see," Darlene warned him, but then dad suddenly had the same look on his face that Jessica did.

"Now I know where she got that from!" Jack stated looking back and forth between the two of them as they sat with the same silly grin on their faces.

Long ago, mom and dad had made it a point of keeping the modern conveniences down to a minimum, which was the main reason we still didn't have a TV at the cabin, not even for watching movies on. They did have a couple of radios, though those were primarily used for emergency purposes, though later on, as kids, we were allowed to occasionally listen to music, though only then as long as we kept it down and to a minimum. So it was, we'd collected a rather extensive amount of board games that we often played together as a family. One of the reasons perhaps that Jessica still had such a pension for playing games, and seemed to delight in it, whenever we still did, especially lately, when it came to playing the more adult versions she'd soon got the rest of us involved in.

For as late in the summer as it was, the days were still warm though the night had begun to get cooler. Jessica had gone in, coming back out a short time later with an all too familiar game in her hands.

"Twister?" Mom said raising her eyebrows? "God Jessica, I'm not sure I'm agile enough to play something like that ... and naked?" she asked secondly.

"Nonsense!" Jessica stated already unfolding the multicolored plastic mat laying it out on the ground. "And besides, I think you and dad might actually enjoy this version of the game."

Even dad had frowned, starting to wave Jessica's idea off until he'd heard her say what she had. Suddenly, he had that same silly grin on his face he'd been wearing only moments ago.

"Which is?" He then asked interestedly.

We all quickly gathered around to listen to whatever "rules" Jessica had obviously come up with, which was something she was famous for doing, and we'd all learned to simply accept whatever it was once we'd decided to go along with it. And under the circumstances, playing twister in the nude suddenly sounded really interesting.

"For the most part, we play normal rules, the difference being in this x-rated version, we all score additional points for managing to accomplish different things."

"Like what?" Jack asked impatiently.

"I was just getting to that," she said staring him down. "After you've spun the wheel and placed whatever body part it's told you to place on whatever color comes up, when anyone can then either manage to connect up," she said grinning making it clearly obvious as to what she meant by that, "They both get five points. Anyone who's in a position to perform an oral sex act on someone else scores three points. And anyone who can at the very least touch someone else in a sexual way, scores two points. Now then, anyone falling over, or unable to position themselves according to the way the game is normally played in the meantime, is then out for that round. We'll play a few rounds, see how it goes, and keep track of everyone's individual points, how's that sound?"

It sounded deliciously wicked, especially as we'd now be including our own parents in our newfound intimate adventures.

"Ok David, looks like your first!" Jessica stated as I spun the wheel and placed my right foot on a blue circle.

Eventually everyone including Jessica had done so, the mix-mash of positions already getting interesting as we began the second spin of the wheel. We decided that there had to be at least two turns before anyone could start claiming points, but I immediately did so, having to place my right hand on a yellow circle, still keeping my right foot on a blue one. This put me directly in front of mom, so since I was in the position to do so, I placed my mouth right next to her pussy and licked her.

"Oh my!" Mom exclaimed, half jumping after I had, not entirely expecting it, much to the surprise and delight of everyone else, including dad who laughed uproariously. "Leave it to David to be the first one to lick someone's split!" he stated.

"Which scores three points by the way," Jessica grinned as Darlene was next to take a turn, though the best she could come away with was a cock grab as she found herself standing, spread legs apart and just managed to reach over and grab Jack's. "And that's only good for one point," Jessica noted.

It probably would have been a fun game under normal circumstances, but this wasn't, not really. No one had said or mentioned anything about not doing what was begun. And as I continued to kneel there, I continued licking mom's cunt. Pretty soon, she threw away all pretense to what I was doing, and simply sat down in front of me laying back, likewise, I gave up as well, and began to seriously suck her clit like there was no tomorrow.

"Well, so much for that idea!" Jack exclaimed laughing, seeing the surprised look on Jessica's face as she stood there holding her neatly arranged clipboard with our scores on it. Seconds later, she was laughing too, and tossed it over her head behind her.

"Well, don't just stand there watching the two of them going at it!" She exclaimed. "Someone better get their ass over here and start eating me too!"

I've never seen my father move so fast before.

It was probably a damn good thing we were in such a remote spot and that it was such a nice warm day. Everywhere you looked, there seemed to be someone doing something to somebody. The fact that I had gotten my own mother off with my mouth didn't really dawn on me until afterwards. And even then, it didn't feel strange or weird in anyway. Maybe the fact that we'd all come to accept that "up here" was something that transcended normal value, morals or rules. I don't know, but the incredible closeness we all felt while being here now included our own parents. I had watched both Jessica as well as Darlene eventually fondling or sucking off our father, with each eventually fucking him until they'd exhausted him thoroughly. I had also watched mom lovingly pleasure Jack while she sat on my prick, facing away from me, Jack standing over the two of us as she held him in her mouth, Jessica and Darlene at the time in a very similar position over dad.

The following morning mom and dad left to pick up our Aunt Jackie from the airport. The four of us spent the better part of the day recuperating from the past couple of days, wondering while we did what our Aunt might do or say once she'd been told everything. And though we had all learned much about her own relationship with mom and dad, it didn't necessarily mean, nor had any of us given thought to the fact that she'd willingly accept that, or have any desires whatsoever to include any of us should she even wish to continue on her own intimacies either with mom, or dad let alone any of us.

So it was that we just spent the day together out on the lake, sunbathing, napping and doing a little swimming without any sort of sexual activities whatsoever. We had just finished preparing a light easy dinner, something that could be served shortly after their return when we heard dad's car pulling up on the gravel driveway next to the cabin. The four of us scurried outside to greet my Aunt, somewhat nervously as we did.

Aunt Jackie had hardly changed at all since the last time we had all seen her, but obviously to her, we had as she came to embrace us all individually the moment she got out of the car. She still wore her hair in the same long ponytail she always had, and had the same somewhat freckled tan that spread across her more than ample breasts, just peeking through the man's denim work-shirt that she wore, one more button open than what some might consider appropriate. But that was Aunt Jackie.

"Well, well! Obviously the four of you have certainly grown up some since the last time I saw you all, in several ways," she paused smiling, letting us know as she did that mom and even dad most likely had already filled her in. "Well, don't just stand there with shit eating grins on your faces! Get the rest of my luggage and bring it in, we have a lot of catching up to do!"

Jack and I grabbed the luggage, one large and two small bags, looking at one another curiously. Aunt Jackie was only going to be here five days, but from the looks of it, you'd have thought she was staying over a month!

"Beats me!" Dad said shrugging his shoulders, as though he'd been reading our minds, obviously he'd been surprised too when they picked her up from the airport. But Jack and I soon followed everyone inside as the girls were already chatting away merrily as they showed Aunt Jackie up to what would have been our room, though we'd already discussed the sleeping arrangements previously, with Jack and I already prepared to be sleeping downstairs next to the fire place on the floor.

And we did indeed catch up over dinner, soon after coming back inside as the night cooled. So far, nothing at all had been mentioned about our mutual family intimacies, though we had all silently wondered about her thoughts during most of the evening, waiting for Aunt Jackie to be the one to rise up the subject, if she even did. But that question was soon answered for us.

After we had come back inside, Aunt Jackie had gone upstairs to her room coming down a short time later wearing a comfortable looking bathrobe, and carrying one of her two small bags she'd brought along with her.

"We're going to need some comfy space," she stated simply tossing her small bag down on the floor along with several throw pillows off the couch. We all looked back and forth at one another wondering, though I noticed that mom was already smiling, if not downright laughing as Jackie continued to rearrange things to her satisfaction. Once she had done so, she turned facing Jack and I along with dad. "You three take a load off for a while," she began. "You're certainly invited to watch if you'd like, but in the beginning, I just want some time to really get to know my nieces," she stated. I honestly thought when she said that, that she was talking about "just the women" spending the balance of the evening yap yapping together or something in front of the fire, but even before she'd finished speaking, she had taken off her robe, revealing the fact that she was entirely naked beneath it.

"Well? You two just going to stand there gawking at me? Or are you going to join your mother and I?"

Mom indeed had already begun removing her clothing the moment Aunt Jackie had peeled off her robe. Darlene and Jessica suddenly flew into action, soon doing the same, moments later the four of them all naked together now, settled into and onto the sea of couch cushions and throw pillows she had so carefully arranged.

"Like I said, you three can certainly watch if you'd like, and even do whatever, but for a while, it's just gonna be us girls," she said with a no nonsense tone of voice as she looked at us.

Dad quickly took a seat on one of the nearby over-sized chairs, Jack taking the other matching twin leaving me with the couch, though I didn't mind that so much as I was also the closest to the four women as they soon joined one another down on the floor. And then acting as though we weren't even there, Aunt Jackie soon positioned herself, directing mom to join her, which she soon did, sliding almost immediately into a position that the two of them were obviously very familiar with. Scissoring themselves against one another, they began an erotic dance of sorts, slowly pressing themselves pussy to pussy as Jackie had Darlene pour a small amount of lubricant between them until they were slick, gliding even more easily against one another.

"Play with my breasts honey," Aunt Jackie told Darlene, and you play with your mothers," she likewise directed Jessica. "Then afterwards, we'll do the same thing for you two," she finished.

Once again, the four of them didn't even acknowledge the fact the three of us were even there, not even when dad slid his pants down around his ankles and sat fondling his hard prick did they even acknowledge that. They were so absorbed in their own little isle of Lesbos there on the floor, as mom and her sister reacquainted themselves, joyfully grinding their cunts against one another until they seemed to reach a mutual climax, their ecstasy and pleasure clearly being seen and heard as they came.
Continues...

Pages: Prev | 1 | 2 | 3 | 4 | Next

Home | Top | Thesandman's Page |   Feedback to author


Home | Thesandman's Page - Settings
Family Gathering
by Thesandman
Copyright© 2008 by Thesandman


Pages: Prev | 1 | 2 | 3 | 4 | Next

Continuation...

Uncunting, and without even speaking the words, Darlene soon slipped between mom's legs, with Jessica doing the same to our Aunt, now licking them both simultaneously as the four lay side by side, turning that into a mutual daisy chain as Mom began licking Jessica, who was of course licking our Aunt, who was then eating Darlene's pussy as the four of them lay erotically so intertwined with one another.

"Damn!" I heard Jack groan softly, only then glancing over towards him, seeing that he too had now freed his own prick and like dad, sat contentedly jerking himself off while he watched the spectacle of soft female flesh below him. With both Jack and my father now doing that, I soon joined them, my prick was already throbbing urgently enough as it was. Kicking back on the couch, I soon removed my jeans entirely, now laying on my side watching the girls on the floor below as they moved from the circle of cunnilingus delight into something else entirely once again at my Aunt Jackie' suggestion.

She'd instructed my sisters to pretty much get into the same "scissored" position that she and mom had gotten into themselves when all this began, which they did, but then I watched as she reached over unzipping the small bag she had carried down the stairs.

"Ah yeah, thought you two might enjoy trying this," she stated reaching in, and then drawing out what appeared to be one of those double dildo's which it was, though obviously a bit more than that too. Turning on the small side switch to show them, we all watched as it seemed to wiggle about all by itself, twisting and turning randomly as it rested within her hands. "Obviously, you can increase the speed too!" she announced, "but this one's nice while you're getting used to it."

"Holy shit!" Jessica exclaimed wide-eyed, but more than eager to try it out. We all watched as mom gingerly guided in one half of it into Darlene's cunt as Aunt Jackie helped Jessica with her half of it. Once it was comfortably inside both of them, and once they had managed to press themselves together again, Jackie switched it on.

"Fuck me!" Jessica exclaimed almost immediately, though the look on Darlene's face said the very same thing though she remained speechless, yet wild-eyed. Both Jackie and mom laughed.

"It is indeed doing just that sweetie!" Jackie exclaimed, "Though it feels even better when you help things along by pushing with it, and against it," she further instructed.

I lay on the couch watching, my prick harder than ever as I stroked it, watching the look on my sister's faces as they lay there humping against one another, the double-dildo completely out of sight now however, connecting the two of them internally as mom now pulled on and played with Darlene's breasts and nipples just the way she liked it, with Aunt Jackie doing the same to Jessica's, though leaning over on occasion to suck and nip at them just as she liked as well.

"Obviously, they've already shared notes!" Jack commented, once again briefly stealing a look his way when he did, seeing him fisting his prick rapidly now, sitting up, though leaning forward as he did as Darlene looked at him through glazed smiling eyes watching him jerk off only inches away from her face.

"Give it to me!" she breathed hotly. Jack slid from his chair onto the floor now joining them, and though it might not have been my Aunt Jackie's initial plan, she soon smiled towards me, motioning me over towards her as well.

"Might as well come join us too then," she stated inviting both dad and I over simultaneously. "Been a while since I've had two cocks to suck," she then stated, informing us both as to what her intentions and desires were. Dad and I just smiled at one another somewhat shyly at first as Aunt Jackie placed our respectively sized pricks against one another, holding them there within her hand, then somehow managing to place her mouth over the two of us together, not quite fitting us both fully in, but enough so that it felt oddly nice, and looked even more so as she knelt there sucking the two of us with our cocks pressed together side by side.

Kneeling there, seeing this, feeling this, I then glanced over towards Jack, saw that mom had now joined Darlene in licking his cock, two pairs of lips wrapping about it as he tossed his head back, eyes closed, obviously enjoying it. The sensation below of Darlene and Jessica, still rhythmically humping against one another, the soft whir of the vibrating spastic prick inside the two of them as they continued fucking one another, merely added to the almost overwhelming sensory input my own cock was feeling from all of this. But it was Jessica's probing finger that did it for me quite unexpectedly a moment or two later. She had wet her finger, sucking it, and then placed it against my ass, teasing me for several moments. I soon felt the gentle push of it inside, then more as her finger slid home tickling my prostate as she wormed it around, the simultaneous sensation of Aunt Jackie's mouth still soft-sucking the super-sensitive head of my dick.

"Oh fuck!" I exclaimed, feeling the surge, unable to control it as it had come about so unexpectedly.

Truth was, I didn't know who actually came first, me or dad, as we both seemed to do so simultaneously. Looking down, feeling the eruption begin, I was surprised to see an almost identical one leaping from the head of dad's prick as well. Aunt Jackie was suddenly fighting to consume the two of us, eventually giving up and just delighting in watching us as we sprayed her, as well as one another as she continued holding onto our pricks, pumping them up and down against one another, both cocks still spurting, juicing, and spraying fuck butter everywhere.

It was at that moment I then heard Jack's own cry of release, the deep-throated groan, drawing my still half-closed eyes over that way. I watched as his spunk flew into my sister's mouth as she greedily accepted it, only reluctantly giving way, as she then shared his prick with our mother, feeding it to her as she too then sucked it, drawing from it the last remaining spurts of his own powerfully intense orgasm.

I along with Jack and dad soon after collapsed, all three of us retreating back to our respective positions on the chairs and the couch.

"Well, now that the three of you are all out of the way again for a while, we can go back to enjoying ourselves," Aunt Jackie stated, though she was grinning lewdly at us when she said it. "At least when we're all ready for you three again, you'll be able to last a bit longer perhaps."

It was clearly evident that both Darlene as well as Jessica were nearing their own pleasures by now, as punctuated by my one sister's breathing, and by Darlene's continued glazed look, that looked even further away at this point. Jackie then scooted over to one side, some sort of silent signal passing between her and my mother as she then did the same, inching along down the opposite side, where they both then reached over, spreading the respective splits of my sisters, and even more fully exposing their tender hard pink clits. Then as one, they leaned over, capturing each, and sucked.

It was a single explosive comment announced simultaneously, "Oh fuck!" As they both came.

As Darlene and Jessica lay there trying to collect themselves and gather their wits about them, Aunt Jackie once again reached inside the small black bag.

"I forget, who went first last time?" she asked.

"You did," mom answered simply.

"Ah yeah, you're right," Jackie said smiling as she then drew out what appeared to be some sort of strap on device, a black leather harness with a rather real looking cock like appendage hooked to it which she soon after handed over to mother.

I said nothing, as neither did any of us, watching mom as she nonchalantly strapped on the enormous fake prick and then stood patiently waiting on my Aunt. "How would you like me?" she asked.

"How else? On your knees!" Mom grinned wickedly as Aunt Jackie immediately assumed the position facing towards me as I now sat up, as was my prick in facing her.

"Hmm, that's something I haven't enjoyed doing in a while," she then added before mom could snuggle herself up behind her. Aunt Jackie then half-crawled over towards the couch where I was sitting. "How'd you like to titty-fuck me?" she asked, "While your mother's fucking me from behind?"

"Oh ... hell yes!" I responded eagerly, then slid forward on the couch just enough that I remained comfortably positioned as Aunt Jackie cupped her breasts, placing them warmly and snuggly around my erect prick.

"Ok Darla," Aunt Jackie said addressing mom, "Put it in!"

Mom began fucking my Aunt, as she in turn held her breasts sandwiching my cock in between them. Her enormous hard nipples actually rubbing along the side of my shaft as she bent them inwards, ensuring she too felt pleasure from it as she self-stimulated her nipples while simultaneously masturbating my shaft with her tits.

"Pour a little lubricant on us," She told Darlene who had finally sat up, taking a renewed interest in what was now going on. I felt the warm slick oil bathing my cock, now far more slippery as my Aunt worked her tits up and down my shaft, mom still kneeling behind, driving the fake prick in and out of my Aunt's cunt, causing her to groan uncontrollably as she did so. "There's another one in the bag if you want to try it out," she told Darlene, who grinned looking over towards her sister.

"Sure! Why the hell not?" Jessica agreed, helping my sister with it as they soon after joined the three of us side by side.

"Would you like me to titty-fuck you Jack?" Jessica asked, only having to ask him once as he quickly came over to the couch sitting down next to me, Jessica now likewise wrapping her own marvelous tits around my brother's cock until the two of us were being gloriously tit-bated side by side, while Darlene fucked Jessica, and Mom continued slamming into Aunt Jackie's wet slippery cunt from behind her. Each one now making wet slapping flesh noises as they thrust away, sloppy slick cunt sounds as the juices flowed becoming even more abundant during their respective couplings.

Dad was the only one seemingly left out, though he obviously didn't seem to mind it too much, now standing and walking over to stand behind mom and Darlene, once again fisting his re-aroused cock.

"Let me know when you're getting close, so I can try and time mine with yours," Jackie told me, which I did several minutes later, feeling the telltale sensation of sweetness suddenly build alerting me to that fact.

"Ah ... fuck, soon!" I warned her. "Soon!"

"Now Darla, now!" Aunt Jackie responded, as did mom, now thrusting into her from behind hard and fast, making it even more difficult to keep my cock sandwiched between my Aunts tits though I somehow managed it. Moments later I felt the surge, felt the pleasure grip my prick, and then the joyful release as I came. It wasn't quite the explosion I had had the first time, though the sensation was nearly as pleasurable. I had in fact literally shot my wad so to speak, so there wasn't much juice that leapt from my prick, but it did ooze deliciously out of my dick, and then like warm syrup over pancakes, pouring over and down my Aunt's tits, mingling with her fingers as she continued pumping her breasts up and down together, all the while screaming out her own wanton pleasure.

Looking up, I saw dad's face grimace briefly, then watched as he too again came, only surprisingly so, as unlike myself, his cock lurched, showering a rather impressive load over the backsides of both mom as well as Darlene as he expertly finished jacking himself off. And as had been the case in nearly every instance, hearing, seeing, and watching one another, Jack too soon climaxed once again, though Jessica quit pumping him with her tits, mouthing him instead as she took whatever load he still had, sucking it down as she engulfed him, all the while moaning and groaning around his half-swallowed prick as she came.

"Well, what a nice start to a vacation!" Aunt Jackie announced some time later as we all lay sprawled around the room together, fully exhausted, and fully satiated. "Coming sweetie?" she asked holding out a hand towards my mother, pulling her up as she did. "You too Bradford," Aunt Jackie said smiling at dad, and though she'd called him by his formal name, which he usually hated even hearing, he smiled up at her delightedly, stood taking her other hand, and allowed Aunt Jackie to lead the two of them upstairs behind her.

"She's going to out distance us all, you do know that," Jack said smiling contentedly, and then the four of us collapsed in a heap on the floor falling asleep together.

Once again I woke to the smell of freshly brewed coffee, soon slipping out of the heap of flesh I'd been snuggled in against, joining my Aunt and mother as they sat at the kitchen table quietly chatting over a cup. Pouring one for me, Aunt Jackie invited me to sit down, joining them.

"So, obviously you now know it all," she began. "Still ok with it?" she asked.

"How could I not be?" I answered back truthfully, and though it had all been quite a bit to digest at once, I now saw my Aunt, let alone the rest of my entire family in a whole new way.

"Good," she said simply taking another sip. "Perhaps later, when you're more fully awake, you wouldn't mind slipping it to your Aunt then," she grinned slyly, even making mom blush the way she said it. "Always wondered what that would be like with you," she said honestly. "Sort of always hoped that we might, but now that everything's out in the open like this..." she left off smiling at me.

"That sounds wonderful," I told her, but then also added. "But I probably do need to wake up a bit first," I said sheepishly, not quite fully awake yet.

"Oh no rush, and besides, the girls are taking the boat and the pontoon out later for a little nap in the sun out on the water as well. So most likely, later on this evening then," she said once again smiling at me.

"That sounds good," I agreed. "Might take a little nap myself up on the deck later, make sure I'm all invigorated and energized for tonight then."

"What about you Darla? You coming out with us?" Jackie asked.

"Oh no, not me. Can't swim a stroke, but you already know that," she said glaring at her sister. "Never get me out on that tiny boat on the water for all the tea in China!"

Jackie just shook her head laughing. "Never understood that," she said. "Ever since we were kids, couldn't even get you to run through the sprinklers with me, but you were sure as hell fond of the water faucet in the bathtub!"

Mom laughed, chastising her sister, taking the ribbing she'd just been given good-naturedly. "Running through the sprinklers didn't do anything for me," she said. "But laying beneath the faucet in the bathtub did!" Which is when Aunt Jackie looked at me, still laughing.

"And of course, now I know why you enjoyed doing that back then too!" She added knowingly. They both laughed at that, as I sat there blushing furiously.

Once everyone had finally gotten up and going, my Aunt Jackie along with Jessica and Darlene did indeed take the boat out. Dad and Jack had planned to go fishing, and though invited to join them, I was looking forward to a little sun and a nap myself up on deck. Mom busied herself about the cabin, straightening up just as she always did, though I heard her footsteps about an hour later as she came out to join me, carrying out a cold beer for both of us.

"How are the girls doing?" she asked.

"What? Oh ... I don't know. Saw them go out but then I think I nodded off there for a while afterwards," I told her, glancing over, spotting dad's binoculars sitting on the table just as they always were. I picked them up, looking through them and quickly found the girls.

"Looks like they're ... having fun," I finished smiling. "What a surprise," I added half laughing.

"Let me see," mom said taking the binoculars from me to have a look for herself.

Sure enough, even at this distance you could see something was going on, but through dad's high-powered binoculars, it was almost like being there.

Even mom laughed as she looked through them. "Leave it up to your Aunt to come up with something like that," she told me as she handed back the glasses to me.

I looked through them again, now taking even more of an interest as I felt my cock beginning to swell. Darlene and Jessica were on their backs, once again almost pussy to pussy with Jackie kneeling between them, fingering one, licking the other, though she often switched off going back and forth between them.

"She really is something, I'll say that," I said still looking through the glasses, then feeling the touch of mom's hand as she began to lightly caress my ever growing erection which wasn't hard to conceal as I'd been sitting there naked basking in the sun.

"Keep telling me what they're doing," she said huskily as she stood slipping out of her sundress until she too was as naked as I was.

Once again I felt mom's hand on my prick as she began playing with it, taking a moment to look over towards her as she sat in the other lounge chair beside me, her free hand down between her own legs playing with herself. I looked through the glasses once again.

"Well, now they're switching positions. Aunt Jackie's laying down, Darlene's now sitting on her face, and Jessica's now laying down between Aunt Jackie's legs, and it looks like, she's now starting to go down on her."

"Hmmm," mom moaned, her eyes closed, though I could now easily hear the moisture of her own pussy as she played in it, making erotic little sounds with her fingers as she finger-fucked herself, all the while still slow-stroking me.

I watched mom for a moment, actually finding what she was doing even more erotic than what I was seeing out on the pontoon, but I soon looked that way once again and remarked.

"They're still at it," I said. "Though Jackie's also playing with Darlene's tits now while she's fucking her face, and Jessica has now switched around so that she's cunt to cunt with Aunt Jackie."

"Oh yes ... I do love that myself," Mom moaned, her fingers even more busy now, the sound of her sloppy wet cunt even more so as she sought to slip additional fingers inside herself, though sometimes merely slapping her own cunt with the palm of her hand as though it were perhaps Aunt Jackie's cunt mashing against her instead. Her other hand continued to fondle my cock, taking moments to squeeze it, producing a droplet or two of my own lubrications, which mom then used to further stimulate the head of my prick with, causing me to groan pleasurably as she did.

"Oh nice!" I said a few minutes later.

"What?" Mom asked breathlessly.

"Well for one, your hand, that feels nice too. But for another, they just switched positions again, now they're all curled up together in another daisy-chain, sort of like the one you all four where in last night."

Mom giggled, "Yeah, and your cock feels nice too," she told me. "I love stroking it, its all so nice and hard," she said giving it another friendly little squeeze, and then changing the subject, asking. "So who's doing who?"

I looked. "Well at the moment, Aunt Jackie's licking Darlene, and Darlene's licking Jessica, and she of course is licking Aunt Jackie."

"Oh God, I love it when she does that," Mom wailed audibly. "But I enjoyed it when you did that to me too," she added.

"Would you like it now?" I asked putting down the binoculars, and without waiting for an answer, slid out of my chair, tossing a cushion down on the deck to kneel on as I snuggled in between mom's legs, draping one of them over the arm of the chair, and the other over my shoulder as I leaned in and began to tickle her hard sweet clit with my tongue.

"Oh yes! Yes! Just like that David, Yes!"

I loved the way mom's pussy tasted, it was so preciously sweet.

"Oh baby, that feels so damn good!" Mother moaned loudly giving herself into it then. I smiled around her clit, softly sucking it.

"Finger me too," she then added, and then added after that a question. "Would you mind if I squirted?" she asked.

"Squirted? You do that?" I asked in surprise.

"I do when you finger me just right," she admitted shyly. "Always feels so good when I do, and especially when I'm having my clit sucked as well."

"How? Show me!" I said excitedly.

She laughed, "Put two fingers just inside, then curve them upwards a little, you'll feel a soft fleshy little spot, massage that with the tips of your fingers like you're walking them ... that's my "G" spot," she informed me. "Yes ... yes, just like that," she said as I did so. "Just keep doing it like that, but go back to soft-sucking and flicking my clit again with your tongue. "I'll tell you when I'm going to cum so you can watch it," she informed me.

I continued walking my fingers against her spot, feeling her shudder beneath me as I did, alternating between sucking her clit firmly with my lips, and flicking it softly, though rapidly now with my tongue.

"Now harder! Harder!" she cried. "Suck my clit harder now, and keep working your fingers!"

I did so, soon after feeling her tense, and then feeling her hand on my forehead as she shoved me out of the way, though in truth, I'd have enjoyed continuing to lick her, though the streamer of nearly clear fluid that suddenly arched out of mom's cunt would have half-drowned me if I had.

"Holy shit!" I remarked watching her pussy spray as she agonized almost deliriously through the eruption, now slapping it herself with her hand, making the continued squirts pulsate in quick thin streamers as it continued to shoot out of the depths of her cunt farther than I had ever shot a nice hard load myself, or so it seemed anyway.

"Damn mom, that was hot!" I told her minutes later after her pussy had finally quite convulsing, her face bright red with the exquisite pleasure of it, though I think too with a bit of embarrassed excitement that I had actually witnessed it.

"Really? You enjoyed watching that?" she asked.

"Hell yes, doesn't dad?" I questioned making her blush even further then.

"Well, he says he does, but I think it still freaks him out when I do it, so I don't do it very often, usually when I'm just by myself, or whenever I'm with your Aunt Jackie of course. She's the one who taught me how to do it."

"Does she do it too?"

"Oh yes, whenever you do to her the same thing you just did to me, she does," mom said still trying to catch her breath.

I smiled, making a note of that. "Don't tell her you showed me," I stated. "Let me surprise her a little next time we're together."

Mom laughed at that too. "Oh, it will alright," mom grinned. "It certainly will that! Now then, what you'd you like to do?" she asked.

Her pussy was still obviously soaked. "I think I'd like to fuck that, see how it feels," I told her.

"Hmm, I'd enjoy that too," she grinned. "Why don't you lie down on the deck, let me sit on you."

"Just what I was thinking," I told her, laying down, grasping my mother's free swinging tits in my hands as she did, mounting me, sliding that gloriously wet slick pussy over my shaft just as we heard footsteps coming out onto the deck behind us.

"What do you want to bet they were watching us through these?" Jessica said as she held up the binoculars. "Any bets? And why's the deck so wet anyway?" She then asked. "You guys spill something?"

After dinner that evening, I went for a short walk with my Aunt. "Don't be gone too long," Jessica told us both. "There's a fun naughty little game I thought we could all play later," she told us. "We're making up some Jell-O shooters for it now."

"Sounds fun," Aunt Jackie said. "And I promise, we won't be gone too long, just long enough," she grinned broadly, and then took me by the hand leading through the woods along the deer trail towards the beach.

"Well ... don't wear him out either!" Jessica called out at us as we disappeared, laughing as she did so.

I followed behind as Aunt Jackie led me down the trail, suddenly veering off heading in another direction. We soon reached another clearing where we stopped briefly.

"Years ago when your grandfather first bought this land, his intention was to build a small little cabin right here. But as you know, he died before he could ever do that, and your dad eventually built the other one where it is instead. But I wanted to bring you here to this place to show you something," she told me, and then led me off towards the tree line on the opposite side of the clearing. Moments later we arrived at an old tree stump that had been cut perfectly leveled. Behind it stood another majestic tree and I noticed that there were two nylon ropes hanging down from it. Aunt Jackie took them handing them to me. "Here, hold these."

I did so, watching now as she slipped out of her jeans and the all too familiar denim work shirt she always wore. Not surprisingly, she was braless beneath it as she soon revealed her still magnificently shaped breasts. Although it was beginning to cool in the late afternoon, it was still just warm enough that being naked outside wouldn't be uncomfortable, though I noticed her nipples had already hardened. I wondered briefly if that was indeed from the sudden caress of the mountain air, or her being aroused, though most likely a combination of both.

She turned smiling at me. "Now, tie both of my wrists while I finish the story," she said standing on the tree stump now which was buttressed up against the tall living tree she leaned against,

As I began tying her wrists with the rope as she'd asked, I felt my erection already growing in curious excitement at what we'd soon be doing here.

"This is the spot where your mother and I used to come, hide, and watch as our dad and mom fucked, here on this very stump."

"Really?" I said then seeing it in my mind, though I barely remembered my grandfather now as I'd been so young when the two of them had died.

"Oh yeah," she grinned as I finished securing her. "It was really exciting to watch them as they did, mom tied just as your doing to me, standing here on this very stump while dad fucked her while she stood here. Eventually when your mom and dad married, Darla and I showed your father this place, and sometimes he'll bring us both here, tie us up and fuck us, taking turns at it." Aunt Jackie told me. "Anyway, I wanted to share the tradition with you," she finished just as I did.

I was hard as a rock, which I quickly proved to her, slipping out of my own clothing with lightening speed, seeing her somewhat suspended there now having secured the ropes, her hands now well above her head, her breasts naturally lifted which I began toying with as she stood there.

"Oh yeah, tease me," she begged. "Touch me in any way you'd like, spank me even," she added waiting for my response.

She turned, offering me her backside, which I then hand slapped though not too terribly hard when I did it, though the slap on her twin ass cheeks sounded loud even then.

"Harder!"

I did it again, a little harder this time, now seeing the redness of my hands imprint on one of her cheeks.

"Again! On the other one!"

Once again I spanked her, the sound seemingly louder this time, though the redness matched her first spanked cheek.

"Slap my tits!"

"What?"

"You heard me, slap my tits too!" she now demanded.

I took a little off it, slapping one of them, watching her breast woggle somewhat after the impact.

"Again, and trust me David, as aroused as I am at the moment, it really doesn't hurt, not in a bad way. Now ... do it again."

I did so, slapping her other tit, likewise watching it woggle briefly, then hit the other one again doing the same thing.

"Yes!" she groaned appreciatively. "Now, come over here and fuck me!"

Standing on the stump as she was, she was right at the perfect height, stepping up to her, I decided to tease her a bit more, suddenly remembering what my mother had told and shared with me, grinning to myself as I approached, taking my cock in hand which I now began rubbing against the outside of her lips, caressing them, teasing her, teasing her clit.

"Oh fuck that's nice!" she moaned straining against the ropes holding her hands as I continued gliding my prick up and down her wet split, slapping it against her clit, spreading her lips apart with one hand while I did.

"Fuck me!" she demanded once again. But I wasn't about to, not yet anyway, I had something else in mind I wanted to do before doing that, and I then knelt down in front of her, hinting at what was to come as I touched her clit with my tongue, tickling it.

"Oh yes ... yes! YES!" she cried out feeling it as I did so, then adding a finger, then a second, finding her sweet spot as I began walking my fingers gently back and forth against it, only then looking up into her eyes, seeing her expression, the knowing look. "She told you didn't she?" Jackie grinned broadly.

I laughed, "Remember the wet deck?" And then she laughed.

"Oh fuck, I should have known," she stated as I began sucking her hard precious clit even more firmly now, my fingers beginning to stroke her precious spot feeling her squirming against me, the pull of the ropes around her wrists as she strained them.

"Oh fuck, David ... David! I'm going to cum!"

Still sucking her clit, I felt the force of the explosion hit me squarely in the face. Though I had expected, even anticipated it, it still took me by surprise. Catching her sweet essence in my mouth, there was still too much of it. I leaned back, her streamers still splashing against me as I continued to pummel my Aunt's cunt with my fingers, now taking delight in her warm juice as it continued to spurt, bathing me.

"Oh fuck! Fuck! Fuck!" she screamed, the sound of her pleasures filling the night sky. Only then did I stand, once again placing the head of my prick at her opening, shoving it in even as she continued to cum, and continued to squirt.

"Had a feeling you two would be here, especially once I heard her screams," I heard mother saying as she walked up behind me, the feel of her naked flesh pressing against me, effectively sandwiching me between the two of them. I felt her hand reaching around, down, grasping my cock with each thrust, her fingers now twiddling her sister's clit as I did, occasionally feeling them as she grasped me, fondling before reinserting my prick back inside my Aunt.

"And I'm sure we'll have additional company soon too," Aunt Jackie stated as I continued fucking her, feeling my own pleasure rapidly building, mom's hand now rubbing my prick up and down my Aunt's slick sloppy split.

"Oh fuck, gonna cum, gonna cum," I warned already feeling the surge as I spoke, looking down now as I saw the first spurt of my cream explode from the head of my prick, covering Jackie's clit as mom continued milking it, pumping out more, covering her lips in a voluminous cascade of creamy white fuck butter.

Spent, I stepped back half staggering as I did. Mom, now kneeling in front of my Aunt, her sister, and began lapping up the sticky mess of my cream that coated and covered her cunt. Jackie moaned pleasurably as mom did so, and then laughed looking up.

"Told you!" she said laughing even harder now as I looked in the direction she was, and grinned myself upon seeing the entire family heading this way. But even funnier, they all carried folding chairs, and also noted that Darlene seemed to be balancing a tray as well, which could only be the Jell-O shooters they'd made earlier.

"Looks like we're going to be here a while," Jackie said as dad came over and began undoing my Aunt's wrists.

"Your turn?" he then questioned my mother as she excitedly shook her head yes.

Our time at the lake flew by all too quickly. Days later, it was time to leave, though we'd spent that last night pleasurably enjoying one another in ways I could only dream of. The following morning we sat down as a family around the table, enjoying one last breakfast together before packing up and getting ready to leave.

"So when's the big day Jessica?" Aunt Jackie asked her. Jack's was still several month's off yet, though he too would be working towards that himself.

"Two months from now," she answered. "Maybe..." she added with a cautionary response.

"Why maybe?"

"Because after everything we've enjoyed, experienced and shared here this week, I don't want to go without knowing it again," she answered simply. "And I think it's only fair that I tell Mike about this before we are. If he's freaked out by it, which he may very well be, then I now know it's something I can't settle for, as I have every intention of coming up here again next summer, with ... or without him."

One of the things we had all discussed previously during the week, was plans to come here again of course, something Aunt Jackie had also insisted on doing, scheduling her own vacation around it, though for two full weeks next time. We'd also agreed as a family, that though we had all enjoyed and shared this time together here, we also knew and were aware, that back in the real world, we'd all have to act and conduct ourselves like any other family. Also agreeing to refrain from any further intimate contact with one another, saving it for here, for this place only. Though in a way, it would make it, and keep it even more special when we did.

"Ditto that," Jack added after hearing Jessica's decision. "Though I think Patricia might be more inclined to go along with it, along with us once she's a member of the family," he said. "I happen to know that in the heat of the moment, she's shared a few things with me, things that she and her brother Tim used to do together. And though it's been a very long time since they have, she did tell me she still looks back on those times with a great deal of fondness. So once I explain everything to her about us, about all this while we're here ... especially here, she just might be so inclined to go along with it all."

Though neither Darlene nor I had any ongoing permanent relationships ourselves at the moment, we too both agreed and knew that one day we'd most likely have to deal with that same situation ourselves. But for the time being at least, that was a worry and concern for another day.

Right now, we were already looking forward to next summer.


Pages: Prev | 1 | 2 | 3 | 4 | Next

Your opinion is important:
Share with the others what you think about
"Family Gathering"
     
Switch to Expanded voting form
The End
Posted: 2008-12-09
Home | Top | Thesandman's Page |   Feedback to author
