Home « MistressT1's Page « Family CampOut Index - Settings
Chapter 1
Posted: June 05, 2003 - 12:00:00 am

I have always enjoyed the outdoors. I went camping with my dad for the first time, that I remember, when I was about four. I was really into bugs and stuff, not to mention the wildness that came along with it. I think one reason for my almost instant love for camping and the outdoors was because my stepmother hated it and everything to do with it. She was such a sissy, and I knew my dad and I could spend time alone without her around. I quickly realized that I was a natural born camper. I loved watching the fire crackle and snap into the blackness of night. I loved sleeping under the stars and being so close to nature. The older I got the more I realized that it brought out a raw lust in me and I would enjoy camping forever.

Which brings me to the time at hand. It has been almost two years since I went camping last. Basically because I got married, started a family and have more important responsibilities now. Camping was one of those things that had to be put on the back burner. As much as I hated to do it, I had no choice. Still I longed to be able to once again enjoy the great outdoors to the fullest.

This time I was going to take my family to enjoy it with me. I couldn't wait. I secretly planned our family camping trip. I could feel my hormones rushing throughout my body as I planned and packed. I was so excited, and I knew I just had to call my sister in law and invite her and her husband as well as their kids too. We were gonna have a blast.

"Hello..."

"Pam, it's Lisa... Hey listen, Jake and I are planning a camping trip and I would like you, Steve and the kids to come with us. What da ya say??"

" Well Lisa I'll tell ya what, I will have to talk to Steve about it, but I am sure he will say yes. I will let you know later today."

"Okay that sounds great, talk to you then."

I hung up the phone and quickly went back to my packing. I gathered clothes for all three of us as well as towels, blankets and pillows. I walked to the shed and rummaged through piles of junk to found the cooler. After bringing it inside and washing it up a bit, I sat down and made a list of things I would need to pick up from the store. I was just finishing my list when Alex, my son, woke from his nap. I changed him and made him a sandwich for the road, and we were off to the store.

We got back home about an hour later. Alex was curious about everything that was going on. Like most kids he managed to turn the half hour job, of putting stuff into the cooler, into a hour one. I had just finished loading the cooler, and started carrying things to the van when the phone rang.

"Hello..." I said.

"Lisa,... Steve said he would love to go and that we will meet at your house around 4 this afternoon."

I said that was fine and set the phone back into the cradle. My heart raced as I finished loading the van, I was so excited and I knew Jake would be thrilled that they were going.

Ever since Jake and I had gotten married the year before, we enjoyed spending time with Pam and Steve. They were both close to our age and liked doing the same sort of things. Not to mention since we all had kids it was perfect for the kids to play together. I can honestly say that Pam was more of a sister than my own sister and I treasured the times we spent together. I was happy to be part of this family and I know they liked me being in it as well.

Steve pulled their SUV into our driveway a little after 4pm, that day. My heart sank when I realized they didn't have the kids with them.

"What... No kids???" I asked, trying not to sound disappointed.

"Nope we dropped them off at Steve's mom's and she is gonna watch Alex for you guys, we can drop him off on the way"

I just stood there, my mouth open a little, not believing what I was hearing. Why would they get a sitter? Why did we need a sitter? This was a family camping trip, not an adult camping trip... Pam must have sensed my uncertainty and put her hand on my shoulder.

"Don't worry Sis, it is okay. All new parents need some time away from kids. It has been so long since we got a break from ours that Steve's mom said she would keep them all."

" We are suppose to go and enjoy the weekend away from the kids" Steve mumbled from inside the vehicle.

I still was unsure of the idea but agreed to let Alex stay with Steve's mom.

Jake was just pulling into the driveway when I finished gathering Alex's stuff for him to take.

"What the hell ya doin with all that stuff honey?" He asked.

" Well, I was planning a family camping trip for us all and now it looks like it will be just us four adults this weekend. Alex is gonna go with Pam's kids to Steve's mom's place."

" Oh, okay cool." Jake said as he walked back the hallway and into the bathroom. I just kinda looked back the hall as he walked, this was not the reaction I had expected.

What the hell was going on? Why was I the only one that saw a problem with this set up? Why was I all of a sudden worried about sharing a tent with Pam and Steve? Why was my pussy so wet?...

We had decided that it would be foolish to take both vehicles, so we started cramming Pam and Steve's stuff into our van. When we were done we all stood back and overlooked the situation. We all just kinda looked at each other, trying to figure out how we were going to fit three grown adults into a space big enough for a child. It was a relief when Steve's mom pulled into the driveway. I was happy that we would not have to find room for Alex too. We kissed him goodbye and waved as they pulled away.

We all laughed at the sight, but in reality we would have to cram into our van and we may even need to share laps for the short drive to the campground. I felt myself blush, thinking of the wetness already building in my pussy. Thank God I was the driver.

After locking up our house, we were ready to try different seating arrangements. I scooted into the driver seat and softly breathed a sigh of relief.

"Well,... Guess I can sit on Steve's lap and, Jake, you can sit between the seats" Pam said.

"No Sis, that will not work, my legs are to long."

After lots of body rearranging we decided that Steve would squeeze between the seats and Pam would sit on Jakes' lap. As funny as it looked, it seemed to work very well. and even though we were all cramped, we joked and made jokes at each other.

I made sure to hit a few more bumps than normal. It was funny to watch my husbands face each time his sisters' ass came back down hard onto his crotch. I could tell he was enjoying it, maybe a little to much. I to was enjoying the bumpy roads. Each time we hit a bump Steve grabbed the seat to balance himself, causing his hand to inch farther and farther under my ass. The idea of having my brother in laws' hand so close to my wet spot made me even more horny and even more wet. I was beside myself by the time we got to the campground. I could also tell that Jake was now sporting a nice erection and that Pam was enjoying the feel of a hard cock pushing into her backside. It seemed so innocent but so bizarre and naughty at the same time.

We checked in at the campground office, then drove down into our campsite. We quickly went to work unloading things and setting up camp. Pam and I were just finishing arranging the coolers and stuff when Jake started the fire.

We each made our way to a seat, sat watching the fire and made small talk. It felt so strange not having Alex, Steve Jr., and Maria running around, fighting and yelling at each other. I could tell by Pam's expression that she too was feeling lost without the kids there. I must have been lost in my own thoughts because I never heard the others talking. It was only after Pam slapped me across the arm that I realized they were talking to me.

" Sorry guys, Guess I am in my own little world" I said

"Hey we miss the kids too but hell will freeze over before I let that ruin a weekend away." Steve said with a chuckle.

We all agreed that this was a worry- free weekend and we were all going to enjoy ourselves.

I tried to put Alex deep into the back of my mind, as I breathed the fresh mountain air. It was heavy and warm to my nostrils and I loved it. I could feel my senses perk as I moved about the campsite. I was in my own groove, I was feeling the wildness around me, I was once again so close to nature and I was sharing the experience with my loved ones. Pam too seemed to be enjoying the outdoors and the area we were in.

" Lisa, Why did you wait so long to invite us camping anyway? You know we love to go and the more the merrier." Steve asked.

"I just figured you guys went with your friends, not nagging family." I said

"Hell, you guys are closer to us than most of our friends, besides I would never pass up a chance to see you and Jake's wild outdoorsy sides."

His tone was almost sarcastic and even though I knew he was clowning around, I took it personal. It was like he was daring me to do something I hadn't in front of them before. He was daring me to get wild.

Pam and I sat down and watched the guys working away at the fire and preparing our meal. It was nice to sit back and watch someone cook for us for a change. I was loving it and Pam was too. We talked about our husbands, making crude jokes and laughing at each one. We were so much alike and yet so different.

Pam was much thinner than me, but she seemed more reserved then I was. The more we talked the more I came to realize that she and Steve needed my help. Their sexual flame had died to a flicker, Pam was desperate and she knew my intuition had picked it up. I hugged her tightly, bringing her chest crashing into my own. She breathed heavily as I held her. I had to be supportive, I needed to let her know that I understood and I needed to make her understand that I was there to help. I reluctantly loosened my grip on her. She pulled away very slowly. It was then that I noticed her nipples were hard as rocks and jutting out away from her body. My nipples too poked at my shirt, my pussy quivered.

"Christ, am I ever embarrassed, Sorry." Pam said softly.

"Hey, don't be sorry. Actually it is flattering."

She smiled and sat back down. I could tell she was even more embarrassed now and I knew if I said anything more about it that I would indeed make the situation worse. I simply told Pam I would be back and I walked over toward the men.

"Hey guys, how is supper coming?" I asked

"It is coming fine babe, and we should be eating within the next 20 minutes or so." Jake said before he leaned over, giving me a peck on the cheek.

"Good, Pam and I are starving."

Supper was ready almost 20 minutes to the tee. We all sat and ate. We talked about dish duty and sleeping arrangements.

"Well at least we will have more room to sleep than we did on the ride up here." Jake said

"Yes, we will and what a shame." Pam said.

We all just kinda looked at her, not knowing if we had heard her right or not. She just chuckled and went back to enjoying her meal. Jake and I just looked at each other then glanced into Steve's direction. He had that 'How the hell do I know' look on his face. It was all I could do to not burst into laughter.

After we all finished our meal, and Pam and I did the dishes, then we all walked up to the bathhouse. We were all going to shower and get into different clothes, more suitable for camping clothes, as I liked to call em.

My fading, ripped jeans were perfect and my baggie t shirt accented the jeans well. They were old and used but I loved that outfit more than any other I owned, it had that I'm used hard and broke in feeling.

I causally dried off and dressed, taking my good ol sweet time. Pam just kinda looked at me, her eyes running all along my plump flesh. I could feel myself blush, for I knew she was watching me dress and it was turning me on.

"Aren't you afraid someone will walk in here and see you naked?" Pam said softly

"No, why should I be?" " I have the same body parts as every other female on earth so what the hell. Besides I might get caught and that thrill turns me on."

Pam just kind hung her head. She knew I was referring to her but I was kind enough to not come right out and say it. I could see her crimson cheeks, and the dampness that fell from her eyes.

"Pam, honey what is wrong?" I asked

"I wish I was more like you. You are more daring than I will ever be and you seem to be comfortable talking about everything and anything, even sexual stuff. You are so comfortable with you and your body and not ashamed to show it off "

I pulled her near, her thin towel covered body trembled as I brushed her hair out of her eyes.

"Pam, you are beautiful, and so sensuous. If you were not my sister in law I would have..." I stopped in mid sentence.

What the hell was I doing, I almost gave myself away. I pulled away, blushing as I did so. I hoped she was to emotional to notice my slip up of words. Unfortunately I was wrong.

"You would have what??" She asked inquisitively. I could speak, hell I couldn't even move. It was like her words burned a hole right into me.

"ummmmmmm, nothing forget about it."

Pam just nodded and started to towel dry her hair. I tired not to look at her, but I couldn't help myself. Her trim, tanned body glowed. Her tits swayed as she dried her legs off. I wanted so bad to run over to her and gently suckle one of them. Her pussy was a mass of hair, I could tell she had never done anything to it. I was amazed that a woman could grow such a thick carpet of fur.

"What's the matter Sis? You seemed surprised about something." Pam's voice quickly snapped me back to reality.

"I ummmmmm, I... I just never... I never saw a cunt with that much hair before."

There I had said it, yet I was sorry that I did. I didn't want to make her feel self conscious, or odd. I wanted her to know I loved her and I was supportive.

"Well I was always taught that you didn't shave anything but your pits and legs. I have never even seen a shaved pussy till yours" Pam said in an almost defensive tone. She was becoming more bold. Perhaps she realized I too was watching her, and perhaps she was becoming aroused by me doing so. Perhaps I had just pissed her off and this was her way of getting back at me. Whatever the reason for her words, I was delighted with her new found freedom of expression, and got extremely aroused. My huge brown nipples poked out from my shirt and my pussy wetness was soaking thru my jeans.

I was so used to not wearing panties that I never packed them for this trip, god how I wished I would have.

"Lisa, Can I ask you a personal question?" Pam stammered

"Sure you can ask me anything."

I ment it to. I felt she could ask me anything but nothing prepared me for this.

"Have you ever been with a woman before?" Pam asked quietly.

"Yes I have." Her eyes widened.

"Did you like it?"

"Yes very much. I am bisexual, I have been for a few years now."

I must have shocked her cuz her mouth dropped almost to the floor. She just stood there staring as my feet. Or as least I thought she was staring at my feet.

" You seem to be really wet, was that from watching me?"

There it was, her words made my mind go crazy. I was shocked, embarrassed and flattered all in one.

"Yes, Pam I got very wet from watching you dry off."\

Again she froze, just staring not talking. It was then that I heard our husbands outside the shower room.

"Hey what the hell is taking you girls so long?" Jake yelled

"Honey, you and Steve go on back to camp we will be there in a few minutes." I said

We heard the men's voices soften as they walked away and back toward camp. Pam just stood there, her face bright red.

"Pam, don't be embarrassed, I wouldn't have told you if I didn't think I could trust you. Besides I find you attractive and I am bisexual, but that doesn't mean I am going to try and get into your pants."

Pam chuckled "What if I wanted you to?"

My heart was pounding. Was my sister in law flirting with me? My pussy screamed for attention. I stood there for a minute trying to swallow her last comment. I tried to brush it off like I didn't hear her. I put forth my best fake smile but I knew she saw right through it. My body trembled on the inside. I was fighting to not let it show on the outside too.

"Lisa, I asked you a question." Pam said in a bitchy tone.

"Sorry Pam, you just kinda caught me off guard is all"

"I figured I would, seriously I would like it if you would help me with this." She said while pointing to her pussy.

"I want my pussy to look like yours."

I was uneasy but agreed to do it for her, I also explained that she would itch like crazy when her hair grew back. She said she didn't care and lay down on the bench.

I swallowed hard as I covered her pussy with shave gel. My own pussy was on fire and I could feel my sexual urgencies build stronger and stronger the more I touched her. At this rate I would cum right there in my jeans.

As soon as the cold razor brushed against her hot flesh, she jumped.

"Pam, you are gonna have to lay still, I don't want to cut you." I said softly

She gave me a 'I'm sorry look' and relaxed her body. I went back to work on her endless bush. My hands shook as I shaved each section. I was careful not to give her razor burn and even more careful about not cutting her. I worked steadily and after what seemed to be a short time I was done. I wiped her off and examined my handy work. Her pussy glistened in the light. I wanted so badly to lick her glistening slit. To really touch her, to show her the pleasures she could feel from a woman. She lay there almost motionless, her breathing erratic and heavy.

"Lisa, thank you so very much, I feel funny but I am sure I will love it."

"Yes honey, you will love it, but not near as much as Steve will." I said with a chuckle.

She lowered her hand toward her new revitalized cunt. She rubbed it gently, inspecting her whole mound. I watched as my horny sister in law rubbed her pussy to an awesome orgasm. My own pussy flooded with wetness, from the sight before me.

I then helped her up and steadied her as she dressed. We walked back to the camp laughing and talking about what a surprise Steve was in for later.

Back at our campsite, we found the guys sitting around the fire; each nursing a cold beer and talking quietly about something.

"Damn, I thought you two got lost or something, Jake and I were gonna come back looking for ya soon." "You have been gone for an hour." Steve said. "Well we are here now and everything is cool." I said

Pam looked at me and we both bust into laughter. The guys looked at us as if we were nuts, or stoned. We just kept laughing. Jake stood and walked over toward me.

"Lisa, what the hell where you two doing all that time? "I was really worried"

"I am sorry honey and I will explain later" I whispered into his ear.

By this time Pam was already sitting on Steve's lap and running her hands along his chest.

"Fuck! I don't know what you two were doing but whatever it was, sure has this little honey all horned up." Steve said

Pam just chuckled. I looked at Jake and licked my lips. My pussy too was still on fire and the wetness in my jeans was a constant reminder that I needed real sexual release.

We all sat around the fire. Pam and I were like dogs in heat, teasing and flirting with the men. It didn't seem to matter to either of us that we were family. We were having fun being sluts for them, no matter who they were. On occasion Steve and Jake would look at each other, just to see if they were both still awake or if by some freak accident one fell asleep and was dreaming. They both watched us dance and carry on. We acted like such immature teenagers, yet we both felt great doing it.

Pam pulled me close, rubbing her hands along my ass. I heard Steve gasp in surprise. Jake was also in awe of the show before him. His sister and his wife getting nasty in front of him.

I secretly thought of a conversation we had a long time ago. It was about Pam and how Jake had always wanted to see her naked. I smiled at the memory and continued to dance and fondle Pam.

Her breath was hot against my skin. She licked her own lips then mine. The feel of her tongue running along my lips was enough to send me into an intense orgasm. I knew I was moaning and grinding into her hard, but I didn't care. I didn't give a shit who heard or saw me. I heard Jake groan as he realized I had gotten off. I knew his cock must be dying to have some of this action. I pushed Pam back and onto his lap. She moaned as her bottom hit his raging hard on. Jake moaned as if in pain.

I walked toward Steve and turned pointing my tits into his face. I could tell that his own cock had grown stiff and was waiting for action. I dropped to my knees and teased his hard on with my mouth. His body jerked as his cock exploded inside his pants.

I could tell Jake was gonna cum from his sister grinding ass. I walked toward them and kissed her hard on the lips. I don't know if it was the shock or the pleasure but she thumped hard into my husbands crotch. He jerked as he went off in his pants. Pam and I looked at each other and smiled, then walked arm and arm to the cooler. Laughing the whole way.

" We gave them a hell of a show huh," Pam said in a breathless voice.

"We sure did." I said laughing.

As we walked back, beer for all in hand, to the fire pit and our chairs, both men looked at us.

"What?????" We both said in unison.

Both men were now laughing and bitching all at the same time. Bitching cuz neither got to dip into a pussy and laughing cuz both had to go get another shower and wash off, the now drying cum. Pam and I both laughed as we watched them walk back toward the showers.

" This has been one great trip thank you." Pam said

"Honey this trip is far from over... "

I had many more plans for this weekend...

Little did I know, I was not the only one...
Chapter 2
Home - Top



Home « MistressT1's Page « Family CampOut Index « Previous - Settings
Chapter 2
Posted: June 05, 2003 - 12:00:00 am

Pam and I sat and talked about our fantasies as well as our sexual fears. I intently listened as Pam spilled her deepest thoughts. My arousal growing with each new thing she talked about. I tried desperately to hide my desire. I wanted to touch her, feel her, please her. I needed to be felt, and pleased. I sighed loudly.

What is wrong Sis? Pam asked

Oh... Ummmm... Nothing. I stammered. I could tell by the expression on her face that she was not convinced. She slowly stood, holding her hands out toward me. I also stood, unsure of what was going to happen, but willing to let Pam be in control of the situation.

She grasp me firmly, pulling me close. Her moist lips only inches from my own. Her firm tits pressing hard against my own. She breathed hard and fast against my flushed skin. I could tell she too was aroused and in need to satisfaction. My mind raced and my body trembled as I fought my urges. She quickly pulled away and sat back down.

Steve and Jake walked back into the campsite a few moments later. I grabbed us each a fresh brew and sat back down. I was nursing my drink when Jake leaned over and kissed my cheek.

Honey, what's wrong? He asked I just shrugged my shoulders. Hell I didn't know. I was kinda confused and unsure of how any of my actions would be taken by Pam. It was obvious to me that she wanted to experience being with a woman and she wanted that woman to be me, but her fears were holding her back. I decided, against my better judgment, that I would have to take matters into my own hands if I planned to show Pam the pleasures of being bisexual. I wanted to talk to Jake about it, I needed his opinion, I wanted his help. I also knew if I talked to him that nothing would happen between Pam and I. I finished my drink and stood. I sensed that all eyes were on me, but I didn't care. After tossing another log onto the fire, I resumed my seat next to my husband.

So what do you ladies have planned for tomorrow? Steve asked. Pam just glanced in her husbands direction. Jake shrugged his shoulders indicating that he didn't have a clue. I didn't know either and shrugged my shoulders as well.

What everyone forget how to talk? Steve said in a rude and nasty voice.

No Steve, We are all enjoying the fire, and keeping our thoughts to ourselves. If you have a problem with that maybe you should go the hell to bed. Pam yelled in a angry tone. We all just kinda looked at Pam like she had lost it. It was not like her to be so vocal. I assumed that she was more frustrated with the bi curious situation than anything. Yet I was still unsure of how to approach her about it.

She stood and strolled over to our tent, unzipped the door and walked inside. I stood too, walking over and peering into the open tent.

Pam, are you okay? I asked in a concerned voice.

Yes, I am fine just a little frustrated with myself is all. I think perhaps I am just tired. She replied. I could feel her pain. I too was frustrated beyond belief.

I could hear the mumbles from behind me. The sound of fire being quenched. The soft amber glow of the remaining hot coals. I scooted inside and from in front of the door and allowed our husbands to join us. Jake had grabbed our lantern from the van and he carried it in one hand and a deck of cards in the other.

Hey I thought we could play a game of cards, that is if everyone isn't ready to crash. I smiled at him. Jake and Pam just looked at each other. I started to get the feeling that this camping trip was going to be a bust. Then Pam flashed that killer smile and I knew all was okay.

We sat in a circle and just kinda looked at each other for a few minutes.

Well... What game do we play.? Steve asked Silence fell upon the tent. We were all as quiet as a tigress on the hunt. Nobody moved, not even a muscle flinched. The uneasiness and tension was building, when Pam shouted out We could always play strip poker! In almost unison all four of us started busting up in laughter. We joked about playing such a game, and where the heated bodies would end up. I secretly loved the idea. I had fantasies involving both Pam and Steve for a long time now. The idea if burying my face into Pam's wet snatch; Or devouring Steve's hard hot cock. I could feel my face turn to a bright crimson, as the thoughts ran over and over in my head. My nipples tingled and my slick slit ached. I moved a bit hoping to relieve the pressure building in my pussy. I hadn't realized that Pam had gotten up to take off her shoes until I turned my head to readjust myself. I came eye level with her crotch. I licked my lips trying not to look to obvious. 'Oh My God!!, I have my face at her cunt. I can smell her woman scent.'

I raised my head a bit, glancing up to see her expression. My lips gently brushing against her zippered paradise. I swallowed hard. I was right where I wanted to be. But did she want me there? What was my husband thinking? What was her husband thinking? I didn't care. I eased my hands to her tight buttocks. Kneading them gently as I moved. I heard a faint growl come from her throat. I knew she was enjoying my touches, and the fact that she didn't pull away made it even more clear to me that this was indeed what she wanted. I let my thumbs glide along her inner thighs, her breathing quickened with my touch. I caressed her mound through her jeans, slowly letting my fingers pry the button open. Down... Down with the zipper, her bare un- pantied pussy glistened in the soft glow of the lantern. She gasp as my cold fingertips, brushed against her steamy snatch flesh. I too could hear myself gasping. My mind was a whirl of emotions, my heart racing, my breath rapid and hoarse. I could feel a strong burning deep in my belly, the burn that only pure sexual arousal can bring. My hands trembled as I eased her pants from her hips. They fell to the tent floor. Pam lifted her leg one after another to free them from the confines of her pants. Her beautiful silhouette etched into my mind, her delicate features and sweet smell. I glanced toward my husband, who now had his 7 inch pole in his hand, and was teasing it gently. I tried to imagine the thoughts running through his head as he watched me caressing his sister. My eyes shot toward Steve, he too was massaging his own erect manhood. And the smile en-bronzed onto his face as he saw his wife's shaven treasure. I was in awe with the whole situation, but not near as much as Pam.

I had her sit down. Her bare bum against the coolness of my sleeping bag. I eased her shirt over her head. Her breasts were great, she had dark brown areolas, the size of a silver dollar and her plump nipple buds were the biggest I had ever seen. I leaned forward, taking her breast into my eager mouth, flicking my tongue across her sensitive nipple. She let out a soft moan of approval. I sucked faster and a bit harder on the handful of breast before me. My pussy wetness growing more intense with each new moan she left out. I tenderly kissed her cleavage and then went to work on her other breast, repeating my technique. I teasingly planted kisses along her torso, working my way down toward her smooth cunty. I loved the feel of her against my lips. Her soft skin only aroused me more, and my whole body felt as if it was on fire by the time I got to the top of her shaven mound.

Jake was working feverishly on his cock, pumping it in and out of his palm. The site was wonderful. I nuzzled my face between Pam's thighs. She opened her legs wider, giving me the access I had so desperately yearned. I flicked the tip of my tongue across her swollen love nub. She bucked and jerked like a wild woman. I gently took her sensitive nub into my mouth, sucking on it like it was a tiny cock. Pam grabbed my head and held my face against her cunt as the first climax swept over her body. I lapped her cunt hard and fast, not wanting to waste any of her precious sex juice. I heard Steve grunt and his cock spewed it's seed, splatting down onto the blanket beside his wife. She glanced up at him, smiling as she did. The fact that Steve had cum from watching me do his wife only seemed to arouse us all even more. I heard Jake's breathing quicken and I knew that my hubby would soon also be spilling his cream. I buried my tongue hard into her fuck hole, jutting it back and forth as I did. I grasped her hips so that she couldn't move and I gave her hot little cunt a proper tongue lashing. She wiggled and squirmed, thrashing her arms as she did.

Oh... Ughhhhhhhhhh... ooooohhhhhhhhhhh... I'm cummmmmmmming She gasped. Her sex juices flooded my open mouth. I lapped and sucked her fuck hole hard. Savoring every drop of her sweet nectar. I was so lost in the sweet taste of her that I never realized that Jake had slid closer to me. I gazed to the area where he was siting. When I didn't see him I raised my head to find my horny stud. Looking back toward my left leg I found him, wanking his manmeat fast and hard. He was tense and beads of sweat formed on his brow. I could tell that he was close, very close to cumming. I quickly moved into position, replacing his hand with my mouth. I wanted his cum deep in my belly. I rammed his full hardness deep into my mouth. It was all it took to send him over the edge. His body went stiff as he pumped his creamy milk into my wanting, waiting throat. I gobbled his seed and milked his fading cock for more.

I moved back toward Pam and her heaving body. She was trying to calm herself but I wondered if she was actually feeling any calmer. I kissed her parched lips tenderly, and smiled. I noticed Steve moving toward his sensual wife. Jake was also moving, only his sights had been set on his sister's hot cunt. He lapped and nibbled on her pussy, causing her to thrash and buck against him. Her puss again responded, causing her woman cum to gush out onto her brother's lips. He licked them then leaned toward me for a kiss.

Our lips met in a passionate tongue entwined kiss. I could taste Pam's sweetness on his lips, as I knew Jake could taste it on mine. We embraced and lay on the tent floor beside Steve and Pam.

I enjoyed that more than you know, Thank you. Pam said in a breathless tone.

Yes, I did too, I never thought I would see the day Pam got her pussy eaten by another woman. Steve blurted out. I smiled at both of them and said it was just as pleasurable for me. They smiled back, both knowing that I was basking in the afterglow of giving her pussy a good eating.

All four of us huddled together, enjoying the closeness we all were feeling. A closeness that we all wanted to grow more and more...
Chapter 3
Home - Top



Home « MistressT1's Page « Family CampOut Index « Previous - Settings
Chapter 3
Posted: June 05, 2003 - 12:00:00 am

Saturday

The sun shone brightly through the tent windows. The temperature rising with each passing second. I stretched, breathing deeply. My nostrils filled with the pungent odor of stale sex. I smiled as I glanced around the tent, observing Pam and Steve sleeping soundly as they embraced each other. My husband, Jake, was also still sleeping sound.

I stood slowly and after gaining my balance, slipped into a pair of shorts and tube top. I unzipped the door and opened the flap. The golden rays filtered into the small area. I quickly moved and re-shut it, not wanting to wake the others. After starting a fire and putting the coffee on, I walked to the bath house to freshen up a bit.

Once inside the bathhouse, I relieved my filled bladder then splashed my face with water and brushed my teeth. I finished fairly quickly and started my journey back toward our campsite. I was really enjoying the freshness of the morning so I walked the long way back. I walked slowly, enjoying the sights and sounds of the nature around me. I glanced toward the pool. The owners were cleaning and getting it ready for the day and its many visitors. I smiled as my plans for the day seemed to unfold right in front of me. What better way to enjoy our last full day here, than to bask ourselves beside the pool all day. I loved the idea and I knew the others would enjoy it as well.

I made my way back toward the camp a bit faster now, remembering about the coffee I had put onto the fire before I left. I arrived back at camp to find the coffee perking away and the others still sleeping. I poured myself a cup of coffee, and even though it was a bit stronger than I normally like, it tasted great. I lit a cigarette and sat watching the fire snap and crack. The sun was now shining full force throughout the trees above. I glanced back at the tent, thinking of how hot it had been inside when I had gotten up. I pitied the others but made no attempts to wake them. I had decided that I would let them sleep until I started breakfast. I was personally starving, but wanted to wait and eat with my newest lovers. I grabbed a small handful of grapes to tide my hunger until the others woke.

I was lost in my thoughts when I heard the tent zipper. Pam walked from the tent and shielded her eyes from the bright sun.

Morning. I called out to her. She smiled and walked away, toward the bath house. I watched her tight ass sway as she walked farther and farther away. I could feel my nipples twanging and my puss quiver as I watched. I knew from my body's reactions that it would be an interesting day indeed.

I heard rustling from inside the tent, then muffled voices. I knew the guys were awake too. I walked to cooler and proceeded to get the fixings needed for our breakfast. I decided, since we would go out for breakfast the following day, I would use what eggs, ham, cheese and potatoes that were left for breakfast. I mixed all the ingredients into the large fry pan and set it onto the grate above the fire. Soon the whole campsite filled with delicious scents of cooking food. My stomach growled loudly. Steve and Jake climbed out from the tent, yaking loudly about their hot women. I smiled and gave them each a quick wink. I liked the idea of being referred to as a hot woman. They both walked past the tents edge and relieved the built up pressure in their piss hard-on. I watched intently. I have never been into watersports or anything to do with it. Yet, watching these two handsome studs watering the weeds with this golden stream was strangely arousing. They both finished and returned themselves to the confines of their briefs. I told them that breakfast would be ready soon and asked who was gonna help me by making toast. Steve smiled and said that he would, since he could get closer to me that way. I smiled in his general direction and continued to finish the meal. Pam walked back into camp, looking refreshed.

Morning everyone. Pam said in a cheerful voice. I was just setting the pan down onto the table when Pam walked over and gave me a quick peck on the cheek. She thanked me for a wonderful experience the night before and she also said that she hoped I would allow her to return the favor. I was beside myself with emotion. My hormones raged as I thought of her being down on me. My heart was leaping with joy, I felt so much love for her at that moment. I took her into my arms and held her close. I wanted to feel that closeness I had felt time and time again the night before. Her chest against mine, her hot breath and soft skin. The moistness between my thighs was almost to much to bear. She broke our embrace and walked away to fix coffee for her and Steve. I tried readjusting myself without drawing to much attention to my predicament. I glanced up only to find three smiles spanning from ear to ear. I felt my face warm as I blushed.

Are you guys gonna stand there all day, or are we gonna eat? I said, breaking the anticipation and tension that was forming.

We all sat and enjoyed the meal and made small talk about the kids and work. Not one of us mentioned the sexual urgencies we had, yet we all knew how the others were feeling. I told them about my plans to spend my day soaking up the rays by the pool. They all seemed thrilled with the idea. We finished eating and one by one we walked into the tent and changed into swim wear. I was more than thankful that I had packed my two piece. I loved showing off for Jake, but now I would have even more fun flaunting my big tits and wide ass for Pam and Steve as well. I slipped into my multi-colored suit and slipped my shorts back on over top. I was cool to touch, but my insides were heating up fast. Pam was next to change. She quickly took my place as I walked out of the tent. She was not as daring and ready to show all, she opted for her one piece black suit. I thought she looked great in it. Her nipples poked teasingly outward from beneath the thin fabric. I heard Jake sigh as she walked past him. Steve and Jake both changed rather quickly. I assumed the quickness was an attempt to hide their hardening cocks. Pam and I could only giggle like innocent school girls at their actions.

The four of us leisurely walked toward the pool. We stopped briefly, at the office, to fill our small cooler with ice and sandwiches for lunch then walked the remaining short distance to the pool gate. Jake Stood holding the gate open for us, like a perfect gentleman. A perfect gentleman, until we passed him. He followed his nice gesture with a hard slap to the ass. He managed to get Pam and Steve, but I was wise to his tricks. One advantage to being his wife I guess.

Well all walked toward an area at the back part of the pool, adjusted the lounge chairs to face the sun, and flopped down. All having full intentions of enjoying the beauty of the day to its fullest. We made small talk, while allowing our bodies to absorb the beautiful golden rays. I glanced over in Pam and Steve's direction. I watched the sun beating off their reddened bodies. Steve's trunks kissing his limp cock flesh. My increasing need, to have him inside me made my juices flow. I stood, announcing that I was gonna test the water. I got no response. I figured everyone else was sleeping beneath the sun's warm glow. I dove into the clear, crisp water. My nipples hardening as my body plunged deeper and deeper toward the bottom of the pool. I emerged at the surface, pushing my hair out of my eyes. I felt refreshed and once again cool. I dove underwater once again, swimming toward the ladder. I stepped from the cool water. The sun kissed water droplets glistened as I walked back to my lounger. I spread my towel and sat down, grabbing a soda from the cooler. Steve watched my every move. I again felt my guts twitch and my pussy quiver. It was as if his eyes where burning holes straight through my suit. I smiled at him. He returned the smile and stretched, then asked if I could hand him a soda. I stood reaching into the cooler, my breasts swaying, causing the fabric to pull away from them. He watched intently as I stood before him, teasing him with my fleshy jugs. He licked his lips hard, stretching his legs as he did. His swim trunks bulged to accommodate his swelling cock. My desire constantly growing as I handed him his soda.

He grabbed my arm, pulling me atop his body. I grunted as I landed, his hard on poking into my belly. He had a fire in his eyes. The sexual fire that burns deep and hard, and can only be extinguished by taming the wanton lust the fuels it. I tenderly kissed his lips, playfully flicking my tongue along them as I did. He pushed his hips downward, causing his hardness to rub across my aching wetness. The whole episode took only minutes, but the effects were devastating to my composure. I tried suppressing the urges that were building by standing. My thighs slickened from our sweat as well as my own pussy juice. My solid nipples jutting outward. My mind restless in thought, and my hormones scorching my inner depts.

I dove into the vast coolness, Needing to quench my internal fires. I emerged at the surface only to find two pair of arms entangling me tightly. My instinct was to fight, yet these arms were familiar. I adjusted to the brightness of the sun and the chlorine filled water droplets that made their way into my eyes. My eyes fully opened, gazing into the endless blue of his. Leaning forward a bit; our lips met, our tongues entwining. His heating flesh pressed against mine, as I let my tongue explore his hard palate. The second set of hands reaching from behind, roaming my overheated flesh. Pulling me back, back against him. His raging manhood pressing hard against my fleshy ass cheeks. My body quivering, my strength diminished as he pushed the covering away from my heated gash. I felt his mushroom head brush against my inner thigh. My pussy burning with desire. The wanton lust I was filled with clearly showed on my face. Jake kissed me hard as he pushed, his still covered erection, into the front of my mound. Steve on the other hand was sliding his swelled cock cap along my slickened slit.

His cock slipped inside, the lube from the water only making his penetration that much easier. I moaned loudly. Jake kissed me hard again muffling my pleasure filled moans. Steve quickened his pace. Burrowing his cock farther and father into me. I could feel him hitting my cervix hard with each new thrust. I gazed into my husbands eyes as Steve continued to ram my pussy from behind. He smiled, while reaching down into the water to release his aching rod. I could feel him rubbing my clit with his cock head. My pussy exploded. The hot liquid squirted out into the water. The three of us were surrounded by warm cum filled liquid. I tilted my head back and Steve passionately kissed my parched lips. His cock spitting it's seed into my inner folds. I gasp as his fading cock continued to jerk and pulse. I glanced to the pool side in search of Pam. When I found her, her face flushed with arousal. Her left hand holding her suit out of the way, and her right hand feverishly rubbing her pussy. I watched in awe as she frigged herself. Bucking hard onto her own hand, moaning as louder and more intensely with each movement. I knew she was cumming. I felt Steve's flaccid cock spring back to life, as he too was enjoying his wife's little show. I contracted my hot snatch, pulling him deep inside once again. He left out a soft growl as he was sucked inside. Jake licked his lips. I motioned for him to go and take full advantage of his horny sister's situation. He simply smiled and shook his head no. I didn't understand why until I felt him pushing his way into my already filled hole. I screamed out, my pussy stretched to accommodate both men. I could feel their cocks throbbing within me. They moved in unison, slipping in and out of my burning fuck cave. I wondered what it felt like for both of them to be touching cock to cock. How tight my pussy must have felt to them. I bucked onto them, holding the pool edge for balance. My pussy squirting once again into the water. I felt Jake tense, his cock spasm and his creamy filling splash my cunty folds... The feel of Jake's pulsating prick was wonderful, and I could only imagine how it felt to Steve, who shared this pleasure playground with him. Steve had stopped moving. I could tell that the intensity of Jakes orgasm felt strange to him. His face was flushed, his breathing totally erratic, his cock throbbing with new found force. He grabbed Jake's arms and using them to gain leverage, and plowed into my cunt. His cock ramming hard into my cervix. I whinced in pain. Steve kissed the back of my neck tenderly. Almost as if he was trying to make up for hurting me. I ground my pussy onto his aching cock. I could tell he would cum again.

Jake gave me a kiss and hoisted himself out of the pool. His limp member still hanging out of his shorts a bit. He walked toward his sister, plopped down beside her and lit a cigarette. I reached into the water and pulled Steve's meat from my pussy. Guiding it toward my ass. He couldn't contain his surprise.

Holy fuck, are you sure??? He mumbled I leaned back assuring him that it was indeed okay and that I wanted him there. He flashed me a huge smile, as he teased my puckered ass bud with his cock head. He pushed gently inside, stopping once his head was inside to allow my shit tunnel to adjust to him. I was surprised by his size and his thickness seemed to double since he was inside my hot cunt. A small groan escaped from my throat as he pushed further and further into my chestnut hole. His pulsating meat stretched me. My asshole burned. My hormones raged on. I heard myself begging him to fuck my ass hard. My senses peaked as he plunged into my bowels. He grunted as his balls slapped against my wetness. As he increased the intensity and speed of his thrusts, I felt yet another orgasm build. He caressed my now bare breasts as my cunt devoured his cock once more. The added friction, causing him shoot gob after gob of creamy cum deep into my ass. I gasp as his weakened body fell forward, pushing me against the pool side hard. His cock sliding out, leaving my ass feeling empty and used hard. I sighed from the realization that my fuck feast was now drawing to a close.

I watched as Steve pulled his spent body from the water. As he climbed the ladder, he tucked his droopy cock back into his shorts and blew me an imaginary kiss. I stay there clinging to the pool side, allowing my hormones to ease back to a more normal state. I then sank underwater and swam the short distance to the ladder. Before stepping out, I readjusted myself and ducked under the water one last time. I stepped from the pool. My body was weak but satisfied. I walked toward my family. The three of them whispered something about me putting on one hell of a show and drew my attention to the opposite corner of the pool area...

I saw him sitting there in all his glory. His hand pumping away on his crotch. I gave him a weak smile. I was embarrassed that I had been watched. Yet something inside was tingling at the idea. I flopped down onto the chair and grabbed for my smokes. We all sat and talked about the events that progressed so far.

I was happy to hear that it was enjoyable to all. The dull ache in my pussy and the burning in my backside proved to me that I too had enjoyed it to the fullest.
Chapter 4
Home - Top




Home « MistressT1's Page « Family CampOut Index « Previous - Settings
Chapter 4
Posted: June 05, 2003 - 12:00:00 am

We sat around the pool leisurely eating our lunch, and making small talk. My horny watcher was now gone, his load spent and his energy drained. I had watched the whole time, as he took himself to complete orgasmic bliss. My pussy burning intensely as I watched. I found it hard to not help this stranger. I couldn't believe how slutty I felt, nor how much one could act like a whore.

Jake smiled in my direction. I was so wrapped up in my own thoughts I faintly smiled back at him. He must have sensed my distance, and moved, sitting down at the foot of my lounge.

You okay honey? He asked in a concerned tone.

I told him yes I was fine and just thinking. He seemed satisfied with my answer, and walked back toward his own seat.

Indeed I was thinking. My mind raced with emotions and wicked fantasies. It was then that reality set in. I sighed, thinking that this would be our last full day here. Thinking that tomorrow we would leave and conduct ourselves as family members only. I wondered if I could do it. I knew it would be a challenge, but I was up for it. After all challenges are what makes the mind sharper.

I sat back, enjoying my cigarette while gazing at the glistening water of the pool.

Her sun kissed shadow, shaded my feet. She stood before me in all her glory as beads of sweat formed at her cleavage. She flashed me a wicked smile, whilst showing me a sliver of her bare breast. My hormones ran full bore as I admired her beauty. Her ridged nipples teasingly poking outward at the spandex material of her suit. The material clinging to the moisture of her shaven mound, her beautiful pussy lips were outlined perfectly. I could feel the drool puddle behind my teeth. I was in a frenzied state. I needed that pussy.

She held her hand out, stopping me from standing then knelt beside my chair, her firm ass pointing toward my husband. I watched him stare. I could tell his urges were strong, and the tenting in his swim trunks only made it more clear.

Her breath was warm against my skin. She kissed me hard on the lips. I responded, only to have her pull away once again. I felt hurt but inquisitive as well.

She was kissing and nibbling on my neck with a new found fury. My pants became painfully obvious when she released my aching tits. I watched as she gobbled my huge melon into her mouth. She had latched onto me like she was a nursing infant. I didn't mind. Her hot oral cavity was making me feel so needy. I needed her, I needed her tongue. I needed release.

She worked her way down across my bare belly. Much in the same way I did the night before. Her hands exploring my fleshy thighs. She brushed my wetness through my suit bottoms. I raised my hips to give her the freedom to remove them. She smiled, shaking her head no. I was confused again. She wanted to eat my pussy, she wanted to return the favor... Why the hell didn't she want my pussy exposed so she could?

She quickly nuzzled her face into my crotch. The pressure was to much for me to handle. I bucked onto her face with my covered snatch. She ground her chin into the sensitive area of my clit, while quickly tracing my burning slit with her fingers. She was eating me all right, only she was teasing me to the extreme by doing it this way. I wondered how she could control the urge. That gut wrenching urge. The one that makes you want to rip those bottoms off and bury your tongue into the inner folds.

From her moans, it became clear to me why she chose to wait. It hadn't occurred to me but she wanted this sexual plight to be an all out foursome. Jake and Steve both seemed to sense this way before me. Steve was already stroking his manhood, while pushing it toward my face. Jake too, was preparing his meat. He spit onto it, lubing it well. Making sure his penetration would be smooth and not cause his beautiful sister any harm.

She grunted as he entered her. His face bore a painful realization of his long time fantasy come true. I smiled at him, knowing that he was now complete. Knowing that his ultimate fantasy was happening right now. I too was in complete bliss. I was having my final fantasy of the four of us, only this time I was awake. This time I was feeling what before my dreams only allowed. My wetness was real this time. My pleasure was true.

Steve shoved his cock into my face, pleading with me to suck him. I was quick to oblige, taking his hardness into my mouth. I swirled my tongue around him. His heated moans only driving me to suck his harder.

Pam had moved the soaked material away from my skin. The cool air sent shivers up my spine, as my fleshy cunt was exposed. She wasted no time burying her face between my thighs. I bucked like a wild woman as she licked my pussy hard. My heated moans muffled from Steve's cock. I watched him thrust in and out of my mouth at marathon speed. His balls slapped my chin hard. I feared that if he fucked my mouth any harder I would have a black and blue face. He seemed driven by his wives muffled moans. She was taking Jakes cock to the hilt, and he was not slowing down for anything. His cock hammered between her swollen pussy lips. His hands firmly grasping her hips. His body glistened with sweat, as he smacked his filling balls against her.

I could tell that Steve was also nearing his own climax, His hardening nuts just waiting for the right moment to burst. I heard Jake groan, I knew that sound. I knew he was cumming. He quickly withdrew his pulsating prick from her pussy depths, shooting gobs and gobs of goo onto her ass and back. Then quickly returned it to the hot depths. I felt myself releasing, my pussy flooding, my sister in law desperately trying to keep up with my juice. She moaned as her own steamy snatch released itself onto my husbands fading prick. Steve groaned loudly. I felt his cum rising to meet my lips. Up his shaft and discharging from his piss slit. I gobbled his man milk as quick as I could. His load was huge and I had trouble keeping it all in my mouth. He pulled his over sensitive cock from my mouth. I looked deep into his eyes. Seeing his satisfaction, I smiled. The cum on my chin was drying, making it hard to show him the extent of my pleasure.

We all stood close to each other, regaining from our wobbling legs. We were met with claps and cheers. People hooting and yelling. We all looked around. It appeared that we had all indeed put on one hell of a show. A show indeed. Fours couples stood just outside the fence. Hard nipples and tenting shorts could be seen wherever you looked. It was then that I noticed the owners standing by the gate. I swallowed hard. Thinking all the while that we would be banned from their campground forever, or charged with indecent exposure. They walked toward us. I started to speak but Max's raised hand stopped my words from coming.

You four are new here, and since that is the case I want you to all know that before today this was a family campground. In light of the actions you all have taken, my wife, Betty, and I have decided to change our small business into a much more profitable one.

We four all gazed at the two standing before us, unsure of what this ment to us. They said they would explain the details of their plans at dinner and hoped we would join them. We accepted their invite to dinner, out of morbid curiosity of these so called plans.

As they walked back toward their little office the crowd cheered loudly again, before dispersing to their own camp sites, and their own sexual desires.

We all collapsed onto our chairs, laughing hysterically.
Chapter 5
Home - Top


Home « MistressT1's Page « Family CampOut Index « Previous - Settings
Chapter 5
Posted: June 05, 2003 - 12:00:00 am

Our laughter subsided, leaving a nagging dull ache in our sides. With our little exhibit finished, we mutually decided it would be best to return to our campsite. We gathered our things and slowly made our way back toward the site, back toward the comfort of no audiences. After changing and starting a fire, we all sat and talked. Each of us exploring our own feelings as well as hearing everyone else's. We were all in agreeance that today's uncanny happenings were amusing.

I was flushed as I explained my own feelings. My own sexual enjoyment having been watched. My heated flesh bouncing as they witnessed my insides being rammed to the fullest. I was embarrassed. In the same sense, the unique way it happened, was humiliatingly pleasant.

Jake and Pam also felt as I did, the whole experience was interesting, arousing and had an almost dreamlike sense to it. Steve on the other hand was pissed. More at himself than the people who watched, but pissed just the same. We sat an listened to him ramble on and on about how humiliating it was to know those sick perverts were getting hot from watching him, from watching all of us. He commented time and time again how fucking stupid we all had been for getting busy; outside, without confines of protecting walls.

I stood, slowly walked toward him and kneeled between his legs. As I gazed into his deep brown eyes, and softly spoke.

Steve, what we all shared was special, it was without limits. He nodded as if he wanted me to continue.

We all gave into our hidden lusts for each other, that is nothing to be ashamed of.

He began rolling his eyes, as if I was boring him with empty words. I sighed deeply.

Gently, I took his face between my hands. Our eyes met, and it was almost as if our stares were glued together by some imaginary force. I saw fear and hurt. I also saw confusion, where only a short while before I had seen pure satisfaction. I leaned toward him, kissing him tenderly on the lips.

Jake and I care for you and Pam more than you can ever grasp. Do you think I would do anything that could hurt you?

He simply shrugged his shoulders, his eyes now lowered toward the ground.

I knew he could hear the truth in the words I spoke. I knew he wanted to desperately believe them.

Pam and Jake were now standing behind me, offering any support they could give. I felt so sorry for Steve, yet I was still glad that our little escapade had taken place. I knew deep down he was as well.

I still worried that even when he came to grips with the situation, and actually admitted to liking it, that he would never be willing to allow me to be sexual with him again. I heart sank as the thoughts ran through my head. I knew deep within my soul that we could all continue to enjoy each other, if we did it the right way. I knew from Jake's own expressions of enjoyment, that he too wanted to continue and build upon the experience we had, had.

I stood, letting Pam slip into my place. I walked away, pulling Jake with me.

We sat holding each other. Each trying to understand, and register todays events. It was then that Jake reminded me of our dinner arrangements with the campground owners.

I had forgotten all about having dinner with them.

Pam glanced back toward me. Her expression showed that she too had forgotten about our plans for the evening. I could tell she was uneasy about meeting with the owners. My stomach churned a bit as well. Steve glanced up at me, his eyes dampened with tears.

I am sorry guys, I guess I should have realized, with a free porn show like we gave today, of course we would be the center of attention.

We all stared at him.

I am honestly cool with it now, thank you for explaining things to me.

We all, including him, chuckled at his comments.

We each gathered presentable clothes for our so- called dinner slash business meeting, and walked to the bath house.

I was still in a bit of a daring mood. I had decided that I would shower with my husband tonight. I figured what the hell, I had done it every night at home. Why not here too?

I walked into the women's part of the bath house and tossed our stuff onto the bench. The same bench that had started this whole incestuous adventure.

I checked each stall, making sure I was indeed alone. Then walked back to the door and motioned for Jake to follow me. He quickly followed me into the building, his hands groping me wildly.

I turned, slamming my puckered lips into his. Our tongues quickly finding each other, as we stood embracing.

Jake broke our kiss and looked deep into my eyes. It was as if I could read his mind, and I answered his question before he asked it. I told him I thought all was fine and that yes I enjoyed it very much. He stared, the shocked stare, I had seen so many times before.

How the hell do you always know what I am thinking? He asked I chuckled as I walked to the shower and adjusted the water. I then motioned for him to join me. He strolled over to the shower, the shocked stare still present on his face.

I just do, okay. I said as I stepped into the small shower stall. He joined me.

Our cramped space allowed for only one of us to wash at a time. I had no problem standing back a bit and watching him lather his firm body. I watched him take special care of washing his nut sack and cock. He blushed slightly, when he realized I was watching his every move. I smiled at him. All the while hiding the fact that; watching his soapy body move about, was turning me on. He finished fairly quickly and moved back to allow me the space to wash my own self. I washed my flabby folds with speedy effectiveness. I quickly soaped my legs, shaving them once over just to be sure I had no stubbles. Then I washed my hair and rinsed my whole body clean.

We stepped from the shower and dried quickly. I dressed, again being a bit pissed at myself for not packing panties. Jake stood beside me, watching my every move as I applied my make-up and fixed my still dampened hair. I stood back, gazing at myself in the mirror.

Both being satisfied with our looks, we gathered our things and walked outside to wait for Pam and Steve. Much to our surprise they were already done and waiting on us.

Nobody spoke much, as we walked back to the campsite to drop off our dirty clothes and to hang our used towels.

The four of us walked arm in arm toward the office, then around back toward Max and Betty's bungalow. I swallowed hard as we stepped onto their porch. I felt like a small girl, heading into my first co-sleep over. My guts were wrenching and my palms sweaty. Jakes hands were also moist with nervous sweat. I glanced back at Pam and Steve, who where now behind us, and smiled. I tried to smile as if I was calm, cool and collected, but I knew both of them could see right through me. I rapped on the screen door. My heart felt as if it had stopped for the few seconds it took Max to answer the door. He invited us in and told us to sit down and get comfortable.

Get comfortable, yeah right who the hell was he kidding. We all looked as scared as teenagers who had returned home past curfew. I breathed a sigh of relief when Betty asked me and Pam to help her set the table for dinner. I kinda felt bad for leaving the men to talk amongst themselves. Yet I was happy for the tension breaker.

Betty was an attractive, older woman. The fine streaks of white hair entwined within her black locks told me she was perhaps in her late 40's. Not that her age mattered much to me at the time.

She hummed to herself as she buzzed around her small yet adequate kitchen. She had an soothing motherly persona about her that I enjoyed. I could feel the tension leaving my body as I started to relax, started to feel more comfortable with being in their home. Pam glanced at me and smiled. It was a deep smile, one that let me know she was okay with the situation and that her butterflies were going away as well.

With the table set and the meal in place, the three of us walked back toward to area we had first entered. The three men stood about the wet bar talking. I wondered what Steve and Jake were saying. What had spiked their interest, as much as it had Max's?

Max was also a bit older, I would say in his mid to late 50's, if I had to guess. His balding hair was the only thing that gave his age away though. For the rest of him was tanned and toned, showing that he was indeed no stranger to hard work.

I walked toward Jake, sliding my hand around his waist and flashing him my killer smile.

He returned my smile and I could have swore I saw a distinctive gleam in his eye.

We ate and talked about work and our kids. We found that Max and Betty had never been lucky enough to have kids of their own and that the campground was willed to them. They were an amazing couple and the way their minds worked was totally inspiring.

As we leisurely finished our meal, complete with hot apple pie for dessert, we started our talk about their plans for the business and how we fit into that picture.

We all helped to clear the table and load the small dishwasher. Then retired to the den.

We sat as Betty and Max played perfect hosts. Not only were they feeding us but now we were sitting in their den and being served drinks.

We sat sipping our drinks while listening to the couple explain detailed plans for turning their little family oriented campground into and adult playground, complete with live shows and all.

The four of us looked at each other in disbelief. It was as if we had forgotten that even though they were an older couple, they had sexual interests and needs as well as we did.

They explained that others, watching our little show today, were willing to pay top dollar to see it again and again. To maybe even get into the act themselves. They handed Pam and Steve a check. As well as Jake and I. They said it was a part of the money they had earned from our performance today.

Max went on to tell us that each couple that stood watching us today was charged $100, and each single $50. He was amazed that these horny people hadn't flinched a bit at the price. He was also amazed that each person charged for watching today, had also come into the office, asking what other services they offered. It was then that he and Betty had decided to take their little, barely existing business and make it a huge, profitable one.

Here was were we came into the picture.

The two rambled on and on about the wonderful scene we had set, and that they had themselves become so aroused from watching, that they had sex four times that day.

Betty smiled saying only that the last time Max could keep his manliness going like that, was when they were in their 20's. We all started laughing. The renewal in their sex life was credited to us, I was flattered. I could tell the others were just as flattered to make such an impact doing what came so naturally.

As we all took a glass of the remaining wine, we decided we would need to have a meeting or many meetings to work out all the little details of our newest venture. We decided that we would join them again Wednesday for a follow-up, and brainstorm session. They knew we were thrilled with the concept, and even more thrilled that we were all going to profit from this, profit very well I might add. They explained that by the following week they expected some decent ideas for getting this risky business going.

We thanked them repetitively and then left the comforts of their home and walked in total silence back to our tent, back to the semi private place we had been calling home.
Chapter 6
Home - Top



Home « MistressT1's Page « Family CampOut Index « Previous - Settings
Chapter 6
Posted: June 05, 2003 - 12:00:00 am

We all sat back enjoying the fire the men had built. My own mind bustled with activity.

I had replayed Max's words throughout my head the whole way back to our campsite.

Now that we were back and nursing our beer, they silently ran through it again.

I thought of all the possibilities that could await this place, given the right tools, and the right motivation. I burst into laughter, as the vision of a long legged woman, with orange hair doing a striptease, filtered into my thoughts.

The others watched me intently as my own, self induced, laughing attack wore off, and eventually ended.

I told them about my vision, and I now was laughing to the point of pissing all over myself. The others were roaring in side splitting laughter, not only at the vision I had, but at the fact that I, a grown woman, had pissed myself in laughter. I couldn't believe myself. Sure I had made as ass out of myself many times before but this was different.

This was down right humiliating.

Jake must have sensed the painfulness of my embarrassment.

Honey, I think you are done drinking, don't you? He said it with a chuckle, but I hadn't heard that

Fuck you! I shot back.

I walked toward the edge of the woods. Finding our dish tub there, I filled it with a bit of water and washed my self. My pissy clothes even smelled of stale beer. I thought for sure I would puke. I thought that maybe my hubby was right, maybe I should be done drinking.

He walked up behind me, covering my still wet, but clean body. I slowly turned to face him. Our eyes met. He kissed my tenderly.

I understand what you are going through, I felt this same way today.

His voice cut into me. I buried my head deep into his chest, crying uncontrollably. After my shock wore off, I unburied my head and gave him a weak smile. I didn't know how long he had held me as I sobbed. I didn't really care. All I knew was that his arms felt wonderful. I didn't want him to let go, not yet anyway.

He sensed my need and pulled me closer. I breathed in his cologne, it was still strong and gave me comforting feel.

I then heard Jake's voice behind us. He was saying sorry repeatedly. I knew he was and I was too for acting like a drunken asshole.

I released my grip on Steve once more, only this time I walked back and into my husbands arms. Into the arms that protected me, into the arms I should have sought out in the first place. He kissed my tenderly, repeating his pleas for forgiveness. I told him that I was so sorry for acting like as ass and started sobbing again.

Jake walked me to the tent, releasing his grips only long enough to unzip it.

He lay me down softly. I was lost in my own self, I was lost in his strong arms. I nuzzled into him and slowly fell into sleepy state of being. I only remember a brief moment when Steve and Pam joined us in the tent.

Sunday

I felt the warm rays filtering into the tent and warming my bare legs. I tried to recall undressing, but my mind was blank. I glanced around the tent. Jake lay sleeping, and I noticed a huddled mass in the back part of the tent. A mass that I assumed was Steve and Pam.

I slowly pulled my jeans and t shirt on over my nakedness, then unzipped the tent and walked out into the new day. I breathed the fresh morning air. The faint smell of coffee filtered into my nose.

I stretched then glanced around the campsite. I didn't see anyone, yet the coffee was perking above the fire. I had thought of going back inside just to double check if everyone was accounted for. Just to see if my alcohol induced state of last night had followed me through to the morning. I quickly put the idea out of my head. Realizing that my nakedness this morning was the result of my own stupidity.

The burning in my crotch reminded me of my need to pee. I quickly walked toward the bath house and relieved my bladder. It felt good to have some type of control over my own body fluids again. Feeling refreshed and ready for the day I walked back to camp.

Steve sat quietly next to the fire. He seemed to be enjoying the morning as well as a cigarette. I walked by him and sat in the seat beside him.

Morning babe. His voice seemed bubbly

Morning, and thanks. I said He just looked at me, taking my hand into his.

You don't need to be sorry and I don't need thanks, we have all gotten that way His words were gentle but seemed to do little for my ego. I still felt like an asshole and nobody could change that.

It wasn't long before Jake and Pam were up and moving around the campsite as well. Pam seemed chipper yet she also had a aloofness that I wouldn't understand until later. We each took some of the remaining coffee. We had decided that we would finish up our coffee, change and then head out for breakfast. I glanced at my watch, relieved that it was only 8AM. I told everyone that after we ate, we would come back and take down camp. It sounded like the perfect plan, but sometimes perfect plans have a way of going all wrong.

Our meal was wonderful and more filling than any of us had planned it to be. As we each moved toward the door, we talked. Each one of us complaining that we had eaten to much and now didn't feel like doing anything. The jeans I had on seemed to grow tighter by the second, I unbuttoned them in hopes that it would help.

Jake saw my tender overstuffed belly peaking from under my shirt. He reached over, I think in attempt to rub my belly for me, and was shocked to see my mound top there to greet his stares. I glanced up and flashed him a naughty grin. His eyes sparkled as his fingers softly brushed my stubbled mound. I could feel my arousal growing more intense by the second.

We made the short drive back to the campground, in what seemed to be record time. My sexual fires burned like a raging inferno deep within me.

We each started small not wanting to hurry, not wanting to make the fullness in our bellies anymore painful than it was.

Jake walked slowly around inside the tent, gathering the things and setting them outside the tent door. It seemed like each time he dropped his armloads onto the ground, he stopped. Stopped and watched me. I was still a bit full but the feeling was slowly wearing away as I worked. I carefully packed the stuff into the van. Making as much room as possible. I had no intention of cramming the four of us into that little space the way we had. I knew I would enjoy whoever might happen to touch me, but deep down I knew we had to act like family. We have to act like responsible adults, not horny sex craving teens.

A challenge indeed considering all the weekend events, and our pending business venture. I could handle it, or at least I thought so.

With our van packed and the tent ready to be taken down and folded, we stood looking around our little paradise. I sighed. We each looked at one another, trying to find words to express our feelings. I knew what I was feeling. I wanted to take the three of them into our tent, and take my turns with each of them. Sucking and fucking till I couldn't move a muscle. I didn't want this weekend to end, now that I think of it, I am sure none of the others did either.

The painful realization that we were indeed returning to the normal world hit as Jake pulled the poles from the ground. I felt like blurting out Stop, Don't do that. I wanna stay. but no words came. We each stared at the mass of fabric laying at our feet. None of us ready to make a move, none of us ready to admit our family fun was indeed drawing to an end.

I cleared my throat, in hopes that the right words would come to me

Well guys, it has been great. I want to thank you all for the best camping trip I have ever been on. We will have to do it again really soon. As the words rolled from my lips I realized how shallow they had sounded. Not at all the impression I had intended.

I asked to others to help me roll our tent. I figured at least this act would help bring closure to the weekend. We each grabbed a corner of the tent, folding in upon itself.

Careful to push the remaining air from within it. As Pam, Jake and Steve stood above me, I rolled the tent. I felt as if I could have cried, but knew it would do little good in this situation.

With the tent now in it's place, buried within the confines of our van, we each took our respectable places in the seats. Not one of us touching another. I drove up to the office and we filed out of the van. We walked into the office, for the last time, at least of this trip. Max and Betty explained that Wednesday, our next meeting day, needed to be productive. We all agreed and told them not to worry. We exchanged phone numbers with them and told them if they needed us for anything to call.

Back on the road, back toward the civilized world. Back to Alex, and Steve Jr., as well as little Maria. Back to our houses and our jobs. Back to the confines of being family.

We spoke little on the way, each fearing that we might say something wrong.

I pulled our van in the to drive only a short while later. I sighed as I glanced at our house. I missed to woods already. I missed the freedom that they gave me.

Unpacking the van went by in a flash. We quickly loaded Pam and Steve's things into the SUV, and left our in a pile on the garage floor. I asked if anyone wanted a cold drink. I was met with three tongues hanging out, much like a dog that has been running of a while. The scene was hilarious, yet I found it hard to laugh. I found it even more hard to gain perspective on my emotions. I could tell by the others sudden case of 'ants in the pants' that they too were unsure of what to do or say. Not a one wanting to say something wrong.

Steve called his mother, letting her know that we were home and all went well. She said that the kids were playing and that she would bring each home to their own houses later this evening, sometime after supper.

We were each relieved that Steve's mom was keeping the kids a little longer. Not only would it allow Pam and Steve to take their stuff home but it also allowed us to brainstorm a bit. Jake and I hurriedly put our things into their proper place. We each working with amazing speed, not stopping until each item was in it's place and all was back to normal. They sat and held each other, talking softly while they waited from Steve and Pam's return.

My heart fluttered as I heard them pull into our driveway. I could feel my nipples harden as their car doors shut, then that all familiar tingle between my legs. I shifted my ass back onto the couch, a movement that seemed to help my sudden ache.

They walked in, carrying pads of paper and books. I sighed when I realized that they had indeed come to brainstorm. I on the other hand wanted more. I wanted the remaining time we had alone to be spent caressing, enjoying and more so filling each others needs.

As we each walked to the dinning room table, I realized that my need had grown. From the looks of the others I was the only one feeling this burning desire. I excused myself and walked to the bathroom.

Once inside, I quickly found my way into my jeans. My hand freely roaming my mound.

I sat down on the edge of the tub. My fingers quickly finding the heated moisture which continued to build along my slit. I rubbed myself feverishly, rocking my fleshy ass back and forth on the edge of the white porcelain. I could feel my climax nearing, and tried to muffle my moans. The scent of my arousal rose to meet my nostrils, as my juices flowed free. Quickly realizing that my jeans were now wet, I stood. After tossing them into the hamper and grabbing a wash cloth, I proceeded to wash. Being sure that no evidence of my actions were present. I slipped onto a second pair of jeans and returned to the table. I hoped that the heat rising from my cheeks, was only my imagination.

The three were engrossed in conversation. So much so, that they never realized I had returned. I sat watching, intent on listening to them brainstorm. I knew I too had ideas for this venture, but for now I would remain silent. I would bide my time before I truly expressed my own ideas.

They each stared in my direction, you know the annoyed stare people give you when you are interrupting something.

What?

Steve chuckled. Don't you have anything to say about this?

I smiled and told them that I was only listening for now, and that I would give them my insight later. It was then that I head the car pull into the drive. I glanced at my watch, 6:30 already. I couldn't believe how quickly time was flying by. It seemed like only a short while ago we were talking about after supper. It hadn't occurred to us that we had indeed worked through it. We quickly gathered the note papers from the brainstorm session, and I tucked them into my desk drawer. I was sure that Steve mom would come into the house, and that was the last thing she needed to read.

We decided we would call it a night and as Pam and Steve walked to their car, I watched. Steve Jr. and little Maria ran into their parents arms. Each full of kisses and mouths running a mile a minute. They seemed insistent on cramming a weekend of excitement into a few minutes of explanation. I laughed as I watched them.

Steve's mom carefully walked toward me, Alex sleeping in her arms. I asked if he had been good. She smiled, saying only that she wished all the kids she had every watched were that good. Pride filled me as she praised my little boy. I asked her if she would like a cup of coffee. Sadly she declined and after handing Alex to me, she left.

I slowly walked his tender young body into the house and out of the night chill. His features seemed to change in the short while we were gone, yet his fluffy pj's and small body told me I was only imagining it.

I tucked him into his crib, covering him tenderly. I stood gazing down at his sleeping body. My heart thumped with new passion. My role was now mother again, no longer was I a sex crazed slut. No longer was I ready to hump my own in laws at any given second.

Jake walked into the room and stood next to me, slowly sliding his arm around my waist.

We watched as our son slept, careful not to say anything, for fear of waking him.

Our eyes met. His soft sexy lips grazing against my own. I smiled softly and led the way out of our son's room. Not one of us mentioned the brainstorm session, nor did we talk about our weekend encounters. We walked slowly to our bedroom, each finding a familiar comfort within.

The alarm screamed for my attention. I reached, turning it off. My sleep induced cobwebs slowly started to filter away. I breathed deep, then reached for Jake.

He wasn't in bed. I wondered where the hell he was, and why hadn't he tried to wake me.

I stood, grabbing my robe from the bed post. Slowly I made my way to the kitchen.

His silhouette was barely visible, yet my senses told me he was just as he was when we fell asleep the night before. I walked toward him, clicking on the coffee pot as I passed it. He stood, reaching for me. His nakedness pressed against my thin robe. My nipples hardened, giving my arousal away. He tenderly kissed my lips, then whispered that he had called off from work. My heart soared as the idea of a day with him and Alex filtered into my mind. He explained that he had our day all planned and that we were going to make it a productive day. He also told me that Pam and Steve were coming for dinner tonight. My body trembled as I thought of them being near me again. The moisture collecting on my inner thighs, was proof that I was excited about their up coming visit.

Jake smiled as he lowered my robe from my shoulders.

He kissed my hot flesh as he guided my toward our bed. Our lovemaking was full of passion and unbridled lust.

We lay holding each other, basking in our own pleasure, as we talked of the campground.

His ideas were raw and shameless. He explained that we would be acting out many of them, just to make sure they were perfect for our horny audiences. He also said that he would wait to fill me in on them until we had the undivided attention of all the partners.

I felt my senses go haywire and a voice in the back of my head scream...

Wednesday, Where are you??
Your opinion is important:
Share with the others what you think about
"Family CampOut"
     
Switch to Expanded voting form
The End
Posted: 2003-06-04
Last Modified: 2003-06-05 / 12:00:00 am
Home - Top



