Chapter 1
Posted: February 28, 2011 - 08:34:39 am

Nancy:

I suppose, being the mother, I'll start this off and try to explain who we are and something about our family and each one of us.

I'm Nancy, married to Jack for seventeen years now. I'm thirty-seven, yes getting closer to the dreaded forty mark. But, I've kept myself pretty well, still weigh within five pounds what I did when I graduated from high school. I have blond hair just past my shoulders, stand five-six, nice, curvy figure, all held up by two beautiful legs. Yes, they're my best assets.

Yes, yes, my boobs. For you fellows out there, well, you'd like them. They're C-cup, just barely, and firm, no sag to speak of; I look good in a bikini. My nipples are small, reddish and easily aroused. And I shave my pussy ever since I found a Playboy magazine hidden in my son's room. Those girl's pussies just looked so fresh and young, I wanted it, too. Jack loved it immediately the minute he saw it and had to see how smooth I was with his tongue. I let him do just that through three orgasms. It gives me an incentive to keep it bare and smooth.

Let's see, that's enough about me.

Oh, sex. Yes, well, I've always loved sex since my first time. That was when I was thirteen and had a new boyfriend who, one afternoon after school, just pulled out his dick and asked me if I wanted to play with it. I did.

Okay, now, Jack. He's forty, yes, the big four-O. But, handsome, yes, he's a good looking man, was when we met in college, still is. I was in his bed on the second date. We both knew what we wanted, it seems.

He's six-one, one-eighty-two, solid, dark brown hair, now with a few wisps of gray that I never mention, and, if cocks don't change much, he has a seven-incher. I say that because I measured it not long after we started dating. So, it's been a while. Feels good, I know that.

We have two children, one of each, Will is fifteen, fourteen when this all began, and Amanda was thirteen, now fourteen.

Will is a clone of his dad, tall, now six feet even, also solid, on two sports teams in high school and a good-looking guy.

Amanda, well, she started to develop like I did, early. Her nipples began to swell into small breasts when she was nine and by twelve she was B-cup. Now, at fourteen, she's just into C-cups. I've seen her naked and, well, she's stunning. And she shaves her pubic area as well. I suppose most all girls do now, it seems like the thing to do. And, she's a sexy girl, she enjoys being a girl and enjoys the attention her body draws to her.

So, that's us and now I can get to the reason for all this, there's a story to tell and I suppose you won't be surprised that it involves sex since I'm telling it here rather than Ladies' Home Journal.

The big change in our family started when Jack had an assignment in Europe which was to last three months. It came with a sizable bonus which sweetened the pot enough that it was very worthwhile. So, we packed him up and got him off to Europe as I took over being Mom and Dad.

In the beginning, life was just as it had been. But, after a few weeks, there was a subtle change in my son, Will. He seemed more attentive somehow. I really didn't dwell on it at the time, but, now, looking back, well, he hugged me more and instead of a peck on the cheek, it was kisses on the lips.

Will:

Let me tell you something that my mom left out. She's a hot-looking woman. Sexy. Yes, I even have friends who use the MILF-term. And, well, she was a mommy I'd like to fuck.

I'd started masturbating when I was ten or eleven and there were times when I was dreaming of who it would be that my own mother drifted into my fantasies. Did I think it was wrong or bad to think of my own mother in a sexual way? No, I was a horny boy.

I did see my mom in bra and panties, actually quite often. She said, quite truthfully, that if she was seen in a bikini then why not in her underwear. It made sense and I got to admire my mom as she went to do the laundry or whatever in her bra and panties. Then, I'd go jack-off some more.

So, after my dad had left for his stint in Europe, it began to feel a little different with me being the male in the house. I started hugging her more, even kissing her on the lips, just for a second or two in the beginning, then longer.

And, when she would be in her underwear, I'd compliment her.

"You are sure looking good, Mom."

"Aren't you sweet, you make this almost forty-year old mother of two feel pretty good, Will," she said as she twirled around like a model on the runway.

"Well, you're making this fourteen-year old boy feel pretty good," I said before I realized that it could possibly be too direct.

"Don't tell me my boy is looking at his mother?"

"Oh, come on, Mom, you're hot-looking like that," I told her as she put her hands under her breasts and shook them up and down.

"My little boy gets horny for his mom, does he?"

"Want me to show you?" I ventured not knowing what her reaction might be.

"Hmm, enough of this, I've got work to do," and she went off to another room as I was left with a massive hard-on.

Nancy:

The changes in Will were subtle but definite though, at the time, I really didn't take much notice. And, I suppose the changes in me were as well. Yes, I had become a little more taunting in my dress or undress, letting him get peeks here and there, going around more in my lingerie. Yes, he was complimenting my looks more but, truthfully, I was fishing more for those compliments. They made me feel good and wanted. Even if it was my son.

I also went to WIll's baseball games and was his most vocal supporter. The cheerleaders all seemed to like him and swarmed all over him because he often made an unexpected play on the field.

So, one day, as he was sitting at the kitchen table while I prepared supper, I asked him, "I'll bet you like all those cute, sexy cheerleaders making a big deal over you after every game."

"Truth is, Mom, you're prettier than any of them and if you wore a little outfit like they do, you'd outshine them any day."

Well, what mom wouldn't want to hear that?

So, for his game the next day, yes, I carefully chose a short little skirt, one I hadn't worn in a few years along with a blouse that was rather small for me but did what I wanted. Yes, maybe I was thinking of my son more as a man now.

When I came out to drive him to his game, he let me know he had noticed my outfit.

"Oh, Mom, look at you. What a babe. You can be my cheerleader anytime, any time at all. They'll all be jealous of my mom and I don't blame them. You look so hot."

I really couldn't help be aware that I had a very warm feeling from his words and that warmth was centered right between my legs. I think that was the first time that I actually thought of my son in a fully sexual way, a vision of my son and me as lovers. I was so wet driving there, I had to go to the women's restroom and get some toilet tissue to fold up and put in the crotch of my panties. Oh, yes, I knew then for sure.

I rooted and cheered like never before and when the game was over, I ran up to my son and kissed him and soon realized that I had to pull away lest all the people there wonder what we were doing. So, it was a short kiss and hug but I knew it was new and different.

Will had told me that he especially liked my legs so that had me wearing skirts and shorts more, even some bikini panties under the skirts that I could be a bit less than careful with when around him.

Will:

Well, I was fourteen, a boy fourteen years old. You know what my dick was like. It just never calmed down. And all I saw was my mother looking so sexy.

There was a shopping mall about a mile from us so I decided to go there to the Victoria's Secret shop and buy my mother some lingerie, a bra and panties. Yes, it was gutsy but I was ruled by my cock. I went in her room and looked at the sizes, then rode off on my bike to the mall.

I couldn't believe how nice the woman was in the store, she treated me just like any shopper and I ended up bringing home a Victoria's Secret Pink pushup bra and a thong panty that added up to about thirty-five bucks. I'm a good saver and that was about half of my current savings but I knew, somehow, it would be worth it.

When I got home, I found her in her bedroom and I handed her the gift box.

"Oh, Will, what ... Victoria's Secret? Oh, my, what was my son doing in Victoria's Secret? And, this is for me?"

"It's for the prettiest girl I know," I said proudly and very nervously.

"Should I open it now?" she asked and I nodded as she pulled the ribbon off and opened the lid.

She held up the bra, then the panties which were really small.

"Um, my son certainly has good taste in women's lingerie. You rather amaze me, Will," and she leaned over, put her hand behind my head and pulled my face to hers.

She kissed me exactly the way I'd been hoping for, a sexy, woman-to-man kiss like I'd never gotten before. I almost think I felt the tip of her tongue.

"Thank you, Will, how very sweet and, well, how very nice of my son."

After supper, I was sitting in the den watching television, my sister was at a friend's house, when I heard mom say, "Well, what do you think, Will?"

I turned and there she was in the new bra and panties I'd bought her.

"Oh, wow, Mom, you ... omigod, you are so hot looking. You're gorgeous, just beautiful," I stammered as she walked around in front of me.

The bra was like open on the top and it pressed her boobs up so they were just overflowing. I could even see the very top of her reddish nipples. She bent over as I gazed at her breasts then stood back up as my eyes went down to the tiny panties she was wearing. They were so small that I could make out the lips of her pussy and the groove between.

My heart was pounding as she stood there, nearly naked as I drank in her sexy body.

"So, you like how it makes me look?"

"Oh, Mom, you look better than the Playboy girls."

"My, my, that good, huh? And so my son reads Playboy?"

"Well, mostly the pictures, Mom," I answered truthfully, grinning.

"Well, thank you, son, you've made my day," and she bent over and gave me another kiss, this one with the tip of her tongue just teasing me.

I almost reached up to hold her breasts but she broke off and went out of the room. I turned and watched her leave, her butt cheeks fully exposed to me for the first time and they were stunning. I clicked off the television and decided to go to bed and read for a while which really meant that I could rub my dick under the covers.

After about an hour, Mom came in wearing a lacy nighty which let the bra and panties I'd given her show through. She looked so sexy, so hot.

"I wanted to say goodnight and thank you for the bra and panties. I won't ask how you got the sizes right, I think I know how," and she bent down and kissed me softly on the lips, then left.

Three times I masturbated that night. It was sore when I finished. That's how horny I was.

Nancy:

A bra and panties. My son gave me a bra and a pair of panties. Not just a bra and panties, a demi-bra and thong panties from Victoria's Secret. About as sexy a gift as I've ever gotten. And it was from Will, my son. Clearly he had some intentions that were not the kind one discussed at Parent-Teacher meetings.

Well, it was clear to me by this point that he would eagerly join me in my bed if I so wished. But, did I wish?

Yes. Jack was gone, I was horny, oh, so horny, especially with my son giving me compliments on my body, then giving me sexy lingerie. Yes, I was now thinking of my son as naked, naked and in my bed.

The next night we were all watching television and Amanda got up and said that she was going to bed. We had all been sitting on the sofa and as soon as Amanda was gone, Will leaned over to me, put his arms around me and kissed me.

Oh, this kiss was unlike the others. This kiss was hot, this kiss was passionate, this kiss said, "I want to fuck you." My arms went around my son as we pulled each other together and slid down onto the couch with him partly over me.

Our tongues were now shared between us and Will was rubbing his middle on me as I squirmed under him getting my pussy in place to better feel his bulge rubbing against me. He had also worked one hand between us and was squeezing my left boob as we kissed on and on.

Then, I heard it, "I love you, Mom, I love you so much."

My son had told me those words before but I knew this was different. This was sexual love.

"I love you too, Will, I do, too," and we held each other now knowing that our lives had changed. Now everything would be different.

"Will, we are going to have to be very careful with this, you know. We just can't let Amanda find out about how we feel about each other. We have to behave like we've always done, you understand?"

"Yes, I know. I know that but I do love you, Mom."

"I know, I love you too. But things have to seem the same. We need to both go to bed, we shouldn't be like this in case Amanda comes back."

So, Will and I broke off our necking and each kissed goodnight, unlike we ever had before and we each went to our separate bedrooms.

Will told me the next morning that he had masturbated four times during the night and I told him I did the same number of times.

The next few days were stressful as we tried to hold our emotions in check, then Friday came and Amanda went to a girlfriend's for a sleepover.

After I dropped her off, I drove back home and saw Will in the den watching television.

"What's on?" I asked and he replied, "Oh, some nature show," so I told him I'd be right back, I wanted to change.

I went in and undressed, then put on the bra and panties he'd given me and walked back to the den and sat down beside him.

"Oh, Mom, god, you're beautiful, so hot," and he leaned over and kissed me, swiping his tongue around his mouth as his fingers traced along the tops of my breasts.

"Here," I said, as I reached back and unhooked the bra and slid it off my arms.

"You're so beautiful, Mom, your breasts, oh, wow," he said softly as his hands took them and caressed me so lovingly. I pulled his head down as he took a nipple in his mouth, reattaching to me after almost fifteen years. Every suck warmed my pussy as my hand went down across his leg onto the bulge in his pants. I began to rub as he moaned softly.

"This is so nice, Will," I said as he looked so sweetly up at me. I was trying to work his zipper down when he moved both hands down and undid his belt and zipper to pull his pants and briefs down.

Well, there it was. All nice and long and hard, sticking straight up with a slight curve back toward me. On the end was a glint of wetness as I wiped it around the crown making him moan.

I wrapped my fingers around my son's cock for the first time to give him sexual pleasure.

Will:

I had her down to her panties. She was naked except for those little panties I'd bought her. And now they were getting her pussy juice on them, I hoped. And her boobs, man, even better than I'd hoped. Beautiful, just beautiful and now I was laying here with my head in her lap right over her pussy sucking her boob as she rubbed her hand over my dick.

She was trying to get my zipper down, so I quickly reached down and got my pants and underwear down and, yes, my mother was jacking me off, while I sucked her nipple. I was really in heaven. Yes, the stuff from Victoria's Secret was expensive but look where it got me. To heaven.

I lay there in bliss knowing that we would not be going backwards after this, this marked a new direction for my mom and me, one we would continue to explore. I was having sex with my beautiful mom, just what I'd been dreaming of, now it was happening.

She jacked me as I sucked her nipple and I was so turned-on by how far we had gotten, I almost had her naked, I was sucking her breasts while she was masturbating me, well, I was happy, very happy to have gotten that far. And she really knew how to make my dick feel good. Lots better than I can do.

Then I couldn't hold back any longer. Long arcs of cum went flying up out of the end of my dick as she giggled, "Look, look, my little boy's cumming and his mommy made him do it."

I released from her breast as she bent down to kiss me.

"Let me up, I've got to get some tissues, I'd forgotten how much a boy can cum," she said and she got up, then came back wiping my semen off her hands and arm and left leg. Then she wiped the rest off me followed by bending down and sucking my cock for just a minute.

"You ever have a girl suck you off?" she asked.

"No, but that sure felt good," I told her.

"Well, it's always good to have something to look forward to. After all your fifteenth birthday is in just a few days," she said with a wink.

She started putting on her bra as I told her, "You know I love you, Mom. That I'm in love with you."

She just stood there for what seemed like forever, then said softly, "Well, Will, I love you, too, and more than just a son," and she went off to her room and closed the door.

I didn't jack-off that night, I was too enthralled with my mom doing it for me, that seemed enough as I quickly fell into a happy, deep sleep.

The next few days were exciting, not so much for what happened, though I'll tell you about that, but more for the fact that things had changed between my mom and me.

I did get to play with her boobs a few times when Amanda wasn't around and we necked and made-out and I got a few more handjobs.

Then, mom asked me what I wanted for my birthday. She had asked me one afternoon when we were alone and I was sucking her boobs as she jacked me.

"You, Mom, I want you."

She said nothing just kept her hand moving up and down until I once again spurted my cum out. By this time, she was licking it off me and sucking up the last few drops.

Then, my birthday came around and Mom had made me my favorite cake, German chocolate, and after I had opened my presents, she whispered aside to me that I should come back to her bedroom after Amanda had gone to bed for my real present from her. I knew then that we were headed to another level in the sexual opening between us.

Nancy:

So, I told him, come to my room after Amanda's in bed, I had his special present ready for him.

I had candles lit and just a trace of perfume between my breasts and legs, places I knew he would want to explore. My hair was just right, my skin nicely smoothed by lotion, a fresh shave to welcome him to my body, I was ready as I slipped under the sheet, all naked and eager.

A slight tap at the door, then it opened and Will came in wearing a pair of navy briefs, well-tented out in the front. He came to the bed and I whispered, "Happy Birthday, Will, I hope this makes you happy," and he pulled his briefs off and slid in next to me.

"Oh, Mom, this is all I've wanted," he said as his arms encircled me and we kissed as his hands cupped my breasts. I reached down and, mmm, there it was, my son's cock, hard, ready, eager.

"Here's what I want, Mom," he said softly as he pulled the sheet aside and got over between my legs. Oh, it was what I wanted, too, as he began licking me and swiping his tongue all around in my copious wetness. I swung my legs up over his shoulders as he feasted on me, oh, it was wonderful.

"Mmm, Will, oh, Son, you make me feel so good. Oh, my pussy, mmm, oooh, yes, right there, oh, please, mmm, more, yes, ohh, so good, mmm, oh, Will, you're ... uh, UH, UNH, UNH, AYYE, AYYE, mmm, mmm, oh, that was wonderful, wonderful," I groaned as he licked and tongued me. I grabbed his shoulders and began to pull him up.

"Come fuck me, Will, I want your cock so bad," and he got up on his knees as I wrapped my fingers around his dick and led it right to my waiting slit. One hard shove and he was inside where I so wanted him. Then, he started moving back and forth.

Oh, it was my son, my very own son, fucking me with his fifteen-year old cock, making me feel so good. I hadn't been fucked since his father had left and it was glorious. He was so hard, his cock so long and slender, sliding in and out of me over and over.

"Oh, Mom, this is the best birthday ever. This is what I've been dreaming of, wanting so much. God, you are so good, so smooth inside, it's incredible. I never knew sex would feel this good."

"You've never done this before, Will, this is your first time?"

"Yeah, I guess you didn't know that, huh?"

I pulled him down to me and kissed him, swirling my tongue around inside his mouth as I clenched my vagina tight around his cock wanting him to orgasm and fill me with his first cum inside a woman. All I wanted at the moment was his first cum.

"I'm so happy that I'm your first lover, Will, I'll never, ever forget this, I hope you're happy with me, I wanted you so much." My son gave me three orgasms that first night, it was wonderful.

Every night after that, Will came to my bed and we fucked until we were exhausted. I was in love with my son and he was in love with me.

Amanda:

Well, I'm not stupid. I may be a little fourteen-year old virgin, inexperienced in the adult world of sex, but I started sensing that something was changed between my brother and our mother.

Their kisses were on the lips and tended to linger. Their hands were on each other more, it was nothing specific, just a sense. Until the day I came back home because I'd forgotten the book I was returning to the library.

As I came in the front door, I heard moaning and grunting from the back of the house. Then, "Fuck me, Son, fuck me, oh, I love your cock."

Well, what would you think? Not the television, I was sure of that, no, it was coming from the kitchen. I tiptoed back into the dining room and peeked around the corner and there was Mom, her skirt up, laying with her back on the table, her panties looped around one ankle, Will between her legs, his pants and briefs around his ankles fucking our mother as her feet were up over his shoulders.

Well, like I said, I'm a virgin, I've never been fucked, I've only gotten my boobs sucked by two boys and given a few handjobs here and there, but I knew what they were doing, how could I not?

So, I left them to their fun, got my book and went to the library. That evening, however, I went to my room right after supper and thought about what I'd seen.

It was clear that WIll and Mom were fucking. That means that she's not fucking my dad who was away on a business trip. I started thinking about my dad, how I loved him, how masculine he is, how handsome, what might happen when he got home.

As I thought about my dad, I realized that my hand was down inside my jeans and that I had a finger inside. That's when I knew.

Mom had WIll, I wanted my father.

I lay there stunned but I didn't stop fingering myself. In fact, I loosened my jeans, put another finger inside, and leaned back pulling my feet up and masturbated myself to a wonderful, hot orgasm; dreaming it was my dad fingering me.

I pulled my pants back together and went downstairs and asked Mom if I could talk to her. She looked a bit funny but said sure and we sat at the kitchen table, the one that held her just hours before as my brother fucked her.

"What is it, sweetheart?"

"Well, I don't know how to start this except that, well, I came back this afternoon and saw you laying on this table."

Her face whitened. She just sat there. Then, slowly, she said, "So, you saw Will and me?"

"I saw WIll and you."

"I just don't know what to say."

"I don't think there's much to say. It looked like it wasn't the first time. Well, I'm trying to see this in a more adult way and, well, I suppose I can see the attraction you two have for each other."

"Well, we didn't start out to have it go this far, it just did."

"I'm not blaming you, Mom, I can see how it might happen. In fact, I kind of think I want Dad the same way." There, I said it.

"Your father, you mean you and him? Like you saw Will and me, like together?"

"I don't want Dad to be alone, I do love him, he's a sexy man and, well, I'm really kind of attracted to him. Once I began thinking about him, well, I see now that if Will has taken his place in your life, I want to be in Dad's life. With him. Like you are with WIll."

She sat there, a puzzled look on her face as she must have run what I'd said back and forth through her mind.

"Do you mean, you want to like live with Dad here like I have in the past and for me to begin living with WIll?"

"I hadn't really thought it through that much, but, yeah, like that I guess."

"This is just too much to process right now, Amanda, I've got to think this through. Obviously your father has no idea something like this could even be happening, it is rather incredible."

So, we ended our talk shortly after that and didn't really get back to it for several days. In the meantime, I knew that Mom and WIll were sleeping together every night now that I knew what to look for. It was pretty obvious.

Mom came into my room a few nights later.

"I wanted to talk with you about what you said about Will and me and about you and Dad. I've been thinking about it."

"Sure, I guess I have too."

"Well, do you really think you want Dad as your lover? You've never had sex, right?"

"Right. And I really think I want my dad to be my first. My lover. Wow, I hadn't thought about that word for it, my lover. Yeah, I can't tell you how hot that makes me feel thinking about my dad as my lover. My sexual lover."

"Well, I've thought a lot about it. I love your dad, that hasn't changed. But I also love Will in a way that isn't the usual way for a mother to love her son. And, I would love it to be out in the open. At least here at home. Do you think you want your father the same way. You two living together here in the house, sharing the same bed?"

"Mom, this is making me so wet, it's incredible. Yes, yes, I want my father in my bed, I want him for my lover, I want him to fuck me like WIll fucks you. I want it."

"Yes, I see. Well, I have little doubt that your father would want you. You're really beautiful, just a stunning young woman. Let me think about it. I promise you I'll try to think of something. And, in the meantime, until your father gets home, I would like for WIll to sleep with me now that you know. Would that be all right with you?"

"Mom, if you want WIll, I've really thought about it and, well, it's fine with me. I do love you, Mom, and Will, and if this makes you happy and you think Dad will want me, then, yes, that's what I want."

So that's when Will really became Mom's lover, openly, at least as far as I was concerned. He began sleeping with her every night and they now kissed and hugged each other openly in front of me and I quickly became quite at ease with it. Quite amazing, really.

Nancy:

Now, it was out in the open as far as Amanda was concerned so there was no more sneaking around trying to keep things hidden. We openly went to bed together every night and came out of my room every morning, there was no more hiding it.

It was quite a relief, in a way, and now I had a super-horny young man in my bed every night and waking me up every morning with his steel-hard cock ready for whatever I would offer. I have never, ever had so much sex. I didn't work, I was a stay-at-home mom, now a stay-at-home lover to my son, who wanted sex all day and night, it being summer and he was home all day.

Well, if you're a horny woman, listen to this. He would wake me with a fuck every morning, then breakfast, then a shower when he usually fucked me in the stall under the running water. Another fuck after lunch, I would generally give him a blowjob sometime in the afternoon and some titty-play time before I started supper.

Then after supper and after the dishes were put in the dishwasher, we usually retired to my room for a fuck, then necking, petting, making out, maybe a nice tonguing from him, and, finally another fuck before the lights went out. If I counted it right, there were usually five times each day when we had intercourse, yes, I was sore for a while.

But, my son's cock just never got soft. Not ever. I've told you that I was hornier at my age than at any age before. Well, I had just the right man for the job, my fifteen-year old son. I loved it, he loved it.

I did give a lot of thought to what Amanda had said about her wanting to be with Jack, her father.

Well, Jack and I had been together for a long time, we did love each other but, the lure of a handsome and young lover certainly tempted me away. I had little doubt that my daughter would be able to tempt her father just as easily. I've seen her in a bikini and, well, there's no forty-year old guy who would resist her charms for long.

But, how?

It was certain that Will would have to move back to his bedroom before his father got home. I was talking with Jack several times each week along with emails and such, he was due back in just a few weeks.

Then he told me one night that he had to take a trip to Las Vegas for a conference meeting two weeks after he got back home and that he wanted me to go with him so we could have some nice time together by ourselves. I quickly agreed, of course, it would be a nice get-away.

Things did change after Will and I knew Amanda was on to what we were doing. We didn't go around naked in the house like we would have preferred but we did dress more provocatively, Will, often just in his briefs, usually poked out in front and me in a nighty or teeshirt and panties.

Now, if my daughter wasn't in the room, well, Will's hands would be up under my shirt or my hand would be in his briefs holding my favorite new toy.

So, having Amanda knowing what we were doing was a definite help. But, how to get her wish that she take her father as her lover. Then it hit me ... Las Vegas. The conference in Las Vegas. I could maybe get out of going, suggest that he take his daughter, she's got the summer off, it would be a nice bonding experience, I could tell him.

Yes, I would tell Amanda that she would have the ideal opportunity to seduce her father. It would be up to her once they were there but I knew my sexy, daughter could attract any man alive, including the one who helped bring her to life.

So, I told her about my plan and she was really excited.

Amanda:

I felt like I was living in a crazy house for a while. Everything was turned upside down. Mom had the hots for my brother, I had the hots for Dad, who wasn't even there. It was crazy.

After Mom told me about their new relationship, there was a difference in things around the house. Mom and WIll kissed in front of me, on the lips, the whole works, even catching them feeling each other up every once in a while. And, they were openly sleeping together in Mom and Dad's room. They weren't trying to keep the noise down when they had sex now, either. I heard them every night and I'd lay there, my legs open, my fingers fucking me, dreaming of my Dad doing it.

It took a lot of courage for me to tell my mother that I wanted to have sex with her husband, for, after all, that what I wanted. And, she seemed okay with it. Now, I was really excited. I knew I wanted my Dad and now thought that it might really happen.

Then, she came to me with her idea about Las Vegas. God, I masturbated three times that night I was so excited. So, it might all really happen. She also gave me a sex book, one full of techniques and positions. I read it every night as I masturbated myself to sleep hearing my mom and brother down the hall greatly enjoying themselves. Every picture of the couple fucking in a new position had me dreaming of how my dad would fuck me. And soon.

All I had to do now, was the hardest part, wait. That really was the most difficult part of the whole thing. Knowing that Mom and WIll were fucking away every night in each other's arms while I was in bed alone, the man I wanted, thousands of miles away.

But, finally, Dad came back. The day before, Will got everything out of my parent's bedroom and began wearing pants or shorts around the house. That was when I decided to wear less, especially after Dad was home.

I would sometimes come downstairs in bra and panties, in a rush, looking for something, trying to appear distracted, making sure Dad saw me.

Then, two days before my Mom and Dad were set to go to Las Vegas, Mom went to bed right before Dad got home from work. I wasn't there but she told him that she'd really hurt her back and it was as bad as she's ever hurt it. Any way, she explained that she just couldn't stand the cramped airplane seats and begged off the trip to Vegas, suggesting that he take me instead.

Mom had told me that she what she was going to do, so I knew she was going to send him down to my room to see if I wanted to go in her place.

I was ready. I had on a cutoff teeshirt and a skimpy thong panty that, earlier, Mom had said no man could possibly resist.

He knocked and I told him to come in.

Jack:

Finally, I was back from that long, exhausting trip overseas. I had a great fuck with Nancy, then fourteen hours of sleep. It was good to be back home, especially to eat a home-cooked meal.

I knew that it was only a short respite until Nancy and I were off to Vegas for four days but, after I'd been gone so long, it would be nice to have some time together.

We had both begun setting aside our wardrobe for the upcoming trip and Nancy seemed excited to go.

Then, two days before, I came home and she was in bed, in a great deal of pain, her back acting up again even worse than the times before. She's always had back problems and, short of surgery, which she doesn't particularly want and I don't blame her on that, there's not much but bed rest to get her over it. So, while I still had to go on the trip, Nancy was out, flat on her back.

I was going to call and cancel her tickets when she suggested I take Amanda, she'd never been to Vegas and it would be a nice father-daughter bonding experience.

Sounded fine with me and she sent me down the hall to see if Amanda was interested.

I knocked and heard her ask me in, opened the door and there she was at her computer, typing something in.

"Hi, Dad, what's up?" she asked as she turned toward me.

"Well, looks like Mom isn't going to Vegas, she wondered if you might want to go in her place?"

"Me. oh, wow, to Vegas, bright lights, all that?"

"Yeah, sweeheart, you and me, in Vegas. What do you think?"

She stood up and jumped into my arms and kissed me. Kissed me hard.

"Oh, thank you, Daddy, thank you, we'll have such a good time."

"Well, remember, I'm there for a conference but I'll have plenty of time for us to have fun and you can use the pool and spa, it's quite a layout."

"Oh, Daddy, we'll have such a great time, you won't regret it. I know your disappointed about Mom but I'll make sure we have a great time."

I was still holding her, now quite aware that there was no bra under my hands on her back. So, when we did part, I got a better look at my daughter, now fourteen, her nipples so prominent under the sheer cotton fabric. She was becoming a beautiful young woman.

"Well, I've got to get these tickets changed but, well, I'll just leave the hotel and Mr. and Mrs." And, with that, I went off to call the travel booking service.

Amanda:

I knew he was looking at my boobs that night he came in to see if I wanted to go with him to Las Vegas. I made sure to give my dad a few little flashes here and there before we left on our trip together.

The trip itself was pretty uneventful but when we got to the hotel and I saw the Mr. and Mrs. on the registration, my pussy got so wet. I knew it didn't really mean anything but it felt sexy anyway.

So, we got settled in our room, it was a king-sized bed room but Dad said there was also fold-out sofa, little did he know my plans for our sleeping arrangement.

I was also now on the pill, Mom had taken me to our doctor to get me ready to seduce my father. Yes, I was excited ... and ready.

When we got to the hotel, we went up to our room and unpacked our things. Dad said he'd take the fold-out sofa and let me have the king-sized bed but I told him that there was plenty of room on the bed that it was almost like separate beds. I wasn't quite ready to spring my trap yet.

He went down to register for the conference and I got ready for dinner, we were going out to a Thai restaurant close-by, he knew I loved Thai food. At Mom's suggestion, I dabbed a trace of perfume between my thighs, already eagerly anticipating my seduction of my father.

After dinner, we were back in the room and Dad had the television on as I went in the bathroom to change for bed. I had a new black lacy peignoir set that Mom and I had picked out for the first night knowing that I would be sleeping naked soon after Dad first saw it.

I swallowed hard, opened the door and came back in the room and stood in front of my father.

"I bought this just for our trip to Las Vegas, Dad, what do you think?"

I could already see what his cock thought, it was mightily trying to burst out of his pants.

"Goodness, Amanda, my little baby looks all grown up. And so sexy. Maybe I should find something more appropriate for us to watch," as he took the remote and found an adult channel.

I sat right next to him as we began watching some movie or other that had quite a few young girls in it. I could see that he was checking me out next to him, not sure if he should make any kind of move or not, just watching the girls on the screen and taking little peeks at the one next to him.

"I'm not sure about the plot of this movie but the girls in it are really beautiful, aren't they, Dad?"

"Honey, they're nothing compared to the beautiful girl I've got right next to me."

"Oh, that's sweet, Dad," I said and leaned over to kiss him.

As soon as our lips met, I knew than that I would soon have my father as my lover. He pressed his lips to mine as I felt his tongue slip between my lips as I opened my teeth to let him into my body for the first time.

We turned to each other as I felt his hand slip up under my nightie onto my bare breast sending shivers right to my pussy. I put my hand on the big bulge in his pants and rubbed back and forth. Oh, it felt really big, bigger than I was expecting.

"Oh, Amanda, god, you look so hot in your little nightie and you feel wonderful," he said as his hand fondled me. I reached down and pulled the lacy top off and turned to him to see.

"Oh, my baby is so hot, so grown-up, look at you," and he bent down and took a nipple in his mouth, the first lips ever on my breasts. Oh, every suck was wonderful. His lips sucked but his hand was moving along my thigh as I opened for him, already wet, eager for more.

I stopped breathing when his fingers slid along the wet slit between my legs. Then, a gasp when his finger went inside, my father, entering me for the first time. It was his finger but I knew then his cock was sure to follow into me.

"Mmm, Dad, this feels so nice," I murmured.

Jack:

I don't believe a father of a teenaged girl really can't say that he's never noticed his daughter in a sexual way. I really don't think it's possible not to. They are just so fresh and hot as their bodies begin to develop and they begin to find their sexual personalities.

So, sure, I'd seen Amanda before, maybe in her underwear or nightie or bikini, sure, she's a beautiful, developing young woman. But, like most fathers, I'd quickly turned the page, so to speak, and went on to other things.

But lately, since I got back, actually, I've begun to feel differently about my daughter. She seems sexier, more mature, more developed. And, well, maybe I've been noticing her more, even caught a few glimpses of her topless or braless around the house.

And, now this, sitting in a hotel room in Las Vegas, sucking Amanda's nipple as I fingered her pussy while she moaned, well, that changed everything. And we' were to be here for four wonderful days. This was quickly headed to the bed and fucking, there's no other outcome.

I couldn't believe how this had all worked out, how Nancy had hurt her back and suggested that I take our daughter with me and now look what we're doing.

"Mmm, Daddy, I want you to take off your clothes so we can go to bed," she murmured and I pulled off her nipple, took my finger out, stood up and began taking off my clothes as she sat there watching.

As I pulled down my pants and stepped out of them, I hesitated for a second, then lowered my boxers and stood there, my cock feeling like a teenager's.

"Oh, wow, Dad, it's really big," she said as she reached out and touched the tip which made it jump in anticipation of what was to come.

Her fingers wrapped around it as she lovingly looked up at me, leaned forward and slid her wet lips over the end of my cock. I reached down to fondle her gorgeous, firm breasts as she sucked me. Oh, we were headed for fucking, for sure. And what man wouldn't want to shove his cock into her superb, young body.

Maybe sucking a man's cock comes naturally or, maybe, my girl has been sucking boys she knew, but wherever her skill was coming from, it was wonderful.

Then, she pulled away and said, softly, "Daddy, let's go to bed, I really want you, want you so much," and she stood up and took my hand to lead me to the bed as she swept away the covers and lay down, her legs wide, welcoming me to her body.

"Come, Daddy, I love you and I want to be your lover. I'm on the pill so it's okay, come make love to me."

Well, I was just about to ask her about birth control, knowing that I was sure I could get condoms here in the hotel somewhere, after all, it's Las Vegas.

But, I made an important detour before I was to fuck her, I got up between her legs and got down to begin licking and tonguing my daughter's beautiful, plump virgin pussy.

manda:

I took my father to bed where I wanted us to be, to be together in the most intimate way a man and a woman can be, linked as one with his cock inside my vagina, together for this first time but just the beginning of many, many times ahead.

I lay down, wanting his cock inside as I spread wide open for him. Then as he crawled up between my legs, his head ducked down and the most intense erotic feeling of my life spread outward as his tongue began caressing me.

"Omigod, Daddy, oh, it feels so wonderful, oh, yes, I love you, oh, my pussy, you make it feel so good, oh, oh," I cried as he licked and tongued. Then, I felt his fingers work my pussy lips open as he drove his tongue up inside me and circled it around and around.

"Daddy, Daddy, OH, OH, UH, UH, UNH, UNH, uh, mmm, mmm, oh, oh, mmm, so good, daddy, you make me feel so good," I groaned as I encircled his head with my legs and drew him tight into my pussy to keep him there forever, just forever. He was still wiggling his tongue inside me, oh, it felt so good but now I was wanting more, I wanted something much longer and bigger than his tongue.

"Mmm, Daddy, I want you now, come fuck me Daddy, come fuck your little girl," I pleaded as he raised up and I saw his large cock again, now glistening on the tip end, ready to couple with his daughter for the first time.

He knelt there in front of me, all ready for his lovemaking, as he took his penis and rubbed the end up and down in the wetness of my pussy slit. It felt so good. I've masturbated many times, of course, with my wet fingers but, oh, this was so better.

"Mmm, Daddy, you feel so good against me, mmm."

Then he started pushing. Nothing really happened except to feel some pressure against me. Then, suddenly, without warning, the head of his dick popped into me and he just held it there.

"You okay, princess?"

"Mmm, yes, you're inside, right? It feels tight."

He looked down and nodded, then I felt him push again.

It kind of hurt, not a sharp pain, more a discomfort as he pressed further. I felt really full, stretched. Then, he pulled back some. Oh, that felt nice. That started his going in and out in just small strokes, maybe two inches or so, just back and forth.

"Hows, that, honey?"

"It feels good, Daddy, really good."

His movements were longer now, soon almost the entire length of him was going in and out. It felt so smooth and good.

"Oh, yes, Daddy, now I know how good it feels. Mmm, I love us together like this. Do I feel good to you?"

"Honey, you feel wonderful. So, nice and tight, your pussy is delightful. Oh, and your boobs, well, they're so beautiful, I could just look at you like this forever."

"You mean naked and under you while you fuck me, Daddy?" I asked him saucily.

"Oh, exactly that, sweetheart, you make me so happy."

"I've so wanted this, Daddy, now we can be together, I can be your girlfriend."

"Yes, while we're here in Vegas, you'll be my girlfriend, you and me."

I almost started to tell him what had been going on at home but decided to wait until I knew he couldn't live without me in his bed. That's what I wanted and that's what I set out to gain.

Nancy:

I have never had so much sex in my whole life. As soon as Jack and Amanda were off to the airport, Will and I were naked and in each other's arms. We were so hungry for each other by then that we just raced to my bedroom and fucked hard and fast right away, no warm-up, no nothing, we just wanted to fuck. Three times, yes, it's wonderful having a fifteen-year old lover.

What I found out about Will's sexual ability was that after he had several ejaculations, he would just stay hard and be able to fuck on and on without ever getting soft. I did have teenaged boyfriends back in the day but we were never together often enough sexually to get to that point where their erections lasted even after several cums. But, Will, oh, my, he was hard always.

And during the time Jack and Amanda were away, I was all over my son for sex. Not that he's shy, oh, no, after we became comfortable with each other and that he knew I would always be ready for sex when he was, he never held back, what was the case now was that we were both in a sexual frenzy for each other and just never had our hands off each other.

Not only was our sex frequent, it was getting better all the time. Will was a good student, both in school and in the bedroom. He payed attention to what made me feel good and I often coached him on how to get the most from the female body and he was getting to be a wonderful lover.

Amanda had called me the second day to tell me that she and Jack were now lovers and that she planned on telling him what the situation was like at home, that WIll and I were lovers and that I agreed that he and Amanda could sleep together once they returned home. She said that she thought she'd tell her father that after he had come back to the room after some conferences he was attending. Right after they had sex again.

So, things were progressing and I was close to moving my son permanently into my room as my lover. I told Will about it and he was excited and showed me just how excited right there on the kitchen counter.

We were having sex all over the house now, he seemed to really like the idea of us enjoying each other's bodies everywhere we could and I was happy to indulge him. Being naked with each other all the time was keeping Will tagging right along with me no matter what I was doing, he was right there.

I had told Will that it was looking more like we were going to be able to be together, out in the open, at least at home. I told him Amanda had called when Dad was out of the room to tell me that they were having sex and he was really wanting her.

The news energized my son which, of course, in a fifteen-year old male, concentrated right in his penis as expected. Which, of course, we took care of that evening. One good thing in all this was that were were now watching almost no television, there were so many better things to do, like each other.

Jack:

I was sent to Las Vegas because it was a business conference but, really, every session I attended was spent with me dreaming back to the hours before in bed with my beautiful naked daughter having such enthusiastic sex. Oh, yes, she was enthusiastic. My daughter was discovering sex, real adult sex, for the first time and she was a vigorous bedmate.

She had this book of sexual positions that she was having us try. That morning, before breakfast, she had me on the bed, my head propped on pillows, my knees up with her sitting on me, her back along my thighs facing me, her feet under my shoulders, pushing up and back with my dick in her; that was a new one to me, I've had sex in many ways but never that one before.

Not just that, there were hundreds more and she told me she planned on us trying them all. Oh, I love her.

Then, that night, after we had eaten our room service dinner, we just didn't want to waste time getting dressed and going to one of the hotel restaurants downstairs, and had another wonderful fuck, we were laying in each other's arms when my daughter said, "Wouldn't it be nice if we could be like this when we get home?"

"Oh, it would be a dream, honey. But, well, we just can't let your Mom find out about us. You know that. Maybe we can be together once in a while, we'll just have to see."

"Yeah, but what if we could? Would you want me, Daddy? Just say Mom was okay with it, then would you? Would you want to be with me?"

"Well, honey, it's hypothetical, but, sure, if Mom didn't care, oh, honey, I'd want this all the time. I love us sleeping naked together."

"Maybe we should set Mom up with Will, that way we'd all just switch around. That would be nice."

"Oh, baby, that would be perfect, just perfect. Then, sure, we could be together, just you and me. Will and Mom, huh? What an idea."

"It is an idea, what if Mom and Will wanted to be together and we did with each other?"

"Honey, I'd jump at that in a minute. I mean, I love your mother but there are people who live in open marriages where they have a sexual relationship with someone else, sometimes even many people, and they both are accepting of the fact. It does happen."

"And you would do that if Mom agreed?"

"Oh, in a minute, in a minute."

"Well, Daddy, you're gonna get your wish. I happen to know that Mom is perfectly okay with you and me having sex, she's told me that."

"Now, come on, Amanda, don't let your imagination run away with you."

"I mean it. I told her I loved you and she made up the whole thing about her back hurting just so I could come to Vegas with you. She knows all about us having sex while we're here."

I felt the blood drain from my face when Amanda told me my wife knew we were having sex.

"Now just why would she be okay with that?"

"There's a good reason, Daddy. She's been having sex with Will."

Honestly, two feelings hit me right then. My wife was cheating on me and now I could be with my beautiful daughter.

"Will? She's having sex with Will?"

"Yes, for a little while. I found out about it and told Mom that I wanted to be with you. So, you and I can be together as lovers, Daddy. We've even talked about how Mom and Will can live in the master bedroom and you and I can live in my bedroom. We can buy a bigger bed when we get home."

My head was spinning. Is it a dream I'm in, surely not?

"Mom is waiting for me to tell you all this, so are you ready to talk to her? She knows I'm telling you all this tonight. I hope this is what you want."

"Well, it's a lot to process but, yeah, well, this really changes things, doesn't it?"

"If you are good with it, Daddy, we can call Mom and tell her. I've told you everything I know. Wanna call Mom now and let her know?"

I nodded as she punched in our home number.

"Hi, Mom. Well, we did it, we've had sex and I've explained everything to Dad," she spurt out as my stomach flipped over. There's no turning back now.

Nancy:

My phone rang and it was Amanda calling from Las Vegas.

"Hi, Mom. Well, we did it, we've had sex and I've explained everything to Dad," I heard her say.

"So he's good with everything, me and Will, you and him?" I asked.

"Here talk to him yourself."

"Hi, Nan, well, Amanda has told me quite a story about things at home. I guess we're in for some changes, huh?"

"Well, things just kind of happened as they will. You're finding that out, I guess. Our children seem to have minds of their own."

"They sure do, that's for sure. Well, so it looks like we might switch bedrooms, Will go in with you, me in with Amanda?"

Jack and I discussed our changing situation as I sat on my bed, legs open while my son licked and tongued me, rather distracting but I was not about to stop him. It seemed that Jack wasn't upset, he told me he thought if we were happy this new way, then that was good. So, we talked a bit more, wished each other a fun time and hung up.

Will looked up, his handsome face all wet with my pussy juices, happily smiling up at me as he said, "Well, looks like we can be together, huh, Mom?"

"Yes, it does. He said we could begin moving your things into my room, well, our room, now, Will. We could start that right now if you want."

He stood up, his hard cock wavering right in front of me and said, "No, Mom, I want to celebrate our new life together, you and me, let's get up on the bed, okay?"

I moved up to the middle of the bed and spread open for him as he slowly inserted himself into me.

"Mmm, that's what I want. And now we can be together, you and me, Mom," and he slowly began going back and forth.

Well, we did get Will's things moved into the master suite and Jack's things into Amanda's room. All this and fucking just as much as Will wanted which, of course, was a lot, and just as much as I wanted, which was even more. While our sex wasn't exactly non-stop, it was close.

Jack:

It was a great relief that Nancy and I had come to an easy agreement about what we both wanted for our future. My hunger for my daughter never abated, it only grew as did her's for me. She was an eager learner and absorbed everything I showed her and everything in the book she had. I learned that Nancy had given it to her to spur her on in our sex together and to give her lots and lots of ideas for our future lovemaking. Oh, she sure had those. I've never been more tired or more happy.

And, Nancy had made it so easy for us with the book, putting Amanda on the pill, getting us to Las Vegas together, she was just great. Of course, she wanted to be with WIll, that's understandable, now it looks as though we're all happy.

But, too soon, really, our paradise in Las Vegas was over and we headed home to our new life together.

The very next day, Amanda and I went out and bought a new king-sized bed for us, her bed was a double bed which was cozy but in the spirit of things, we almost fell overboard a few times. There's nothing like sex with an exuberant fourteen-year old girl full of hormones.

It was taking some getting used to, Nancy with Will, me with Amanda, the way we now sat in pairs watching television, some necking and making out before one or the other couple would retreat to their room for some spirited lovemaking. It was all new and different. But, oh, so exciting.

Amanda:

Our sex was wonderful. Ever since I felt my father's hard cock slip through my pussy's lips, entering me for the first time, well, it has been better and better each time. We are now almost half way through the positions shown in the book and that's been really wild. Some of them took a great deal of imagination for the originators to dream up but it sure has been fun.

My secret, that I was having sex with my own father, was held deep inside me. There were boys at school who asked me out and, of course, I never accepted. Most of my friends were dating but, of course, I knew I was having far more sex than any of them could even dream of. But, it was my secret, there was no way to ever talk about it.

That was until I borrowed a book from a new friend, Gloria, who had moved here from Rhode Island a few months before. We were fairly good friends and when I got the book home after school, I went up to read and as I opened the book, a sheet of folded paper fell out.

I opened it and read,

"My dearest daughter, I've never known such happiness since that first time when you came in and got in bed with me. I've watched you become such a sexy young woman but just never dared to take it any further.

I'm so glad you did, Gloria, after the first time we had sex that morning, I knew I was your's forever. It has only gotten better ever since.

I just wanted you to know that I love you very much and yearn to enter your body as soon as we're together again. I'll see you on Thursday, dearest.

Love, Dad"

The final sentence was blurred by the tears welling in my eyes. My new friend, she. too, was deeply in love with her father.

I took the note, now carefully refolded, back to school the next day and, during a break, silently handed it to her. She opened it, then gasped, "Omigod, did you read this?"

"It's all right, I love my Dad in the same way you love yours. It's our secret, Gloria, your's and mine."

"You mean, like sex and everything?"

"Yes, with sex and everything."

So, we both ended up having lunch at a table off in the corner of the cafeteria where we each told each other about our love of our fathers. Gloria's affair with her Dad began two years earlier, her parents had gotten divorced and she was living with her dad when she just decided that she wanted him, she wanted him as a boyfriend, as a lover.

Then, she dropped the real bombshell..."You know, there's another girl in our class who's in love with her father and sleeps with him ... Megan McCormick."

"Megan, she's my best friend, god, really? I mean, I know her parents just got divorced and all."

"Yeah, her dad wanted to be with her so he divorced her mom. Now, they're together."

"Geez, I never knew. I think I'll tell her about my dad and me, we three should form a club."

When I said that, I was kidding, of course. But, I did tell Megan about my dad and me and she told me about her and her dad. Seems they fell in love and he decided to divorce her mom and then she would stay with him. So, she does have a bedroom at home that she never sleeps in, she's in with her dad, like I now was with mine.

So, now, the three of us often have lunch together, other kids think we're lesbians since we do sit together and none of us is particularly interested in dating and boys. But, we all three know we're having lots more sex than any one else in the school. Probably including the teachers. We refer to ourselves at the D-F Club since we're all daddy-fuckers and they're daughter-fuckers.

So, that's how it all began. It's been quite an adventure, certainly not the normal thing in most families, but we're sure all happy about it. It's been quite a family mix-up.
