Home « Russell Hoisington's Page « G'Night Pixie (the Original Story Concept) Index - Settings
Chapter 1: Storm
Posted: August 04, 2009 - 04:34:02 pm

Doug Bryant waited in the humid, salty air of the rocking boat's narrow passageway while Mary kissed their thirteen-year-old daughter good night. When Mary slipped out of the boat's tiny cabin, he entered, brushed back Alyson's sun-bleached brunette bangs, and planted a gentle kiss on her forehead. "G'night, Pixie," he said as he ran the side of his index finger down the line of her square jaw. He'd said good night that way since she'd come home from the hospital eleven weeks after her premature birth.

Alyson grinned, causing her round apple cheeks to push her narrow eyes into thin slits, then puckered her lips and made two soft grunting noises. He pressed his lips firmly to hers, and for four seconds they softly hummed together, "Mmmmmmmm" and broke apart with a loud, "MAH!" She giggled, and he pointed at her hair. "Tomorrow," he said, shaking the finger at her, "you have your mother trim your bangs. It's too hot here, and you'll get a heat rash on your forehead again."

"Yes, Doctor Daddy," she said, and then giggled at his stern face until he broke into a broad grin. "I love you. G'night."

"I love you too, Pixie. Good night." His hand reached for the light switch beside the door, and he took in one last sight as she turned to lie on her side atop the sheets in the warm, heavy air. She absently scratched below the conical swelling of her tanned left breast, drawing Doug's attention to the fact that his Pixie was growing up all too soon. The heart-shaped brown thatch around her deep young slit was further evidence.

He closed the cabin door and turned to Mary. She saw the look in his eye. "What's wrong?"

"Hmmm?" Doug seemed to return from elsewhere. "Oh." He answered in a soft voice to keep Alyson from hearing. "I was just wondering how much longer I'd be telling her good night that way. She's growing up, Mare. Growing up too damned fast. She'll be your height by next summer. Any day now she'll decide she's too old for 'G'night, Pixie, ' and my world will change forever."

Mary wrapped her arms around him and squeezed her naked body to his. They had grown up in a California commune where their parents never bothered with clothing unless it was necessary, and the habit stuck. Neither liked being clothed, and they undressed at the first opportunity. Alyson had inherited that habit from them.

"Such mortality in one so young," she said with mocking wide eyes and a voice to match. "But how many times has your life changed forever?"

He looked deep into those eyes and smiled. "Well, the second time was when Alyson was born. I was seven the first time it happened." That was when he first noticed the six-year-old beauty who was to become his wife. They were best friends in less than a week and inseparable lifetime soulmates by the end of the year. They experimented with sexual touching when he was nine and first tried oral sex at ten, but they didn't have intercourse until he was almost thirteen, despite the fact that none of the adults cared about what sexual contacts the children had among themselves.

After that they had entertained numerous partners. Most of the other children in the commune who were near their ages had been their sexual partners at least once, as well as several of the parents, and they now belonged to a small swinging club in their suburban neighborhood. But there was a difference between sport fucking and loving. Doug and Mary deeply, truly, eternally loved each other.

"Come on," he said, pushing her toward the steps up to the boat's main deck. "Let's do it under the stars again."

She grabbed his dick and pulled him along. "You talked me into it, Mister Smoothie, even if the stars are hidden behind the clouds."

Alyson understood the quiet words. She couldn't imagine a time she'd ever be too old for "G'night, Pixie," not even if she were an ancient sixty and her father were an incomprehensible ninety. She swore right then and there that she would never be the one to abandon the ritual.

And then she heard that they were going to have sex--they were going to "fuck"--on the upper deck again. She squirmed as an ache of longing appeared right there in the front of her slit. Alyson slid her finger between her fuzzy outer lips and toyed with her clit for a minute. It swelled into a hard little knot as she gently stroked it with her fingertip.

She had masturbated for years, and her parents knew it. She never masturbated in their presence, but she knew they were aware that she did it every night and that it was why she sometimes went to her room in the middle of the day and closed the door. They never disturbed her when she was "Tickling the Twat," as her neighbor, Timmy Corel, once called it. Timmy was the one who showed her how boys "Pulled the Pole." Alyson and Timmy had subsequently watched each other masturbate on several occasions, but she had never let him touch her, nor had she touched him. Touching was, regrettably, impossible for her.

When she decided she'd waited long enough she slipped out of her bunk, quietly opened the door, and eased down the hallway and up the steps until she could just see along the surface of the deck toward the stern.

The moon and stars were hidden by a heavy, roiling overcast. To the west, distant flashes of lightning backlit the tropical island looming nearby. Her dad had pulled into this broad sheltered cove when he heard the storm warning. Even though the storm would pass north of them the waves would be heavy, and he didn't want them to be caught out in open water.

Although there was no natural light, except for the tiny amount the distant lightning provided, there was enough light from the rest of the boat for Alyson to see Mom lying on an air cushion, legs raised and wrapped around Daddy's waist. He was resting on his lower legs and hands. This time it was too dark for Alyson to see the hard spear of his cock slowly sliding in and out of Mom's trimmed brown bush, but she could picture it from the other times she had peeked at them.

For a moment Alyson combed her own brown curls with her fingers and wondered if she'd have a bush like Mom's when she was older. Mom's was a wide triangle, while hers was almost an equilateral one. But instead of being a straight line across the top, like Mom's, hers dipped downward slightly in the middle. That dip, plus the line where the growth stopped just short of the junction of her firm outer lips with her thighs, made her bush look like a heart. Some of the girls in her PE class last year had accused her of shaving it to get the heart shape. Two had called it a "merkin," but wouldn't tell her what that meant. She'd had to ask Timmy, who wouldn't tell her until she first masturbated for him.

Alyson shoved a finger into her slit, back where her brown curls thinned to nothing, and into the wetness at the mouth of her virginal vagina. She dragged the lubricating juices to her hard, aching clit and began masturbating with serious determination. She watched her father's tanned butt lift and drop, lift and drop, sending his sun-browned shaft up into her mother's lower body over and over, his balls making wet slapping sounds that Alyson knew were there, but couldn't hear tonight because of the whistles and moans of wind and the slapping of waves against the boat.

They were talking in low voices. She was amazed about the number of different things they talked about while doing it. The subjects ranged from menus to Alyson's school grades to paying bills to what they were doing, the latter occasionally using exotic words or phrases Alyson hadn't previously heard and that left her wanting to know what her mother was feeling more than ever.

She stopped rubbing long enough to join her middle and ring fingers and slip them into her hot, tight, wet tunnel. For almost a minute she slammed them into and out of herself in time with her father's rhythm, then withdrew them to attack her clit with renewed ferocity. It must feel like that, only better. She couldn't imagine how good it must feel to have that long, hard pole of her father's sliding through her young pussy. She'd had several objects in it that were similar in general size and shape. Her favorite was an empty toothpaste cylinder that she kept in her room. But it just didn't feel like Daddy's cock.

Alyson knew what that big, hard, wonderful thing felt like. Well, she knew what it felt like to touch, but not what it felt like in her cunny, where it really counted. When he was really, really tired he snored. Not very loud, but he snored. When he was snoring, you almost needed firecrackers to wake him up. A few of those times she'd been alone with him, and his cock had grown hard in his sleep. Softly, gently, she'd touched it, amazed that it was as firm as the toothpaste cylinder, but on the outside it was soft and velvety and oh-so-nicely warm.

The third time it happened, she wrapped her hand around it and stroked it a couple of times, trying to imagine the sensation it would produce inside her pussy instead of her hand. She became hornier than she had ever been before in her life, and her other hand shot between her legs, as unstoppable as an erupting volcano. A volcano was what that hand found when she pushed her lips apart with her index and ring finger, dipped the middle one into her hole to wet it, and found hot lava. She dragged the liquid forward to her clit and came on the third rub. She didn't wake her father, but she disturbed him enough that he turned over. She went back to her room and masturbated for three hours, cumming over and over again as each release left her wanting more.

The last time she'd held it was a couple of months ago. Mom had gone with Uncle Peter to settle things after Grandpa had gone to sleep while driving Grandma down the Big Sur coast. After Mom had been gone a week, Daddy spent all day working in the yard, putting in landscaping timbers and big rocks and making a really nice flower garden in the back corner to surprise Mom when she returned. He had worn himself out that day. It was the first time Alyson had ever seen her father exhausted. She had heard Mom talking about Daddy's endurance with other women. Of course, Mom was talking about endurance while they were doing it, but Alyson also knew that while her father wasn't stronger than most men his size, he could outwork everyone she knew.

But this one evening he was so tired that he fell asleep on the couch with his back to her, and she couldn't wake him for supper. When she shook his shoulder, he turned onto his back, kept on snoring, and grew a boner. Just like that, right in front of her eyes! She'd seen it happen before, when Mom played with it, but always at a distance. This time it was at arm's-length when it began growing wider and longer than its normal couple of inches, then moved from lying on his leg to atop his tummy, where it pointed toward his head. It kept growing wider and longer still until it was over six inches long, and the head poked out of the skin covering it, the way she was used to seeing his boner.

She just stood there and fingered herself for a couple of minutes, letting him get back to deep sleep. When she could stand it no longer, she gently picked it up and stroked it. Unable to control herself, she finally kissed it and then licked it just below the head, the way she'd seen Mom do it. It swelled, and she grew hornier. Still stroking his stick, she was trying to decide whether to risk trying to get her mouth around it when he suddenly came in his sleep. It was the most amazing thing she'd ever seen. Somehow she kept from finger-banging herself to orgasm on the spot and, instead, scooped up his hot, thick cum in her left hand and ran to her room with her pearly white treasure.

Lying on her bed she deposited her cooling liquid treasure on her chest, between and below the rise of her tender young breasts. The aroma was--different. But it was making her little clit demand attention in no uncertain terms. But first she was going to answer a question that had been haunting her since the first time she saw Mom give Daddy head: what did it taste like? Using her left hand to keep it from flowing away, she scooped some up with her right index finger and brought it to her mouth. She opened her mouth, planning to first taste it with just the tip of her tongue. Instead, she suddenly plunged her finger into her mouth and stripped it clean with her lips, fantasizing sucking it off of her father's cock.

Two things happened: first she decided she liked it, and second her clit exploded with demands that could no longer be ignored. She wet her fingertip in the cum and used it for lubrication, massaging it into her clit. She came immediately, her body jerking with such intensity that she almost lost her pool. She began alternating between a tiny taste of cum and a tiny drop rubbed into her clit. When she ran out of her liquid treasure it was almost midnight and she was so exhausted she thought she couldn't cum again for a month.

Satisfied as she was, she was still nagged by one burning question: What does it really feel like to have that thing sliding in and out of you? Timmy would be more than eager to show her what it felt like, but she couldn't let him. Both Crystal Ross and Harmony Sturm had told her how excruciatingly painful first intercourse was, and as everybody knew, Alyson couldn't stand pain. Oh, sure, they'd told her that it was wonderful and dreamy from the second time on. But Alyson couldn't bring herself to voluntarily submit to that first time agony. That was why she wouldn't even let Timmy touch her. He would want more, but she could never go all the way with him. She didn't want to give him false hopes. Denying him everything was the decent thing to do, for his sake.

But what does it feel like?

"The air's getting colder," Mary said, her words broken into a staccato cadence by the slamming of Doug's pelvis into hers. "The storm's moving closer."

"We'll be safe here," he said. He moaned and added, "Do that again." She had clamped her cunt muscles tight on his dick as he started to withdraw. Mary had to teach the wife or girlfriend of every man in their swing club how to do Kegel exercises. Newcomers would fuck her once and then say, "You need to talk to my wife right now." Melinda Peck was the undisputed Queen of the Blowjob, but Mary was the Queen of Quims. She was the one member who consistently was fucked until he came by every man present.

Melinda had grown up in the same commune and had automatically become bisexual, the same as Mary. Melinda loved eating cum, which was fortunate because of her specialty, and she'd stop blowing long enough to eat the cum from Mary's pussy between studs. Melinda and Mary were always located near each other, usually in the center of the main room at the club fuckfests.

Doug rewarded her by dipping his head to suck on her nipples while he thrust into her tight, gripping gash. She came seconds later. Eyes closed, her head lolled to the side. When she opened her eyes, she was looking toward the companionway. "Our audience is back," she murmured.

"Perhaps she's looking for new things to try with Timmy. Got any ideas?" Doug whispered as he switched nipples. "Ooooh," he added as she again squeezed his dick.

Mary gave one of her postorgasmic giggles that he found so appealing. "Poor little thing. Maybe you should invite her over and show her first-hand so Timmy will..." Her words died as she looked at his face.

He had stopped thrusting and was frowning at her. "She's my daughter, Mare. Why would you say such a thing?"

The afterglow faded from her face and she focused on his eyes, which were almost glaring down at her. This was something new.

"What's the matter? We've never had any off-limit topics when we were making love or sport fucking. Remember when you said you wondered what I'd look like with a python's head shoved up my cunt? Or what I'd look like after you'd loaned me to a couple of fraternities for the party entertainment? I thought we agreed any fantasy goes and nobody would be offended."

Doug rose and shifted his legs until his weight rested on his shins, but left his shaft buried in her tunnel. "That was before we had a daughter, Mare. It's my responsibility to see that nothing bad happens to her. I don't like kidding about it."

Mary blinked at him, trying to comprehend what she'd just heard. She understood the words, but she didn't fathom his meaning. Was this because he was a pediatrician or was this something new that she couldn't grasp?

"What was 'bad' in what I said?"

Doug stared at her. "What? You ... What kind of question is that?"

Her hips stilled and her arms slid to rest on the deck. "I guess we do have fantasy limits after all."

Doug sat back on his heels, his half-hard erection popping out of his wife. "I want to protect my daughter, and you ridicule me? What the fuck is wrong with you, Mare?"

Alyson's finger stilled as she realized her parents were arguing. Their voices grew stronger, but were still being muffled by the weather. She thought she heard her father say her name once, but she couldn't be sure. Had she done something to cause the fight? Unlike some parents who apparently argued all the time, hers rarely did. Hearing anger in their voices caused her stomach to knot in fear. Desire left her immediately, and she withdrew her finger from her slit.

This was something she could not stand to watch. She rose slightly from a seated position to a low crouch and began to back down the steps. As she did the wind suddenly whipped, and a drop of rain, one as cold as the tear that ran down her cheek was hot, hit between her shoulders.

She closed the door of her cabin and threw herself on the bunk. She was dying to know if she had somehow caused their fight, and if so, how, but she didn't want to listen to their quarreling even to learn that. Her parents would be coming down out of the weather any minute now. She turned to face the wall and pulled her pillow over her head, covering her ears. That muffled everything except the rumbling thunder which grew louder by the minute.

The sudden arrival of the storm ended the argument. Mary clearly wanted to continue the fight below deck, but dropped it immediately when she realized Doug was afraid. "What's wrong?"

His wide eyes scanned the northern and western skies. "This shit isn't passing us, Mare. It's coming right down on top of us. I'd better go radio in our position, just in case."

Mary's voice caught in her throat. "Just in case?"

Lightning struck a tree atop one of the peaks on the island, momentarily illuminating the boat in high-contrast black and white. Six seconds later thunder shook the boat. As if that were a signal the winds immediately exploded in fury, driving cold raindrops sideways from the direction of the island and rocking the boat.

Doug slapped his forehead with the heel of his right hand, a gesture that told Mary he had just realized he'd made a huge error. "We're facing the wrong way. I need to turn us into the wind. Get on the radio and send our location to Search and Rescue. Tell them if they don't hear from us after the storm passes to come looking for us."

The pit of Mary's stomach went colder than the wind-driven rain. "Doug? If they don't hear from us? Do you really think..."

"Do it! The location is on the pad next to the chart. Hurry! I'll turn the boat." He gave her a quick kiss, a gentle slap on her bare butt, and a shove toward the steps to the lower deck while he climbed the short ladder to the wheelhouse.

Lightning flared again as Mary started down the steps. The thunder seemed to arrive more swiftly. She forced herself not to panic as she entered their cabin, wondering why the boat wouldn't just pivot about the bow anchor, and switched the radio to the Search and Rescue frequency. She felt and heard the engine start as she picked up the pad and looked at the numbers.

Not again! Was that a "6", an "8", or a "0"? For what seemed the ten-thousandth time she wondered if Doug's handwritten prescriptions were as sloppy and, if not for the computer printouts, whether the pharmacies would have to call for a translation of every one. She decided it was a zero. As she reached for the microphone she heard a distant roaring sound, like a diesel locomotive pulling a long train steadily closer.

The rocking of the boat was no longer gentle. Alyson wrapped her arm tighter around the pillow, squeezing it to her ear while also using it to keep the flashes outside the porthole from being visible through her eyelids. She didn't like thunder, and it was getting so loud she could feel it through her body. Then she felt a different vibration, that of the engine starting. And now she felt the electric winch drawing up the anchor chain at the front of the boat.

She sat up, wrapping both arms around the pillow and squeezing it to her chest. Claws of something cold squeezed her heart, making it pound harder against the icy grip. Surely Daddy wasn't going to try to drive the boat somewhere in this storm? Another boom of thunder made her jump, and then the boat started moving, swinging around in a tight turn. Through an increasingly loud roaring from outside she heard the radio in her parents' cabin. It had to be Mom. Maybe Mom could tell her what Daddy was doing.

Doug hit the starter button. The engine responded immediately, and he hit the switch to raise the anchor. Another bright flash was followed three seconds later by a crash of thunder. He had to get in closer to the island. It might provide more shelter if they were closer to it, and if the boat went down, he wanted to be as close as possible. He would rather risk washing the boat into the shallows and stranding it than have it go down. He was an idiot to have anchored out here.

Shortly after graduating from medical school he'd gone fishing with six other guys. They'd been caught on the open ocean in a surprise storm. He never wanted to repeat the occasion, especially not with his daughter and wife present. Yet here he was, with a storm headed at them. He should have skipped their annual cruise this year. Normally Mary's two-week summer research expedition was earlier in the summer and there was little storm risk during the subsequent cruise. This year she'd swapped field sessions with another botanist, one who should be ending the last day of her honeymoon now. As usual, he and Alyson had flown to meet Mare in the islands at the end and then, disregarding the time of year, rented a boat for two weeks of cruising. Stupid! Stupid! Stupid!

"Damn!" He had forgotten to tell Mary to get Alyson and herself into life vests. Mare was always the more level-headed. Maybe she'd think of it without his reminder. He opened the compartment under a bench seat and grabbed one for himself.

The roaring from the direction of the island was growing louder. He engaged the propeller and shoved the throttle open, spinning the wheel to turn them toward the island. He was straightening their course when another flash of lightning illuminated it: a waterspout. It moved onto the island, becoming a tornado that cut a path across the wide, flat expanse between the shore and the high hills at the island's center. It was just moving back to the water again, and he realized it would move past them to the north. "We're safe," he murmured to himself with a small sigh of relief. In the next flash of lightning his blood ran cold.

The whirling fury had snapped off trees as it crossed the island. A palm tree, some of its fronds still intact, was arcing toward them. It was immediately lost in the darkness, but he had understood that it was on an intercept course. He spun the wheel hard to starboard, turning them toward the waterspout temporarily. Another flash and he realized his error. Before he could react the broken end of the tree slammed through the side of the boat and lodged, its weight pulling the boat onto its port side. With horror he realized that it had penetrated where Alyson's cabin was.

Her scream overwhelmed the roar of the waterspout.
Chapter 2
Home - Top


Home « Russell Hoisington's Page « G'Night Pixie (the Original Story Concept) Index « Previous - Settings
Chapter 2: Stranded
Posted: August 04, 2009 - 04:34:02 pm

Doug Bryant lay on the sandy beach gasping for air. Mary was dry heaving beside him, the contents of her stomach having been left far out in the water. Alyson was crying on the other side of her. Mary and Alyson had briefly gone under with the boat, but had somehow escaped. They broke surface on either side of another life vest. Mary and he had insisted Alyson wear it. He'd had to half-drag Mary to the beach against the pressure of the wind. It hadn't been easy swimming in his canvas deck shoes, despite his almost legendary endurance, but he knew he'd need them on the island since neither Alyson nor Mary had any.

Lightning struck another tree on a hill, reminding him of how exposed they were.

"Come on! We have to get off the beach. Don't stand up or you'll attract lightning."

They were all too tired to do more than crawl anyway. It took both of them to stop Alyson's crying long enough to get her moving. "We need to get back into the dense trees as a minimum. Maybe we can reduce the chance of being fried. Maybe we can find some kind of shelter. A cave or something. Come on!"

"Shelter" was just a large fallen tree lying at a forty-five degree angle against a small rise in the ground. It looked stable enough, so Doug put Mary and Alyson under it while he scrounged branches, fronds, small bushes--anything he could use to build a lean-to wall on the windward side. Mary had insisted on helping, but he overruled her. "Aly's hanging by a thread. If we leave her alone she could snap. Just get back under there and comfort her. Tell her it will be okay when the storm passes. Please, Mare."

Doug's wall didn't block all of the wind, but it did keep out over ninety percent of it and effectively blocked the rain. He had enough material to create a partial windbreak on the leeward side, then crawled in with the others. The temperature would have been comfortable were it not for the chilling effect of the wind and rain. Mary was sitting behind the still-sobbing Alyson, her nude body wrapped around her daughter's to share warmth.

Doug's exertions had left him overheated. He had the other two cuddle around him to share his warmth and to keep himself from cooling too quickly.

"Daddy..." After six attempts and never getting past that initial word before breaking down in sobs Alyson gave up.

His left arm tightened, squeezing her to his side. He spoke in a quiet, gentle voice barely above a whisper. "It's okay now, Pixie. The worst is over. We'll be safe here tonight, and tomorrow we can look for something better. Search and Rescue will be looking for us when the storm clears." He hadn't had the opportunity to ask Mary if that last was true. But it could wait until he could ask her out of Alyson's hearing. Knowing the answer now wouldn't make any difference at the moment.

"Your mom's already asleep. You need to sleep, too, because tomorrow you'll need your strength. We'll have work to do. Okay?"

"But..."

"Shhhh! No buts, okay? Worrying tonight won't solve anything. We'll have time to worry tomorrow, but let's not do that until we know what the situation really is. Tomorrow things will probably turn out to be better than they seem to be tonight, and we'd be worrying about non-problems. Pixies have better things to do than worry about non-problems. Okay?"

Her tear-streaked cheek snuggled against his left shoulder. "Okay. I'll try."

He couldn't free his right arm from around Mary, so he brushed her bangs aside with his nose and placed a gentle kiss on her forehead as he raised his left hand. He ran the side of his left forefinger down the line of her jaw and whispered, "G'night, Pixie."

Her arms tightened about him for a moment, and then she lifted her tear-streaked face and he heard the two soft little grunts. He gently pressed his lips to hers for the "MmmmmmmmMAH!"

She returned her face to his shoulder and sniffed once. "I love you. G'night."

"I love you too, Pixie." He lowered his arm and wrapped it around her, holding her to him while realizing he should have put her in the middle where it was warmest. But her breathing had suddenly become deep and regular. He suspected she hadn't gone to sleep as much as she had passed out from exhaustion, the same as Mare. And the same as he was going to do.

His last thought was the sudden realization that in addition to the soft handful of Mare's right breast cupped in his right hand, he had a firm little cone under the fingers of his left. He jerked his arm down as exhaustion took him.

While Doug headed for the beach to examine the leaden sky and take stock of their surroundings, Mary tried to explain the basics of field sanitation to their discontented daughter. "Look," she finally said, her shoulders sagging in frustration. "You don't have any other choice. There's no C-store handy to buy toilet paper, not that we have any cash on hand anyway. You can always wash in the surf, you know. Now, scoot! I have to talk to your father."

"What if I use poison ivy?"

"Your father left a stack of leaves on the log for you. Use those."

"What if a bear attacks me?"

"Lie to it. Tell it you always root for the Bears to beat the Chargers. Go on!"

As Alyson rolled her eyes and minced her way to the slit trench that Doug had dredged with a broken tree limb, Mary followed the trail back to the beach, looking as she went for suitable ways to improve their makeshift shelter. She found Doug standing just beyond the treeline, the two orange life vests dangling at the end of one arm, staring to the right. The south, more or less, she assumed.

"Doug?"

"Look at that."

She followed his pointing finger. A small wooden dock, weathered gray with age, stuck into the water a couple of hundred yards to the south. "I thought this island was uninhabited," she said, her eyes now searching the treeline near the dock.

"That's what the chart said. That does look rather old..."

"There!" She pointed. "Right down from that tallest tree with the broken top."

She waggled her forefinger while he squinted. His lasik surgery had not been a hundred percent successful because he'd insisted on going to that jerk McLaughlin instead of to Brilovic as she'd done. But this wasn't the time for her to point that out. She waggled it again and he suddenly grunted as he saw the debris-strewn clay tile roof and the weathered gray walls half-consumed by the surrounding vegetation.

"It looks worse than the dock." He looked toward their makeshift camp. "Where's Alyson?"

"Taking care of Number Two. She's not happy that there's no Charmin to squeeze."

Doug glanced toward the water. "Well, she can..."

"I told her."

Doug already knew that, just as she knew he already knew. They could practically read each other's minds after all these years. But he didn't need to be a mind reader to know that her next question would be about Search and Rescue. She explained how she'd just given the coordinates but didn't get a confirmation before the boat was hit. She saw the look on his face and stopped talking. "What?"

"That was an eight, not a zero. That's about a hundred fifty miles difference, Mare."

She blinked at him. "But if they don't find us there..."

"If there's another of these little islands there, they'll assume that's where we went down, and that's where they'll start looking for us. If not, then they will assume our bearings were off slightly and start searching with the closest island, moving downwind. They may give up before they ever get to this one."

She thought he was blaming her. "Well, I warned you about your handwriting!" she snapped.

He placed his free hand gently on her shoulder. "What's done is done. We don't need to be arguing about this, especially in front of Alyson. What we need to do is prepare for a slightly extended stay here. That cabin is a good sign, even if nobody appears to be home. We can try to salvage stuff from the boat. The water's only about thirty feet deep out there, depending on exactly where it went down." He pointed along the shore. "A few things have already washed up here."

"Where are you?" Alyson's voice was shrill and shaky.

"Here!"

Two more shouts and Alyson stumbled out of the trees before them. "I couldn't find you," she said, brushing a tear from her cheek. "I'm going to get lost here."

"You never get lost in the mall," Doug said. "And who's the one who always knows where the car is in the parking lot?"

She gave him the standard Frustrated Daughter Dealing with Obtuse Parents look. "Daddy!"

"I'm serious. You keep track of the landmarks there. You just have to do the same here, except they aren't letters on signs attached to light poles. Just because you grew up in the city doesn't mean you have to forget everything you learned while you're out here. You just need to adjust some of your thinking for the changed circumstances."

"Why didn't you just follow the trail?" Mary asked.

"What trail?"

Mary blinked. "Just what did they teach you at that camp three years ago?"

Alyson's thin eyebrows pulled down from her bangs in a frown. "Pottery and archery and swimming..."

Mary interrupted her. "Speaking of swimming, do you want to go wash up before we check out the area?"

"Yeah." She glanced at the shoreline and back at them. "Shouldn't you be building a signal fire or something, like they do in the movies?"

"Sure," her father replied. "How do you want to light it?"

"How should I know? Bang two rocks together or something. Rub two sticks together. You're the adults. You grew up in this sort of place. I'm just a city girl." She trudged toward the water, the onerous burden of being stranded hundreds of miles away from the nearest Godiva Chocolatier, Pizza Hut, or movie cineplex, without even her portable MP3 player for diversion, evident in her posture.

After a dozen paces Alyson turned around. "What about jellyfish or sharks or something?"

"I meant to warn you," Doug said. "They might be endangered species. Don't hurt them."

Mary saw the standard Frustrated Daughter Dealing with Smart-Assed Parents look, but she also saw the first hint of a smile that day. She went back to discussing plans with Doug while Alyson splashed and scrubbed in the shallows, no doubt upset by the absence of her favorite coconut oil-based bath soap. They had decided to delay diving to the boat until the next day to let the storm-churned turbid water return to its natural clarity when they were interrupted by Alyson's scream.

She was pointing southward along the shore. "There's a dock down there!"

"It's in good shape, considering," Doug said as he examined the boards and pilings of the dock from knee-deep water.

Alyson frowned at him, her narrow eyes squinting as if looking for signs of another smart-assed parent comment. "Considering what?"

"Considering its age. Probably hasn't been used in ten years, right Mare?"

She put her knuckles on her tanned hips and swept her eyes along it one more time. "That'd be my guess. Which means the cabin's probably been abandoned that long, too. Let's go see."

Alyson groaned. "Does that mean there won't be anything to eat?"

Mary pointed inland and shook her head. "Aly, there's enough edibles in there to feed our entire neighborhood for over a year, and it's not all 'rabbit food, ' either. You have a lagoon full of seafood, too."

Doug turned to wade to shore and pointed. "There's a coconut. Probably blew off one of those trees over there during the storm."

She looked around. "Where?"

He pointed again.

"Daddy!"

"He's not kidding, Aly. That's what they look like. What you see in the supermarket is just the seed. See? Look up that tree there."

Alyson looked, then glanced around in frustration. She froze with her eyes fixed on the dock. "There's something sparkly," she said and started down the gray wooden planks.

"Careful!" her father warned. "The boards look stout enough, but they might be weak."

"It's right here," she said taking another two steps forward to stop in front of him and then bending at the waist, feet wide apart, to pick up a small, shiny object from between her feet.

Not three feet away and at his eye level, between the flare of her hips and below the buttocks that were assuming the size and shape for the woman she was becoming, the sparsely-curled pillows of her outer labia pushed toward him, as if pursing to kiss him, and then parted slightly to show him the damp, darker vestibule of her vagina. The absence of her maidenhead struck him momentarily, though he was aware of her masturbatory habits and, in truth, he examined more girls her age without than with the thin shield of tissue.

He was sorting the emotions conflicting within him when she straightened and the unnerving sight was gone. When she held the rough object between thumb and forefinger for him to see, he peered at it. "I think it's a gold nugget," she said.

"That's a gold crown," he said.

Through the look of disbelief she said, "Doesn't look like any coin I ever saw."

"Not a coin crown," he said with a grin. "A crown off a tooth."

"It came out of somebody's mouth? EEEEeeeewwww!" She jerked her hand away from the offensive golden object. Doug bent forward and caught it before returning to shore.

"Whoever owns it might want it back. It cost a lot of money," he explained. "C'mon. Let's check out the cabin." He grabbed the straps of the two life vests in the same hand as the crown and led the way.

The two-room cabin had been vacant for years. The windows had no glass--had never had any from what they could tell--but had wooden shutters on rusty hinges. The door hung by the bottom hinge, and that snapped when Doug tried to open the door wider. Sand, dirt, and bird and small animal droppings littered the interior.

The front had been arranged into a living room on the left and a kitchen with an office behind it to the right. A ratty green couch sat along the front of the left wall. A small stone fireplace was in the wall just beyond the couch. At the back a wood rocking chair with rattan back and seat sat in a corner past a bookshelf. A stuffed chair in a gold brocade sat mildewed and full of holes before the fireplace. A small, hairy face blinked red eyes from one of the holes near the floor and jerked back with a squeak.

Another bookshelf sat beside a filing cabinet, a metal desk, and a wooden office chair on casters in the right rear office. A few picture frames, one with the glass broken, sat on the desk and on a wall shelf.

A painting of a battleship hung over the mantel of the fireplace. Something about the style told Doug the artist was an oriental. In the bottom right corner he could just make out a name in apparent Vietnamese. The ship in the painting was the New Jersey. Small battleships, aircraft carriers, and propeller planes in a variety of scales sat on the mantel. Most were cast metal, but some were stamped metal, wood, or plastic.

Two aluminum frame chairs with dark green nylon webbing sat at a wooden kitchen table three feet square. Two others were folded and leaning against the wall next to the door. Wooden cabinets formed a small kitchen around the table on two sides. An enameled metal sink was set into one countertop with two covered water buckets beside it, the handle of a dipper protruding from behind them. The cabinets held china, plastic, and metal plates, bowls, cups, tumblers, pots, pans, and other cooking and dining impedimenta in a variety of shapes, styles, and colors. It seemed no two pieces matched. The same could be said of the knives, forks, and spoons, with the exception of a set of stainless steel kitchen knives with fine teak handles inlaid with an elaborate oriental pattern in gold. Matching steel and ceramic sharpeners finished the set, which was clearly worth more than everything else in the cabin.

The stove was a small, wood-fired, cast-iron model. It had been years since Mary had cooked on one of those. There would be complaints to the chef for a while. Lighting it would be no problem. Both adults knew how to use flint and steel, and Doug had been good with a fire bow when he was a teenager.

A search of the drawers revealed one with a few hand tools, a can with an assortment of screws, and another with galvanized nails of varied sizes. Another had over a dozen long, tapered, white objects. "A woman must have lived here," Doug said as he reached into the drawer to put down the gold crown and pick up one of the things.

Mary frowned the question as she asked, "Why?"

He held up a candle. "Wax dildos."

Alyson blushed from the tops of her small breasts to the edge of her bangs, as if she'd been caught using one for that purpose, while Mary just shook her head and murmured, "You asshole."

A half-burned candle was stuck in a bottle on an end table by the stuffed chair. "They must have used those when the electricity was off," Alyson mused.

"Yeah, sure," Doug said, and then followed her line of sight to the peak of the roof. Two electric bulbs surrounded by dirty, hard-plastic shades dangled from wires that ran down to the far side wall and passed through it. He crossed to the window and looked out.

"There's a generator shed out there," he announced. "It's empty."

The murmurs of disappointment were cut short when Mary announced, "There's some canned goods in here. Don't know if I'd trust them after all this time, but maybe some are still edible."

"Good!" Alyson said. "I'm hungry."

"Then you can help clean up the kitchen. You can wash the dishes."

The square face screwed into a frown. "With what?"

Mary arced a hand upward and pointed over her shoulder. "There's a whole ocean out there, and sand you can use to scrub with. But there must be some fresh water here somewhere."

"There's a stream just beyond the generator shed," Doug said. It's probably the water source."

"Good!" Alyson jumped up and down, clapping her hands. She hadn't been thrilled about drinking from puddles of rainwater. Doug watched the tanned tennis-ball-sized cones with their darker tips as she bounced. They moved with her body, as if she were all one hard plastic shell, but he knew of their soft firmness and how they yielded to pressure...

What the hell am I thinking? Get a goddamned grip on your thoughts before it's too late, you asshole!

He checked the smaller bedroom. A wardrobe, nightstand, bureau, double bed, wooden chair, and a folded cot were all that was in the room. The mattress and linens were ruined. The clothes in the wardrobe and bureau were mildewed and generally useless except for the pure synthetics, which amounted to some nylon wet-weather gear and some nylon socks. Photographs were displayed in frames with glass so grimy that he could tell only that they were of men, children, an apparent family group portrait, and in a tarnished silver frame, one woman. He did not brush the dirt away for fear of scratching the glass.

He emerged from the bedroom to see Mary clearing away the countertop and Alyson idly scratching a spot on her left hip while reading a large book atop the desk.

Alyson looked up as he approached. "His name was Peter Butler Welch. This is sort of like a diary."

He moved to her left side and brought his right arm up to give her shoulders a gentle squeeze as he looked at the first page. It showed Welch's name and a starting date as well as the coordinates for the island. The handwriting was masculine but neat and precise, the antithesis of his own. "It's a journal, sort of like a ship's log. He was a sailor. I found some of his uniform things in there."

He had her turn to the last entry. It had been made a week short of eight years earlier. Welch was leaving that morning to take the generator in for repairs and expected to return within a week.

"He lived here for four years. I wonder what happened to him," she said in a faint voice.

Doug squeezed her shoulders again. "We'll try to find out when we get back home. Meanwhile, I'll go check around outside."

"Daddy?" She turned her face up to his and her lower lip trembled for a moment. "When's Search and Rescue coming?"
Chapter 3
Home - Top


Home « Russell Hoisington's Page « G'Night Pixie (the Original Story Concept) Index « Previous - Settings
Chapter 3: Solitaire
Posted: August 04, 2009 - 04:34:02 pm

Shortly after high tide Doug paused and floated in place a quarter-mile out from shore, held up by the buoyancy of the salt water and the two life vests. He was certain that he was in the area where the boat had gone down. He dipped his face in the crystalline water and looked around. His diving mask would have helped, but he could see to the sand and coral of the bottom for some distance. He'd been searching for almost an hour now and decided that the boat had been farther out than he thought. It had been fighting against a strong wind as he drove it toward the island. Perhaps it hadn't made as much speed as he'd thought. He was beginning to tire and knew better than to push ahead until he had rested.

The sun and warm water felt good to his arms and shoulders, slowly baking strength back into them. He'd used a shovel he'd found in the generator shed to carve out a large "SOS" in the sand near the cabin and had filled it with branches and foliage and non-repairable junk from the cabin to give it contrast from the off-white sand.

He'd also found a large wooden spool containing almost a thousand feet of yellow, braided, quarter-inch nylon rope in the shed and another spool of red. He carried a hundred feet of the yellow coiled around the second life vest It was more than he thought he'd need to anchor the vest as a marker buoy for the boat's location, so he wore one of the razor-sharp kitchen knives tied to his arm. It rested in a sheath he'd made from some heavy canvas sewn together with needle and thread from a tarp repair kit and was tied in place with some nylon twine around the handle.

He turned to look shoreward. Alyson, a sun-browned spot against the background vegetation, was standing at the end of the dock and looking toward him. He waved to indicate all was well. She waved and sat down. Doug had salvage duty, Mary had shack-cleaning duty, and Alyson had been volunteered to catch lunch. The shed had contained two tackle boxes with monofilament line, but no poles or reels. Thanks to the storm, branches for fishing poles were in abundance and needed only some trimming with the machete by the back door.

Alyson was concerned about the time that they might be stranded until Search and Rescue found them, but she was showing a brave face. No, that wasn't fair. She was coping with the situation, probably because neither he nor Mary had shown any fear. Concern, yes; but not fear. Plus he had told her to think of the reaction of the rest of her schoolmates when she wrote her essay on "How I Spent My Summer Vacation." Her first reaction had been the standard Frustrated Daughter Dealing with Clueless Parents look, but that quickly changed when she realized just what those reactions would be. And it implied that she would be home by the time school started. Doug hoped that he was right about the timing.

He turned to float face down, letting the sun warm his lower back, too. His left butt cheek hurt from the splinter it had found on the privy seat. He also had a slight, nagging ache just above his hips. He wasn't sure if it was from the shoveling or from sleeping on the floor. The adults had given Alyson the single cot, putting her at a distance from the "crawly things" that might traverse the floor, and a life vest for a pillow. He and Mary had curled up spoon-fashion on the bedroom floor together, using the other life vest as a shared pillow, with torn mosquito netting crudely draped over all of them, held up by a piece of the rope.

Mary.

One of her odd quirks was that the more physical labor she exerted, the hornier she became, even when she was too exhausted to do more than lie there and let him do all the work. Unfortunately, he'd worked just as hard all day and, while the concept of a quickie with Mary had certainly had its appeal, his body and mind were too numb to do more than appreciate the fact that she was dragging his flaccid member through her wet trench and massaging her clit with it before he passed out from exhaustion.

He'd been more in the mood just before he departed for this swim. His entry into the cabin was greeted by the sight of Mary on her hands and knees, digging around in one of the bottom cabinets and giving him a very exciting "brown eye wink," as Carson Peck called it.

Carson was into anal sex. Mary didn't care much for it, though she'd let Doug use the back door on special occasions. Doug usually had to satisfy his occasional urge for it with Melinda or one of the other wives in the group. Melinda loved being speared from below while she was giving one of her famous blow jobs, and she didn't much care which hole the guy used.

A pleasant feeling radiating from his loins was Doug's first clue that he was unconsciously stroking his erection while he floated. Well, it was his own fault if he was still horny. If he hadn't thrown that rubber snake from the shed in front of Mare--What the hell was a guy alone on an island hundreds of miles from anywhere doing with a rubber snake anyway?--she might have let him use her asshole to reduce his sexual tension. Instead she had called him an asshole and told him to go drown himself.

He slowly increased the speed as he remembered how good it was to do Melinda in the ass, though not as good as getting head from her. It was also fun putting Melinda as the filler in a three-man-sandwich. The last time he'd done that, he'd been the one up her ass.

Mary had been the sandwich filler twice when they were in their late teens. He'd participated the first time and had used her pucker door. She was deep-throating Harry Baltz--what kind of cruel parents would saddle a son with a name like that?--while riding Tony Kim's pole for all she was worth. Her butt cheeks would clench together as she slammed down around him and spread wide as she lifted for another down stroke, inviting him with that brown eye wink to join in on the fun. He could never forget how enticing her ass looked if he lived to be a thousand.

It had looked just like Alyson's.

It was the most violent cum of his life. His face slammed into the water and he involuntarily inhaled. Despite his choking and spluttering his orgasm did not abate while his fist continued to pound his spewing staff. His hips thrust as if he were fucking the ocean and could not stop their movement. Red sparks ricocheted across the backs of his squeezed eyelids.

Slowly it ended. Sanity returned, and he began to exert his own will to control his body. The coughing stopped. He felt his erection in his fist, still as firm as his body was weak. He just wanted to sleep for a month to recover, but Boner Boy was asking for another round. He released the throbbing shaft and let his face sag into the water.

Long, white strings were floating seaward in the gentle current, breaking up into shorter filaments as they went. He looked toward the base of his body and asked the head still pointed toward his face, Why aren't you dead after that, you horny sonofabitch?

He shifted to float upright and threw his head back to gulp in air. After a few minutes rest he slowly moved toward the mouth of the cove to begin another sweep. Less than a hundred yards later he saw it, sitting at an angle toward its starboard side behind a small rise in the sea floor thirty, perhaps forty feet down. The hole in the side was a dark gash clearly visible from the surface. Debris was scattered about it. The tree trunk had floated away. I wonder if the rental fee stops when the boat sinks. If so, how do I prove when it happened?

He turned toward the dock and floated upright in the water. He gave a long, sharp whistle and watched Alyson scramble to her feet. He held the spare vest at arm's length and swept it from side to side overhead: once, twice, three times, stopping with it overhead and then lowering it straight down. She waved and scrambled to the cabin to tell her mother that he'd given her the signal that the boat was found and reachable. He was going to dive to it.

He began breathing deeply, preparing the rope to coil out as he descended. He slipped out of his vest and clipped it to the one attached to the rope, the one that would be the marker buoy to locate the wreck on the subsequent salvage dives. He gulped air for another minute, then inhaled and held it, flipped upside-down, and descended. He tied the rope to the wheelhouse railing with a quick clove hitch, then fumbled trying to remove the knife from its arm sheath. Taking no chances, he released the rope and shot to the surface.

He again gulped air while untying the stubborn knot in the cord holding the knife in its sheath. When he was ready he descended again, cut the free end of the rope, and swam for the starboard locker at the stern that held the diving gear. They had one full tank and one partially full one remaining. It should be sufficient for them to salvage the boat's contents.

The tanks and other contents of the locker were jumbled and jammed in place. He freed a mouthpiece and opened the valve on the regulator. It was one of the empties. He released it and freed another mouthpiece. He turned the valve and sucked down air. He pulled out Mary's diving mask. The lens was shattered, and he released it, too. There was Alyson's yellow, twin-lensed mask. He grabbed it and then found his own beneath that, under one of her blue swim fins. A blenny swam out of the jumble, seemed to glare at him, and swam off with an indignant flip of its tail. How had it gotten into the locker? He put the mask on and cleared it. Much better.

He was suddenly aware of just how beautiful the floor of the lagoon was and took a moment to drink in his surroundings. Brightly colored fish, angels and butterflies and damsels, fluttered about, generally ignoring him. A low, narrow coral reef ran for maybe a hundred feet along a ridge to the northeast. An impossible-to-describe palette of living coral polyps, brain corals, anemones, nudibranches, shrimp, crabs, and fish made it look as if a paint truck had crashed. A moray eel lunged from an opening beneath a brain coral and impaled its lunch with needle teeth, a reminder that danger lurked with the beauty here. Doug turned his attention to freeing the contents of the locker.

Five minutes later he was wearing his goggles, fins, and the partially-full tank. The other fins and goggles and the snorkels were tied together and placed in a sturdy rope-handled pail. He tried to descend to the cabins to get his medical kit, but the short hallway was a jumble of broken planks and debris. He didn't want to become trapped. Reluctantly he backed out and checked the locker with the inflatable raft. It was locked! Who the hell had locked it? And where was the key? He checked the other lockers and the wheelhouse for items to take on this trip. Two spear guns with six spears. Two of the other six life vests floating at the top of a port-side locker. They could be used to help lift the pail. A waterproof flashlight that still worked. The compass. The signal mirror. Another flashlight, which he left for the salvage operation. A few other minor miscellaneous items that fit in the pail.

And all the time that wasn't spent thinking about what he was doing was spent thinking about his orgasm and the feelings Mary had awakened toward his own daughter. He was a pediatrician, by damn, and he wasn't about to think of his daughter, or his patients, as sexual objects again.

He was breathing too fast. Calm down! The partially-full tank would be needed to finish the salvage, but it wouldn't be enough if he ran out of air prematurely. He clipped the life vests to the pail, cut a piece of rope for later, and pulled the vests out of the locker. He rose with the pail. At the surface he closed the regulator valve, removed the tank, and tied it to a short rope section looped around the marker buoy rope. He watched as the tank, guided by the marker rope, descended to the sunken boat, then lifted the mask to his forehead and peered toward shore.

The fins made it easy to rise higher out of the water. He whistled and waved. He watched Alyson stand, wave, and then turn to shout something at the cabin. She was sitting down again as he stopped kicking and sank to float alongside the pail and the life vests. He unclipped the one vest from the marker and slipped it on. He took the compass from the pail and used it to get a bearing to the shack and another to the northernmost of the inland peaks. That would make it easier to get to within sighting distance of the marker buoy. He attached a snorkel to the mask strap and pulled the mask and snorkel in place. He headed toward the shore at a leisurely pace, observing the life happening in the watery world around him and telling himself that there would be no more notice of his daughter's blooming sexuality.

Mary released some of her nervous tension when Alyson shouted that Doug was on his way back. He looked athletic, sure, and he was stronger than he looked. His endurance--well, just ask any of the women he'd partied with about his endurance. But accidents can happen, and at thirty feet down accidents easily become fatal. The nervous tension slowly gave way to sexual tension. She had to be the weirdest woman she knew. Everything made her horny, even being scared by that damned rubber snake. She thought of the candles in the drawer. No, she'd just wait for Doug.

She dipped a drink of water from one of the covered pails and looked around. The cabin had been filthy, and a great deal of work remained to bring it up to acceptable standards, but she could see visible signs of progress. Most of the grime was gone from the kitchen now. She looked down between her breasts at her body and legs. No, the grime wasn't gone. It had just been relocated. She needed to be dipped in the cove herself. Not that dirt bothered her. She'd been raised around a few people who thought cleanliness and hygiene were signs of moral weakness.

She scratched a bite on her leg. The mosquito netting had a huge rip in it that made it virtually useless until she could repair it. Or she could have Alyson do it. Alyson wouldn't complain about the chore if it kept the bugs from biting her at night. Her daughter truly was a city girl, complaining about every little inconvenience and deathly afraid of the slightest pain. Good thing Doug found the splinter in the outhouse seat rather than Alyson the pain-o-phobic.

That's not fair. She'd watched Alyson sobbing gently to herself once or twice, but her daughter really was doing her best to put on a brave face for her parents. She really was trying to cope with their situation and really was trying to do it on her own, without bothering her parents who obviously had their hands full. It wasn't Alyson's fault that she hadn't been raised with the same degree of independence that her mother had been.

Sure, she'd whimpered and complained when she'd been assigned Go Catch Lunch detail, but it had been habit and her heart hadn't been in it. She'd known it was important and did her share. Maybe this was a good learning experience for the girl.

She stepped to the door and leaned against the frame for a moment, watching Alyson sitting quietly at the end of the dock with her fishing pole tucked under her left arm. No music player and headphones. No gaggle of friends to talk to. No television for diversion. Just alone with nature and herself.

Uh oh.

Mary actually felt herself blush as she turned away. She'd finally realized what that small, steady movement of Alyson's right elbow had meant. Wasn't it strange that she could gangbang a half dozen guys and their wives in a group or perform with her husband for her daughter's voyeuristic curiosity, yet she was embarrassed watching her daughter masturbate?

No. It wasn't strange. Masturbation was a private thing for Alyson, and even in communal families like theirs, where almost everything went on, one learned to respect the privacy of others. Her embarrassment was from her intrusion on that privacy, not from Alyson's actions.

She suspected Alyson would never know what it would be like to beat four boys in a peeing contest when she was sixteen, let alone defeat two other girls in a screwing contest when she was fifteen. She couldn't decide whether that was a good thing or a bad one. City living--"civilized living" Doug called it--sure had screwed up her mind.

Mary dipped another drink of water and sat down to decide what she wanted to tackle next. Thirty seconds later she had her answer as she finger-drubbed her aching clitoris with a staccato rhythm. She dipped it into her flooded tunnel, which couldn't have been any wetter if every man in the club had just cum in her, and dragged more lubrication to make her task easier. She wished Doug had been able to drill her the night before, but she couldn't blame him for being too tired. She had been too tired to just roll him on his back and ride him. Of course, he might not have let her with Alyson in the same room. He'd certainly become eccentric about the girl, the oddest he'd acted since those inexplicable three months a couple of years earlier. And sending him diving without a quickie first because of that rubber snake had punished her more than it had Doug.

She gave a mental shrug and dragged up favorite memories of some of their swing parties. Two minutes later her legs stiffened and rose from the floor as her back arched and her head tilted back. Her body convulsed, and again, and a third time, at the end of which she began shaking as if she'd grabbed a high voltage wire. In another moment she went limp and gasped for air. That might hold her until Doug returned. If not, she'd deal herself another game of sexual solitaire.

The fish had been hooked just as she heard Daddy's whistle saying he was okay and returning. Alyson shouted the news to Mom before lifting the fish to the dock. She lifted the stringer from the water and then removed the hook from the struggling fish's mouth. The stringer already had two fish on it. Its third snap wasn't just rusty, it was corroded and looked as if it might snap if the fish put much strain on it. She opened the fourth snap and ran it in a gill slit and out the fish's mouth, then dropped the free end with its three fish back into the water. She'd discovered that if she lay down on the dock, she could reach the water to get the fish slime off her hands and did so again. Her hands reached just into the water this time. The tide was going out.

She sat up again and brushed herself clean. The rough wood of the dock made her nipples itch if she didn't brush away the wood flakes and dried salt. She dangled her feet in the air above the water off the end of the dock and picked up the pole. She sure was glad that Daddy had found those plastic worms. She could thread real worms onto a hook if she had to. She'd done it lots of times. But they were squirmy and icky and smelled bad. And they made her hands smell bad, too.

She brought the pole around and lowered the bait into the water, anchored the pole to her side with her left arm, and began slowly moving the bait with her left hand. She had other uses for her right hand.

She ran her fingertips gently over her sun-browned nipples again and slid them down her sweating body to the heart-shaped thicket of soft, brown curls and below. Well, there sure wasn't anything else to do out here, and it was an opportunity to be alone and work off some accumulated irritation. Daddy was swimming back and couldn't watch her. Mom was scrubbing stuff in the cabin, and if her mother did look out, Mom would see only her back. If she were careful she could do herself without attracting attention.

She slid her middle finger down the crease between her folds, past the brown curls sprouting near the front to the bare area around the opening up into her body. Something made her recall Timmy Corel asking, "How come you got pussy hair in front and none around your hole, but Rachael Lopez has got just the opposite?"

That had led to a big fight over whether Timmy had told Rachael, or anybody else, what they had been doing. Or worse, whether Timmy had told people lies that they had been "doing it," the way Mom had told her some boys would lie to each other, trying to impress each other.

The memory reminded her of the fight her parents had had the night of the storm. She didn't want to think about that, especially since she might have been responsible somehow. Maybe they had seen her and were arguing over whether--or how--to punish her. She hadn't thought of that, but she didn't want to think of it now, either. She just wanted the release while she had an opportunity to have it. She forced her mind away from the problem while she slid her fingertip to wiggle on the spot above her pleasure button. A tiny sigh escaped as the pleasure hit.

But Mom was trying to get Daddy to do her last night, right there on the floor beside her cot. Or it had seemed that way, as best as she could tell. She couldn't very well sit up in the cot and look, could she? But Daddy had been too tired. Or she guessed he'd been too tired. Maybe it was because she was in the room? Memories of their argument started creeping back in and she forced them away.

Mom sure did enjoy sex. If it felt as good as fingers, Aly knew she would, too, once she'd gotten past the agony of the first time. But she just couldn't bring herself to endure that fierce pain, no matter how good it might be afterward. She wondered how long the suffering lasted, days or hours or perhaps just minutes. A second would be too long for her, she knew, and that's why she could never go through with it.

Why was she wasting time thinking about this again? She might not have another chance for another few days, except in that smelly old outhouse. She shifted her thoughts back to what it would feel like if she had already endured the terrible pain and were able to have sex now. She felt the moisture inside her cunny increase and knew she was well-lubricated now, ready to receive a real, live, honest-to-God boner.

She thought of Timmy Corel and his erection. She wondered once more if it felt like her father's pole, hard but with a soft, warm outer covering. Timmy's was about the size of her middle two fingers together. She moistened them individually at the mouth of her cunny, then held them together and eased the pair into herself in a series of small pushes until the palm of her hand pressed against the swollen folds. She wet the edge of her thumb in her juices and slid it between the hard pebble of her clitty and one of the folds so that it would rub when she began stroking her fingers into and out of herself.

Pleasure washed through her in waves, and in no time she was grunting with the rhythm of the thrusts. The upper end of her tunnel ballooned then, so that it no longer squeezed her fingertips, while the first inch or two tightened its grip on the intruders.

As her body tensed and her toes curled she began thrusting harder and faster. She was vaguely aware that her elbow was waggling about wildly, but she was almost there and wanted the sweet release more than anything else. She felt the roughness of the boards of the pier against her calves as her legs tried to draw up under her. Any other time that would have irritated her, but now she ignored it. And it happened.

As her legs tried to straighten against the pressure holding them to the pier, her body tried to snap back out of its forward curl. It was like trying to straighten out inside a hollow metal ball and just as futile. Her body compressed and then tried to straighten again. And a third time. The fourth time it happened the ball shattered, and her legs shot out and her spine arched in the opposite direction. A massive shudder caused her feet with their clenched toes to bounce, and again, and again as her body went rigid, trembled, and then went as limp as washed-up seaweed.

She wiggled the fingers deep inside her cunny and vibrated her thumb against her hard little clitty, trying to squeeze every last bit of pleasure and relief from the moment. Her lungs resumed working, and she gulped air between bursts of giggles. She felt the smile on her face bulging her round cheeks further outward. Two more tremors rippled through, and then she was still except for her heaving chest, her slowly thrusting fingers, and her barely wiggling thumb. The purring sound in her ears turned out to be her humming when she exhaled. It was the best release she'd had since she masturbated with Daddy's cum.

And sex, fucking, was supposed to be even better than that. Why, then, did it have to be so excruciating the first time? A gentle rain began, and she lay on the rough boards thinking about the unfairness of life.
Chapter 4
Home - Top


Home « Russell Hoisington's Page « G'Night Pixie (the Original Story Concept) Index « Previous - Settings
Chapter 4: Secrets
Posted: August 04, 2009 - 04:34:02 pm

The first week passed in an organized chaos of digging, diving, and dirt displacement. By its end the cabin had been made generally livable. Doug had patched the leaks in the clay tile roof, ending the drips that accompanied the daily afternoon showers. All had cleaned the grime from its interior. The shutters were functional, thanks to new nylon rope hinges, and could be closed in case of another storm. The mosquito netting had been repaired and draped over the bed. Doug had used the nylon rope to weave a mattress support over the bed frame. The old mattresses were relegated to the pile of flammables that would be the signal fire. He had made a new mattress from the small ones in the sunken boat. Since the repaired netting wasn't large enough to cover both the bed and the cot, they all slept in the bed. Doug insisted that Mary sleep in the middle.

He had dug a new privy pit and moved the outhouse over it. He also fastened a plastic toilet seat from the boat into place to preclude the discomfort of finding another protruding splinter. Alyson, of course, was unhappy that the only toilet paper found had been on the spindle and had dissolved into a soggy mess. Mary's joke about having no Sears and Roebuck catalog went completely over Alyson's head, resulting in the standard Weirdo Parents Contemplating Their Ages while Shaking Their Heads at the Uncomprehending Daughter situation.

The outhouse was a source of philosophical diversion for Doug. Welch had put no door in the opening between the bedroom and the rest of the cabin, indicating not only that he lived alone but also that he didn't have visitors. Yet he'd put a door on the outhouse. What did that say about the mind of Man?

Doug had made a raft from limbs and small tree trunks to aid in the salvage operation. The second day of diving he'd used the raft to carry a crowbar from the generator shed out to the wreck and had pried open the emergency locker. He had two inflatable life rafts and the wooden raft to complete the salvage operation. His timing was excellent: the second lung ran out of air as he was bringing up the final load.

He had salvaged the remaining canned food from the wreck. Mary had already found bananas, coconuts, papayas, breadfruit, yams, and taro root. That plus what they caught from the sea would easily sustain them for two or three months. By then Mary would have identified more edible plants, if they were still stranded. He didn't want to think about that possibility, but he was a pragmatist.

All had deck shoes to wear now, making exploring of the forest easier. All salvaged clothing had been washed free of the saltwater in the stream, dried, and packed away in three plastic or nylon suitcases for later use. Doug had found his medical bag and one first aid kit. The other kit had broken loose and floated away. Mary commented that if Alyson had to be stranded on a tropical island, she could do worse than be stranded with a botanist and a pediatrician. Doug laughed for Alyson's sake, but privately he worried that he wouldn't have adequate medications for any of them when the need arose.

Early in the morning of the fifth day a small plane had passed a few miles north of the island. That was when Doug discovered that using a signal mirror wasn't as easy as it seemed. He practiced with it for several hours until it became as easy as tying his shoes. Nobody had thought of the signal fire, the pile of flammables inside a wooden stockade and covered by a nylon tarp, until over an hour after the plane had passed. The plane had not been equipped with pontoons, indicating among other things that it did not belong to Search and Rescue.

A squall arose on the ninth night. Doug guessed that it was after midnight when the thunder awakened him. Alyson was terrified. Doug couldn't blame her. During the last storm she'd avoided death by mere seconds, only to be nearly drowned moments later. She wanted to move between them where she would be safe. Mary looked at him as if she thought he would protest, but he merely nodded, then got up to close the shutters to keep out the blowing rain.

When he returned to bed, Mary was spooned around Alyson, who was shivering. "Honey, would you get a sheet for us?" Mary asked. They hadn't needed any cover until now, but the breeze drifting through the cabin had a chill to it. He grabbed a sheet from the wardrobe, ducked under the mosquito netting, and spread it over the bed before slipping under it.

Alyson was crying softly. A second "G'night, Pixie" helped calm her, and she soon drifted off to sleep as the storm waned. He reached over her to wrap his arm behind Mary for a hug, pulling himself into a temporary full-frontal squeeze with Alyson. Mary whispered, "I love you."

"I love you, too, Mare." He relaxed his hug and began sliding back.

Mary's arm clamped down on his forearm, halting him after only a few inches of withdrawal, leaving Alyson room enough to breathe, but little more. "I need your touch, too," she whispered.

He was a long time returning to sleep.

A full bladder half-awoke him shortly after dawn, as usual. It had caused an erection, as usual. As he slowly stretched his way to consciousness and tried to work the kinks out of his muscles without awakening the others, he felt his boner slip into the indentation between the cheeks of Mary's ass. He slowly humped her crack twice and decided to see if he could slide it into her while she slept.

That was one of the great things about Mary. Even sound asleep it took only a little stimulation to get her wet enough for a man to enter her. Frequently she awoke in time to cum and then drifted back to sleep with a satisfied purr, sometimes before his own orgasm. It was a delightful mix of intercourse and masturbation that he found strangely appealing.

He humped upward one more time until his balls were against her lower cheeks and reached for her treasure box. There was a sheet in the way. That was curious because they rarely ever...

His eyes slammed open. In the dimness of the shuttered room he remembered. Alyson had turned over in the night and was now backed up to him. It was his thirteen-year-old daughter's ass he was humping, not his wife's. He shoved himself backward and landed on the floor. The impact stung but caused no physical injury.

The noise awakened Mary and Alyson. Mary accepted his explanation that he'd rolled out of bed. She got up to open the shutters on her side of the bed. Alyson repeatedly asked if he was okay and if she had pushed him out of bed. He had to quiet her instead of stopping Mary. He tried to hide his erection, as if his betrayal would be erased if nobody saw the physical evidence.

Alyson had seen his morning piss-hards many times, and it took a few moments before he realized she thought he was holding it in pain rather than trying to hide it in embarrassment. It was then that he noticed Mary standing there trying to control a smirk. He felt the heat as his face flush deep crimson and saw Mary lose her struggle with the smirk that grew into a grin. Does she know?

"Go on," she said. "Go pee."

As he slipped out the back door he heard Alyson ask in a quiet, worried voice, "Is he hurt?"

"Only his pride," Mary said in a normal voice before she opened the other shutters.

It's not my pride, it's my honor, he thought. He worried that concept all the way to the outhouse and halfway back, when Alyson stepped out the back door to go relieve herself. She hadn't been aware what had happened. He forced himself to act natural. It's hard to be natural when you're trying to appear so, he realized.

"I didn't get a chance to say good morning," she said, standing on tiptoes, tilting her face up, and holding her arms out.

"Good morning." He puckered his lips as he bent down. They had no "G'morning, Pixie" routine, but occasionally, in odd situations such as these, they did the four-second humming kiss. "Now," he said as they broke apart. "The day's finally off to a good start."

She frowned and rubbed his cheek with her hand. "Shaving day," she announced.

Doug smiled at her no-nonsense command tone. "Just for you," he said The number of disposable razors was limited. He was trying to stretch the supply by shaving every third or fourth day and reusing them, since he had no idea how long they'd be stranded. He'd been beardless for so long that he found even the idea of a beard uncomfortable now. "Want to explore today?" He jerked his head toward the forest beyond the outhouse.

Her brown eyes brightened. "Yes! I'm tired of cleaning and fishing." She grabbed his shoulders and pulled him down for a quick kiss. "Thank you."

He tousled her hair. "We all need a break."

He took two steps toward the cabin before she stopped him. With her head down she spoke in a soft, hesitant voice. "I love you, Daddy. I'm sorry I made you fall out of bed." Before he could think of a response she turned toward the privy, her head still down.

He moved quickly to the cabin and through the small bedroom. His wife was cutting up the fruit for their breakfast. "Mary! What did you tell her?" His tone was accusatory.

She looked up, down long enough to slice another banana into four sections, and back to him. "I told her you'd awakened in an amorous mood and forgotten who was lying next to you until it was too late."

"You didn't!"

She put the banana pieces on the platter and turned to place it on the table. "No, I didn't. I told her you weren't hurt except for your pride." With the platter in place she looked back at him, fingertips poised on her hips. "I thought you heard that."

He pointed toward the rear, his hand showing a slight tremor. "Alyson ... She just said ... You must have said something else to her. What was it?"

Mary shook her head and looked as if she were trying not to laugh. "Oh, Doug." She stepped around the table and squeezed him tightly. "She's thirteen years old, Doug. She's not a baby any more."

His body stiffened in her arms. "So what was it you said?" he asked with a quiet voice cloaked in suspicion.

He felt a small chuckle ripple through her as she rubbed her cheek against his shoulder. "That's my point. Nothing. She's quite capable of thinking for herself. She's been blessed with intelligence genes from both of us, and she knows how to use them. You certainly gave her enough clues."

"Clues?" He gently took her shoulders in his hands and pushed her upper body back until he could look her in the eye. "What clues?"

She gave him the standard Patient Wife Dealing with Clueless Husband look and shook her head. "Maybe she got those genes only from me. I tell you what." Her right arm relaxed, and she brought that hand around to grasp his flaccid love tool and stroke it. "You get this thing up again because I need it. Right now, right here."

"What clues?"

Alyson sat with her nose wrinkled. Even with the gaps between the rough, gray boards providing ventilation, the outhouse smelled worse than the bathroom at the Cleft of Venus bookstore. Alyson knew how that one smelled because Annette Grolsch was doing one of the attendants there, and he'd let them in the back door to look around before it opened one morning. The bathroom had been so filthy she'd been afraid to sit on the toilet seat. Instead she'd hovered above it to pee. But at least it had toilet paper and not plant leaves.

She was glad Daddy had picked fresh leaves from the bushes behind the drafty little building. She could just imagine using half-dried leaves and them crumbling and her getting poop on her fingers. Yuk!

She wiped the best she could and then left for a quick cleansing dip in the lagoon. As she stepped out the door her mind drifted back to her father. She still wasn't over the hurt of being relegated to the far side of the bed. They used to play a game to see which of them would sleep in the middle until she got her own room. Occasionally there were times, such as camping trips, when they'd all sleep together in one tent and they'd play odd/even, or rock/scissors/paper, or some other quick game to see who got the middle.

As she passed by the kitchen window she heard her mother exhaling in short, explosive bursts, a sound that could mean only one thing. She glanced inside. Mom was facing the bedroom and leaning forward with her head down, resting her hands on top of the table. Daddy was standing behind Mom, his head tilted back, grasping her by the hips and slamming his long, rigid pole up into her, over and over in almost a blur. Alyson got an occasional momentary glimpse of the glistening tanned shaft.

Mom's head snapped back, her eyes squeezed shut and face pulled together in a grimace as a sound tried to fight its way out of her throat. When it finally rushed out, Mom's eyes popped open. They seemed to move sideways toward her, but then her head dropped again and they vanished behind a curtain of fallen hair.

Maybe Mom had seen her? She started for the water again and discovered that she had to remove her fingers from her crotch to walk. She didn't remember reaching for her clitty, wasn't even aware that she was rubbing it with a fingertip, but did realize that she'd been enjoying the feelings spreading out from it.

Maybe that was it! Maybe Daddy wanted Mom in the middle of the bed so they could do it while she was asleep. They never had any time alone together. Maybe if she'd disappear for a while every day, give them time to do it in privacy, then she could sleep in the middle once in a while. Or Daddy could. She always felt comfortable and safe when he was next to her, protecting her from ghosts and animals in the dark, even if they were just lying back-to-back. Just his touch made her feel safe and loved. She missed that feeling. She missed it even more than she missed all of her things back home put together.

She waded into the blue water south of the dock until she was thigh deep and then lowered herself into the water. She washed her butt and then scooped sand to scrub her hands and fingers clean. She washed her body, arms, and legs, spending a few extra seconds on her clitty, then dipped her head under and scrubbed her hair. After she was finished, she would wade to where the stream flowed into the lagoon and rinse the salt water out of her hair.

She'd give almost anything for some of her coconut oil-based bath soap and shampoo. But she'd give up that if she could just sleep next to Daddy more often. It hurt her terribly to think that she might have been the cause of the argument on the boat, and now he didn't want to be next to her because of that. Maybe he'd seen her watching and had said something to Mom, and they'd argued over how to punish her. Or maybe Mom had seen her watching and that had started the argument.

It was very possible that Mom had seen her this time, too. A chill swept over her and churned her stomach as the realized that she might have just started another fight. What if they were going to yell at each other again, and it was all her fault? She didn't hear any yelling in the house, but maybe they'd already started arguing and just hadn't gotten loud yet. Hot tears streamed down her cheeks and cold worms wriggled in her stomach. She wanted to throw up.

Were they going to punish her now? Would they make her sleep on the cot, where she couldn't snuggle with either of them and feel safe on this awful island? The mosquito netting didn't cover the cot, too. Would she have to lie there, alone except for the bugs crawling over her and biting her all night long? Did Daddy fall out of bed this morning because he'd found her next to himself and was so disgusted with her that he couldn't wait to get away from her?

Did he...

"Aly?"

She jerked and spun her head around. She hadn't heard Mom wading toward her, but there she was just a couple of yards away, the inside tops of her legs glistening with slime that had to be Daddy's stuff, and her face twisted in concern. Or was it maybe anger? Alyson turned her head back toward the opening in the atoll and tried to wash the tears from her face.

Mom knelt to her left and wrapped a warm, loving arm around her shoulders. She guessed Mom wasn't the one who wanted to punish her. Maybe Daddy would make her sleep on the cot in the main room now, not even in the bedroom. She exploded in tears, turned, and buried her face in her mother's neck, her body shaking with her sobs.

Mom's arms wrapped around her, the upper hand lifting to stroke her wet hair. "It's okay, Aly. They'll find us soon. We won't be here much longer. Maybe just a few more days. We'll manage that long. We could last a lot longer than it will take them to find us. Okay? We'll be fine." It was the same quiet comforting that Mom had used when Alyson was a scared child. Only this time Mom didn't understand how the cold worms were wriggling away. She had to get the guilt out of her system.

"It's ... not ... that," she said, gasping for breath between each word. "I'm ... I'm ... so ... sorry!" The grief exploded and her whole body shook with her crying. It was a minute before she could answer her puzzled mother's question.

"I'm sorry ... I watched you ... and made ... made you ... fight and ... and made Daddy ... mad at me!"

She squeezed Mom tightly, as if she were afraid that, now that it was out in the open, Mom might get up and leave her alone out here in the water. But instead Mom squeezed her tightly, too. "You didn't make us fight, honey. Do you mean the other night on the boat? Before the storm?"

Alyson nodded her head, unable to control her crying long enough to answer.

She felt a gentle kiss on her shoulder. "Honey, you didn't cause that fight, I did."

Alyson fought for control and sniffed. "Then ... then why's ... Daddy ... mad at me?"

"Aly, Daddy's not mad at you. What makes you think he is?"

"He doesn't let ... anybody but ... you ... sleep ... in the middle." She had tried to keep her voice normal, but the last had come out in a high-pitched squeal. Her body began shaking with her crying again. She felt Mom's body begin to shake as she joined her daughter in her tears.

Only...

Mom wasn't crying, she was laughing. She was trying to hold it back and couldn't.

"I'm not laughing at you, Aly," Mom said in a giggle fit. "Honest. I'm laughing at your father. But you do have it all wrong."

She got her crying under control and looked up. Mom's eyes were half-closed in laughter, but Alyson could see love and caring and honesty deep within them. She couldn't get the words out, but Mom understood.

"One of his arguments was that you were too grown up now and wouldn't want to sleep next to him. He wouldn't listen to me."

The thought was enough to make her start crying again. "Daddy ... thought I ... didn't love him ... anymore?"

"No! Oh, no, honey. He was looking for an excuse, and that was the best he could think of."

"I don't ... understand."

"Do you know what really happened this morning?"

Alyson nodded. She dipped a hand in the salt water and used it to wash away the salty tears. "He had a bo ... uh, an, uh, erection. And he fell out of bed and hurt it, but he didn't want me to know, so he tried to hide it. I guess he thought I'd worry about him."

Mom used a gentle fingertip to push back a wet rope of hair that had fallen down Alyson's forehead. "Remind me to trim your bangs when we go back to the cabin." She dropped her hand and smiled while Alyson nodded. "You're partly right. He did have a boner and he did try to hide it, but not from you because he hurt it. He was trying to hide it from me."

Alyson wasn't all that comfortable discussing sex with her mother, but she wanted to know--had to know--why Daddy was acting so strange. "I don't understand," she admitted with a shake of her head.

Mom smiled at her, as if telling her not to be nervous. "Aly, when do you think he got that boner?"

Alyson's eyes shifted to the cabin, the dock, anywhere but to Mom's eyes. "Well, he sometimes wakes up with one."

"Honey, men usually wake up with one, especially if they need to go pee. It's the way they're made. So he woke up with a boner. What do you think happened next?"

Alyson frowned at the center of the dock. "I guess he tried to get up without waking us and fell out of bed and then hurt it. But, you said he didn't hurt it."

"So if he didn't hurt it, why did he hide it? This time of all times." Mom waited while Alyson thought about that, then hinted, "What was different this morning from all the other mornings?"

Alyson thought a little longer. Mom was always doing something like this instead of just answering her questions. After a minute she shrugged. "Other than me sleeping in the middle, I can't think of anything."

Mom raised her eyebrows, cocked her head slightly, and nodded toward Alyson. It meant, That's the right answer. Now what? Alyson thought a few moments longer. Her head snapped toward her mother. "You mean he wasn't awake all the way and thought I was you?"

Mom smiled. "He won't tell me, but I think that's what happened. It embarrassed him, and he thought that by hiding his boner I wouldn't guess what had happened. Of course, that's the one thing he shouldn't have done if he didn't want me to know."

Alyson wondered if she were being accused of causing the problem. The boner. "Mother, I didn't do anything, honest. I was asleep..."

"Honey, you're not listening or thinking again. I said he usually wakes up with one, he wasn't awake, and he thought I was next to him. I didn't say you did anything, because you didn't need to do anything. He did it while half asleep, and then he woke up to find himself playing with one of your boobies or your butt or your pussy."

Alyson blushed at the last word because Mom had never used it with her before. "However," Mom continued, "since he was trying to hide his boner it's most likely he was humping it against your butt, though he might have been trying to fuck you with it."

Alyson's face felt like it had suddenly sunburned, and she couldn't look at her mother's eyes. At the same time she felt her clitty throb with the demand for attention at the thought of her father's big, beautiful boner sliding across her butt or between her folds and up into her eager body. Except...

"Mom, he didn't! Well, maybe he rubbed it on my butt while I was asleep. But he didn't put it in me. Honest!" The words tumbled out in a rush. "There wasn't any pain at all."

Mom gave her the oddest look. "Pain?"

"You know. The first time," she murmured, lowering her head and watching the water splashing between the small cones of her breasts as her face heated again.

Mom moved from kneeling to a seated position beside Alyson, but the odd look remained. "Honey, that won't happen because you're not a virgin any more."

"Yes I am! Honest! I've never done it with anyone before, I promise!"

"Yes, but you've..." Mom's eyes grew wide and her mouth gaped like a fish's. "You haven't? You've never done it with Timmy?"

Alyson shook her head. "No! I promise, Mother. Honest!"

"Well, I'll be dipped in shit." That had been one of Grandpa Gorshin's expressions. Alyson never heard Mom say it except when she was really and truly surprised. "We thought you had."

"No! I'm still a ... virgin." She didn't mean to hesitate on that last word. They had thought that she and Timmy had done it? Did that mean they were disappointed now or that they had been disappointed before? When Mom had told her that they didn't care if she had sex as long as she didn't end up diseased, pregnant, or over her head emotionally, had they been ordering her to ... to do it?

Mom smiled. "I don't know why I'm surprised. Your father and I were slow starters, too. But, honey, even if you haven't had sex with a boy, you busted your cherry--lost your hymen?--some time ago. You probably lost it to one of your homemade dildos."

Alyson was about to admit she knew what a "busted cherry" was, but the last sentence astounded her. She felt her eyes go wide and her mouth sag despite her efforts to prevent it. "You know about those?" Now her face was so hot she expected to see steam rising.

Mom wrapped an arm around her shoulders and squeezed her again. It felt really warm and loving. "I wish I'd had that toothpaste cylinder when I was your age. Of course, by then I had your father for relief. And most of the other boys in the commune."

Alyson squirmed with the discomfort of the sudden tack of the conversation.

"I'll bet," Mom continued, "those candles in the cabin aren't as good as that cylinder, unless you're using more than one at a time."

Those too? "How ... How did..."

"When you're a mother, you'll know everything, too." Mom smiled. "Actually..." She paused for a second while her hand moved under the water and then rose above it. She showed Alyson a short, curly brown hair. "This is thick and coarse. It isn't what I found on a candle day before yesterday."

Alyson wanted to duck under the water and bury herself like a clam.

Mom hugged again. "It's okay, honey. Actually, while you were fishing and Daddy was working on the signal fire, I was getting one for the same reason."

"Mommmm!" She put on her best Shocked Daughter Dealing with Disgusting Parents look. She couldn't believe Mom was telling her this!

Mom just laughed. "If it makes you that uncomfortable, I'll change the subject. But I'll get you a vibrator after we get back home. You'll like that whenever you don't have Timmy around."

A thousand thoughts collided in her head. A vibrator? Thinking about that must have been what caused her to lose control of her tongue. "I can't do Timmy. I'm afraid of the pain." Damn! She hoped that she had said the words too softly for Mom to hear.

She hadn't.

That odd look was back on Mom's face. "Pain? Honey, you've already lost your cherry. What pain are..." Her face turned positively purple. "Has Timmy tried to hurt you? Has he?"

"No!" She didn't know how to get out of this one, so she finally decided to tell all.

"Aly, the pain is from having your hymen ruptured, and some girls barely notice it. Unless the boy tries to enter you when you're dry, there's not any other pain."

"But Crystal and Harmony said..." She stopped and felt the frown pull her thin eyebrows together.

Mom made a weird smile with half her mouth and nodded. "Crystal and Harmony. Uh huh. But nobody else has mentioned it, right?"

"Well, no. But Crystal and Harmony said that everyone else would..." Oh! She didn't know whether to feel angry or embarrassed for being such a fool. She settled for being the most embarrassed she'd ever been in her life. She could be mad later when she saw the two witches. Her sudden tears flooded her already wet cheeks. She tried to turn her head to hide her crying.

Mom wrapped her arms around her and said in a soft, gentle voice, "I wish I could tell your father about this because he keeps insisting that boys play much rougher than girls. But I won't. It'll just be our secret. Okay?"

Alyson's throat was so tight she was sure she sounded like a mouse. "You won't tell anybody?"

Mom chuckled. "When I was twelve I was as flat as desert pavement. Melinda Coldwater, Mrs. Peck, was already growing tits. Hers were twice the size yours are now. God, how I wanted to have boobs too. So Melinda told me the secret of how she made hers grow. 'Lollipop, ' she said, 'it's very simple. You just catch a female mouse, milk it until you have half a teaspoonful, and drink it. Works every time.' I think I threw up before it ever reached my stomach."

Alyson couldn't help laughing, but she felt terrible for doing so. Fortunately Mom joined her. Aly was curious. "But you're still friends?"

"And you'll still be friends with Crystal and Harmony. You know, not long after that happened I finally realized that 'Lollipop' was another name for 'Sucker.' I sure was that day. But Melinda has never told anyone else, so only the three of us know. If I ever tell your secret, then you can tell mine. Okay?"

Alyson smiled and nodded. "But now you call her 'Lollipop.'"

Mom released her and stretched like an awakening cat. "That's because Melinda is a world-class cocksucker. But I mean that in the good sense of the word."

That was the second most embarrassed Alyson had ever been.
Chapter 5
Home - Top


Home « Russell Hoisington's Page « G'Night Pixie (the Original Story Concept) Index « Previous - Settings
Chapter 5: Exploring
Posted: August 04, 2009 - 04:34:02 pm

Clean-shaven, Doug dumped the bowl of hot water down the sink drain, where it flowed through the new bamboo pipe to a sump in the sand beneath the cabin. It was better than dry shaving, but some soap would have enhanced the experience. Mary had already trimmed Alyson's bangs. "Are we ready?" he asked after putting the razor in a cabinet.

Mary and Alyson moved to either side of him and stroked his cheeks and neck. He felt the fingers of both drag over minute rough spots. Something was different between those two, but he couldn't identify what was different, much less guess why.

"I don't know," Mary said with a frown. "What do you say, Aly?"

Alyson assumed the standard Patient Female Dealing with a Hopeless Male look, complete with Put-Upon Sigh. "If we have him do it over, we'll never get to go exploring. I guess we'll just have to live with him."

"I guess."

The two began giggling. Doug wondered if he should go check the level of the bottle of rum he'd found in the file cabinet, but Alyson rose on her tiptoes and each of his women kissed a cheek. And both rubbed their tits on his arms. He quickly corrected that thought: Mary had rubbed her tits on one arm, but Alyson had merely brushed her tits--her breasts--against the other one. Somehow that correction made things worse instead of better.

All wore deck shoes and belts with sheathed knives. Aly's belt was leather. Doug and Mary wore cloth-wrapped nylon rope with small pouches attached. They gathered the three canvas "shopping bags" Doug had made to replace two rotted ones and trekked out the back door, pausing on the porch for Alyson to retie one of her shoes while Doug retrieved the machete from a wall peg. When all were ready they disappeared into the trees beyond the outhouse. They followed the wide, shallow, freshwater stream for a hundred yards, then crossed it on stepping stones that Welch apparently had put in the water. They followed a path Doug had explored across the gently rising, undulating ground to the wide empty space where the tornado had cut across the island.

The space was empty only by comparison. It was littered with shattered tree stumps and debris from the powerful storm. Brightly colored birds chased insects across the expanse. "Watch your step out there," he cautioned. "You can twist an ankle or ram a piece of wood through your shoe and your foot if you aren't careful. And we don't have adequate medical facilities."

They stood silently for a few moments, awed by the might of the winds that had devastated this section of tropical forest. Those same winds had thrown a tree through the side of their boat a quarter-mile out to sea, over a mile from this location. Because of the open area they could see the nearby steep foothills looming like miniature mountains several hundred feet into the western sky and blocking their view of the higher peaks beyond. Alyson dubbed the path of destruction "The Tornado Freeway."

Doug led them across a path he'd marked to the trees on the far side. After that point they were in unexplored territory. "Be careful," he said.

"I will, Daddy."

He knew that. Fear of getting a splinter would keep Alyson alert. His remark was really aimed at the winner three years past of the Braeden-Seaforth Award for Botanical Research.

The winner gave him her usual sidelong "I know what I'm doing" look.

"I'm open to suggestions," he said, looking into the thick tropical forest fanning one hundred eighty degrees before him.

"Up."

Doug and Alyson turned their heads to Mary, who was shading her eyes and peering at the canopy above. She looked at Alyson for a moment, said, "Yeah," and reached into her "shopping bag." She brought out a length of nylon rope with a loop at one end. She whirled it overhead and whipped the end forward, causing it to wrap around the trunk. She marked the spot she wanted and knotted a temporary second loop at that point.

Mary kissed the others, took a loop in each hand, and started walking up the trunk, shifting the rope upward as she went.

"Daddy, what did she mean by that?"

"Why are you asking me?"

Alyson chuckled. "Yeah." They found a comfortable log and watched the pretty birds darting about while others sang strange, lyrical songs from the trees.

Mary returned with a wide smile and a spike of pinkish flowers with small white and yellow spots fastened behind her left ear. She reached into the bag and pulled out a similar one plus a short length of thin vine. "Bromeliads," she explained and with a deft touch wove it into Alyson's hair behind her left ear.

Doug gaped at her. "You went all the way up there for some flowers?"

Mary glared at him. "It's for your daughter," she snapped.

He saw how delighted Alyson looked and felt the total fool. "And she looks quite lovely with them," he said with what he hoped wasn't a sheepish smile. "So do you."

"While you're trying to talk your way out of trouble, look in the large can in the bag."

Doug withdrew a large clump of moss protecting three beige eggs the size of small chicken eggs.

"Tomorrow's breakfast," she explained, finishing the braid and using the vine to keep it from unravelling.

He hesitated, wondering if they were just yolks and whites or almost developed birds. "Um, Mare, what if these aren't ... fresh?"

Mary took the can and crammed the moss into place. "Gee, Doug, I guess I never thought of that, since I've never spent weeks at a time in a place like this learning anything. I just laid around and watched tropical television while everyone else did all the work."

"Sorry. I guess I wasn't thinking."

She shook her head and looked at Alyson, who hadn't moved. "It's finished, honey."

Alyson jumped up and down with glee. "Daddy, can I see the mirror?"

He removed the signal mirror from a pouch and handed it to her.

"Oh, Mother! It's wonderful! Thank you!" She gave her mother a big squeeze, then turned the sprig toward Doug.

"Prettiest pixie I ever saw," he said as she threw her arms around his neck. She was still jumping up and down, and the feel of those firm little cones brushing against his chest stirred feelings he didn't want stirred. When she stepped back and handed him the mirror he noticed her nipples were erect. He immediately diverted his attention to carefully putting the mirror back into its pouch, sandwiched between two thin strips of protective wood.

When he finished he looked toward Mary. She pointed and said, "Produce is this way."

When they reached the embankment the clouds had begun gathering and they were ascending a moderate slope. The area looked as if someone had sliced vertically through the earth and pushed everything on this side down seven feet. It ran as far as they could see to either side. "Turn back now?" Doug asked.

"We have another hour," Mary said. "Let's see what's higher up."

Doug backed up to the embankment, squatted, and laced his fingers together. "Pixies first," he said. Alyson grinned and put one foot in his hands, steadying herself with her hands on his shoulders. He straightened his legs and lifted with his hands. She also straightened and used her hands against the dark embankment for balance.

As the heart-shaped brown curls passed his face, his nose caught a faint hint of her feminine fragrance. He wanted to look away, but it wasn't safe to do so.

She lifted her leg to place her foot on the top of the embankment, bringing her plump outer labia into view. As she placed her foot on the upper bank they parted to show their moist inner surfaces and the mouth of her vagina. When she put her weight on the upper foot that mouth opened. He tried to tell himself it was the same thing he'd seen when he gave her a gynecological exam a year earlier, but even for a nudist this view in a tropical island setting was far more erotic than the same view in a clinical examination room. Her pheromones weren't helping, either. Alyson straightened her leg and rose from his hands. Her open slit winked shut and then vanished as her legs came together.

He looked at Mary. She was grinning at his dick, which had swollen enough to indicate four o'clock instead of six. "Want me to take care of that before you go up?" she asked, circling her lips with her tongue.

"No," he snapped.

She shoved a finger into her slit and rubbed a few times, cooing at him, but gave up when he ignored her. She shrugged. "Your loss."

He helped her up the embankment and handed up the shopping bags and machete. Mary fastened one rope around a tree and dropped the end over the edge. He used it to walk up the vertical wall, accompanied by gentle applause from his audience. He bowed, then took the machete to hack a blaze mark into the side of a tree.

A hundred yards later a dip in the land directed the flow of a stream toward the southwest. A small yellow-striped blue lizard sat atop a mossy log and watched them settle beside the stream before scurrying away on urgent lizard business elsewhere, just as the afternoon shower began. The overhead leaves provided impact protection from the shower. The water that pattered on them was cool and comforting after their exertion. They drank from the bubbling stream and seated themselves on a broad mossy patch a few feet from the water.

As Mary doled out the fruit and nuts onto napkin-like cloth squares for a quick lunch Alyson looked around at the picturesque wooded glen. "Daddy, this is beautiful. Can we come back here some day?"

He flicked his eyes to Mary in surprise and found hers wide and staring back at him. "I don't see why not. Do you really like it?"

"Yeah. I wish we had some place this pretty back home. It makes the campground at the lake look blah. Eek!" A six-inch centipede crawled from beneath the lizard's log and scurried toward her in a flutter of legs. It turned aside and went up the slope to disappear under a pile of decaying leaves, but not before Alyson had rolled sideways and jumped into Doug's lap. "Daddy!"

Both parents laughed. "Now that's a centipede with one amazing sense of comedic timing," Mary observed.

Doug agreed and then noticed the warm, moist heat where she was sitting on his thigh. Damn it! What the hell's the matter with me? he wondered. Mary's got me thinking of my own daughter as a sex object, and I said I wouldn't do that anymore. He gave Alyson a slight nudge. "I think it's safe for you to get up now."

The sudden look of hurt in her narrow eyes surprised him. "Yes, sir," she said as she rose. The formal response was another surprise. She shuffled head down the few feet to the edge of the stream and stood there in the rain with her back to him, her shoulders trembling.

I swear, I'll never understand women. He glanced to Mary. She was unexpectedly glaring at him and starting to rise. When she was upright her eyes softened as they shifted to Alyson, and she moved beside her daughter. She put an arm around Aly's shoulders and spoke to her in a soft voice. The sound carried to Doug's ears, but not the words.

His daughter said something, then tilted her head back to let the rain land on her face. She washed her face with her fingertips while Mary returned to sit cross-legged beside Doug. "We still have about six hours until bedtime," she said in a quiet voice.

Doug knew very well how to translate that: "You still have about six hours to fuck up some more."

"What did I do?" he asked in a whisper.

She gathered the corners of one cloth and handed him his lunch. Her eyes turned as cold as her whispered voice. "This time you chose to reject her when she needed you."

Reject her? This time?

"Honey, your lunch is ready when you are," she said and began eating in silence, letting Doug think about her words.

Alyson nodded, wiped her eyes, and returned. She took a seat on the opposite side of Mary from himself. It had appeared to be a deliberate destination, chosen after she started walking. The mossy ground stopped where Mary was sitting. Alyson perched herself on another log, took the makeshift cloth bag, and also ate in silence.

Doug wanted to speak, but he was afraid that anything he said would make things even worse since he didn't understand the problem. The brief rain tapered to a stop and still he didn't know. He was so deep in thought he didn't notice the sound before the other two stood and rushed into the stream, peering upward.

Airplane engine.

He scrambled to his feet and rushed into the stream, fumbling for the signal mirror. But the sun was still behind the clouds. He looked to the small gap nearest the sun and tried to calculate whether it would expose the sun in time for him to use his mirror. A small single engine plane with pontoons crossed the gap and disappeared.

"Do you think he saw the SOS sign?" Alyson asked in a hesitant voice.

"Possibly," Mary said, trying to will the plane to cross the gap again.

"But not likely," Doug added. "Unless there are gaps in the clouds over the beach. He's already past it and probably won't be looking backward."

Mary's head swiveled to gape at Doug, unable to believe he'd said that, and then to Alyson, expecting to see her in tears.

"Oh," Alyson said softly. Her shoulders drooped slightly as she relaxed. And that was all.

They spotted a patch of mushrooms just before the Tornado Freeway. Mary pronounced them not only safe but wonderfully flavored. While they added some to their shopping bags a large butterfly with metallic blue, black, and gold wings floated around a tree in front of Alyson. She whispered to the others to not move and watched as it landed on her arm. Its tiny feet tickled as its proboscis uncurled and tapped her arm, sipping her sweat for the salt. Her eyes widened in delight and a broad smile spread, making her apple cheeks even more prominent. She watched the butterfly turn a circle, open and close its wings for a few seconds, and launch itself to rise in a shaft of sunlight and disappear overhead.

"Wow!" she whispered and spent the next minute in immobile silence in case it returned.

A bright red four-inch feather lay atop a small bush. Doug put his shopping bag down, plucked the feather, and held it up in the hand with the machete, straightening and smoothing it with the fingers of his free hand. "There," he said, turning to Alyson. "Would you like it as a necklace or an arm band?"

She couldn't have looked more pleased--or more surprised, he noted--if he'd said she could learn to drive and have her own car as soon as they returned. "Necklace?"

"Done. We'll wash it in the stream first, in case it has mites."

Her pert nose wrinkled. "Okay."

Movement on the trail behind Mary caught his eye and he shushed them. "Turn very slowly and look about ten feet down the trail," he whispered.

A small mouse sat on its haunches and studied them in return. Mary and Alyson glanced sideways at each other and started giggling. The mouse scampered off when they doubled over in laughter.

I swear, I'll never understand women.

Doug had seen Mary obstinate before, but by comparison she'd been as pliable as pottery clay. This time she was as firm as the fired ceramic. She locked her fingers behind his neck and pulled his head down until they were eye to eye in the waning light. She spoke slowly and very distinctly, as if to a misbehaving child. "You are sleeping in the middle tonight, or you're sleeping on the cot, and that's final."

"But Alyson..."

She gave him two heartbeats to think of the words. "Alyson what?"

He blinked, wondering how to put it. "She doesn't need to be sleeping next to a man at her age. She probably doesn't want me sleeping next to her."

Her eyes told him that wasn't the right answer, not by a long shot. "Doug, I didn't marry an idiot. Don't turn into one now."

"What do you..."

"She's adapting remarkably well to being stranded here, don't you think? 'Can we come back here some day?' This place has memories of missing death by seconds, almost drowning, being lost in the forest, being stranded with no idea of when she'll be rescued, no contact with her friends, no pizza, no music, no toilet paper, none of the things she's accustomed to, and yet she still wants to come back to it. I'm not a pediatrician, I'm just a mother, but I find that pretty fuckin' unbelievable, don't you?"

He hadn't thought about it, but he had to agree she was right. "But so what?" he added.

His wife's glare softened into a look that, in other circumstances, he'd have said was one of pity. Her voice was little more than a whisper. "I was just wondering whether she wants to come back despite the fact, or because of the fact, that this is the place where her father rejected her."

Doug shook his head and blinked, trying to make sense of feminine logic. "You keep saying that I've rejected her."

She released her fingers and let him straighten. "That's because you keep rejecting her. As soon as the centipede leaves, you don't ask her if she's ready to get up. You don't even ask if she's okay. You just eject her from where she felt safe, protected by someone she thought loved her, as if she's a squatter on your land."

He was aghast at the implication. "Mare, that's not..."

Heat began creeping into Mary's voice as she raised an arm toward the lagoon. "She was out there crying this morning because she couldn't guess what she'd done to make you so mad at her so that you wouldn't let her near you at night. She's probably out there crying into her diving mask, trying to guess why you'd rejected her again this afternoon, and thinking that I'm an idiot for telling her you still loved her."

Mary wasn't making sense. "But I do love her, Mare! I even made her that necklace out of the feather to show her." He pointed to the table where the just-completed object lay next to the small toolbox and Alyson's bromeliad sprig.

The heat in Mary's voice was offset by the cold in her glare. "She's not a materialist, Doug. While she accepts objects as signs of love, she doesn't equate them with love. All the complaining about what she's missing is mostly an act, you know. You saw the true Alyson just before you rejected her this afternoon."

Doug fought to keep his voice steady. Mary would listen if you reasoned with her, but not if you argued. "Please stop saying I rejected her. Please."

"You won't let her sleep next to you for comfort or reassurance except when it's storming and she's scared half to death. And then when you finally do give in, the first thing you do when you wake up and find her there is fall out of bed trying to get away from her, simply because you had an erection and humped her butt before you woke up enough to know what you were doing."

He was surprised to feel the color draining from his face. He rather thought that he'd have blushed himself to death if Mary ever found out. Oh, my god! he thought. Aly was awake and felt me do it! He wanted to run into the woods. "I wasn't awake," he protested.

"I said that."

"I didn't know Aly was awake."

"She wasn't."

Then how... He frowned at her. "You were awake?"

"No."

He shook his head, trying to align the pieces of the jigsaw puzzle. Nothing made sense except the thought that she was again on a fishing expedition. "Then how did you know I humped her butt?"

"Because I used my head for something besides an ear separator today, that's how."

He'd been afraid that would be her answer, though he couldn't put the pieces together. He started to ask but noticed it was growing dark outside. Alyson would return from skin diving at any moment.

"Mare, it's not proper for a thirteen-year-old girl to sleep next to a grown man."

"Really? When I was thirteen you didn't complain about all the grown men I slept next to, even when they were buried in my twat up to their balls. Or when I was fourteen, or fifteen, or..."

"She's my daughter.

"One of those men was my father. Okay, fine, look: if you want to grow conventional morals, we can talk about that after we're rescued. But," she jabbed his chest with a forefinger, "goddamnit, you owe her an explanation. You want to say she's your daughter? Then treat her like she's a human being with feelings and intelligence and not like she's your pet fucking dog!"

Doug sighed. No, he hadn't given Aly any explanation. He'd have been confused himself under those circumstances. Now he understood Alyson's actions as well as Mary's "You're right. As soon as she gets back I'll have a talk with her."

Mary emphasized each word with a finger jab. "You're. Not. Listening. To. Me." Her eyes searched his as if seeking a spark of intelligence. "Tomorrow. Tonight you take the middle of the bed because she needs to be next to you even more than she needed it during last night's storm. Understand?"

He sighed. "Not completely, but it can wait. Okay?"

Mary threw her arms about him and squeezed, turning her face up. He glued his mouth to hers and returned the squeeze as bare feet slapped across the front porch and stopped in the door.

"Do you want me to go back to the beach and let you be alone?"

"No," Doug said. "I want you here with me." Mary's gentle tightening of her arms about him told him he'd said the right thing for a change. He looked up to see her clutching her mask, snorkel, and fins in her right hand and something small in her left. "What do you have there?"

"Look!" she said, dropping her diving gear by the door. In her open hand rested a two-inch red-and-white shell spiraled about its long axis. "It's the most perfect one I've ever seen."

"So it is," Doug agreed. "You know, that necklace needs a weight at the bottom of the feather to keep it from tipping over."

Alyson's eyes sparkled in the twilight. "You finished it?"

He indicated the table with a flick of his head. "I wouldn't want to keep my Pixie waiting."

She looked, gave him a quick kiss, one that landed mostly on his chin, and turned to pick up the necklace. She held the ends of the nylon thong together behind her neck and let the feather rest against her chest. "Can you put the shell on without hurting it? If you can't, I'll find another shell. I don't want to damage that one."

"Maybe," Doug said, starting to position the shell against the bottom of the feather. He froze when he saw that it was between her firm tanned cones and their erect nipples. "Um..."

Mary's head tilted down, and she stared at him from under her eyebrows.

"It's too dark to tell now. I'll see about it first thing in the morning."

"Okay!" Alyson bounced on her toes in glee, and Mary raised her face to give him a gentle smile. Apparently he'd stumbled into the right thing again.

From the middle of the bed Doug watched Alyson wiggle her head into the pillow and grin so broadly that her round cheeks threatened to push her eyes shut. "G'night, Mom," she said and puckered to receive Mary's kiss. "I love you."

"Good night, honey. I love you, too," Mary said as she rose from her knees. "Don't let the mosquitoes bite."

As Mary adjusted the netting and went around to her side of the bed, Alyson turned a beaming face that seemed to glow in the reflected moonlight to her father. Doug thought he heard a tiny giggle, as if she were happy.

His right hand brushed aside her trimmed bangs. He kissed her forehead, then ran the side of his index finger down her square jaw. "G'night, Pixie."

She grinned even wider, puckered, and made the two soft grunts. He pressed his lips to hers.

"MmmmmmmmMAH!"

"G'night, Daddy. I love you. Thank you."

"You're welcome," he said, wondering if he were being thanked for the necklace, sleeping in the middle, or something else. But Alyson was happy, and he didn't need to know right now.

He still hadn't decided how he was going to sleep. He finally opted to turn onto his right side and wrap his upper arm and leg over Mary. He'd keep his dick safely and innocently next to Mary all night if she'd let him. To his relief, she didn't object. He felt Alyson spoon up behind him. She threw her left arm over his chest and wiggled into a comfortable position. He felt a warm dampness as she kissed him between his shoulder blades and whispered, "I love you." Her breathing became slow and regular in mere seconds.

Doug sat at the table, resting his chin on his left fist and clutching a glass of coconut milk in his right hand. Alyson was right. Any attempt to attach the shell to the necklace with the tools and techniques available would surely damage it. He rose and took it to the mantel. It would be safe there until they were rescued.

He heard Mary enter. He turned as she dripped her way through the door and took a seat at the table, reaching for his half-full glass.

"If I dripped water through the house like that, my wife would kill me."

She grinned. "Think you married the wrong woman?"

"No." He nodded to the door. "How'd it go?"

Mary drank half the remaining coconut milk in one pull and wiped her lips. "The bromeliad had an extremely quick burial at sea, and now she's looking for a replacement shell."

"Well, I hope she..."

The prolonged, sharp scream from the lagoon wasn't one of fear but one of pain.
Chapter 6
Home - Top


Home « Russell Hoisington's Page « G'Night Pixie (the Original Story Concept) Index « Previous - Settings
Chapter 6: G'Night
Posted: August 04, 2009 - 04:34:02 pm

Alyson was lying at the edge of the water, holding her left foot and screaming. Her breakfast lay splashed on the sand beside her. Her deck shoes sat a few feet inland. While Doug examined Alyson's foot, Mary washed the vomit from the girl's lips, cheek, and chin.

"Small puncture wound," he said. "Inflammation setting in. Something protruding. Honey! Alyson! Where did it happen?"

He had to repeat the question. She managed get out that it happened a few feet seaward from where she lay. He left her with Mary and waded out. It was easy to spot, but the waves were erasing the disturbance in the sandy bottom. He poked with the toe of his shoe for a moment but found nothing. He returned and knelt beside Alyson.

"I'll carry her," he said, scooping her into his arms. "I need hot water--as hot as she can stand. Maybe a pint for now but also put on the larger pot to heat for later."

Color drained from Mary's tanned face. She started running back to the cabin. "Fish or shell?" she called over her shoulder.

"Fish, I think." He moved as quickly as he could without dropping the screaming girl while Mary raced on ahead. He wasn't a religious man, but he thanked every deity he could name that he'd married a woman who was able to control her motherly emotions and who could both think and act in an emergency. Even when she guessed what had probably happened, she kept her head. She'd seen her share of life-threatening emergencies while on research expeditions, but this was her daughter, and still she kept a cool head even though her guts had to be in the same icy knots as his own.

He'd certainly seen his share of children in pain, but this was Alyson, his Pixie, and her cries for him to stop the pain were shredding his soul. You'd think years of medical school and pediatric practice would inure him somewhat and that he'd operate on autopilot, but putting one foot in front of the other now required conscious effort.

Alyson's stomach heaved again as he reached the door, but she had already emptied it. He turned sideways and eased her through the door.

"Couch," Mary said, emerging from the bedroom with his medical kit. She placed it on a crate used as an end table and opened it. "There's only four," she said, her voice quavering, as she removed a morphine injector.

"It will have to do, Mare," he said as he lowered Alyson. "I didn't plan on being shipwrecked."

Mary comforted her screaming daughter as best she could while he injected her and then removed tweezers and a small magnifying glass from the kit. He tried to immobilize her foot long enough to check the wound and was about to ask Mary for help when Alyson suddenly heaved again and then went still.

"DOUG!"

He gave the girl a quick check. "She fainted. Maybe she'll stay out until the morphine kicks in. Are you okay?"

"No." She wiped her eyes with the back of a hand. "But I'll manage. I'll see to the water. I haven't put the large one on yet."

Doug gave her a grim smile. He wanted to hold her, to comfort her, to tell her that their daughter would be fine. But Mary had been in these waters before and already knew better. And he had a patient to treat. Mary bent to kiss him before crossing to the kitchen and returning with a folding chair. She kissed him again and left a hand on his shoulder for a moment, a plea in her brimming eyes, before returning to the stove.

The porch roof now blocked the rising sun from entering the room. He fished a small flashlight from the kit, turned it on, and sat in the chair, placing her foot on his knees. He held the flashlight in his mouth, lifted the foot, and examined the wound through the magnifying glass. He switched the magnifying glass for the tweezers and removed a dorsal fin spine from the wound, then switched back to the lens. A second puncture wound had gone unnoticed four millimeters from the one with the protruding spine. She had received a double shot of venom. The second wound appeared to have no broken spine in it, but the area around the wounds was red and swelling rapidly.

He moved the lens over the extracted spine. Intact. He had removed all of it. He put away the equipment and checked Alyson's pulse. His diving watch was in the bedroom, but there was no question that her pulse was rapid and felt strange. He reached for the stethoscope, snapped the earpieces in his ears, and placed the pickup between the small, tanned, upright cones. He listened for a moment. Minor arrhythmia had already begun. The only good news he could think of was that she'd had a tetanus shot two years earlier. Small comfort, that. He removed the stethoscope from his ears and let it hang by the earpieces around his neck.

Mary's quiet sobs stole into his thoughts, making it harder for him to maintain his professional attitude as he cleaned the wound with alcohol and a swab. His vision blurred, and hot tears rolled down his cheeks. He should have warned her to wear her shoes while wading, but none of the three wore them. He didn't think the risk was great enough. He didn't know those fish inhabited these waters, or that they would be in the sand, away from the rocks. Unless it was a dying one that had washed up near shore. He thought about that to get his mind away from the real issue for the moment.

Mary approached unnoticed. She put the hot water and a clean cloth on the floor at Doug's feet. "Do you think this will help if she's already unconscious?" she asked as she sat on the edge by Alyson's head.

He shrugged. "Can't hurt. Well, I didn't mean the pun. God damn it! I wish I had some antivenin."

"Maybe the heat will..." She shot to her feet. "Papain!"

Doug frowned at her.

"Papain. Meat tenderizer can relieve mosquito bites and bee stings by breaking down the injected proteins. It's papain. You use it for psoriasis and removing dead tissue and..."

"I know what it does." He regretted the harsh tone but said nothing more, letting her speak.

"There are green fruit on some of the papaya trees. What if we use the papain from the latex on her foot? Wouldn't it help break down the proteins in the venom?"

Doug looked at the small foot resting on his knees. "Well, I ... what the hell? The worst it can do is remove the tissue around the wound when it starts necrotizing."

Mary grabbed the shopping bag with her tree climbing gear. "It's about a quarter-mile to the papaya trees. I won't be gone long."

"Mare, watch out. I can't care for her alone if you injure yourself." That wasn't exactly true, but he didn't need two patients, and the idea of increased risk to her daughter might cause Mary to be a little more cautious.

"I'll be careful." She raced out the door. Doug wondered just how Mary would define "careful."

He tested the water. It was uncomfortably hot but not enough to burn. He dipped the cloth in it and wrapped it around the injured foot. The heat would help make the pain bearable, and maybe it would help dissipate the venom. He wasn't sure that the papain would help given the depth of the venom injection, but Mary needed some hope. And, if he could get the papaya latex into the wound, maybe it could help destroy some of the venom.

He held the hot cloth in place, looking with blurred vision at the toes peeking out from the wet bandage. He lifted the foot and kissed each one. When was the last time he'd done that? When she was a baby, he supposed. "Pixie, I'm doing all I can for you, but you'll have to help," he whispered. "Hear me? You have to help. I can't do it alone."

She convulsed with another attempt at vomiting. He wiped his eyes and listened to her breathe. No apparent aspiration of what little fluid was in her stomach. He had to turn her on her side in case she wasn't so lucky the next time. When that was done he reached for the stethoscope. Lungs were clear, the heart arrhythmia ... Was it worse, or was his imagination working overtime? He moved the pickup and listened. And again. And again, trying to memorize the sound for later comparison. Modern medicine, he decided, made doctors too dependent on graphs and displays and read-outs and too removed from their own senses. His great-grandfather could differentiate diphtheria from whooping cough halfway from the door to the patient's bed based solely on the smell in the air.

He slowly became aware that the edge of his hand was resting against her left breast and yanked his hand back.

"I'm sorry I touched your breast," he whispered to her unconscious form. "I didn't mean to." He sat back and felt the cloth. It was cooling. He dipped it in the hot water, wrung it lightly, and wrapped the foot again. He used one hand to help trap the heat and stroked her ankle and calf with the other, whispering words of encouragement. He suddenly realized that his attempt at comfort could also be misconstrued as fondling and moved that hand to also help contain the heat of the cloth.

He was removing hot water from the large pot when Mary returned. While he told her that the situation was unchanged she removed one green papaya fruit from the bag and put it on the kitchen table. With her belt knife she scored the skin and watched the white latex ooze forth. "Teaspoon," she said, and he handed her one. When she had collected several drops she said, "Another one," and swapped with him. He took the first to Aly.

Swelling had closed the wound. He spread the sap over the swelling while he thought. When he was finished he took the morphine syringe and spoon to the stove. He rinsed the spoon in the hot water and handed it to her. "Get me some clean sap," he said. "Don't scrape the outside of the fruit with the spoon. I'm going to inject it into the wound. Let's try to avoid secondary infection."

"Take another fruit and rinse it first," she said, "but I don't think secondary infection would be a problem."

She let the latex drip in the spoon while Doug cleaned the syringe. It seemed to take forever, and she twice brushed a tear away on her shoulder. Neither said anything. Both knew it was a gamble. Neither wanted to risk not trying. Doug checked on Alyson when she again dry-heaved. Her pulse seemed fainter, the arrhythmia more pronounced. He kissed her forehead and whispered for her to keep fighting.

Alyson opened her eyes, looked at him, smiled weakly, and closed them again.

Doug replaced the plastic over the wound and wrapped the swollen foot with the hot bandage. The plastic kept the water from removing the latex. Mary had washed the few late-lunch dishes and returned to take the water container for a hot refill. He looked up into Mary's anxious eyes. "Some necrosis around the wound, but the papain is dissolving the dead tissue. Her breathing is erratic, heart arrhythmia is slowly increasing, the body tremors are beginning, but she's quit trying to vomit. I wish to hell I knew if that last is a good sign in light of the others."

Mary nodded and turned to take the water container to the stove for a refill. He looked at Alyson and was startled to see her looking back at him, quietly crying. "I'm not going to make it, am I?" she sobbed.

His first instinct was to tell her everything would be okay. She would know he was lying and wouldn't trust him after that. He had to tell her the truth, but how much?

"Sweetheart, I..." The buzzing noise high outside finally penetrated his consciousness. He bolted for the door. A small twin-engine plane was up and to the north. He raced to the signal pyre, tore away the cover, doused it with generator fuel, and grabbed Welch's lighter. He struck it aflame and shoved it into the signal fire, ignoring the small starter torches because there wasn't time. The fuel roared to life, singeing the hair from his arm and igniting the rest of the pyre. Flame and white smoke boiled forth. He had the signal mirror out in an instant.

At first he thought he'd been too late, but the plane banked left and began descending. It stopped turning when it was on line with him. It overflew him, turned over the sea, and began a return path. No pontoons, he noted. Just wheels. It can't land.

Doug stood by the SOS in the sand. When he was certain he could be clearly seen he grabbed his chest, fell over, and rose to his knees, pointing to the cabin, where Mary stood on the porch, watching. The plane banked as it reached him, circled over the lagoon briefly, and then headed toward him again.

Something dropped from the plane, a flutter of bright yellow cloth marking its descent. It landed near the outhouse. The plane circled while he fetched it. It was a soft-drink can with masking tape holding a signal flag to it. On the tape was writing:

"U HAVE MED EMERG? 1 YES, 2 NO"

Doug raced to the SOS and scratched a large "1" in the sand beside it.

The plane circled the lagoon for another three minutes, then returned and dropped another can.

"S/R COMING. LO ON GAS. GD LUCK."

Doug waved. The plane waggled its wings and began climbing to the northwest.

"Mare! They notified Search and Rescue. They're coming."

Mary looked relieved. "I guess your uniform helped after all. I was afraid they wouldn't believe you."

"Uniform?" Doug looked down. He'd forgotten he was naked. "Let's tell Alyson."

Doug knelt beside his weeping daughter. "Pixie, Search and Rescue is coming. You just hang in there, okay?"

Her narrow eyes reflected overwhelming sadness. "My stomach hurts," she said, and then heaved up a small amount of liquid into a plastic bowl. Doug wiped her mouth. Her body shook and she gasped for air. "I don't want to leave you alone," she said.

"Honey, we don't want you to leave us," Mary said, her throat choking on the words. "You have to hold on until they arrive. Okay?"

"I don't know." Alyson heaved again. "I'll try." She closed her eyes and fell asleep.

Doug patted Mary's shoulder. "We better dress now, while we have time."

Search and Rescue has to make it on time. They have to!

Alyson's eyes opened. "I'm sorry," she said.

Doug turned from staring out the door and Mary, who had been half-dozing with Alyson's head in her lap, looked down.

"Don't be sorry, honey, " Mary said. "It was an accident. It wasn't your fault."

"I mean I'm sorry I'm going to leave you alone."

Doug knelt beside her and took her hand while Mary took the other one. "Don't say that, Pixie. They should be here soon."

"But I know. I don't know how I know, but I do. I'm so sorry that I'm going to leave you alone, and I'm sorry that I'm going to be without you now." She dry heaved again and fought to regain her breath. "It's almost time. Honest!"

Mary tried to argue. When he'd been in medical school, Doug had seen too many patients who knew when the moment was near. "I'm sorry it had to be like this, Pixie. I wanted you to have a long, full life, full of all kinds of happiness." He wiped his eyes. "I'm so sorry that you're going to miss out on so much."

Mary's eyes blazed at him. "Don't tell her that! Honey, it's going to be okay. Just hold on a little longer. Please!"

Alyson gasped for air. "Thank you for trying ... to make me feel better, but," she gasped for air again, "but don't pretend. Please? I had ... I had a fun life, better than lots of kids could ever hope for. I got only ... only two regrets."

Doug forced the word through his constricted throat. "What?"

"I'm sorry that I'll leave you alone, and that I'll never, um, I'll never get to know what, um..." She looked at her mother with sad eyes. "You know."

For a moment Mary was lost. Then: "What it's like to be a woman?" she asked.

Alyson sobbed and nodded.

Mary's voice grew excited, as if she had found a way to delay the inevitable. "Would you like to find out while there's still time?'

Alyson looked at her father and then her mother with a faint smile. "Can I?" she whispered.

While Mary cried and nodded assent, Doug suddenly understood. "MARY!"

Mary's face grew as violent as the storm that had stranded them. "It may give her reason to hold on longer," she hissed. "And if not, it's your daughter's last wish and, by damn, you will grant it." Her eyes added the unspoken, "Or else you lose me, too." But that look was unnecessary.

I might as well do it. Maybe it will keep Aly alive just long enough. Search and Rescue's team will know what I did. It will be obvious to their doctor in only a few moments, but it won't matter. The main thing is that Aly might live. They'll haul my ass off to prison. But Aly might live. Nothing is more important than her living.

As Doug removed his shorts he worried that performance anxiety would prevent an erection if the dire circumstances did not. Silently cursing himself for giving in to his secret weakness, even though it might help Alyson, he eased Alyson's white shorts over her hips and down her legs, putting them on the table crate with his own. Mary's eyes flicked from his to the heart-shaped curls and back. Doug dipped his head and kissed the thatch. Alyson parted her legs. Her musky aroma began inflating his wretched tool, almost against his will.

He kissed his daughter's slit and felt her shudder, a movement distinctly different from the chill tremors which had been racing through her body, as he ran his tongue along her slit and then pressed it into the hot, moist folds. Alyson was already wet and growing wetter, something he thought was impossible under the medical circumstances. He toyed with her joy button for a moment and then withdrew his tongue.

Lust temporarily replaced the nausea in her face. "That was great!" she murmured.

Mary reached for his growing member and pumped it expertly. It was fully erect in seconds. His emotions flickered between anticipation and disgust, the latter directed at himself because of the former.

Alyson dry heaved and gasped again.

Doug placed the head in the entrance of her tunnel, then slowly eased it inward. He realized that some of the heat he felt was fever, but she was as tight and as warm and as wet as Mary had been the first time he did it to her. He was surprised that she could lubricate with her fever. When his pubic bone crushed against hers and his balls felt the heat of her bubble-butt he asked, "Are you okay? It's in now."

"Ohmigod!" she gasped. "Oh, Daddy, I wish we'd done this sooner. It's wonderful! It doesn't hurt!"

He began slicing in-and-out of his daughter's slick tunnel. He knew Alyson usually came quickly when she masturbated. He hoped she would peak soon because he was disgusted with himself for two reasons: one, because of what he was doing to his own daughter, and two, because the tightening deep between his boner and balls told him he was enjoying it and would soon cum himself.

Alyson's free hand shot behind his neck and pulled his head downward. She kissed him, hard, on his lips as her narrow eyes squeezed shut and her body began shaking. And then she came. The throbbing of her tight, hot sheath was enough to send him over the edge. He began slamming into her, fighting with himself not to slam too hard, and then he gushed.

When it was over his erection subsided immediately but stayed within her body. He forced himself to smile at her, which was easy enough to do whenever he saw her looking at him, and leave himself in place, though he wanted to withdraw his invading member.

Alyson choked and gasped for a moment, then smiled, though tears coursed down the side of her face. "Now I have only one regret. Thank you, Daddy. And thank you, Mom, for not telling."

"Not telling." What had Mare been keeping from him?

A convulsive dry heave caused her to clamp her vaginal muscles and squeeze Doug from her body. Doug knew he should be relieved that the disgusting act was over and hated himself for the momentary pang of regret. He sat on the floor beside the couch to hide his disgusting member from his innocent daughter's eyes.

Alyson's voice was weak. "Daddy, can I have my necklace?"

He blinked. "Of course." He used the opportunity to pull on his shorts, then brought the bright feather necklace to her. The sight of it momentarily chased away the sadness that had crept back into her features. Mary lifted Alyson's head while he tied it around her neck. He adjusted it on her chest, carefully avoiding any contact with her body through her yellow seersucker blouse.

"Thank you," she whispered. She gagged, then said, "Keep my shell safe for me?"

Mary sobbed around the words, "Of course we will, honey."

Alyson gasped for air and then said, "I love you, Mom." Her face grew sad and puckered for a kiss.

Afterward she puckered her lips, looked at Doug, and made two weak grunts. Blinded by his tears he lowered his lips to hers. "MmmmmmmmMAH!"

Alyson gasped for air. "G'night, Daddy. I love you."

Doug ran his index finger down the line of her wet jaw. He couldn't tell which tears were hers and which were his.

Doug was barely able to force the words through his constricted throat. "G'night ... Pixie. I ... I ... love you."

Alyson smiled, almost happily. She slowly closed her eyes and struggled to inhale.

She exhaled with a spasmodic cough.

And struggled to inhale again, taking in a shallow breath.

And exhaled...

... struggled for another breath...

... exhaled.

The deep, pitiful, prolonged silence was eventually broken by the clatter of helicopter blades.
Your opinion is important:
Share with the others what you think about
"G'Night Pixie (the Original Story Concept)"
     
Switch to Expanded voting form
The End
Posted: 2009-08-04
Home - Top
