Home | JValet's Page « Graduate Work Index - Settings
Chapter 1
Posted: November 08, 2003 - 06:46:19 pm

Jared sat at the breakfast table, staring idly at his diploma. It was still rolled tightly and tied closed with a cheap blue ribbon. Out of high-school one day already, and he didn't feel any different. He was fairly certain that you were supposed to feel grown up or changed or experienced or something after leaving the cap and gown ceremony.

Sighing, he tossed the diploma down the table, and dug into breakfast, stopping to swallow his pill with a mouthful of OJ. He'd been taking them since he was twelve or so; his mom had said that they were supposed to correct a degenerative disease he'd inherited from his father. The only thing he'd ever gotten from his father, as a matter of fact. The fucker had run off two days before his eleventh birthday. Not a call, not a letter, not an alimony check had been seen from him since. But that was okay, Jared thought, his mom was pretty great, and they could live comfortably from the proceeds of a couple of biochemical patents she held, stemming from her grad work in college.

"Morning kiddo," Karen Smythe ruffled her son's hair as she walked into the kitchen, the heels on her slippers clacking loudly against the linoleum floor. As she passed him, she could hear the clatter of his spoon as it fell into the cereal bowl, and Jared choked out a "M-mornin'."

As he tried to put his eyes back into their sockets, Jared's mind boggled at what he was seeing. His mom had apparently traded in her old terrycloth robe for a brand-new blue one, covered in a flowery pattern, and diaphanous to the point of being transparent! Underneath, she wore a brief nighty of the same pattern; the hem was so high that her ass nearly slid out from underneath it as she walked, hips swaying, long, long, legs perched atop a pair of high-heeled slippers. He watched, speechless as she slinked to the kitchen window, through which a June sun shone brightly, and took a long look outside, bending over the counter ever-so-slightly. Karen could hear his breath catch as the hem of the nighty rose just high enough for him to catch a glimpse of her succulent, round asscheeks and the thong panties that ran between them. Turning around, she promptly hopped up on the counter, giving him a good long look at the huge swell of her tits, the nighty covering only enough to be decent, though the peaks of her nipples were evident through the thin fabric. Crossing her legs slowly, Jared got a peek at his mom's panty-covered pussy, which was already starting to moisten underneath it's satin cover.

"Isn't it a beautiful morning?" She asked, a mischevious smile on her face. Jared snapped back to reality, and shook his head before stammering out a reply. One of his hands slipped under the table to adjust his thick cock, quickly coming to a full erection.

"Did you have anything planned for this evening?" Karen already knew the answer to this, even before she'd asked the question. Of course he didn't. She'd made him too well for that. Shy little Jared didn't have many friends, certainly none to knock about with on a Friday night. Shy little Jared with the big meaty COCK that filled her dreams lately. Now that things were coming to a head, she was starting to salivate with anticipation. "Because if you don't," she continued, "I thought maybe we could have a little celebration here this evening, just a son and his mommy." She crossed those long, long, legs again, and dangled one of the slippers from a perfectly-shaped little foot.

"N-no," was his reply, still slightly agog and very erect.

"Good." Karen said, then followed with "did you take your pill?"

"Yes, mom." Her smile widened a little. Those pills had been the crux of a very, very long plan. A little growth hormone, a little sedative, and some other goodies, had ensured that Jared had, since puberty, developed into a sedate, obedient young man with a fat cock and testicles filled with sweet virgin cream, ripe for the plucking. She shivered with anticipation, and her cunt quivered, the panty gusset quickly becoming quite damp.

"You're such a good boy, Jared. I just wish you weren't going to college in the fall," her voice was wistful as she swept her chestnut hair back, jiggling her massive 32E tits. He wouldn't be going anywhere, she knew, and her pussy spasmed again.

"I'm sorry, mom," he mumbled, genuinely guilty.

"Ah well," she hopped off the counter. "Even my little boy's got to grow up sometime." Karen walked over and planted a kiss on his forehead, giving him a good view of those smooth, firm globes up close. While he eyed her cleavage, she took the opportunity to glance down at his lap, where his shorts couldn't even begin to hide the massive bulge beneath. "Mmmmm... and you are growing up," she straightened and continued out, knowing that his eyes were glued to her ass.

The rest of Jared's day was long, torturous, and spent staring at his mother when he thought she wasn't looking. A Good Boy, he never touched himself; masturbation was something filthy perverted people did in back alleyways with whores. And yet, it was difficult not to; many times, he found that an "adjustment" of his stiff cock was taking far longer than it should have. He didn't know what to do - this had never happened to such an extent before. It had always gone up during inappropriate times, but then it always went down, eventually.

His mom wasn't making it any easier on him, either. After breakfast, he had spent a couple of hours bringing cool drinks out onto the deck for her when she called from the poolside, where she lay on the chaise lounge, body glistening with tanning oil, practically every tanned, toned inch exposed in a tiny black bikini he'd never seen before. The triangles of fabric over her tits were tented by erect nipples and he could almost catch a glimpse of rosy aureolae. The bottoms were no better, an eyepatch over the prominent mound of her pussy, and a thong behind, exposing all of those beautiful, rounded buttocks to his wandering eyes. If that hadn't set his balls churning, they certainly started when she fished an ice-cube from one of the drinks, sucked on it a moment, her pink tongue flickering from between pouty, sensuous lips, and then proceeded to run it down over her mountainous tits, across the flat plain of her tummy, and down, briefly, between those beautiflly sculpted thighs.

Jared had had to run back to the house, head spinning, balls aching, mentally berating himself for the turn his mind had taken. This was wrong! Very, very wrong. He couldn't think about his mom that way. Why had she chosen to break out this new wardrobe today?

Lunch was no better, though she had changed from the bikini to something a little more, uh, concealing; a tight, white tank-top that ended just above her sexy little navel and pushed her huge tits up even more, a pair of cutoff jeans that tied in the front, but very loosely, revealing a patch of darkness that had, just had to be a pair of panties, albeit very low-riding ones, and black slides with four-inch heels. He'd had to sit there, and pretend to eat while she slurped away at a rapidly-melting cone of vanilla ice-cream, rivulets flowing freely over her hands, sending errant drops down over those magnificent mammaries of hers, and her upper thighs. His mom wasn't quick to scoop these up, but she did, one at a time, bringing each creamy droplet to her mouth via a sticky finger, and giving it a good long suck each time she did, just to be sure to get all the crea-er-ice cream.

Karen knew she was torturing her son, and did it gladly. She had hid beneath burlap and sacks for too many years, waiting for today, and she relished the sense of power it gave her, knowing that her son was trembling that way for her, knowing that his cock was bursting his shorts because of her. It sent a shiver down her spine, and her pussy gushed with anticipation. In fact, it was all she could do to stop herself from jumping the boy now, but things hadn't been set up downstairs quite yet.

At any rate, the day wore on for the two of them at a torturous pace. Karen continued to tease her boy dreadfully throughout, changing clothes three more times; a long, thin sundress after lunch that just happened to be completely see-through in strong sunlight, and Karen sought to interpose herself between Jared and a window at every opportunity, giving him a look at her body in silhouette; then back to shorts and a bikini top to "wash the car", a task which rapidly turned into a water fight; and finally, for dinner, a long, black skirt, slashed high to reveal the stockings that wrapped themselves so sensuously around her legs and the black sandals on her feet, with a beige and black top that was basically two strips of fabric, cris-crossed beneath her breasts, exposing her firm tummy, and the fact that she wasn't wearing a bra over those huge tits of hers.

Jared shifted uncomfortably in his seat, wearing his best clothes from last year, the pants too tight, especially the area beneath his zipper.

The dinner table was empty, save a pair of glasses, each filled with what looked like wine.

"A toast," Karen raised her glass, smiling broadly with glossy, pouty lips. Jared did likewise. "To eight years of long, hard work, and the payoff it brings."

That puzzled him. "Mom, I've only been in high-school six years."

"Who said we were talking about high school?" There was a mischevious glint in her eye as she took a sip from her glass. Jared followed suit. The liquid that passed his lips was sweet and heady, though with no trace of alcohol (he'd taken communion before, of course, and knew what wine tasted like). Tilting the glass further, he greedily poured the drink down his throat. Putting the glass down, he noticed his head was abuzz, as well as his balls. His mom eyed him with open hunger.

"Mom?" He began, but the buzzing in his head was louder, now, and the erection in his pants surging with blood like never before.

"Is something wrong?" She asked, standing up slowly, and crossing the dining room to where he sat.

"Hmmm," she crouched next to his chair. "I think I see a problem." She ran her hand over the huge lump in his pants. Jared groaned. This was wrong; everything here was wrong. He shouldn't be feeling this way, not about his mom. He couldn't, he couldn't, he... The button on his pants, straining already, came apart with the slightest touch of her fingers. "Oh, there's some definite swelling here. But mommy's got just the thing..."

She deftly pulled his zipper down, his briefs practically moved themselves out of the way, and suddenly, there it was, a massive pillar of throbbing meat, the purple knob at the top weeping precum like a faucet. Awed by the sight, Karen couldn't help but run a hand lightly down the shaft, enjoying the feel of the soft skin on the underside of his cock, the cock she'd made, her cock, now.

"N-noooo," Jared mumbled, his head lolling. There had been an explosion of pleasure in his brain when she'd touched him; but it was wrong, bad, dirty pleasure. He was a Good Boy; he didn't want his mom toooooooooh...

"You can't resist, you know," she said, taking a firmer hold of his dick, and beginning to slowly jack it. The sensations caused her son to groan again, louder this time, and shudder in his chair. "Now sit back, relax, and enjoy what your mommy's doing for you." She quickened the pace of her strokes, though she had to use both hands to get his whole cock, and soon it was coated with pre-cum, and the aroma of dick filled the air. Karen inhaled deeply. How she missed that smell!

Karen was a first-class cumslut; nothing made her feel more powerful than knowing she could bring a man to a huge orgasm, sometimes again and again. Long she'd searched for the perfect cock, big and tasty and everlasting, and she'd thought she'd found it with her ex-husband, who carried a ten-inch dick that could last all night. However, when he'd run off with a hefty chunk of her money and no goodbye, she decided to stop searching and create the perfect cock. A biochemical genius with a minor in biogenetics, figuring out how to grow a cock that was big, and hard, and would spew forth semen in the quantities she'd only dreamed about, wasn't that hard. And finding a specimen to undergo the long-term treatment hadn't been hard either, once she struggled past her morals; Jared was perfect, just coming into puberty, predisposed towards having a large penis through his father, and easily manipulated.

She knelt there, staring at the purple knob between her hands, and suddenly she couldn't wait any longer; it had been eight fucking years since she'd had a cock, and here was a perfect one right in her fucking face.

"MMMmmmmmplfff... schluck..." she could barely fit the head of his dick past her lips, but the taste of sweet pre-cum, made all the sweeter by the knowledge that it was vigrin spew from her own son, sent her pussy gushing, and she began diddling her cunt with one hand while still jerking his stiff dick. "Mmmm... soooooo shlurrrp gooood... mommmy's sluchsk little boy certainly slurpshht has a big... Mmmmm... hot... tasty COCK. Yummmmmmm... yummy hot cock... shlurrrp mommy loves schlp her baby's shllllck beautiful dong... do you like it when I lick it like this? schlupp slurp Or how about when I put my tongue in here?" Jared could only moan and arch his back as she wiggled the tip of her tongue in the slit in the head of his cock. It felt soooooo good... like nothing on earth, but he couldn't... she was his mother...

"It feels good slurp doesn't it? Your mommy shlerp sucking your schlllck BIG slrrrp FAT schluck COCK... so why not just give in? Give mommy all that sweet slurp HOT schlllp cream... you know you... mmmmmmm... want to... just give up... give mmmmmmm schlurp me your cum, cummmmm for Mommmy... cum in my mouth... cum in my face... all over my tits..." Something inside Jared broke; it was too much - the assault of pleasure on his cock, the buzz in his head, the dirty talk from his mom, though he only understood half the words. A shiver ran down his spine, straight to the brain in his cock. His balls, the size of fists, clenched up, and Karen squealed with glee. "That's right, cumm for Mommmy... CUM! Give me all that sweet boycream! CUM! CUM! CUMMMMMMMMM!" An animal cry erupted from Jared's lips, and the first plume of semen spewed forth from his cock, flying high in the air, only to arc down and land across his mother's face. Five spurts in all painted her face, hair, and tits before she managed to take the jerking, spurting, meat under control and take the remaining semen in her mouth; seven more filled her mouth, excess goo running forth from her glossy lips to pool at the base of his cock. Once he seemed to be done, she sat back and swallowed his sweet, incestuous cream.

Jared lay back in his chair, body sprawled, dick still heavy and erect, glistening with cum and saliva.

"We're not done yet," his mom said, standing. "You were made to go all night, and by God, we're going to go all night."
Chapter 2
Home | Top | JValet's Page |   Feedback to author


Home | JValet's Page « Graduate Work Index « Previous - Settings
Chapter 2
Posted: November 08, 2003 - 06:46:19 pm

Karen eyed the prostrate form of her son, head lolling back, limbs splayed out, thick meaty cock sprouting from his pants. Excess sperm that she hadn't been able to keep in her mouth ran down the shaft in thick rivulets to pool at the base, staining his pants. Not that'd he'd be needing pants much anymore, she thought with an evil grin.

A hot wad of cum had splattered over the bridge of her pert little nose, and she eagerly scooped it up into her mouth, savouring once more the taste of her son's virgin cream. Two or three more heavy blasts had sprayed across her tits, the scalding hot goo soaking into the fabric of her top.

"Tsk tsk," she chided, "look what you've done - ruined mommy's blouse with your nasty cum; I'll just have to take it off, I guess..." Reaching behind her neck, Karen undid the catch holding her top together, and both strips of fabric peeled away from her torso. Her tits, huge and tanned a deep bronze bobbed into view; curved perfectly and capped by rosy pink nipples, she hefted them in her hands for Jared to look, and look he did, mesmerised by those jiggling pleasure pillows. Fortunately, the blouse hadn't covered much, and there were several large blobs of boyjuice over the silky smooth surface of her tits. These she eagerly worked into the skin of her tits, rubbing and fondling and playing with them until they glistened under a thin sheen of cock cream. "Mmmmmm... your cum feels so good on mommy's tits," she cooed. "You'll have to give mommy all of it from now on... I don't want to waste a single drop of my little boy's hot, sweet spunk."

"Ohhh, mooommmmm," Jared moaned, delirious with forbidden lust, but his head too fuzzy to do anything about it. He could only stare as she fondled those magnificent tits, now pinching and twisting the pink, thick nipples that stood a good inch out from the surface of her massive mammaries.

Karen mewed as she mauled her own tits, pussy gushing copiously beneath the skirt. There was a yawning, aching need between her thighs; cunt juice flowed freely down her thighs to splatter on the floor. She had waited too long for this. It was time to take him, time to shove all that manmeat up inside her as far as it would go and ride her way to ecstatic oblivion.

It took only a second to step out of the rest of her clothes, revealing that she wore a garter-belt to hold the stockings up, but nothing else. Her cunt, crowned by a sparse 'V' of pubic hair, was leaking heavily; her clit was an angry red button at the top of her weeping gash.

"Now, Jared," she said, straddling the chair. Slumped though he was in the seat, the tip of his cock reached all the way up to the lips of her cunt, and nestled itself in her labia. The heat from her pussy, and the sensation of those little lips, gently rubbing the knob of his cock were driving him mad, though all he could do about it was thrash feebly in the chair. "Now it's time..."

With that, she slowly began lowering herself down upon his mighty shaft, pushing it deeper, deeper into the hot depths of her hungry pussy. Inch by beautiful inch she fed her son's massive cock into the tight, wet chasm between her thighs. Jared groaned again, and she took his head in her hands, and brought it to her massive tits, where his slack lips latched immediately upon a rubbery pink nipple.

"Ooooooohhh... can you feel that, son? Mommy's tight ah little hole gobbling your cock? How does that feel? Is it ah good?" Eventually she bottomed out her pussy, feeling the head of his dick pressing against the wall of her cervix. Her thighs rested lightly on his - a perfect fit! "I feel soooo fulll... mommy's full of her little boy's big nasty cock... so biiiig... so harrrrd... just made to fuck mommy's cunt." Karen began pumping herself on his dick. "Mmmmmm... my baby's cock is soooo goood... is it good for you? Does my baby like his mommy's cunt... does he like it when mommy rides him... Oooooohhh... that's right, suck my tit, you nasty little boy... chew my nipple while I bounce on that fuckmeat of yours... of mine... that's right, mine. Your cock is all ah MINE. All that HOT, HARD, COCK is for ME and ME only. Ooooooh... it feels soooo goood... mommy could ride you all night long, little boy... all night with your cock inside my cunt... mommy's cunt needs your cock sooooo bad, baby... you'll give it to her, won't you? Let me have it all night, every night... forever... FUCKING your COCK forever... stuffing my CUNT with it..." She rode his staff harder, grabbing onto his head and pushing it into her tit. "Ohhhh YESSS... every night... every morning... all that THICK, SWEET CUM for me... CUM for me... fill your MOMMY'S CUNT with all that beautiful BOYJUICE... CUM for MOMMY... CUM CUM CUMMMMMMMMMMMMMMM!!" A wild shriek of ecstasy erupted from Karen as she reached her first orgasm, feeling her son jet spurt after spurt of semen into her cunt; it spilled forth in huge gobbets that simply flowed freely out from the sides of her stretched pussy, and still she rode him, making loud, wet noises with their genitals as the cum flowed from her cunt. She came again and again, bouning on Jared's cock until she could take no more and simply collapsed on her son, panting with exhaustion and face flushed with orgasmic joy. His body relaxed from the tension of the extended orgasm, and he, overwhelmed with ecstacy, simply passed out with his turgid prick still solidly lodged in his mom's sopping wet vagina.

The first thing that occurred to Jared as he woke up was that he needed... something. He couldn't quite work out what it was, exactly, but there was definitely something he was craving, like lemonade on a hot summer day, or fresh air when you're at the bottom of a pool, lungs aflame. Yeah. Something like that.

The second thing that struck him was that he was bare-ass naked and tied, spread-eagle to what felt like a bed, covered in cool, satin sheets. Felt like, because he couldn't see anything except bottomless dark. As soon as the panic receeded from his brain, he took notice of the third thing: his cock was steely-hard, and the mess from earlier had been cleaned up.

Earlier... Jared's mind cast itself back over the events of dinner. Had that really happened? Had his mom really sucked his cock and fucked herself on it? No, nothing could have felt that good, he surmised. There was no way his mom had wrapped those succulent, shiny lips around the head of his cock, nursing and nibbling until he blasted a load of semen all over her face and tits. No way she'd rammed his dick into the wet, velvety fist of her cunt, milking him for a second time. His prick, erect already, surged with blood until it was painfully so as he remembered the way it had all felt, her nasty words, the way her pussy had pulled the cum from his balls. It had to be a dream, didn't it? Maybe this was a dream, too. Jared closed his eyes and tried to force himself to wake up, but to no avail. Despite the warmth of the room, he shivered with fear, not knowing where he was, or what was going to happen to him next.

"M-mom?" He called out cautiously, and was rewarded moments later by the sounds of a door opening nearby, and high heels striking a hardwood floor. The lights flicked on, revealing a small, but well-appointed room with an ominous-looking wardrobe in one corner. He was, indeed, chained hand and feet to the corners of a large bed covered in silvery satin sheets.

"How's mommy's little boy?" He heard his mother's voice coo from somewhere behind him, out of sight. "You had me soooo worried, you know that? I was scared you wouldn't wake up 'til tomorrow, and mommy wants to play all night long."

"Mom?" He struggled with the chains for a moment. At the sound of her voice, the nameless need within him flared to life. "Why... why am I..."

"... all tied up? Because you might resist at first; the drink made your head fuzzy upstairs, but I can't be certain you'll be so pliable down here. To start with, anyway. Once we're done here tonight, you'll love it as much as I do, Jared. I know you will..." She strode further into the room, and past the bed.

She'd changed her clothes again. As his mom stalked past, he saw that she had slipped into a sheer black night-shirt with billowing sleeves and a ruffled neckline that skirted her naked shoulders. The hem dusted the tops of her shapely thighs, barely long enough to cover her panties, and not quite enough to cover her ass as it swished past. Through the material, Jared could clearly see her braless tits jiggling, stiff nipples threatening to rip through the thin fabric.

"Do you know what was in that drink, Jared?" She giggled as she stood at the foot of the bed, shamelessly flaunting her body before his eyes. "It was a sweet little COCKtail that blocks the transmission of certain neurotransmitters when you're in contact with a certain pheromone... keeping you happy, horny and pliant so long as I'm around; but if you can't get that certain pheromone in, say, twelve hours or so, your body starts going into withdrawl. Mommy wants her little boy to stick around longer than his daddy did... so she fixed it so he's addicted to her, literally. Isn't mommy smart?"

Karen began crawling up the bed towards him, leering hungrily up at her son. Slinking along like a cat on the prowl, Jared couldn't help but stare at her huge tits, swaying in pendulum motion. Reaching his thighs, his mom stopped to give his cock a long, slow lick.

"Mmmmm... yummy yummy pre-cummy. I see you like mommy's PJ's, baby. I can't wait to suck the scum right out of those huge balls of yours," a mischevious hand began fondling his balls, still heavy and hanging low, the engineered genitalia reloading at record speeds. "And while I'm doing that, you're going to sample some of mommy's special juice to satisfy that need I know is burning you up inside..."

"Mom, no. Stop..." Jared began, his head spinning from the erotic assault on his meat.

"No?" She giggled, and ran a finger down the underside of his cock. His hips jerked involuntarily at the sensation. "Stop? Stop teasing you?" Karen began lightly palming the head of his dick, polishing his knob with her hand. Precum was flowing freely from the slit, now, and her fingers were soon sticky with the stuff. Switching hands, she eagerly sucked her hand clean while he watched, still protesting. "Mommy never wants to stop teasing her little boy... I love knowing your cock is hard for me... I love making it salute when I walk in a room... all this beautiful boy-meat for me... and only me..." She proceeded to suck the slick precum from her other hand, and then continued to crawl up his body, the head of his dick sliding along her nightshirt, leaving a silvery trail of lubricant behind.

The smooth fabric of the nightshirt was a deliciously torturous sensation on the bulbous head of his prick, and Jared bucked beneath her, trying to get as much of it as possible. Straddling his hips, Karen sat down on her boy's hard meat, flattening it against his stomach, and pressing it underneath her hot, pantied cunt. "Does mommy's little boy feel good? Does he like it when mommy teases his FAT COCK?" She started to rock on his prick, slowly grinding it against her sopping pussy. "Mmmmm... I can't wait to put that monster back up inside my cunt... can't wait to have all that MEAT jammed up inside my little CUNT. Mmmmm... oh, yeah... I love feeling so FULL of BOYCOCK..." She bit her lip, stifling a cry of pleasure. One hand stole to her tit, and began mauling it through the nightshirt.

"Oh yeah... oh... mmmmm... so HARD... so HOT... yeah... YES... oh... ah! Ah! AH!" Her body shuddered as it was battered by a small orgasm, a tiny taste of things to come. Shivering with pleasure, she resumed crawling up his body, until she was astride his head. Jared stared up at his mom's pussy, sopping wet and soaking through the thin silk of her panties. At this range, all his nose was filled with the heady, sweet aroma of her cunt, and it sent shockwaves through his brain, and down his cock, which responded by jerking of its own accord, and sending out a fresh flood of precum. That nameless need in his head was screaming at him to breathe deeply, to inhale as much of her vaginal perfume as he could. His lungs gulped greedily at the scented air, but he needed more... his mouth cried out to be filled.

No! He averted his eyes. This was wrong! He couldn't... this was his mom! His mom's cunt... her sweet beautiful cunt that had given him life... and he wanted to drink from it so badly...

She shifted around on the bed, turning to face his stiff, throbbing cock. Leaning over, Karen grabbed her son's shaft, and began to slowly stroke. She lapped at the head of his dick, slurping down the copious precum as it pulsed from the cockknob.

"Do you want me to suck your cock, Jared? Do you want mommy to suck all that NASTY HOT CUM right out of your balls?"

"Nooooo..." he groaned. "It's wrong... I can't... we can't..." But he wanted her to, just as he wanted to push his face into her pussy.

"If you say so, honey... but if I don't, then mommy won't let her baby lap away at her little cunny... and you do, don't you? Here, let me give you a better look." Reaching back, she grabbed hold of the gusset of her panties and jerked, once, tearing them clean off. Jared now stared his mother's cunt right in the face; her inner lips were pink and tiny and dripping wet. A perfect peach of a pussy, gushing juice down her thighs. Still, a tiny part of his mind resisted. He couldn't... it was wrong... soooo wrong...

A single drop fell from her gash, landing on his slack lips. The final voice of resistance was drowned in a flood of sensation as his tongue unconciously lapped it up; Jared strained upward, trying to put his mouth right into her pussy, eager to suck all that sweet juice out of her hot little hole. But she was just out of reach. He whined like a dog, tongue working, trying to catch any more falling juice.

"Does that mean mommy can suck your cock, now?" She asked, innocently. Karen knew her son's consent was meaningless; she could take him any time she wanted, but wanted to hear it, wanted to hear his surrender to the pleasure she was giving him, the pleasure that only she could give him. He nodded, not even looking at her. Karen scowled. "That's not enough, little boy... mommy has to hear it... say it... tell me to suck your cock... tell me you give up, that you can't resist... beg me to suck your meat..."

"Yes!" He screamed, a note of desperation in his voice. "Please! Mommy, please suck my cock! I give up! Just please, please let me have it! I can't stand it anymore!"

"Mmmmmm... what a goooood boy..." she lowered her cunt down on his waiting face, and he leapt to his task, shoving his tongue as far inside her as he could go, tasting, sucking, drinking that glorious nectar; his body sang with joy!

Karen turned back to his dick, and slurped as much of it as she could into his mouth. "Mmmm... oh yeah... slurp... suck mommy's suck... suck mommy's slchp CUNT, my darling... push... ah!... that tongue of yours slurp suck schelp as far as you can... taste mommy's PUSSY... oh yesssss give ah! give schlllllep me that ooooooohhhh tongue, baby..." Karen nibbled, nuzzled, and sucked hard on the head of his prick as her little boy slurped away at her cunt, eating her out with a will. "Oh YEAHHHH... that's it baby... my little Mmmmmm boy... eat mommy's CUNT... make Mommy CUM... oh Yessssss... God, that feels so GOOOOOD... EVERY night... y-you'll have to do this EVERY night... SUCKING mommy... EAT me... oh God... ohGODohGODohGODohGODohGODohGODoh GOOOOODDDDDDDDDDDDD!!!" Karen's back arched as she came, a torrent of pussy juice bursting forth from her cunt as her boy greedily drank it all down. "Mmmmm... let mommy return the favour, baby... mommy's gonna SUCK you 'til you CUM, baby... just like you used to suck mommy's TITS... drinking your CUM like milk... every morning... drinking your sweet, sweet CUM... can you see it, baby? Mommy drinking a glass of your CUM with her breakfast? Mmmmm... a HOT, SWEET milkshake for mommy every morning... and after mommy drinks your CUM, she'll make you spurt your seed ALL OVER mommy's TITS... I'll RUB all that cum into my skin until it shines, baby. Can you see it, baby? Mommy's hot little body, glistening with your jizz..."

"Oh YES!" Jared pulled his face from her pussy to shout in ecstasy. "I'll CUM for you ANYtime, Mommy! It's YOURS, all yours! Just make me CUM, please, mommy!"

"Oh baby... it makes mommy so glad to hear that! Promise me, baby! Promise you'll always give your CUM to me... tell me, and I'll make you CUM, baby... tell mommy NOW!"

"YES, Mommy! Anything for you! It feels sooooo GOOOOOOD when you suck my COCK like that! I'll ALWAYS give my cum to you, Mommy..."

"Forever and slurp Forever?"

"Oh YES! Please, Mommy!" Jared's hips bucked hard and fast, trying to get as much sensation on his cock as possible, desperate to to release this delicious, terrifying feeling building up in his balls and his pulsating shaft.

"Goooooooooood boy..." Karen crooned, "now CUM for Mommy, baby... fill Mommy's MOUTH with your HOT CUM so I can taste it, baby... so I can DRINK all that SWEET SEMEN... CUM for MOMMY... CUM... CUM... CUM!!"

"OOOOOOOOOOHHHHHHMOOOOOOOOOOOOMMMMMMMMMEEEEEEEEEEE!!" A sudden delightful pain gripped Jared's prostate as he came, his body leaping off the mattress, semen spewing forth from his dick in massive quantites, spurt after spurt of scalding hot goo which his mother greedily slurped down. It was too much for her mouth, though, and it immediately began drooling forth from her lips, running in huge gobbets down her chin... most dripped down onto Jared's belly, but much ran along her throat and underneath the neck of her nightshirt, dribbling slowly to her tits in a burning line.

"Oh, baby... mommy's little boy CUMS soooo much... your HOT JIZZ tastes sooo good..." She scooped up the semen staining that beautiful body with her fingers, feeding herself an ounce at a time. Once that was done, she lapped away at the pool of jism cooling on Jared's belly, tongue flicking out like a kittens, moaning incoherently to herself.

Jared lay back on the bed, feeling an intense sense of release and relief. It felt as though a block had been removed from his brain, and a flood of new ideas rushed through his head, mostly concerning his mother, and how GOOD it felt to do as she wanted, to give her what she asked for...

A series of loud clicks brought him back to himself; his mom was off the bed, now, unlocking the shackles that held him bound. Jared watched her move, ass sashaying back and forth, tits jiggling... he loved that body... wanted to worship her every inch... nibble those cute little toes, kiss and knead those succulent buttocks, suckle at her tits like a baby, feel her tongue sliding across his, taste the nectar of her holiest shrine, and feel that same hot, wet glove wrap around his dick. He was hers, now, and he knew it. He loved it... it felt so good... felt so RIGHT.

Karen threw the shackles into the wardrobe, along with her other toys, and a raft of new clothes. She turned to face her son on the bed, who was staring at her worshipfully, his cock still massively erect, a tower of manmeat standing proudly from his body. With a smirk, she walked purposely towards him, hips sashaying, grinning with obscene lust.

"Mmmmm... baby's cum feels sooooo gooood... from here," she touched her lips, still glistening with cummy residue, "all the way down to here." Karen ran her hand slowly down her body, rubbing her tits lightly, to rest in front of your pussy. "But mommy's cunt is jealous now, baby... she wants to taste you too..." Kneeling on the bed, now, her hand was rubbing the angry little nubbing of her clit. "You don't want to make mommy's pussy angry, do you, baby?"

"No, Mommy," Jared replied, staring openly at his mother, strumming her clitty.

"What a good boy my baby is," she straddled his hips again, except now her steamy cunt was bare, dripping its scalding juice down onto the sensitive head of his dick. "Now why don't you be a REALLY good boy, and RAM that COCK INTO MY CUNT!"

Hands shaking with lust, Jared readily complied, taking hold of her hips, and pushing his cock as far inside of that hot, beautiful hole as it would go.

"Oh, yessssssss," Karen hissed. "That feels soooooo GOOOOOOOD... your COCK is soooo HUGE, baby. You fill mommy up with all that HOT MEAT... now PUMP, baby, PUMP that BIG DICK of yours in my PUSSY... ahhhhh... yesss... FUCK me, Jared... FUCK MOMMY..."

"Mommmm... your PUSSY... so GOOOOD... TIGHT... HOT... WET... it's grabbing my COCK, mommy... your CUNT is grabbing my ah! COCK! I can feel it... it's sssssssoooo good, Mommy..."

Karen tore at her nightshirt, ripping it away from her tits. "OH YES! FUCK MOMMY! HARDER! FUCK MOMMY HARDER!" She began mauling at those beautiful, heavy globes, twisting and torturing her pink, plug-shaped nipples. "GIVE IT TO ME! GIVE ME ALL THAT BEAUTIFUL COCK! HARDER! POUND MOMMY'S CUNT, BABY! HARDER! YES! OH YES! SO HARD... SOOOOO BIIIG... FUCK ME! FUCK ME! FUCK MOMMY! FUCK MOMMMMMEEEE!!" Karen's cunt exploded as she rode his pistoning cock to oblivion, starbursts erupting behind her eyes; at the same time, she felt a jet of cum splatter her cervix, triggering a second orgasm... with each successive spurt of semen, Karen came, screaming joyously. He was hers! Forever! With a final cry of joy that signalled the biggest one yet, Karen fell on top of Jared, already making plans for tomorrow...
Chapter 3
Home | Top | JValet's Page |   Feedback to author


Home | JValet's Page « Graduate Work Index « Previous - Settings
Chapter 3
Posted: November 08, 2003 - 06:46:19 pm

Jared awoke the following morning with an empty stomach and a rumbling hunger in the back of his head. Hoping to slake at least one of his thirsts, he rolled over to discover, much to his dismay, that his mother was no longer in the bed with him; overhead, he heard the telltale sounds of someone walking around in heels, apparently busy working away at something.

Rolling off the bed, he cast about briefly for something to wear. None of his clothes from the night before was in evidence. Then it occurred to him that his mother would, most likely, not mind his nudity; in fact, the thought of her appraising gaze brought a stirring to his thick cock, despite the heavy use it had seen last night. In fact, the whole room smelled terribly of sweat and sex, and the bedsheets were a patchwork of dark stains where his cum had fallen, spewing forth from his mighty prick in steaming hot gobs. And yet, his balls were back to their original tennis-ball size.

Opening the door of the small chamber, Jared confirmed what he'd suspected. They'd been romping in the secret room that lay behind a door in his basement that had remained locked all of his young life.

"Jared? Is that you, honey?" His mom's voice called down from the top of the stairs.

"Yes, mom." He replied, cock rising to full mast at the mere sound of her voice.

"Good. I'm just getting breakfast ready; why don't you come on up and give your old mom a hand?" He took the stairs two at a time, mind swimming with erotic possiblities.

In the kitchen, he found Karen at the stove, wearing a white apron, a pair of while mules and nothing else. As she faced away from him, busy with breakfast, Jared stared in wonder at the smooth, tanned expanse of her bare back; the curling ends of that long chestnut mane tickled the skin just below her shoulder blades. His eyes trailed down along to her tailbone where they were met with the cock-stiffening sight of her pouty, perfectly round buttocks; the apron had been tied into a pretty bowtie at the back, loose ends trailing down into the deep crack of her ass. Her legs were spread slightly as she stood, and he could see the plump outer lips of her pussy; a thin trail of slime seeped out, and ran along her sculpted inner thigh.

"Morning, sweetie," she said, turning her head to give Jared a salacious smile. "Hungry?" Karen allowed one hand to drop between her legs, and it came back glistening with sticky dew. She offered it to her son, who took it gladly, greedily sucking at her fingers, glad to satisfy that thirst she'd given him.

"Do you like mommy's breakfast juice, baby?" It was a rhetorical question.

"Mmmphyes mom," Jared replied, sucking every trace of pussy cream from her hand.

"Good. Mommy's going to give her baby all of her breakfast juice, but she wants her little boy to do something, first. Something new."

"What?" He asked, curious. Karen knew he'd crawl over broken glass to get to her cunt, but she wasn't intending anything quite so unpleasant.

"I want you to get on your knees, baby, behind mommy, and put your hands on her ass." Jared quickly complied, eager for such a happy task; those firm, smooth cheeks simply begged to be squeezed. "Now, honey, spread my ass, just a little." He soon found himself staring at her wrinkled little asshole, pink, warm, and strangely inviting. "Now baby, I want you to french kiss mommy's ass until I tell you otherwise."

Jared leapt to his task, running his tongue over her ass crack, feeling the wrinkled folds of her rectum slide across his tastebuds. The spicy taste of her ass sent a strange new thrill through his body.

"Mmmm... that's right, baby, lick mommy's ass," Karen had been blessed with a sensitive behind, and right now her boy's ministrations were making her pussy tingle with delight, even though he never came near it. "Yessss... that's sooo nasssty, baby..." She shuddered uncontrollably and, ignoring the pancakes on the stove, began playing with her slippery cunt.

Her son continued to make out with her ass, licking and slurping away until the tip of his tongue slipped, quite unintentionally, up inside that tight little butthole. Karen's knees went weak for a moment at the sudden intrusion; she was going to get him to do that anyway, but wasn't expecting him to do it on his own. "Ohhh yesss, baby... that's it... put that tongue all the way up mommy's butt... tonguefuck her tight little shitter... mmmmmm..." Jared's mom groaned loudly, filling the kitchen with the sounds of a very pleased woman while he swirled his agile tongue up her asshole, both their bodies afire with the erotic energy of the nasty situation.

"Oh yessss... that's it... mommy loves the way you kiss her ass, baby..." Her son responded to the encouragement by pushing his face deeper into her springy cheeks, trying to get as much of his tongue up inside her as possible, loving the musky taste of her tightest crevasse. Karen had three fingers up inside her sopping cunt now, her other hand a blur as it flicked away at her clitty, breakfast long forgotten.

"Oh baby, tongue that ass... oh yes, oh god oh yes... oh fuck oh yeah... your face between my little buttcheeks... mmmmm... oh godohGodOHGODOHDGAAAAAAAAAAAWWWD!!" Karen's whole body was wracked with an intense orgasm, one which nearly knocked her on her ass, had her son not had his face firmly wedged in it.

"J-jared," she panted, "you can taste mommy now; her cunny's full of juice just for you, baby." He lost no time in shifting positions to lap away at his mom's cunt. Eyeing the rapidly burning pancakes in their pan, she wondered if he'd like cornflakes instead...

Later that morning found them back out by the pool, as yesterday, except this time Jared was naked, and his mother wore a blue bikini instead of her black one. They soaked up the summer sun, Karen on her chaise lounge, her son sitting poolside.

"Jared, honey, could you come here for a sec?" The boy quickly complied, cock bobbing in front of him. She raised her sunglasses and eyed it critically. Reaching out, she ran a single finger over the stiff meat in her face.

"Tsk, tsk," she clucked. "Just as I thought."

"What? What is it?" He asked, suddenly worried that the overuse of his dick had somehow damaged it.

"Sweetie, if you're going to have this monster out in the sun, you're simply going to have to put sunscreen on it; we certainly don't want mommy's pussy-pleaser to burn, do we?" A terrifying image of his dick, red and blistered came unbidden to his mind's eye.

"No, Ma'am!" He started to turn. "I'll go get some."

"Why don't we just work with what's at hand, baby?" She grabbed his cock. "I think I might have put too much on; I'm sure we can find a way to share it." Certainly, she had been somewhat liberal with the lotion this morning: her body glistened wetly in the sun, an erotic study in long, oiled limbs.

"I think I can feel some excess on my butt, sweetie... have a look, will you?" He gladly inspected those two beautifully rounded cheeks, looking delicious in the June sun, under their heavy coating of oil.

"Now, because the oil's already on, you're going to have to rub it in your penis directly, understand?" She tried hard to keep her voice serious.

"Y-you mean?" He stammered.

"That's right, baby - you're going to have to rub that cock of yours on mommy's ass - think you're up for it?" Without a second thought, he straddled her legs, laying his dick between the deep crevasse between her springy cheeks. It reached all the way from her defined hamstrings to the top of her tailbone.

"Let me get this out of your way first, darling," Karen said, untying the strings that held her bottoms on, and peeling it away from her asscrack.

"Now, you're going to have to get it all over that lovely monster between your legs, so put it between my cheeks, just to be sure," she instructed, reaching back to spread those firm globes to give her boy access. "Now push them tightly together, to make sure we get it all." Soon his cock was wrapped in a hot silky prison, and he began, timidly at first, but then with a will, to stroke his cock with her greasy buttocks.

Karen could feel his dick, already hard, turn to a steely pole of drooling boycock as he humped away at her ass. A large pool of precum was beginning to form at the small of her back as his motions became faster, harder; for Jared, this was heavenly - the slick feel of her ass against his cock was better than he could have imagined.

"Oh, mommy," he groaned. "You feel soo good... it's hot, wet... tight and slippery..."

"I know, baby," she replied. "that's because of the oil; but I think there's more back there."

"Where, mommy? This feels sooo gooood..."

"Try mommys puckered little hole, baby - I think I felt some slip in there; use your finger." Though he was reluctant to stop humping her behind, he was eager for more of that slippery wet hotness wrapped around his cock. His index finger, already greasy from holding her ass, slid easily iside her ass, and he wiggled it a little, sending shockwaves through Karen's body. She was humping the chaise in little motions now, grinding her cunt against it.

"Oh, mommy, I think there is more in here," he said, mesmerised by the sight of his finger, plunging into his mother's sweet little behind.

"Good baby, you know what to do." With relish, he grabbed her ass again in his hands, and positioned the head of his cock at the entrance to that spicy little hole. "Now, baby," she began, but he jumped the gun, unable to wait any longer, and simply pushed forward.

"OHMYFUCKINGGODOHBABYOHGODOH!!" Karen shrieked at the top of her lungs as she felt his massive cock invade her most private space, the sensation overwhelming her senses and triggering an instantaneous orgasm.

"Oh, Mommy! I can feel it! It's grabbing my penis, mommy!" Her bodily convulsions had caused that tiny hole to clench down on Jared's cock and his gargantuan tube of meat was trapped inside her greasy shitter.

"Oh god, baby! Mommy's sooooo full of your big fucking COCK!" She snapped her head back at Jared to give him a hungry glance. "What are you waiting for, little boy? Fuck mommy's ass! Ream mommy's needy little shit hole with that big, beautiful fuck stick of yours!" Her son began sliding his pole in and out of her bunghole, and was soon viciously pounding her asshole. All that grease up her ass made nasty wet noises as Jared slammed his meat in and out of her; her buttocks quaked with every impact of his hips when he bottomed out in her butt.

"Oh, mommy, you're soooo tight back here!"

"I know, baby. That's because you've got all that meat shoved up inside mommy's tiny little asshole!" And God, it felt good. There was simply so much of it, Karen thought he must be fucking all the way into her stomach with each thrust. She had NEVER been this full before, never in all her college orgies, in all the highschool gangbangs, NEVER. And all this sweet sweet meat belonged to her own little boy, who was addicted to her cunt, and would fuck his mommy for as long as she ever needed him to.

The thought of her getting to have all this meat for the rest of her life was enough to push Karen to the edge.

"Oh Baby! Mommy's going to come, baby! CUM with mommy! Pack mommy's ASS with all that sweet cum! Fuck all that boyjuice into me so hard it comes out my mouth, baby! Fuck me! Harder! HARDER! FUCK MOMMY HARDER, BABY! FILL MOMMY'S BELLY BABY!!" Karen's body convulsed with orgasmic energy once more, and her asshole clenched down on Jared's cock so hard he almost didn't cum. But they were both soon rewarded with the sensation of jet after jet of his creamy seed exploding inside her ass. There was so much of it, in fact, that he was still spurting weakly when he finally pulled out of her behind, and managed to paint her back with three large gobbets of cum.

Panting and shuddering, Karen came down from her erotic high. "Oh god, oh my sweet baby, you fuck sooo good..." she breathed, fixing him with a smouldering stare. Her itchy asshole was satisfied, but another hunger had been awakened in Jared's mother. His cock, still hard and huge and dripping his scalding hot semen all over her ass stared at her with its blinking little eye.

Suddenly wheeling around in the chaise, she said, "all that fucking's made mommy thirsty, baby. Come here and feed me some of that sweet cream." With that, she grabbed his ass, and quickly gobbled up his dripping fuckmeat, or as much of it as she could fit in her mouth.

Karen's blowjob was more an erotic assault than a sexual act. She noisily and nastily slurped the head of his cock, sucking hard, then licking lasciviously. One of her hands was rapidly stroking the length of that huge shaft, whipping semen all over her chest, while the other massaged his scrotum and even occasionaly dipped behind his scrotal sack to massage his prostate. He'd shown a little too much initiative in taking her ass like that; this was Karen's game, and would be played according to her rules. She had to show him who was in control here, who would decide who came and who didn't.

"Do you want to cum, little man? Do you want mommy to make you cum?" She pulled her mouth off of his dick, and looked him in the eye.

"Y-yes, mommy," he panted, though taken aback by the glare she was giving him.

"That's right little boy; and mommy's going to be the only one who makes you cum, EVER. Right?"

"Yes, mommy," Jared was a little scared, now. He thought all this shit was over, and everything from now on would just be fun with his mother.

"Good. Now do as mommy tells you, and give me all that sweet cream of yours; cum for mommy. Cum for your mother! Give me all that hot jizz all over my face! Come on, give it to me! Cum! CUM! CUUUUUMM!" He could take no more, and immediately began shooting rope after rope of his creamy jizz all over her beautiful features; five huge gobbets splattered her face; another plastered her eye. Half a dozen were directed down to paint her big, bouncing tits, now no longer restrained by the bikini. The rest she drank like a woman dying of thirst.

Once he was done, she looked at him with her open eye. "Go take a shower, and then meet me downstairs." It was time she opened that wardrobe, Karen decided.
Chapter 4
Home | Top | JValet's Page |   Feedback to author


Home | JValet's Page « Graduate Work Index « Previous - Settings
Chapter 4
Posted: November 08, 2003 - 06:46:19 pm

Jared clambered down the stairs, still damp from the shower, bare feet slapping against the wood of the stairs. For the first time in days, his dick, limp with fear, slapped against his thighs as he went. His heart pounded with fear? Anticipation? Both? He didn't know what his mom had planned, but Jared had the distinct impression that he was in trouble.

If he'd been able to put on a pair of pants, at least then he'd feel somewhat more secure. Unfortunately, there had been a heavy new padlock on his door, and no amount pushing had forced it open. He had a sneaky suspicion that the key was somewhere in his mother's possession and that he wouldn't be seeing it until she decided otherwise.

The concrete of the basement floor was so cold it almost burned the soles of his feet, so he tiptoed across to the little door at the back, penis dangling ridiculously. Jared "ooh!" and "ah!"-ed his way along, offering a prayer to some benevolent god that his ordeal would be quick, or easy, or both. The door loomed up before him, ominous and forbidding, and he hesitated before putting his hand on the knob.

Maybe he shouldn't. Maybe he should just run, get the hell out; hide someplace where his mom couldn't find him. Except he didn't have any pants. Except he didn't have anybody to call, really. Maybe-

"Jared honey, just open the door and come on in." Karen's voice sent a quiver through his body, and her son felt a tingle in the head of his cock, followed by a small rush of blood, despite the cold in the basement. Closing his eyes, and praying under his breath, Jared laid his hand on the doorknob, turned it, and entered.

As he walked in, the door slammed behind him, and a pair of warm, soft arms wrapped themselves around his waist; one hand, slick with some liquid, slipped over the head of his cock and began jerking it back to life while the other started tickling his fat balls. Hot breath kissed his shoulders and sweet lips played with his earlobe.

"We're going to have soooo much fun, baby; I'm going to fuck you again and again and again. You'd love that, wouldn't you, little boy? I know you would... but you've got a lesson to learn, first: nobody has any fun unless mommy says so." Her voice dropped to a low, sexy growl, and suddenly Jared felt something hard and cold slide down the length of his shaft to rest at the base, gripping his dick tight, but not uncomfortably so.

Jared's cock was rising rapidly now with his mother's ministrations; as his erection grew, so did the tightness around it's base. The obscene sounds of her hand sliding up and down his dick filled the room and almost drowned out the tiny click! as the grip around his shaft got much tighter. The sudden sensation made him gasp and look down; there, around his fat meat was a narrow band of metal, the purpose of which he could only imagine.

Once his cock was trapped, Karen released it and stood up. "Get on the bed," she ordered, giving him a shove. Confused and aroused, Jared tripped along, stumbling onto the bed. Rolling over onto his back, he saw Karen crawling up the bed towards him, wearing a diaphanous blue tube-top and a tiny skirt of the same material. Those massive tits of her bulged out from the top, her nipples poking through the top but not quite visible. She grabbed hold of his cock with one hand and began working it as she started kissing her way up his body.

"Mmmmm... mommy's little boy is sooo hard," Karen lingered for a moment to tongue his nipples, making Jared gasp again, and thrust harder into her hand. "Mommy's going to make sure you like learning her lesson, baby." She continued along, licking his trembling lips as she went, eventually pushing her huge tits into his face, smothering him in warm breast meat.

"Yesss, suck mommy's tits, little boy," shifting her tits until one silk-covered nipple pushed insistently, Karen felt her son's lips latch on and begin nibbling at her teat. "Ohhh, yeaah... bite my tits, boy... chew 'em... oh yess..." Her left hand redoubled its efforts on his cock while the right reached slowly behind the head of the bed.

Jared's head spun with the slick sensation of his mom's hand on his cock, the warmth of all that soft, silky skin pressed against his, the taste of her titflesh in his mouth, the way her subtle, musky perfume filled his nose. He almost didn't notice when she snapped the handcuffs onto his wrists.

"MMphh, nnoo," he pulled his mouth off of his mom's delicious tit, protesting loudly. "Please, mom, don't do this... let me go, please. I'll do whatever you want... fuck you any time you want, please, just let me go..."

"Oh, baby," Karen cooed, starting to crawl back down his body. "I know you would, but that's not what this is about. This has to do with control, baby. You've gotta learn who's in charge; you were too quick to fuck my ass this morning, little boy. If I couldn't trust you then, I'm going to have to train you 'til I can." She smiled up at him as she kissed her son's cockhead. "That cherry lube is good, baby, but not nearly as tasty as your sweet precum... yum!" Her plush, glossy lips wrapped around the head of his dong, sucking, licking, and nibbling the swollen purple head. Karen gobbled his prick greedily and sloppily; spit slobbered out from between her lips while she licked up the towering, pulsating shaft to the weeping mushroom at the top.

"Ohh mom, nooooo..." he groaned while his senses swam through the pleasure. And then, slap! slap! two more shackles on his ankles, holding him to the bed in a warm iron grip.

"I'll tell you what, baby," she pulled her mouth off his swollen meat. "When you cum, I'll let you go. How does that sound? One little cummy. Just splash all that hot spunk all over my face, and I'll unlock you." Her thumb rubbed the head of his cock so fast it was a blur. All Jared could do was thrust into her hand harder. "Come on, little boy, give mommy all that seed... I looove drinking your cum, baby. Cum for mommy! Cum! Cum! CUM!" He could feel the semen boil in his balls as his mother worked away at his cock, could feel the sweet pain build behind the head of his dick that signalled orgasm, that signalled the release of all his cream... but nothing happened. Sitting on the edge of orgasm, Jared's hips pumped faster into his mom's hand, the feeling building to a crest that never broke to that wave of pleasure.

After a few moments more of forcefully manipulating his dick, Karen took her hand from his cock, saying "I guess you don't want out that badly, now do you?" She licked the precum from her hand with a wet, pink tongue. "Mmmm... I was looking forward to slurping down all that cum, too..."

"Ah well," she sat back on her haunches, pushing her massive rack out; the fabric of her outfit was so thin that Jared could clearly see the darker circlhes of her nipples through the tube top; he could even make out the lips of her pretty pussy underneath the scrap of blue tied around her hips, dripping hot feminine cream down onto the bed. "You might not want to cum, little boy, but mommy certainly does." Her hand slipped underneath the skirt, and he could only watch helplessly as the shadow of her hand began working at that dripping little snatch.

"Ooooh, baby," Karen began humping her hand, inches away from his throbbing cock. "I wish this was your cum down here... I wish you'd spurted all that lovely hot cream all over mommy's thighs... mmmmm..." She bit a glossy pink lip and started to maul one of her tits. "Oh yeeahh... I wish my hands were all slippery with your spunk... spreading your seed all over my steaming cunt... pushing it up... up... up!" Jared strained at his restraints, eager to get at his mother, desperate to ram his cock up inside her tight little quim.

"Mom... I wanna fuck you... let me fuck you, please! I want to fuck your cunny, mommy!" Karen laughed at his insistent cries.

"I know you do, baby," there were wet sloshing noises coming from beneath her skirt. "You want mommy's tight little gash... to pound mommy's cunt until she cums, baby... to make mommy scream with all that thick meat." Karen began gasping and humping faster, working away at her steaming slit. "Ooooh yeeaaah... oh yes! Oh yes! Oh YES!!" Her body writhed, snakelike, muscles clenching as she brought herself to orgasm. Once she was done, Karen gave her son a smouldering look, wiping her hand and cunt dry with the obscene little skirt.

"Snack on this, baby." Ripping the skirt off with a jerk, Karen shoved it down inside his mouth, giving his tongue a searing appetiser of that delicious nectar that satisfied his deepest craving. His mouth full of fragrant fabric, Jared's frustrated cries were muffled while she got off the bed, and stalked over to the wardrobe, hips rocking back and forth, ass rolling sensually, long, muscular legs rippling gently.

Looking back at him over her shoulder, Karen ran her hand over the smooth, jiggling globe of an ass cheek. "I guess I can't really blame you for wanting to fuck this so badly, baby... mmmmm and your pole felt soooo good, filling up my tight little shitter. But you've gotta learn, baby... gotta learn to wait 'til I give the word." Opening the door of the wardrobe, Jared's view of her body was blocked, except for occasional glimpses of ass, or a nipple, or a shapely little foot.

In the meantime, he chewed the skirt, anxious to work all the cunt cream out of it, desperate to satisfy the hunger at the back of his head. The taste of his mother's juices reminded him of those tight little lips, peeking out at him from above, pink and glistening wet, not to mention her tight little rosebud with a spicy taste all of its own. He gave a groan of frustration and struggled against his bonds again; his fat cock was hard and needy, eager for even a moment of the hot tight heaven of his mother's twin holes.

"Ooooh, baby... are you getting frustrated?" Karen sauntered out on a pair of black, skintight, calf-high boots with five-inch heels and a tight vest of the same colour, breasts spilling out between the lapels and jiggling with every step. Her hair had been piled high atop her head in a mass of chestnut curls. His mom's pussy was completely bare, save for a tiny 'V' of pubic hair, pointing to the steaming hot hole between her thighs. A bulging doctor's bag hung from one hand.

Jared nodded frantically, mumbling around the skirt in his mouth. His massive cock, erect and drooling, bobbed in sympathy.

"Oh, I'm sooo sorry, baby, but you've got to learn, haven't you?" She pulled a plush armchair over from beside the wardrobe, and sat down, putting her feet up on the bed. She ran the toe of her left boot down the underside of his stiff cock. He moaned into the sopping wet skirt and tried to hump her foot, desperate for sensation, any sensation.

"I bet you wish this was my hand, baby," Karen rubbed the soft leather over the head of his cock, smearing the surface with his sticky precum. "Just like I wish this," she reached into the bag and pulled out a thick pink dildo, almost as big as Jared's huge cock, but not quite. "... was your thick meat, baby." The ridged sole of her tall boot sent quivers through Jared's spine and his dick as she began to slowly stroke him with it. "Oh, honey," Karen spread her other leg wide, and ran the head of the dildo over her sopping-wet labia, exposing the angry pink inner lips and that empty, needy hole between her thighs. "I wish this was your dick, little boy... teasing my wet little hole with the tip of your cock... mmmmmm, oh yeah..."

She slooowly ran the ridges of her boot over the weeping mushroom at the tip of his dick, teasing the boy as each rubber wedge flicked over his sensitive crown. The more he struggled, the slower she went, knowing that the delicious shockwaves that were rocking Jared's body were sheer erotic torture.

"My poor little boy... feels soooo good, doesn't it? I bet you wish you could cum, don't you? Spurt all that creamy polish over my boots, paint mommy's thighs with your hot seed... almost as much as I want to push your cock into my tight little cunny, like thisssss..." The bulbous head of her dildo vanished into her waiting gash, sending a gush of pussy juice out around the latex head to spatter loudly on the floor. "Oh god, yesssss, baby... I wish this was your cock, so sloooowly stroking in and out of mommy's cunt..." She pushed the imitation dick as far into her snatch as it would go, until there was only enough pink plastic left outside her hot gates to pull it out again; the toe of her boot pressed hard against his swollen head, and Jared screamed with pleasure and frustration.

"Mmmmm, mommy's pussy is soooo full, baby," Karen's thumb started strumming her clit as she started stroking his dick faster with her foot. "But your cock is sooo much better... you stretch mommy out like nobody else, little boy... mommy feels you in places nobody's ever touched before... mmmmmm... oh yeah... fuck mommy, baby. Fuck mommy's foot like you'd fuck her cunt, Jared... yeah, hump my foot like a dog, baby... mmmmm, yeah..." Karen started pumping her own pussy with her dildo, making sloshing noises as the cunt juice flowed out around the fake cock, her hand shining wetly with pussy cream. Her son obdeiently humped himself at the sole of her boot as hard as he could, huge balls slapping against his own thighs as he fucked himself on her foot.

"Oh yeah, little boy... fuck my foot... like you'd fuck this sweet lil' cunny of mine, baby... mmmmm yes... fuck it harder! Fuck my foot HARDER! Yeah! That's right! Hump it! Oh baby, I wish you were in me! I wish I had all that hot meat in my cunt... squeezing... milking... pulling all that hot juice out of your big ol' balls... oh, yes! Fuck it! Fuck me! Fuck! FUCK! FUUUUUUCK!" Karen and Jared screamed in unison as orgasm hit her, sending her body writhing and coiling in the throes of orgasmic energy.

She came down slowly, panting and sweating, but Jared kept screaming and squirming on the bed. It took her a moment to figure out what had happened: when the orgasm had washed over her body, her legs had shot straight out, and three inches of Karen's heel had sunk itself up inside Jared's virgin asshole. Jared's frantic writhing was caused by the fiery sensation his mother's invasion had produced in his stiff cock; an agony he'd never known before, coupled with the sensuous fire of orgasm? Upon closer inspection, Karen spotted a thick, white ribbon of cum slowly seeping out of his throbbing cocknob; not spurting in orgasmic release, but gradually dribbling out.

She sat back, a wicked grin on her face. Jared's mom certainly hadn't thought of that before! As possibilites turned themselves over in her head, the doorbell rang.

Both mother and son froze; one with fear, the other with curiosity. Pulling her heel out of his ass, Karen stood, a lopsided grin on her face.

"Now who could that be?" She asked herself, ignoring Jared, flopping around on the bed like a landed fish. Grabbing a skirt from behind the bedhead, she left the room, and mounted the stairs.

Jared's frustration and pain hit him like a wave, and he had to fight back a quiet sob.
Chapter 5
Home | Top | JValet's Page |   Feedback to author


Home | JValet's Page « Graduate Work Index « Previous - Settings
Chapter 5
Posted: November 08, 2003 - 06:46:19 pm

Taking the steps two at a time, Karen wrapped the skirt she'd grabbed around her waist and tied the ends together; it was more of a poolside coverup than a skirt, really, a thin black wrap that was slung low on her hips and completely parted on one side, allowing a lucky spectator a view of her entire left leg. Not exactly an outfit to go to the opera in, but it'd make do for the moment. Reaching out for the doorknob, she hoped that it wasn't quite thin enough for somebody to notice that her pussy was running like a leaky faucet; she'd left Jared in a precarious spot, and the fire in her cunt was telling her to get back to him soon.

She opened the door to reveal the hopeful face of her sixteen-year-old neice, Catherine, standing on the doorstep with a small carryon suitcase. The hopeful look dropped to one of complete shock as Catherine took in the form of her divorcee aunt; where once lived a conservative woman in her late thirties now stood a mature sexbomb dressed to kill in a too-tight vest that pushed her heaving bosom up and out, calf-high boots with stiletto heels and a thin skirt that was slit all the way up to the top of her left thigh.

"A-aunt Karen?" Cathy stuttered, not knowing what to make of her aunt's new wardrobe.

In the meanwhile, fuelled by the burning lust incited by the tease session she'd just had with her son, Karen's gaze raked over the slim form of the girl standing before her. She assessed the teenager, gazing at the lithe calves exposed by a pair of baggy, knee-length shorts, the undeniable curve of her hip that vanished under the hem of her oversized t-shirt; her teenage tits, probably just under hand-sized, could barely be discerned inside the shirt, but the older woman's eye missed nothing. Cathy was blonde, like her father, but had the hazel eyes of Karen's side of the family. Pouty pink teenage lips pursed in confusion.

"I'm sorry, dear, of course it's me!" Karen stepped back to allow her niece entry. "Why don't you come on in?" She hungrily devoured the subtle roll and sway of Cathy's hips as the girl passed by, understated by the Birkenstocks, but unmistakeable. The girl had such raw promise! If only someone would mould her into a more appropriate shape; her pussy quivered with anticipation.

"I know I'm a week early," Cathy began, giving her Aunt's place the once-over. It was upscale, owing to Karen's chemical cash-cow, and decorated tastefully, but simply. "But mom and dad were fighting again, so I just decided to make the trip a little earlier than planned." Actually, they had been fighting over whether or not to let Cathy come at all; Karen's sister had been quite adamant about her daughter staying with "that slut of a sister of mine." Of course, neither Catherine nor her father had any idea what Marion had been going on about, and the argument had been still raging when Cathy had slipped out the front door, taking only the bare essentials with her. She knew her mom'd be mad, but who gave a fuck? Cathy loved her aunt, liked Jared, and absolutely adored their big house with the pool and the huge, private back yard.

"That's alright, honey," Karen followed the teenager, trying to imagine what her cute little behind would look like in a pair of cutoffs; she'd been hoping to have Jared broken completely by the time Catherine arrived so that she could concentrate on one youngster at a time, but this would work out fine as well - if she worked fast enough, maybe her sweet little niece could help deal with Jared by supper time. "I've already got your room done upstairs, so everything should be fine."

"Really?" Cathy turned, her eyes lit up.

"Yep," Karen nodded. "I even took the liberty of stocking the closet in there a little. I hope you don't mind? I see you didn't bring much luggage, anyway."

"What?" The girl glanced down at her carryon and blushed prettily. "Oh, yeah, well you know what they say... 'pack light!'"

"Why don't you take a shower, dear, and get out of those grotty clothes; you look like you've been on the move all night." With a chipper "n'kay!" Cathy hugged her aunt, and ran up the stairs. The feeling of that supple young body pressed against her own gave Karen a delicious shiver as she imagined her sweet face mashed into a waiting pussy, or servicing Jared's cock, or frozen in ecstasy atop his massive pole.

He, meanwhile, lay shivering with fear in the basement playroom, still sucking at Karen's discarded skirt, completely unaware of what was going on upstairs, yet not deflated; the traces of her pussy still remaining in the fabric had been enough to keep his massive erection from flagging. So, when his mother strode in, whipping her wraparound skirt from her hips, she found him still more or less the way she'd left him, which suited her just fine. The thought of the future that lay ahead for her youthful niece had stoked the fires in Karen's cunt, sending her pussy cream churning and making her painfully aware of the ache between her thighs.

Unable to resist the hunger of her needy hole any longer, Jared's mom simply got up on the bed, swung one leg over her boy's big cock, and impaled her sopping snatch upon it. The sudden sensation of scalding hot cunt wrapped around his dick snapped the boy out of his fearful reverie.

"Oh, baby," Karen cooed, rolling her hips as she rode, grinding her pubic bone against his meaty shaft. "Your little cuz is upstairs... do you remember Cathy? Sweet little Cathy with the slender body and cocksucker lips? I bet you do, little boy... I bet you stroked all this fat meat thinking about your pretty little cuz... about pushing all this cock through her pretty pink lips. Mmmmmm... oh yeah, little boy... and she's mine, now... all mine to play with, all summer long... I'll take that sweet angel face and turn her into a controlling cocktease just - unh! - like - unh! - me!" Though he was exhausted from their earlier session, Jared couldn't help but thrust back at his mother; the feeling of her tight cunt, grinding and milking his phallus without pause or mercy was too much - he had to fuck back, had to try to push an orgasm through the metal finger that held him in check.

"That's right, little boy... fuck mommy... hammer my lil' cunny while I ride you... mommy knows what you need... some tight, wet, mothercunt to pull all that sticky goo right out of you. Wouldn't you love that, baby? To blow your wad in mommy's pussy? Mmmmm... I know I would love to feel all your hot cream splash against the back of my sloppy snatch... to feel your boy juice fill mommy's pussy to the brim, spilling back out onto your tummy while I keep riding you, a big puddle of gooey seed that mommy can lap up later. Would you like that, baby? Watching mommy's cummy lips lick your belly clean of all your sticky jizz? Oh, that's right, little boy... fuck mommy harder! Ram that big cock into me... fuck me! Make me cum, baby! Oh, yes! Fuck me! FuckmefuckmefuckmefuckmeFUCKMEEEEEEEE!!" Karen's wail was loud and long as her sloppy cunt gushed all over her son's fat meat, finally reaching orgasm, though Jared was left humping away at her still, his own orgasm sealed behind a metal dam.

She rode her boy through two such orgasms before climbing down off his pussy-pleaser, sopping wet and glistening in the light. Her body still quaked in the aftershocks of the two huge orgasms Jared had given her, and though she hungered for more, Karen knew that her niece would be getting out of the shower soon, if she hadn't already. Wiping the girlcum with the discarded skirt, she tossed it over Jared's face.

"Here baby," she giggled. "That rag in your mouth must not be tasting very good anymore. This should keep you good 'n ready for mommy when she comes back." Jared simply lay there, exhausted, his nostrils full of her pussy perfume, brain on fire with the need to taste it, dick still fully erect. "I'll be back in a little while, little boy..." He barely heard her change clothes and leave; that aching hunger for her pussy juice was consuming his brain, while his orgasmic famine consumed the brain between his legs.

Cathy vigorously toweled her blonde, page-boy locks, checking herself out in the full-length mirror on the closet door of her new room. What she saw was a slim sixteen-year-old (too skinny, she thought) with long, lithe (gangly) legs, perfectly smooth, peaches and cream skin (too pale - I'll have to get some sun), cute little apple-sized tits (way too small - I wish I had breasts like Aunt Karen), and a tight ass that was almost boyish (nice behind, girlfriend!). More or less satisfied with what she saw (is any woman ever really satisfied with what they see in the mirror?), the teenager opened the closet door, chewing one plump, pink lip with anticipation.

She gazed at the inside of the closet, brimming with clothing, tees, tank-tops, jeans, skirts, shorts, an entire summer wardrobe; upon closer inspection, a lot of it was the really cool stuff her mother would have had a stroke over. Low-slung jeans, denim minis, cropped tank tops, short-shorts, and more! Reaching inside, she pulled out a pink tank with the word "Tease" written across it in swirly, glittery letters. Deciding not to wear a bra (you couldn't really hide the straps anyway, and besides, she felt like being naughty for once!), Cathy wiggled into the tight shirt, her firm young tits stretching the lettering in a cock stiffening manner. She opened the drawer, and "oooohed" at the racy, powder-blue thong that lay on top; she actually owned a pair of these, smuggled in under her mom's watchful eye, that she wore on special occasions. The excited girl stepped into them, enjoying the sensation of the tight material cupping her pubic mound. Giggling with glee, Cathy grabbed a pair of blue short-shorts out of the closet; a pink racing stripe ran down the abbreviated legs, drawing attention to her slim thighs, while a tiny pocket on the back rode high on the gentle curves of her behind.

"Cathy honey? Are you in here?" Karen opened the door and, once her gaze fell upon the petite schoolgirl, smiled lasciviously. The girl would be perfect! "That looks great on you," she gushed, while her pussy did likewise, "you must have all the boys drooling, darling."

The girl blushed. "No," she said, then made a disgusted noise at the back of her throat. "Have you seen what mom makes me wear? I'd be less covered in a nun's habit!"

"Well, so long as you're staying with your Aunty Karen you can wear whatever you want," Karen's smile widened, thinking about the outfits she'd have the little sexpot wearing by the end of the week, by the end of the day; Marion's eyes would fall out of her head if she only knew what "that slut of a sister" had planned to dress her little girl in.

"Why don't you come downstairs with me, Cathy, and we'll have some girltalk." The teenager followed her aunt downstairs, observing her ripe buttocks twitching underneath a pair of yoga pants, and hoping to have a body like that someday.

The pair proceeded to sit down at the kitchen table, and, over a couple of tall, cold lemonades, began chatting, catching up on each other's lives, who was dating whom, which relations were about to separate, and how many arguments Cathy's parent's had had this week.

"Your mom's a cunt, honey. Always has been, always will be." Karen pronounced, and her nice just nodded, taking a gulp of the soursweet drink.

"I know... she's so uptight! I mean, gawd, she won't even let me date or anything," she giggled, and winked conspiratorily. "But I've been seeing Bobby Franklin anyway. He kisses soooo good, Aunty Karen... it just makes me brrrrr! All, like, quivery inside."

The two gave themselves up to long peals of girly laughter, drinking their lemonade and chattering away.

"So, like, where's Jared anyway?" Cathy asked eventually. "I haven't seen him since I got here. And was that a padlock I saw on his door?"

"He's just out running some errands for his dear old mom," Karen waved the question away with her hand. "He put that lock on himself; he kept saying something about privacy and his space." A moue of distaste crossed her pouty lips. "As if he had something to hide! Hmph. Anyway, you'll see him before long. Another drink?" She picked up both glasses and strode to the fridge, slipping something out of a pocket in her workout pants.

Moments later, another tall glass of lemonade appeared in front of Cathy; in the heat of a summer afternoon, the teenager greedily gulped the stuff down, glad for the cool drink. Karen simply sat down across the table and smiled.

"Anyway, like I was saying, dear, I'm sure we'll have a great time while you're here; you can use the pool, we can go to the mall and do girl stuff, we can take in a movie or two, maybe go- Cathy? Cathy, honey? Are you alright?" Wearing a look of mock concern, Cathy's aunt leaned across the table, and waved a hand in front of the girl's glassy eyes. Excellent; the mickey she'd slipped the teenager had acted faster than she'd thought it would.

Standing, Karen snaked her way over; she had to act fast. Cathy's mind would only be open to suggestion for fifteen minutes, and the drug was too powerful to risk administering a second time, as it would likely turn the girl into a mindless zombie. She would have given it to Jared long before, but didn't like mixing this shit with all the other chemicals that were swilling around in his blood already. At any rate, she had a fifteen minute window to make a few "suggestions," and then the girl would be very pliable and uninhibited for about two hours before passing out.

Licking her lips like a hungry predator, she leaned close to Cathy's ear, and began whispering, talking directly to the girl's brain...

Jared, in the meantime, lay quietly on the bed, too tired to struggle against his bonds anymore, his arms and hands stiff and cold, face covered by the the black skirt that filled his head with the seductive aroma of his mom's cunt, his cock still painfully erect and unsatisfied. At least he'd managed to push the sodden remains of Karen's blue skirt out of his mouth; after he'd sucked all the mommy juice out of it, of course. Now he was reduced to taking occasional licks at the fabric over his head, unable to resist the taste of her pussy.

Suddenly, the door opened behind him, followed by the sound of bare feet whispering across the hardwood floor. Was that-

"Mom?" He called out cautiously. The only answer was a high-pitched giggle. Definitely not his mother's sultry voice. No. She couldn't have; not so soon, not Cathy, not his cute little cousin. Fingers traced their way lightly over Jared's chest, the touch feather light and warm. They made their way inexorably south, tickling the hair on his upper thighs before starting on his cock; they ran up that huge shaft, following the network of thick veins that crisscrossed under the sensitive skin. One finger strayed at the leaking mushroom head, playing with the sticky precum while others followed the column on the underside of his dick right down to his balls, hairy, swollen, and larger than the fists of the female playing with them.

"M-mom?" Jared called out again, revelling in the teasing, tickling sensations someone's dainty hands were applying to his throbbing cock. Whoever it was simply giggled again, and he felt the touch of a tongue, right on his weeping slit. Then another. And another. Kitten kisses all over his purple plum, tasting, teasing, stoking the fire building in his balls.

"Miss me, baby?" The skirt was whisked from his face, and Jared found himself staring up into the leering face of his mother, wearing a blue tank top whose lace-up collar was bursting with her massive, tanned tits. Looking down, he saw that his fears were confirmed as Cathy stooped to taste the sticky goo leaking from his cocknob once more.

"I bet you're thirsty, aren't you, little boy?" She asked, and, not waiting for an answer, swung herself up on the bed, straddling her son's face, and giving him a good look at her now-naked pussy. The yoga pants lay somewhere between this room and the kitchen, Karen too eager to begin to keep from playing with herself.

"What abmphhh!" Jared's question about his cousin's behaviour was stifled by the sweet cunt descending upon his face, slick girlcum coating his features. The taste and smell of his mom's fresh pussy were too much for his overloaded brain, and the boy immediately fell to, lapping away at her cunt like a dying man, drinking down as much of her sweet mommy-juice as he could.

Karen rode his face hard while Cathy continued her taste-test of his dick. She ground her clitty right into his nose, using it like a french tickler while his tongue explored her tight hole, too desparate to cum to really care about whether or not it hurt him. She knew he'd be feeling no pain anyway; her pussy juice would keep him on a happy, horny high for a while.

"That's right, baby... suck mommy's cunt... drink down all that sweet juicy-juice; lap it up, little boy. Give mommy what she needs, and mommy will fill that hungry little mouth of yours with all the drink you can handle... oh yeah, put that tongue up there... guzzle down all that sweet cuntcream little boy... oh yessssss..." Karen's body shook as an orgasm quietly overtook her, flooding Jared's mouth with her secretions. She kept on riding him, using his features as a fucktoy, cumming twice more before feeling another need building up behind her pussy.

"Still thirsty, baby? Yeah? You are? Well, open wide, baby, cause mommy's gonna give you all you could ever want." Panting with excitement, Karen repositioned herself, and let her bladder go, right into her son's waiting mouth. Scalding hot piss filled his mouth and Jared, surprised at the tangy golden pee, tried to pull away but to no avail. His mom's grip on his hair was too tight; she just kept on riding his face, grinding her clitty against his teeth while filling his mouth with her piss. She brought herself to a fourth orgasm, revelling in the pure nastiness of using her boy's mouth as a toilet.

Eventually, she came down from her orgasmic high, and climbed off Jared's face, leaving her son gasping for air, his face a sticky mess of girlcum and piss. She stalked over to Cathy, who was still teasing Jared's cock with her pink little tongue and curious, tickling fingers. Pulling the girl to her feet, and eliciting a groan from her son as the sensations on his cock came to a halt. The two cockteasing females began making out, tongues sloppily duelling with one another, while Karen's hand shot into her niece's shorts. The teenager giggled, and squirmed against the invading fingers that expertly played with her virgin pussy.

Suddenly, clothes were flying as the pair eagerly stripped each other, hands freely roaming over soft skin, fondling nipples, teasing clitties, and grabbing succulent asscheeks. They eventually fell to the huge bed, a tangle of long, feminine limbs that giggled and groaned and made soft, wet noises. They wound up straddling Jared's torso, still kissing heavily while each played with the other's clitty. He could feel their pussies pressed up against his skin, leaving a hot, wet trail behind them as they diddled one another. Cathy's pink, glowing rosebud stared him in the face, winking occasionally as a shudder wracked the teenager's body.

Karen was slowly pushing her niece up Jared's torso, bringing her slim cheeks ever closer to his head; soon, the girls hottest, tightest hole rested on his chin, pussy juice leaking down over his throat. He knew what was expected of him, and gave her puckered asshole a tentative lap. Cathy shivered as his tongue tickled her sensitive anal ring, and as a reward, Karen grabbed his cock and thumbed the crown. Soon, Cathy was quivering and gasping with pleasure as Jared shoved his agile tongue up her rectum, his body thrilling while Karen played with the sticky mushroom head of his meat, fucking herself on Cathy's quick little fingers.

The trio became a frozen plateau of sex as the two females simultaneously attained orgasm, Karen and Cathy creaming all over each other's hands, while Jared remained frustrated and horny beyond belief; the teenager, overcome with the drug flowing in her blood and the hitherto unknown heights of pleasure to which she'd been brought by her nasty relations, passed out then and there, flopping bonelessly into Karen's arms.

"Alone at last, baby," she said, pulling the teenager to rest on one side of the bed. "Don;t worry about her: she won't remember a thing in the morning, except for some very hot dreams. I think it's high time we took care of you, little boy, and I'm sure you'd agree." Jared simply nodded, his jaw sore and tongue worn out with activity. Kneeling at the foot of the bed, she took his cock in hand, and began to stroke it, slowly. Her lips wrapped themselves around his angry purple head, sucking lightly while a finger tickled his own puckered asshole. His head spun with the attention he was recieving, and almost didn't notice when the tickling finger became an invader, slipping inside his most intimate space.

His body jerked hard on the bed, but Karen simply laughed around his cock and kept up her sensual assault on his genitalia, stroking his prostate from inside. To Jared, it felt as though a fire had been lit inside his massive dick, as it burned and swelled and surged with blood. There was a terrible pressure building at the base, a terrible, wonderful pressure he'd never known before, not even when he'd had to pee so badly it hurt. He had to cum; he had to get back this wonderful pleasure that he'd only just been introduced to. Jared groaned and squirmed, trying to push the orgasm past the metal dam gripping his cock so tightly.

"Oh, pleasemommyplease," he begged. "Please let me cum, mommy... I'll do whatever you want. You're in control, mommy... I'll never do anything unless you tell me, mommy. I promise! Just please let me cum mommypleasemommyplease!" Karen smiled in triumph as her son babbled his promises. Reaching under the bed, she pulled out the tiny key that held all that thick hot cream in check. A quiet snick! filled the room as the cockring came undone, clattering to the floor. Suddenly, Jared was aware of a loosening at the base of his massive cock, and he could feel the orgasm slowly fill his towering meat while his mother loudly sucked at the head, still massaging his swollen prostate.

What happened next surprised both mother and son. Instead of a single titanic explosion, the cum simply flowed freely from the head of his cock, a massive river of cum that to Jared felt like a continuous orgasm. Karen pulled her head off his dick, massaging the shaft with her free hand, and watched in awe as the cum just slowly pumped from his gigantic balls, quickly coating her fingers, his dick, pooling on his belly. She greedily began slurping it down as the scalding hot seed kept coming, filling her belly with his sweet cream. Her son just kept pumping it out, however, and she grinned with cummy lips, knowing that here was a veritable fountain of semen, enough to bathe in! Laughing gleefully, she began playing with it, spreading the goo all over her tits, her face, her ass until she literally dripped with his thick spew.

She laughed and slurped long into the afternoon while Jared lay on the bed, mind broken at last to his mother's will, and Cathy dreamed of hot fuck sessions with her aunt and cousin...
Chapter 6
Home | Top | JValet's Page |   Feedback to author


Home | JValet's Page « Graduate Work Index « Previous - Settings
Chapter 6
Posted: November 08, 2003 - 06:46:19 pm

The next morning found Cathy stirring in her new bed, fair skin flushed a bright shade of pink, nipples as hard as steel, and a free hand jammed into her sticky pussy; the fingers felt cramped and stiff, as if they had been there all night. She slowly swam back up into consciousness, trying to recall the dreams she'd had that night, and how she'd gotten into bed in the first place. The last thing she remembered was talking with Karen at the kitchen table, and then nothing. She must have fallen asleep in her chair; Cathy hoped her aunt wasn't offended by her rudeness.

Slowly, the teenager sat up in bed, noticing for the first time that she was stark naked, but not really caring; obviously, Karen had gotten her ready for bed. A sudden image of her voluptuous aunt's hands roaming over her slim body flashed through the teen's mind, and brought a fresh blush to her cheeks, while her pussy spasmed.

Aunt Karen is the most beautiful, sexy woman you've ever met, a tiny, familiar voice whispered in the back of her mind. You'd love to be just like her.

Cathy swung those long, coltish legs out of bed and, with a catlike stretch, stood. Her cute little tits felt tight, as though swollen. She checked herself out in the mirror. Did they look a little bigger this morning? Tits. Big and beautiful and perfect for making a man drool. If only you had a pair like Aunt Karen.

Yeah. If only. She tweaked her nipples, and felt a sharp twinge of pleasure in her damp pussy. Throwing on an abbreviated robe in pink satin, Cathy left to take a shower, trying to remember if the showerhead in there was detachable.

Karen, in the meanwhile, was sitting at the kitchen table, eating breakfast and looking radiant after yesterday's cumbath; all that steamy cream was doing wonders for her skin. Jared, on his hands and knees between her legs, eagerly lapped away at her sloppy cunt, enjoying a liquid breakfast.

One of her hands was resting lightly on his head, occasionaly mashing the boy's features against her burning clitty. Her nimble toes tortured the head of Jared's cock, squeezing and stroking him, occasionally tickling his massive balls.

"Mmmmm... that's good, honey... you're getting so good at this; looks like mommy's little boy is a natural cuntlapper. Oooh... right there, baby... slurp up all that juicy pussy cream... oh yesss..." Karen ground her gushing quim against his face, rubbing his nose in her clit, smearing the scalding cuntsauce all over him; her pussy was absolutely flooded: it was dripping onto the chair and flowing down onto the floor in a puddle.

Jared sucked and swallowed as much of her pussy juice as he could, her delicious girl-goo suffusing his body with a heat and a buzz that centred in his genitals. The light strokes of her toes on his massive erection did nothing to alleviate the pressure that was steadily building up in his fist-sized testicles; he wanted to cum, and had since his mother had awakened him with an early-morning hand-job, but the metal band that wrapped itself around the base of his penis prevented any "accidents." Still, there was a steady flow of precum from the purple mushroom capping his fuckstick, providing ample lube for his mother's teasing toes.

Suddenly, Karen's encouragments were lost in a crescendo of pleasure, and her thighs clenched his face tight; a gush of fragrant liquid filled his mouth and nostrils with the taste that satisfied his new hunger. But it wasn't over; when her gyrations had ceased, she kept her legs tight around him, and a new taste flooded his mouth.

"That's right, you nasty little fucker, drink down momma's piss; wash your breakfast down with some hot mommy juice!" She held Jared tight until her bladder was emptied into his stomach, then pulled him out from underneath the table and told him to stand up.

"Time for mommy's breakfast shake, baby," Karen said, taking hold of the hot meat bobbing in front of her face. The slit wept thick precum, heavy drops splattering loudly on the floor; she sampled them, her tongue flicking out, kittenlike, feathering the head of his dick with sensations that made his knees weak.

With one deft hand, Jared's mom removed the cockring that held his semen in check while thumbing the head with the other. He could feel cool, slender fingers begin tickling his balls, sending the copious amounts of semen there a-boiling.

Karen smacked her lush, glossy lips, anticipating the sweet, hot cream stored up in those fat, beautiful balls of his. She couldn't wait any longer, and assaulted her son's cock with her hands, swiftly bringing him to the brink.

"Give me all that sweet seed baby... feed your mommy... that's right, come for mommy, let me drink down all of my baby's hot cream... cum... cum... CUMMMM!!!" Jared, panting and sweating, quickly complied, and thick ropes of cum began spurting forth from his cock; Karen was quick to direct his spewing prick towards an empty glass sitting on the table, and it was rapidly filled with his semen, a full pint of cock cream.

"Yum!" Jared's mom exclaimed, picking up the glass, and taking a sip, then a gulp, then began guzzling down the steaming jizz as fast as she could, not caring that some spilt down her chin to settle in the deep valley of her cleavage. When it was empty, she looked at him, her lips and chin a gooey mess; pulling his head down, Karen engaged her son in a sloppy soul-kiss, her tongue wrestling with his.

"Now go put on those clothes I laid out for you," she said after a few minutes, and sent him off with a slap on the ass. "We can't let your sweet little cousin in on the goods too soon... you might scare her with that big ol' cock of yours."

Simple. Whispered the little voice. What would Karen wear? Cathy chewed a plump pink lip for a moment, deciding. Reaching into the closet, she pulled out a tight orange sleeveless top with a long keyhole cutout that ran from the hollow of her throat to just below her breasts, showing off the inside curves of her young tits; a brief white skirt followed, made of some filmy material that clung to the curves of her springy little ass.

To avoid pantylines, the teen slipped into a brief white thong; she really enjoyed the way that the white silk cupped her sensitive pubic mound, freshly shaved. Bare and smooth as silk, invites the worshiping tongue.

The decision between bright white sneakers with thick soles and a pair of 3" white mules with orange heels was tough, but eventually the heels won out. Tall, tall heels for long, long legs... put yourself up on that pedestal for them.

After the application of some shimmering lip gloss, Cathy decided she was as satisfied with her appearance as she was liable to get, and went downstairs, her legs quickly adjusting to the new level of balance and coordination required by the heels.

In the kitchen, she found Karen still seated at the table, scooping something out of a glass into her mouth, slurping her fingers hungrily. Her aunt was still in her pyjamas, a matching camisole and boyleg panties with a flowery blue pattern that barely hid her assets; a pair of kitten-heeled blue slippers sat discarded under the table, where it looked as if something had spilled on the floor.

"'Morning, honey," Karen said between slurps, hearing Cathy's heels strike the linoleum.

"Morning," the teen replied, sitting at the table. There was a heady scent in the air, and though it was familiar, she couldn't quite place it; it smelled delicious, though, she thought to herself as she began to salivate.

"I thought maybe we'd head downtown today," Karen said, putting the glass down; it looked like she'd been drinking one of those power shakes. "Y'know, hit the mall, do a little shopping." She smacked her lips. "That sound fine with you?"

"Sure!" Cathy enthused. Any excuse to spend time with her Aunt. Karen's so beautiful, so sexy, so great. She can do no wrong.

"I think I'll see if Jared wants to tag along." Karen said, standing.

"Jared?" The teen felt a little dismayed at having to share her time with her aunt.

"Well, somebody's got to carry all those bags," she said with a smile.

Because serving is what they're meant to do. Cathy smiled in return, and both females chuckled.

"Just give me a couple of minutes to change, and we can head right out," Karen turned to leave.

"Can I have one of those power shakes, Aunt Karen? Like, for breakfast?" The girl asked hopefully before her aunt could leave.

"Sorry, honey, there's none left; maybe we can share one tomorrow, 'kay?" The thought of her niece slurping a "shake" direct from the source sent a delicious shiver through Karen's body.

"Kay."

Trailing his mom and his cousin through the mall, Jared had the second best view in the building. Karen and Cathy walked arm in arm, chattering away at each other, protoge and teacher. Cathy's fresh teenage body was a cock-stiffening sight, her little skirt occasionally flipping up to give him a veiled view of her sweet behind, but it couldn't hold a candle to his mom's ripe, sensuous curves, the succulent contours of her ass wrapped in skintight, faded denim, while an off-the-shoulder white top displayed the first quarter of her huge, quivering tits as well as giving glimpses of her taut, tanned tummy; all this was perched atop a pair of sky-high black sandals, barely two leather straps that held the five-inch heels to her feet. The only better view would have been to see what went on in the changing rooms, from which, for the sake of decorum, he had been barred. It simply woudn't have done to be kicked out of the mall before Karen had a chance to show Cathy all the ways in which a girl could tease a man.

Karen had not stopped whispering in her niece's ear since they entered the mall, her lips occasionally capturing the delicate pink lobe for a quick nibble, and a hand caressing the teen's lower back. Cathy, on the other hand, had something of a glazed look on her face; her mind was laid open to Karen's suggestions, the older siren having planted a backdoor to Cathy's subconscious the previous evening.

"Look at them staring," she hissed, giving the teen's ear a lick, "watch their eyes roving over your body, stroking your breasts, feeling the smooth length of those beautiful legs... tasting you with their gaze... they want you... they all want you... and that gives you power..."

She steered them into a shoe store, and sat Cathy down on a bench, snagging one of the salesmen as he went past. "My niece would like to see a pair of these in a size six," she dangled a pair of pink thong sandals with tall wedge heels before his staring eyes. "Could you give us a hand?" She pouted a little, and the poor bugger scurried off with a raging hard-on.

In moments, he was back, smiling triumphantly, holding up a brown shoebox as though it was a prize. Karen sat down next to her niece, facing away from the salesman, her mouth still in Cathy's ear, whispering encouragements and directions.

As he put the box down on the floor, the teenager lifted a lithe leg, pointing her dainty foot at his face, cute little toes wiggling before his eyes, the nails painted a light shade of pink. "Would you mind?" She asked coyly, practically shoving her adorable peds into his mouth.

The flustered salesman took her foot in his hand, sweaty palm sliding against, firm teenaged flesh, and opened the box. He slid one shoe out and, trying desperately not to stare up this girl's skirt, slipped it onto her foot.

"Look at him," Karen hissed, "sweating, flushed, hands shaking. I bet his puny little cock is all stiff for you, honey... the harder his little leash is, the easier it is to pull him around." Cathy nodded, absorbing every word that was dropped into her ear like a sponge.

"Excuse me, Mr. Salesman," the teen said, leaning over. Her firm teenage tits practically spilled out of the split in her top, exposing a vast amount of satiny young flesh to his gaze, momentarily distracting him from her slender thighs. "Do you have a name?"

"F-fred," he stammered, pulling his eyes from the gravitational pull of her plump breasts.

"Freddie, would you mind if I just rested my poor little foot on your legs? I've been walking around all day long, and they're just sooo tired. You wouldn't mind, would you?" She batted her eyes, and smiled coyly.

"N-no," he swallowed loudly.

"Thank you, Freddie, you've been sooo helpful," her delicate foot came to rest lightly on his upper thigh, cute little toes flexing and working away at his pant leg like a cat's paw.

"Well," he began, "customer service is..."

"Oh, Freddie," Cathy cut him off. "You're not going to bore me with your silly slogans, are you? I might just decide to leave without buying anything, and you wouldn't want that, would you?" Her foot inched its way up his leg, flexing and kneading towards the bulge in his brown dress pants. "You don't know how grateful I can be to a helpful little salesman, Freddie."

His eyes shot wide open. This couldn't be happening; this teenage sexbomb could not be coming on to him, here, in the store, with her friend? Sister? sitting right next to her, their boyfriend? brother? not far away, laden down with a dozen bags. His mind swam with possibilities; never in all his web-fueled fantasies about customers and storerooms had he expected anything like this to happen to him.

"Do you get a discount at this store, Freddie?" Cathy asked, spreading her thighs ever so slightly, giving him a dog's eye view of her panty-covered cunt. His eyes were inexorably drawn to the patch of white framed by creamy skin and that sinfully short skirt. Was that a wet spot? Unconsciously, he began to lean in to get a better view, when suddenly she shut her legs again.

"Naughty, naughty, Freddie." She chided softly. "Trying to look up my skirt. Trying to get a look at my tight little cunny... would you like to see it?" Her voice dropped to a whisper. "Would you like to taste my cunt, Freddie? You don't know how grateful I can be." Her foot was crawling all over the decidedly average erection in his pants.

"He's not very big, is he?" Karen whispered. "Big enough to tease, big enough to lead him by, but not nearly big enough to fuck; men like this are mere mind- fucks. Not worthy of that treasure between your legs... unless they want to worship it with their tongues. You need a real cock, regardless of to whom it belongs."

"Freddy," Cathy was saying as her aunt wrote her own version of Scripture on the teen's mind. "Do you know the saying 'I'll scratch your back if you scratch mind?'" Her foot was working away at his crotch, inexperienced but making up for it through sheer enthusiasm. "I'm sure you can cover one little pair of shoes, can't you, Freddie? Just say, 'yes' Freddie, and I'll make you feel sooo good; there are lots of ways a girl can thank a helpful guy like yourself."

It took him all of three seconds to decide. This was too much for him to handle; the sensations of her foot on his dick, the glimpses of her pert tits, the way she kept flashing her tight little cooze... he was no match for her, and he knew it.

"Yes!" He hissed urgently.

"Oh, thank you, Freddie!" Cathy gushed with glee, pushing hard down on his dick, rubbing her toes against the head of the salesman's cock. "Let me thank you properly." The feeling in his crotch quickly overtook any common sense he may have had left, and suddenly a bloom of wetness appeared underneath her dainty toes, a stain that slowly spread in his pants as she pushed his comparatively puny load around in his shorts. She slid her foot into the other shoe, and, picking up her discarded pair (they quickly vanished into one of Jared's many bags) she walked out of the store, Karen on her arm, the pair of them flushed with arousal.

Jared walked uncomfortably along behind them, his tumescent cock a massive tube that ran down the left leg of his too-small khakis.
Chapter 7
Home | Top | JValet's Page |   Feedback to author


Home | JValet's Page « Graduate Work Index « Previous - Settings
Chapter 7
Posted: November 08, 2003 - 06:46:19 pm

Jared sat on the plush "boyfriend bench" in the changing area of Victoria's Secret, his feet lost in a growing crop of shopping bags, listening to his mom negotiating with the store manager.

"Ma'am, I'm afraid that this is highly irr-" the woman began, and then Jared heard the sound of bills being ruffled by nimble fingers.

"I'm sure we can find some way to compensate for the inconvenience," Karen said. "Of course, we'll buy everything we try on; we simply desire a little, shall we say, privacy?"

"I'm sorry, but-" more bills joined their brethren in a green chorus out on the floor of the shop.

"If you're so adamant, then we'll simply take our business to the Frederick's across the concourse," Jared could hear his mother smile that carnivorous grin. Cathy sat next to him, legs crossed, dangling a shoe from her pretty little toes, one hand resting lightly on his thigh. The teenager's fingernails were tracing tiny patterns in the strained fabric of his pants, right over the swollen head of his fat cock. A small patch of dampness was beginning to show as precum stained his pantleg; Cathy stopped her torment just long enough to raise a wet finger to her lips and sample her cousin's juice.

Karen strode back in, a collection of clothes hangers swinging from either hand, a wide variety of apparel in each, of many colours and fabrics; she gave one to Cathy, who clutched it to her chest, and dashed into one of the changing booths.

"I thought it might be nice to get a man's opinion on some of these pretty things," she told her son, running a long-nailed finger down his chest, coming to rest in his lap. "Be right back, honey." With that, Jared's mom turned and retreated into another booth, her ass sashaying back and forth underneath it's skintight denim covering.

A sudden clatter out in the store jerked Jared out of his erotic trance. Peeking outside, he watched the store manager pushing the clear plastic doors across the door, as if closing for the day. His mom had been serious about wanting some "privacy," it seemed. He attempted to adjust his thickening tool as it threatened to split the inseam of his pants wide open, but it was no use, simply spreading the thick precum around, doing more damage than anything else.

"Naughty, naughty," he heard Cathy chide. "Touching yourself like that..." she strode out of the changing room, wearing an apple-green polo-shirt that was a full size too small, the hem riding just above her navel, all three buttons undone to reveal her jiggling teenaged cleavage. A pair of tiny denim shorts wrapped themselves around her svelte hips, the material mechanically worn down so that they were as soft and tight as only an old pair of jeans could be; they were spattered artfully with paint and, as she pirouetted for him, Jared could see two white handprints across the boyish curve of her little ass cheeks.

"I bet you wish those had been your hands, don't you, cuz?" Leaning against the wall, Cathy bent over at the waist, filling Jared's view with her pouty little denim-clad butt. "Grabbing my sweet little cheeks, squeezing them, spreading that thick, creamy goo all over the place, spreading my tight little ass wide so you can have a look at my tiny little bunghole," one hand reached back to fondle and maul her own buttock, her slender fingers digging into firm teenage flesh.

Jared wanted desperately to leap to his feet, to grab this hot little teasing slut and have his way with her, fill every hole in her body with his fuckmeat, to watch her limbs jerk with pleasure as he reamed that tempting little asshole of hers... he half-rose to his feet, forgetting about the steel ribbon that kept his cum sealed safely away.

"Ah-ah-ahhhhh..." Karen's voice sent a quiver through her son's knees, and he found himself seated again. "Try on something else, Cathy darling; it's my turn, now." The teen slowly straightened, gave her cousin a salacious look, and returned to her changing room, blowing Jared a kiss.

But his attention was riveted to the door of his mom's cubicle, through which she stepped, wearing a blue dress of some incredibly thin fabric that molded itself to his mother's incredible curves, revealing every hollow of her body, right down to the tiny veins that cris-crossed her erect nipples. The hem was ridiculously short, swirling about her upper thighs as she moved, giving him glimpses of the tiny black panties she wore underneath, and allowing Jared to drink in all of her long, sculpted legs, perched atop a pair of blue mules with four-inch heels. The top of the dress had an open collar with a deep neck, and a pair of silky blue strings hung from the lapels, their purpose to tie the neckline closed, for a more modest look; Karen, however, had left them untied, allowing her tits to jiggle freely for a captive audience.

"My poor baby," she said in mock sympathy, "did that nasty little girl tease you with her sexy little body?" Stepping over the shopping bags, she settled her delicious ass in his lap, wrapping her arms around his neck, and pushing all that soft, smooth titflesh into her son's face.

"Silly girl should know that it's a mommy's job to make her baby all hard and hot and leave him wanting," Karen wiggled her ass on Jared's cock, feeling his fat meat pressing into her like a lead pipe. "This is mommy's toy, mommy's cock to play with as she sees fit, isn't it?" A muffled reply came from the depths of her cleavage. "That's right, and as much as we both might want you to take all that hot cock and stuff it into my sloppy li'l mommycunt, or kiss my greasy little asshole with your tongue, or drink all that sweet, sweet, cream straight out of your balls... the tease is much more fun... for now." She pulled Jared's head out of her tits long enough to share a long, sloppy kiss with him, then hopped off his lap, and traipsed on back into the changing room.

Cathy soon appeared, wearing an abbreviated denim dress whose halter top was only just wide enough to cover her stiff nipples; she bent over for her cousin again, giving him a glimpse of her shaved mound, and pretty pink pussy lips, leaking cunt juice down her creamy legs. The teenaged sexpot fingered her clit a little, sampling the liquid streaming out of her snatch.

"Don't you wish this was your tongue, cuz?" She asked with a smile. "Don't you want to be on your knees, between my legs, lapping away at all this smack cunt cream? I bet it'd taste reeeal good on that big ol' dick of yours; wouldn't you like me to slurp up all my girly goo off your fat meat? Maybe take the head of it in my mouth and give it a suck, a nibble, a lick..." Before he could answer, she straightened, laughed, and returned to the privacy of the cubicle, just as her aunt was coming out.

Karen was in her new "workout gear," a pair of yoga pants that were tight enough to mould themselves perfectly to the curves of her ass, and a tiny pink tanktop with a built-in bra that pushed her already huge tits up and out. She began to squat-thrust, and lunge, as though he weren't there, pushing her ripe ass into his face, spreading her legs wide for him so that he could see the wet spot forming at his mother's crotch, finishing with a move that nearly popped her tits right out of their tight pink prison, pushing those massive mammaries out in obscene fashion.

"You're drooling," she commented with a smirk before leaving him alone once more.

But not for long, as Cathy soon followed, wearing her "pj's" a black, skintight, square-necked t-shirt that fell to the slim curve of her ass cheeks, and a pair of low-cut bikini briefs of the same colour. The fabric was just diaphanous enough that an observer could make out the shape and size of her nipples through the top.

"D'you like?" She asked impishly. "Cuddling up to my favourite cousin in this... or less; you sleep naked, right, Jared? I don't know what I'd do if your thing got all stiff in the night." She feigned an innocent look. "I'm sure you'd show me what to do with it, wouldn't you?" The stain on his pants was growing wider and darker by the second; his cock had been leaking precum for God only knew how long, now.

Jared's mother came out next in a red babydoll with flyaway panels that exposed her taut, flat belly; the scalloped demi-cups did a poor job of concealing her nipples, the dusky aureolae peeking out for all to see. Smiling devilishly, she simply knelt between his legs and began kissing the tube of meat pressing against his pantleg, her tongue flicking out to sample the widening precum stain; the changing area was filled with the sounds of Jared moaning in pleasure as his mom mouthed his cock through his khakis. His knuckles whitened as he gripped the edge of the bench, his body crying out for release, but unable to achieve it.

His next groan was one of disappointment as Karen stood, smacking her lips; she walked to Cathy's door, and rapped on it sharply.

"Wear the one at the bottom next," she instructed her neice, "and wait until you hear me coming out, okay?"

"'Nkay," the teenager replied, the glee in her voice undisguisable.

Both doors opened simultaneously, or nearly so, as Jared sat there, insides quivering, cock throbbing, balls churning; he knew that there was still an ordeal to survive in this sexual odyssey his mother had been leading him on.

The first thing he saw was Cathy's leg, that long, slender limb slowly extending from the changing booth, strappy black sandal dangling from her little foot; the heel defined and shaped the teen's creamy calf muscles. It just kept coming, an expanse of smooth skin that went on forever, up her firm young thighs, the hem riding high on her hip; as she came all the way out, Jared saw that his cousin was wearing a long, black nightgown of the sheerest fabric he'd ever seen, the hem cut so that it exposed the entirety of one fantastic leg while covering nearly all of the other. It was so thin that he could make out the cleft of her tiny pussy lips; the whole was trimmed in pink, with a long bow tied between her perky little tits, bobbing just out of view.

"I think he likes it, darling," Karen said as she strode into view, wearing a similarly long nightgown, but one with a more modest hem; however, the neckline was a deeply-cut V, extending down to her cute little navel, a thin lace straining to hold her huge, wobbling breasts behind the fabric. It was decorated with a black, lacy pattern, leaving huge expanses of her toned, ripe flesh exposed to his view; there were strategic concessions to modesty, covering her nipples and the pouty lips of her cunt, but nothing concealed the line of pubic hair that pointed the way to heaven. The back was cut away completely to reveal her bare shapely back right down to the first curves of her ripe ass.

Jared's mom walked over to her niece and hugged her from behind, towering over the slim blonde, revealing the stark contrast between Cathy's young curves and Karen's wet-dream body; the older woman began running her hands over the teen's body, fondling her orange-sized breasts, revelling in the silky skin exposed by the high-cut skirt, nibbling at her neck.

"She's got such a sweet little body, doesn't she, baby?" Karen asked, looking Jared in the eye. "Look at these li'l titties... just big enough for my hands, or a mouth... firm, fresh curves that just make you drool... and who could forget this," she pulled the fabric away from Cathy's thighs to reveal her pouty, bare cunt. "Looks just like a juicy little peach, doesn't it, honey? Without the fuzz, of course." Her fingers ran over the hairless pubic mound, making the teen writhe in her arms and press against the older woman's curvaceous form.

Karen's nimble digits spread the lips of that beautifully smooth little cunt and took a quick dip inside; Cathy responded with a whimper and a shudder. When the invading fingers were withdrawn, slick with cunt cream, the teen whined in disappointment.

Her aunt greedily slurped the juice from her fingers. "Mmmmm... she's sooo sweet, baby. Wouldn't you like a taste?" Jared, his body limp in an erotic trance, slid from the bench to his knees on the floor, scattering the shopping bags in a tumble of shoes, lingerie, and other assorted goodies.

"That's right, honey, crawl over here and sample your cousin's sweet little pussy," she cooed, flicking the teen's clitty, eliciting more excited groans from Cathy. Eagerly, Jared did as he was told, moving on all fours as fast as he could until he sat between Cathy's legs, and took hold of her slim thighs, pushing his face into her tiny cunt. He began to feed from her pussy as he had fed from his mother's, with abandon, even though her sweet cunt juice did nothing to satisfy the intense hunger for Karen's snatch.

"Oh God oh yesssss..." Cathy breathed as she felt his skilled tongue lapping away at her inexperienced pussy; her nipples were aflame as Karen mauled the teen's firm tits, pulling and twisting the pink nubs. Her first day under her aunt's tutelage had been a highly arousing trip, and she was now quickly reaching her peak, finally recieving the direct stimulation she'd craved all day long. The teen's fingers tangled themselves in Jared's hair, holding onto his head for dear life as she rode his face; he was soon rewarded with a gush of fragrant fuck juice, sweeter tasting than his mom's, but not anywhere near as delicious as the nectar he thirsted for.

As the boy pulled his sticky face from his cousin's sopping snatch, he heard his mom say "I think it's time we went back home, kiddies; mommy wants to play for real."

The three of them hadn't gotten much further than the front entrance when Karen instructed her son to "strip and kneel... right here, right now; Cathy, be a dear and take some of these bags up to my bedroom while your cousin gets rid of those confining pants of his."

As her niece scampered upstairs, carrying a wealth of bulging shopping bags, Jared's mom stood over him while he pulled his clothes off as fast as he could. Her eyes raked his body hungrily, lingering on that massive fuckstick as it wobbled into view, dripping precum, jutting proudly from his groin.

Raising her foot, she ran her delectable little toes over the slippery head of his dick, sending a shuver through the boy's body. Karen chuckled to herself as the heady aroma of his arousal wafted up from his kneeling form; her dark eyes met his, and she saw the pleading there, the bottomless need she'd inspired in Jared's mind that only she could satisfy, the hopeless desire and sexual hunger that kept him firmly under her thumb. She licked her lips, realising that the events of the last few days had awakened the hunger that'd she'd spent so many years hiding under baggy clothes and a veneer of normalcy: his addiction was feeding her own, and she couldn't care less.

Jared sat there on his haunches, gritting his teeth while his mother played with his overteased meat; he knew that his only option was to suffer through it, if suffering it could be called, knowing full well that the path to satisfying the need in his massively swollen balls, and the craving in the depths of his head, lay on the other side of whatever she had in store for him. Her toes tickled his boiling, churning testicles while his mom stroked his prick with her soft little foot, coaxing more and more slippery, salty grease to spill from his tortured cock, but none of the cream that was bursting for release.

Karen drew her foot away from his pole, eliciting a disappointed groan; she watched in fascination as a strand of sticky goo roped its way between her toes and his cock, eventually splattering on the floor in a thick, silvery line.

"Look at the mess you've made on mommy's new shoes," she said gently. "I taught you better than that... sop up all that nasty goo with your tongue, baby." Dropping to all fours, Jared began sucking, licking, and nibbling at his mother's toes, slurping his own salty spew. As he worshipped her feet, Karen couldn't help but paw at her dripping snatch through the soft, worn denim of her skintight jeans.

She heard Cathy's heels clip-clop back down the stairs, but couldn't bear to look away from the spectacle of her own son lapping obediently at her feet. The teen, too, was transfixed by the sight of her aunt, that tall, chestnut-maned sex-goddess, breasts heaving underneath a flimsy white off-the-shoulder blouse, rubbing her denim-covered cunt, receiving the adulation of a naked Jared, his titanic member swinging freely, leaking copious amounts of precum onto the floor.

"Look at him," Karen addressed Cathy, her eyes never leaving Jared's back. "Look at what his cock has reduced him to. Grovelling, desperate, a toy for our use, made that way by the brain between his legs; he needs to cum so badly, he'd do anything, absolutely anything to shoot all that beautiful, sweet semen he's got stored up in there. It's backed up into his stomach, by now, and mommy's little boy needs to blow his load soooo badly, don't you?"

"Yes smack mommy slurp."

"I know you do, baby boy, but you're going to have to wait 'til mommy says so." She withdrew her foot from his worshipping mouth. "Now get in that recliner over there." As soon as the boy was seated, Karen pulled the lever on the chair, forcing him into a recumbent position, legs spread, dick pointing accusingly at the ceiling. She directed Cathy to seat herself on the footrest, between his splayed thighs, staring at his meaty tower and the hairy, swollen sac resting beneath it.

"Why don't you give your cousin's cock a friendly little peck, Cathy honey?" Grinning, the girl leaned in and planted a tender kiss on the angry purple head of Jared's cock. Her soft, bubblegum pink lips came away slick and sticky with his goo; she smacked her lips and, tasting his arousal, swooped in again, this time latching onto the weeping slit and suckling gently. Her fingertips gently traced the network of thick veins that was mapped across the sensitive skin of his cock, eliciting wordless encouragement from Jared.

"Now why don't you keep him occupied while I go change into something more... appropriate," Karen bent to give her boy a quick lick on the earlobe, then traipsed upstairs, leaving the "kids" to their own devices for the moment.

Once her aunt had mounted the stairs, Cathy took her mouth off of his dick and looked Jared straight in the eye. "I can't wait to get this monster inside me," she said, tickling his scrotum. "Aunt Karen says that this is the only kind of cock that a girl like me should have... not a normal little needledick, but a nice, thick, pillar of boymeat to split my slippery little cunt wide open; so I guess that means we'll be having lots of fun together, 'cause I don't know anybody who's got a tool like this." She licked the crown of his dick, just as Karen had instructed, slurping his precum loudly.

"Oh, I'll probably keep Bobby Franklin around, but mostly 'cause I figure his tongue will be, like, sooooo good up in my cute li'l cunny." She winked at him, and stood. Reaching under her tiny white skirt, the teenager quickly skinned out of her brief thong panties and threw them in Jared's face. "Put those in your mouth, cuz; I want you to taste me while I play with your big ol' prick." He eagerly stuffed the scrap of fabric in his mouth, and the taste of her sweet pussy made his tongue tingle.

She straddled his hips, and gently lowered her steaming gash onto his massive dong, pushing it flat against his belly. His cousin's tight cunt was hot against his skin, the juice from her quim running down the shaft as the plump lips were spread by the pole between her legs. Cathy began to hump his fuckstick, grinding her pussy against it, juicing her tasty little peach on his meat; Jared's hands rose to take hold of her hips so that he could hump her back, desperate for any sensation that might lead to an orgasm, but she grabbed hold of his wrists and, with surprising strength, pushed them back. Leaning in over the boy, she kissed him hard on the lips, tasting her own cunt cream; her tits, unencumbered by a bra and separated from his chest by a thin tanktop, were pressed tightly together by the shirt and almost spilled out as Cathy loomed over her cousin. Her nipples, poking out like pencil erasers, were drilling hot little holes in the skin of his torso.

Her nimble tongue slipped past his lips and, taking hold of her own panties, she drew them out from his mouth; she spat them aside, and dove in again to take Jared in a sloppy soul kiss, her tongue tangling with his as she rode him like a bedpost, spreading her scalding-hot pussy juice all over his cock, running over the cock ring in rivulets to soak his huge, dangling balls.

"Do you wanna fuck me?" The teen pulled back again, her short, blonde curls in disarray, her eyes smouldering with blue heat, tits pushed against his chest. "Do you wanna ram that cock into me? Bust my little cherry? Split my tiny cunt wide open with all this meat?" She stopped humping for a moment, the lips of her pussy poised at the head of his cock, spread ever so slightly by the mushroom cap that was almost as large as her own fist; precum flowed freely from the spasming slit, mingling with the tasty cream that dripped from her snatch.

"Yes," Jared replied, gritting his teeth; he knew what the consequences of one premature thrust upwards would be: tight, hot heaven, followed by a punishment that didn't bear thinking about - he'd learned the lessons of the day before.

"Well, you're just going to have to wait, cuz." Cathy giggled, and resumed humping. "Your mommy told me I was supposed to wait until she said otherwise." She ground her swollen clit hard against his steely meat. "I can't wait 'til she does, though. I bet you fuck soooo good, cuz. I bet it feels soooo good to be packed full of cock."

"Oh, it does, honey," Kathy's voice rang out through the room. "To feel so completely full, as though every nook and cranny of your panting little cunt is simply crammed, stuffed with meat, thrusting, pounding, pulverising your pussy until it feels like your whole body is being rammed full of stiff young cock."

Jared's mom walked into view, heels striking the floor loudly in the stunned silence. She was wearing an almost sheer bodystocking; the dusky nylon, stretched tightly across Karen's curves, was barely dark enough to hide her pink nipples, not enough to hide the thin arrow of hair, pointing at her tight cunt. She turned to give Jared a look at her ass, those beautiful cheeks jostling against one another inside their thin package, and bendt over to give him a good, long, look at the sopping wet peach of her pussy... meanwhile, Cathy gave his fat cock a hard ride, her hot, wet pussy sliding along the sensitive underside of his dick. She, too, was staring in rapt wonder at this gorgeous creature who'd walked into their midst, exuding sex from every pore.

Jared's mom stalked over to where the two teenagers were humping in the chair and gave her neice a sloppy kiss, one hand groping Cathy's firm tit through her tight tank-top. The girl responded by releasing one of Jared's hands to play with her bloated clitty while she arched her jiggling breastmeat into Karen's hand.

Suddenly, Jared's head was surrounded by darkness as his mother spread her thighs obscenely wide to straddle his face while he lay prostrate in the chair. The silky texture of the nylon caressed his cheeks as her sopping pussy descended upon his mouth. Releasing Cathy's tit and her tongue, Karen bent over, laying her body atop his, pressing her huge tits against his stomach, hair spilling out over his abdomen, tickling his sides; her mouth came to rest right at the juncture of his cocknob and Cathy's cunt, and she fell to making a meal of both his dong and her gash, lapping up the cuntcream and the precum like a kitten, sending both teens into a paroxysm of lust.

Cathy's hands released Jared's so she could stabilize her trembling body; Jared used his newfound freedom to take a double handful of meaty asscheek so he could push his mother's juicy cunt as far onto his thirsty mouth as he could. While he slurped down mouthfuls of Karen's cunt cream, she eagerly french-kissed his massive cock, jamming the tip of her agile tongue into the slit of his cock, eliciting a frantic jerk from Jared's hips, and a new flood of sweet precum that splashed against her chin. Soon, Karen, herself quite revved up from the day's festivities, was cumming atop her son's face, slaking his thirst for her juice.

"Oh yes, little boy! Make your Mommy cum! Drink down all mommy's juice, just like every day for the rest of your life! You're gonna suck mommy's sweet cunny all the time, little man... whether she's dirty or clean... maybe some day I'll get a harness, and see if you can spend the whole day with your face strapped to mommy's cunt... Mmmmmm... yes! Oh God! Ohgod ohgodohgodohgodohgAAAWWWWDDDD!!"

Once she finished coming down from her orgasmic high, Karen disentangled herself from Jared's worshipping tongue, stood, and pushed Cathy off his cock. "You're going to have to wait, darling... I want this... I want my special little toy..." Spreading her legs and bending at the waist to grab hold of the coffee table, she gave Jared a salacious look. "Come fuck mommy, baby... take mommy's cunt like I know you want to..."

Rising slowly, struggling for breath, his chin still dripping with his mother's pussy juice, Jared lifted himself from the chair; on unsteady feet, he walked over to his mom, waiting impatiently for his dick. She shook her ass invitingly, egging him on; the teenager took hold of a firm grasp of her ass, taking a moment to stare at her winking bunghole through the thin veil of fabric that separated mother and son.

Gritting his teeth, Jared positioned the dripping, tortured head of his massive fuck stick at the entrance of Karen's sopping gash, feeling the heat and savouring the sensation. Then, with a single thrust, he rammed his bloated member right through the flimsy barrier between them, sending his cock home as far as he could push it until he hit bottom. Grunting like an animal, he simply began to pound away at Karen's pussy, slamming his hips against hers, feeling the flesh ripple under his hands; his fingers were tearing holes in the nylon, and soon bit into her buttery flesh.

"YES! FUCK MOMMY'S CUNT!! Oh, GAWD, baby... that it! J-just like THAT!! OH! GOD, you're so FUCKING huge... fill me up... FUCK ME HARDER!" Of her own volition, Cathy scooted between Jared's legs and applied her mouth to his balls, dripping with a tasty cocktail of his juices, Karen's, and her own.

"C-cathy..." Jared's mother panted, her body trembling from the sheer punishment her needy pussy was taking. "Cathy, on th- OH the b-bottom OHf my left GAWD sh-shoe, th-there'sssssss a k-key..."

The girl kept up her assault on Jared's testicles while her nimble hands slipped underneath her aunt's shoe, quickly coming back up with a tiny silver key, scotch tape still flapping from it. The click of a lock coming open was barely audible over Jared's inhuman noises and Karen's loud encouragements, but for him the difference was immediately noticeable. That impenetrable steely dam that had held him back all day long vanished; he could feel the sheer liquid pleasure soar from his tightening balls to the swollen head of his cock. He rammed his mom's cunt faster as his dick jumped; her pussy spasmed around that pole of meat when she felt the first splash of Jared's steaming hot cum against the back wall of her womb.

Orgasm washed over the two of them simultaneously, Jared's triggering his mom's; Karen's tight cunt filled with her son's cream to overflowing as his massive testicles released their long-delayed payload. He continued thrusting while Karen came and came, pumping his semen like a piston, working it up into a froth; the excess goo spilled out in copious amounts, splashing all over Cathy's upturned face. The teen tried to catch as much of the milky spew as she could, slurping it all down as though it tasted like a vanilla milkshake.

Suddenly, the pair on the table collapsed, crashing to the floor in sexual exhaustion; Jared's dick, jerking like a firehose, pulled out of his mom's leaking cunt, still firing rope after rope of cock cream; on her hands and knees, Cathy scuttled over to take his spurting cock in hand and feed from his manmilk, sperm dripping from her sweet, teenaged features. Karen simply lay on the floor, panting, a huge grin painted across her face.

The boy had long since passed out.

He awoke on the couch, wearing a pair of distended boxer shorts; on the coffee table in front of the TV sat a huge bowl of potato chips and a two-litre of cola.

"Jared, honey," Karen walked into view, wearing an abbreviated red t-shirt dress that came to about midway down her firm thighs and was cut low enough to expose her massive tits, jiggling freely beneath the tight fabric. "Your cousin and I are going to go catch a movie; I think you could use some rest to recharge those 'batteries' of yours." She gave him an impish smile. "Think you can stay out of trouble for one evening?" Without waiting for an answer, she walked away, supple ass swaying beneath a flippy skirt, feet perched atop a pair of red thongs with four-inch heels.

Outside, in a dark car, a pair of female eyes watched aunt and neice wave goodbye to Jared from the doorway and pull out of the driveway. A pink tongue swept across dry lips, and a dainty foot in a high-heeled black mule clicked against the sidewalk as the watcher left her car and stalked up to the Smythes' front door. Beneath a knee-length black skirt, her panties were already moist...
Chapter 8
Home | Top | JValet's Page |   Feedback to author



Home | JValet's Page « Graduate Work Index « Previous - Settings
Chapter 8
Posted: November 08, 2003 - 06:46:19 pm

A firm rap on the front door drove Jared from his half-slumber on the couch; the day's activites had left him drained, in every sense of the word, though his balls were recharging at a superhuman rate, and would soon be back at capacity. He sat up on the couch like a startled prairie dog, heart in his throat. What to do? His mom hadn't left him any instructions as to what to do if someone came to the door. She also hadn't left him any pants.

The knock came again, and he remained frozen on the couch, silently praying that the visitor would go the way they came; had they seen that the house was ablaze with lights? A third knock sent him vaulting over the back of his sofa. What if it was his mom? What if she'd forgotten her keys? He'd be in serious dog shit then; Lord only knew when his next orgasm would come if he left Karen standing outside her own house.

"Hang on!" he called out, casting about desperately for something that would cover the abbreviated boxer shorts he was currently wearing. The thick stem of his cock lay heavy and limp against his thigh, the large purple head tapping his left leg, free of the shorts and in clear sight. Running for the linen closet, he pulled out a large white towel and tied it 'round his waist. With a dash into the kitchen, he doused his head in the sink, then bolted for the front door just as there was a fourth, impatient rap.

Wrenching the knob, Jared flung the door open. "I'm sooo sorry," he gushed, "I was in the shower and... Ms. Hernandes?"

Standing just over the threshold, in the pool of light thrown from inside the house, stood the exquisite guidance counsellor from his high school, Ms. Carmen Hernandes. Standing at just five-foot two, the petite latina wore a white mock turtleneck that opened just above the swell of her cappucino cleavage, and a knee-length black skirt that rode low on her curvaceous hips, giving him a peek at her tight stomach; a slit on the side allowed Jared to see more slim calf and toned thigh, while a pair of black mules raised her height a few inches more, bringing the top of her head just above his chin. Night-black hair tied in a pony tail, Ms. Hernandes wore a pair of wire-framed glasses perched on the end of her nose and a wide smile on plush, coral-pink lips.

"Good evening, Jared," she said. "I was wondering if I could have a word with you about your opportunities now that you're fresh out of high school." Her smile widened at the word 'opportunities, ' and she started across the threshold. "You don't mind if I come in, do you?" Jared had no time to formulate an appropriate reply, and she pushed right past him.

"Is your mother here?" She asked, already knowing the answer. Beneath her shirt, wide, chocolate-coloured aureolae crinkled as blood rushed to her nipples.

"Ah, no," he said. "Maybe you should come back when she..."

"Oh, don't be silly," the counsellor turned to give him an impish look. "You're a big boy now, Jared. You don't need your mommy to hold your hand, do you?"

She continued on towards the couch, the lush curves of her buttocks twitching beneath the skirt that was so tightly wrapped around her hips while the hem swirled about her shapely knees; Ms. Hernandes sat down on the couch and crossed her legs, widening the slit and giving Jared a good long look at a vast expanse of muscular thigh.

"Come on, Jared," she patted the cushion next to her. "Sit next to me; I don't bite." Her teeth flashed, dark eyes raking his teenaged body. Carmen rubbed her thighs together, feeling the heat between them growing; she'd watched this boy for three years, this deliciously shy young man whose dick was legendary throughout the school and reportedly virgin territory to boot. Who could resist breaking the fresh young stud and briging him to heel? All she needed was one summer to snare him and fuck him dry.

Suddenly Jared was very much aware of exactly how little he was wearing. He'd seen the look on her face and recognized it as the same predatory mask that his mom had worn on that first morning, only a few days ago. At the thought of Karen, Jared's penis twitched involuntarily, and began to fill with blood.

Carmen's sharp brown eyes caught the movement underneath his towel; had she seen it? Was that the monster whispered about by the school's gym teacher, Mrs. Strongbow? Her mouth flooded with saliva as she imagined the way his fresh virgin cum would taste, spurting from the magnificent purple mushroom that capped his cock. She patted the cushion next to her again, and blushing furiously, the boy sat down.

"Now Jared, I realize that the world must seem awfully big and scary right now, but trust me," she leaned close to him, offering Jared a nice view down the front of her blouse at those perky b-cups, framed and pushed outward by her forearms as she bent towards him. Jared glanced once, but quickly looked away, thinking only of how angry his mom would be if she caught him aroused by another woman without her permission. How she would punish him, teasing, stroking, fucking his cock for days without release...

"... all you need is more _experience_," Carmen was saying, her eyes catching another movement underneath Jared's towel. Even she wasn't expecting this fast a reaction, but who cared, so long as that pillar of meat ended up between her hungry thighs?

Jared closed his eyes, mind reeling at the possibilites of his punishment; how his mom had teased him for the last few days, how Cathy's tiny hands would look, stroking his meat as he lay helpless underneath Karen's sloppy cunt, how it would feel to be helpless and used by two beautiful women at once, a toy, a human fuck machine and nothing else.

"Jared?" Carmen asked, in mock concern. A thick lump by his knee was pressing upwards against the towel; his eyes were closed, and his breathing shallow. She laid her hand on his knee, and he jerked as if her fingers were charged with electricity. "Are you alright?" Her hand slipped a little higher, underneath the hem of the towel. Jared jerked again, and mumbled something.

In his mind's eye, Karen's pouting lips gently kissed the dewey head of his cock, coming away wet and sticky with precum. Cathy paraded about behind her, wearing a pair of tiny terrycloth shorts, soaked at the crotch with her cunt cream, masturbating furiously and pleading with him to cum.

Something hot splattered against Carmen's hand. He hadn't cum already, had he? Quickly withdrawing from his leg, she inspected the goo cooling on her skin, a thick clear gobbet of precum. This single puddle of lubricant was more than her ex had ever produced in orgasm; she lapped it up hungrily, then snaked her hand back under his makeshift skirt.

"D'you need some help, honey?" She asked, reaching for the loose knot that kept the towel on his hips. It fell away to reveal the huge trunk of his cock, straining the seams of his boxers, the weeping plum pointing upwards at a weird angle. Her eyes lit up at the size of his cockhead, bigger than her fist!

Her fingertips, cool and dainty, danced over the head of Jared's dick, playing with the hot syrup pouring out from the pulsing slit. It quivered at her touch, and the boy let out a low moan; Carmen removed her hand, watching in amazement as a huge wad of precum played between her fingers and his cock. It snapped, landing in a thick rope on his thigh.

"It looks like you _do_ have just a bit of a problem, Jared," she fingered the leg of his shorts, so badly strained that the seam was beginning to rip from the sheer pressure his pole was exerting on the fabric. "But why did you want to hide _these_ from me? Were you doing something naughty before I got here?" Her little hand slipped inside his shorts, feeling the silky, hot texture of his cock as she slowly worked her way up to his crotch. "Were you playing with yourself, Jared honey? Touching yourself while thinking about fucking some girl's tight little cunt? Hmmm?" Carmen's hand, now far up the leg of his shorts, struck his cockring, that little steel cuff that dammed up his cum and kept his balls churning.

The sexpot counsellor recoiled in surprise. She recognized what it was immediately, of course, but this was the last cock she'd expected to find restrained like this. Had someone already tamed this little virgin?

Recovering quickly, Carmen grabbed hold of his knob and squeezed once, hard. "Kneel," she said, authoratatively. Jared, his mind on erotic autopilot, head swimming with visions of sex goddess of a mother, slid to the floor. She grinned gleefully; breaking a boy in was fun, but she'd never taken advantage of a fully-trained slave before.

As a final test, she raised her foot before his eyes and said, "Kiss it." Jared took the coffee and cream coloured ped gingerly in his hands, and gently gave each adorable toe, with their pink-painted nails, an adoring suck. Exulting in her power, Carmen leaned back into the sofa, and allowed her hand to slip underneath her skirt.

"Now clean my shoe, little man... suck the heel like the cock swinging between your legs." Jared fell to, lapping at the sole of her shoe like a dog, giving extra attention to the long, spike heel.

Her hand worked furiously underneath the knee-length skirt, and soon a black thong, sopping wet slipped down her thighs. Obscene noises emanated from her cunt while long-nailed fingers frigged her clitty furiously. The smell of pussy quickly filled the room, and before long, Carmen had directed the boy to service her drooling quim.

"Ahh! That's right, you little pussy-lapping _puta_! Suck it right - oh - right there! Fuck me with your tongue, little boy... mmmm, yeah, right up inside... if you were mine, I'd never leave you alone... I'd fuck that sweet face of yours every fucking minute... fill that mouth of yours with my cunt every hour of every fucking DAY! Oh God, YES! Gonna fuck your face... gonna cum all over your fucking mouth... oh yeah... oh Yeah! Fuck FUck FUCK!!" Her slim thighs clamped 'round Jared's head while she rode his face through a massive orgasm. He kept going, sucking at her cunt like there was no tomorrow, trained to drink every last drop of cream, driving her to another orgasm while she came down from the last. And another. And another, and so on until, exhausted, the flushed guidance counsellor pushed his face out of her pussy and fell back on the couch.

"His dick's pretty good too, you know." Said a voice from the doorway. Standing there, arms crossed, was Karen Smythe with a bemused look on her face. "I'm Jared's mom, and I believe we should talk."

In the kitchen, Carmen and Karen sat 'round the table, each with a steaming cup of coffee cradled in her hand. They chatted, quickly discovering in each other a kindred spirit. A casual observer might have taken them for a pair of typical (albeit stunning) soccer moms, discussing who would drive whose kids where, not even noticing the hunched figure beneath the table, who spent his time between the thighs of one woman or the other, depending upon who wanted his agile tongue.

"... so he's completely addicted, then?" Carmen asked.

"Not just *addicted*, darling," Karen corrected. "He's absolutely dependant on my (ohhhh, that's right, little boy... nibble mommy's clitty just like *that*) vaginal secretions."

"What happens if there's an accident? If you die or something? Will he just go the way of the forgotten house cat?"

"Don't be silly," Karen sipped her coffee. "If I die, then this house and all my assets, including (God, that feels good. Shove your tongue *all* the way up inside mommy... see if you can suck out some of that wonderful cream you deposited there earlier.) Jared will go to Cathy, to be held in trust until her eighteenth birthday. Among my assets will be a syringe that contains a special *something* which (Ah! Mash your face into my cunt!) will re-code Cathy's pheremones to match my own, so that the boy (My wonderful cunt-lapping son, my pussy slave, my dildooooh Oh! OOOH!) will have another source of pussy cream." Reaching under the table, she pulled Jared's head from her dripping snatch. "Good job, honey. Now why don't you give Ms. Hernandes some of the same?" Slurping the excess cunt cream off his lips and chin, Jared just nodded, and turned around under the table. Karen slipped a creamy foot out from her shoe and began playing with the head of his cock. The linoleum here was simply awash in sexual secretions, both male and female, though it was mostly precum from the still-bound cock swaying like a pendulum between Jared's legs.

"Right. Cathy. I was wondering, (Oooo... yesss... just lap away at my *cona*, boy. Clean up all that mess you made earlier.)" Carmen closed her eyes, and chewed a pouty, coral-pink lip, losing herself in the pleasure that this fuck machine of a boy was giving her. "Why alter her? Why not let her just come around the way we did, naturally?"

"And have her go through the same pain we did?" Karen slowly raised her other foot. "Besides, just as Jared is my reward for eight long years of hard work, Cathy is my *revenge*." The long, spike heel of her shoe, dripping with slime from the floor, found its way between the cheeks of Jared's raised behind.

"R (Ah!) revenge?" Carmen gasped as Jared suddenly squirmed between her legs. Her fingers tangled themselves in his hair, holding his face in her slippery cunt, force feeding her pussy to the boy while his mother slowly fucked his ass with a shoe.

"Mine to play with... mine to tease... my toy..." Karen punctuated each statement by thrusting into his asshole, stroking his prostate with her heel, sending lightining bolts of pleasure through his body, pushing the cum out forcibly, slowly, past his cockring.

Looking up, Jared's mom saw that Carmen's face was a frozen mask of pleasure; as she'd thought, this woman deserved to be fucked, properly and often. All she needed was a push in the right direction.

"Carmen, honey? Would you like one of your very own?"

"W-what?" Ms. Hernandes gasped through an orgasm.

"Didn't you say you had a boy, still in high school?"

"Y-yes, but - ah, GOD! He's sooo fucking GOOOOOOOD!"

"Why don't we talk downstairs?" Karen gave Jared's asshole one last thrust, shoving his head right into Carmen's gushing cunt.

"Look at him," Karen wrapped her arms around the petite counsellor, grabbing one small, mocha tit. She swiped Carmen's slender shoulder with her lips, kissing her way up through silky black hair to her ear. Jared lay on the bed, unfettered. His cock was a towering spire of meat, waiting anxiously for some attention from the women before him. "Always ready, always waiting... don't you *want* this?"

As if spellbound, Carmen reached out to touch the head of Jared's massive cock, one slim finger resting on the angry purple crown. A french-manicured nail traced its way from tip to base, a tickling touch that made him clench his ass; gobs of silvery precum oozed their way down after her questing digit, covering the tip in thick slime.

"Sooo much cock, darling... all for you, anytime you want it. No sweaty fumbling, no two-pump charlies, just all this hot, hard *cock* however you want it, however *long* you want it." The petite latina swept her tongue across plush, though dry lips. There was just so fucking *much* between the boy's legs, rock hard and ready for her, not to mention the hugely swollen sac dangling beneath, full of creamy, sweet jism. While her mouth ran dry, her cunt drooled; but not Victor, never Victor, he was her *son*.

"It fills you up like *nothing* else," Karen continued, mauling Carmen's breast. Her hand wandered between the guidance counsellor's shaky legs. "And you can do *any*thing with it. If you want to punish his cock for the sins of man, you can whip it all night, and he will still come back for more in the morning. Eternally tied to your sweet little cunt, he won't be able to resist anything you put him through. I'll show you - climb aboard his face."

Her sloppy cunt eager for more, Carmen quickly complied, gasping with pleasure as Jared's dutiful tongue began lapping away. His mom also straddled his body, flattening his cock against his belly, trapping it under her hot, wet pussy.

"Yesss... that's right, let his face carry you to another cum; a tireless tongue, an ever thirsting mouth, *that's* what I'm offering, darling." Grinding her cunt on Jared's cock, Karen leaned forward to whisper in the smaller woman's ear. "But his mouth isn't just a vibrator, dear; let your fluids *flow*, let him drink your golden nectar... his mouth is a tool for your use, a toilet, a shower, an *enema*..." Carmen let loose a torrent of piss, right into Jared's thirsty mouth. The latina writhed through another orgasm as the boy served as a hole for her waste, squealing with excitement when Karen commanded him to french-kiss her brown rosebud of an asshole.

"But the best part is... he *loves* it..." Karen vaulted from Jared's body. "Look at his cock; a faceful of your piss, and he's harder than ever... ready for your sovereign cunt."

Carmen, coming down from her orgasmic high, found herself staring right into the eye of the boy's cock, drooling hot precum right onto his own chest. It winked at her.

"You don't mind if I take it for a test-ride before buying, do you?" The latina gave Karen a salacious look, and the chestnut-maned sex goddess knew that she'd made a "sale".

"Of course not, but why don't we add a little spice?" Karen grinned, then stalked over to the wardrobe. "I think you're about Cathy's size, dear... I might have just the thing..."

Jared was glued to his seat, hands sweaty palms down on the desk in front of him. At the head of the "classroom," Ms. Hernandes was writing something on a blackboard, but he was more interested in the swirling pleats of her abbreviated black skirt as she swished entrancingly before him, lush little ass bobbing back and forth. His naked cock pressed hard against the metal underside of the desk; Karen had provided Carmen with a costume - not so her son.

It took her ten minutes to write "Human Sexuality 101" on the board, dropping the chalk twice; a slow, langorous dip to retrieve it usually ended with Carmen taking a minute to re-buckle the single strap on her heels, the hem of her skirt flapping somewhere around the lower curve of her plump, firm, buttocks. Once she had finished writing, the petite latina hopped up on "her" desk beside the chalkboard, her supple b-cups bobbing beneath a tight, white halter-top; the neckline dropped low enough to reveal the upper quarters of her tits. Her slim, brown, bare shoulders bore no cumbersome bra straps. She crossed her legs, slender mocha calves sliding against one another, a hint of black peeping out from between gently muscled thighs.

"Now, Jared," she began, "the reason I asked you to stay behind today is that you're not doing as well in my class as I hoped. You're a verry bright boy, Jared, so I thought you might benefit from some 'tutoring.'" She smiled lasciviously. His dick was starting to hurt, rock hard and pushing insistently against the cold steel of the desk; the back legs were starting to rise from the floor.

"Are you even listening to me, Jared?" Carmen chided gently. His eyes snapped up from the panties peeking at him to her smiling face.

"Y-yes, ma'am." He answered.

"Really?" She arched an eyebrow. "I think maybe you were staring somewhere you shouldn't; I think *that's* the real reason you're doing so poorly in this class, Mr. Smythe."

"No ma'am, I mean I-" From outside the door, Karen listened intently. The boy was playing his part pretty well; not that he required much prompting to pretend to be the nervous schoolboy. She resisted the urge to touch herself, despite the flowing juices between her legs. It wouldn't do to mess up her wardrobe.

"I think otherwise," Carmen hopped from the desk, her skirt momentarily flapping up to reveal a pair of tiny black bikini panties. She approached Jared's desk and crouched beside him. Reaching underneath, she grabbed hold of her "pupil's" thick stalk. "And he seems to agree with me, wouldn't you say, Jared?" She began stroking the silky skin just behind the head of his cock.

"Now, when the male member becomes aroused like this, it becomes engorged with blood," her hand stroked the full length of his dick, despite not being able to encompass even half of its massive girth. "The more aroused it gets, the harder it becomes until your whole cock is a pulsing shaft of steel, ready to to penetrate the willing vagina of your partner. Do you know what else happens?"

"No," Jared replied.

"Well, these big beautiful balls of yours start plumping up with fresh, thick semen, getting ready to fill your partner up with all that nasty hot *cum*." Her hand flew from the base of his cock to the head. "But before that happens, it starts producing some lubricant to ease its entry: precum. Sweet, tasty precum." Carmen's hand came away from the weeping cap of his dick wet with clear slime; she lapped it up eagerly. "Why don't you try some?" Smearing her lips with his goo, the horny counsellor swooped in to kiss Jared hard, pushing her agile tongue past his slack lips. At first he resisted, trying weakly not to take in any of his own salty slime, but she was insistent and Jared quickly found himself swallowing his own precum, much to their mutual arousal.

"Mmmmmmmm..." Carmen pulled her tongue from Jared's mouth, leaving him panting. "Of course, given that your lubricant tastes sooo good, I'd imagine that you'll not only be having vagina intercourse, but oral sex as well. Would you like to sample that as well? I'd hate to send a student out into the world half-taught." Without another word, she pulled the desk away from his chair, setting his massive dong free, springing up like a jack-in-a-box, sending an arc of syrupy goo flying at the chalkboard. Dropping between his legs, the petite counsellor grasped his dick in both hands; pink tongue flicking out between lush, parted lips, Carmen gave the swollen mushroom head a single kiss. Her mouth came away coated in his pre-jizz. She lapped it up eagerly, then dipped her head back down for more.

Jared's head lolled as he revelled in the sensations that his guidance counsellor was giving him, tongueing his glans, nibbling the crown of his cock, even frenching the slit on his dick, pushing the tip of her agile tongue inside his shaft, sending burning pleasure shooting backwards down that thick pole to his balls. Suddenly, his knees were awash in black silk as she took her hair down; brushing it all to one side, Carmen began massaging his balls with that lustrous black mane. All those silky strands, carressing and tickling his testicles sent shivers through Jared's entire body, and his knees trembled. He was treading the trembling edge of orgasm, now, his sac boiling with hot seed, the head of his massive cock alight with obscene pleasure. His cockring had been removed for this "exercise," and he clung tightly to the hope that he'd be allowed to cum, now. Carmen's lips attached themselves to the huge purple head and sucked hard, trying to pull the semen straight from his scrotum.

"What's going on here!?" An 'engraged' voice exploded behind them; groaning in disappointment, Jared's head lolled up to see his mom standing in the doorway, arms crossed, pretending to look angry. Carmen's head popped off his massive cock.

"Why, Mrs. Smythe!" The counsellor began to stand, brushing her knees. "I wasn't expecting..."

"Neither was I expecting to find you involved in *intercourse* with my son!" Karen 'raged, ' striding into the room, chestnut hair flying behind her. She was dressed all in white, a tight collared shirt with three or four buttons undone to reveal a deep cleavage, and a knee-length wraparound skirt that hugged her hips and firm thighs. A pair of while sandals with four-inch wedge heels elevated her to goddess heights. "Tutoring, indeed! And you, young man," she gave Jared a steely glare, "I'm deeply disappointed in you! How many times have I told you to keep that *thing* of yours under control?"

"I-I'm sorry, mommy..." he began.

"Silence!" She stalked over to his seated form, naked, supine, and vulnerable. "You want to know what oral sex is all about?" She unsnapped a button, and the skirt fell to the floor. Jared's gaze locked on the narrow hedge of pubic hair pointing directly at the wet heaven between her legs. With a long leg, she pushed the chair back until it fell to the floor, her son still seated in it. Then, without any further ado, Karen seated her dripping cunt lips on top of his for an intimate french kiss.

"That's right, boy! Suck my fucking cunt!" She rode his face like a cowgirl, grinding her hips over his features, pushing her engorged clit into his nose. Unable to wait any longer, Carmen dropped her panties and kicked the chair away from the naked boy. Straddling his writhing body, she slowly sank her sopping wet pussy down on top of his waiting cock, spearing her sloppy snatch with a foot of boymeat. As she felt her hungry vagina fill with his cock, the petite counsellor knew. She had to have it. She had to have one of these waiting for her at home every day, ready any time she wanted it...

... sitting in his bedroom, Victor Hernandes felt a shudder run through his body.
Chapter 9
Home | Top | JValet's Page |   Feedback to author


Home | JValet's Page « Graduate Work Index « Previous - Settings
Chapter 9
Posted: November 08, 2003 - 06:49:01 pm

I lie in my own bed for the first time in three months, smelling the dust that is launched into the air when my head hits the pillow. Closing my eyes, I can feel the knotted muscles in my abdomen and thighs begin to relax. Reaching up, I massage my jaw muscles; Mom said that I'm starting to get TMJ disorder, but she'll fix that.

I don't want to know how.

Licking my lips, I can still taste the faint remnants of her, clinging to me, feeding the fire that lies at the base of my brain. No matter how thirsty I am before, or how much I drink, that thirst is never slaked, never satisfied.

If anything, it's getting worse.

I dream of drinking deep of her every night, now; when I'm not between her thighs, it's all I can do to think of something else. Even now, after a whole day suckling at her deep, sweet well, my cock begins to stir between my legs, and I find myself wishing she straddled my face once more. To feel that smooth, soft skin gripping my cheeks, to bury my nose in the aroma of her altar, to drive my tongue as far as it can go into her burning pussy so that I can slurp up as much of her nectar as I possibly can.

Like a lumbering giant, my dick slowly rouses itself, rising from my prostrate form. I can almost feel the blood vessels fill for the umpteenth time today, and a deep, delicious soreness suffuses my groin: the aftermath of a day of sexual slavery, just like every other day.

Except, of course, today was different.

Cathy went home today.

I don't know how she wriggled herself into those jeans; they were so tight that she must have been poured into them. Her pert, springy ass was wrapped lovingly in faded blue denim, those smooth, delicious globes unmarred by pockets. The ragged waist rode low on her hips, so low that you could plainly see the end of her tailbone, and the beginning of her crack. In front, they were loosely tied on with a rawhide lace that revealed the total absence of pubic hair to any and all who cared to look, and many did. They were so tight that the seam ran straight through her pussy, giving my sweet little cousin a camel toe that begged to be touched, tasted, ploughed.

I was dragging the luggage, naturally, and there was a hell of a lot of it. Cathy may have shown up on our door with only a knapsack, but she was leaving with a total fucking wardrobe, ready to head back to school.

"I can hardly wait!" She gushed while we stood on the platform, her firm, young tits bouncing freely underneath a mightily strained white tanktop. "Mom 'n Dad are going to lose their minds!" She gave me a knowing look and a hungry smile spread across glossy, pink lips.

"'specially Daddy," Cathy said, turning to face me. "I bet his eyes will just fall out of his head once he sees how grown up his little girl is... your mommy says that he's got a nice, big dick. Not as big as yours, of course, but bigger than most. I wonder how long it'll take him to get all hard 'n hot 'n horny in his pants? When we sit in the car, and I streeeetch..." she demonstrated for me, pushing her new, melon-sized tits hard against her shirt, the smooth young breast- flesh nearly spilling out. "Or maybe when I run up to him, all breathless and panting, and," suddenly, she leapt on me, wrapping her lithe legs 'round my waist, pressing her hot little twat against my steely cock, pushing her tits under my chin, "kiss him 'hello!'" Her lips found mine and she bit my lower lip, sucking it gently.

Then, as suddenly as she had jumped on me, she let go, leaving me breathless.

"Doesn't matter," she said. "He will. Soon. And then every day after that; I'll tease and taunt him until his cock cries every night because all he can think of is me, not that bitch I call 'mom.' Oh, I'll play the innocent little daddy's girl, wrapped up in slut's clothing; your mommy taught me well, cuz - you know that better 'n anybody. And then, when he can't take it any more, I'll take him. Come to him some lonely night when that bitch is out of town, maybe wearing a black little gauzy nothing, maybe in a t-shirt and a thong, maybe in nothing at all, and make him fuck me, whether he thinks he wants to or not. But his cock'll tell me the truth: hard, straining against his pants like a dog waiting to get off the leash, desperate for my hand, my lips, my cunt. He'll be hard, but fucking him won't be."

She closed her eyes and ground her hips against mine, making quiet noises of satisfaction. Mom hadn't let me fuck her all summer, deciding shortly after we brought Ms. Hernandes to let Uncle Gary have that honour. I wanted to, though. Wanted so much to just split her bare little cunt with my cock, to pound her pussy 'til she screamed.

I licked my lips. Cathy was chewing one of hers, bubblegum pink and plump as she ground herself against the massive pole in my jeans, simulating sex with her father; I could feel moisture beginning to seep through her jeans and into mine.

"Save it for Daddy, sweetie." Mom bent close to her ear so no-one else could overhear.

Pouting, she stopped dry-humping me there in the station, leaving my own cock steely hard and unsatisfied. Even though I should be used to that by now, I groaned inwardly nonetheless.

"Sorry, Jared," my cousin apologized, winking. "Did I make you all stiff? Maybe I should take care of that for you... take you into one of the bathrooms, and kiss your big, hard COCK all over there in a filthy stall. Would you like that? To send me back to my daddy with your cum all over my face and tits? I won't wipe it off - I promise! I'll just rub it into my skin like your mommy does, a nice hot facial to keep those nasty pimples away." She giggled. "How 'bout it, cuz? Wanna put your cock in my mouth? Wanna feel my little tongue wriggle over that big fucking plum, feeding me your meat and your cream until it flows down my chin in a hot, nasty river of sperm?" Her hand ran down the obscene mound of dick in my jeans, sending a thrill through me; she stopped at that tiny fucking ring, that fucking wall, that goddamn steel finger that keeps me from shooting. "Oops, sorry 'cuz, I forgot: we left your key at home, didn't we?"

Then the train arrived in a flood of horrible noise, and the platform was suddenly full of other passengers. A porter carried her luggage aboard, she gave me one last tongue-twisting kiss, gave Mom another, and was gone.

Fully engorged, aroused by the memory of Cathy's departure, my cock towers over me, bloated and huge and slick with rivulets of precum flowing freely down the shaft. I'd touch it if I thought I could do any good: whatever qualms I used to have about masturbation are long, long gone by now. But that fucking ring just sits there, winking in the dim moonlight from my window, preventing me from doing anything but torture myself.

Still, I can't help but touch it.

But no sooner do my fingers touch the throbbing, pulsing spire of meat than I hear a tapping heel at my bedroom door.

Silhouetted in the light from the hallway outside, stands my mom. Those beautiful, long, tanned legs glimmer beneath a sheen of baby oil, from the tips of her cute little toes in their white satin slippers with the three inch heels, all the way up to the generous curve of her ass, peeking out from underneath the ruffled hem of her... dress? The skirt is tiny, less than 3/4 of a foot long, satiny, white; the corset above it is bound tightly to her slim frame, pushing her huge, wobbling tits even further up and out for me to see. The demi-cups do nothing to hide the prominent nipples that have popped out over them; on her head, mom wears a sheer white veil that obscures her face, though I know there's a smile spreading over her hungry lips.

"Alone at last," she says, gloating. "It's time, I think, to start the honeymoon."

"W-what?" I'm confused, but my cock isn't. It knows what's coming.

"Of course, before we can start honeymooning, we have to get 'married, ' don't we, honey?" My mom begins to saunter over; in her hand, something golden glinted.

"What!?" I'm surprised, but I don't know why. I've licked my own mother's cunt; I've served as her toilet; I've been a dildo for her and Ms. Hernandes; and a drinking fountain for all three. But of all the depravities this summer has brought, this has me by the short-hairs. "W-we can't... who would, I mean legally... I mean, no priest, I-"

She shushes me, raising a finger to her veil.

"Silly. I don't mean a man-and-wife, 'marriage certificate' wedding. Just a small, private affair. Me," Mom runs that finger down between her breasts, firm and tanned, held by the loving cups of her corset, "you," her finger keeps travelling downwards as she neared my bed, "and a certain 'special little friend.'" It lands square on the head of my cock, and makes tiny little circles on the very tip, spreading the lubricating goo around.

"This is the last step, really," she says, somewhat absently. "We're bonded chemically, by the pheremones, and emotionally, 'cause let's face it: you're enjoying yourself." Her finger traces a line of fire down over my glans and around the flare of the mushroom atop my dick. I know she's right: pheremones or no, I rise to the occasion even when thinking back on what we've done, what she's doing to me, what we'll do. "But sometimes a girl just needs that symbol, y'know? 'It don't mean a thing, if you ain't got that ring.'" She giggles to herself.

From the depths of her cleavage, my mother produces the tiny silver key that spells relief for my swollen balls. A flick of her wrist, and it falls away, bouncing on my matress to fall on the carpet with a dull thud. Immediately, my heart, already beating hard because of her presence (I can almost smell her arousal; my taste buds ache to be washed with her essence) begins a trip-hammer beat in my chest, and my dick swells to truly gargantuan proportions.

Slowly, she raises the veil. Mom's lips are full and painted a glistening red which sparkles as she speaks.

"One kiss for you," she bends and gives the gooey plum a chaste, tender kiss. Lips smeared with my paste, she looks at me and smiles. "And one for you." She swings one of those long, tanned legs up onto the bed, over my waist; straddling my body, my Mother gazes down at me as from on high. I feel tiny, prostrate beneath a goddess of sex and debauchery. Swooping down, she paints my lips with my own liquid, plunging her agile tongue into my mouth, and we wrestle orally for a brief time. Her tits, spilling out from the flimsy corset, sway and bob, the nipples scraping a path along my bare chest. Something hot and wet drips into my navel, and I can feel my mouth flood with saliva in anticipation.

One of mom's hands reaches back, between her legs, and comes back sopping wet. She runs her soaking fingers along my body, from the hollow in my throat all the way down through the treasure trail that leads to my aching, needy dick. The smell of her cunt fills the air as we kiss, as we tongue-fuck each other's mouths.

"Now, one for me." She breaks the kiss. With incredible speed, she performs an dextrous about-face atop my body, nearly striking me in the nose with a spike-heeled slipper. I'm still cleaning the precum from my lips when her pussy descends upon my eagerly waiting mouth. I watch it come down, those perfectly rounded outer lips, long since denuded of kinky pubic hair, framing the delicate, engorged inner labia which drip with her own need. Her clit is an angry thumb perched at the summit of her beautiful cunt; then it's on my waiting mouth, and my tongue splits the peach, plowing through the slick folds of flesh, filling me with the juice that I need. I reach up and grab her firm buttocks, sealing my mouth to her gash as I lap hungrily at the outside of my mom's vagina, that red trench from her clit to the dripping entrance to the holy of holies.

"Yessssss," she hisses somewhere above, as I play with the bundle of nerves beneath its protective hood, producing a small flush of mommy juice that coats my chin. I begin to trace out letters with the tip of my tongue, and she bucks her hips against my head, pushing her cunt even harder into me, juicing her sweet peach on my features. Then I return to the deep darkness that I came from, the source of the river of life, the nasty, wet hole that leads up into my mommy's sweet, sweet cunt. My tongue burns with life as the taste buds fire again and again, feeding the sensations directly to the pleasure centre of my brain; I drink heartily and deep, ignoring the pain in my jaw, though I know I'll regret it later, but I don't care right now. It feels sooo good to drink up all her delicious mommy juice; morning, noon, and night, I have done this for the last three months, but it never loses its appeal. Nor does it ever lose its effect upon my cock, which throbs somewhere far away from me, in the world outside the nirvana of mom's pussy.

My nose is crushed against her clitty as she writhes and grinds herself on my face, as I drive my tongue as far inside her as it will go, as I make sure to pay proper attention to the pad of sensitive flesh on the roof of her cunt, as I listen to her cries in the night. My ministrations are rewarded as she comes once, twice, three times, filling my waiting mouth with her honey; my chin, throat, and upper chest are soaked with her essence. The room is filled with nasty, wet, slurping noises as I feed, as she rides my face. These are the noises that define my life, now.

Then, as suddenly as she descended her cunt upon me, mom lifts her groin from my saturated features.

"I know the kiss is supposed to come last," she says, "but this is hardly your average wedding, now is it?" My mother looks down at me from between her firm thighs; the skirt has been discarded, somewhere along the way, but the corset still cantilevers her cleavage, those mountains of titflesh framing her beautiful, predatory face.

"Do you swear?" She says, rubbing her pubic hair along my chin. "Do you swear to be faithful and true? To never stray from the One True Pussy of your own accord?"

"Yes," my voice is meek and small.

"Good, now repeat after me... I Jared Smythe," mom begins to shimmy down my body, sliding her voluptuous form along my smaller, helpless frame.

"I, Jared Smythe..."

"Do take my mother..." the silk of her corset felt slick on my face.

"Do take my mother..."

"To be my awfully wedded bride." Her pussy drip-drip-drips its way towards my waiting cock.

"To be my awfully wedded bride."

"And I swear to be owned, held, and fucked..." Her massive mammaries muffles my response, but she continues anyway.

"To honour and obey her every wish..."

"To honour and obey her e-every wissshshhhhhh..." the hot, wet lips of her cunt meet my dick in a scalding kiss.

"Every perversion, every dirty fucking thing my mommy makes me do, until death do us part." Her eyes bore into mine.

"Yes, everything, 'til death do us part," I yammer quickly, needing her sloppy pussy. My hips quiver beneath her, but I know better than to try to hump back at her; I haven't cum in days, and my need for release is almost as great as my need for her juice.

"Good. And I, Karen Smythe, do take my son." Her slick flesh slowly runs down the length of my shaft, and her sweet fluids pour forth, pooling below my stomach, flowing between my legs, tickling my balls with heat and humidity. "To be my awfully wedded pet... to have him, any way I wish, to hold him down so I can fuck him, to own him and his mighty COCK," her hips stop, poised at the head of my dick, her labia spread wide to recieve me. My tower of cockmeat shakes, and it takes every ounce of willpower I have left to not simply ram it as far up between those sweet, plump lips as I can, to not plow my way into her hot, bottomless, grasping cunt. "To be his mistress, his goddess, the source of all life... until death do us part." With these words, her face descends upon my sopping wet visage, and she takes me into another tongue-twisting kiss. It is so sudden that I almost don't notice that her pussy is slowly impaling itself on my meat, surrounding it in velvety, wet flesh.

It takes her forever to take my dick all the way in; it is more distended now than at any other time over the summer, stretching my mom's cunt to hitherto unknown dimensions, filling her up completely. She begins to ride, slowly at first, rocking her hips atop mine, grinding her pubic bone into my cock. I can feel it roll over the head of my dick, like a huge, soft thumb, pushing against the sweet spot.

"Oh, fuuuuuuck..." she groans. "I never get tired of feeling this thing. Your cock is just so fucking HUGE, sweetie. It's perfect for mommy's hungry CUNT." Mom hunches down, squeezing my dick in her velvety pussy. "Don't just lie there, sweetheart: nobody likes a dead lay." She leaned down over me. "Fuck mommy's cunny... fuck it hard." Her words are a hiss of need. Taking hold of her hips, I start pumping upwards, long, full strokes, relishing the sensation, skin smacking on skin. "Hard, you little fucker! I said hard!" Fine. Soon the room is filled with the sound of her screams of pleasure as I pound her cunt from below, jacknifing my hips as hard and fast as I can, my ballsac flapping wildly between my legs, her tits bobbing crazily before my eyes. I catch a swinging nipple between my teeth, and she shouts even louder than before. "Fuck me, you mother fucking son of a bitch! Give it to me! Pummel my cunt! Chew that fucking nipple! Make ME CUM! Seal the fucking deal! Give yourself to me, marry me, be my fucking pet for the rest of your goddamn life! Now CUM! CUM! CUMMMMMM!!"

Starbursts explode behind my eyes. My balls jump but my cock keeps pumping on autopilot; stream after stream of thick cum jets forth, filling her hungry cunt, slopping out from between her labia as I keep fucking double time, still cumming, gasping for breath, fingers digging into her soft skin, becoming a frenzied fuck machine... the bed swims beneath me, and time stops. All I can see is her face, frozen in ecstasy, shining and beautiful and brimming with evil. And then the darkness takes me.

Morning brings sunshine to my window, heat and light beating down on my face, slowly pushing the heavy curtain of sleep back. My crotch is sticky; and someone has her hand wrapped around it. There is a body beside me, warm, soft, and smelling faintly of sweat and something else that drives my thirst. Cracking an eye open, I see my mom's finely manicured hand, caressing the sleeping giant, caked in the still-drying sperm that covers my torso. A golden glimmer catches my eye; shifting slightly, careful not to wake her, I see a ring clamped down about the base of my cock, a simple gold band.

"Don't mean a thing if you ain't got that ring," she murmurs sleepily into my ear. "You made quite a mess inside me last night, lover. Now, why don't you just head on down there and get some cream with your breakfast juice?"

Well, that's the end of "Graduate Work," and it's been a long time coming. I realize that there are some loose ends still dangling, but as my chief concern was the story of Jared and Karen, I don't really care much about it. If, of course, anybody else wants to continue the story of any of these characters, they are welcome to do so, so long as you contact me about it first.

At any rate, it was a great ride. Thanks for reading.
Your opinion is important:
Share with the others what you think about
"Graduate Work"
     
Switch to Expanded voting form
The End

Go to JValets Blog
Last entry on 2010-05-22
Posted: 2003-03-23
Last Modified: 2003-11-08 / 12:00:00 am
Home | Top | JValet's Page |   Feedback to author
