http://storiesonline.net/a/Submissive_Romantic

Home | Submissive Romantic's Page « How Did I Get Here? Index
Prologue
Posted: May 02, 2012 - 09:04:45 pm

Awareness came slowly. The darkness dissipated and was replaced by the brightness of the overhead lights.

Where was I. I turned my head sidewise, realizing I was on my back in the middle of a boxing ring. I had been sparring with Kris the owner of the gym I belong to. It was my "attitude adjustment" she had said. I slowly got to my feet, noticing that my gloves, wraps and mouth piece were placed neatly on the apron of the ring. How long was I out? Where was Kris? Shaking my head, I climbed through the ropes, left the room and headed for the locker room. I was aware that the gym was completely empty and most of the lights had been turned off.

As I entered the locker room, I passed a large full length mirror. I surveyed the damage. My body was covered in welts along my sides. My face was swollen; I was going to have at least one black eye by morning, but all in all, not as bad as I thought. I just felt like I got hit by a truck.

I took off my gym shorts, kicked off my sneakers, pulled off my socks, grabbed a towel and headed for the showers. "I guess I'm going to have to find a new gym" I thought as I turned on the shower as hot as I could stand it. Turning my back to the wall, I let the water run over my back. God it felt good.

I let my mind ponder the question, how did a guy from Southern California end up in Bentonville, Arkansas getting his ass kicked by a woman?
Chapter 1
Home | Top | Submissive Romantic's Page |   Feedback to author



 
Home | Submissive Romantic's Page « How Did I Get Here? Index « Previous
Chapter 1: Life in Southern California
Posted: May 02, 2012 - 09:04:45 pm

I was born in a small town just north of San Diego. My parents, William and Maria Carpenter were both good looking and extremely fit. My father was a retired Marine. He had met my mother shortly after returning from Vietnam. It was love at first sight for both of them. They married in 1967; I came along about a year later. It was a loving household and life was good.

Fat didn't stand a chance in our house. Mom was a dietician at the local hospital and was an aerobics instructor with classes three nights a week at the local recreation center. Dad never truly retired from the Marines. Every morning started at 5:00 with 30 minutes of calisthenics and a five mile run through the hills behind our house. I was eager to join my Dad and did so starting from age of 7. I slowly built up my endurance and fitness to the point where, most mornings, I could keep up with him.

At this point I should let the reader know a little more about myself. I just turned thirteen. I am 5'1" tall and weigh about 90 pounds. Something happened within my body that the doctors couldn't explain to my parents. My body just seemed to stop growing. I was perfectly normal in every other sense, healthier that most kids my age. I was just going to be short. My mom was about 5'8" and my dad was 6'1". I know they loved me but I had this nagging feeling that I was a little bit of a disappointment, especially to my father. Every guy wants his son to be just like him. Well that just wasn't going to happen in my case. I was not going to be a leader of men, a star football player, or a captain of industry, being a shrimp.

In 1981, three events seemly unrelated, changed my life. First, I got knocked out in my first, and only boxing tournament; I discovered girls; and I lost my virginity.

All through grammar school everything was fine. I was always one of the smallest kids in my class, but everyone knew me and liked me. I never had a problem with bullies. Just after the New Year started however my dad, during our morning run, suggested that I learn some basis self-defense skills and maybe take up boxing as a hobby. He explained that since I would be starting high school in a couple of months, I would be in class with a whole group of kids that were strangers and that some may see my small stature as a sign of weakness and try to take advantage of me. Also, I would be a freshman in a school with almost three thousand kids three quarters of which would be older than me.

"I want you to know how to protect yourself", he said. "Not so that you can go out and pick a fight with anyone. Just the opposite, I want you to be able to use your intelligence to be able to avoid a fight, to defuse a potentially explosive situation. However there will be times when fighting may be unavoidable, that's when your training and conditioning will pay off" When our run ended, instead of going in to shower and start our day, he led me into the garage where he had built a small boxing ring. Once in the ring we went through various self defense techniques that he had learned in the corp. He also showed me how to throw the basic type of punches, jabs, hooks, upper cuts, and crosses. Then he said he had to get ready for work and left.

Each morning, we would go through the same workout. We cut our run to four miles to give us a little more time in the gym. He bought a heavy bag which he hung from the rafters. I ended each lesson with fifteen minutes on the heavy bag. At the end my arms were exhausted, but I felt great. I was in the best shape of my life; still slight of build, but strong and confident.

One day, he asked me if I thought I was ready to be in an actual boxing match. We had sparred together, but with him being so much bigger and stronger than me, he had always just been on defense, blocking my punches, feigning his own and never actually hitting me for fear of hurting me.

"I think you are ready; but you'll never know what it's like to be hit if we just do what we've been doing. I think it's important to find out if you can stand up to someone after they hit you. It's better to do that in a ring, in a controlled fight where every precaution is taken to avoid the fighters getting hurt, than to find out in the school parking lot or in back of the gym. I looked into an amateur boxing tournament that's taking place this weekend in San Diego. It has a sub novice class for first timers. You will be fighting in the lightest weight class, but you could still be out weighted by as much as fifteen pounds." "Ok Dad, let's go for it." The morning of the tournament we drove to San Diego. The tournament was set up as one day elimination contest. You fought, the first bout around 9:00, if you won, your second bout started at 11:00. The winners fought in the semi-finals at 2:00 and the finals were at four.

I won my first two fights on points, primarily by sticking and moving. I was smaller than my opponents but much faster. I remember the feeling of confidence I had as I stepped into the ring for my semi-final bout. Once again my opponent was taller and bigger than me. My dad stood in front of me, giving me my last minute instructions. Then, the bell sounded the referee called us into the middle of the ring to give us our instructions. I was in the red corner and wore a red shirt with my shorts; my opponent was in the blue corner wearing a blue shirt over his shorts. We touched gloves, went back to our corners and waited for the bell.

From the beginning, this bout would not be the same as my others. My opponent was more skilled than me, punched harder and most importantly was just as quick as me. By the end of the first round, my nose was bleeding and I had a little swelling under my left eye. Dad told me to just do my best, protect myself, and try to get inside and hit his body as often as possible. I did as best as I could, but each round got progressively worse. So that by the end of the third round I was clearly out matched and way behind on points.

'Do you want me to stop the bout?" he asked. I shook my head. "No I won't quit, I can still win on a knockout." He just looked at me, smiled and said "Ok, you have to go for the knockout by drawing his guard down, he's protecting his head. Try hitting him in the solar plexus, pointing to his chest just below where his ribs met. If you can hit him there with a good shot, it might be enough to disable him for a few moments and you can finish him." The bell sounded for the final round, we touched gloves, and he was smiling confidently which angered me all the more. The round went as before, me absorbing punches trying to get inside him throwing punches trying to keep away to protect his big lead on points. With about a minute to go in the round, he threw a right hand that missed, he was off balance, and I saw my opening and threw a straight right at his chest. It landed with a thud, but was a little off target to the left. It still stunned him; he bounced off the ropes and retreated a couple of steps. Sensing weakness I went in for the kill.

What happen next I really don't know? My dad told me during the ride back home that as I moved in he threw a looping overhand right over my jab. It looked to him like a baseball pitcher throwing a fastball. It landed flush on my jaw; my legs crumbled and I landed flat on my back; out cold. He said the ref didn't even bother to count. Instead he immediately waved for the ringside doctor and my dad and took out my mouth piece. I was out for about two minutes. When I started regaining conciseness, I saw my father's face and over his shoulder, the face of my opponent; who looked like he was going to cry. I remember thinking to myself "what the hell is he crying about I'm the one who got knocked out." Dad helped me onto my stool, while the ref was raising my opponent's hand in victory. As soon as I convinced them that I was ok, my Dad and I left the ring and went back to the locker room. I got dressed in my street clothes and we headed for home.

It was a quiet ride the rest of the way home, until I tried to apologize for losing the bout. My dad pulled the car off to the side of the road and looked sternly at me. "You never have to apologize to me for not succeeding in anything you do. The only time I want to hear an apology from you is when you haven't tried your best. I'm very proud of you. You knew that your opponent was more skilled that you and that you were probably going to lose, but you didn't quit. You showed real courage; the true spirit of a man. That's all I can ever ask of you." That made me feel really good, despite the aches and pains I was experiencing. Then he said, almost in a whisper; "now we just have to face your mother." After we got home, after the examination of my face and upper body by my mom, after the cold compress, I was left alone in the family room while my parents adjourned to their bedroom. There was a lot of loud arguing, followed by a long period of silence, then more talking. At dinner, everything appeared to be back to normal.

The next morning during our run, my dad seemed to be thinking of how to tell me something. When we go back to the house I began hitting the heavy bag, then stopped and turned to him and said "Is it alright if I continue my training with you? I just think I'll give up on the actual boxing matches." I could see the relief in my Dad's eyes.

The next day was a school day. I got to my classroom and all the guys gathered around me asking how I got the black eye. When I told them that I got it in a boxing match, they assumed that I lost and started laughing and making jokes about getting my ass kicked. I tried to tell them that I won my first two bouts but they were hearing none of that. I left the group and went over to the windows. That's when a couple of the girls that were in our class came over to me. They looked at my eye and started to fawn over me, mothering me. One even leaned over and kissed my cheek just under the eye, saying a kiss to make it all better. I don't know if it made my eye any better but it did have an effect on another part of my body. It was a new experience for me. And I liked it, a lot. The teacher walked in shortly thereafter and classes began. But when I got home that day I laid on my bed and thought about what happen. I made a decision that afternoon, that girls were going to be a big part of my life from then on.

In school, I started hanging around with the girls when I could. I found out what they liked and disliked especially about boys. Our end of term dance was coming up soon for the eighth graders. We were all expected to attend. The talk among the boys was that it was going to be boring with the girls on one side of the gym the boys on the other, with records being played by one of the teachers. There would be stuff to eat and drink, but nothing cool ever happened. When I was talking with the girls they were all excited about the dance, hoping to dance with some of the boys. Then they laughed and said that will never happen; none of them probably know how to dance. They just seemed to accept me as a friend, one of them, harmless.

I went home from school that day and waited for my mom to get home from her hospital job. I think I shocked her when I asked her if she could teach me to dance. At first, she just looked at me, then a smile came to her face and she said she would. We went into the kitchen, she tuned the radio to one of her music stations and while we waited for a song she asked what kind of dancing I wanted to learn. I told her, "Slow dancing, where you get to hold each other." "Ok, can I ask why this sudden interest in slow dancing?" With a blush on my face I said," I think I should start thinking about girls. I sort of like talking to them and it seems they like a guy that knows how to dance." With a chuckle, she started to explain a simple box step and how I should hold my hands and how my partner would expect me to lead her around the dance floor. With that she took my hand, put it on her waist, took my other hand and held it up and led me throw the steps. Awkwardly at first, I began to dance around the room with her. She encouraged me to hear the beat of the music, look at her and smile like I was having fun. I was; my mom is a beautiful woman. Soon, I was leading her around the room; this was fun. Then something happen that neither one of us expected. I started to hold her close to me and she being about six inches taller than me had my head on her shoulder. I started to get that tingly feeling, the start of an erection. I think mom must have felt it on her leg, because she suddenly moved back from me with a start and announced that the lesson was over that she had to start dinner.

I went to my room, locked my door, undressed & got on my bed and started playing with my cock. It just seemed to be the right thing to do. I had never done it before, but had heard some of the other guys talking about "jerking off" and started experimenting. Soon my cock was rock hard, there was moisture coming out of the tip; I thought I was peeing at first. Suddenly I got this feeling like I was going to erupt. I grabbed a couple of tissues from my night stand. Wow, I went off like a fountain, cum shot about two feet into the air and landed on my chest; spurt after spurt, until finally my orgasm subsided, leaving me a gooey mess. I laid there, thinking about what had just happen, was it my mother that had set me off or could she have been just any girl. If this was the start of my sex life I was really going to like it.

I came out for dinner after Dad got home. We sat quietly around the table there was a certain amount of tension in the air. Later that night, dad came into my room, closed the door, and fumbled his way through my "the Birds and the Bees" lecture and left in a hurry. I continued to practice my dancing in my room by myself for the remainder of the week. The dance was Friday night and I was ready. When I got there, the guys and the girls were already standing around each on their own side. It looked like an invisible wall was standing between them. I went over by the guys, said hi to my best friend Sean Brady and grabbed a soda and some chips. We were talking for a while when the music started, a fast dance. Some of the girls moved onto the dance floor and danced in a group, while the guys just stood around and looked on and then went back to their conversations. Several songs later, a slow song came on; now it was my chance to shine. So with my head held high, I walked over to where a group of girls was standing and asked if anyone cared to dance. One girl nodded her head, said sure, and as I lead her to the dance floor, she looked over her shoulder and shrugged. We started to dance, with me in the lead, always keeping a respectful distance between us. I think she was in shock that she was dancing with a boy from class, because I was the one that had to start the conversation, but soon we were smiling and laughing at the guys who were all looking at us. When the song ended I thanked her for the dance and escorted her back to her friends. We were standing there talking as a group, when another slow song came on. Another girl, the prettiest and most popular girl in the class looked me in the eye and asked me to dance. How could I refuse? We went out on the floor and danced it was wonderful. That seemed to be the pattern for the rest of the night. Although I did dance some fast dances with a group of girls, I danced each slow dance with a different girl until I had danced with all those girls that wanted to dance.

I only had one minor setback during the evening: it was when one of the more physically advanced girls asked me to dance. We got on to the dance floor, started to dance and suddenly she pulls me in close to her. Our bodies were touching and she had her head on my shoulder. That lasted for about a minute until I felt the hand of one of the older female teachers on my other shoulder and heard her telling us to break it up. By this time I had a hard on which my dancing partner must have felt. Luckily, at that moment, the song ended and I excused myself and headed for the men's room. I washed my face and tried to calm down. When I back to the room I received a few cheers from the guys that were watching our dance. I also noticed my partner talking with a small group of girls who were all giggling and glancing my way.

Soon the dance was over and my dad picked me up. School ended on Wednesday of the following week. We said our goodbyes; some of us were going to see each other over the summer, and others we would see in high school, while others we might never see again because they were going to private high schools.

That summer was a typical summer in Southern California; it was hot, but not too hot, dry and sunny: perfect for baseball. My best friend Sean and I would ride our bikes every day down to the ball field where we would meet a bunch of neighborhood kids of all ages and play the Great American pastime. We'd choose up sides and play all morning; sometimes into early afternoon. I wasn't the best kid there but I was sure handed and played a wicked second base. I didn't hit for power, but I did get on base a lot.

One particularly hot day, we played an extra long time and by 2:00 we were all hot and tired and went our separate ways. Sean and I went to his house. His Dad's company had built all of the houses in our community. His house was at the top of the hill and was on the highest level lot in the area. The house was a ranch, which from the air must have looked like a wide letter V. On one side of the lot, the hill continued upward, on the other the property seemed to just drop off out of sight. Sean had a large built- in swimming pool in his back yard which was completely private. The only way to see into the back yard was if someone was standing of the very tip of the roof on the neighbor's house. A strategically placed group of trees took care of that problem. So after a long hot game and an even hotter bike ride up the hill, we dropped our bikes, ran around the house, took off our cloths and jumped in the pool. We were all alone, my parents and Sean's parents had gone on a long weekend fishing trip off the Mexican coast and Sean's older sister Edel was working and would not be home before her shift ended at four at the local MacDonald's.

Sean was the tallest guy in our class and would eventually be our quarterback on the football team. He was well muscled and looked like an athlete. We became such good friends because of our parents being such good friends. I've known Sean forever. We were the odd couple of our school. We'd walk down the hall and the contrast was apparent. Sean was just under six foot tall, with broad shoulders and a long loping stride. I was just over five foot one inch, with the body of a long distance runner.

I got out of the pool and ran over to the diving board and started to bounce up and down. Sean was standing at the other end of the pool when he shouted "Geez you're hung like a horse" That was true; the one part of my body that seemed to grow was my cock. Flaccid I was a good six inches, erect I was over eight. As I bounced up and down on the board my cock began to come to life, when fully erect, on my body it looked obscene. I dove into the water, swimming for a couple of minutes while my erection went down. Sean and I were good friends, but not that good! We climbed out of the pool, grabbed a couple of towels out of the pool storage locker, and settled on a couple of lounge chairs in the shade and just relaxed.

Little did we know that we had an audience that day. Edel's boss had sent her home early because they were over staffed for the number of customers that day. After all, it was a holiday weekend, and everyone appeared to be outside grilling their own hamburgers and hot dogs. When she got home she pulled her car into the garage since one of the family vehicles would be gone for several days. She heard us come home and saw us skinny dipping. I found this all out later that night.

After we were lying down for a while she snuck back out of the house, drove down the block and went shopping until it was the time that she would normally get home. When she drove back, we were already dressed and in the house. We ordered a couple of pizzas and grabbed a couple of cokes from the fridge when they arrived. Edel paid the driver from the money her parent's left her and we all settled in for a quiet evening in front of the TV. Or so I thought, about nine o'clock Edel suggested that we all get ready for bed, then come back to the family room and we'd watch a movie on HBO. I went to the guest room, stripped and slipped on my pajama bottoms and a tee shirt, I got back to the family room to find Sean, similarly dressed sitting in the recliner and Edel standing behind the bar getting three rum and cokes ready. She gave each of us a drink, turned and sat on the sofa. The only other seat with a clear view of the TV was next to her on the sofa. She was wearing an old football jersey which came down to her knees when she was standing but exposed a good bit of her thighs when she sat with her legs on the coffee table. I had always thought of her as Sean's older sister. After all she was three years older than us and she was my best friend's sister, she used to baby sit for me when my folks went out.

Now she was sitting next to me, barefooted, half naked and looking very good indeed. I took a gulp of my drink. She leaned over and whispered in my ear to take it slow the night was just beginning. Just then the movie started. I don't remember its name just that it was some wild teenage party movie with lots of tits and ass, drinking and car chases. Half way through the movie she got each of us another drink. This one didn't appear to be as strong as the last. We continued to watch the movie, but I was spending just as much time looking at her feet and her long legs, and trying to keep my erection down between my legs. I hadn't figured out yet how I was going to stand up. Suddenly we heard some light snoring coming from the recliner. Edel whispered in my ear, "Thank goodness, I thought he'd never fall asleep. I made his drinks triple strong and ours light on the booze." I was about to ask why, when she leaned in against me rubbing her tits against my arm saying "I saw you guys come home this afternoon. I was very impressed." Come on, let's go upstairs to my bedroom, don't worry about him, I'm sure he'll be spending the night right here." With that she shut the TV, shut the light and covered Sean with a light blanket. He didn't budge an inch.

I followed her up the stairs, getting an even better view of her long legs and now I was looking right up to her white panties. All thoughts of hiding my erection left my mind. We entered her room. I stood by her bed, the bed spread had been removed and the covers drawn back. I looked around, the room had a feminine feeling to it but not overly so. I heard the door close and lock. She walked over to me a kissed me gently on my lips. I shook with anticipation, desire and a little fear. "You've never been with a girl before, you're a virgin, right" I nodded my head. " Don't worry, relax and enjoy; I'll teach you everything you need to know.

With that she grabbed the bottom of her jersey and lifted it over her head. She stood in front of me in just her panties. Her breasts, like most of her skin, were creamy white. Her nipples were pink and hard looking like the erasers on our school pencils. Her breasts were not overly large, perfect for her build, they resembled a softball that had been cut in half. She took my hands and placed them on her breasts, they were firm and warm and inviting, "Squeeze my nipples lightly, I love that." After a few minutes she placed her hand behind my head and guided my mouth to her breast. " Play with my nipple with your tongue. That's it, now gently nip it with your teeth" She moaned softy. "That's enough, now it's your turn." I stepped back and she lifted my tee shirt over my head, tossing it on the floor. She leaned over and took my nipple in her mouth sucked and bit gently. A moan escaped my lips. "I think, she said, that I'd better disarm that time bomb between your legs, I think it's going to go off any second." With that she got down on her knees, grabbed my pajamas and dragged them to the floor. I stepped out of them and stood naked in front of her." Magnificent" was all she said as she grabbed my cock in her hand and put her mouth over its head. I could feel her tongue moving in circles as she gently sucked and moved her head up and down. " Edel I'm cumming" I yelled as I placed my hands on the side of her head and tried to back out of her mouth. She just clamped down on my cock as I came, sending spurt after spurt into her mouth. When I was done, she gave me one more lick and sat back on her feet and smiled up at me asking "how was your first blow job?" I just smiled and whispered "awesome." I helped her up and took her head in my hands. Leaning in I went to kiss her thinking "hey if she can take it from the source, I should be able to take it second hand." I slipped my tongue in her mouth and she responded in kind. There was very little taste.

She climbed on to the bed. Lying on her back, she lifted her ass up & eased her panties down to her ankles, then flipped them off the bed with her foot. "Now it's your turn to learn about a female's body. Come on the bed and kneel between my legs. Go ahead and get a closer look, it won't bite." She was a natural red head. She had a patch of neatly trimmed hair at the top of her pussy, which was a light pink in color as if see was blushing. As I took a closer look, she pointed out her various parts, her outer lips were puffy and smooth to the touch. She spread herself open pointing out her inner lips, already moist with her fluid, and her clitoris, or magic button as she referred to it.

"Now it's my turn, I want you to start by licking slowly up and around the outside. Be careful of my clit, it's very sensitive and can cause me pain as well as pleasure." I lowered my head and started licking, slowly at first, then with a little more energy. Judging by her reactions I was doing ok. Her moans and cute little whimpers were turning me on again. I stored the thought in the back of mind that giving someone pleasure gave me pleasure as well. "I'm almost there, I want you to start to lick gently on my clit." I parted her lips with my thumbs and began to lick round and round her clit. Her moaning got louder and her hips began to move. I didn't want to lose contact with it, so I just latched on to her clit like I had with her nipple and sucked. Wow, that did it; her ass came off the bed as her hands grabbed the back off my head and tried to stuff it into her. Her body shook, then went stiff and finally dropped back onto the bed. Lifting my head, I gazed up her body, between her breasts, she had a peaceful almost serene look on her face. "You sure you never did this before" were the first words out of her mouth.

I kissed my way up her body, stopping to pay attention to each of her nipples. My goal was to reach her mouth, however, I suddenly got hung up, my cock was caught right below her pussy. She opened her eyes and said "Wait, lesson time, before you ever put that magnificent cock of yours into a woman, I want you to make sure, that, a, she's protected from getting pregnant, b, that she's sure she wants to, and, c, she's ready." I nodded my head, I understood. She whispered, "Yes, yes, and definitely yes" as she reached down and guided me into her. I slowly sank into her, marveling at the feeling of wet heat and pressure. I pulled back out almost completely, then reversed and pushed in further. I did this four or five more times until she had all of me. Looking into my eyes she said, "I've never felt so full. Hold still for a minute." Ok start slowly at first, in & out. That's it. Oh, yes. That's it; a little faster." I was on autopilot. Not aware of anything but the feeling of our bodies becoming one. How long we were doing it didn't matter, soon, we were both reaching the point of climax. With a grunt and moan I stiffened, and came, as she threw her arms around my neck and pulled me tightly to her body.

I think we both napped for a short period of time. I awoke, and realizing where I was I slowly lifted off and out of her and lay gently next to her as her eyes fluttered open. "That was wonderful, she said, you have the makings of a great lover." I was so tempted to say I love you, but I knew that we were never going to be anything more that friends, so why spoil it. She laid on her back, and looking up at the ceiling she said "now, I'm going to give you the best piece of advice that I can. Always keep your mouth shut when it comes to your lovers. There is nothing that turns a girl off faster than hearing from others about a guy bragging about how he bedded this one or how she gave him a blow job. If you can keep it to yourself, I guarantee that you will have more pussy than you can handle. Promise me you will do it." Of course, I promised her. "Good, because I'm going to tell some of my girl friends about you. They'll be older than you, and won't be looking for a romantic relationship. They will just be looking for some great casual sex with no strings attached. But you are going to have to be careful and very discreet. Some of these girls have very big and tough boy friends; who would not take it too well having their girl friends being serviced by a stud like you.

"Now it's my turn on top, we have time for one more fuck before you have to get out of here and back to your room before my brother wakes up." After that night, we had sex one more time before the weekend was over.

My life was never going to be the same.
Chapter 2
Home | Top | Submissive Romantic's Page |   Feedback to author



 
Home | Submissive Romantic's Page « How Did I Get Here? Index « Previous
Chapter 2: the High School Years
Posted: May 02, 2012 - 09:04:45 pm

Starting the new school year, in a new school, and being the a freshman in a school where every other grade are considered upper classmen can be unsettling, especially if your small like me. I can't tell you how many times I was late trying to get from one classroom in one building to my next class three building away and up two floors. Walking in the halls before class was an adventure in itself. Trying to avoid eye contact with any of football team, while still trying to look at the all the pretty girls can be challenging. Every once in awhile, I would pass Edel while she was talking with a group of her friends, from the friends I'd get looks of disdain or would just be ignored, but Edel would always say hi and throw me he best smile.

It wasn't long before one of her friends came up to me during lunch. She introduced herself and asked if I was doing anything after school the following day."No", I said. "Good, than would you mind walking me home tomorrow." I nodded, too stunned to speak. "I'll meet you outside the senior building at 2:30, don't be late." The next day seemed to drag on forever. Finally, school ended and I practically ran from my locker to outside the senior building. There she was, a good looking athletic blond, in jeans and a tailored blouse, which accented all of her feminine charms. As I approached, she waved to one of her friends and turned and walked down the driveway with me in hot pursuit. I caught up to her and asked if she still wanted me to walk with her. "Oh yes, but we can't appear to be too friendly, just two people walking in the same direction at the same time, you understand don't you?" Sure she didn't want to be seen with a lowly freshman, I'm sure it would ruin her reputation. Her house was about a half mile from school. She told me that both her parents worked and that her older brother was away at college, so we had the house to ourselves.

"Edel told me all about you, that you were the kind of guy that a horny girl could have a little fun with and that you could keep a secret." "She's right, but what she's referring to I haven't the faintest idea. Edel is my buddy's sister." With that a smile came to her face, she opened the door, I quickly stepped in she just as quickly relocked the door and headed down a hallway." Follow me." She led me to her bedroom closed the door and started unbuttoning her jeans. I shrugged and started doing the same. Soon we were both naked. She was even more beautiful with her clothes off. Why this girl needed my help I couldn't imagine. She took down the bed spread and jumped into bed. Just as I was going to climb in with her she got a good look at my cock, standing tall ready for action. "Holy shit" she yelled." I had no idea you were that well hung. I've never had one that big before."" I'll be gentle." I climbed between her legs, and remembering what Edel had taught me, I began to lick her pussy. Soon I had her griping the sheets in a death grip. She came with a series of Oh My Gods. When she calmed down, I asked her if she was on the pill. "Yes" she hissed. With that I guided my cock into her pussy. She wasn't as tight as Edel, but it felt great none the less. I started out slowly then began to go deeper and faster. Soon she was screaming "harder, deeper, oh fuck yes!" soon it was too much for me and I let loose, feeling me cum put her over the edge and she screamed and passed out. I pulled out, went over to her bathroom, got a wet wash cloth and wiped her face until she opened her eyes. "Thank you, that was just what I needed, I caught my boyfriend with another girl a couple of weeks ago, so I cut him off and he is not quite finished with his begging for forgiveness yet. The only problem with cutting him off is that I get horny after a week or so without sex." With that she got up out of bed started getting dressed. I took my cue and began to do the same. We walked back to the front door, she kissed me on the cheek and said good bye.

That was the beginning of my two years as an amateur gigolo. It seemed that more & more girls were requesting my services. Of course, I never complained, nor did I ever talk. I was a young man with two reputations. With the "Bad Girls" I was the stud with the big cock who knew how to use it and who could keep my mouth shut. With the "Good Girls" in my class I was the perfect date. I was a gentleman, they never had to worry about improper behavior from me. They could go out with me, we would have a great time and I would bring them back home perfectly intact with a gentle kiss on the cheek as I left. I never had a case of raging hormones that would prompt bad behavior because I was always taking care of some horny "friend".

One of my most memorable "dates" was with a girl about a year older than me. She came up behind me as I was walking home from school. She introduced herself as Ava. She had been talking to a friend of hers who had told her about me. She took me by the arm and led me to her house. Along the way we talked about why she wanted to do this. It seemed that she had always been a good girl and that she had had several boyfriends in the past but had not gone beyond the kissing and feeling stages. She just wasn't ready. Well now she was and she wanted to be with someone who knew what he was doing for her first time. I asked her if she was on the pill. Yes, she had convinced her mother that her periods were so irregular that she needed the pill in order to regulate herself. I told her that anytime she wanted to stop all she had to do was say so and I'd stop, no matter how far we had gone. She smiled at that but assured me she was ready. She said her parents had just opened a small Italian restaurant on the other side of town and that they both had to work because they were just starting to build their business.

We walked into the house and to her room. We stood facing each other for a moment. I was going to have to lead. I kissed her while unbuttoning her blouse. When I was done, I slipped it off her shoulders. I kissed her neck and reaching around her back unclasped her bra. It fell away exposing the biggest set of tits I had ever seen. Glancing at the inside of the bra I saw that she was a 38dd. She was only an inch or two taller than me. I took her tits into my hands and began to squeeze and knead them. I took her nipples between my thumb and finger and gently rolled them back and forth. Soon she was arching her back and I was sucking on her nipples which were the size of the tip of my finger. She stopped me and started to undress me. She yanked my tee shirt over my head and fumbled with my belt and jeans. What she lacked in experience she made up in exuberance. She dropped to her knees, helped me out of my jeans and grabbed my underwear releasing my cock. The look on her face was priceless. She said something, I think it was in Italian, and took me in her hands. She started to slide her hands up and down. She put the head to her mouth and licked it like an ice cream cone. Not wanting to come too soon, I pulled her to her feet and sat her on the edge of the bed. I pushed on her back and pulled her panties off. Her pussy was trimmed in fine dark hair, neatly trimmed but not shaved. I began to lick her, knowing that I had to get her ready because this was her first time. I didn't have to lick long, she was soaked with her juices as was my face. I moved her to the middle of the bed, then went into the bathroom and came back with a towel. I placed it under her and crawled between her legs. All I can say is that this girl was built for comfort. I took her virginity that day, but she gave as good as she got. We went at it for more than two hours, only stopping when the phone rang, her mother telling her there was food in the refrigerator and that they were busy at the restaurant and she should help herself. I called my house, telling my mom that I was at a friend's and that I would be eating here and I'd be home by 7:00. With that we went back at it for another half hour. We had a quick shower with her cleaning my cock extra well; a large chunk of Italian bread and a thick slice of mozzarella for the walk home and I was out the door. Wow, what a woman. I pity her next boyfriend. She's going to kill him for sure.

And so it went. For the rest of my freshman year and all of sophomore and junior years, I was basically handed down from one senior class to the next, by older sisters to their younger sisters. Not that I regretted it or would have changed a thing. I was enjoying myself. There was just one problem. I was lonely. I wanted a relationship, maybe love and that wasn't going to happen the way things were.

Then the last week of my junior year something happened that would change everything.

My gym teacher, who was also the basketball coach, left a message with my final class of the day, asking me to see him in his office after school. I walked into the gym and over to his office, the door was closed but I could hear a conversation taking place. I knocked on the door and the coach opened it inviting me in. As I entered I was confronted with one of the biggest men I'd had ever met. He must have been at least six foot eight, and if he was standing in a doorway, his shoulders would be squeezed by the frame.

The coach introduced him as Johan Hult. I stuck out my hand and he took it into his huge hands and shook me hard. We sat down, and the coach took over the conversation. "Johnnie, I asked you hear because Johan has a problem that I think you are uniquely qualified to handle. Johan's daughter was critically injured in a skiing accident about six months ago. She has been in a casts for months. She only recently has had the last cast removed and is just beginning to walk again. She is an outstanding basketball player, and has received many scholarship offers. The University of Tennessee is very interested in having her go there. The one question in everyone's mind is can she still play ball at that level. That's where you come in." "Coach, I'm not a basketball player." " I know that, but what you are is the best conditioned athlete in the school. That's what she needs. We want you to work out with her until our basketball practices begin. She is going to playing on the boy's basketball team this year if she can get herself ready in time. Will you do it." I thought for a second or two then said "of course I will." Mr. Hult gave me their address and asked if I could start the next day. I told him that I normally start my workouts early, about 5:30. He said that would be fine that Erika, his daughter, couldn't wait to begin. We shook hands again, mine all but disappearing in his, and left.
Chapter 3
Home | Top | Submissive Romantic's Page |   Feedback to author



 
Home | Submissive Romantic's Page « How Did I Get Here? Index « Previous
Chapter 3: Ericka the Great
Posted: May 02, 2012 - 09:04:45 pm

The next morning, I ran to their address. It was about 2 miles from me on the outskirts of the town. It was a big old farm house with a large barn in the back of the driveway. A basketball hoop was attached to the barn over the large double doors. I walked up the stairs on to the front porch and knocked on the door. The door opened almost immediately and there stood a mountain of a girl. She was six foot six inches tall, with short blond hair, bright blue eyes and a dazzling smile." Hello coach" she said coming out the door. She took my hand and I was amazed at how big her hands were and how firm her grip was. Dressed in sweats it was hard to get an idea of how her body was, but for me it was lust at first sight.

I told her we would start off slowly, I didn't want to overdo it the first day. It would be a workout to judge in what kind of shape she was in. This week we would start off by walking down to the school, maybe taking a lap or two then walking back. I saw the disappointment in her eyes, but she agreed. We talked as we walked. She had always been big for her age. Her dad was obviously big and her mom had been big as well. I caught the use of the past tense and asked what happen. "She died two years ago of a brain aneurism." I'm so sorry" "Thanks, now it's just me and my dad. He's a construction engineer for a large construction company. We moved he about six months ago, right after my accident, he's overseeing a bridge construction project in the valley. I'm hoping to get back into shape so that I can get a full scholarship to play for the Tennessee Lady Vols basketball team, and maybe if I continue to improve to play professionally somewhere someday." I thought she was looking ok so I said "let's jog for the next few minutes." With that, her smile came back and off we went at a slow jog. That lasted about five minutes before she had to slow down to a walk again. I guess I'm not in as good a shape as I thought." "Give it time, you'll make it all the way back and beyond. I promise" We made it to the school and out to the track. She insisted that we take at least one lap, and then headed back home. Each day we would start out the same way, with a little more jogging and one additional lap. After about three weeks there was no more walking. After two more weeks went by we began doing wind sprints once we got to the track. In the sprints I would always start out a little faster than her, but by the thirty yard mark this giant gazelle with her long strides would overtake me and finish about ten yards ahead of me. She was just magnificent. The more we worked out, the more I got to know her, the deeper in love I fell.

By the start of the school year, she was in great shape, she had dropped about 15 pounds she said; although it looked like more to me. I picked her up for the first day of school, my dad had given me his old VW Beetle to drive. It was fun watching her get in and out of the bug, even with the seat all the way back her knees still hit the dash board. In school was the first time I really got to get a better idea of her body. She was really broad at the shoulders and had a remarkably narrow waist for someone so big. Her legs were long of course and ended in a nice tight butt. As we walked through the halls, arm in arm, sometimes holding hands we looked even odder than when Sean & I were best friends. We were now christened the odd couple. Erika would come to my house sometimes to study she would eat over occasionally as well. My parents loved her. I loved her. There was just one problem, I don't think she ever loved me.

One day, a week before the start of basketball practice, Erika asked me if that Saturday we could start our workout around eight o'clock. She also asked if I could drive over, that she wanted to drive somewhere after our workout. Saturday came, I drove to her house. When I went to the front door there was a note on the door telling me she was in the barn. I walked around back and as I approached the barn I heard clanging noises which I couldn't quit place. I went in through the side door and stopped in my tracks. There ahead of me was Erika, lying on a weight bench, pushing a bar filled with weights off her chest extending her arms to their full length then dropping the weight down, only to repeat the process again and again. Finally she put the weight back on the stand, and sat up. Looking at me she said, "Now you know. I not only play basketball, and run but I also lift weights" She stood up. It was then that I realized that she was dress in a pair of gym shorts and a tight tank top. She walked over to me and asked me if I would do her a favor." Before you answer let's talk." We sat down on the weight bench, she wiped her face with a towel and began to speak." Johnnie she said, I was in the locker room after gym, I don't think the girls in the next row knew I was still there. Anyway they were talking girl talk about boys and stuff; when one of them said that she was really horny and that see hadn't found anyone have sex with since her boy toy had been taken out of circulation. The other girl said yeah, since Erika came to the school Johnnie spends all his time with her and is no longer available. After I got over the initial shock of what they had just said I walked around the corner and stood there. I thought they would shit in their panties. I asked them to explain and that I wasn't mad at all. They told me quite a story. I just want you to answer one question. Is it true?" What could I say other than yes it was all true, that I was a boy toy for most of my years in high school, and that I quit when I met her. "And why is that? I took a deep breath and sighed, "Because I love you." "We have a real problem Johnnie, I like you very much, but it can't be anything more than that, after this year I'll be heading to U.T. and you've indicated that you're going to go to UCLA. We can't have a long term relationship being over 2,500 miles apart. I'll tell you what, if you want we still have the rest of this year and until I have to leave for school. I would love to be your girl until then" "Yes, Yes, Yes, I'll take any time that I can with you." "Now I have a favor to ask of you, I want you to make love to me. I don't want to be a virgin anymore." With that she stood and almost yanked me to my feet. She bent down and kissed me. I returned the kiss; our tongues twisting and exploring. I felt her hands running up my sides until they were under my arm pits, then she straighten up and lifted me off my feet. I was looking directly into her blue eyes with my feet dangling almost a foot and a half of the ground. I was already getting hard, she must have felt it. I put my head on her shoulder and glanced in the direction of the of the weight bench. Eyeing the bar on the rack I noted that there were four twenty five plates on each side. "Holy shit, I whispered, you were lifting 200 pounds when I walked in." "You forgot the bar, that's an additional 25 pounds. My best is 245 pounds." That's over twice my weight." She put me back on the ground." If you like that, then you'll love this." Taking her top in her hands, she pulled sideways, and the shirt just ripped completely down the middle. There she stood, naked from the waist up, dressed only in her gym shorts in a double bicep pose. I was literally shaking I was so turned on. She took two steps forward and the grabbed the bottom of my shirt and pulled it over my head. I felt like I was a child and my mother was undressing me for my bath. I kicked off my sneakers as she was tossing my shirt on what was left of hers. She got down on one knee and pulled my gym shorts and underwear down to my feet in one swift movement, my cock first being forced downward the when freed from my shorts springing upward slapping her in the chin. It was her turn to be awe stuck." Holy shit it's so big, it's beautiful! Are all guy's this big?"" No, I said, I'm a couple inches above average. I'm sure there are bigger ones out there." She stood up saying, I've heard guys like blow jobs, do you? I nodded. "Well I bet you've never had one like this before." With that she slipped her right hand under my left arm as her left hand grasped my right thigh and lifted me in one fluid motion high over her head in. After adjusting her position slightly, she tilted her head back, opened her mouth and took my cock into her mouth. I could feel her tongue swirl around the head. Then she started moving me up and down as if I was her weights. Up and down I'd go, almost out of her mouth, then almost completely into it. It was the most erotic feeling I've ever known. This woman was so much stronger than I ever imagined. She had so much power over me, I was completely at her mercy. Suddenly, I felt my orgasm coming." Erika, stop I'm going to cum; I'm going to cum!" Instead of pulling off my cock like I thought she would, she lowered me until I could feel her lips pressing in the root of my cock. I exploded, sending my cum directly down her throat. She held me that way until the last of contractions was over, then she sucked out whatever was left and gently put me down. I held on to her to avoid collapsing at her feet.

When I felt I could stand on my own again, I gazed up into her eyes and said "wow, that was awesome." Now it's my turn. I fell to my knees and eased her gym shorts to the floor. She was naked underneath. "Pretty sure of yourself weren't you." You're a man aren't you?" I nudged her legs a little wider apart and looked up at her pussy. It was nearly bald except for a little tuff of blond hair at the top. I began licking up and down along the outer lips. She had a very prominent clit, which protruded from the top of her pussy. With every upward lick, my nose would bump it, making her twitch. She was already dripping with wetness. I let my tongue catch some of her nectar and followed it to its source. She was moaning with desire. I knew she was almost there. I slid my arms up around her thighs and grabbed her muscular ass with both hands as I latched onto her extended clit. She suddenly gave out a scream and went stiff. I could feel the muscles of her thighs and ass clench throughout her orgasm. I made a mental note to be very careful when I go down on her the next time. I didn't want my head to be trapped by those powerful legs. I think if she had been on her back with my head between her thighs I could easily have been knocked out cold before she realized what she had done. I leaned back and gazed up at her. Her eyes were closed and she had a very serene look on her face. Opening her eyes she looked down at me, extended her hand and said "Come on into the house, I needed you in my bed now!" "Is your father home?" I asked. No, He had to go back east to the corporate office for a few days of meetings; he won't be back until Monday night." She practically dragged me, both of us naked to the back door, which was unlocked, and through the house to her bedroom. She climbed on the bed, turned onto her back and gave me that come hither look. Not needed to be asked twice, I climbed up between her legs and remembering my lessons I asked her if she was on the pill. Yes, she responded I needed it a couple of years ago to regulate my period and have been on them ever since. " This may hurt a bit being it's your first time." "I don't think I have a hymen anymore. I think I broke it when I was young, I was quite a tom boy as a kid. Just go slowly; I should be fine." With that I guided my cock into her pussy a little at a time. She was right, I met not resistance, just an incredible tightness. I pushed all the way in until our pubic hairs met. Slowly I began to pump in and out of her. I caught her smiling up at me and asked if she was ok. "Oh, so much better than ok." I felt her pussy, squeezing me, in a rhythmic clenching and easing. This happen a couple of time during the next fifteen minutes. Soon I could feel myself building to another orgasm. I'm close I said." Me, too." I felt her tighten her thighs around my hips as I stiffened, my cum spurting into her. It was wonderful. I eased my weight off my arms and rested on her body. I closed my eyes and drifted off to sleep, an incredible feeling of serenity washing over me. I felt so safe, like nothing could ever hurt me while I was lying in her arms.

"Welcome back", she said, as I came out of my nap. I looked up, she was smiling at me. "I could get used to this" she said. Reluctantly, I pulled out, and rolled off of her. She got up and headed for the bathroom, coming back a few minutes late with a wet wash cloth. She cleaned me, then said, " Please call your parents and see if you can spend the night." I was on the phone with my mom, who was asking all the motherly questions about was it ok with Erika's dad and such, when Erika hearing only my side of the conversation, took the phone from me and began talking to her almost a whisper. Now, I was only getting one side of the conversation. " No, No, He won't be back until Monday. Yes, No, I think I can handle him. Ok. Good bye." Handing the phone back to me I heard my mom chuckling on the other end of the line. " Ok you can stay. You be good to her, act like a gentleman; ... And be good." With that she hung up the phone. That was the best day, and night of my young life.

Monday, I picked her up and drove her to school. We walked in, hand in hand; everyone who saw us knew that our relationship had changed. We didn't care. We were in love! However, basketball practice took up a lot of her time and we saw less of each now than we had ever before. In fact, the only times I got to see her was between classes and on weekends. I would go to all the basketball games and cheer for her. I remember, that towards the end of the season, during one game in which our school was dominating the team that we used to lose to each and every year things got a little hairy. The kid that had to guard Erika had been getting beat all game. She was just too big and too quick for him. In frustration, he started to push off of her, laying his hand on her ass. This went on for a few minutes, I saw her complain to the ref, but he shook his head indicating there was nothing he could do. The kid was getting more brazen, I guess he was getting his kicks, feeling her ass. The next time down the court, she ran to the low post, and when she got the ball, the kid reached around her and instead of going for the ball, he grabbed her right breast. At that the ref, blew the whistle, the kid had a shit eating grin on his face and Erika having taken all she was going to take from him: whirled around and hit him right in the jaw. He crumbled at her feet, as Erika stood over him screaming for him to get up and fight. Whistles were blowing and the benches emptied before the refs could finally get control of the situation. Erika was ejected from the game, but left to a standing ovation. The coach and the principal had a long discussion after that incident. She avoided suspension from school, but the principal insistent that she could no longer play for the school team. Although she really was heartbroken that she couldn't finish the season, she had already proved to the University that she had regained her ability to play at a high level and that assured her of her scholarship.

We settled into a more normal boy girl relationship for the rest of the school year. Then, one day she called me after dinner, asking me if I could come over to her house. I got there as soon as I could and found her sitting on the front porch. It was evident that she had been crying.

"My dad is being promoted to Vice President of the US division of the company" she exclaimed." That's great." "No you don't understand. It means I have to move again. I talked Daddy into letting me stay here until the end of the school year, then, I have to move back to my aunt's home in Minnesota, until I go to school in the fall. I thought we were going to have this summer together. Now we have less than two weeks." We held each other close and promised each other that we could make it work. Each knowing that they were empty promises. She was going to be a big star at U.T. and then who knew where. I was going to UCLA, majoring in business, with no real plans for the future.

I got back home late that night. My mom was in the kitchen when I came through the door. The look on my face told her all she needed to know. She came over to me and held me close. I cried again. Then, I went to my room.

Graduation was a bitter sweet ending to an almost perfect school year. We said our goodbyes that night, not wishing to drag it out any longer. I kissed her, I told her I would always love her: turned and left for home.
Chapter 4
Home | Top | Submissive Romantic's Page |   Feedback to author


 
Home | Submissive Romantic's Page « How Did I Get Here? Index « Previous
Chapter 4: It Couldn't Get Any Worse, Could It?
Posted: May 02, 2012 - 09:04:45 pm
>>>>>
I moped around the house for a couple of days. Then, my dad came to me and said "you're coming to work for me as an apprentice carpenter for the summer." That I found out was a glorified term for a "go-fer as in, go for this, go get that, get coffee, etc. Well at least I was out of the house, earning some money for school in the fall. I also was learning the importance of a good education. Every night I would come home exhausted from running around the job site, carrying fifty pound boxes of nails, two by fours, and sheets of plywood, in between my trips to the local seven- eleven for coffee and buttered rolls.

Then came the Fourth of July week-end, three days off alone: my parents were driving to LA for an overdue vacation. They left Friday night and weren't due back until Monday night. I spent the Friday night making plans to meet up with some of my friends from school on Saturday night. Saturday morning I was awakened by the door bell. I slipped on a pair of pants and looking out I saw Ed and Katherine Brady, along with a state trooper. I opened the door, they asked to come in. I could see on their faces that they had bad news. My parents had made it to LA and were out walking in front of their hotel when a group of rival gang members began shooting at one another. My parents were caught in the initial barrage of gun fire and were killed instantly. When the police went though their pockets, they found my father's business cards and contacted Ed. Katherine held me as the realization that my parents were dead hit me. For the next couple of days I walked around like a zombie. They insisted that I stay at their house. They made the funeral arrangements and helped me cope with the fact that I was alone. Both my parents were only children, there were no living relatives. After the funeral, I insisted on staying in my own house. The night was the worst. I could still feel their presence in the house. Any minute I felt that they would be walking through the door, that this was all a bad dream. But, that didn't happen; reality sucks.

One day I got a phone call from Ed asking me to come with him. We had to meet with my parent's attorney for the reading of their will. Of course, I was the sole heir, but with a little wrinkle. Because the will was about ten years old, they had stipulated that a trust be set up to hold any assets that might have been left to me until I reached the age of twenty one. This posed a real problem in that, the house still had a mortgage that would be required to be paid and the expenses of upkeep, real estate taxes, insurance, and utilities would also have to be paid by the trust. Even with my parents life insurance there would not be enough funds to cover these expenses for the next four years while I completed my college education. The decision was made to sell the house, pay off the mortgage and invest the remainder of the cash. Since Ed was the trustee, he could make those decisions. Just as well, I didn't have the knowledge or the experience to make them for myself.

For the next couple of weeks, Katherine helped me go through my parents things. We donated most of their clothes to charity and held an estate sale to sell what we could of the furniture and other personal property. It was agreed that those proceeds would be deposited in a bank account for my use while I was at school. The house was sold by the end of August and I left for school a couple of days later.
Chapter 5
Home | Top | Submissive Romantic's Page |   Feedback to author


 
Home | Submissive Romantic's Page « How Did I Get Here? Index « Previous
Chapter 5: My College Education
Posted: May 02, 2012 - 09:04:45 pm

College was a whole different way of life for me. I was living in a dorm room with another guy I had never met before. The professors didn't seem to care whether I attended their classes or not. No one was asking about my home work getting done or how everything was going. I truly felt alone and on my own. After a couple weeks of classes, however, it all seemed to make sense to me. Because I'm a morning person, I had chosen mostly morning classes, which gave me plenty of time in the afternoon and evening to study or catch up on readying assignments. Things were going so well that I decided to look for a part time job to supplement my spending money. I didn't want to bother Ed & Katherine, they had their own kids to worry about and besides they had done enough for me already. The dorm building's first floor was reserved as public space where students could relax, meet with friend, etc. There was a large bulletin board, where messages and announcements were posted, along with help wanted ads from various neighborhood businesses. There were the usual, fast food jobs, bus boy, waiter, and retail clerk positions available; none interested me. Then I spotted, almost covered over with other papers, a flyer from a company called Victoria Productions. Male model wanted, no experience necessary, must be youthful in appearance, clean shaven, and under five foot four inches in height. I copied down the number and headed out to the library to do some reading. Before I went in, I made the call and set up an appointment for the following afternoon at 2:30 after my last class of the day. Their offices were about a mile from the campus so it was no problem for me to get there in plenty of time.

The next day I jogged over to the address. It was a two story building with what use to be a retail shop on the first floor and what looked like an apartment on the second. The building had what looked like a small warehouse attached to the back. There was a small parking lot on the side. It was located in a mixed use commercial and retail area. Upon entering the building, I stood in a small, but well maintained reception area. There was an attractive woman, about thirty five years of age, she appeared to be typing address labels. Looking up from her work, she turned and gave me a radiant smile, asking me if she could help me. I told her I had an appointment and that I was answering the ad for the male model position. "Of course" she said. Handing me a clip board with several forms and a pen, she asked me to fill them out as best I could. Then she called Victoria on the phone and said "Your 2:30 appointment is here, I think you will want to see this one." After I completed the forms, she got up and walked me down a short hallway to the office of Victoria King. As I entered the room, Victoria stood, and walked around the desk with her hand extended, while the receptionist closed the door as she left the room. Victoria was stunning; about five ten, one hundred and thirty pounds all in the right places. She was dressed in jeans and a Victoria Productions golf shirt. She had long auburn hair with high cheek bones. She appeared to be about forty. We sat down on the couch and she quickly scanned my paperwork.

"Well, John, your appearance seems perfect for the position, just what we wanted. Have you ever done any modeling or acting before?"" Just a couple of school plays in high school I replied"" I see you're a freshman at UCLA, how's it going?"" It's going well, I feel confident that I can do the school work and still have time for employment."" Wonderful, let me tell you a little bit about my company" 'I started Victoria Productions about ten years ago. We are in the Adult Entertainment industry. We provide, what we believe is superior quality, adult entertainment in various forms of media. Our primary product is video tape, but we also do pictures and printed material as well. Our specialty is Incest, primarily mother/son but we also do brother/sister as well. Our customer base demographic is married or divorced women in the 35  45 age group. The position we are looking to fill is for the son/brother. The job requirements include a minimum amount of acting, a lot of nudity, and a lot of sex. Does that sound like something you would be interested in?" My mind was racing in a hundred different directions. There were so many questions I wanted to ask her and myself for that matter. But the only thing that came out of my mouth was the word "yes". "Great, she said. "Please go into the bathroom over there, you'll find several clean bathrobes, strip and put one on and come out here for a visual inspection. I have to see how you will look to the camera." I did as she asked. Gathering up all the courage I could muster, I opened the door and stepped back into the office. I must have been so nervous that I wasn't anywhere near hard as I stood in front of her.

"Ok, drop the robe." I did, and a smile came to her face, as she said, "My, does that thing come with a warning label. Do you mind", she said as she reached over and gently held my cock, which was now beginning to react in its usual manner. In moments it reached its full eight and a half inches and was pulsating in her hand in time with the pounding of my heart." Do you have much sexual experience?" "Yes, I lost my virginity at age thirteen and haven't stopped since." "You can go put your closes back on, then we'll talk some more." I hurried back into the bathroom, dropped the robe and got dressed. "That wasn't so bad, I thought, I can do this!" I came out of the bathroom and saw that Victoria was back behind her desk, on the phone, giving instructions. "Beth, I want you to get an appointment set up for John with Dr. Wilson, the usual, physical and blood work, also, bring in a standard talent contract that John Carpenter can sign; eight, thousand, ten percent. Thanks" "John, please have a seat, "pointing to a guest chair in front of her desk. I'm offering the position to you if you want it; subject to you passing your physical. We take your health very seriously here at Victoria Productions. With AIDS and other sexually transmitted diseases becoming more and more of a problem, we require physicals of all our talent on a regularly scheduled basis. We also ask that you restrict your outside sexual activity to a minimum. If you don't have a current girl friend to satisfy, you should be getting all the sex you need right here. Nearly all the partners that you will have making films here, are employees here, and we pretty much control their sexual lives. I hope that won't be a problem for you." "No, that won't be a problem for me. "" Good" Just then, Beth, the receptionist, came into the office, with a small stack of papers and told us that my appointment was all set up for today at five. Victoria took the contracts and after a quick review went over them with me. I was to be paid $8.00/hr whenever I worked in the office or warehouse. I would get $1,000. per film upon completion and quarterly, I would receive 10% of the gross profits from the sales of any of my work. I read over the contract, it all appeared to be in order to me so without any hesitation I signed three copies and handed the back to Victoria who signed them as well. I received one signed copy she kept the others. "One more thing," she said, "from now on you'll be known as Jonnie in all your films. Now, let's get you down to the doctor's office, I'll drive, then I'll take you back to school." The physical went fine, I had to wait a week for the results of the blood work. It was agreed that if all came back negative that I would start on Friday of the following week at 1:00. I was to be prepared to make my first film. Victoria said," I have a script that I've been holding on to for just the right person to do, you're the one. It should take us about three days to do based upon your limited work schedule. " With that she dropped me off back at the school and off she went.

I would be lying if I said that everything was normal the following week. I went to classes, but couldn't keep thoughts of what I was about to do out of my head. Finally, Friday came and after my last class, I headed over to Victoria's. She welcomed me and introduced me to all of her employees that were there. We went back to her office and smiling handed me my script. It was more like an outline than a script. There was a basic plot, and some key lines at the beginning of the story, but for the most part we would be just making up the dialogue as we went along. Looking up, I said, "We?" "Of course", she said," I'm one of actors just like everyone else who works here. Come on let's go upstairs to the sound stage and do a walk through." We went up stairs. It was an open floor plan, with movable partitions that could be wheeled into place to create different looks for the same room. Vickie, explained that there were five remote controlled cameras in the room, and that the "director" would sit in the control room and move the cameras to get the best shots. The sound would be picked up by several microphone placed in various parts of the room. The sound and the video would be mixed to achieve the desired effect and the tape when she approved, would be brought to the duplication department and copies would be made for distribution.

We did our walk through fully clothed, then went to make up to have any last minute tough ups and wardrobe for the little clothing that we would be wearing. Then when we were set, we met back on the stage and started to film.

I entered the room, crying saying I never wanted to go to school again. My mother, Vicky, asked what was wrong. "We had to take showers after gym class today and all the kids were making fun about the size of my penis." "Oh, don't worry. I'm sure it will grow some more as you get older." I cried harder. "What's wrong." "I don't want it to grow any more, it's too big as it is." With that she put her book on the night stand and asked me to come up on her bed and lay next to her. "You know since your Daddy died, I've tried to be both mother and father to you. I can see that I haven't been doing a very good job." Oh, mommy you've been doing great, I love you so much, but I do miss Daddy." "Me too." "I think it's time to further your education, but you have to promise me that you will never tell anyone about what is about to happen now or in the future." With that, she said," I want you to take off your pajamas and I'll do the same. You are going to learn all about the parts of the body and their function." With that she took off her night gown and slid off her panties. I stared at her with my mouth wide open. "Well come on I don't have all night." I took off my pajamas and slid down my underwear. She said, "Oh my god, when did you grow that magnificent cock!" "Mommy, why are you making it grow; that's the whole problem." "Jonnie has this ever happened before?" " Yes" "And what happen, what did you do?" "Nothing, I just laid in bed and it got smaller again after awhile. I was scared"" Honey, there's nothing to be scared of. That's your body telling you that you're growing up, changing from a boy to a man. Let me explain. When a man and a woman want to make a baby, the man must stick his penis into the woman's vagina. A boy can't do that, only a man can. Your body was telling you that soon you will be able to do it. It's called intercourse, commonly referred to as sex." Is that the only time that happens" "No, nature made it fun to do so that we would want to do it often. This way we would insure that enough babies were born to keep the population of the earth from disappearing." Mommy, look my penis it's really hard now." Good, because now you are going to have your first sex education lesson." "We are going to use the common terms for the body parts and their functions. This is your cock; it's hard now because you have become sexually excited. Your body is saying that it wants to stick your cock into a vagina or pussy. I just happen to have one right here. Come take a look." She opened her legs wide and I got my first look at a pussy. "Where do I stick it in?" Taking my hands in hers, she spread herself open. There was the hole, it looked moist and above it was a small button which looked like a miniature cock " What's that?" "That's my clitoris or clit for short. It's very sensitive and when it's touched by a finger or a tongue it sends wonderful feelings through my whole body. We'll get to that soon. When you stick your cock into my pussy, you will get the urge to start moving it in and out, that's built into your subconscious. The pressure that my pussy puts on you cock will make us both feel really good. Soon your body will sense that it's time to shoot your baby making seed into my pussy, that's your sperm or cum. When that happens you'll feel pleasure like you never felt before." "Can we try it now?" "After you perform some preliminary tasks called foreplay in order to get me ready" I want you to come up here and examine my breasts or as there also known, tits. That's it squeeze them in your hands, play with my nipples, pinch them gently and roll the nipple between your fingers. That's it. Now I want you to suck on them one at a time just like you did when you were a baby. Oh honey that's so nice. I'm almost ready. Now I'm going to ask you to scoot down and kiss and lick my pussy; get it really wet, it's been a long time since I've had a man in me." 'Mom, are you sure? It sounds gross." Don't worry you'll love it, and if you do a good job I'll do the same to you." I got between her legs and licked, there was a slightly salty taste and an intoxicating smell filled my nostrils. " Oh honey, yes that's it I'm going to cum, yes, yes, ahhhhhhh." I looked up, her eyes were closed and she had a dreamy look on her face. Opening her eyes she said, "That was wonderful, now it's your turn. Come up here and lay on your back. This is called a blow job, enjoy." With that she put my cock in her mouth and began to suck up and down. The feeling was like nothing that I ever felt in my life. I closed my eyes as I felt her tongue tickle the tip of my cock. My hips began to move on their own, up and down as if I was trying to shove my cock all the way into her mouth. Suddenly, I started getting a tingly feeling in my balls. It felt like pressure was building and I was about to erupt. " Mom what's happening? Stop I think I have to pee. She didn't stop, instead, she took as much of cock into her mouth as she could. I started to shake as I felt something spurting through my cock and into my mom's mouth. She must have liked it because she kept on sucking until I finally stopped. She backed off and had a smile on her face. "How was that?""It was great, what happened?" That, my dear, was your first orgasm.

With that, Vicky yelled, "cut, let's take a twenty minute break." Only then did I remember what we were really doing. "You were great, Jonnie. You're a natural. Now take a break, the fuck scene is next." With that she got off the bed, was handed a robe and left the stage.

We came back after a short break. We climbed on the bed; positioned properly by a voice from the control room, we resumed the action. My mother taught me how to make love to a woman in all the classic positions. We started out in the missionary position, then we switched to the cowgirl position. I liked that position the best because not only was my cock slipping in and out of her incredibly tight pussy, but I also got to play with her nice tits. She would lean over me dangling those beauties just out of the reach of my tongue and make me arch up off the bed to suckle one; or she would suddenly start them swinging back and forth; whacking my face or try to smother me in her cleavage. It was all good. We ended up in the doggie position; with her on her knees, her face buried in her pillow and my cock buried deep in her pussy from behind. When I came, I came hard, with all of my cock deep in her pussy.

I collapsed on her back, loving the feel of her ass on my stomach. We held that position for another minute then she yelled cut once again. We both got off the bed; Vicky said, "that's a wrap for the night everyone, great job; see you on Monday." She turned to me saying;"Come on, let's take a shower and then, if you have time, we can grab a bite to eat." After a long hot shower, where we made sure that each other was nice and clean, we drove deeper into the city to a fancy restaurant. Over filet mignon and a baked potato, a glass of red wine for her and a coke for me, we discussed the day's work and what was going to happen the following week. She and Carla, the editor, would go over the tape, choosing the best angles and shots and put together a rough cut. They would also sync the audio to the rough cut. On Tuesday they would preview the rough cut with sound to determine if anything needed to be added or cut out. On Tuesday, if I was available, we would shoot some additional dialogue scenes and they would be added to the rough cut. The final cut finished project would be complete by Friday. Vicky also said that a brochure would be put together, promoting Victoria Production's newest star, me, with stills taken from the tape. The brochure would be mailed out to their entire customer list. Orders for the new tape would start rolling in about a week after the mailing.

"You did really well, John. I'm impressed with your professionalism and your love making, you don't come across as an eighteen year old." "Thank you, I had a great teacher and partner today. As for the rest, it's a long story which I will tell you about someday; but, let's just say that I have had some pretty good teachers in my life." John, she said, I don't usually do things like this, but here goes, I'd like for you to stay with me. I've got plenty of space; you will have your own room and plenty of privacy. We'll work out the details of getting you to school and to work. I need someone in my life; and most guys I meet in this business are sleaze bags." "Victoria, I don't know what to say other than yes. I'm not foolish enough to even dream that a woman like you could have a romantic interest in someone like me; but I'll let you in on a little secret. Today, I wasn't acting." "Neither was I," she whispered.

She paid the bill and we got out of the restaurant and into her Porsche and headed into the hills. We soon arrived at a large estate, with iron gates across the driveway. With a push of a button the gates parted and in we went. We drove around the side of the house and into a three car garage under the living quarters." You live her by yourself?" "Not anymore." With that we climbed out of the car and went into the house. 'We'll drive down to the dorm tomorrow and get your things." We walked though the house, Vicky giving me the nickel tour." This will be your room." I looked in; it was large, spacious, with several large windows looking out over the backyard, with its large free form swimming pool. "I expect you to use this room to do your homework, study, store your clothes and to sleep when we have company," she said with a twinkle in her eye." At all other times, it will be empty." She took my hand and led me down to a room at the end of the hall. "Here is where you'll be sleeping and doing other things" She turned to me, pulled me in close and gave me a sensual hug and kiss." Come on, let's get ready for bed. Oh, by the way, I hardly ever wear anything to bed." With that, we both shed our clothes and climbed into bed. We explored each other's body with a gentle ease. Since we had already made love all afternoon, there was no sense of urgency to our love making; just the desire to get to know and please each other. Afterwards, we cuddled and fell asleep in each other's arms.

So it began, our casual love affair lasted all during my years at school, as did my career in the adult film industry. I made videos with all of the employees who worked at V.P. on a regular basis. I even made one video with Maria, the sixty year old shipping clerk. It was a granny video. But believe me, although her body wasn't as tight and smooth as the others, she still knew how to work it and I enjoyed myself immensely.

The most memorable video I ever did, however, was a brother/sister video. Vicky had given me the script outline a couple days before. I read it over and asked her who was going to be my costar. Up until that point I had never worked with an actress close to my age. She said, "I found someone new for you to work with, she's a part timer, I don't think she's going to stay in the business; but she is very experienced and comes highly recommended."" Well, I said, when do I meet her?" "Not until she walks onto the sound stage. I want to get your reactions on tape."" Ok, you're the boss." The next day I got to the studio at my normal time. Looking around I noticed more employees than normal were hanging around the set. I went through my normal pre-shoot routine and got to the set ready for the opening scene. This was going to be short, clothed, set the story, scene. Mom, Vicky, was going away for a couple of days on business and I was going to be babysitting my younger sister. The director voice came from the control room "action" and mom and Ally came through the bedroom door.

"Holy shit, I thought to myself, she must be only twelve years old." She was about 4'10", couldn't have weighed more than 80lbs soaking wet. She appeared to have no tits at all and just a slight hint of an ass. She was cute, blond hair in pigtails, and bright blue eyes. I could see that both of them were enjoying my discomfort. I looked right into Vicky's eyes and yelled cut. I motioned for her to step over to the other side of the room. When we were out of earshot from Ally I asked, "How old is she? She can't be legal."To which Vicky laughed and said, "Of course she's legal, I wouldn't do anything that would jeopardize my company; in fact, she's older than you are." I turned and stared at Ally in disbelief, then shrugged my shoulders and apologized to Ally and the rest of the crew. After a good laugh at my expense everyone got back to business.

After we said goodbye to Mom, promising to be good and careful; Ally went back out the door with her while I returned to my bed, reading a book for school. Ally returned after an undeterminable amount of time and jumped up on my bed. She was carrying a magazine behind her back. She asked, "are you done reading, yet. You've been reading that book for over an hour." I closed the book and said, "Yeah, it's boring stuff anyway. What do you want to do, kid?" What do you mean kid, I'm going to be thirteen in two more months, and besides you're only 14."Well, mom left me in charge, so just behave yourself." "Jonnie, have you ever had sex?" "No! Why would you ever ask a question like that?" "Well, I was talking with Barbara my girlfriend from school and she said she caught her older sister and her boyfriend having sex on the couch in their family room last week. I really didn't know what she was talking about but I didn't let her know that." "You're too young to know about those things" "Do you know about those things?" "Yes, we learned about sex in health class." "Oh good, could you teach me?"" First of all I told you I never had sex before, secondly you're too young, and finally, you're my sister." "Ok then, I was hoping that we could learn about sex together, that's why I asked Barb if I could borrow this magazine." She showed me the magazine; there were pictures of men and women, all naked, showing them doing all sorts of things that I never imagined. As I was looking at the magazine she got off the bed and took all of her clothes off. She got back on the bed. The movement of the bed caused me look up." What the hell do you think you're doing; put your clothes back on." "Listen Jonnie, how do you expect to learn about how to do it? They're not going to show us in school. Do you want to embarrass yourself in front of your girlfriend? We can do this together, learn together, this way neither of us needs to be embarrassed about anything we do or say." She was making a lot of sense, at least to the small head in my pants." Ok. What should I do first?" "Take off your clothes, I want to see everything." I stood up and stripped naked. As I turned around, I could see the look of shock in her eyes. It seemed that Vicky forgot to tell her about the size of my cock. "Oh my god, its immense "she said. I got up on the bed and she took my cock in her hand and said "Let me look at this thing." She grabbed it with the other hand as well as if she were holding a baseball bat and started moving it up and down. I closed my eyes and reveled in the feeling of the first person other than myself to ever hold my cock. I was feeling so good that I missed the warning signs of my orgasm. My eyes flew open and I yelled, "You'd better stop."Too late, I began spewing spurt after spurt of cum all over her stomach and chest." I was shocked, we never did "money shots" Vicky thought they were degrading to women. Ally, on the other hand let out a shriek of joy and rolled over on her stomach in a fit of laughter. "That was amazing. "she said. I heard "cut" from off stage and Vicky came out with a smile on her face." Perfect" Let's keep it rolling a little longer while Jonnie goes off stage and gets a towel to clean her up. Action" I did what the boss said; when I got off stage I was handed a towel and tried to apologize to Vicky who just waved it off and indicated for me to get back on stage. After I cleaned Ally off, Vicky yelled cut again and we all took a break.

This time, it was my turn to examine her body. I had her lay down on her back and began on her chest. Her tits were little more than the size of a halved peach. Her nipples, however, stood out proudly like twin erasers; hard and hot to the touch." Squeeze them" she said. I did, gently at first."No, harder, pull on them, I love that." She arched her back and moaned with pleasure. I bent over and took one of her nipples into my mouth and sucked and bite it. She moaned again and pulled my head down hard on her tit. I got the same reaction when I moved to the other one. Finally, I felt her begin to push me down lower between her legs. Her pussy was completely bare, no sign of any hair at all. She kept me in character by telling me to take my thumbs and spread her lips open. As I did, saw her clit and felt her heat rising as I lowered my face to get a better look. She told me to lick her. Tentatively I did, with a flick of my tongue. She jumped with pleasure and I did it again. Soon, I had her entire pussy covered with my mouth. She was arching her back and ass of the bed in an effort to make as much contact as possible. When I latched onto her clit her hips began to jerk and I had all I could do to keep in contact with her. Suddenly, she went stiff as a board, screamed and passed out. My face was soaked with her juices as I let her back down onto the bed. No one said a word. I got up and walked off stage. We took a ten minute break. Vicky came up to me and whispered" I am so wet right now, I'm going to have to go to my office and change my underwear. Don't wear yourself out, you're mine tonight. After the break we got back on the bed. Ally, looking at the magazine said, "I want to do that." I look over her shoulder and saw a picture of a man laying on his back, his cock buried deep into the pussy of a woman who was kneeling astride his hips. "I don't know Ally, are you sure you can take it, I'm pretty big?" " Let's find out, if it hurts too much I can always stop." I rolled over on to my back, my cock pointing up towards my head, was hard as steel. Ally climbed over me straddling my hips. She grabbed my cock and nestled the head between her pussy lips, and slowly began to sink down. I watched in amazement as my cock began to disappear into her. She was very wet and extremely tight. She would take a couple of inches and back of one, then take two more and back off again. Finally with a shudder she dropped all the way down until our pelvic bones were rubbing together." Wow, I feel stuffed. It's incredible." She put her hands on my chest and started to raise and lower herself ever so slowly. Soon she was building up speed. She was so tight I thought she might yank my cock completely off my body. I grabbed her hips and started thrusting upward. We were both panting and moaning. Finally I couldn't take it anymore. I came with a guttery howl. That set her off, she sat back and grabbing her nipples, screamed incoherently. I couldn't believe this was my little twelve year old sister. When we both came down from our high, she eased me out of her and she laid her body over mine with her head on my shoulder. "Thank you, big brother " she said and closed her eyes. We just laid there for a while then smiled at each other as we received a standing ovation from the crew.

"Okay people that's a wrap for tonight, we'll start again tomorrow. Good night everyone." That night, we didn't even stop for dinner. Vicky dragged me into the house, threw me on the bed, stripped me naked and stuffed my overworked cock into her dripping pussy. We fucked half the night, until, no matter how hard she tried or what she did, she just couldn't get me hard again. With a chuckle she said" Ok stud, I think I finally found a way to wear you out." I don't think I even felt her leave the bed, I was out like a light. It was a good thing I didn't have any classes that next day, because by the time I woke up the sun was high in the sky and I found a note from Vicky. "Thank you for the sexiest day of my life. See you after work tonight, tiger, love Vicky." All good things must come to an end, and for me, it was my college years. As I neared graduation day, I sensed that something was not quite right. Vicky was going out to business meetings, coming home late, and when we went to bed all she wanted to do was for me to hold her. Finally one Saturday morning, I confronted her with my feelings. She asked me to sit in the living room, that she would be there in a couple of minutes. When she came in I saw that her eyes were red and puffy, I knew it was over between us. "John, I will be forever grateful to you for the joy you've given me these last four years. You filled a void in my life when I needed it most. But, I am twenty years older than you, and even if you don't realize it yet, you will someday, realize that you need someone your own age to settle down with, to have a family with, and to grow old together. I met such a man about a year ago. I didn't realize it until a short time ago. I think this is the best for both of us. I've decided to sell the Company. He doesn't know what I do for a living and I don't think his Midwestern up bringing has prepared him for understanding what I do or for our relationship for that matter. You'll be graduating in a couple of weeks and I'm sure you'll be hearing from some prospective employers shortly. You were very encouraged at how the interviews went last week. I'm sorry that we couldn't sit down before this and discuss this, but I just don't think I could have let you go if I'd had let you argue against it. I stood up, my eyes filled with tears and held her tight. "I will always love you, you've been my lover, my boss, my friend and last but not least my Mom. I couldn't be happier for you. With that we both held each other and laughed and cried.

She said, "Sit down, I have one more thing that we have to go over." She left the room for a minute. When she returned she had a file in her hands with a bunch of papers. If you remember back when you first started with us, I had you sign some papers. I explained that they were for your financial future. One was a power of attorney, allowing me to act as your financial advisor, and the others had to do with setting up investment accounts and deferred compensation plans. Stuff like that. I was amazed that you never asked for any money other than your weekly paycheck. I guess it was because you never had the need for money. Believe me when I say that I never regretted for an instance our relationship. Anyway, I would take your commission checks every quarter and invest them in a balanced portfolio of stocks, mutual funds and fixed income securities. In addition, the company put away 15% of your pay in a profit sharing plan self directed investment account. As of the last quarterly statements, your balances total a little over $ 550,000." I sat there with my mouth open, staring at her. "John, you have no idea how popular your videos were. You made all of us a lot of money. For which I for one will be eternally grateful." "What do you want me to do with the money?" I sat there for a few moments then asked, "Would you consider continuing as my personal financial advisor?" "I was hoping that you would say that. Here, sign these forms. They renew our relationship and allow me to continue as your advisor. I will let you know quarterly how we are doing. You will, however, have to file your own tax returns from now on. I use to slip them into the papers that you would sign never reading them. I guess I really was, in one sense, acting like your mother. But now, you're truly a man in every sense of the word. After tonight, I want you to move into the guest room and after graduation; I want you to start looking for your own place." We spent the day lounging by the pool. She told me all about the guy she was going to marry. That night we made love for the last time; it was soft and sweet. I will remember her always.
Chapter 6
Home | Top | Submissive Romantic's Page |   Feedback to author


 
Home | Submissive Romantic's Page « How Did I Get Here? Index « Previous
Chapter 6: the Start of My Business Life
Posted: May 02, 2012 - 09:04:45 pm

Armed with a BA in Business Administration and all the enthusiasm and energy that youth can offer, I entered the world of business. I had received an offer of employment from a large pharmaceutical company headquartered in New Jersey. It was a sales position in their Consumer Health Products division, working out of the western sales office, just north of Los Angeles. Although I filled out all the necessary paperwork with my legal name John Carpenter, I introduced myself as Jack to everyone I met. I wanted to distance myself a little from my days at Victoria Productions if possible.

For the next six months, I learned the product lines of everything CHP sold. I assisted our more seasoned account representatives with their customers, took orders over the phone, dealt with customer issues, our own sales administration personnel, located back east somewhere, and warehouse and trucking personnel looking for misrouted product. I short; I was learning the business from the bottom up. One of the senior account reps was a woman named Karen Hunter. She was about 40 years old, with blond hair and green eyes. Although she always dressed professionally, there was no hiding the fact that she was a very well built woman. Probably about 5'8" and weighting about one hundred thirty five pounds she had a full bust, a slim waist, and a round sexy butt. Her legs were long and sleek. She was no stranger to the inside of a gym. Her most appealing feature for me, however, was her voice. She was a transplant from the south, and when she turned on that southern belle charm I just melted. She was assigned as my mentor, and she took that job very seriously.

After a year with the company I was assigned my own accounts and encouraged to cultivate new ones as well. As my experience and abilities grew, so did the size of my customers and the size of my paycheck. Although I was not setting the world on fire, I was making a decent living. Which was fine with me, because of Vicky and her expertise, my early retirement would be very well funded indeed. I hadn't even touched the money that had come out of my parent's estate, which was still held in trust for me. All in all, everything was going well.

Another year went by and it was announced that Karen was promoted to Director of Sales for the western office. She deserved the promotion, she had worked hard for the company and had earned it. As a director she was going to have to give up a lot of her client contact. I was in the right place at the right time and with her as my mentor, I received a promotion as well and was assigned to take over her client base. For the next six months, we would be traveling to various large customers in sort of a meet and greet tour. I would be introduced to the purchasing personnel and other key individuals by Karen. We would discuss ways to improve the flow of product and information and stuff like that. All in all, they were rather boring trips, that lasted one or two nights in each location. On the second of one of these sales trips, Karen and I arranged to have dinner in the hotel after we came back from a day of meetings. We talked at length over a bottle of wine and dinner. I could see something was bothering her but couldn't figure out what it was. She talked about her personal life, something she never did before. She said that she was married to Robert Hampton, a political power broker in Sacramento. They had been married about ten years, no kids, and that at this point in their lives, they led almost totally separate lives. He was fifteen years her senior and spent much of his time in Sacramento. She looked me in the eyes and said, "I still love him, but I need things that he can no longer give me. He comes home for most weekend, spends a lot of time on the phone, we go out to dinner, come home and go to bed. He holds me, caresses me, then kisses me good night and turns over and falls asleep. I'm forty three years old; I'm not bad looking; I'm in the prime of my sexual life and I'm horny as hell, Jonnie." Jonnie, that caught my attention. I sat back in my chair, folded my arms over chest and stared at her. "I know about what you used to do," she said looking down at the table. "I was a customer of Victoria Productions and have a collection of videos; many of which are yours." "Now what?" I said, not liking the direction that this conversation was taking. "You know the company might not like having a former porn star working as an account rep."" What do you want?" "You, or more precisely this" her shoeless foot suddenly found its way into my crotch and began to caress my lengthening cock. We'll have to be discreet; I don't want my husband to ever find out, but I need you badly." She paid the bill, and took me by the arm, and led me out of the room, to the elevator and up to her room. Once inside, she walked over to the bed and began to unbutton her blouse. "Come on Jonnie, it won't be so bad, I know I'm not a porn star queen, but I don't think I'm too bad either." She reached behind her back and unsnapped her bra, letting it fall to the floor. Gravity and Father Time had had some effect on her tits, but not much. They were full, probably a D cup, which sagged only slightly when left on their own. Her nipples were long and excited. I kicked off my shoes and started to undress. I hadn't realized it, but I was just as horny as she was. We climbed onto the bed where she took complete control. She moved me onto my back, and taking my erection into her hand began rubbing it across her lips and over her face. Then she took me into her mouth and started a very sloppy and very exciting blow job. Soon I reached the point of no return, I warned her that I was about to cum, but she just increased her pace. I exploded into her mouth, sending my cum deep into her mouth and down her throat. She sat back on the bed still between my legs and said, "You don't know how many times I lay in my empty bed and fantasized about doing that after watching one of your videos." She started to crawl up the bed from between my legs, until she was sitting on my chest, her neatly trimmed pussy just inches from my face. "Now it's your turn." With that she grabbed the top of the head board and lowered her pussy over my mouth. I was only too happy to oblige. I licked all around, ignoring her clit. I stuck my tongue in as deep as I could, and was rewarded with a load of her juices. She began rubbing herself over my entire face, as if marking her territory. Finally, when I sensed the time was right I grabbed her ass and latched onto her clit, and using my tongue, I whipped that love button. "Oh, God, Oh God, I'm cumming" With that, she tried to stuff my face all the way into her pussy, and let loose with a torrent of juices. For a second I thought she was peeing on my face. I had never been with a squirter before. When she finally calmed down, she lifted off my face, and looking down start to laugh, "I'm sorry, I've never done that before; you're face is all wet." Then she began to lick my face. This was a whole different side of the woman that everyone in the office thought was a sophisticated and proper southern belle. No, this woman was a sexual animal.

She changed pillows, and turned on her back saying, come on, it's time for the main event. I climbed between her legs and maybe out of anger or maybe just out of lust I shoved my cock all the way into her pussy in one fluid motion." Holy shit" she cried and started lifting her ass up off the bed as if trying to throw me off. I just held on and began pumping in and out of her as fast and hard as I could. Man, I don't think I ever fucked someone with such intensity. Soon we were both panting and moaning, she began a series of orgasms which seemed to come one right after another. Her pussy was clenching tightly around my cock. We kept this up for about twenty minutes until I could hold off no longer. I came with a roar, which set her off on one last gut wrenching orgasm. I held myself above her, feeling her pussy's rhythmic movement around my cock milking out the last of my cum. Her eyes had rolled up to the back of her head, she was completely out. I pulled out with a soft pop, my cum dripping out of her and down to the bed. I went to the bath, and returned with a warm wash cloth and proceeded to wipe first her face, then her pussy until I had her fairly clean. She began to come to just as I was finishing up. With a smile on her face, she whispered, "I have never, ever felt anything like that before. If you never talk to me again, leave the company and hate me forever, it would have been worth it." "I don't hate you. I feel a little sorry for you, but a whole lot sorrier for your husband. He doesn't know what he's missing." She looked me in the eye and said "I won't tell anyone at the company about your past. There will be no strings attached, but I can't help myself, I will need this once in a while." We both would. So, we laid there in the bed together working out the logistics of how we were going to continue our affair. We agreed that it couldn't be a scheduled meeting, that it would have to be when it was mutually agreeable to each other, and could not be at her place. We never could be sure if her husband would stay in Sacramento or come home early. My place was pretty safe as long as we left the office at different times and that she never spent the night. We both knew this was not about love, it was just sex; pure animalistic, totally fulfilling, sex.

Not wanting to start again, I slipped out of bed, got dressed, kissed her on the cheek and returned to my room. I passed out on the bed and didn't get up until my prearranged wakeup call threw me out of bed. I took a long hot shower, got dressed and went down for breakfast. As I entered the dining room, I spotted Karen, dressed as always, looking totally professional. When she saw me walking across the room to join her, she gave me her best and warmest smile. She looked like newly married bride.

Our arrangement continued for about two and a half years. Then one night during one of my sales trips to northern California, which she just happen to arrange to be in the same area for a meeting with an old friend, the hotel room door suddenly opened. We were still in bed, but had satisfied our lust for each other. A large man walked into the room, followed by an older looking gentleman. "My husband" she screamed, and began to cry. She jumped out of bed grabbed her clothes and headed for the bathroom. "Get dress dear, he said calmly, and go down to the bar with Henry and have a drink to settle your nerves. I want to have a talk with John, alone." "Don't hurt him, Robert, it's not his fault; I'm to blame."" Honey, I'm not mad, just do what I say and I'll be down in a few minutes." She got dressed in record time and left the room with Henry. In the mean time, I had tried to get up and get dressed, but Robert had insisted that I remain in the bed for my own good. With Henry, looming behind him, I felt that was my only option. When they left, Robert, moved the desk chair over to the foot of the bed and sat.

"I want to thank you for everything you've done for Karen. You have made her happy again; and for that I am very grateful. However, your affair is over. I am going to announce in the next couple weeks that I am going to be running for Governor of California. When I do, there is going to be a lot of reporters and private investigators running around trying to dig up dirt on me. I can't very well have my wife getting serviced by a former porn star, now can I." I didn't say a word."Like I said I'm grateful, so therefore, you're not going to end up out in the desert somewhere. You will, however have to leave the state, never to return. One of my fraternity brothers just happens to be the president of the company you work for. I have made arrangements for you to be promoted and reassigned to Bentonville, Arkansas. I suggest that you accept the promotion and the reassignment. It's the only offer you're going to get. Karen will let you know the details when you met her back at the office. She's going to make a great First Lady of the State of California. Now, you can get dressed and head back to your room. Remember what I said; if I find out that you're back in the state for any reason you have my word that you will disappear forever." That effectively ended my life in California. I learned that I had two weeks to settle my affairs here. The company was going to buy my condo and sell it, they would arrange for a moving company to pack my possessions, and move them to a new condo in Bentonville; the condo formally owned by the person I was replacing. I used the last days here in California, to visit Vicky in LA. I told her that I was promoted and that I would be relocating. When I gave her the address, she looked up at me with an inquisitive look on her face, but sensed that I didn't want to talk about. She introduced me to her husband as a very dear friend of the family and a client of hers. He seemed like a nice enough kind of a guy. She had been right about him, he never would have accepted her former way of life. She seemed very happy indeed. When I left that night, I knew in my heart that everything between us had happen for a reason and had ended well.

I also went to see Ed and Katherine Brady. They were both healthy and very happy to see me. The kids had both moved out of state and were doing well. Sean had gone to Stanford after high school on an athletic scholarship. Had done well, but that's as far as his football career was going to go. Edel had married and had two kids of her own. I told them the same thing I had told Vicky, I gave them my address and asked Ed to make arrangements to end the trust and forward the paperwork to me for signature. They never knew what I had done during college and I saw no good reason to tell them now. We said our goodbyes and I closed out another chapter of my life.

Now it was on to Arkansas.
Chapter 7
Home | Top | Submissive Romantic's Page |   Feedback to author



 
Home | Submissive Romantic's Page « How Did I Get Here? Index « Previous
Chapter 7: Life's a Bitch and Then You're Exiled to Arkansas
Posted: May 02, 2012 - 09:04:45 pm

The move to Arkansas went smoothly. The new condo was bigger than my old one. I worked out a favorable purchase price with the company and a local bank was more than happy to finance the deal. I used the money that I made on the deal to buy a new car. All in all things were ok. My job, however sucked. The account, the largest customer that our company had, was serviced by a team of account reps, each of whom had to deal with several buyers and other personnel, each of whom had an attitude problem. You had to do everything that they wanted, when they wanted it, and how they wanted it done. I spent a lot of late nights and early mornings in meetings. But the worst thing was the weather. I'm a Southern California dude, sun and fun and all that. Here it was the beginning of November, the weather was cold and rainy and I was miserable. Because of the weather, I couldn't stand running outside. So I joined a local gym. The sign said Kris's Gym. It was a mile from my house. They offered a full assortment of treadmills, steppers, and had a weight room, and even a room for boxing, with a couple of heavy and speed bags. The locker room was first rate and the showers were clean, they even had a whirlpool. I would go over there, after my last meeting of the day and work out my frustrations. I would run on the treadmill for a couple of miles to loosen up, then on alternate days I would either work out in the weight room or head for the boxing room and pound the heavy bag until I was exhausted.

After one full day of ass kissing meetings, with totally obnoxious buyers, I really couldn't drive fast enough over to the gym. I drove too fast through the parking lot and almost clipped two ladies walking. I parked the car, opened the trunk, grabbed my stuff and headed in, not even acknowledging their presence at the front desk. After changing, I went out to the cardio section of the main room. I was totally focused on my horrible day, I bumped into another lady and just kept working until I got on the trend mill and programmed in my workout. About a third of the way through, I began to unwind. That's was when Kris, walked up in front of me; "Jack, don't tire yourself out too much, I want you to meet me in the boxing room in twenty minutes." I ran for about ten more minutes, then did a ten minute cool down. "I wonder what this is all about" I grabbed my towel, and headed over to the boxing room. The club was already beginning to empty out for the evening. I entered the room and looked around. There was Kris standing with her back to me inside the ring, her hands grabbing the top rope as she did limbering stretches in the far corner. She had shed her usual sweats and was dressed in a tank top and shorts. Her legs looked long and well muscled. Her shoulders were wide and her back tapered down in a v shape to a slim waist." Kris, you wanted to see me?" "Jack, I think it's time you had an attitude adjustment. You've been coming in here making a pain in the ass of yourself especially in the last couple weeks. The other members are beginning to complain to me about you. I know where you work; probably a third of the folks around here either work directly for or in support of that company: so I've had experience with what you're going through. Now, before you go over to the heavy bag and try to pound it into submission. I thought you might like to come in here and spar a few rounds with me. I warn you, however, unlike that bag over there, I do hit back." With that she turned around. With her hands on her hips, legs slightly apart, she looked like something out of Grey's Anatomy, the illustrated muscle page. It's not that she was massively over developed like a body builder on steroids, it was that every muscle group seemed to be well defined; there was very little fat on her body, and where it was, was covered by her top. She had brown hair, tied back in an elastic. She was not a beauty in the classic sense, her face was almost masculine in appearance; she could be better described as handsome. She was very pleasing to the eye; also, extremely intimidating. Against my better judgment I climbed between the ropes and into the ring. "Good, she said, your wraps and gloves are in the corner, along with a mouth piece. I'll set the timer for two minute rounds with one minute between rounds." With that she set the timer, put on her wraps and gloves and inserted her mouth piece. We stood bouncing from side to side waiting for the next bell to signal the start of the round.

Round one was a feeling out round. At five foot eight and about one hundred forty pounds of pure muscle, she was an opposing sight. I would have to stay away from her, jab and get out without getting hit. Anyway that was my plan. It had been almost fifteen years since I had boxed with anyone and I needed some time to get back my timing and footwork. She seemed to sense this and threw only the occasional jab, just to let me know she could. The rounded ended and we went back to our respective corner. We each stood, with our back to the posts and our arms over the ropes waiting for the bell. She was magnificent. Snap out of it boy, I thought, she's also deadly.

Round 2 started the same way as before. Then Kris began to pick up the pace a little. I felt good, although I hadn't really landed any significant shots, I had been able to block most of hers with my gloves and arms or had been able to slip or duck out of harm's way. Near the end of the round, I got hit with two quick jabs and a right cross which sent me staggering sideways into the ropes. She seemed to take it easy for the remainder of the round and when the bell sounded my head was clear. When I got back to the corner, I grabbed a mouthful of water. I thought" you were getting over confident last round be careful." Round 3 began with Kris coming out quickly. She began throwing more combinations, which were beginning to wear down my defenses. I did, however, land a couple of hard jabs and a right to her stomach. It appeared to have no effect on her, her abs absorbed the impact. After that she began to hit me with jabs to the head and hooks to my sides. I was hurt several times from her wicked hooks to the body. I realized that she had been just toying with me the first couple of rounds, that if she had wanted to she could have ended it in the first. The thought of total dominance over me, combined with her continuing pummeling of my head and body was having another effect on me. I was getting aroused. I could feel my cock growing hard in my shorts. I lost my concentration at that point and got hit with a left hook that had me seeing stars. I was really hurt, my legs suddenly went rubbery, and I had to grab hold of her to keep from falling down. I'm sure she could feel my erection as I hung on her shoulders rubbing my body against hers. The bell saved me. She turned and walked back to her corner, while I staggered back to mine. I should have quit right then and there. I was way out of my league, but my male pride would not let me quit: I was not getting beat by this woman.

Round 4 was going to be the last, we both knew it, even though I couldn't admit it to myself. She didn't even put in her mouth piece. She calmly walked to the center of the ring and began to throw light jabs to my face, hitting me at will. She blocked my feeble attempts at offense and began to speak. "Let's go over some of my rules. Number one; Kris is always right." I never saw the left and right hooks to my head. My head turned from side to side and my vision blurred. "Number two; always be considerate of others."Whack; thud, two more shots this time to my sides." Rule number three; take good care of the equipment." A left to the head and a right to my side almost put me on the canvass. "Rule four; clean up after your workout." Two more hooks to the body. I think she had five other rules but I never really understood any of them I was out on my feet just fighting on instinct at that point. "Finally, rule number 10; when in doubt, refer to rule number one." With that, I saw her right shoulder muscles tense, her body twist a little, and her right hand come straight at my head, but my arms would not respond. I felt the impact the left side of my jaw, and everything went black.

It must have been the cold water of the shower that brought me back to the present. I looked around the shower room, and realizing where I was, I turned and shut off the shower. I grabbed my towel, dried off and headed back to my locker. When I got there I saw a note from Kris taped to the door. "When you finish here, come up to my apartment, the staircase is behind the front desk. I have something I think you'll want to see." I know what'd I want to see, but the invitation had me curious. I got dressed and walked out of the locker room. The gym looked deserted, only the lights over the front desk were still on. I found the stair case that lead up to her apartment. It was a straight staircase of about twenty five steps. I realized that there must be a second floor to this building. The apartment was situated over the gym, which had fifteen foot ceilings; thus the length of the staircase. I reached the top of the stairs. I found myself on a small landing; the door to the apartment was open. I walked into the foyer, knocked on the door and called out 'Kris."" Hi Jack, I'm glad you decided to come;" I heard from a room to my right."There's beer in the fridge or if you prefer, I have wine and an extra glass here." I skipped the beer and headed to the right. The hall way ended at the entrance to a large living area. Kris was sitting on a sofa, with her legs stretched out, her feet on the coffee table. She looked stunning, dressed in a short white robe, her legs and feet bare. I took the glass she handed me and poured myself a glass of a wine, a fine California chardonnay. I sat down on the opposite side of the sofa and waited for her to begin.

"First of all, I'm sorry about before, sometimes I get a little carried away in the ring. How are you feeling? "I'll live," I offered. "Well, I am sorry. If you want, I will refund your membership fee and I hope we can part as friends."" No, that won't be necessary, I said. I deserved what I received, I've been acting like an ass lately; taking out my problems on your members and your equipment. It won't happen again."" Good, she said, I hate to lose good members. I'm glad that's settled. Now for the reason I asked you up here." With that she grabbed a remote control from the end table beside her and turned on the TV and the VCR across the room. I dreaded what I thought we were about to see. I was all set to see one of my videos come on, instead after a few moments; a scene from inside a gym filled the screen. It appeared to be an amateur movie possibly made on an old Kodak movie camera that had been transferred to video tape in order to preserve it. It was the beginning of a boxing match, the boy in the fore ground was bouncing up and down, shifting his weight from one foot to the other. His opponent was hidden by the back of his corner man, who appeared to be giving him last minute instructions. The ref walked to the center off the ring and called the fighters to join him. The corner man stood up and turned. We got our first look at the other fighter. I recognized my father first, then saw that the other fighter was me. I turned to Kris and started to speak, "How... ?""Shhh." I'll explain later." There I was, aged thirteen, looking like a midget compared to my father and the ref. The other fighter, my opponent looked to be about a head taller than me.

Of course I already knew the outcome, but I just couldn't stop watching. I could feel each shot that I got hit with and felt the frustration of not being able to land some of my own. When the fourth round began, I just stared at the screen. It was like a train wreck, you see the trains coming together, you know what's going to happen, but you can't look away. I watched as I hit him with a straight right in the chest. I saw him move to the side appearing to be hurt. Then as I came in to follow up on my temporary advantage I watched in fascination as he appeared to almost wind up and throw an over hand right. The punch landed solidly on the left side of my face, my legs seemed to continue out from under my body and I collapsed to the floor. I laid there on my back, not moving a muscle as the ref removed my mouth piece and my Dad rushed into the ring. My opponent jumped for joy into the arms of the guy in his corner, then got down and walked over to me. Looking down over the doctor's shoulder, he had a worried expression on his face. Suddenly a thought popped into my head, I experienced an epiphany. "Oh my god, it was you!" With that, she picked up the remote and shut the TV. "Yes, it was me. Let me explain. My mom died when I was five, and I was raised by my dad and my uncle, he was the camera man. My dad had wanted a son and I tried to be that son. I played baseball, basketball, and did things with him that any son would love to do with their Dad. He had been a Golden Gloves champ when he was young and had a successful career as an amateur. He never really gave it up and used to train after supper as a way to keep fit and calm down from a hectic day at work. I started training with him, and soon, found I had a natural ability for the sport. I loved it, but when my dad tried to get me into a local tournament, the officials running looked at my name Christine and refused to let me fight with the boys. The next time he saw an amateur tournament advertised, he told me to change my name to Chris and to act like a boy. That wasn't too difficult for me; I had been raised like one. I entered the event and won my first two matches on points. I was faster than my opponents and just as big as they were. Then in the afternoon I faced you in the ring. My dad told me just to continue doing what I had done before. I knew I was well ahead when we got to that final round. My instructions were to just stay away and I had the fight won. Then you hit me right in the breast. It hurt like hell, even with the extra support I wore under my shirt. In my mind you did it on purpose, that somehow you knew I was a girl. I saw red, I wanted to kill you. As you walked in, I saw an opening, and threw an overhand right with all my might. I was shocked when it connected and down you went. I was thrilled, until I realized that you weren't moving. In my inexperienced mind I really thought I had killed you. I was scared and started to cry. My dad tried to hold me back: that's when I saw you open your eyes and look up at me. He pulled me away at that point, the ref raised my hand in victory and I got out of the ring." "I wondered why you were crying, I was the one that had gotten the crap kicked out of me. Man it's a good thing I never knew you were a girl, I laughed, I don't think my male ego could have handled that back then." I poured another glass of wine for each of us and settled back on the sofa. I was really falling for this woman. She was truly fascinating.

"So, she asked, what's happened in your life since then?" Not wanting to turn her off to me and not being extremely proud of some of my choices in life, I gave her the bare minimum of facts. That I had, after high school, I had gone to UCLA, graduated with a degree in business, had worked in sales in California, until I was promoted to my present position as a senior account representative.

"So, I said, enough about me I'm really interested to hear about you!" "All right, let me just say one more thing about that day. I was so upset, that I between fights I spent much of the time in the bathroom. As I was coming out to rejoin my dad I bumped into a woman, who I later found out was one of the event officials. She recognized me and after a brief meeting with me and my father I was asked to forfeit the final bout. I left the gym in tears and vowed never to fight again. After high school, I went to Berkley. I majored in physical education. I wanted to become a physical education teacher. I lost my father to cancer during my senior year. My girl friends talked me into going to Los Vegas for spring break to try to get me out of the funk I was in. On the second day there, we were lounging by the pool when a guy came around with a flyer advertising an underground fight club on the outskirts of town. Tonight was lady's fight night, it said, and offered one thousand dollars to any woman who could last three rounds with one of the club's female fighters. I'm not really sure why I did it but I convinced my girl friends to come with me to the club that night. They thought I was nuts and would ruin the rest of my vacation. In school, I was a real jock, I worked out all the time. I did a lot of weight lifting and had taken karate for several months. That night I climbed into the ring with a woman who was about five years older than me, but I was bigger and stronger than her. After a round of trying to keep from getting hit and throwing a variety of punches, I began to get back my boxing skills. By the end of the third round I had her set up for a knock out. With a right upper cut, I put her down for the count. I collected my prize from the manager of the club, who gave me his card and told me that I would have a job waiting for me any time I wanted after graduation." "I was bitten by the boxing bug again. I wanted to prove to everyone that I had what it took to make it so I put off going into teaching and went back to Vegas to start my career, even if it was only as a club fighter. Soon, I had fought every one of the club's female fighters and had beaten every one of them regardless of weight class. I was the featured fighter on the ladies nights. I had a big following. Soon however, it became harder and harder to find any females to fight. Nicky, the manager, started setting me up with lighter weight male fighters. I really enjoyed that, I was getting even for those days when I was thirteen and no one would let me fight because they were scared that I would get hurt. I wasn't the one who was getting hurt now. Soon Nicky started a second special night, this one was for amateur men who wanted to test their skills against a woman, me. I was restricted to fighting men who outweighed me by a maximum of thirty pounds and could decline to fight anyone who appeared to be too skilled; an experienced amateur, for example.

One night, we interviewed this guy who had been talked into fighting by his buddies. He was a gym owner from Arkansas, who had no fight experience but I could tell the guy was extremely fit and probably was just around the maximum weight. I agreed to the fight. When we climbed into the ring, I could tell this was the last place he wanted to be. He removed his robe, and I fell in love. This guy was not just good looking, he was an Adonis. The fight started and I threw a couple of jabs to his face, which scored easily. I could tell he had never been hit like that before. I didn't want to finish him off too quickly, that's not what the paying guests want. They are after blood and knockouts; but they want to see a lot of action first. I took it easy on him for the next three rounds, hooking to his arms and shoulders; occasionally to his midsection, which I knew could take a lot of abuse before it failed.

Finally, in the fifth round I hit him with a couple of left hooks to the head, which knocked him down. He got up, slowly, took an eight count, and resumed the fight. A good ref in other circumstances would have stopped the fight right then and there. It was obvious that he could not defend himself against me and had no chance of winning. I moved him into a corner and threw a couple of body shots. I had him draped over my shoulder up against the ropes. It looked like he was trying to tie me up, but in reality I was holding him up. I whispered in his ear."When the ref breaks us up, I'll step back to the center of the ring, the next time I hit you in the gut go down and don't get up. If you do, I'll put you out for good." I let the ref separate us and he did exactly as I told him. I threw a left jab to his right eye just to give him a reminder of the fight, and then hit him with a left hook to those beautiful abs. He crumbled to the mat at my feet and was counted out. When he got up the ref took us to the center of the ring and raised my hand in victory. He turned to me and hugged me saying "thanks I know you took it easy on me." The next night, I was in my dressing room after knocking out some loud mouth punk who thought he could box; I was interrupted by knock on my door. I had just finished dressing, so I opened the door. There was Mr. Adonis, black eye and all, holding a bouquet of red roses. I accepted the flowers and after thanking me once again for going easy on him, he asked me out to dinner. I wasn't seeing anybody lately, it seemed that guys don't like it when their girl friend can kick the shit out of them when they get out of line. So I accepted. He was charming and a smooth talker. He told me that he owned a gym in Bentonville, Arkansas. That he was single, that he had come out to Las Vegas with a couple of friends from school, they found out about the club and after seeing my picture in the lobby they talked him into the fight. No girl, they said, could beat a guy that was in as good shape as he was. He found out it takes a lot more than a great body to fight. I took him back to my place where we screwed each other half to death, god he was good. I didn't let him out of my sight until the day he had to leave. He promised me that he would come back to Las Vegas as soon as he could.

He called and wrote frequently. He told me the gym was going ok but needed something to get to the next level. Six months from that first meeting, he returned to Vegas. He surprised me at the club. That night, I fought some guy who was a lot bigger than me and knew how to fight. I took a pretty good beating that night. I won, but I had to wear sunglasses to cover the black eyes that he gave me and my body felt like I had be run over by a truck. We went out to dinner that night and he offered me a fifty/fifty partnership in his gym if I would come back to Arkansas with him. I told him I'd have to think about it. Looking at myself naked in my full length mirror I knew the answer. It was time to get out of club fighting before I got really hurt. I told him, yes, I would move to Arkansas, and that I had some ideas about how to grow his business and improve the gym. I told him that I had to give notice here and tie up some loose ends and that I would meet him in Arkansas in a couple of weeks.

I called him when I made it to Little Rock, Arkansas. He gave me detailed directions to the gym. When I got there, he took me upstairs relax. He had a small apartment over the gym: I could shower and change, then come down and he would give me a tour of the gym. It was a typical old style gym, geared to body builders and boxers. Some guy even had the nerve to make a pass at me when his back was turned. I knew then, why the gym was not growing, this place was a turn off to half the guys who came there just to work out to get in better shape, and all of the women who probably stopped at the front and ran for fear of getting molested. I stayed with him that night and after some great sex, I told him about my plans to improve the place. At first, I think he was horrified at the prospect of losing his "man cave", however when I explained that he could probably double the size of the membership in six months if we incorporated even half of my ideas, he jumped on board. I saw so much potential in the place that I invested my life's savings into the company for my 50% share. I saw so much potential in him that I said yes when he asked me to marry him.

We shut down for about a month, renovated the entire gym, painted and install new lighting. We decided to section off the boxing ring and the weights into their own smaller rooms and set up a large aerobic area, with trend mills, steppers, and elliptical machines in the main room along with a complete nautilus circuit. We then advertised in all the local papers, put flyers on all the cars in the parking lots of all the companies around us. That the new and improved Kris's Gym was the finest co-ed facility around for a complete workout experience. In order to accomplish our goals we had to remortgage the facility, the bankers were encouraged by our business plan, but insisted that we take out life insurance with the bank as the beneficiary on each of lives until we had paid down a substantially portion of the debt. Our first year of marriage was a blur of activity. The gym was a huge hit, even surpassing my wildest dreams. We lived above the gym so it was easy to split the work day. I would open up at 5:30 in the morning, make sure the gym was ready for the day, one of the staff would get in at seven to help with the morning rush. It would be the two of us during the day until Kris would come down at 3:00. I would help out until four, when the night staff came in. They would handle the after work and evening crowds then Kris would close up at eleven.

Everything was going so well, that we decided to buy a house outside of town. It was in an area that was building up rapidly with large homes; it was going to be the upscale place to live for years to come. It was also almost half way between Bentonville and the next town over which was where we were thinking of setting up our second gym. We had glorious plans for the future. We moved into the new house and hired a couple of additional personnel in order to give ourselves a little time off. About six months later, I had opened the gym as always, and had worked the day shift. When Kris came in, I hung around, helped out a little and then drove home. I got home and decided it would be nice to have dinner with Kris, so I made his favorite, lasagna; and, wanting to surprise him, headed back to the gym without calling. I got there about six thirty, when I walked in and asked for him at the front desk, Tommy one of the night staff looked very uneasy. I asked him where Kris was, and then looked around, I didn't see the new girl he had hired a couple of weeks ago. Shirley was a big titted, small brained twenty year old from one of the trailer parks on the other side of town. She attracted the attention of all the guys at the club and raised the ire of all the females.

I looked Tommy straight in the eye and asked, "Are they upstairs?" He just nodded his head, I think he was anticipating me taking it out on him. "Don't you touch that phone, if I find out that you warned them, I'm coming down here and I coming down here angry." Do you understand? Now I think he had to go change his shorts. I opened the door and climbed the stairs. When I got to the top of the stairs, I opened the door quietly and heard the slapping of skin and the moaning of passion. "You bastard" was all I said as I entered our former bedroom. There she was on her hands and knees, naked on the bed, her tits swaying back and forth from the pounding that my equally naked husband was giving her from behind. She screamed and rolled off the side of the bed, while Kris yelled" ah shit," and looked around for his clothes. "Is this all our marriage means to you, that you'd risk it all for a fling with some big titted bimbo?""Now wait just a minute...""Shut up, I'll deal with you later." I turned back to Kris, he was getting his pants on."At least when I'm with her she feels like a woman, not some muscle bound freak." I lost it at that point, I hit him with five left jabs in a row, forcing him back against the wall. Then I went to work on his body, throwing upper cuts with both hands, preventing him from sliding down the wall. I return my attack to his head hitting him with lefts and rights until I heard screaming from the bimbo. "Stop, you're going to kill him" That brought me out of my rage and I let him sink to the floor, out cold.

I walked over to where she was cowering in the corner, "you want him, you can have him" was all I said and walked back down stairs. As I passed the walked around the front desk Tommie was eying me warily." Enjoy the lasagna, I'm afraid Kris won't be able to eat any solid foods for a while." I drove home, tears in my eyes, trying to decide what to do next. Kris was no dummy; he spent the rest of the week at the club. I arranged for him to pick up some clothes and pack what he wanted. I called an attorney. She was very ruthless, and sat with me explaining how she was going to milk him for every penny. I almost pitied him as I drove back to the house that night. Almost.

Two nights later, I was awoken by the sound of the front doorbell. I threw on a robe and came down the stairs. Looking out the side window I saw the blinking lights of a police car and the silhouette of a trooper on my front porch." Mrs. Schmidt" "Yes" I said, what's happened? Can you please get dressed and come with me, there's been a shooting at the gym." "Oh, no, I cried, is he hurt?"" Please get dressed and come with me." I ran upstairs, threw on an old t shirt and a pair of jeans and ran back down stairs. I slipped my shoes on as I ran out the door. The ride in the squad car was silent. When we got to the gym there were half a dozen units around with light flashing, three ambulances and a TV crew. We walked up to the officer in charge. "I'm sorry we have to ask you to do this but we need you to make positive identification of the bodies." I almost collapsed at that point, if it wasn't for the trooper who was holding my arm I might have. I walked over to the first body along with the officer. The medical technician pulled back the sheet. It was Kris. Shot in the chest. His shirt soaked with blood. " That's my husband Kris Schmidt, I said barely audible." We walked a few yards deeper into the parking lot. There was another body. That's his girl friend, Shirley Johnson. The officer nodded and taking my hand led me to a weather beaten pickup truck. I could see there was a body leaning against the driver's side window which was covered with blood." I don't know that person." I turned and ran over to the grass and up came what was left of my dinner.

The officer helped me back to his patrol car handed me a bottle of water and told me to rest while he talked to the medical examiner. When he came back, he said, unofficially of course, it appeared that the guy in the truck had come to the gym, waited for Kris and Shirley to come out, he shot Kris once in the chest, then turned to Shirley who was running for her life and shot her in the back twice; then returned to his truck where he put the gun in his mouth and fired. It was a case of double murder and suicide.

I was driven back home and told that someone from the Sheriff's office would be over with a statement for me to sign. The next day, that's exactly what happened, I read and signed the statement. As the detective was leaving he said, "I thought you might like to know, we identified the shooter, he was the former boy friend who Shirley dumped to go after your husband. Between you and me, they all got what they deserved." Funny how quickly news travels in a small town. My lawyer called me shortly after 1:00 saying that she would drop the divorce proceedings; and then asked if we had a will and if I wanted her to probate it for me. We did have a will, and I felt that she would be as good as anyone.

The funeral arrangements were made and after a large wake, Kris grew up around here, we had a simple burial and that was it. After a couple of days I called the staff in for an early morning meeting. I announced that I wanted to reopen the gym and we worked out a new work schedule. I promoted Tommy to be the night supervisor which required him to close up. I always did like the mornings better than the evenings. One day about a week later, I got a call from my attorney, telling me that the will was probated and that everything that Kris owned was now mine. I thanked her for her hard work and hung up the phone. It rang again about ten minutes later. It was our banker asking me if it was possible for me to come to the bank to sign some papers. We arranged for a meeting in a couple of days. I made arrangements for one of the night shift to come in early, and had my meeting with the banker.

He had our business and personal files in front of him. "First the personal situation; do you remember when you bought the house? I told you that because of the lack of a significant down payment that you would have to pay for mortgage insurance. Well, if you will give me two of the copies of the death certificate I asked you to bring I can get the paperwork started to have the insurance policy on your husband pay off the mortgage. The house will be mortgage free when the proceeds are received by the bank." I was in a state of shock, I had completely forgotten about the policies.

"Now let's talk about the business, you have a large mortgage with the bank, which if you remember the bank required that you take out large term policies on each other with the bank as beneficiary so that in case of either of your deaths, the bank loan would be satisfied. I will, with the other death certificate, file the claim on your behalf. The proceeds of the policy will be more than enough to pay off the loan. Therefore, after everything is all finalized, both the business and the house will be yours debt free." "I left the bank a wealthy woman." "That was a little over a year ago. I decided to simplify my life as much as possible. I had an architect look over the plans for the space above the gym. He was able to increase the living area by about a thousand square feet by utilizing some unused storage space and laid out the rooms into a more efficient floor plan. I sold the house, used the money to renovate the apartment and make it my own. Everything is now running smoothly, but my life is still missing something." She paused for a few minutes, as if she were having a debate in her head over something; then she seemed to come to a decision.

"Jack, I'm offering you a chance to be my partner in this business. I know we've only known each other for a short time, but I feel like you and I see things in the same way. We both love physical exercise and enjoy helping others to get fit. I also sense that you are the kind of guy that can work for a strong woman and not let your male ego get in the way of that relationship. So, I'm offering you a 49% share of this business. We'll work out the details later as to payments, work schedules, compensation, etc.

She changed position on the sofa. As she did her robe parted and fell away from her legs, revealing her long muscular legs clear up to the top of her thighs. That was one of the most sexual views I've ever had of a woman. From her bare feet, up those incredible legs, to her white robe, which gave the impression that she had very little if anything on underneath, to her smiling face and her slightly wet hair; she was an unbelievably sensual woman. That former husband must have been out of his mind.

I wanted to be close to this woman in any way I could; so I agreed to become her partner if we could agree on the details. "Wonderful," she said reaching for the nearly empty bottle. She split the remainder of the wine between our glasses and, standing, she proposed a toast to our partnership. We touched glasses and downed the contents.

"Now, there's one more item we have to discuss. I need a mate," She blurted out." I need a man who will not be resentful of deferring to a strong willed, independent minded, woman; one that has to be in control of almost everything in her life. A man who can live with the fact that his woman is stronger than he is, can dominate him physically, and if pushed too hard can do him great bodily harm. But also, a man who can accept the total love and protection of that woman and not feel that he is any less of a man." "Jack, I'm asking you; do you think you could be that man?" My mind was reeling. This was more than I could ever have dreamed possible. "Nothing would make me happier than to be given the chance to try." She leaned down and kissed me tenderly on the lips saying, "I already know that you have the equipment capable of making me happy, but do you know how to use it?" I looked up at her with a puzzled look on my face. "After all, I've already felt it in the ring, and well, I had to check to make sure you were alright when you were in the shower," she said grabbing my hand and we headed for her bedroom. We made love all night, it was incredible. Sometime during the night I told her what I did as a part time job in college. She laughed and said simply "it shows." The next morning she went downstairs to open the gym as usual. When the morning staff arrived, she called a meeting. I think we shocked them when I walked up with her, with a black eye, and first apologized to anyone that I had offended during my membership and then, when she told them that I was her new partner and their boss you could hear a pin drop.

We had the same meeting with the evening crew. Kris also introduced me to several of the other members who had complained about my behavior. I offered my sincere apologies to them all and promised to always be on my best behavior. I think my appearance also served as a not so subtle warning that you better mind your manners in the gym or you too would have to go through an attitude adjustment.
Epilogue Fifteen
Home | Top | Submissive Romantic's Page |   Feedback to author



 
Home | Submissive Romantic's Page « How Did I Get Here? Index « Previous
Epilogue: Fifteen Years Later
Posted: May 02, 2012 - 09:04:45 pm

I opened my eyes and found myself still holding her. We were spooned together just as I remembered from last night. I moved back slightly and gazed down her naked back. She was still a powerful, extremely fit woman. I wondered how any man could be so lucky as to find a woman like her. She was a combination of the three most important loves of my life. She possessed the strength of Erika the Great, the intelligence and strength of character of Victoria, and she was every bit as sexually insatiable as Karen. I have been truly blessed. My cock was wedged down in between her butt cheeks. As I looked over her body, remembering the previous night's love making, I began to become aroused. No, I thought to myself, this is her morning to sleep in, it's only six o'clock. I carefully slipped my arm out from under her pillow and as gently as possible, got out of bed. I found my shorts on the floor where she had thrown them. I left the room closing the door behind me. As I walked down the hall on my way to the kitchen, I glanced into first, our son's room and then our daughter's; both were empty. I wasn't too concerned, they both were into early morning workouts so I assumed they were somewhere in the gym. I made myself a cup of coffee and headed to our office to catch up on some paperwork before going down to open the gym. Today was Sunday, the gym didn't open until ten in order to give the staff time to attend services if they choose to. We always went on Saturday night. I switched on the large flat screen monitor, which was connected to the security system. I was looking at nine views taken from the various cameras mounted throughout the gym and the view of the parking lot. I found the kids in the boxing room. They were inside the ring each dressed in shorts and a tank top. Matt, the eldest, was fourteen years old, tall and thin, he had a runner's body. He loved to run, we would run into the countryside some evenings before supper, and run for miles. He never seemed to tire. Kristin had just turned thirteen; she was a couple of inches shorter than Matt, but where Matt was a runner, she, on the other hand, spent her time on the nautilus machines and in the weight room. Her hard work was really beginning to pay dividends. Her body looked like a smaller version of her mother; she was already packing some serious muscles on her arms and shoulders.

Curious, I turned on the microphones placed in the room in order to find out what was going on. My son was talking;"I don't really think this is a good idea, suppose you get hurt: what would mom and dad say?"" Mom already knows about this and said it was ok as long as we both promised that whatever happened we would always love each other. After all we are brother and sister." "Of course I'll always love you." "Then it's agreed, we'll box four two minute rounds with a minute rest in between each round. The loser has to grant the winner one favor." "How are we going to determine who is the winner?" "Either when the other fighter quits or can no longer continue or gets knocked out" "Ok, sounds fair to me" replied my son.

She set the timer, and they each returned to their corner to put on their wraps and gloves and put in a mouth piece. I studied each of them as they warmed up. Matt looked slow, awkward, and unsure of himself; Kristin, on the other hand, looked confident, experienced and deadly. Matt had no idea what was about to happen. As the bell sounded for round one, they each came to the center of the ring touched gloves and began to circle one another cautiously. Matt threw a couple of jabs which Kristin blocked easily with her gloves. She seemed to be biding her time waiting for an opening. I think Matt mistook her patience for fear because he seemed to loosen up and started to throw more punches without regard for her response. After a jab which she easily avoided, she let loose with a right hook to his body. With a look of pain on his face, he backed away quickly. Fear replacing confidence. For the rest of the round she stalked him. It was almost comical, look at the little boy run from the big bad girl. The bell saved him and they retreated to their corners.

I said out loud, "I've got to get down there and stop this before she kills him." A strong hand gripped my shoulder and I heard the voice of my wife say, "sit down and relax, I told her not to hurt him too badly." "You knew about this?" "Yes, I've been working with her for about six months; she's been planning this for a long time.""What, is she seeking revenge for something he did to her?" "No, just the opposite, she adores him and wants him to be her first" I looked up at her not truly comprehending what she just said.

"Because we home school the kids, their contact with others is somewhat limited. Her body is telling her that she's ready for a sex but she only has one person she can turn to; her brother. She loves him and if it were only up to her she would marry him right now. I convinced her that they would have to make a decision like that after they grew up and if they still wanted to be together, we would give them our blessings. But the first step is to convince him that she's the only girl for him; to get him to love her.""And how is her beating the crap out of him going to make him love her?" "It worked on you didn't it!" We smiled and turned back to the screen; Kristin had Matt up against the ropes, hitting him with lefts and rights to his body and his head. To his credit, he was still standing, still throwing punches which, however had little effect on the tigress in front of him. Her punches were having an effect on him that I didn't really anticipate; it was plain to see that his shorts were tented out, his body betraying the sexual effect that her dominance was having on him. Kristin must have noticed it as well, because she smiled and stepped back a couple of paces to allow him to come off the ropes. Then as he came in, his guard pitifully low, she uncorked a vicious right hook, which caught him flush on the jaw. His head turned to the right, hitting his shoulder, then the rest of his body just seem to follow. His legs gave way and he ended up on his back; out cold.

She wasted little time, she pulled off her gloves and wraps, took out her mouth piece and then she did the same for him. She stood over him, slipped off her shirt and shorts, and struck a double bicep pose with her foot on his chest, mugging it up for the invisible crowd.

I felt bad about looking at my daughter's body; but I couldn't help it. She was perfect; her small half an orange shaped breasts sat high on her chest; her nipples were centered on her mounds and appeared hard and fully extended. She had no hair around her pussy. She kneeled next to her brother and pulled his shirt over his head and his shorts over his feet. She sat back and gazed at the object of her desire. His cock appeared to be fully erect, at least as big as mine. She took it in her hand and began to slowly, almost reverently, move her hand up and down.

At that point, Matt began to regain consciousness. Still a little shaken up, he yelled, "What the hell do you think you're doing. Stop, we can't do this you're my sister.""This is the favor I want." With that she increased her tempo and soon brought him to a bone shaking climax; his cum shooting high into the air and landing on his chest and stomach. "Oh god sis, that was incredible." She looked him straight in the eye and said, "that was for starters, now it's time for the main event, with that she swung her leg over his hips and straddled him, reaching around behind her, she grabbed his still erect cock and... "Let's give them some privacy," Kris said, reaching over to the monitor to shut it down along with the speakers. She reached down into my shorts and grabbing my erect cock, led me back toward our bedroom. "I think we'll have plenty of time to resume where we left off last night." All I could do is try and keep up with her lest she pull my cock completely off.

Comments are welcomed - Be kind this is my first attempt at writing.
Your opinion is important:
Share with the others what you think about
"How Did I Get Here?"
     
Switch to Expanded voting form
The End
Posted: 2012-05-02
Home | Top | Submissive Romantic's Page |   Feedback to author
