I have just learned a valuable lesson. It has been, and continues to be, a very costly lesson. Let me tell you about it.

My name is Ashley. I am twenty-two, 5'6", 115, bright red hair, and as of just over a year ago, very married. I met my husband in college and we married as soon as I graduated last year. He graduated a year ahead of me and is already well on his way to being the next Donald Trump, except for the hair of course.

My husband, Jay, is an old fashioned kind of guy. He doesn't want his wife to work. He is in charge in the home. We are deeply religious and go to church every Sunday.

I am home all day and I guess I have entirely too much free time since we don't have any kids yet. There are just the two of us and a lot of nights Jay works until very late. So I spend a lot of time home alone. On those days when Jay doesn't come home until very late, the amount of housework required the next day is pretty much just rinse out the coffee pot!

Recently we bought a new computer from a local company that builds them to order. They have their own IP service and they offered us a great deal when we bought the computer, so we signed up with them.

I used a computer in college of course. But it was strictly for school work and email to friends and relatives. It wasn't until a few months ago, after we got the new computer and I was bored one day, that I discovered chat rooms.

At first I just went into rooms and did what they call lurking. I would observe the way people behaved and the things they said, the shorthand that they used. Gradually I started taking part in the conversations. That would have been fine. Except that I started going into chat rooms that a married woman, especially a newlywed, should not be going into. I started having conversations that were more and more erotic. I started saying things to complete strangers that I would never even say to my husband!

It was fun! It was exciting! A couple of times I tried what they call net sex. But I felt kind of silly. I preferred having long, sexually charged conversations. I went way beyond baring my soul to perfect strangers. I made terrible things up just to make it more exciting. I would tell guys that I had done things that I had never even heard of before I started visiting chat rooms.

That wasn't bad enough though. They kept asking for pictures. I had a digital camera and I put it on a tripod and took some innocent pictures. They were just clear enough that you could tell what a nice figure I have. You couldn't see my face and I always had all of my clothes on ... at first.

There were a couple of guys that I talked with regularly. I felt safe with them. They were smart and funny and sexy and on the other side of the country. I broke down and sent one of them a picture with my face in it. Later, I let the other guy talk me into sending him pictures of me in just a bra and panty, but my face wasn't visible. In some of them I was even touching myself.

In all of our chats I was telling these men things I made up, as if I had done them. They were raunchy things. I frequently described fantasies that were even worse. It was safe, I thought. They didn't know my name. They knew me only by my screen name, sexycindy1986. They didn't know where I lived. There was just no way that they could find me.

Everything was fine until two weeks ago, at one o'clock in the morning! The phone rang and woke me up. Luckily my husband is a light sleeper. He has such a problem with it that he wears ear plugs to bed. He never hears anything. I quickly grabbed the phone. My heart was in my throat. I thought surely that a loved one had been in an accident or something. Why else would our phone ring at one in the morning?

I said, "Hello?" quietly into the phone.

There was a brief pause and then a male voice said, "Hello sexycindy1986. That's such a mouthful, do you mind if I call you Ashley?"

I thought I was going to have a heart attack. I was certain that one of the two men I chatted with regularly had somehow figured out who I was and where I lived. I was about to find out that it was even worse than that.

"Who is this?" I asked, in a near panic.

There was an evil chuckle in my ear and the voice said, "Go check your email." Then he hung up.

I checked to make sure that Jay was still asleep and I slipped quietly out of bed. With my heart in my throat I hurried to the computer room. I turned on the computer and sat there waiting with my heart pounding so loud I couldn't hear the computer boot up.

When it was finally ready I checked my email and there was an email from "yourworstnightmare". I hesitated for the longest time. I was terrified, but finally I had to know what it said. I clicked on it and opened it and the first thing I saw was half a dozen pictures of me. My face was in them. And that was bad enough. But he had also included the shots of me in my underwear. He even had the sexy pictures that showed me touching myself over my bra and panty.

These were the pictures I had sent to my two chat room friends. But they were the pictures I had sent to both of them! I had sent them each different pictures!

It got worse. I scrolled down and came to the text of the email. There were excerpts from my chats with both men, some of the most awful things. The way I had said them it sounded like I was doing those terrible things. Things like having sex with lots of different men when my husband was at work. Going out in slutty clothes and picking up large numbers of strange men. I once claimed that I had also picked up women. In one conversation I even claimed to have had sex with the teenage boy that mowed our grass! I had gone out of my way to make these things sound believable and I had been very descriptive.

At the end of the email, "yourworstnightmare" said, "I have transcripts of every conversation you have had since you bought your computer. If you don't want your husband to see them then you had best come to 5711 Lawton Lane at nine in the morning. Goodnight, sleep well."

I read the email several times, trying desperately to figure out who might be behind it. Trying even more desperately to figure out how I could explain those things to my husband. He was a deeply religious and very straight laced man. He would never believe that these were all fantasies and lies told to excite both me and the men I was talking to. Even if he did believe it, he would find it unacceptable! I was going to be divorced either way. SHIT!!

I finally turned the computer off and went back to bed. Jay heard me coming back to bed and asked if everything was alright. I told him I had gone to the bathroom and he went right back to sleep. I lay awake for hours with a horrible dread running through me.

I got up with Jay in the morning and made breakfast as usual while he got ready for work. After he went to work I turned the computer on and read the email again. I was going crazy trying to find some way out of this. I couldn't imagine how someone local could have all of this information.

While I was sitting in front of the computer, more or less in a stupor, I received another email from "yourworstnightmare". I didn't open it at first. I was afraid to. After putting off the inevitable for as long as possible I knew that I didn't have a choice and I opened it. The email contained a map to the address I had been ordered to go to this morning with directions from my driveway to his. There was also another picture of me in my underwear. I was holding my breasts, still covered in my conservative bra, in my hands as if offering them up to a lover.

It was getting late so I showered and did my makeup. Then I tried to decide what to wear. All of my clothing is quite conservative. That's how I dress. That's who I am.

I selected a navy skirt and a plain white top with a matching navy jacket. I dressed and looked at myself in the mirror. I didn't know for sure what this was about. But it seemed obvious that the point was sexual blackmail. We were just starting out and had very little money. I was being very careful to dress in a way that could not possibly give the wrong impression.

I didn't know who was doing this, or how I was going to get out of it. But I had to get out of it. I couldn't possibly do anything of a sexual nature with someone outside of my marriage!

I have always been shy and self conscious about my body. I know that I have a good figure. But it makes me uncomfortable when people notice. Every time a man looks at me and I see his eyes glance down at my figure I blush. I can't help it. Jay is the only man that has seen me naked or touched me.

I allowed a high school boyfriend to touch my breasts over my clothing on several occasions. It was very exciting. I'm not a robot. I have needs and desires. But it was also very wrong and I stopped seeing him before he could push me any farther.

My husband and I started dating while he was a senior and I was a junior in college. We started "going steady" almost as soon as we started dating. We seemed to be perfect for each other. He would be the strong father figure in my life and he had vowed to take care of me forever. We shared our strong religious principles and morals. He was the man I had always dreamed that my husband would be. He was cute too!

Jay asked me to marry him four months before I graduated from college. I accepted, totally without reservation. From that time on, we often went a little farther on dates than I had ever gone previously. I would sometimes let him put my hand on his thing through his pants. I didn't do anything. I didn't masturbate him or anything like that. I just held my hand there. He seemed to really enjoy being touched. I guess I could understand that.

As time passed I began to allow him greater liberties. He would sometimes touch my thighs under my skirt, or cup my breast inside my top. But always through my bra. There were still limits. We were never more intimate than that before our wedding.

It was well worth the wait. When the day of our wedding finally arrived we left for our honeymoon pure and untouched. That week was a week of wonder and exploration and excitement and we both knew that it had been worth the wait.

Now some strange man was insisting that I go to his home and I can only assume that he intended to have sex with me. It just wasn't possible. I would not be able to do it. I would go there and explain that I had gotten carried away in those chats and I deeply regretted it. But it was just for titillation. I never had any intention of ever doing anything with anyone but my husband. I still don't!

I looked at the map that he had sent me. The street was less than a mile from my house. I would have to leave my subdivision, go out to the main road and turn left, away from town. The next street off of the main road was Lawton. I didn't like the idea that this pervert lived so near to my home.

It was finally time to go and get this over with. I got in my car and drove to his house. It was not as well kept as his neighbors on the street. The grass needed mowing. There was a big motorcycle parked outside the garage, right beside the pickup truck with all of the redneck stickers on the back window.

I drove past the first time. I couldn't bring myself to stop there. I knew I had no choice though. I had to face him and put an end to this. I parked at the curb in front of the house. I walked slowly up the driveway. I was so nervous I was having trouble breathing.

I could hear music coming from inside the house. I had to knock loudly several times before someone finally answered the door. The man who answered the door was in his mid to late thirties, tall, at least 6'2", and big. He looked like one of those men who had once lifted weights but had stopped. He was still strong, but he was getting a bit of a beer gut. He also looked kind of mean. I began to suspect that it was going to be very difficult to reason with him. Oh, and he also looked familiar. But as hard as I tried, I could not remember where I had seen him before.

He didn't say anything when he came to the door. He looked at me for a moment and then stood back and held the door for me to come in. I tried to tell him that I did not want to enter his house. I had just come to reason with him. I was stuttering and stammering and finally he said, "Shut the fuck up and get your dumb ass in here, cunt!"

I could not have been more shocked if he had struck me! In my entire life no one had ever spoken to me in that manner, or used that course language in my presence. I wanted to slap his face. Instead, he reached out and grabbed me by the back of the neck and pulled me into his living room.

Once I was inside he shut the door and walked around me to sit in an old recliner. He looked up at me for a minute. I glanced at him and it was obvious he was enjoying my discomfort.

I started to speak again, still not knowing exactly what I could say, but knowing that I had to get out of this place.

I uttered a few unintelligible sounds but he interrupted to say, "You really are a stupid cunt, aren't you? Do all of your friends call you clueless?"

"What!" I managed to gasp out. "No! And please don't use that language around me. I won't stand for it!"

He laughed at me. "What's the matter, cunt? You don't like being called cunt? I'll call you any god damned thing I want and you will smile and say 'yes sir'. Got it?"

"Please, don't use the lord's name in vain! I only came here to reason with you. I am not the kind of person you think I am. Those chats, they were ... I don't know, just harmless playing. I am not really that kind of person. I don't know how you got those pictures or those chat-logs. But you have to destroy them and not contact me anymore. Do you understand?" I sounded weak and ineffectual even to myself.

He laughed in my face. "Sorry, cunt, not gonna happen. I got your sweet ass right where I want it. I think that you are going to find our days together very educational."

He got up and pulled me over to the sofa and pushed me down. The place was so dirty and messy that I was uncomfortable about touching anything. But I was too numb to resist him.

He sat beside me and pulled a folder on the coffee table closer and opened it up. Inside were 8X10s of all of the pictures, copies of all of the chat logs, and a list of names and addresses. The list contained the names of both Jay's parents and my own, our grandparents, our neighbors, our closest friends, Jay's boss and several of his co-workers. It also listed our Pastor and many of the most influential people in our church.

I suddenly knew I was going to throw up. I looked around and couldn't see the bathroom so I ran to the kitchen and was sick in the sink. When I was finished I rinsed the sink out and then rinsed my face and my mouth. The only towel I saw was too filthy to touch. So I used a paper towel to dry my face and hands. I looked into the living room and he was still sitting where I had left him on the sofa.

I went into the living room and, realizing I was trapped, I asked him what he wanted from me.

"You are one hot bitch," he said. "I don't think you have any idea how hot you are. That's okay though, I do. I am going to teach you all about sex. You are going to learn how to fuck and suck on command. I can see that I am definitely going to have to teach you how to dress!"

"You don't understand," I tried one last time. "I have never been with anyone but my husband. I just couldn't!"

He ordered me to go get him a beer from the refrigerator. I didn't want to do it. I realized that any time I obeyed an order of his I would be surrendering just a little more. I stared at him for a moment, aware of the implied threat. He didn't even have to put the threat into words. I knew I was beaten.

I got up and went to the kitchen and got his beer from the refrigerator. I was disgusted by the inside of the refrigerator. I don't think he had ever cleaned it out. I took the beer in and handed it to him. It wasn't even 9:30 in the morning yet and he was drinking a beer!

He saw the disapproval in my face and he laughed and said, "I always drink beer while I watch a strip show. Now, I want you to start taking those damned clothes off. Take as much time as you like, we have all day."

I stood in front of this horrible man in shock, unable to move. He picked up a small remote control and pointed it at a camera on a tripod nearby and told me to start.

I looked at the camera and I panicked. It was all just too much. I collapsed to my knees and put my face in my hands and sobbed. He just watched. When I finally had recovered enough to look at him through my tears he was smiling. He was actually enjoying my suffering! Oh my god! What have I gotten myself into?!

I tried to plead again. I begged him. I told him I couldn't possibly undress in front of a man other than my husband. I certainly could not undress in front of a camera! I glanced at the camera and noticed that the red light was still on. It was recording me even now!

"You stupid cunt! Get the fuck up! I was intending to start you out kind of easy. But if you don't pull yourself together and get with the program here, I am going to have to take my belt to your sweet ass. Now god damn it, you know you got no way out of this. So get the fuck off the floor and start taking your clothes off. Or if you would rather, I suppose I could call a few friends over and we could take your clothes off. Would you prefer that?"

I struggled to my feet and wiped my eyes and my nose with the damp paper towel that I still had in my hands from when I had washed my face at the sink. I put the paper towel in the side pocket of my jacket and then I slipped my jacket off and dropped it on the coffee table. I stepped out of my shoes and I slowly unbuttoned my blouse, pulling it out of my skirt as I reached the bottom. I took a deep breath and let it slide down my shoulders. I covered my chest with my arm and dropped the blouse on top of my jacket.

I wanted to disappear. I knew that there was no use in begging anymore. I just didn't think I could do this. My body had always been sacred to me. To be undressing in this hovel for the amusement and eventual sexual gratification of the cretin seated on the couch, well, it was just unimaginable!

He didn't rush me. He was enjoying my discomfort as much as he was going to enjoy my partial nudity. I glanced at him and the look of pleasure on his face made my discomfort even worse. I quickly looked away, but it was hard to find a place to look. If I looked down I saw the 8X10s spread out on the coffee table. If I looked away I saw the movie camera filming my humiliation. Finally I found myself staring at a Playboy calendar on the wall behind my tormentor.

But I couldn't stand like this forever. I took a deep breath and dropped my arm, allowing him to see my bra covered breasts. I lowered my arms self consciously and unfastened my skirt and slid it off. I held onto it so that it wouldn't fall to the filthy floor. I stepped out of it as gracefully as possible.

I dropped my skirt on the growing pile of my clothing and took another deep breath to try and steady my nerves. I hooked my thumbs into the waistband of my pantyhose and started rolling them down. Again, I stepped out of them without allowing them to touch the floor.

Now I was dressed in only my modest bra and panties. The idea of the next step was so very abhorrent that I was actually shivering. I finally reached behind my back and unhooked my bra. I held it in front of me, still cupping my breasts as the shoulder straps slid down and I pulled my arms free. Finally I pulled the bra away from my breasts, but I continued to cover them with my arm. With my other arm I dropped my bra on the pile of conservative clothing I had worn this morning so that this man wouldn't get the wrong idea.

Oh sweet Jesus! How could I do this?! There was, of course, no answer. No bolt of lightning struck me ... or him. Finally I dropped my arm and bared my breasts to the monster that now had my life and my marriage in his hands. It didn't help that he whistled in appreciation when my breasts came into view.

Like most women my age, I suppose, I have very firm breasts. They are a bit on the small side and stick out straight from my chest. They are also very sensitive. More sensitive than most I think. Sometimes, when Jay is caressing them and playing with my nipples I think that if he would just do that a little more, or a little harder, I could actually have an orgasm. Of course I couldn't tell Jay what to do. Still, it is always pleasant when he touches me there.

Now it was time for the final indignity. I realized, however, that this would not be anywhere near the final indignity. This man is going to rape me. And I am going to have to let him. Not just this time. Not just today. There will be many more rapes to come. It just isn't fair!

I slid my panties down over my hips and down to just below my knees and stepped out of them. I was very careful to keep my thighs pressed as tightly together as possible. I started to drop my underwear on the pile but he held out his hand and I dropped them in his hand instead. He stared at me as he brought my underwear to his face and inhaled deeply. I wouldn't have thought that I could be any more embarrassed. I was wrong.

I stood still for a long time and then he ordered me to turn around. I turned until my back was toward him and I swear I could feel his eyes on me as I stood naked in front of him.

Then he ordered me to face the camera. When I was facing the camera he ordered me to lace my fingers behind my neck and to hold my elbows out to my side. I did as he ordered. It was just one more indignity. I spread my legs a couple of feet apart when he commanded me.

I remained like that for several minutes while he sat, sipping his beer and staring at my naked body. He finally put his beer down, got to his feet and stepped behind me. I shivered when I felt his hand caressing my back, sliding down and moving over my buttocks. I started to cry again, softly, hopelessly. I knew he would enjoy that too, which only made it worse.

I felt him exploring my body with his large rough hands, even moving his fingers into the crevice between my nether cheeks! There was no more resistance in me though. Every time I thought to resist I realized that not only would it be futile, but it would serve to increase the pleasure he took from desecrating my body and my soul.

I felt him move closer to me. His rough clothing pressed up against my back and he reached around and took my breasts into his hands. I noticed a mirror against the wall behind the camera. When I saw myself being molested this way I shut my eyes. But my tormentor would not allow me to hide behind my eyelids. He was watching me in the mirror and he ordered me to open my eyes and watch.

I opened my eyes and stared in shock as this evil man grasped, squeezed, pulled and twisted my firm young breasts. It was obvious that he was hurting me. It was equally obvious that hurting me was something he enjoyed. Fleetingly the thought flashed through my brain that it was such a shame that suicide was a mortal sin, for that seemed to be the only way out of this mess.

He began to concentrate on my nipples. They were already erect, much to my further shame. He squeezed and pulled and twisted them cruelly. It was totally unlike the gentle way that Jay treated them.

To my horror, I felt the sensations like electric shocks traveling all the way to my clitoris. I quickly realized that if he did not stop what he was doing I was going to have an orgasm. I just knew that if I did I would die of shame!

He didn't stop though, and I did have an orgasm. I sank down, unable to support my own weight and sobbed into my hands once more. But I didn't sink to the floor. He held me up, one strong hand grasping my breast and the other moving down and forcing its way between my thighs.

The very idea that some man besides Jay would have his hand on my vagina was just totally unimaginable! Yet here I was with a stranger, a man intent on using me for his sexual pleasure. Worse than that, he was a cruel man whose pleasure was intensified by my suffering.

"Oh my god," I thought, "How could I have had an orgasm at the hands of this monster?!" I would never be the same now. I was truly a fallen woman.

I was finally able to regain my footing and support myself. Meanwhile, his hand continued to explore my vagina, roughly rubbing and then finally penetrating me with one of his large fingers. I cried out in anguish as he entered me.

He pulled me closer and whispered in my ear. He told me in the most awful, most obscene language what he was going to do to me, and what I was going to do to him. I just shook my head weakly back and forth and whimpered. No longer even pleading, not resisting. I was just reacting to each new humiliation in the only way that I could.

Finally he released me and stepped back. He stood me in profile to the camera and ordered me to undress him. I wiped the tears from my eyes with the backs of my hands and gingerly grabbed the hem of the dirty, ragged t-shirt he was wearing. Carefully, so as not to actually touch his skin any more than necessary, I worked the shirt up his torso and over his head. I dropped it beside the pile of my clothes on the table and then I dropped to my knees and unfastened his belt and his jeans.

I tried not to look at the large throbbing erection tenting out the front of his shorts as I slid his jeans down and he stepped out of them. I dropped his jeans and tried to keep my total revulsion under control as I gingerly pinched the waist of his shorts in my fingers and carefully pulled them down.

I was shocked when his penis came into view and I was finally forced to actually see it. It looked huge! It was much, much larger than Jay's. It was much uglier too. I knew that they came in assorted sizes of course. I had just never expected to be kneeling with my face mere inches from some stranger's penis. I had certainly not expected a penis that I would estimate to be at least eight inches long. And so frightfully thick! I did not think it possible that he would be able to put that horrible thing in me!

After I had removed his shorts he took his organ in his hand and rubbed it over my face. I started to pull away reflexively. I couldn't avoid it. But he grabbed my hair in his hand and held me in place.

There was a clear liquid coming out of the hole in the tip. I knew that when men became excited their penises excreted lubrication. I had never actually seen it before. I certainly had never had my face this close to Jay's penis! I had never actually touched it with my hands except a few times, playfully, but always through his clothing.

Now this horrible man was rubbing his organ all over my face, leaving a trail of slimy wetness like a snail wherever it touched me. I felt it as he moved it slowly over my cheeks and my eyelids, down to my chin and then across my lips. I felt like I might vomit again. I very nearly did. But when I started to gag he slapped me. Hard! Right on my face!

I had never been hit before! Never in my entire life! I was shocked. My eyes opened and I saw the huge penis less than an inch from my nose.

"Kiss it," he ordered, quietly but firmly.

I tried to pull away. I was sure that I could not do that. I wasn't totally naïve. I knew that there were women who did that sort of thing. I even knew that it was almost common. I also knew that it wasn't normal. It wasn't right. Good women like me most certainly did not touch a man's sexual organ with their lips!

The man tightened his grip on my hair again and held me tight. "You know," he said in a conversational tone, as though talking to a friend about the weather, "I have never fucked a redhead before. I am really looking forward to this. It just tickled the hell out of me when you dropped your drawers and I saw that the carpet matched the drapes. I knew it would. But it sure looks hot."

I didn't have the slightest idea what he was talking about. But I knew what he was doing. He pulled my face back to his large organ and placed the tip of it to my lips.

"Now kiss it, cunt."

I closed my eyes but he yelled at me to keep them open.

I opened my eyes and looked at his swollen stomach as I pursed my lips and obeyed yet another of his humiliating commands. When I had kissed him he pulled my face away and ordered me to lick my lips.

I obeyed. I had no choice.

I was surprised that the slimy fluid oozing from his penis did not seem to have a taste. Still, when I obeyed his order and ran my tongue over my lips I started to gag again. The very idea of what I was doing was sickening beyond belief.

When I started gagging he pulled his hand up as though to slap me again. I cringed in fear and I managed to regain control before he hit me again.

He slowly pulled my face towards his penis again and when the slimy end of it was at my lips he ordered me to stick my tongue out and lick it, all over.

I groaned in shame as I forced myself to obey. I licked all around the head of his organ, repulsed by what I was forced to do. I was startled by the sudden violent twitching of his penis when my tongue touched him. It moved like it was alive!

He moaned in pleasure as I started licking his ugly male organ. It was difficult. It kept moving around as though it was trying to escape me. Chasing it around with my tongue made what I was doing just that much more humiliating.

When I had been licking for some time he guided my face down and I was forced to lick the dirty, ugly, hairy, smelly sack containing his testicles. How could so many women allow themselves to be used like this?!

Once his testicles were covered in my saliva he pulled my face back up and said, "Okay, baby. That's enough foreplay. Now it's time for the main act. Wrap your pretty pink lips around that fucking thing and let's see how much of it you can swallow."

I wasn't stupid. I had every reason to believe this was coming. But still, how could I actually allow a man to put his penis in my mouth?!

I shuddered in revulsion, praying that I would be able to get through this. I opened my mouth wide and he laughed at me as he slowly pushed his nasty organ into me. "You sure got a lot to learn about cocksucking," he said in a tone that let me know how stupid he thought I was.

"But don't worry," he continued. "You're going to get lots and lots of practice."

I closed my lips around his penis as he pushed it into me. "Watch your teeth!" he warned me.

I struggled to obey his instructions. I knew that I wasn't doing it very well. But then, it had never been a talent that I intended to develop. As I struggled to do what he wanted so that he wouldn't hurt me again he laughed derisively and said, "Damn you are stupid cunt, aren't you? Alright, that's it. That's a little better. Move that tongue around, bitch."

He was moving in and out of my mouth slowly. Each time he moved in he pushed a little deeper into my mouth. He began hitting the back of my throat with the tip of his penis on every stroke and I was started gagging again. I couldn't help it. And I had no idea how to stop it.

At first he just watched my reaction and ignored it. He just kept forcing his organ into the back of my throat. When I couldn't control my gag reflex he started slapping me again.

Every time I would gag, which was on every stroke, he would slap my face. These were not gentle slaps. He was hitting me hard. I began crying hysterically. I was crying and gagging and gasping for breath and desperate for this to be over.

He suddenly grabbed my head in both of his large, strong hands and pulled my head towards him as he thrust into my mouth with his hips and his penis suddenly slid all the way into my throat. Suddenly I had my lips stretched wide around the base of his smelly organ!

"Oh yes!" he screamed. "Holy shit! Yeah, bitch! That's fucking fantastic! There might be hope for you yet!"

That was when I felt it. I felt his penis pulsing in my throat and I knew what was happening. I couldn't breath. I wanted to throw up again. I was pushing with all my might on his thighs and I was sure I was going to die with my lips around the base of this man's sex organ!

Just before I passed out he pulled back, very, very slowly. He stopped with the tip still resting in my mouth and I tasted the last few drops of his ejaculate on my tongue.

"You may be one dumb cunt," he said contemptuously, "but it looks like you are going to be a pretty good cocksucker after all! With a lot more practice of course. I gotta admit, not many bitches can take my cock down their fucking throats."

Did he have to talk like that? It seemed to make it so much worse that he was so coarse.

He stepped back when his penis was finished drooling the last few drops of his semen into my mouth. I wanted to spit it out. But I saw him watching me and somehow I knew that would just get me hit again.

So I swallowed, managing to control my gag reflex this time. It was very painful to swallow. What made it worse was that I realized that he was going to make me do this again, probably often. I couldn't take much more of this. I would not be able to live like this. I even thought of killing him. Unfortunately, I knew I couldn't. It just wasn't in me to take a life. Not even when it was this animal.

Any hopes that my ordeal was over, at least for the day, were dashed. He tapped me on the top of my head painfully and said, "Nobody said you could rest, bitch. Lie down over there on the floor."

He positioned me on the floor with my feet toward the camera. He adjusted the camera so that it was aimed down at me and then he sat back down in his chair and returned to sipping his beer. As soon as he was comfortable, in a calm voice, as if it was the most normal request in the world, he ordered me to masturbate! Well, he didn't use that word.

I had never in my life masturbated. Masturbation is a sin. Now I was going to be forced to do it in front of a strange man, and on camera! I don't even know how. I tried to explain that I didn't know how. But even as the words came out of my mouth I knew I was wasting my time.

He laughed out loud and began to belittle me again using all of those vulgar terms again. "You stupid cunt! You gotta be shittin' me! Fuckin' everybody jerks off! Christ I bet the fucking pope jerks off! I'll tell you what, bitch. You better damn sure figure it out fast. Because if you can't figure it out I imagine I can find someone to come in here and help you figure it out."

I was sure he would do it to. The very idea of yet one more stranger enjoying my subjugation and humiliation was unbearable. So I moved my hands down and started to caress myself. I gently rubbed around my clitoris and it actually felt very good. I knew it was a sin. But I didn't have any choice.

As I was rubbing myself gently he ordered me to put a finger inside my vagina and move it in and out. Of course that wasn't the way he said it. I followed his instructions and several minutes later he told me to use two fingers.

I closed my eyes. I couldn't stand to see that camera staring down at me. But he ordered me to open them and look right into the camera as I rubbed myself. I never, for one moment, thought that I would be able to achieve orgasm like this. Maybe not ever, but certainly not under these circumstances.

It made things so much worse that I was wrong. It seemed like a very long time. But eventually I started getting short of breath and I felt the pleasure spreading through my loins. I tried not to. I resisted it when I felt the pleasure starting to build. But eventually I knew I couldn't avoid it any longer. I started rubbing harder and faster and my hips rose up to meet my fingers and to my total and complete humiliation I achieved orgasm, my second orgasm since entering this horrible man's house this morning. How could my body betray me like this?!

My tormentor, I still didn't know his name, stood as my orgasm subsided and walked over to where I was stretched out on the floor. He turned me so that my side was to the camera and then he knelt between my legs. I tried to push him away as he stretched out between my legs and started kissing my thighs and my belly. Nobody had ever done anything like that to me before. It was an abomination!

I begged him not to. I tried to push him away but he ignored my futile efforts. His lips moved closer and closer to the swollen lips of my sex and the fact that it felt pleasant just made it that much worse. When his tongue finally started teasing my labia I had to bite my tongue to keep from screaming out in pleasure. Once more my hips thrust up involuntarily, this time to meet his invading tongue. Despite my attempts to remain still and resist those horrible, wonderful feelings he was causing me. Try as I might I could not remain still.

"Yeah," he said to demean me even further, "I knew you were a hot bitch, even if you didn't. Look at your juicy cunt. The cunt juice is just pouring out of you!"

It just kept getting worse. Every time I thought it was as bad as it could get, it got worse. Each new dehumanizing act of degradation seemed to draw me deeper into a pit of shame.

In moments I was having another orgasm. As his lips clamped down on my clitoris I could no longer control myself. I screamed loudly in pleasure and to my everlasting shame I had a huge orgasm. Worse than that, I had what was without question the most intense orgasm of my life!

He knew it too. I could sense that he knew it. God I hated him!

He kissed me down there a few more times and then he started kissing his way up my body. He kissed my stomach and every muscle in my stomach fluttered in an involuntary response. He licked and bit and kissed my breasts like my husband never had. He just kept kissing and licking and sucking and making my body want yet another of those fantastic orgasms. Even though my mind knew it was horribly wrong.

I kept my eyes closed and tried to fight the sensations of pleasure coursing through my body like an ocean, undeniable, irresistible. Then his lips were on mine and he was kissing me, and I was letting him. No, I wasn't just letting him. I was returning his kiss. I wasn't just doing what I had to do to survive. I kissed him passionately. I felt myself doing it. I wanted to stop. But somehow I couldn't stop, I couldn't break that kiss.

I felt his manhood moving against my vagina as we kissed. "Here it comes," I thought, "the final indignity, the final dagger in my soul."

If only I had been right. I had not the vaguest idea of the depths to which I would be dragged by this monster.

"Put your hands on my cock and guide it into your cunt," he ordered as he hovered over me.

I reached down and put my hand on his manhood and lined it up with the entrance to my vagina. As soon as it was in position he started slowly forcing his way into me. Our eyes were locked as his organ slowly entered my hypersensitive vagina. It was so much longer and thicker than my husbands and it just seemed to keep spreading me farther and farther. It felt so huge that I was afraid he would damage me.

His organ split me wider and wider and I couldn't avoid wondering if my husband would be able to tell the difference after this man was done using me. It did not seem possible that my abused organ would return to its normal shape and size after this.

He finally stopped when the base of his penis was buried all the way inside my sex organ. He smiled at me derisively and started speaking quietly, "Yeah, bitch. You never had a cock like that buried in your cunt have you? Don't worry. You're going to get lots of it. Before I am done with you you'll be coming over here begging to get fucked right. Not like that wimpy little hubby of yours. You're going to crave getting fucked by a real man."

I shook my head from side to side. I kept saying, "No, no, no," in a desperate whisper. But even as I denied it I was thinking how wonderful it felt to be stretched like this, to be filled like this. To be taken so completely.

He started moving then, slowly at first, our eyes still locked. Then faster and harder and it was incredible. I felt myself losing the fight again. My hips began to come up from the floor to meet his thrusts. My grunts turned to moans of pleasure. Very quickly I realized that I was losing control yet again.

Seemingly of their own volition my arms had somehow encircled his back and I was holding him tight, pulling him onto me and into me with all of my might and then screaming at him in a voice that couldn't possibly be mine to go faster and harder.

I felt him tense up and I felt his large organ throbbing in my tight little hole. I knew that he was shooting his large load of hot cream into me. I screamed again and raked his back with my fingers as I had yet another orgasm. Then another, and yet another!

I had never been capable of multiple orgasms. I had never had more than a feeling of mild pleasure to be honest. I am sure that they were orgasms, those feelings of pleasure that I had when I made love with Jay. They weren't like this. I had no idea it could be like this!

I suddenly came to my senses and became aware of what I was doing. I was lying on the filthy floor with a complete stranger. I was being taken against my will and used like a common prostitute! And to my utter shame I was screaming out my sexual pleasure and hugging him and kissing him and scratching his back with my fingernails as I tossed about in a lust filled dance of surrender. And a camera was recording that surrender.

He continued to lie on top of me, staring at my face, watching my emotions running the gamut. Still with that horrible salacious grin, no, leer on his face. Suddenly he dipped his head down and licked his tongue over my face from my chin to my forehead. While I shivered in revulsion he rolled off of me and sat up.

He sat beside me for a minute, toying with my breast. Then he slapped it, causing me to scream yet again and reach up to protect myself. He stood up and then reached down and roughly pulled me to my feet. He pointed down the short hallway and said, "The bathroom is down there. Go clean up your nasty cunt. Be quick about it!"

I staggered down the hallway and was just about to enter the bathroom when I stopped suddenly. I had never seen such a filthy mess in my life! It didn't look safe to enter. But then I realized that after what I had just done it was an appropriate place for me.

I went in, carefully lowered the nasty toilet seat, and sat down, reluctantly. I sat there crying quietly, lost in despair as I waited for the liquids that remained inside of me from my rape to drain into the bowl. When nothing more came out of me I cleaned myself with toilet paper. I used more to blow my nose and wipe my eyes. Finally I stood and flushed the disgusting mess down the drain and moved to the sink.

There were no clean linens. I ran the water until it was warm and then I rinsed out the cleanest washcloth I could find and used it to clean my body. When I had cleaned everything else I then washed my vagina and my thighs which were encrusted with the drying remnants of that monster's bodily fluids. I used the cleanest of several dirty towels to dry off with and went back out to the living room.

Despite all that had just happened I still felt incredibly embarrassed to be naked in front of this man. He had slipped his jeans and his t-shirt back on and was slipping on an old pair of boots. He let me put on my skirt and my blouse. No underwear and no jacket. As soon as I had put my shoes on he pulled me outside.

I was glad to be out of the house. I assumed that if I were in public I would be relatively safe. But I didn't know what he had planned and I was getting nervous. I certainly couldn't be seen in public with this animal!

He led me over to the motorcycle and after he was seated he made me sit on the tiny little pad behind his seat. I had never been on a motorcycle before and I was terrified. My seat was nothing more than a little pad on the back fender. There was no backrest. There was nothing to keep me from sliding off.

He showed me where to put my feet and he ordered me to put my hands on his waist. Then he told me that under absolutely no circumstances was I to move either of my hands from his waist. Not even for a second. If I did he would stop the motorcycle and spank me on my bare ass wherever we happened to be when it happened.

I told him that I understood. Well, I thought I understood. I would find out when the bike started moving that I had not really understood.

He started it up and the sound was horrible. It was so loud that it almost hurt my ears. He twisted the grip and the front end almost came off of the ground as he raced down and out of the driveway. I very nearly slid right off of the back. As we sped down the side street to the main road I noticed that my skirt was billowing up in front. I told him I needed to tuck it under my thighs so that it wouldn't blow around and he hollered back that it was too late now.

It wasn't so bad while we were still on the little side street that he lived on. It was just a minor embarrassment until he pulled out onto the main road where the speed limit was forty-five miles per hour. Suddenly my skirt was billowing up and my belly was being exposed as we rode down the four lane road towards town. I screamed at him that we were going to get arrested but he just yelled back that he wasn't worried, he had his pants on!

At first I looked around fearfully to see who might be watching, and there were several people, especially those in pickup trucks that got a pretty good view. When we finally came to the first stop light I expected that my skirt would fall back into place. To my dismay, it didn't, quite. The sides fell down around my thighs, but the front was folded over and my crotch was exposed. I realized that the only way I could deal with this was to close my eyes and hope for the best until we got to wherever it was he was taking me. I tried not to think about that either.

He finally pulled up in front of a place that I didn't even know existed. On one end it was a bar. A biker bar apparently, judging from all the bikes in the parking lot. On the other end it was a combination leather shop and sexy lingerie store.

He told me to get off, which I did most happily. He stood up and I was forced to follow him into the leather shop. When we walked in there were several people standing around holding beers and talking and joking. They looked up and when they saw who it was they greeted my rapist by his nickname. I assumed that it was his nickname.

There was a chorus of "Hey, Snake! What's happening? What's that you got with you?"

"Snake," I thought, "who names a kid Snake?!"

I followed Snake as he went over to greet them. He greeted his friends, most of whom had names as unlikely as his own. There were four men and a woman in the group, and now Snake and I. Behind them I saw an open set of double doors that led into the attached bar where people were playing pool and laughing and drinking and listening to loud music.

They talked for a few minutes and ignored me, which was more than fine with me. I felt extremely self conscious just being seen with Snake. I prayed that nobody I knew had seen me riding on that motorcycle or coming into this place!

As much as I took comfort in being ignored, it couldn't last. He pulled me out from behind him and said, "This is my new 'slut in training'. She just had her first biker fuck about half an hour ago. She's still recovering."

I turned bright red as everyone, even the girl laughed.

Someone joked, "So you finally found a piece of soft tail for your Softail!"

The big guy, the one who appeared to work here, his name was Larry, asked, "Where did you find a classy little bitch like her?"

Snake smiled and said, "I'll fill you in later. The kick is that I'm blackmailing the stupid cunt! She is the squarest, most naïve, piece of ass I ever had! You won't believe this. She never sucked a cock before this morning!"

There were choruses of "No shit!" and "No way!" I just kept my head down and prayed to be struck by lightning.

Snake said, "Yeah, and all she has is crap like this to wear. I figured I'd bring her in and get her some good slut clothes. Got anything that would look good on her?"

Larry looked me over and then led Snake and me down one of the aisles. I heard the remaining three men and the woman following. We came to a stop beside a rack of short skirts. I mean so short they should be illegal! Larry asked me what my size was and when I told him he picked one out a size smaller and handed it to me. He told me to try it on.

I looked around for the changing room and Snake suddenly said, "Hey! Are you deaf? Try it on!"

I whispered, "I'm looking for the changing room."

Snake mocked me in a whiny, high pitched voice. I suddenly realized that I was to try it on right here in front of all of them!

"Oh god! Snake, please! I can't do that!" I exclaimed, the terror washing over me all over again.

His hand came up so fast I never saw what hit me. He slapped my face hard, so hard that I spun around and nearly fell to the floor. I was too shocked to even scream! I grabbed my face and looked at him, cowering in fear. I had no idea why he had hit me like that!

"First of all, you stupid cunt," he snarled, with genuine anger in his voice, "only my friends call me Snake! To you I am Master, or Sir. Do you understand?"

The people standing around were smiling and laughing like this was all in fun! Even that woman seemed to find this amusing. I nodded and answered, "Yes Sir."

"Second, you don't ever question anything I tell you to do. Not anything! Do you understand?"

I said, "Yes Sir." I was still shivering in pain and fear. I did not want to make this man mad again.

"Hand me that skirt you're wearing. Hell, take everything off."

I was too afraid to even hesitate. I quickly pulled my blouse and skirt off and slipped out of my shoes to stand naked in front of Snake and Larry and the four other customers. No, more than four now. Two more men had heard the commotion and had come over to see what was going on. They were leaning against a nearby wall and watching my humiliation with obvious glee.

Everyone looked me over and the general consensus was that I was, "Not bad!"

I was forced to spin slowly around so that everyone could get a good look at my naked body. Once everyone had seen all of me, Larry handed me the miniskirt again and I put it on.

It only came down to my crotch and I could tell that a little bit of my bottom was sticking out even when I stood straight. If I had to bend over ... well, I had best avoid bending over. The skirt wrapped around and buttoned at the waist, but that was it! Except for the button closure it was open all the way down the side. They made me walk up and down the aisle in it and when I passed the men they each took the opportunity to reach out and grab my bottom. I knew better than to object.

When I had returned to where Snake and Larry stood, Larry reached out and grabbed my breast. I stood quietly while he squeezed it roughly and said, "Let's see if we can find something nice to cover these with."

Larry turned and started looking through his selection of slutty tops. He pulled out one that looked like a men's tank top with oversized arm holes. I put it on and I found that if I didn't hold it in place on the sides, my breasts were exposed from the side. I was made to walk the gauntlet again and this time when I passed the men their hands went under my new top and grabbed my breasts. Even the girl leered at me and groped me as I walked past!

Larry picked out another top that was all lace. I took off the one I was wearing and put it on. My nipples were plainly visible. My entire breast was plainly visible. I felt more exposed with it on. It seemed to emphasize the fact that my breasts were on display!

Larry and Snake picked out two more, equally outrageous tops and then decided I would probably need two skirts so I was handed another one of those. Then Larry suggested one more thing. He led me over to a display of leather goods and made me take my top off. He picked up what appeared to be a leather harness. He slid it over my arms and fastened it behind my back. It was constructed like a bra, except that instead of cups for my breasts there were just small straps that came down over my nipples, not quite covering them.

I was horrified at all of these garments, and at having to try them on and model them for half a dozen dirty bikers. I was told to pick up the clothes I had been wearing when I came in and put them on the counter with my new clothes. Then I was led to the corner where there was a large selection of shoes and boots, most of them totally outrageous, of course.

Snake pushed me roughly down into a chair. With everyone gathered around to watch, Larry grabbed my ankle and placed my foot on the measuring device. As soon as I sat down the little skirt had hiked up exposing my pubic hair. Now, with my leg in the air, my vagina was being displayed for the amusement of the gathered audience.

Larry was taking his time, giving the leering crowd of bikers ample opportunity to see my vagina. He measured my foot and picked out some extremely high heels. He put them on my foot, making sure that my legs stayed widely spread the entire time. Then he wrapped the long straps around my ankles and buckled them on my calf. When both shoes were in place he finally put my feet down and slid his stool back.

I was ordered to stand and walk around. I was so concerned about falling down that I didn't even notice that my nipples had come out from behind the small straps that were supposed to cover them. I walked around for a minute, gradually getting used to the heels and learning how to walk in them. Suddenly I looked at the mirror and realized that my nipples were exposed, and erect! I quickly tucked them back behind the straps to the laughter of my audience.

I was relieved when it appeared that my ordeal was over. At least the shopping portion of it was over. I followed Snake back to the front of the store and we gathered near the cash register. While Larry was figuring out the total, Snake decided he wanted me in the t-shirt with the big armholes. I removed the leather contraption I was wearing and quickly slipped the t-shirt on.

At first I was almost glad to have to change, even if I had to do it in front of everyone again. I thought that I would be slightly more covered. But I wasn't really. The front of the top sagged in between my breasts. That brought the armholes over and exposed my breasts. I kept trying to adjust it but Snake ordered me to quit fidgeting so I finally was forced to give up. In seconds my breasts were totally exposed.

Larry finally came up with a total, $275! I couldn't believe it. Hopefully that would discourage him and I could put this stuff back. I was quickly reminded of what a dumb ... well, you know, I am.

Snake said, "Pay the man, bitch!"

I looked at him helplessly. I didn't have any money. I didn't even bring my purse with me when we left his hovel!

I finally stuttered out, "S-S-Sir ... I d-d-don't have any money!"

"You stupid cunt!" Snake said loudly. "What the fuck are you doing going shopping with no money?"

Everyone was smiling and laughing and really enjoying the show, everyone but me of course.

All I could do was stand there helplessly. Snake glowered at me for a moment and then he started calculating. "Okay, well, let's see, $275. I guess we will have to go into the bar and see what we can get for your ass!"

I squeaked helplessly as he started to pull me to the door into the bar next door. But Larry stopped him. "Hey, Snake! I'll knock fifty dollars off for a piece."

Snake thought it over and said, "Seventy-five dollars. You won't regret it. She's almost a virgin."

"Done!" Larry said.

Snake pushed me towards Larry and I stumbled into his arms in those silly high heels. With everyone watching he bent me over one of his display tables and warned me not to mess his stuff up. Then he flipped my little skirt all the way up over my back and started fingering my vagina.

"Shit," he exclaimed. He was exasperated at my apparent failure to provide the necessary lubrication! "Dry as a fucking bone!"

Snake said, "Sorry, Larry. Like I said, she's new. I'll work on that." Everyone was chuckling as Larry grabbed my hair and pulled me back around and pushed me to the floor on my knees. He pulled my face to his penis and forced it into my mouth.

"You better get that thing wet in about ten seconds." he warned. "That's how long you have before I shove it up your tight little cunt. I don't mind hurting you. But I don't want your tight ass cunt rubbing the skin off my dick."

I did my best. I used my tongue as much as possible. His organ was at least a more normal size than Snake's had been. Surprising, considering how large he was. He was as big as the guys that people usually call tiny.

After a few seconds of violently forcing his organ into my mouth and down my throat he pulled out and pushed me back over the table. Then I felt him flip up the back of my skirt and kick my legs apart. There was a brief pause and then I felt him fumbling between my legs to find my opening.

As soon as the head of his penis was lodged in my entrance he started forcing his penis into me. He slammed it into me brutally in two violent strokes and I suddenly realized that I had not been dry! He had just wanted to stick his nasty organ in my mouth I suppose!

Apparently I had, in fact, been quite wet. I guess parading around in a store naked had an unanticipated effect on me. I tried not to think about what that said about me.

He bottomed out in me quickly and then started rapidly plunging in and out. It went on for the longest time before finally I felt him speed up even more and he grunted and stopped, filling me with yet another strange man's ejaculate. By now I was beyond tears. I just remained bent over the table as he pulled out of me and stood up. I waited for my next order.

Apparently another deal had been made while Larry was using me because as soon as he moved away another man took his place. Larry went next door and came back with a beer and a dozen bikers.

I had, of course, at some point in my life heard the phrase "gangbang". I never thought I would be taking part in one! I remained bent over that table while four men raped me. Then I was pushed to my hands and knees so that while I was being raped vaginally someone else could rape my mouth.

I am not sure at what point, but shortly after this started my clothes were removed again. I remember Snake saying that there was no sense messing up my new school clothes.

I don't know how many men had me in the front of the store that day. Some took me and stayed around to watch. Some of them even took me a second time. Some of them used me and then left. Men, and sometimes couples, came and went and either joined in or just ignored me being gang raped beside the cash register.

Finally it was over. The woman that had been there the entire time took me by the arm and helped me to my feet. It took some effort. My mind had totally shut down by the time it was over. When I was standing she said, "Come on, honey. Let's get your nasty ass cleaned up. You're a mess."

As we walked away I was upset to see that one of the men had a movie camera and had been filming the entire rape. He handed the camera to Snake as I was led away.

I was, indeed, a mess. I had the slimy, sticky jism from all of those men running down my legs in streams. There were also puddles of it dripping down off of my chin and streaming down over my breasts. When it first started I had tried to keep a count of the number of men that used me. They had been so violent though. I got confused, distracted. It was a lot.

The girl led me through the connecting door and into the bar. I was still naked. I followed her down the side of the large, crowded barroom to the ladies room. Whistles and obscene comments followed me all the way.

As soon as the door to the ladies room closed behind me I fell to my knees and bawled like a baby. The girl with me said, "Come on, honey. Get it under control. Snake ain't gonna give you all day in here. You don't want to piss Snake off, if you know what I mean."

Unfortunately, I did know what she meant. He was a frightening man. I finally got my tears under control and stood up. I looked at her and said, "I want to die."

She grinned wryly and said, "Honey, you are hanging around with the right man if you have a death wish. Snake can definitely make it happen. How did he get his hooks into you?"

As we talked we both worked to clean the ejaculate up and get my body and my face as clean as possible.

"I don't know," I said. "He called me early this morning. It was about one o'clock and I was in bed with my husband. I answered the phone and I heard a male voice telling me to check my email. I got up and checked it and there were some compromising pictures of me, in some of them I was even in my underwear. There were some chat logs from some chats with a couple of guys I have been talking to from time to time. They were sexy, but it was all fantasy stuff. I never did anything. They were on the other side of the country!"

"He ordered me to be at his house at nine o'clock this morning. Then he raped me, over and over. I let him, but it was rape. He took more pictures, movies, awful movies. My life is over. I might as well be dead now. When my husband finds out what I've done, or my parents, or my Pastor. Oh god, what am I going to do?!"

"Sorry, girl. But you are shit out of luck. I expect Snake will keep your secret. Because if he doesn't he loses his hold over you. I guess all you can do is do what he says and hope you don't get hurt too bad. Now come on. That's as clean as we can get you without taking a shower. Let's go."

She pushed me out into the bar again. I had to walk through the whistling customers and listen to their obscene comments again. Once I was back in the store and I was able to put the shoes and the skirt and the t-shirt back on I almost felt dressed in them after being nude for so long.

Snake handed me the bag with the clothes he had selected and a couple of bills rolled up. "Here," he said, "we made a little extra. I'm splitting it with you."

I looked stupidly at the bills in my hand, a couple of five dollar bills. Ten dollars for allowing myself to be gang raped. I just said, "Thank you, Sir."

I was too scared, and too humiliated to say anything else.

Snake smiled. I think he could read my mind. He knew that giving me those two five dollar bills would only increase my humiliation. He turned and walked away and I was forced to follow him back into the bar for a couple of beers.

I had spent so much time with no clothes on that I was almost able to ignore the fact that my bottom and my breasts were uncovered. Almost, but not quite. The fact that so much of me was on display to the general public was still causing me to blush continuously. I don't normally drink beer. But I was desperate for anything that might dull the mental anguish I was suffering and I gulped down both of the beers that Snake gave me.

Snake said goodbye to his friends and we started out when one of the men said, "Hey, Snake! If you want I can drop that bag by your house later. I'm driving my truck."

Snake replied, "Thanks, Mickey. I appreciate that." He took the bag from me and handed it to Mickey. We started out again when it occurred to me that my real clothes were in it.

"Sir," I spoke quietly, afraid of making him mad. "May I say something?"

He looked at me, annoyed and said, "What do you want, cunt?"

"Sir, I will have to go home soon. I can't go home like this. My clothes are in the bag."

"You'll go home like that if I tell you to. You wear what I say when I say. You don't have a problem with that do you?"

"No Sir." I started to walk out, resigned to having to sneak into my house in this outfit.

Before we left, Mickey spoke up again. "Hey, Snake," he called out. "For another blowjob from the bitch, I'll bring them by in about fifteen minutes or so. Is that okay?"

Snake smiled at Mickey and replied, "Works for me! Does that work for you bitch?"

Right, like I had a choice! "Yes, Sir, if that's what you want Sir."

Some of the men laughed and somebody said, "Damn, Snake! She's coming right along. You only took her cherry this morning and already she knows her place. I might have you train a bitch like that for me."

Snake laughed and replied, "Shit, I don't know Bubba. It's a lot of damned work and aggravation. Maybe we could find one with a little bit of brain in her head. This would be easier if she wasn't such a dumb cunt."

Everyone laughed again at my expense and finally we left.

He got on the bike and I sat behind him again. This time he didn't want my arms on his waist. This time my hands were to remain on his shoulders. It was instantly obvious why. My breasts were totally exposed to every vehicle on the road this way. And once we were moving the little skirt he had forced me to wear might as well be nonexistent. He told me that I was only to take my arms down if I saw a cop.

Sure enough, as soon as we were moving the little skirt blew up and my armholes billowed in the wind exposing my breasts to every car. Horns blew and men yelled encouragement all the way back to his house. I don't know if there were any cops. I kept my eyes closed.

When we got back to his house it was almost two o'clock in the afternoon. I had to be home by four. I prayed that he would be tired of torturing me by now and let me go. Yeah, there I go being stupid again.

We went inside and I was sent into the bathroom to take a quick shower. I asked if there was a clean towel and Snake laughed and said, "You're lucky I don't make you use my dirty underwear."

I believed him.

I took a quick shower and dried off with the cleanest towel I could find. Then I put my new clothes back on and went back out to the living room.

"You don't need those in here. We're home now. You just need those when we go out."

At first I didn't understand what it was I didn't need. Then I saw the look on his face and suddenly it hit me. Clothes! I don't need to wear clothes in his house. Oh well, they weren't really covering anything anyway.

I stepped out of them and bent down to take off the shoes. He stopped me. He wanted me to leave the slutty shoes on.

"Well, cunt," Snake said conversationally. "We have a little time to kill. What would you like to do?"

I didn't think 'kill you' would work well in the conversation. "Whatever you want, Sir." I said, as obsequiously as possible.

"Well, maybe there is something you might like to suck on until Mickey gets here with your clothes, how about it slut?"

"Yes Sir." What else could I say?

"Well, ask me!"

He wants me to ask him to take his penis in my mouth?! I took a deep breath. He had hit me twice now, and I knew he had it in him. I was disgusted with myself for submitting so sheepishly to his every demand. But I couldn't go home with bruises that I would have to explain to my husband.

"Please Sir. May I suck your penis?" I asked politely.

"My what?!" he asked, incredulously. "You stupid cunt! If I ever hear you say a word like that around me again I will lay you out! Do you understand me?"

I thought I did. I just wasn't sure I knew all the words he would want me to use. "I'm sorry Sir. I've never used those other words. I'll do better, I promise."

"What do you mean? You have honest to god never used dirty words?"

"I have said s-h-i-t a few times, and damn sometimes," I said, hesitantly. Then I saw his face and instantly I knew my mistake. "I am sorry Sir. I meant that I have said shit."

"Stand right here in front of me, stupid."

When I was where he wanted me he said, "Point to the important parts of your body and tell me what they are called."

This was harder than I thought it would be, considering what I had gone through today. I pointed to my breasts and said, "Tits," and then I moved my finger down and pointed to my vagina and said, "Cunt," and finally I turned around and pointed to my bottom and said "Ass."

Then he pointed to his penis and asked, "What's that?"

"Cock," I answered. I was hearing all of these words coming out of my mouth for the first time and it made me so uncomfortable.

"Cock and what?" he asked.

"Cock and balls, Sir." I responded.

"From now on you don't use those other words. You don't even use them in your head. Do you understand me, cunt?"

"Yes Sir." I responded.

"Good," he said. "Now get your lazy ass down here and suck on my cock. You better fuckin' do it right this time. You've had a little practice now."

"Yes Sir," I said as I moved between his legs. He stopped me and stood up and dropped his pants and his shorts and sat back down. I pulled them off and set them aside. He spread his legs and ordered me to start by licking his balls.

The stench was powerful. He had had sex with me ... no, that isn't right. He had fucked me before we left the house this morning and he had not washed afterwards. I don't think he fucked me at the shop later. He may have, but I think he was too busy taking money from other men who wanted to fuck me. That means that the dried ejac ... the dried cum on his cock and balls was from about four hours ago. There is no telling how long before that he had taken his last shower. He had not smelled all that clean when I arrived here this morning.

I licked his balls, breathing through my mouth as much as possible to avoid the smell. As I licked, his semi hard cock was throbbing in my face. From time to time he would rub it over my face as I licked his balls. After a few minutes he lifted his legs up onto the arms of the chair and with an evil grin on his cruel face he said, "Come on, cunt. Get your face down there. Eat my asshole out just like you would a pussy."

I hadn't the nerve to tell him that I would never eat a pussy. I suppose he must have realized it though. Instead I buried my lips in the crack of his ass and licked all around the foul smelling hole. It was horrible. You don't want to know what it tasted like. I managed to please him though. He made me keep doing that for a very long time. But just as I was sure that my tongue was about to give out he put his legs back down and said, "Okay, let's see if you can get me off before Mickey gets here."

I hadn't really sucked him before. It was more like he had fucked my mouth. I had the idea though. I thought that I knew what he wanted from me. I put my mouth on the end of his cock and started sucking as enthusiastically as I could. I kept taking more and more of it into my mouth and I tried to do it without gagging. Still, as hard as I tried I could not get it into my throat. I was afraid he was going to hurt me and I tried so very hard.

After a few minutes he got tired of my futile attempts. He grabbed my head and pulled me down brutally, forcing his cock down my throat again. He held me down for a few moments and then he let me up. Then he repeated the process. After several repetitions he let my head go and to my surprise, and my horror, I was able to do it on my own. It hurt. It was extremely painful. But at least I was able to better provide for breathing when I did it on my own.

He was getting ready to cum and in between deep breaths he told me that he wanted to do it differently this time. This morning he had held my face against his belly and shot his cum down my throat. This time when he shoots his load he wants me to hold just the end of his cock in my mouth so that I can get the full effect. I can more fully savor the flavor.

As ordered, I pulled back and finished him off with my hand. Just before he filled my mouth with his cum he said, "Don't swallow until I tell you, cunt." Then I felt my mouth filling up with hot, bitter cum. It might have been more difficult to deal with if my mouth hadn't just recently been raped by a bunch of his biker friends at that leather and lingerie shop he had taken me to.

I had tasted his cum this morning. But just a few drops of it on my tongue. It had been unpleasant. But not like this. It was horrible! It was bitter and bleachy and disgusting. But I had begun to get used to the nasty taste.

I managed to control the gagging and soon he was finished. He pushed my head away and his cock slid out of my mouth. He looked down at me, kneeling at his feet, my cheeks bulging with his cum.

"Oh yeah, cunt. You and I are going to have a lot of fun. You're learning real fast. I'm going to make a slut out of you in no time."

"Now," he went on. "We need to have a few rules. Unless I tell you different, you come here every morning. I will tell you what time I want you here before I send you home. If there is a change of plans I will call you. After you get home you can wear any damn thing you want. But when you leave your house in the morning you will be wearing slut clothes. I better not ever catch you with underwear on."

"Yeth Thir." I mumbled. My mouth was still full of his cum.

"Until I get tired of you, and I don't know how long that will take, you do everything I say without question, without hesitation. That includes fucking and sucking anyone or anything I say. That means anyone, man, woman, child or beast. Do you have any fucking questions?"

"No Thir." I responded.

I heard a vehicle pulling up in the driveway and Snake told me to swallow.

I gladly swallowed. I wanted nothing more than to get that awful stuff out of my mouth. It had the most disgusting taste. Once I had swallowed I desperately wished for a drink of anything to get the nasty taste out of my mouth.

Snake pushed me out of the way and stood up. Then he pulled me to my feet. "Go answer the door," he ordered.

"Yes Sir." I moved across the room and opened the door just as Mickey was walking up with my bag of clothes.

I moved out of the way to let him pass but he pushed me in front of him and said, "I believe I would rather watch you walk, cunt. Get your ass inside."

I had always been uncomfortable with that word. I had never used it of course. I was aware that some did. It was so coarse and demeaning. I really hated it. Now, here I am, a cunt!

Mickey tossed the bag onto the couch and pulled me to him.

Snake warned him, "You might not want to kiss the bitch. I just shot a big load in her mouth."

"Is that right, cunt? Open your cunt mouth and let me see."

Mickey held my hair and tilted my head back a little as I opened my mouth.

"Wider!" he said.

I opened my mouth wider and suddenly I felt his other hand twisting my tit painfully. He smirked down at me and said, "Come on bitch, you can do better than that."

I opened my mouth as wide as I possibly could, to the point I was worried about dislocating my jaw. I was too afraid not to.

He looked into my eyes and ordered me to keep staring in his eyes. Then he leaned forward, holding my hair in one hand and my tit in the other and spit right in my mouth! He did it again, and then again. I was aghast! I had never imagined that someone would do such a thing to another person! I had never heard of such a thing! My whole body shivered in revulsion. But except for that involuntary shudder I did not move. This animal was scarier than Snake!

He finally let go of my hair and told me to move my tongue around and play with it. I felt like throwing up. But of course I obeyed. I moved his saliva around my mouth with my tongue and all the time my eyes were locked on his. He finally let go of my tit and started taking his pants off, well, down. He dropped them to his knees and said, "That oughta be enough lubrication. Let's see you get me nice and hard and wet so I can fuck you."

I bent over and took his cock into my mouth. It wasn't as big as Snake's cock and before long I was taking it down my throat on every down stroke.

"Oh shit, man!" he exclaimed to Snake. "You taught this bitch to throat already! Damn you're good! Larry said she never sucked a cock before this morning. Is that right?"

Snake replied proudly, "That's what she said. After that first blowjob I believed her. Really bad, but her cunt was so good it made up for it. Shit! She was almost a virgin! Bitch is only twenty-two and been married to some limp dick for about a year. Said she was virgin when she got married. Believe that shit?"

"Man, you do fall into them, dude! This is some good shit!"

Suddenly he pushed me away and told me to get down on my back so he could check out my "born again virgin pussy."

I lay down and rolled over like a well trained dog and he was on me instantly. I was again surprised to find that my vagina, sorry, my cunt, was wet and ready. I don't know what is coming over me!

He pushed his cock into me and started fucking hard and fast. That seems to be the way all bikers do it, judging by my recent gang rape. I don't know if he was one of the men that fucked me earlier or not. From the things he said I gathered that he had not. But he lasted a long time. At first I was just waiting for him to finish. My cunt was sore from earlier and I just wanted to go home.

After a while though, I started getting those feelings. I started moaning. When he leaned down and started chewing on my tit I started cumming, loudly. And then so did he. When he came he bit me so hard I had a little blood coming out of my poor nipple!

He relaxed on top of me for a minute. I lay under him, helpless and gasping for breath. He stood up once he had recovered his breath. Then he reached down and pulled me to my knees.

When I was kneeling in front of him he said, "There seems to be something that Snake hasn't taught you yet, cunt. When some guy is nice enough to dirty his cock by throwing you a nice fuck, the first thing you do when he's done shaggin' your ass is thank him by sucking his cock clean."

I took a deep breath and then I took his slimy cock into my mouth and tried to clean it as quickly as possible so that the taste would be gone, and so that I could breathe again. After I cleaned his cock I was made to clean his balls thoroughly as well. So I ended up having to inhale that horrible odor anyway. At least I managed not to piss anyone off by gagging.

Mickey finally stepped back and pulled his pants back up. "Thanks, Snake. You need anymore help training the bitch you let me know. Glad to help out a pal!"

"I appreciate the offer," Snake said. "Take it easy, Mickey." Then Mickey was gone.

Snake turned to me and said, "I want you here tomorrow morning at seven, cunt. Bring your cleaning supplies, including a vacuum. My normal cleaning lady hasn't been around lately. So you are going to be busy tomorrow. Now get your ass out of here."

I started to take my real clothes out of the bag, but snake stopped me and told me to wear what I wore this afternoon. I was just grateful to be allowed to dress again. I put on the slut outfit. I would have done anything to get out of here and go home. I desperately wanted to be safe in my home and take a shower and try to figure out how I can ever face my husband again. Or my parents. My Pastor. My friends. Anyone! Ever again.

I walked out to my car in my new slut outfit. I was very self conscious. I was afraid of anyone seeing me, whether I knew them or not. Fortunately, it appeared that the people in this neighborhood seemed to mind their own business. I saw some people working in their yards. But nobody even seemed to glance in my direction.

I drove home quickly and as I neared my house it suddenly struck me how silly I had been to worry about what clothing I wore when I went home. It didn't matter. I drove right into the garage and closed the garage door before I got out of my car. I grabbed the bag of clothing and rushed to my bedroom.

I hid the slut clothes and put my real clothes in the hamper. I took a long hot shower. When I stepped out of the shower I still felt filthy. But I had to pretend that everything was normal or everything I did today, everything that was done to me, would all be for nothing. So I dressed and started supper.

I didn't have to worry about missing any phone calls or messages from my husband if I was out all day. He never called. He avoided using the phone. We didn't own an answering machine. We didn't have cable or satellite. We had a small TV, but it was mainly for watching the evening news. We have a computer only because he sometimes needs to work at home.

I accused him once of being a Luddite, only half kidding. He said that people were too hooked up, too tied in. They could never relax and calm down. Couples never talked anymore. They got home and ate a quick supper and then they watched a couple of sitcoms, a doctor show and a cop show. When their shows were over they went to bed without ever talking to each other and the next morning it was back to the grind.

So we didn't do that. We ate a leisurely supper. We read together and talked about what we read, or anything interesting that happened during the day, or something on the news. We talked about anything and everything. Most nights we also read from the bible and we prayed. We are good, honest, moral people.

Except that now I am a slut. A cunt! Oh god! What am I going to do?! I didn't even have any idea how many men had used me today. Worse yet, I had no idea when it would end.

I had supper ready at the usual time. The table was set. I heard his car entering the garage. Before he came in I thought, "Oh god, how can I kiss him when I have sucked the cocks of so many men today?!"

Despite my misgivings I managed to kiss him and put dinner on the table and get through some inane conversation without screaming that I had been gang raped by a bunch of bikers. I also avoided mentioning that it will probably happen again tomorrow, or very soon. Because now I am a slut and a cunt and a cocksucker and I can deepthroat.

It took all of my resolve not to break down and cry like a baby. I managed. But Jay could tell that something was bothering me. He asked if I was okay. He thought that I seemed a little quiet tonight.

"I'm just a little tired," I said.

We watched the news. We watched it mainly for the weather. The news itself didn't matter. We were going to vote Republican no matter what. That's just what we do. Our broker handled our investments so the market news didn't matter. Crimes and wars, poverty and a poor health care system didn't concern us. Global warming is just a myth. And even if it wasn't, god will take care of it.

After the news we turned the television off and read for a while. Jay got the bible out around 9:00 PM. But I told him that I was exhausted and just couldn't concentrate. So we got ready for bed and we prayed for a few minutes. We went to bed and Jay went right to sleep as usual. I lay staring at the ceiling for hours.

I kept looking at the clock and counting how many hours remained before I had to be at Snake's house in the morning. It was almost time to get up when I finally started drifting off to sleep. I ended up setting the alarm so that I could get almost two hours sleep.

I finally managed to get up and make my husband's breakfast. I was having a terrible time waking up and I had to gulp down the coffee. It was all that was keeping me going. Well, that and terror. It was going to be another long, horrible day.

After Jay left at 6:30 I had to hurry up and put all my cleaning supplies in the trunk of my car. I took a quick shower and put on one of those horrible slut outfits. I only had the two skirts and four tops. There was not a lot to choose from.

I chose not to wear the leather harness. Instead I selected a thin, loose crop top that exposed most of the lower portion of my breasts. I reasoned that it really didn't matter. I would be taking it off soon anyway. I got in the car and hurried to Snake's house, arriving with two minutes to spare.

I found out that he works nights. He had just gotten home. He was eating his dinner when I knocked. He yelled at me to come in. I set my cleaning supplies down just inside the door and went back out to get the rest.

When I had everything inside I took off my slut outfit and looked around, trying to decide where to start. This was far and away the dirtiest, nastiest, messiest house I had ever seen. I suppose it didn't really matter where I started.

I went into the kitchen to report to Snake. He was eating his ... I don't know what you would call it, breakfast or supper. He looked me over and smiled, happy with what he saw.

I asked if he had any special instructions. He said, "Yeah, I am going in and sack out for a while. I want you to work your cute little ass off. But do it quietly. You can use the vacuum in the kitchen and living room but save the hall for later. By the time I get up I expect that at the very least the kitchen, bathroom and living room with be spotless. If they aren't, well, that will be fun too.

I asked if he had a washer and dryer. He didn't, of course. That would have made things too easy. I started cleaning out the living room, getting ready to vacuum. It seemed strange to be doing all of this in the nude. Snake started back towards the bedroom and then paused and said, "You might as well come in and suck my cock before I go to sleep. I'll sleep better."

I put everything down and followed him to the bedroom. I almost got sick when I looked inside. There was filth everywhere. It looked like there had been an explosion in a used clothing store. There was soiled clothing piled everywhere, mostly jeans and t-shirts and underwear, all of it dirty. There were dirty towels and linens strewn about as well. The worst thing though, was the huge assortment of dirty dishes with food still in them piled under and around the bed. Their remained only a narrow pathway from the door to the bed. How could anyone live like this?!

Snake stripped his clothes off and threw them on the floor where they disappeared into the mounds of dirty clothes that preceded them. He stretched out on the filthy gray sheets. I couldn't even tell what color they had been originally! The smell was worse with every step I took into the room.

My first thought was, "What a fucking pig!" Then I thought, "I can't believe how quickly I have started thinking with those words!" Before yesterday I had never in my life used the word fuck.

I crawled onto the bed between his legs but he made me turn around so that he could play with my cunt. The smell from his moist, sweaty crotch was unbelievable. I doubted very much if he had taken a shower since I had first come here yesterday morning!

I hesitated for a moment, trying to remind myself that if I breathe through my mouth it won't be so bad. He let me know that he was waiting by tugging sharply on my pubic hair.

I took a deep breath and leaned down and licked his balls. I took each one into my mouth gently and sucked on it and massaged it with my tongue. I licked back up to his cock and licked it all over before taking it into my mouth. All the while I was working on his cock and balls he was fingering my cunt and my asshole, but idly, as if not really interested in them. That was just where his hand had come to rest.

I expected it to be harder to take him into my throat today. I was still sore from yesterday. I had taken some Tylenol before I left home and I squirted my throat with a throat spray. I had been pretty sure that I would have to suck his cock again and I wanted to make it as painless as possible.

I wouldn't say it was easy. But it was getting easier. I imagine the pre-medication helped. I was soon taking his cock into my throat. I found that it was much better to do it on my own than to be forced. I also got the impression that it was getting easier each time I did it. Practice makes perfect?

He lasted about ten minutes or so. I wasn't really timing it. After he came in my mouth I swallowed and licked him clean. Then I waited for him to dismiss me, or at least take his hand from my cunt so that I could get to work. I had a lot to do and I had no idea how much time I had to do it in.

He toyed with me a little longer. I began to fear that he would want me to do something else before he left me alone to get all of that housework done. But he pulled his hand from my cunt and slapped me on my ass and told me to quit fucking around and get to work. I hastily slipped out of bed. I went out and closed the door and hurried to finish cleaning up this health hazard he called a house before he could come up with some terrible punishment for me.

I decided to start with the tiny kitchen. It was so nasty that was hard to imagine he could eat anything prepared in that room without becoming ill. But it was so small that hopefully it wouldn't take as long to clean. Especially when you consider how many of the dishes are piled up in the bedroom.

I spent two hours cleaning the kitchen and I still wouldn't want to live there, or eat off of the floors. Compared to the way it was before I started, though, it was now like a sterile environment.

I finished picking up all the trash in the living room. I couldn't find the outside trash can. I didn't know if he even had one. I filled several bags with trash and then I shifted all of the furniture to one side of the room. I vacuumed the side I had cleared, stopping to empty the canister twice! Then I mixed up some Oxi-clean and water and got on my hands and knees and scrubbed the carpet by hand.

I was exhausted. I had almost no sleep last night and I was working like a dog in this pig sty of a house. But I didn't dare stop. I moved all of the furniture to the clean side and repeated the process on the other side. Then I put the furniture back the way I had found it. I avoided looking at the time. I didn't know what time he would be getting up and I didn't need the extra pressure right then.

I put the vacuum cleaner out of the way by the front door and gathered up my cleaning supplies and went into the bathroom. I started with the black and gray bathtub. I scrubbed and I scrubbed until the tub and the grout were very nearly white again. Well, maybe not white, but almost off-white, which was as close to white as it would ever be again.

I cleaned the toilet. I will do you the favor of not describing the condition in which I found it or the floor around it. Then the sink and finally I got on my knees and scrubbed the floor, twice, and then waxed it.

I was finally finished. I was still on the floor, hot and sweaty and exhausted, when Snake came into the room. He lifted the toilet seat and stood in front of the toilet as if I wasn't there staring at him in shock. He held his cock out, pointed it in the general direction of the toilet and let loose a strong stream of urine.

I had never seen a man urinate before. I'm sorry, I keep forgetting. I had never seen a man piss before. I was fascinated! And disgusted! Does he not see what he is doing?! Fuck!

I waited for him to finish so I could go back over those areas he had just sprayed. He finally came to the end of his stream and shook his cock to remove the last traces of piss from the end. Then he turned and started to stumble back to bed. He stopped on the way by me and stuck his cock in my face and mumbled sleepily, "Give it a little suck, baby."

I shuddered at the thought. You might think that, after plowing through this monster's filth all morning, this wouldn't faze me. But I had just watched him piss out of that thing! And I don't want to be overly critical, but he did not do a very good job of it!

I didn't want to get bitch slapped though. So I opened my mouth and took him in. I saw a drop of moisture clinging stubbornly to the end of his cock as he stood there pointing it at me. But I didn't taste anything, thank god.

After a few seconds he patted me on the head and went back to bed. I cleaned up the area around the toilet again and then I took up my supplies and moved them out of the room. I couldn't vacuum the hall with him sleeping. So I swept it quietly. And then I mopped it. Finally I dusted and polished the living room.

The only thing left was the bedroom, washing windows, and doing the laundry. I couldn't do the bedroom, he was sleeping in there. Most of his clothes were piled on the floor in there. So I cleaned all the windows on the inside that I could get to without disturbing Snake. I finally finished and took a deep breath.

I thought I might be able to get a little rest. Before I sat down I thought I had better recheck the areas I had cleaned first. I went into the kitchen. I saw things that should be done, like reline the cabinet shelves, throw away everything he owned. Stuff like that.

I looked carefully. But I couldn't find anything that he could say I should have done and didn't. I looked at the time and I was surprised to see that I had been working for seven hours straight! It was almost two in the afternoon. I didn't mind so much though. If I compared today with yesterday, today had been preferable.

I had just finished looking around when Snake came out of his room again. He looked around very carefully. I could tell that he thought he was going to find something to punish me for. Instead, he was actually impressed, and I was pretty sure that he was disappointed that he could find nothing to find fault with.

He bent me over the back of his recliner and spit on his fingers. He used that to moisten my cunt and then he fucked me furiously. When he was finished he let me clean him with my mouth and then he said, "I'm disappointed. You did a good job. Tomorrow you can do the bedroom and laundry. Get here at the same time. Now put some clothes on and get the hell out of here."

I was actually counting myself lucky. I was getting out of here after only having to perform one blowjob and getting fucked only once. It looked like tomorrow would be much the same. In fact, if I gathered all of his laundry and took it to my house I would be safe and alone for most of the day!

I suppose that was me being a stupid cunt again.

Home « Vulgus's Page « I Belong to Snake Now Index « Previous - Settings
Chapter 4
Posted: September 19, 2008 - 11:19:16 am

The next morning I showed up at the appointed time. Snake was eating breakfast when I got there. He told me he was going to sleep on the couch. I was to clean his room and do the laundry. He handed me a large bag of coins but I said, "That's alright, Sir. I can take the laundry to my house and do it for free."

"Yeah, you wish. Stupid cunt! You are going to go to the Laundromat at Main and Dorchester. You wear your slut clothes. While you are there you can't say no to anyone. If a man puts his hand on your ass, or on your tit, you let him. In fact, you smile at him. If he tells you to suck his cock or bend over so he can fuck you, you do that too. I have arranged for at least one of my friends to check on you. I guess you already know you don't want to piss me off. Right?"

"Yes Sir." I said, trying desperately to hide my disappointment.

I quickly went through his bedroom and removed all of the dirty dishes and piled them in the sink for later. Then I sorted the laundry. I was certain that there was no way I could wash all of these clothes today!

I cleaned the bedroom, swept and mopped the floor. I dusted. I stripped the bed. I turned over the mattress, but it was just as disgusting on the other side. Finally I loaded all of the laundry into my car. I had three baskets and four laundry bags. I was on my way out to the car with my last load when he stopped me.

"You want me to sleep well don't you?"

I knew where this was going of course. "Yes Sir. What can I do to help, Sir?"

"I'm too tired to fuck you. So get your ass over here and blow me."

"Yes Sir."

I guess I am getting better. Or it's getting easier, whatever. I was soon on my way to the designated laundromat with the taste of cum in my mouth.

I parked and looked around. This is definitely not the area of town I would have chosen! I decided the only way to do this was a couple of loads at a time. I suspected there would be distractions. If things were going well I could come out and get more laundry out of the car as time and available machines permitted.

I took the largest basket in with me and filled three machines. I had brought my own detergent, bleach and softener. I put the coins in and started the washers.

There were four other people in the room, four men. They seemed to be together. They were all watching me, but I was trying very hard not to meet anyone's eyes. I sat down as far from the men as possible and tried to read my magazine. After reading the same sentence a dozen times I just stared at the page and waited for the washers to stop.

I suppose it was inevitable. This part of town, the way I am dressed. I doubted if any of these four men were friends with Snake. But I couldn't be sure. Unfortunately I had a feeling that I was about to be tested. Out of the corner of my eye I saw one of the men approaching. He sat in the seat beside me and asked, "Hey, baby! What are you reading?"

So far it's okay. Just talk. He was just making conversation. It was just an innocent question.

"I was just reading the latest issue of "Good Housekeeping" I answered politely. Not trying to send any messages at all. I tried very hard to just be neutral. He was looking at my tiny skirt that didn't even really cover my crotch at all. He couldn't see anything. The magazine was covering my lap. He could see how short it was though.

The top I was wearing was similar to the crop top I wore yesterday, except that this one said, "Pussy Galore!" on it. It had come down to a choice between this or the leather bra. When I left my house this morning I had been sure that I would be spending most of the day at my house doing laundry. I hadn't really been concerned about my outfit since I only expected to wear it for a brief time. Now I was concerned.

"I like your outfit," he said. I finally had to take a look at him. He definitely didn't look like the biker type. But that didn't mean anything. He could be someone's friend, or brother. I can't say no!

I don't have any other option. I have to be polite. I finally said, "Thank you." I tried to turn back to my magazine but he wasn't finished trying to pick me up yet.

"I haven't seen you in here before. Is this your first time?" he asked.

"Yes, I am doing some laundry for a friend and he lives near here."

"Did he buy you that shirt?"

"Yes. It was a present from him."

"Did he buy you that skirt too?"

"Yes."

"Don't look like he could afford to buy you any underwear though. That's a shame. I bet you would look good in some sexy underwear."

I didn't know what to do. "Thank you, I think," was all that came to mind.

I watched as his hand reached out and touched my leg. I shivered. Fear, dread, revulsion, I don't know which. I just kept staring at my magazine.

With a sickening feeling in my stomach I remembered Snake's orders and I looked up and smiled at the man touching my leg.

"You have beautiful skin," he said. "Beautiful hair. Beautiful body. You are just about perfect, ain't ya?" As he talked, his hand moved up my leg. All I could do was smile.

To make matters worse the other three men had gathered around and were watching in awe as their friend started feeling up the attractive redhead that they were all lusting after. All I could do was smile.

Just as the hand on my leg reached the hem of my skirt, one of the other men sat down on the other side of me. He didn't say anything. At first he just watched his buddy, who now had his hand on the bare skin under my skirt, less than an inch from my cunt. All I could do was smile.

Since I was obviously easy, the man on the other side of me reached out and casually put his hand on my tit. When I smiled at him he lifted the crop top up over my tits and started squeezing and mauling me freely. The two that were not molesting me were making nasty comments and urging them on. All I could do was smile.

The first man reached for my magazine and pulled it out of my hands. Then he lifted my little skirt and there were oohs and aahs. They all were fascinated by my bright red pubic hair. There was no pretending now. They all knew that they were going to get laid by the slutty redhead.

I was pulled to my feet and my top and skirt were stripped off in seconds. Then I was pushed to my knees and as soon as I was bent forward I had a cock in my cunt and another in my mouth. Fortunately they came just as my washing machines stopped. I talked the next two into letting me put my clothes in the dryer before they fucked me. Once they had all had their turn they all went around again, using the opposite hole this time. All I could do was smile.

I managed to get them to help me with the laundry though. With their help I finished much earlier than I thought I would. Before I left, they each used me one more time. When they had each had another turn cumming in whichever orifice they preferred they helped me carry the laundry out to my car.

There was no restroom in the laundromat. I used some tissue to clean up a little before I got in my car. Then I drove back to Snake's house, fighting back the tears all the way.

I was careful going in to avoid waking him but he was already up. He took one look at me and laughed his ass off. He made me tell him all of the gory details.

I gave him the blow by blow, and then he was hard so I had to blow him too. He looked at his watch and said, "Damn, baby. My friend is going to be pissed! He isn't supposed to check on you for another hour yet!"

FUCK!

I cleaned myself up a little. Then I put out clean towels and put the other clean clothes away. I made the bed and then washed all of the dishes I had taken from his bedroom this morning. I also rinsed out my skirt which was covered with cum on the inside.

It was getting late and I would have to leave soon. I was waiting for Snake to use me again so I could leave. But he was on the phone and ignoring me. I had to leave soon to start supper and I was getting worried. I saw a car pull up outside and I glanced at Snake. He nodded towards the door and I went to answer it.

Answering the door in the nude is something I don't think I could ever get used to. I opened the door and invited the couple in. It was a man and woman who I hadn't seen before. They found me fascinating though.

Snake finally hung up and I found out that these were the two that were supposed to check up on me at the laundromat. He told them what had happened and they all had a good laugh. Then the woman sat down and pulled her skirt up and said, "How would you like something to take the taste of all that cum out of your mouth darlin'?"

I figured that this was coming eventually. But god it was hard. I tried not to think about what my pastor had said about this kind of thing as I crossed the room and knelt between her legs. I started doing all of the things I had enjoyed so much when Snake did them to me a couple of days ago. She seemed to appreciate them too.

While I was preoccupied I felt her companion kneel behind me and soon he was fucking my sore pussy violently.

Why in the hell are all of these guys so violent?! Don't any of them ever make love? Not that I wanted to make love to any of them.

I had cum many times in the Laundromat. I was pretty worn out. So I just provided the couple with orgasms and then I looked at Snake to see if I could leave. It was past time and he nodded. I ran to the bathroom and wiped my cunt and my face. I hurried back to the living room for my skirt and crop top and rushed home. As I was leaving, Snake told me to be there at the same time tomorrow.

I took another quick shower when I got home and then I started supper. It suddenly occurred to me that I had not checked my email since I read the last one which ordered me to report to Snake's house for what turned out to be one of the worst days of my life, so far.

I went into the computer room and stood looking at it for a few minutes. I figured the worst had already happened. I can at least check for email from friends and relatives.

I booted up the computer and went straight to email. I had several dozen emails. Half were spam. Most of the rest were just forwarded jokes from friends. Two were from Snake.

I dreaded it. But I knew that I had to do it. I opened the first one. There was no text. There were only pictures from my first day with him. Horrible pictures of me, naked and surrounded by so many semi-naked men, sucking cocks, and fucking.

I opened the second email and it was more of the same. I suppose he was just taunting me. Or he was reminding me that I wasn't a woman anymore. I was just a cunt now.

I somehow got through another evening with Jay without breaking down. I was so exhausted that I was almost asleep before my head hit the pillow. This time I got a full night's sleep despite the upheaval in my life.

I saw Jay off to work the next morning and then I quickly showered and got ready. I had to rinse out the skirts I was allowed to wear every other day. But now I was down to the fourth and last top. It was that slutty leather harness.

I put it on and managed to cover my nipples, though not very much of my areolae, with the straps that came down across the center of my breasts for that purpose. Unfortunately, my nipples only remained covered as long as I didn't move. I didn't have to be a brain surgeon to realize that the purpose of this garment was not to protect my modesty.

I arrived at Snake's house on time and he yelled at me to come in. He was eating breakfast and I cleaned up the house while he ate. I finished up the other rooms pretty quickly and then I did the dishes. He watched me moving around his house in the nude while he ate.

I guess he enjoyed the view. When he was finished eating he took me into the bedroom and raped me again for a little while. I sucked him clean when he was done. Once I had cleaned him adequately he got up and picked up a small package from his dresser.

He handed me the package and told me to open it. I knew that, whatever it was, if it was from him I wouldn't like it. I opened it carefully. I held up the contents, but I couldn't tell what it was. It was just a handful of string and a strange strip of almost transparent cloth. I figured that it had to be some article of clothing of the slut genre. But I could not for the life of me figure out what it was or how you would wear it.

"God," Snake said as he watched me. "Sometimes the stupid just oozes out of you. It's a fucking Wicked Weasel! Don't you know anything?!"

"It's a fucking swimming suit! Here, look." Snake pulled a piece of paper out of the bag that I hadn't noticed. It was the directions for wearing the suit. I cringed when I looked at the illustration.

"Put the damned thing on, stupid! Be careful. They don't make it in this style anymore. Those things are hard to find. Now they just make bikinis. Nice ones though. Maybe we'll get you one of those next."

I straightened out the tiny piece of cloth and looked closely at the instructions. Then I stepped into the thing and pulled it on. It covered almost nothing. The two thin strips of cloth came up over my chest and fastened behind my neck. They were no wider than my nipples and they were semi transparent. The lower portion, from where the two front strips came together, a narrow piece of thin material, went down over my cunt and through the crack of my ass and tied around my waist. My ass was completely uncovered. When I moved, the part that was, I'm guessing here, supposed to cover my pussy, kept slipping inside of me, exposing my labia. The straps over my nipples didn't feel very stable either.

Snake liked it. He seemed particularly amused by how wet the crotch was as his cum leaked out of my cunt and soaked through it. He looked me all over, took a couple of pictures, and then he said, "There is a lawnmower out behind the house. I want you to mow the lawn now. Mow the front and back and both sides. Do the front first."

I looked down at my body, I was all but naked and wearing fuck me shoes. Not good.

I said, "Yes Sir," and went out back. I found the lawnmower against the house where he said it would be. It was an old manual push mower, rusty and dull. The grass had not been cut in at least two weeks. It was going to be another hard day.

I tried out the mower as I pushed it to the front yard. Once I got it moving it wasn't too bad, but this was going to be hard work. I moved around front and started at the curb. I had to keep stopping to put the suit top back over my nipples. That really slowed me down.

Within ten minutes I noticed that people in this neighborhood were more attuned to what was going on around them than I had at first thought. First a man set up a lawn chair across the street and sat down with a drink to watch me work. Soon a neighbor joined him. By the time I finished mowing the front lawn there were nearly a dozen men and several women watching me mow Snake's grass. The houses were close together around here. The front yards were small and the side yards were narrow. Thankfully after a little less than an hour I was working in the backyard without an audience.

It took me almost two hours from start to finish. I was covered in sweat when I finished. I went to the door and took off my slut shoes and cleaned them and cleaned the grass clippings from my legs and feet before I went in.

Snake was sitting in the living room with his neighbor from across the street. The neighbor was an old guy. I would guess he was in his mid sixties. He was almost as wide as he was tall. When I came into the room Snake told me that the neighbors were complaining about the outfit I was wearing to do yard work in.

"Good," I thought. Maybe I won't have to do that again. Yes, I know what you are thinking right here, "Stupid cunt!" Right.

"Why don't you come over here and apologize to Mr. Steadman for offending him."

I moved over in front of Mr. Steadman and started to speak but Snake interrupted. "You stupid cunt! Cunts apologize on their knees."

Of course they did! What could I possibly have been thinking!

I sank to my knees and looked up at the leering old man and said, "I am terribly sorry for offending you this morning Mr. Steadman. Is there anything I can do to make it up to you?"

"I think there just might be," he said. "First, why don't you slip that thing off of your tits so I can see them better?"

I reached behind my neck and freed the straps and let them go. Then I untied the string around my waist and went ahead and took the whole thing off. It was serving no purpose. In fact, it appeared that its work was done.

Mr. Steadman reached out and cupped my tits in his pudgy little hands and played with them gently for a minute or two. Then he leaned back and asked me to pull his pants down. I obeyed without hesitation and soon I had uncovered his nice sized but still soft cock.

"I can't get a hard on because of the medications I am on," he said. "But I can still cum in your mouth if you suck me real good young lady."

Isn't that just swell!

I leaned forward and took his cock into my mouth. It was kind of refreshing in a way. It was actually clean! I worked at it for a very long time. I couldn't take it into my throat because it was too soft. Trust me. I wasn't disappointed. But I sucked hard and enthusiastically and finally he grabbed my head in both hands and held on while a thin, watery, very bitter stream oozed into my mouth. I swallowed quickly and then I licked his cock clean.

He patted my head as if I was a fucking dog and told me what a good girl I was.

Snake said, "It's good to keep the neighbors happy so that when you have parties they don't complain as much."

I was sent to take a shower. Before I got cleaned up I cleaned the bathroom up again. Was this man raised by animals?! Snakes maybe? I giggled at that. Then I got in the shower and cleaned up and rinsed out the stupid weasel thing. When I couldn't put it off any longer I went back out to the living room.

Mr. Steadman looked at me coming into the room naked and said with a sigh, "Christ, I wish I was younger. I would love a piece of that little girl."

Snake told me to put my outfit back on. We were going out for a beer.

I went to the bedroom and found my little skirt and halter bra and put them on. I strapped the fuck me shoes onto my feet and went back to the living room.

We went out to the bike. Snake got on and I reluctantly climbed on behind him. I put my arms on Snake's waist and hung on.

As soon as we started moving the vibrations caused my nipples to be uncovered and the breeze blew my skirt up. I just ignored all that and held on. Oh, speaking of vibrations. The things that they say about riding on a Harley are true. Once I knew I wasn't going to fall off and I wasn't so terrified, the vibrations are actually kind of nice.

He took me back to the same bar that he had taken me to last time. We went into the bar side this time but when Larry saw us come in he called to Snake. We detoured over to the clothing side and Larry informed Snake that he had some interesting new items.

Larry led us into the clothing racks and we took a look at them. One was a new skirt. It was the same length as the one I had on now, except it was more like a loincloth. Both sides were open to the waist and there was a gap of almost three inches of bare flesh down both sides. Snake liked it.

I took off the one I was wearing and put the new one on. "Yeah, the guys are going to like this," I thought. My sides were bare except for the one inch elastic band at the waist. So we got two of them.

One of the new tops was a halter top that tied around my neck and around my torso, just under by tits. My tits were covered by a thin mesh weave that was see-through.

The next was a top in a style similar to the skirt. It had a hole that my head went through and a flap that hung down in front just far enough to cover my nipples from the top and the side. There was a string tie that came out from the bottom corners of the front and it tied together behind my back. Even when it was in place and resting flat the sides of my breasts were exposed. I turned sideways and I saw in the mirror that my nipple was easily seen from that angle.

Then Larry said, "One more thing. You are gonna like this Snake." He led us to a different area and held up a tiny slip. Not a slip dress, a slip. The material and workmanship were beautiful. It had a lace design on it. The sides were transparent, including the area that would cover the sides of the breasts. It was really pretty. It just wasn't the sort of think you wore as an outer garment. Well, it wasn't unless you belonged to Snake. I took off my top and my skirt and put the slip on carefully. It seemed so delicate. I looked in the mirror and it truly was beautiful.

"Okay," Snake said, "We'll take it. What can we work out?"

Larry said, "Altogether this comes to right at $100. You let me have your cunt for a few minutes now, and again the next time you come in here and we are even."

Snake didn't hesitate. He had Larry put everything in the bag except for the slip I had on. He made me take off the slip and hand it to him. He told me to do whatever Larry wanted until he was done with me and then to go clean up in the ladies room. Then I was to go and find him in the bar to get my new dress back.

As soon as Snake left with all of my clothes, Larry took me in his arms and kissed me roughly. His hands were all over me. He rudely ground his cock into me and I could feel his cock growing in his pants.

He molested me for a couple of minutes and then he put a "Back in 15 minutes" sign on the door. He grabbed my wrist and led me to a store room in the back. I don't know why. I had already been gang raped just inside the front door.

As soon as we stepped inside the store room he took his pants off. He roughly pushed me to my knees and stood in front of me with his hard cock throbbing just inches from my mouth.

I took his cock into my mouth and he started talking about what a fantastic cocksucker I was and how much he loved my hot cunt the last time I came in. While I sucked on his cock he twisted and pulled on my tits. Then he pulled his cock out of my mouth and turned me around and made me bend over. He ran his hands over my ass for a minute then he spread my cheeks and started licking my asshole!

Nobody had ever done that before! It was humiliating. But even so, I was surprised at how good it felt. I was too stupid to realize why he was doing it!

He ate my ass for a few minutes. Then he straightened back up for a minute and suddenly I felt his finger on my asshole. It was cold and wet. He pushed his finger into me and slid it in and out for a few moments. Then he repeated the process with two fingers.

As he sawed his fingers in and out of me he asked, "Is this your first time slut?"

I didn't know what he meant. Then it became crystal clear. "Am I the first guy to fuck your sweet ass?"

That got my attention!

"What?! No! Wait! That isn't right! You can't do that! I never do that! Oh god, please no!"

I struggled a little but he held on tight and said, "You want me to tell Snake I had a problem with you, cunt?"

"No," I whispered. I relaxed and waited for the pain to start.

Larry pulled his fingers out of my asshole and wiped them on my ass. I was terrified and every muscle in my body was tensed up as he lined his cock up and started forcing it into me. He pushed and pushed and finally the head popped through. I squealed in pain and Larry moaned in ecstasy.

Once he had the head of his cock buried in my ass he started slowly pushing, forcing more and more of it into my ass. God it hurt!

His moans and groans of pleasure made it even worse. Finally I could feel that his cock was buried all the way in my ass. His big stomach was slapping loudly and painfully into the cheeks of my ass as he started fucking me. At one point he pulled me up and roughly mauled my breasts with one hand and with the other he rubbed my pussy while he sawed his cock in and out of my ass.

The pain had started to become bearable. Or I was getting numb. I'm not sure which. When he started to do that it actually kind of felt good! He probably wasn't doing it for my benefit though and after a few minutes he pushed me back down and grabbed my hips and started pumping hard and moaning and groaning. I was afraid he was having a heart attack.

I felt him start to quiver and I knew that he was shooting his cum in my ass. He held me still for a minute. Then he let my hips go and I fell forward. He grabbed me and turned me around and kissed me and told me that had been the best fuck he had ever had. Then he kissed me passionately one last time before he pushed me down and made me suck his cock clean.

Asshole!

I sucked is cock clean. It wasn't as bad as it sounds. Mostly it just tasted like lubricant. It was flavored, I think it was vanilla. He stood up and dressed. I headed for the door and steeled myself for the naked stroll through the bar to the ladies room. I clenched my asshole shut as I walked to keep the mess to a minimum.

As soon as I went through the connecting door into the bar the catcalls and whistles started. They followed me all the way down to the ladies room. I sat on the toilet and expelled as much of Larry's cum as I could.

When the cum stopped draining I stood up and went to the sink and washed myself with paper towels. While I was washing a woman came in. She glanced at me, nodded and smiled. Like this happens every day! Weird.

I went out and spotted Snake at the bar. I made my way over to him, not even trying to avoid the hands of the guys at the tables. It was starting not to matter.

I stood beside Snake at the bar. He interrupted his conversation with the woman that had helped me clean up the last time I had been in here to ask me how it went.

As matter-of-factly as possible I said, "He fucked my ass. It was my first time. It hurts."

They both smiled and then went back to talking, ignoring me. I would have liked a drink. But I was afraid to ask, afraid of what I might have to do to get it. Besides, it was getting late. We would have to go soon. I needed to get home before long. Still, while I was waiting it would have been nice if I had something to wear. It is uncomfortable being the only naked person in the room. Every time someone walked by they grabbed my ass.

Snake finally gave me the slip to put on. Actually, it wasn't so bad. My tits were mostly covered and it was no shorter than anything else I had been forced to wear for their amusement lately.

When I was dressed we walked out to the bike. I put the bag between us and held on for dear life as he sped back to his house. We went inside and I took off the slip. Snake ordered me to bend over and spread my ass open. He took a look at my asshole and said, "Yeah, coming right along. Let him fuck you a couple more times and stretch you out a little. Then it'll be my turn."

"Yes Sir," I said.

Have I mentioned what a large cock Snake has? I wasn't looking forward to that.

Snake bent me over the chair again and fucked me with all of the passion he probably displayed when he went to the bathroom. That's all it was to him. It was just another bodily function. Then he let me put the slip back on. He gave me the bag of clothes I had paid for with my ass today and let me go home. I was ordered back at the same time tomorrow.
Chapter 5
Home - Top Feedback to author


Home « Vulgus's Page « I Belong to Snake Now Index « Previous - Settings
Chapter 5
Posted: September 19, 2008 - 11:19:16 am

I showed up in the morning and Snake had, as usual, just gotten home from work. He made me suck him off, clean up the house and then said I would be done for the day. That was great news. I was really getting behind on my own housework.

I was home by ten that morning and spent the day doing my laundry and cleaning house. I also went shopping for groceries. I felt tired at the end of the day. I felt better for having my chores done though.

The next day was more of the same. It seems I had been wearing Snake out. He wasn't getting enough sleep. So until he was rested I was there more for the housework than the blowjob, although he seemed to really enjoy the blowjob.

Once I finished Snake's housework on Friday I was free for the weekend. The last two days had been bearable, at least when compared to the preceding days. Now I had the weekend to spend with Jay.

He was all excited when he got home. He was going to Atlanta the week after next for his company. It was a great opportunity and I was so excited for him. I begged him to take me with him. If Snake found out that I was home alone for and entire week, nine days actually, my life would be hell.

I knew, of course, there was no way for Snake to find out. I sure as hell wasn't going to tell him! Still, a week without having to suck his nasty cock and clean his nasty house would have been nice.

Jay said that we couldn't do it though. His company was putting him in a room with someone else. We couldn't afford my travel expenses at the moment. So I was going to have to stay behind and spend my weekdays with Snake.

The weekend flew by. After church, as I was sitting in the car on the way home, it occurred to me that I was the only one that was aware of the changes that were taking place in my life. Nobody I had talked to was aware that I had been gang raped. Or that I go to Snakes house every morning and suck his cock. Or that I have a supply of slut clothes hidden in my closet. Nobody else saw the changes in me. But I did.

On Monday morning I checked my email after Jay went to work. I had a message from Snake telling me to be there at the usual time. I quickly showered and put on one of the hideous new skirt/loincloths. I couldn't stand any of the tops either, so I closed my eyes and picked one. It didn't really matter.

I hated both of the articles of clothing that I had chosen. The top I had selected at random was disgusting. I started to put it back in the closet but I realized that I would hate any of the others just as much. So I put on the one I had picked up at random. It was the one that was nothing more than a flap of cloth that went over my head, marginally covered my nipples and tied behind my back, exposing my breasts almost completely from the sides.

I turned from side to side in front of the mirror. It wasn't so much that my breasts were exposed every time I moved that bothered me. What really bothered me was that I didn't seem to mind as much anymore. I actually thought it looked sexy! When I realized what I was thinking I was dismayed that I could think like that.

When it was time, I went out to the car and drove to Snake's house. I went to the door and knocked. I entered when he gave me permission. The first thing I saw when I entered the house was the mess. How could a person make such a huge mess in just one weekend? There were beer cans and bottles everywhere. On nearly every flat surface there were empty or half empty plates. There were cigarette butts in everything! I guess the problem is that Snake and his friends just really aren't housebroken.

Snake had already eaten and was sitting in his recliner looking at me as I took off my clothes. All he said was, "Same as last time cunt. Give me some of that good head and clean this fucking mess up."

I dropped to my knees in front of him and sucked his cock. I was surprised at how easy it was getting. I was also surprised that I was kind of enjoying it! No, that isn't quite right. I wasn't enjoying it. But it excited me. It didn't even hurt when I took him into my throat anymore. When he finally came I swallowed quickly and waited for him to push me away.

He started to get up but I thought it would be better if I could get to his bedroom and at least straighten it up a little before he went to bed. So I timidly spoke up, "Sir, may I speak?"

He looked at me, he looked annoyed at me for having the temerity to even ask, but he asked impatiently, "What?"

"Please Sir. Let me straighten up your bedroom and put clean sheets out for you before you go to bed. It will only take a few minutes, I'll hurry." If I was going to be doing all of his damned housework I didn't want his bedroom to get back like it was before.

He looked at me for a minute and then decided it might be a good idea. He sat back down and I grabbed some cleaning supplies from the kitchen and a fresh set of sheets and hurried to his bedroom.

It was a mess! I worked as fast as I could and just got the worst of it. Then I changed the sheets and went back out to the living room and told him his bed was ready. He stood and went back to the bedroom and closed the door.

I set about cleaning the house. How could someone possibly make this much of a mess in two days?! I had stocked up on cleaning supplies and I had even found that Snake owned an old, barely adequate vacuum cleaner. It was stuck in the back of a closet and just needed some bags. I cleaned the house thoroughly again. By 11:30 I was ready to go home. I was just about to get dressed when Mr. Steadman from across the street knocked at the door.

I had not seen him approach and I was startled. I hurriedly opened the door and he smiled when he saw me standing there naked.

"Snake is in bed, Mr. Steadman," I said quietly.

Mr. Steadman nodded and said, "I know. I spoke to him yesterday and he said I could come over anytime I felt like getting you to suck my cock again."

For some reason I didn't like sucking off this pathetic little fat man. I mean, Christ! He can't even get a hard on!

Oh my! That's twice since I met Snake that I have used the lord's name in vain! Or more, I hardly noticed it anymore.

I stepped back from the door and he came in. He unbuttoned his pants and dropped them to his knees and sat down on the couch. I started to kneel at his feet but instead he positioned me at his side and made me bend over. That way he could play with my body while I sucked his cock.

I took his limp cock into my mouth and sucked as well as you can suck a cock that doesn't get hard. It would twitch in my mouth occasionally. He would moan in pleasure as he moved his hands over my body. It was repulsive, but it didn't take long before I felt a weak stream of watery liquid being pumped into my mouth. It didn't seem quite as bitter as the first time. Maybe I was priming the pump for the old fart.

Mr. Steadman left quickly and I dressed and drove home. I took another shower and brushed my teeth for a very long time.

After my shower I dried off and I did my own housework. It didn't take long and soon I was sitting around thinking about Snake. I was picturing myself in the slut clothes and being taken to the biker bar. I imagined what I looked like to those ugly bikers as I walked around the bar in the nude. I even thought about Snake letting men have sex with me for money to buy more slut clothes. I don't think I even realized that I was rubbing my pussy until I was having an orgasm! I couldn't believe what I had just done!

As I sat there, shocked at my own behavior, something else struck me. I had been cleaning my own house in the nude! What was Snake turning me into?!

I needed to do something to occupy my mind. I went into the computer room and checked my email. My husband had emailed me a copy of his schedule for his trip to Atlanta next week. He was leaving Saturday so that he could be there Sunday morning for the prayer breakfast. They would be working through the following Saturday. So he wouldn't be home until the following Sunday evening.

We had never been separated before and at first I was nervous. Once I got used to the idea though, I thought it might be nice to have some quiet time for a little reflection. Until last week, when I became Snake's cunt, my entire life revolved around Jay and the house. And the lord of course. They were all that I thought about. Lately my horizons were being broadened. I could use a little time to try to bring a little sanity back into my life.

I was just about to turn the computer off again when I received another email from Snake. It contained more incriminating pictures of me. Most of them had been taken at the bar. A couple of the pictures just showed me walking around among all of the customers in the nude. But most of them showed me having sex with someone, or two someones.

I took another quick shower and dressed and started supper. When Jay came home we ate. Most of the conversation was about his trip. I wasn't really happy about that subject so I was kind of quiet. He knew how I felt and he sensed that it was making me sad so finally he changed the subject.

I found it incomprehensible that after all that I had been through, he could not look at me and tell the difference. Later that night, when we went to bed we made love. But I couldn't enjoy it.

First I was afraid he would be able to tell the difference when he entered me. When I finally realized that he couldn't, I tried to relax and just enjoy some pleasant love making. But for some reason it just wasn't as exciting as it used to be! I was very upset with Snake for undermining this very important part of my relationship with my husband. As I lay there though, waiting for my husband to have an orgasm, I couldn't decide if the difference was mental of physical.

When Jay finally had his quiet little orgasm I almost bent down to clean him with my mouth automatically! That would have been interesting!

Instead I got up and went to the bathroom and cleaned myself. Then I went back to bed and lay awake for the longest time thinking about my reaction to my husband's lovemaking.

Was I just becoming jaded? Did I need to be humiliated or raped to enjoy sex now? Did it have to be violent to be exciting? Oh god I hoped not.

I checked my email in the morning and there was a message from Snake. He was going to bed early. I was to come and clean up the house, mow the lawn again, wearing the same outfit, and then take a shower and wait for him to get up.

I put on the other new miniskirt, the translucent halter top and the slut shoes and drove to his house. I undressed at the door and cleaned the house quickly. It wasn't as bad after just one night.

The weasel suit was hanging on a hook just inside the door. I put it on and went out and located the mower. It wasn't where I left it last time. I noticed that someone had oiled it and sharpened the blades. It was much easier to use this time. Not easy, just easier. I pushed it around front and I saw that Mr. Steadman knew I was going to be out there. He was already set up in his lawn chair, as were a few of his friends.

I waived at them before I started, but then I ignored them and concentrated on my mowing. After a few minutes I gave up trying to keep my nipples covered and just mowed. I kept telling myself, "Get this over with. Once you are in the back yard it won't matter."

I mowed as fast as I could. I finished the front and sides quickly. Then I did the back at a more leisurely pace. I put the lawnmower back and brushed the clippings off of my legs and my shoes. I went inside and took a shower. While I was showering I rinsed out the weasel and hung it on a towel rack to dry.

After my shower I went out to the living room. It was almost noon now. I heard movement in the back of the house. Snake came out and went into the bathroom. He didn't close the door and I heard the loud stream of urine in the toilet. He flushed the toilet and then I heard the shower running.

When he came out of the bathroom he looked at me and then waived me into the bedroom after him. He never said a word when I got there. He turned me around and pushed me onto the bed on my back. He got between my legs and started kissing and licking my pussy. It was devastating to me that before very long at all I was having that orgasm that my husband had not been able to give me last night. He ate me to two orgasms then he got up on his knees. He played with my pubic hair for a moment and finally spoke.

"You are the first cunt I ever had that I didn't make shave her cunt. I get a kick out of that bright red hair." Then he smiled and said, "So do my friends."

Then he fell onto me and started fucking me hard. At first I grunted with the force of his thrusts. But soon my grunts were groans and moans of pleasure. I don't remember doing it. But I suddenly realized my arms were around him holding him tight and I was cumming again! He just kept pounding into me and before long I came yet again.

Then it was his turn. He came loudly and violently as usual. When he rolled off of me I took his slimy cock in my mouth and cleaned him. Then he told me to clean myself up and then go out to the living room and get dressed.

I rushed to the bathroom and cleaned myself. Then I went out to where my clothes hung near the front door to dress. I didn't want to make him wait for me. I dressed quickly. It doesn't take long when all you have is a halter and a loincloth.

Snake came out in his usual jeans and t-shirt. He grabbed my arm and pushed me out the door. Soon we were on his bike and riding. We went to the same place he always went and Snake took me to Larry and told him that I was here for the other half of the payment I owed.

"I OWED!!!!"

I didn't want those damned clothes!

Larry hung his closed sign on the door and dragged me back to the store room again. This time Snake followed with the camera.

As soon as we were in the room I undressed. I didn't even need to be told. Larry took off his clothes and I knelt in front of him and started sucking and licking and making him hard and wet.

After several minutes he put me on my hands and knees and repeated the process he went through last time. First he ate my ass. Then he lubed it and stretched it out a little. Then he fucked my ass like a damned rabbit. When he got to that part when he was holding me upright and my tits were bouncing around wildly and his hands were mauling me I came! I actually had an orgasm with someone fucking my ass! I was so surprised I almost missed it when Larry came.

He pulled out and I turned around and bent down and started licking and sucking him clean. As I worked I felt snake behind me. I guess he thought I was ready for his much larger cock.

I guess he was right. It hurt, but it also felt good. It was painful, and humiliating and disgusting and I came again! When I opened my eyes I saw that Mickey was recording the entire thing with the video camera. I looked right into the lens and I came again.

Larry took over the camera and Mickey started undressing. I thought he was going to try my ass out after Snake was done but I was wrong. He didn't wait. Instead, he knelt in front of me and lined his cock up with my cunt and shoved it in all the way in one vicious stroke.

I screamed loudly as he impaled me. I was already full of cock. Snake still had his cock buried in my ass! I didn't think I could take this. They struggled for a few moments before they got a rhythm going. I realized as they worked together that they had done this before. You cannot believe how good it felt once they started working together and got a steady rhythm going. I began screaming loudly and having one orgasm right after another until I actually passed out.

I don't know how long I was out. When I came back to my senses I was lying on my back and they were all watching someone I didn't know and hadn't seen before fucking my unconscious body. I looked at them and I looked at the man fucking me. Then I put my arms and legs around him and fucked him like mad until we both came.

But there is no rest for the wicked. When the stranger got off of me I got up and cleaned everyone up. A woman's work is never done you know.

I was told to run to the ladies room and clean myself up and then come back. We all filed out of the storeroom and I rushed, still naked of course, to the ladies room again. As always there were the whistles and catcalls. When I finished cleaning myself up and got back to where Snake was waiting for me, the guy that had just fucked me was looking through the racks of slut clothes. It seems that in return for fucking my unconscious body he had agreed to buy me a new item of clothing, but he got to see me wear it until we left the bar.

I stood naked and waiting and finally the guy picked out a very expensive item. He could have picked out something inexpensive and transparent. The place was full of that kind of thing. He already had something in mind though and he pointed out a leather and chain bra. It consisted of leather straps everywhere you might normally expect to find a strap on a bra. But instead of material covering my breasts there were just loose, widely spaced lengths of thin chain. My nipples stuck straight out and the chain kind of hung to the sides. I might as well be topless.

He looked it over once I had it on and as he twisted my nipples he said, "Nice effect. I like it!" He paid Larry and after I put my skirt back on we went into the bar for a few drinks.

While we sat at a table having a couple of beers, men would come over every now and then and talk to Snake. They would always take the time to admire my nipples sticking out, and to pinch or pull on them. One guy even bit one.

It started getting late. We had been in the bar for a while. I was starting to worry about getting back in time to beat my husband home. Snake finally stood up and led me out to the bike and we rode home. I didn't even think about putting on the halter top I had been wearing when we arrived. Being exposed in public was getting to be a pretty normal state of affairs now.

When we got to Snake's house we went inside and he hooked his camera up to the TV and made me suck his cock while he watched today's movie. He made me turn to the side so that I could see it too.

I know it's terrible. It was very humiliating. But what really upset me was that I got so turned on watching those men rape me. I really am sexy!

Snake finally came again. He let me up and I started to get dressed. Before I finished putting my clothes on, Mr. Steadman knocked on the door. I looked at Snake, hoping that he would let me go. He just smiled so I put my skirt back on the hook and let Mr. Steadman in and sucked his cock for him. Once I had swallowed his load of thin, watery cum I got dressed and hurried home.

The rest of the week wasn't too bad. We returned to the routine he had established at the end of last week. I would arrive in the morning and suck Snake's cock. Then he would go to bed and I would clean the house. I was beginning to notice that sucking his cock was starting to have a noticeable effect on me.

I would go home after cleaning Snake's house and I would take a shower. But I didn't dress after my shower. I would do a little of my housework in the nude and then I would look at the pictures Snake kept sending me. While I looked at the pictures I played with myself. I needed an orgasm!

On Friday something terrible happened. At first the day passed like all the others. But after I sucked his cock and licked it clean Snake said, "I want you over here tomorrow as soon as your husband leaves for Atlanta."

My mouth dropped open. How did he know?! He couldn't possibly know! I had not said a word about it. Surely Jay wouldn't even know Snake to mention it to him!

Snake laughed and said, "Shut your mouth, stupid. You look silly like that."

"H-h-how ... how did you know?!"

"That's none of your fucking business cunt. Now get to work."

"Yes Sir."

"Oh yeah, and when you come tomorrow, bring your clothes and your toothbrush. You will be staying for a while."

"Oh god!" I thought.

No, that isn't true. I reacted, but I didn't think. I couldn't think. I had just reached the point that I could deal with Snake and his abuse. But a week of it?! A week without being able to go home at night! My heart was beating so rapidly I was getting dizzy. I couldn't think. I couldn't hear. I felt an all enveloping panic, a feeling of total desperation, total helplessness. Because I knew I had no choice.

I found myself at the front door getting dressed and didn't even remember cleaning his house. I stumbled out to my car and drove away, still in a fog. I got into my house and undressed and started doing my housework in the nude again.

Finally I poured myself a glass of wine and sat down and tried to force myself to relax. But I couldn't relax. My mind kept trying to imagine what it would be like to be totally under the control of that monster for twenty-four hours a day, everyday for eight days.

I couldn't, or I didn't want to. The images that kept leaping to my mind were more than I could bear to think about. I took my wine up to my computer room and turned on the computer.

After it booted up I checked my email. There were more pictures from Snake. There was even a short movie clip this time. I watched the movie several times. Then I looked at the pictures. Then I went back and watched the movie several more times. As I watched it I moved my finger down and started rubbing myself. I was surprised at how wet I was. I hurriedly stood up and ran and got a towel to clean off the chair. Then I stretched the towel out and sat on it and I started rubbing again. Oh god! What am I becoming?!

I finally shut the computer off. I wiped my pussy with the towel and threw it into the laundry. I got out my husband's suitcase and started packing for his trip. I put his suitcase near the door to the garage and then it was time to start supper. I almost forgot to get dressed before I went out to the kitchen. Jay would have had some questions about that!

I couldn't keep my hands off of Jay when he got home. I kept touching him, kissing him, putting my hand on his shoulder. I had to keep reminding myself to be strong and not cry. After supper we watched the news and then we read the bible and prayed and went to bed early. We made love again and it was sweet and nice. But I didn't have an orgasm.

Before we went to sleep, Jay told me I didn't need to get up in the morning to see him off. A limousine was going to pick him up so I wouldn't have to drive him to the airport.

I heard him getting ready in the morning and I had to get up and make sure he had everything, and kiss him goodbye.

The limousine drove away and I pulled out an overnight bag. Slut clothes don't take up much room. I stuffed them all in, except for the skirt and crop top I was going to wear this morning. I put in my toothbrush and deodorant and toothpaste and a tube of lipstick. I tossed it into the passenger seat of my car and drove to Snake's house. I was nearly as terrified as I had been that first day.

I went in and undressed just inside the door. Snake heard me and called me to his room.

"I'm going to take a short nap. Go ahead and clean up the house and make sure the backyard is okay. There is going to be a cookout later. Put this on." He reached for something on his nightstand and tossed it to me.

It was a spiked dog collar with "cunt" inscribed in large letters on the wide chrome nameplate. I was backing out of the room, figuring I would put it on in the bathroom while looking in the mirror.

Snake stopped me. He wanted to see how it looked.

I put it around my neck and buckled it on. He made me turn it around. He wanted to be able to read the name tag in front. When he was satisfied he told me to get my lazy ass to work and he turned over and went to sleep.

I went to the bathroom and looked in the mirror. I knew I should be humiliated, furious, degraded. As strange as it sounds though, I thought it looked kind of hot! I wouldn't want anyone to see me in it. But I liked it!

As soon as I realized what I was thinking I thought about how much I had changed in the last week. I was no longer the same naïve young housewife I had been that first morning. I don't think I had yet become the slut that Snake intended to turn me into. But the changes in me were profound. My vocabulary had changed dramatically. I could suck a strange man's cock with hardly a second thought. Being bent over and fucked was nearly as likely to give me an orgasm as the man fucking me. And walking around naked, even in a public place, was almost my normal state of being. I was still uncomfortable when I was forced to be naked in public. But it was no longer the traumatic, heart stopping experience that it had been just a week ago.

I cleaned up the house and got dressed and went out back and picked up a few things around the yard. I put the lawnmower behind the shed and emptied the ashes from the BBQ grill and refilled it with new briquettes from a bag sitting nearby.

I went back inside and undressed and looked in the refrigerator. I saw several packages of ground beef and took it out and made up a bunch of large patties. I sliced up some onion. I did everything I could think of to get ready.
Chapter 6

Home « Vulgus's Page « I Belong to Snake Now Index « Previous - Settings
Chapter 6
Posted: September 19, 2008 - 11:19:16 am

Early in the afternoon I had company. The couple that had come by the day I had done Snake's laundry came by. Apparently the woman was supposed to get things set up. I showed her what I had done and she seemed quite pleased. She turned to me and said, "You did great. Thanks. You only have one thing left to do. Follow me."

She led me into the living room and sat down. She sat back and spread her legs and smiled at me without saying a word.

I knelt between her knees and leaned forward and started kissing her. I started at her knees and as I kissed my way up her thighs I pushed the hem of her skirt up out of my way. She reached down and pulled her skirt up and held it out of my way. She was wearing a tiny little lacey thong that didn't cover much more than her clit and her swollen labia.

I kissed and licked all around that little black piece of cloth. Then I started kissing it and licking it as well. It was soon getting very wet from both inside and out. I put my lips over it and gently breathed through it. At last I had to move it out of the way so that I could taste her.

She moaned loudly and lifted her hips up to meet my tongue as I pulled that little piece of cloth out of the way. I was surprised to find that I was really enjoying this, despite the guilt that was nagging away at me because of the things I had been taught in my church. I could only resolve that conflict by reminding myself that I had no choice. I had to do this.

Despite my misgivings, giving her so much pleasure was exciting. I continued licking and sucking as she had several orgasms and finally she couldn't take it anymore. She gently pushed my head away. As I backed away and straightened up I heard a male voice behind me say, "She lied to you. You had two things to do."

The woman's male companion pulled me to my feet and bent me over the chair where she was sitting. I felt his cock entering me and I'm embarrassed to admit that I welcomed it. I was ready! He began fucking me hard and when I felt the woman who was still seated in the chair I was leaning over start squeezing my nipples and pulling on them it pushed me right over the edge.

At one point she had one of my nipples pulled out more than an inch and said to the man fucking me, "Damn! It's a shame Snake won't let us get some rings put in these. They'd be perfect!"

As soon as she said that I started cumming again. The contractions in my cunt seemed to set the man off and he joined me in a mutual orgasm. As soon as he pulled his softening cock out of me I dropped down and cleaned him off.

"Shit," the woman exclaimed. "I'm horny again after watching that! Well, maybe later. Come on girl let's get the grill fired up."

I reached for my clothes but she stopped me. "You don't need those. Let's go."

Why is it I am the only one that never needs clothes?

We went out back and I just stood and watched while she started the grill. Then we went in to get some tables to start setting the food out on. When we went back inside, Snake was up and already drinking a beer. I followed the woman around and helped her carry stuff and set things up.

It struck me as weird. I had been fucked by or had sex in some other way with so many of Snakes friends and acquaintances. Yet I only knew the names of Snake, Mickey, Larry and Lisa. I had had sex with so many people and knew the names of so few of them. And all those people called me cunt if they called me anything.

Pretty soon people, well, bikers, started arriving. I had been instructed to set up a couple of coolers around the yard and somebody filled them with beer and ice. I won't go so far as to say I had gotten comfortable being naked in a crowd of people, but I had gotten used to it. That all changed when one couple showed up on two bikes, each with a kid behind them. They came in with their son, who was about ten or eleven years old, and their daughter, who was perhaps nine or ten.

Except for the occasional grope when I got too close to someone, I was being pretty much ignored. Everyone was drinking and talking and laughing loudly. The crowd consisted mostly of men. By the time it got dark I would estimate that there were as many as twenty-five men and maybe half a dozen women. There wasn't all that much difference between the men and the women. Many of the men had hair as long as the women. The women were laughing and talking just as loud and were just as course and crude as the men. Nothing that was done or said bothered them in the least. Not even a naked woman.

Still, I was really surprised to see two young kids there. Someone gave the kids each a hot dog and a soft drink. I tried to stay out of the way, hoping they wouldn't see me.

That didn't work out too well. I was watching them, with the aim of making sure that if they headed my way I would scurry to some other part of the yard. Unfortunately it wasn't long before I saw the little girl look up and see me and smile. She immediately nudged her big brother and said something to him and pointed right at me. I had no place to go. They came right over and looked me up and down, front and back.

Neither of us said anything for a few minutes. I had noticed that those people closest to me were watching curiously. Finally the little girl said, "Who are you?"

"My name is Ashley," I answered nervously. "I am a friend of the man that lives here."

The little boy just kept looking at me quietly. But the little girl was quite precocious. She kept looking at me and asking embarrassing questions.

"How come you don't have any clothes on?" she asked.

"Because Snake doesn't want me to wear clothes sometimes." I don't know! What could I say to a nine year old girl about standing around naked in a backyard full of partying bikers?!

"You're pretty." The little boy had finally spoken.

"Thank you," I replied.

They looked at me for a while longer and then they left once their curiosity had been satisfied.

As soon as they walked away I breathed a deep sigh of relief. The people closest to me that had overheard the conversation had a hearty laugh.

I slumped back against the wall of the house for a minute. Then I went and got a beer. Snake had not said anything about me drinking. I didn't want to piss him off. But I really needed a drink.

As much as possible I tried to stay out of the way of the other guests. Every time I got near anyone I got groped roughly.

The couple with the kids left after about an hour. I couldn't believe that they would bring their kids to a party like this.

I was just about to get another beer when Snake called me over. He pointed to where some of his friends were setting up a heavy wooden table in the middle of the back yard. He told me that they didn't play music at their parties because it would always get too loud and the cops would come. They still enjoyed dancing though, especially the erotic kind. So he wanted me to get up on that table and dance for a while.

I could see everyone watching to see what I would do. I got the impression that they were hoping I would argue. I am not that stupid! I didn't know what I was going to do. I don't have any experience with exotic dancing. But I wasn't stupid enough to argue or refuse.

When I got to the table I stood there trying to figure out the best way to climb up on it. Two of the men standing nearby helped me get up, and groped me liberally in the process.

I started playing a good dance tune in my head and trying to dance to it. I didn't have any experience as a nude dancer so it was hard for me. Nobody seemed to be complaining though. A bunch of the guys pulled their chairs up closer and watched for a while.

The evening wore on slowly. I had been dancing for more than an hour and I was exhausted. Most of the women had left. I still saw two of them around. Lisa and the woman who I had helped set up the food earlier. I noticed four men pulling a padded bench out of the patio door. I guess this table I was dancing on and the bench must have come from the second bedroom that was always locked. I hadn't seen them in the house.

They set the bench down near me. Once they had it where they wanted it they came over and grabbed me and pulled me down. I was grateful, until I realized why they had taken me down. I was immediately placed on my back on the padded bench. A strap went around my waist and a clip attached to rings on each side of my new collar. My hands and legs were free, but I wasn't going anywhere.

Someone had set up a movie screen and a projection TV while I was being placed on the bench and strapped down. In a few minutes everyone was watching a DVD that showed my first rape by Snake. It showed me crying and stripping and sucking his cock. It showed me playing with myself when I masturbated for the first time in my life. And then everyone got to watch as I was raped for the first time on that nasty floor in his living room.

Almost as soon as the movie started, men began wandering over and casually fucking me. At first it was one at a time. They were just using me to masturbate into while they watched the movie. Sometimes someone would not be able to wait and would fuck my mouth.

After the first couple of fucks the woman I had helped earlier in the afternoon came over and wiped me off with a damp rag. Then the next man would quickly stick a cock in me and mess me up again. A few of them lifted my legs up, pushed my knees down onto my stomach and fucked my ass. But most of the men fucked my pussy. Apparently all twenty-five of them took at least one turn. But I recognized quite a few that came through the line at least twice.

I started getting very sore. All of them slammed their cocks into me so brutally. But after a while the pain began to fade away and I was just numb. I wasn't paying much attention to what was going on around me. I noticed when the DVD changed and it showed my gang rape at the store. When that movie ended they showed the one of Larry fucking my ass in the store room, followed by Snake and Mickey working together to fuck me into unconsciousness.

It was a long damned night. It was early in the morning before everyone left, or just passed out somewhere. I was left on the bench all night. Every once in a while someone would stir and move to the corner of the yard and piss, then come over and fuck me again.

I wasn't freed until seven o'clock the next morning! I was covered in cum. It was streaming down my legs and crusted on my face and chest and stomach. My hair was stiff with it.

After he set me free, Snake ordered me not to move. He went into the shed and came back with a hose. He hooked it up and turned the water on and made me stand against the fence. Then he sprayed me with the hose until most of the accumulated cum had been rinsed away. My hair was still stiff and there were still little dried flakes of cum here and there.

When he was satisfied he told me to air dry before going inside and taking a shower. I moved into the sunlight and used my hands to scrape some of the water off. The sun came out and it started warming up and soon I was dry.

I hurried to the shower. On the way through the house I was surprised at the number of people that were still there. Surprised and dismayed. My pussy was so sore it hurt to walk. I didn't think I could take anymore abuse. There were men passed out all around the house.

I finally heard her name! The woman who's pussy I have twice eaten out. The woman I helped set up the BBQ. Her name is Beth. I don't dare use it. Since I made Snake so mad I don't call any of these people by name. It's safer that way.

Beth came into the bathroom as I was drying off and she led me to Snake's bedroom. She made me lie down and spread my legs. I didn't complain. I didn't know what she was going to do. But I was so sore that I prayed it wouldn't involve my pussy.

I was relieved to find that she didn't bring me in here for sex. Instead she reached for a jar of ointment. I don't know what it was. There was no label on the jar. She started rubbing it on and then inside of my pussy and then my ass. It felt so cool and soothing.

While she was rubbing the cream in, she smiled and talked to me just like I was person! "Rough night, kid?" she asked.

"Yes ma'am," I answered, grateful for a few kind words.

"Call me Beth, honey," she said. "I want you to take it easy for the rest of the day. I talked to Snake and told him you need a few hours to recuperate. It isn't over. There are still about a dozen guys around and they will be here most of the day and probably until after midnight. I expect that around dark Snake will have you back out there fucking and sucking his friends. He likes to be a good host. After that things will be more or less normal. I know it hurts. A lot of us have been through it. You just picked the wrong guy to hook up with in my opinion. You just have to remember that whatever you do, you don't piss Snake off."

"I didn't pick Snake! He's blackmailing me. I am a happily married, church going woman. I never even knew about half the stuff I have done until he forced me to do it!"

That seemed to scare Beth even more. She said, "Oh shit! Honey, you better be extra careful. He has done this to girls before. He tries to break them. He pushes and pushes until they refuse to do something and then he comes up with something really bad. Some of those girls ... well, listen, just remember, you never ever say no."

I was already afraid of Snake. But now, there was something in Beth's voice that really scared the hell out of me. Oh god, what could I do?! I never had any choice in this!

Beth wiped her hands on a towel and put the cream away. Then she pulled a sheet over me and stood up. She stared down at me for a moment and then she kissed me on the forehead and went out and closed the door. The look on her face as she left scared the hell out of me.

I managed to get a little sleep and around eight that evening, Snake came into the room. He had obviously been drinking. But he seemed to be in control of himself. He pulled me to my feet and kissed me. The cigarettes and alcohol on his breath were disgusting. But I was careful not to make a face or pull back. I returned his kiss, mindful of what Beth had said earlier.

He pushed me out of the room and we went out into the living room where a smaller version of the party was now going on. There were only about a dozen men and Beth there now. They were still watching me on DVD and enjoying my torment. They cheered when I came into the room but Snake said, "Not yet guys. She has some work to do first." He put me to work cleaning up the room. There were bottles, cans, plates, glasses and overflowing ashtrays everywhere!

I went to work, ignoring the hands all over my body as I moved among the men cleaning up the room. I tried not to look at them. I glanced at Beth once. For some reason it seemed more humiliating that this was happening in front of another woman. She smiled wryly. It might have been my imagination but I even thought that I saw a look of sympathy on her face as she watched.

The kitchen was almost as bad as the living room had been. I began to straighten it up a little. Until Snake called me back out to the living room. He handed me some money and said, "I ordered a couple of pizzas. When they get here you are going to invite the kid in, take the pizzas, set them down, and pay him. Then you are going to give him a tip. Now he will probably not be interested in getting sucked off with all of us watching. But you better talk him into it. Any questions, cunt?"

I answered, "No Sir," that being the only time I could say no to Snake.

A few minutes later there he was at the door. I let the kid in and as bad as I thought it might be, well, it was twice that bad. It was the same sixteen year old kid that delivered pizza to my house all the time. And he recognized me!

I got him to come inside and I took the boxes from him. I handed him the cash and asked if he would let me tip him. He tried to tell me that he was in a hurry, he didn't have time. He was understandably very nervous. Finally I put my arms around him and hugged him and whispered that I had to. I begged him to let me.

He must have seen it in my face. He must have known that I wasn't kidding, I really did have to. He hesitated, then he nodded and I gratefully slipped to my knees and pulled his chinos and his briefs down to his knees. I was surprised at what a nice cock he had. He was a young and slender boy. But his cock was nearly as big as Snake's!

I kissed and licked it for a moment before wrapping my lips tightly around it and sinking all the way down, taking his cock into my throat. My audience had gotten quiet as I worked, thankfully. But I could feel them watching my every move.

The boy was amazed at my skill and soon after I started sucking him he grabbed my head. I think it was more to hold on and keep from collapsing than an effort to control my movement. He was groaning loudly and in only three or four minutes he was shooting a load down my throat.

After he came and I had swallowed it I let him go. I helped him pull his shorts and pants up and put his clothing back in order. As I was fastening his belt he said most sincerely, "Gosh, thank you Mrs. Anderson! That was the best I ever had."

I looked up at his face and saw the look of adoration and although I was still embarrassed, I also felt kind of good for being able to put that look on his face. I couldn't help wondering though, what would happen the next time I ordered pizza at my house?

As soon as he was gone my night got a little more difficult. I was put on my knees and started sucking my way around the room. Some of the men on the other side of the room couldn't wait for me to get around to them. They came over and started using my pussy while I sucked their friends. As I worked my way around the room getting raped I thought to myself that I would have to find out what that cream was that Beth had used on me. I suddenly realized that my pussy didn't hurt at all!

I was kept busy servicing everyone, even Beth, until long after midnight. There were going to be some tired bikers at work tomorrow.

Finally it was only me and Snake. He told me to clean myself up and come to bed. He was nice enough to let me put off cleaning up his hovel until the morning.

I got cleaned up and went into the bedroom. I was exhausted. Unfortunately, Snake is used to working all night and sleeping in the morning. So he kept me busy sucking and fucking for a couple more hours. Finally, at almost four in the morning, he curled up behind me and fell asleep. I was so exhausted that despite everything that had happened I slept like a baby too.

It was almost noon when I woke up. Snake was still snoring. I got up carefully and went to the bathroom.

I probably shouldn't have been surprised when I saw the mess they had made of the bathroom. I honestly think these guys must be doing it on purpose! I don't believe it is possible to make this much of a mess accidentally. After I used the toilet and brushed my teeth I got out my cleaning supplies and cleaned the bathroom. Disgusting mess!

The living room wasn't so bad because I had cleaned it up a little last night. I managed to clean it up quickly and get rid of all of the trash. Then I went to work in the kitchen. Every dish in the house was dirty. Some were still outside, but most were piled in the sink and on the counters. I wondered if I could get my husband to buy Snake a dishwasher. I thought a joke might help, but I didn't know whether to laugh or cry.

I was almost finished in the kitchen when Snake finally got up. While he was in the shower I put some coffee on. Then I went out and straightened out the backyard. When I came back in, Snake was just sitting down with his coffee. I asked him if he wanted something to eat and he ordered bacon and eggs.

I said, "Yes Sir," and went to the refrigerator. It looked like locusts had come through. The only things left in the refrigerator were some sliced pickles and some mayonnaise.

"Sir," I said nervously, "I am going to have to go to the store. There isn't anything to eat in the refrigerator."

Snake thought about it for a minute and then told me to go across the street and see if I could borrow some food from Mr. Steadman.

I said what I always say, the only thing I can say. "Yes Sir."

I put on my short skirt and revealing top and slut shoes and rushed across the street. When Mr. Steadman came to the door I told him what I needed and asked if he would loan them to me until I went to the store.

He said, "Sure, no problem. Come on in."

However, as soon as I was inside it turned out that there was a small problem. I had a soft cock to take care of before I could get what I needed. I hurriedly did what was necessary to satisfy Mr. Steadman, then grabbed the food and rushed back to Snake's.

"What the hell took you so long?" he demanded.

"I'm sorry, Sir. I had to suck his cock first."

Snake just laughed and exclaimed, "Horny old fart!"

I made a quick breakfast for Snake and, with his kind permission I had a cup of coffee. While he was eating I cleaned up yet again. Then he ordered me to change into the little slip that was a part of my slut wardrobe.

I was changed and back in about two minutes. It doesn't take long to get in or out of these little outfits. Snake ordered me to follow him and we went out and got in his truck.

He drove to the same grocery store where I shop every week. A lot of people in here know me. I wanted to beg him to go somewhere else. But I knew it wouldn't do any good. I knew that he had come here on purpose. He had passed two other stores before he got to this one. The worried look on Beth's face was in the back of my mind. "Don't piss Snake off."

I knew that it didn't take much to piss Snake off.

We went in and Snake made me push the buggy. He walked several paces behind me for a minute. He wanted to see how exposed I was when I lifted my arms and pushed the buggy or reached out to take things from the shelves.

After watching for several minutes he walked up behind me and I felt him draw a line on the cheek of my ass with his finger. "Do you feel that cunt?"

After I nodded he said, "That is how much of your sweet ass is sticking out of that dress of yours."

I couldn't do anything about it. All I could do is say, "Yes Sir."

As we walked he pointed to the items he wanted me to put in the basket. Every time I would reach up, or bend over, I was aware of how much more of my ass I was exposing. I was also aware of who was watching. I had noticed that one of the stockers had begun following us at a discrete distance. I knew the kid. His name was Bret. He often helped me load my groceries into the car. I don't know his age but he is young.

By the time we got to the produce section there was another kid back there too. I had been exposed to so many people as I walked around the store today. Snake took great care to have me bending and reaching whenever someone was in a position to see what I exposed. But the worst part was that those two young men were watching me expose myself on purpose to all the strange men in the store. And I knew that it had to be obvious to them that I was doing this on purpose.

We finally finished and went through the check out. As luck would have it, Bret was bagging my groceries. I couldn't tell whose face was redder, mine or his.

Bret pushed our buggy out to the truck and then Snake let him watch while I loaded the groceries into the back of the truck. I had to put them right behind the cab. Every time I reached over the side of the truck to set a bag down my slip rose more than half way up my ass.

When I was finally finished Snake said to Bret, "I know you guys can't take tips, but how would you like something special?" He opened the passenger door of his truck and pushed me down over the seat with my legs still on the ground. Then he flipped my skirt up and patted my ass and said, "This is some prime ass. We got time for a quickie. Go ahead, fuck her."

I was crying now. This was too much. I looked over my shoulder at Snake and shook my head and whispered, "Please, Snake. Please don't make me do this."

The look on Snake's face told me I had fucked up big time. I realized, as I felt Bret's cock entering me, that not only did I call Snake by his name, but I had said the 'n' word. You never say no to Snake!

Brett came quickly and Snake told me to clean him up. I bent down quickly and sucked his cock clean. When I stood back up Bret finally noticed what it said on the front of my collar. "Cunt"

He exclaimed, "Holy crap! Mrs. Anderson you surprise the shit out of me!"

Snake drove home without saying a word. I tried once to apologize. I asked for permission to speak but he just glared at me. Now I wasn't scared anymore. Now I was terrified.

When we got to the house Snake ordered me to unload the groceries and put them away. While I worked, he made some phone calls. When I finished I went back out to the living room and tried again to get permission to apologize. All I got was that scary glare.
Chapter 7
Home - Top Feedback to author

Home « Vulgus's Page « I Belong to Snake Now Index « Previous - Settings
Chapter 7
Posted: September 19, 2008 - 11:19:16 am

A half hour later Mickey showed up. He didn't come in. He waited for us in his truck. Snake pulled me after him and pushed me into the center of the seat and got in after me. As soon as he closed the door Mickey started the truck and drove off. Still nobody spoke.

Mickey was driving towards the large Army base on the edge of town. It looked like he was going to drive on base. But just before he got to the gate he turned down a side street to the right, drove about another block and pulled up in front of a large old house.

They got out and Snake jerked me roughly out of the truck. He pulled me along after him, up the path and to the front door of the old house. At the door Snake knocked and a tiny woman answered the door. She could not have been more than four feet tall. She was about thirty-five or forty years old, it was hard to tell. When she saw Snake she stopped smiling. But she stepped aside and let us in.

I looked around and saw several long, narrow hallways leading out of the foyer with many small rooms off of them. From what I could see it appeared that the upstairs was arranged pretty much the same way.

The reception area was a fairly large room with several couches and chairs spread around. There were half a dozen women sitting around in baby doll pajamas and underwear of various descriptions. They all looked up when they saw us come in. But when they saw us, or rather, when they saw Snake, they all looked away quickly.

The little woman came up to me and said, "My name is Momma. You can call me that. Come with me for a minute. We need to have a little talk."

She led off down one of the narrow hallways and into a small cubicle with a small bed and a washstand. She sat me down so that our eyes were pretty much level. Then she spoke quietly, "Girly, I don't know what you did. But you have fucked up. You made Snake mad. He brought you to me to teach you a lesson. Do you know what this place is?"

I had my suspicions. But I hoped I was wrong. I shook my head to indicate that I did not.

"This is a whorehouse," she said, matter of factly. "As you know, on the other side of that fence out there is a large Army base and today is payday. For the next couple of days this will be the busiest place in town. Snake wants me to work your ass off for two days."

"That means pretty near around the clock fucking and sucking. He told me that he wants me to tie you to a bed and let anyone that wants you come in and do anything they want to you for free. When he called I talked him into an alternative that would earn him a little money. I am going to offer you a choice. It's your decision. It doesn't matter to me either way. If you want, you can join the other girls and greet customers at the door and invite them back here for a good time. They will be a lot less rough on you that way. Like I said, it's up to you. If you take the easy way then at least you can get up and clean up and stretch your legs between customers. It's that or I tie you down and start putting the word out that you are back here. Pick."

I had felt a band of steel close around my chest as Momma explained. The blood rushed from my head and I thought I would pass out. She could see that I was in distress. But she didn't really seem to care beyond how this would affect her life.

She gave me a moment to answer and when I didn't she reached for some chains under the bed.

"No, wait! I ... I'll do it. Please, don't tie me up."

She said, "Okay, stand up. Now, hand me that slip."

She put my only article of clothing on a small shelf under the washstand and led me out of the room. She pointed out the bathroom and then took me back to the entryway.

Snake and Mickey were sitting around, sipping a beer and flirting with the prostitutes. When I came in they gave me dirty looks and then ignored me. It was still early in the afternoon but already young men were wandering in. They usually came in pairs, sometimes alone, sometimes in large, vocal, groups, but mostly in pairs. Most of them seemed very young.

I was in the foyer only a minute when the door was opened to admit two young men. They came in and looked at the girls. We all had to line up. They walked down the line and made their selections. I was chosen right away. The young men paid Momma and then we went back to our rooms.

I tried to act nice, tried to be friendly. These young men didn't know that I was here against my will. The first man that selected me quickly undressed and handed me his rubber. I knelt down and sucked on his cock for a minute and when he was nice and hard I slid the rubber on. It was difficult at first. I had never seen one before. Luckily, once you get the package open it is pretty easy to figure out how it works.

I lay back on the bed and the young man was all over me. I felt sorry for him. I don't know how much he paid to fuck me. But it was over so fast. It was all over in about the same amount of time it had taken me to put the rubber on him!

He groaned and said, "Thank you, ma'am," very quietly. I put my arms around him and whispered, "Don't tell anyone, but would you like to do it again?"

His face lit up and he kissed me. Then he got a funny look on his face and said, "Oh, sorry ma'am, I know you ladies don't like to kiss."

He was so sweet! I pulled him close and as he fucked me again I kissed him passionately.

When he came again he got up and I pulled the rubber off of his soft cock and I couldn't resist. I leaned forward and sucked his cock clean. When he was dressed I said, "Remember..." and I held my finger to my lips and he shook his head and we walked to the door.

As Momma showed him out I heard him telling her that I was the best he ever had. I'm sorry, but that was just so damned sweet. I know that what I am doing, everything about it, is horrible. But he was just a horny young guy and he was nice. It suddenly struck me that I was only twenty-two! I was about the same age as most of these young men coming in. But I was thinking of these guys as kids!

I finally glanced at Snake and Mickey. They seemed a little put out that I wasn't freaked at having to work in a whorehouse. I thought to myself, "Give it time guys! I have only done one guy!"

From then on, throughout the night, until it finally slowed down sometime around four in the morning, I went up and down that hallway time after time, with occasional stops in the bathroom to clean up a little. There were nice guys and shits. They were handsome and ugly and every race that you could name. One time I had to take two guys at once and twice I had to work with another girl for an older customer.

After every customer I would tie up the rubber and drop it in the wastebasket. The wastebasket was nearly half full by the time I went down the hallway after my last customer at a little after four. By then there was only me and one other girl still around. Most of the other girls had given up over an hour ago. Snake and Mickey left after my third or fourth customer.

Nobody had come in for half an hour and I was almost asleep in the chair when the bell rang. Momma went to the door and let in a group of six older men. I guess they were officers or NCOs. They looked like they were in the service, but they were too old to be young privates like most of the men that had fucked me tonight.

One of them talked quietly to Momma while the others were making conversation with me and the other girl. They had obviously been drinking. But they didn't seem drunk or obnoxious. I saw Momma nod her head and then all of us followed her down the hall to a slightly larger room than the cubicle I had worked in all night.

This room didn't have a bed. Instead there was a padded bench about three feet long and about cock high. I was stretched out on my back and the other girl was lifted on top of me in a sixty-nine.

We both went right to work. My poor pussy had had a long night and her tongue felt pretty good right now. I suppose prostitutes aren't supposed to have orgasms when they work. But I was new at this and I had enjoyed quite a few of them tonight. Still, it wasn't long before I was having more. This girl was good!

The men stood nearby watching us for a while. Sometimes one would touch us, rub her ass or reach between us and squeeze a boob. We ate each other for what seemed like a very long time. After a while I heard the men undressing and I watched as a long, hard cock slid into the girl on top of me. At the same time I felt one sliding into me. I started licking the cock and balls in my face and it was several minutes before I realized that this guy wasn't wearing a rubber. At this point in my life I just didn't care. I had been fucked by too many bareback bikers to care.

Thanks in part to the girl's tongue that was still at work between my legs, I was really getting into the cock in my pussy. But I was still trying to pay attention to the cock in the pussy in my face. I could tell he was close to cumming by the noises that he was making. Just before he came he pulled his slimy cock out of her and forced it into my mouth. If they thought this would faze me they were mistaken. I had swallowed more sperm in the last week and a half than most women did in a life time.

I gulped down his hot bitter load and sucked him clean. I could hear him exclaiming "Far fucking out! Fuck! This bitch is good!"

I heard his praise and I imagine that my lack of sleep and the constant fucking was getting to me because I actually felt proud! I didn't think it was fair though when the guy fucking me came around to cum in my mouth too. I guess that was what they had worked out with Momma though. That was how it worked for all six men. I guess I was the only girl in the place that they could actually cum in without a condom.

They finally left and the other girl and I got cleaned up and went back out front. I had been doing this for more than twelve hours now. In all of that time not one of the other girls had spoken to me except Momma. Not even the one I had just eaten out. I couldn't figure out if they didn't like me or didn't like me cutting into their sales. Maybe it was because they knew that I wasn't a prostitute. Or at least, until last night I wasn't a prostitute.

After the six men left so did the girl that I had eaten out. It was just me and Momma and we were falling asleep in chairs. I think we got to sleep for nearly an hour before the bell rang again. Momma came back in with three young guys. They were disappointed to find that there was only me. Not that I was a disappointment. They just didn't want to share. They decided, since they had no choice, that they would share. But they would each use a different hole.

I took them back to my little room and started with the blowjob. I was finding that guys really went for that deepthroat stuff in a big way! Under these circumstances it was a plus that they usually didn't last long once you started.

I was so tired I had forgotten to make him put a rubber on. I was kind of startled when I felt him flood my mouth with cum. After I swallowed it all I smiled up at him and said, "Oops."

He smiled back and said, "That was the best fucking blowjob I have ever had in my life. Girl, if you weren't a hooker I'd marry you tomorrow!" Isn't that sweet?

I remembered the rubbers with the next two, though they didn't like it. They were nice young guys though and didn't give me a hard time.

I guess I was so tired that I didn't even realize how many times I had been fucked since Snake dropped me off here. I didn't feel so sore that I couldn't continue, thankfully.

When I went back out with the three customers I saw Momma leaving. Her shift was over. Now there were three other girls sitting around waiting for work. They had apparently been informed that I was here at Snake's request and they didn't want anything to do with that.

I guess I was looking pretty tired. Except for a short nap earlier I hadn't slept in almost twenty-four hours now. For the longest time I had been getting picked over the other girls in the room. Partly, I assume, because I was naked and I look very good that way. Now I was only getting picked when the other girls were busy. That was more than fine with me.

Things stayed slow for most of the morning. There was a steady trickle of men until around mid afternoon when it started getting busy. At times there were men waiting for a girl to be free. It was all the same to me. Go down the hall, get a man, go back to my cubicle and do whatever he wanted. The men seemed to mostly want the same thing. The breakdown seemed to be about five percent anal, twenty percent blowjobs and seventy-five percent straight fucking.

I made note of the time when I had been here for twenty-four hours. I started getting busy after that and didn't notice the time again until I had reached the thirty-six hour mark. My body was pretty much numb all over now.

Guys were starting to complain that I was falling asleep while they fucked me. So the big redneck that was Momma's relief brought me back and had a talk with me.

He told me that he knew why I was here and he felt sorry for me. But he couldn't have his customers complaining about his whores snoring. So I had better wake up if I didn't want Snake to find out.

That was as good as throwing water in my face! He had my attention now. But before we went back out front he pulled out his cock and I sucked it for him enthusiastically. After I swallowed his cum I followed him back out front and I started trying to be nice to customers again.

Snake came back for me at five o'clock that evening. It had been almost fifty hours of fucking one stranger after another. I was half way to the truck before Momma opened the door and yelled at me to come get my dress.

I ran back and stood on the porch and slipped it over my head and then ran back to the truck.

Snake started the truck and drove off. "You learn anything, cunt?" he asked.

"Yes Sir," I answered.

"What did you learn, cunt?"

"Sir, I learned not to call you by your name and never to say no."

"You are still one dumb cunt. I doubt if you have really learned anything. You probably had a good time! Well, I took it easy on you this time. You fuck up again and there is an S&M club an hour and a half from here that I'll take you to. I guarantee you won't have fun there."

I wasn't sure what that was. But I was pretty sure that I wouldn't like it.

We pulled into Snake's driveway and I went in and took off my slip. As soon as I was naked I started cleaning house. While I was cleaning the bedroom I noticed that the jar of soothing ointment was still there and I put it all over and in my pussy and ass. I felt better almost instantly. I wiped away any residue from around the outside of my pussy and ass. I didn't think Snake would like it if he didn't think I was suffering enough. I didn't want him to see any of the ointment and ask about it.

It was getting late and Snake decided he didn't want me hanging around while he was working. He sent me home and I was so happy I cried. I gathered my things and put my slip on and raced home.

I parked in the garage and went into my darkened kitchen. As soon as I closed the door I saw someone moving and I screamed. Then I fainted.

When I regained consciousness my husband was holding my head in his lap and moving a cool damp cloth over my face. When I saw who it was I became hysterical. My life was over now. It must have been ten minutes before I calmed down enough so that we could talk. I was exhausted. I had probably had forty minutes sleep in the last sixty hours or so. There is a kind of fog that comes over your brain at a time like that.

Finally I accepted the fact that my marriage and my life were ruined and I started telling Jay everything, and I do mean everything. I even showed him the emails and the pictures. I kept waiting for him to start yelling or hitting or something. I kept waiting for the look of disgust that I knew I would see on his face.

But he just listened without comment. He asked me a couple of questions and then he helped me up and helped me into the shower. He took his robe off and showered with me, gently washing me all over. Then he helped me to our bed and sat with me and held my head and kissed me goodnight.

I didn't understand. No man in his right mind would stay with a cheating slut, a cunt! Why wasn't he mad! He only said, "Get some rest. It's going to be all right." All I could do was cry. He just kept kissing me and drying my tears until I finally passed out.

I slept for almost twenty-four hours. When I awoke, Jay was laying beside me, holding me. I sat up and he opened his eyes and looked at me. All I saw was love and pity. I tried to pull away. I tried to tell him that he had to make me leave. He was too perfect for a tramp like me.

He just smiled. He told me to relax and take it easy while he went to get me some soup. I couldn't relax. I got out of bed. I was embarrassed for him to see me naked. After all of the people that had seen me naked lately, it was him that I was embarrassed about. Because I wasn't good enough for him now. I was ruined.

I quickly pulled a robe on and we went out to the kitchen. I made a light supper and we sat quietly. I could only say I was sorry.

He kept saying, "It's alright."

But it wasn't. It could never be alright again.

When it was time, he turned on the television so that we could watch the news. I was just kind of watching without listening until I saw Snake's picture. That got my attention!

It seems that earlier today a neighbor had discovered the body of Albert "Snake" Dutton. He had been shot twice through the head with a small caliber gun, probably a 22. While searching the residence, investigators looked through a locked room and found evidence that Mr. Dutton may have been blackmailing customers of the internet provider where he worked nights and had access to the emails and chat logs of the customers.

Jay owns a 22. His grandfather gave it to him. He used to target shoot with it when he was a kid. But it hasn't been fired in many years!

I looked at Jay. He just smiled.

"Are you really feeling okay now," he asked.

I nodded.

"Would you do me a favor?"

"Oh god Jay, I would do anything for you! I would die for you!"

He smiled a sneaky little smile and said, "It won't be quite that bad." He turned the television off and took me by the hand and led me into the bedroom.

"Surely," I thought, "he can't possibly want to make love to me after everything I told him!"

When we got to the bedroom he turned and held both my hands in his. He looked into my eyes and I could swear that it looked like he still loved me! He smiled and said, "I would like to see you in those clothes he made you wear. I know you had a rough time. But would it upset you if I asked you to model them for me?"

At first I thought he just wanted to rub my nose in it. Then throw me out. That wasn't it though.

Jay saw the confusion in my face and said, "Sweetheart, I have tried to be the perfect husband since we married. No, since we met. I loved you from the moment I saw you and I wanted to be the man of your dreams. I have come to realize that there is a flaw in me that I didn't even know was there."

"When you were telling me about all of the terrible things that had happened to you, I became aroused. When you showed me those pictures in your emails I almost had an orgasm in my pants. While you have been sleeping I went through everything Snake had on you. I watched the movies. All of them, including the DVDs that I took from his house. I have come to realize that we have been missing a lot in our lives. But mostly we have been missing each other."

"I want to see you in those slut clothes. I want to see what those men saw. I want to feel what those men felt when you had your mouth on their cocks. And I want to drive you crazy with my tongue like Snake did. We have been tiptoeing through life and not really enjoying it. I have come to realize that we will miss an awful lot that way."

I stared at him, waiting for the punch line. I still wasn't sure it wasn't a trick. I got up nervously and put on one of the loincloth skirts and the most revealing top I had. I paraded in front of Jay and I watched his face and I knew it wasn't a trick. He loved it! When I dropped to my knees and pulled his pants down and started sucking his cock he started going crazy. As hard as it was to believe, I knew that he loved me still. I was so happy I cried and sucked and cried and sucked and when he had his huge orgasm and came in my mouth for the first time I came too.

Then it was my turn. It was immediately obvious that he had, indeed, watched the movies. He tasted my pussy for the very first time. But he had learned a lot from watching the DVD and he did it with style and love and it was fantastic.

We never heard from the cops. Apparently, when they were questioned none of Snake's friends mentioned me. Tomorrow I have to drive Jay downtown. He is picking up his new Fatboy from the local Harley shop. I only asked that it have a sissybar.

Jay wants to stop on the way home and see if Larry has any new outfits we might like. Oh, and I have to wear the collar.
Your opinion is important:
Share with the others what you think about
"I Belong to Snake Now"
     
Switch to Expanded voting form
The End
Posted: 2008-09-19
Send feedback to author
Home - Top Feedback to author


