Home « rlfj's Page « Influence of the House of Incest Index - Settings
Chapter 1
Posted: August 19, 2008 - 12:27:29 pm
Updated: November 13, 2009 - 01:21:38 pm

"Are you boys ready to go?" called out Jessica Parnell, standing at the bottom of the steps.

"Coming, Mom!" came back a loud yell from down the hallway to the bedrooms. Jessica continued standing at the foot of the steps, waiting for her sons to come down, and was on the verge of summoning them a second time when she stopped. One of the bedrooms doors opened with a crash and then came a thunder of feet as her two teenage sons rumbled down the hall and down the stairs. "We're here!" said the older of the two.

"Toby, if I've told you once, I've told you a million times, don't go slamming the doors!" she replied.

"Highly unlikely, Mom. No interior door would be able to take the strain of opening and closing a million times." interjected the other boy.

"Oh, aren't you just the smarty pants!" Jessica said as she turned towards her youngest child, Andrew. Behind her, Toby gave his brother a thumbs-up sign, grinning widely. She turned back towards Toby. "Come on, let's go." As soon as she turned away, Andrew gave his brother a smile and a wink as well.

Jessica led her sons to the garage, hitting the inside switch to the garage door opener as she entered the room. The garage still smelled of grass clippings - that morning both boys had been required to mow the lawn and trim the weeds. Now, Saturday afternoon, they would be taking a bike ride.

The boys pulled their bikes out of the corner and pushed them towards the door. It was then that Toby noticed their mother, standing stock still in the garage, holding her own bike upright and staring at the back wall of the garage. She was staring at a fourth bicycle. Toby cursed himself. When he and Andrew had been moving the lawnmower out of the garage, he had needed to move the bikes, and had ended up placing his mother's near that fourth bike.

"Take this." he whispered lowly to Andrew, who silently grabbed the handlebar. He was watching the byplay intently.

Toby walked over to his mother, smoothly slipping between her and the bike against the wall. "Here, Mom, let me help." With one hand on her bicycle, he gently placed the other on her upper arm and moved her towards the garage door.

Jessica's eyes naturally moved to follow Toby and the bicycle, breaking the lock they had on the fourth bike, and the moment was past. "Oh, thank you, honey, but I can do it." She began pushing the bike out the door.

Toby glanced over at his brother and rolled his eyes. Andrew just nodded in understanding, glancing briefly at the fourth bike, and then back. They grabbed some clip on water bottles and a few other items and followed her out the door. There wasn't much either boy could say, the fourth bike had been their father's. He had often ridden it with them, right up until his death, one year and a week ago today.

"Where are we going, Mom?" asked Toby.

"Well, I hadn't really thought about it, sweetie. Did you guys have any ideas?"

Andrew repressed a grin as he looked at his brother. It would be Toby's decision no matter what, it always was. Andrew didn't particularly mind that, it was just the way things were, and was probably for the best.

"Uh, well, last Saturday we rode out east of town. Maybe this week we could ride west." replied Toby.

Jessica nodded at this. "Uh, maybe take a ride around Marsven Hill and back again?"

Toby mentally figured distances and nodded. "Sure, we can do that." He hit the switch on the door opener and scooted out as the door descended. "Lead the way, Mom."

Jessica climbed onto her bicycle and adjusted her safety helmet, then kicked off and pedaled down the driveway. Her sons gave her a few moments then followed along behind.

Andrew followed along about ten feet behind his mother. As Toby pulled alongside, he tilted his head towards him and said lowly "We need to get rid of that bike."

"Oh, man, it's like brand new! It's only been ridden once!" replied Toby, pitched low so his mother couldn't hear. The bike had been Jessica's birthday present to Andrew, Sr., given to him only a week before his death.

"I know that, don't I?" commented Andrew. Toby simply shrugged and sat back on his bike seat. Taking his hands off the handlebars, he held them up in a sign of resignation. Andrew simply nodded and continued "Okay, so if we don't get rid of it, we hide it. Next time we work in the garage, we put it in the back and cover it with a tarp."

Toby nodded agreement. "Time to catch up."

Their father's death had devastated the family. Thirty-six was much too young for a husband and father of two to die, but at least it had been quick; Andrew, Sr. had been run over by a beer truck driven by a driver who had partaken of too much of what he was transporting. Since his problems were known by the company he worked for, a seven figure settlement materialized practically before his body was cold. Suddenly what had been a very average middle class family with a mortgage and maxed out credit cards found the mortgage paid off, the credit cards paid in full, and enough cash to send both boys to any college they could ever want to go to, for as many degrees as they would ever want.

The family dynamic had changed dramatically. Jessica had been devoted to her husband and children. She had met her husband in high school, had married him upon graduation, and had quickly had two children. Only the need for a second income had taken her out of the house; she would have been very happy to have stayed at home and been the perfect housewife and mother possible.

Her husband's death had almost destroyed her. The days after the accident had gone by in a daze. It hadn't improved after the funeral. Jessica had shut down, barely able to even maintain basic personal hygiene. After a second week of leftover casseroles and takeout, the two boys had talked it over in whispers and revolted. It was Toby, the more outspoken leader of the pair, who had taken charge, calling their mother down from her room and sitting her on the couch. Andrew had stood next to him as Toby had explained that she had to get on with life, they all had to, and that she was going to have to make some changes.

It had been sufficient for Jessica to break out of her funk. She was a naturally submissive sort, perfectly content to let her husband lead the family, and in that moment Toby had stepped into the role. In retrospect it was something she should have predicted - he was a natural leader! Toby wasn't stupid, but he wasn't an intellectual either. He was a well-built and muscular boy, almost six foot tall, and was already the captain of his high school junior varsity basketball team. When she thought about it, Jessica would smile, as she considered he would probably end up in sales or politics.

Andrew, his brother, was a different sort of young man. A year younger, he was smaller, but she knew he would never be the athlete his brother was. It was obvious to anybody who looked at their faces that they were related. They had the same dark brown eyes, the same aquiline nose, even the same dark brown hair, but while Toby's smile was always wide and inviting, Andrew's was often sardonic and wry. His sense of humor was much dryer than his brother. His build was slimmer, with a wiry strength, and the entire family knew he would be going to a much tougher college than his brother. Toby didn't mind; he often joked that after he got out of State, he'd be happy to employ his egghead brother.

The two boys pedaled a touch faster, to keep up with their mother. While neither one would dare to say it, they both thought that the sight of her pedaling a bike was very pleasant. Neither one of them gave it much thought, other than the curiosity all boys have about their mother, but they both knew objectively that Jessica Parnell was an above average specimen of the female species. For one thing, most of their male friends at school had described her as a MILF - a mother they'd like to fuck - and she was also anywhere from five to ten years younger than the average mother of teenagers. She was of average height, but with a well toned body from frequent exercise, with a narrow waist, a tight and hard rear, toned thighs and calves, and a rather impressive bust. At 36, she was in the prime of her life and looked it. Riding behind her and watching her pedal was not a hardship.

Jessica glanced back over her shoulder and smiled at her sons, and pointed left as they neared a crossroad. She barely glanced for traffic before turning to the side and pedaling on. Marsven Hill would be no more than another ten minutes. The boys kept pumping easily and followed in her path. Part of their plan to get her back to normal had been the need to get her active again. Their father had frequently taken them all biking and hiking and active in sports.

The house, Marsven Estate, noticed the approach of visitors. Many people traveled near the house, but almost always were moving too fast. These visitors were moving at little more than a fast walking pace, just preparing to circle the hill. The house began to stir.

Inside, a young man moved up behind his mother. He was wearing slacks and an unbuttoned dress shirt, she was wearing a tank top and denim miniskirt. He began to run his hands along her back and she quickly responded, turning to face him. They embraced in a manner parents and children rarely embrace, then she took his hand and led him into a parlor at the front of the house. She quickly stripped off his shirt, and then as he undid his slacks, she stripped her top and skirt off. They lay down on the rug together.

Jessica Parnell felt her pulse climbing even more that the norm for this stage of a bike ride. She began to feel warmer than usual as well, and pulled at her tank top to let some air get to her. Maybe it was time for a breather. There appeared to be a nice glen up ahead a few hundred feet. That would be a nice spot to rest for a few minutes.

The young man and his mother lay facing each other on the plush carpet, kissing and snuggling against each other as their hands wandered over each other's naked body. It was the mother who took the next step, pushing her son onto his back and then sitting upright. She slowly spun around and crawled over him, straddling his face and lowering her own to the massive erection before her.

Jessica groaned, loudly enough for her sons to notice. She seemed to stagger slightly on her bicycle, and Toby loudly asked "Mom? You all right?" Maybe the ride was too much for her. It felt like it had gotten awfully warm in the last few minutes.

Jessica gasped. "No, maybe just a rest. It almost felt like I was starting to cramp or something."

They pushed on for another minute before pulling off the roadway. A small path led down to the base of Marsven Hill, and Jessica felt quite flushed by the time they made it there. She drank heavily from her clip-on bottle, but she still felt overheated. Laying the bike down, she sat on the grassy sward and lay back. Her sons quickly followed, flanking her.

The mother began grinding her bare pussy onto her son's mouth as she began sucking on his cock like an oversized lollipop. Two more people came into the parlor, a father and a daughter. He was wearing swim trunks and she was wearing a very small halter topped sundress. Once they saw the room was already occupied, the father sat in an overstuffed armchair, then pulled his daughter onto his lap.

"Mom? What's wrong?" asked Andrew nervously.

Jessica groaned again, her back arching. Sweat beaded on her forehead. "It's ... it's just a cramp. I'm just a little warm..." She pulled her tank top away from her chest. It was soaked with sweat. Her legs were splayed wide.

"What, like a Charlie horse or something?" asked Toby. He was suddenly hot and sweating, too. Without thinking, he peeled his tee shirt off, leaving him in his old gym shorts.

"Uh..." Jessica closed her eyes and bit her lower lip silently. She was feeling things so long repressed she barely recognized them anymore.

Toby was kneeling on her left side, and he placed his hands on her left calf. Without being willed to do so, his fingers began to massage the firm muscles under the smooth skin. "Does this help?"

Their mother whimpered slightly and nodded. Toby began kneading her leg muscles. They didn't seem knotted or tight, but he really couldn't be sure. He glanced at his brother and Andrew gently reached out to touch her other leg. Jessica whimpered again, scaring the younger boy, but he kept his grip and began copying his older brother's actions.

The father and his daughter watched the others engaging in sixty-nine on the carpet. After another few minutes, they shifted slightly, and the girl twisted around, tugging her father's swim trunks down. His cock seemed huge, stiff and erect, the cockhead an angry purple. Twisting back, she straddled his lap in reverse, and lifted up. Her father took her hips in his hands and guided her descent, lowering her dripping pussy onto his cock. She gasped happily and wiggled her ass as she dropped down.

Jessica moaned. "Higher, please, higher." Sitting up slightly, she pulled off her sweat soaked tee shirt, leaving her only in her gym shorts and sports bra.

Toby glanced curiously at Andrew, shrugging slightly. His hands slid softly up her leg, to the knee, and then beyond, to the soft and sensitive skin of her thigh. Andrew felt the heat, too, and before he moved his hands, he peeled off his shirt. Now both young men, sweat glistening from their muscular physiques, began rubbing their mother's supple thighs. Jessica began to silently squirm, her hips bucking up off the ground, and her breath began to get raspy.

The house was practically pulsing with energy, a dark and sordid energy. Into the parlor came four more people, father, mother, sister, brother. All four were already naked. The two women began to fondle the men's cocks and ball sacs as they watched the others copulating. It was time to join in. The father lay down on the plush carpet next to the other couple. The daughter climbed onto him, straddling his waist and sinking down onto her father's cock. Her brother moved behind her, kneeling down and pushing his sister forward until she was lying on her father's chest. The mother waited until her son moved forward, and then she took his stiff cock, dripping with precome, and inserted the cockhead into her daughter's asshole. As the daughter cried out as she began orgasming, the mother lay down at their sides as her husband and son reached over to fondle and finger her.

"Oh, God, I'm so hot! I can't stand it!" cried out Jessica. "I can't take it!" Her sons stared as they watched their mother grab the bottom of her sports bra and pull it up and off.

"Oh ... my ... God!" whispered Andrew. For the first time in his life he was seeing are, naked tits, and they actually belonged to his mother! He was fifteen years old and he'd been on several dates already, one with the notoriously easy Daffy Miller, who had actually let him get his hand inside her shirt and under her bra, but that was it. This was simply ... unbelievable!

Toby stared silently. Unlike his still virgin brother, the sixteen year old had seen quite a few totally naked tits. He had also seen quite a few totally naked girls. Ever since the night just over a year ago when Penny Tucker had popped his cherry, the same night, ironically, that his father got run over by the beer truck, Toby Parnell had been eagerly working his way through the cheerleading squad. To be fair about it, Toby was a handsome, popular, and commanding young man, and the cheerleaders were just as enthusiastic about the entire process.

Now, as Toby stared down at his mother, his first thought was simply that she had one hell of an impressive rack! His mother's tits were at least as large as Becky Miller's, and at least as firm as Tara Henning's. They were even nicer than Penny Tucker's new D cups, bought for her by an indulgent father for her last birthday, and which Toby had been one of the first to sample.

Toby's hand moved instinctively up his mother's thigh. Seconds later his hand was pressed firmly into her crotch, and he could feel the moist heat being generated there. He began moving his fingers, cupping her sex and manipulating it through the thin satin of her gym shorts and panties.

Andrew had stopped touching his mother, and was now simply kneeling at her side, staring as she writhed naked on the grass. It became too much for the young widow. Sitting upright, even as one son continued mauling her pussy through her shorts, she twisted to the side and grabbed the other. With a single quick grab, she pulled Andrews shorts and briefs down together.

Andrew was too amazed to do anything. Toby was surprised by his 'little' brother; Andrew was packing some serious heat! Jessica was desperately needy. Seconds after she had pulled her son's shorts down, her mouth was on his cock and her hands were wrapped around him, grabbing his ass cheeks and holding him in place.

It was too much for Andrew. Daffy hadn't done anything more than reach into his pants and rub him off in his shorts. Now his stacked mom was going down on him in an open field while his brother rubbed her off! His cock exploded, filling her mouth with come. "Jesus!" he gasped out.

The sight was too much for Toby. Grabbing Jessica's gym shorts, he tugged them down her legs, along with her plain cotton panties. He kept pulling them down until they were off one leg and dangling on the other ankle, so that she only had her socks and sneakers still on. Quickly crawling between her outstretched legs, he pushed his gym shorts and jock strap down his thighs, so his own sizeable cock was pointed at her. Jessica looked at him and smiled, nodding agreement, and he spread her legs and pushed his cock into her. She moaned as her spasming cunt clenched him.

It was Toby's turn to groan, but he had more control than his younger brother. Smiling at Andrew, he used his head to motion him forward. "Andrew needs some more, Mom. Get back to work, okay?"

Jessica giggled in between her moans. She turned her head to the side again and said "Come closer, baby, I want it, too." She reached over and put a hand between Andrew's legs, to cup his balls. Her youngest son's cock rapidly refilled with blood, to point back at her proudly.

Toby gave some advice to the younger man. "Hold Mom's head up and hold back on coming. Enjoy it and let it last as long as possible."

Jessica glanced up at her baby and silently nodded, her mouth full of his cock. Toby grunted and began pistoning his hips back and forth, slamming his cock in and out. He was even larger than his brother, and his cock was rubbing her clit on both the instroke and outstroke.

Toby had learned a lot of control in the last year but two things were working against him. First, it had been almost a week since Tara had drained him last Saturday night, and the second was that Jessica was fucking like a woman possessed. She had her legs wrapped around him, throwing her pussy up against him as he slammed in, and it was a tight pussy, unused for a year now and extra juicy from her need and desire.

Andrew wasn't in any better shape. With his hands holding his mother's head in place, Jessica was able to use both hands on her son. One kept fondling his balls while the other jacked and stroked his shaft. Her lips were ovalled around him and her tongue was teasing his glans as she suctioned him. Moaning, Andrew lost his last semblance of control, spewing his come into her mouth a second time. The sight of his mother swallowing come was too much for Toby; he slammed in a last time, and his balls erupted, pumping out into Jessica's greedy pussy. He groaned, holding himself upright on his outstretched arms as Jessica collapsed to the turf, whimpering in orgasm as she finally felt fulfilled again as a woman after over a year.

The house continued to pulse with power, deeper and darker than ever before. It was accepting and radiating the energy of the copulating people inside, as groupings and positions changed. The two mothers began an extended saphhic sixty-nine, one sister knelt and accepted her cousin's cock from the rear, and the remaining three men took on the remaining girl, making her airtight. The power pulsed and flowed.

"I need to get up, boys." Jessica struggled to sit upright, gently pushing her sons back. "This ground isn't a mattress, you know." She smiled at the two boys. "Andrew, why don't you lie down. You're young, you won't mind a rock or two." Toby snorted at this, and Andrew lay back, still dazed by what was happening. Already both of their cocks were coming back to life, faster than either had ever experienced before. Jessica climbed to her knees, kicking off her shorts completely, and threw a leg over her youngest son's legs. "Let's try something different." She straddled Andrew's midsection and lowered her come filled pussy onto his straining prick. "Baby, you feel so good!" she exclaimed. She turned her head towards Toby. "Come here, honey, let mommy suck your cock."

"Jesus!" whispered Toby, disbelievingly. He stood up and went to his mother. She turned her head and took him into her mouth, even as she continued to ride his brother. It was an outstanding blowjob. Toby immediately realized his mother was a better cocksucker than almost all of the girls he had fucked so far. Toby held her head in his hands, running his fingers through her shoulder length red hair as she bobbed back and forth on his cock. "Jesus!" he repeated.

"Come in my mouth, baby. I love to swallow!" she gasped, sweat rolling down her body in the heat of the moment. Toby could see small beads forming on her nipples, to drop off and splash on his brother's heaving chest. She moved her head back and took Toby deep inside again. He groaned in amazement.

In a matter of seconds, all eight people in the parlor exploded in orgasm, with fluids splashing forward, drenching each other, soaking into the carpets and furniture. The house fed on the energy, as a single final and gigantic pulse swept through it, radiating outwards. People collapsed in exhaustion.

"I'm coming! I'm coming!" cried out Andrew. He thrust his hips upwards, driving his cock in even deeper, as his cock spasmed and twitched, pumping another oversized load into Jessica. Toby simply gasped as he came; no longer able to contain himself, he held his mother's face in his hands as he ruthlessly rammed his cock into it, spewing jism into her. Like his brother, his come was a massive load, and even though Jessica, orgasming herself, tried to swallow, a fair bit dribbled from her lips, down her chin, and onto her bouncing tits.
Chapter 2
Home - Top   Feedback to author


Home « rlfj's Page « Influence of the House of Incest Index « Previous - Settings
Chapter 2
Posted: August 22, 2008 - 09:14:38 pm
Updated: November 13, 2009 - 01:21:38 pm

Jessica Parnell lay between her two sons on the grass, half dazed and in a state of disbelief. Sitting upright, she looked around the little dell. Toby and Andrew lay beside her as naked as she was, with nothing on but the socks and sneakers, dozing in sexual satiation. Their clothing seemed strewn around the little grassy glen, only her own shorts and panties were near to hand. Glancing downward, she saw the remains of the afternoon's excesses drying on her breasts, along with a thin sheen of perspiration cooling her exposed skin. Touching her breasts, she wiped up a small lingering dollop of Toby's come and brought the finger to her mouth, where she felt drying jism on her chin.

Jessica couldn't believe her condition. She reached down to her feet and snagged her shorts and panties with her fingers. She began to pull her panties on when she realized she needed to clean up some first. Grimacing, she wadded up the bikini briefs she had been wearing and wiped the drying remains off herself, first rubbing off her lips and chin, then moving down to her tits, and then finally she began rubbing between her legs. She eyed her soiled underwear skeptically, then tucked them into her fanny pack, the first thing she had discarded in their earlier frenzy.

Andrew began stirring, rising up on his elbows and looking around sleepily. He looked at his mother as she began slipping her legs into her gym shorts, commando style. "Mom?"

"Come on, sweetie, time to get up." Twisting in the other direction, she nudged her older son. An eye fluttered open groggily. "Come on, Toby, we need to go home now. We need to get cleaned up." Jessica climbed to her feet, pulling up her shorts, then walked over to her discarded top and bra.

Toby groaned as he came alive. He stared at his mother for a moment, then turned his head in disbelief towards Andrew. "Do you believe this shit?" he whispered incredulously. Andrew had no reply, although his wide-eyed stare was reply enough. Toby climbed to his feet and moved off to find his own clothing, leaving Andrew to scramble after his shorts and shirt.

Jessica was the first to go to her bicycle. Picking it up off the ground, she leaned it against her hip as she pulled her helmet on over her tousled hair. "Now that is what I call exercise!" she declared, giggling. "Race you home!" She climbed onto the seat and set off, laughing, as her sons stared after her.

The two boys fumbled into their clothing, shaking their heads. "Man, this is some weird shit!" commented Andrew.

"No shit!" agreed Toby.

"Did we really just fuck the shit out of Mom?"

"Yeah!"

"And she acts like it was nothing? So now what?"

Toby grinned. "Well, right now I'm going to get on my bike, chase her down, and tear off another piece or two when we get home. You got any better ideas?"

"This is so fucking unreal!"

The two young men quickly caught up to their mother, who had settled back down to a less frenzied pace once she got out of sight of the boys. She looked over her shoulder and grinned at them as she sensed them approaching from behind, and then speeded up slightly. Andrew and Toby were content to follow closely, wondering if pussy juice and come were seeping out to stain her shorts and bike seat.

As they approached their neighborhood, Jessica reached into her fanny pack for the garage door opener. It was already starting to slide upwards as she pulled into the driveway, but she still had to slow down, giving the two boys their final chance to catch up. Jessica pedaled inside, although her sons climbed off their seats and pushed their bikes inside. When she climbed off her seat, it was obvious to both young men that her shorts had a noticeable come stain in the crotch.

Jessica fished in her pack for the house keys and let them into the laundry room between the garage and the kitchen. Stopping there, she said "I am simply filthy, and you two can't be much better. We need to clean up." She opened the lid to the washing machine, to find it with a wet load of whites that needed to be transferred to the drier. "Put that stuff in the drier." she told Andrew.

Andrew opened the drier to find a load of colored clothes. Grabbing a laundry basket, he handed it to Toby. "Empty that."

Toby and Andrew moved the laundry around. Jessica waited until the washer was empty, then stripped naked in the laundry room, kicking off her sneakers and peeling off her athletic socks. She pulled open the fanny pack and pulled the soggy panties out, and then tossed everything in the washer. The two boys stared at her briefly until she ordered them to get undressed as well. All of their clothing went into the washer along with hers. It was a small load, so she set the washer accordingly.

The sight of their beautiful and naked mother had the anticipated affect on the two young men. Both of their cocks slowly but surely filled with blood, to point directly at her. Jessica pushed the button on the washer, starting the cycle, then stepped closer to them. Her hands went to their crotches, to stroke their erections pleasantly. Standing on her toes, she kissed them quickly on the lips, much to their amazement. "Come on, we need to get clean, too." She turned and took their hands and pulled them towards the kitchen.

The vision of the threesome traipsing blissfully naked hand-in-hand through the house dissolved within five feet, ending when both Andrew and Toby tried to squeeze through the doorway to the kitchen with their mother. Jessica laughed as the boys bounced back into the laundry room. "Just you two follow me." She led the way through the house to the stairs and Toby and Andrew followed, curious. They continued down to the end of the hall, where their mother's bedroom was. Jessica and Andrew Sr. had purchased a fairly large colonial just a few years prior to his death, taking out the veritable 'mortgage from hell' to do so. The master bedroom was actually a small suite, with a bedroom, walk-in closet, dressing area, and overgrown bathroom. They followed her into the bedroom and on into the bath. Jessica reached in and adjusted the water. "I don't know just how much water we're going to be saving, but it's for the good of the planet, you know."

"I'm all for saving the environment!" agreed Toby enthusiastically. He stepped inside with his mother.

"All for one and one for all." agreed his younger brother. Andrew stepped inside and awkwardly pulled the door shut.

It was a sizable shower, although not extravagant. For one person it was comfortable. Two people needed to be friendly. Three people needed to be very friendly. Jessica handed the soap to Andrew and the detachable showerhead to Toby and asked them to clean her up. Then she reached down and began to give them both hand jobs, allowing the soap washing down their strong bodies to lubricate her fingers.

"Oh, God!" exclaimed Andrew, gasping as he felt his mother jerking him off towards release. He gave up any pretense of trying to wash anything, and stood there, eyes shut and one hand on her shoulder as she jacked his cock. After only another few minutes he was spurting on her soapy belly. Toby was next, as he smiled down at her, spraying water over them both, as she manipulated him to ejaculation. He grunted happily, then washed away his come. The threesome then concentrated on cleaning themselves up before shutting off the dwindling supply of hot water and stepping out of the shower.

Jessica handed her sons bath towels from the linen closet and took one for herself. They dried off roughly, and then the two boys followed their mother back into the bedroom, not sure of what was to happen next. Jessica simply crawled onto her bed and flopped over onto her back. Smiling, she patted both sides of the bed and crooked her fingers at the two, inviting them closer. Toby and Andrew crawled onto the bed, flanking her.

Jessica raised her arms and the boys snuggled up against her. She moved her arms down, to hug them, saying "Mmmmm, this is nice. It's been so long since, well, since, you know..."

Toby nodded and kissed her on the cheek, and then surprised her by sitting upright and crossing his legs Indian fashion. "Mom, I don't know what happened to us earlier. This is kind of weird, you know."

Jessica eyed his cock, laying limp in his lap, then smiled. She sat upright, too, but then began piling the pillows up behind her. She lay back against them in an indulgent manner. "I know and I don't understand it either, but it felt right. It still feels right. Are you complaining?" she asked teasingly.

Andrew had crawled upright himself, and gulped loudly. He was staring at his naked and sexy mother and simply shook his head. "Uh, no." he mumbled. This whole afternoon had been surreal.

It was equally surreal to his older brother, but Toby had a more practical approach to life. Aside from whatever moral qualms he might have had, he had gotten well laid this afternoon and was facing the prospect of a considerable increase in his already significant diet of sex. "Not at all. I don't think you're complaining either."

Jessica actually blushed at this. "No, I'm not complaining."

Toby felt confident enough to continue teasing her. "Mom, well, I know, I mean we both know..." Toby gestured towards Andrew. " ... that you and Dad were pretty, uh, happy together."

Jessica blushed even more furiously at that. "You knew?!"

Andrew laughed at this. "Mom, it's a miracle the whole neighborhood didn't know. You tend to get loud, and Dad tended to grunt a lot!"

"Yeah, Mom, I mean we could hear you two getting it on every night!" agreed his older sibling.

Jessica buried her face in her hands and laughed at this. When she looked up, she had tears on her face, but they were happy tears. "Oh, I miss him, but they're good memories, too."

Toby laid a hand on his mother's knee and contemplated her briefly. Naked, she looked just as nice as he could hope for. Her skin was very supple and smooth, her belly was slightly rounded, but just enough to show a deep navel, her large breasts sagged slightly, but just enough to show they were the real breasts of a real woman, not the plastic cones of a silicone loaded centerfold. He idly ran his fingers around her knee, and when he touched the back of her knee, he watched curiously as she reacted. Jessica's breath involuntarily caught and her bottom squirmed around slightly on the bed. Toby realized it was one of those 'secondary' spots he had read about in Penthouse that turned women on, as opposed to the normal reactions from playing with their tits and pussies. He had already learned about these from Tara Lupinsky, who at a school dance had orgasmed in his arms when he had just nibbled on her neck for a few minutes.

Now, as Toby stroked the back of Jessica's knee subtly, he watched her nipples extend, and a slight flush come to her face and neck. "So, Mom, what kind of things did Dad do that made you scream so loudly?" he teased.

Jessica blushed. "Well, just what you're doing now, if you have to know. He liked to touch me first, not just ram it in and then fall to sleep." She glanced at her sons and smiled. "That's a very important thing to learn, you two."

Andrew was the one who responded. "Mom, you know me! I'm the straight A student. I love being taught!" His brother laughed hysterically at this.

Jessica giggled as well. "Good for you. I have some other lessons as well. "Your father also liked, shall we say, fine dining. That's a really excellent lesson to learn." She pointed between her legs and motioned her youngest to get between them. "I think you need a lesson right now."

As his brother crawled into place, Toby asked "Are you going to shave again?" Jessica's bush was dark and trim.

"How did you know I shaved my pussy?" she asked.

"Some of your swimsuits aren't as opaque as you might think, Mom. I could tell."

"That was one of the things I did for your father. Would you like that again?"

Andrew didn't really understand the discussion, so when Toby answered positively, he simply nodded agreement. Laying down with his body between his mother's outstretched legs, Andrew was face to face with her pussy, which he could see through the forest of dark curls, and which he could smell as well. It was an interesting scent, clean yet powerful. He looked at it briefly, then raised his eyes to meet hers. "Uh..."

"Here, baby, let me show you." Jessica reached down and spread her pubic hair enough to show him the anatomy of a pussy and began describing the parts. Toby found the entire affair just as interesting as his sibling. He had more practical knowledge, but never anything like this, and it was a whole lot better than scrambling around the back seat of a car or sneaking into a friend's room with a girl at a party. "Now Andrew, this final little thing is my clit, and if you want to make a girl happy, just make sure you take care of this. And my last piece of advice - you will never go wrong by giving her an extra orgasm or two. If you have licked her pussy and made her come and she wants you to fuck her, lick her some more and make her come again!"

"Is that what Dad used to do?" he asked, a smile on his face and a twinkle in his eyes.

"Absolutely!"

Andrew put his face down and began to lick Jessica's cunt, using long strokes, tonguing her from end to end and making sure he flicked it over her clit. Jessica sighed happily. Toby moved up on the bed and began playing with her tits. He had already learned an awful lot about that with the cheerleading squad and several other enthusiastic volunteers. Jessica squirmed happily on the bed, her eyes closed, and reached over with one hand to began softly caressing the stiff cock pointing at the ceiling.

"And what did you do for Dad to get him going?" asked Toby.

"Whatever he wanted." she answered dreamily. Toby pinched her nipples at this and her eyes opened. "No harder than that, honey, please. That isn't one of the things we were into, pain, I mean, we didn't do that."

"Sorry!" Toby yanked his hands off her tits like they were a red hot pan.

Jessica reached out and took his hands, pulling them back. "That was all right, just don't get any harder. I like my tits to be played with. Your father and I would play a long time before fucking, and I would let him come anywhere he wanted."

It was Toby's turn to look confused. Jessica smiled at her eldest and explained "Honey, when your father was ready to pop, I didn't mind whatever he wanted me to do. If he wanted me to swallow, I swallowed. If he wanted to give me a facial or spray my tits, that was fine, too. If he was in my pussy or my ass, he could come there. I liked it all!"

"Your ass! Dad fucked your ass?!" Toby stared at Jessica in amazement. He had seen a few porn movies with his buddies where a woman took it up the tailpipe, but that was just a movie. He couldn't believe a real woman would do that, and had never even thought about being with a girl who would let him try it.

"Yes, honey, we did. Not all the time, but maybe once a week or so. It hurts a touch at the start, but, mmmm... , after that..."

"Wow!"

Jessica tugged his cock playfully. "We'll try that, too. Don't worry. You boys are extra ... masculine, but so was your father. Just get me really turned on and lubed up, and go slow."

"Holy shit!" he breathed quietly.

Jessica tugged his cock some more. Glancing down to her younger son, she said "Sweetie, you are doing so fine! Just don't stop, ever!" Both of the others heard a slight chuckle, muffled by pussy. Jessica turned back to Toby. "Come on, baby, let Momma suck you off and swallow!" She tugged on his cock again.

Toby took the hint and brought his cock to her lips. The position was a bit strange, stretched out over her, his cock in her mouth with her hands wrapped around his muscular rear, pulling him in. It felt like he was down her throat, and he didn't last very long at all. Groaning, he filled her mouth with jism, and she swallowed it completely, just like she had promised.

Gasping, Toby collapsed to the side, and once he was out of the way, Jessica pulled Andrew up by the ears. "You are so good!" she exclaimed. A grin split his face, shiny with pussy juice. "Get up here and fuck me good!" Andrew's cock was painfully stiff and easily slid into her. Jessica wrapped her legs around his waist and her arms around his neck and back, and noisily urged him on, to fuck her pussy hard and fast. He didn't last much longer than his brother.
Chapter 3
Home - Top   Feedback to author


Home « rlfj's Page « Influence of the House of Incest Index « Previous - Settings
Chapter 3
Posted: August 29, 2008 - 04:22:48 pm
Updated: November 13, 2009 - 01:21:38 pm

The three incestuously occupied family members lounged briefly on the bed, but Jessica decided to get up. "Come on, boys, you need to get up, too."

"Aw, Ma, do we have to?" whined Toby in an excellent mimicry of Andrew when he was little.

Andrew snorted derisively, but Jessica laughed loudly. "Yes, you do! Come on, get up."

"What's next?" asked her youngest.

"Not what you think, buster. I think we should go out for dinner tonight."

"Huh?" Andrew may have been taking the new relationship in stride, but he didn't think the rest of the world would.

"You wanted to know what your father and I used to do, to keep things happy? Well, this is one of them. We would go out, usually every month or so, on dates. We would get dressed up and have dinner or go to a movie or something, like back when we were dating." she explained.

"I don't know..."

"Don't worry, silly. I'll just put on a pretty dress and you two dress nicely and we'll go out to dinner. It will simply be a happy mother out with her two handsome sons and proud to be with them."

Toby smiled. "Just how happy did your dates with Dad get?"

"Very happy."

"Was that before or after the wedding?"

Jessica giggled again. "That was from about our first date. Your father was a very sexy guy, and we always had happy dates." She shooed the boys from the bedroom. "Now you boys get cleaned up and clean the house up, too. We won't be going out for a while, and a girl needs to get ready."

Once the boys had left her bedroom, Jessica pulled a robe out and wrapped it around herself. She sat back down on the edge of her rumpled bed and looked around. She signed in resigned amusement; she needed to clean her bedroom as well, but if she asked either Toby or Andrew to help, they'd simply come back in and start fucking her again! She reached into the bottom drawer of her nightstand and pulled out the phone book, and leafed through the Yellow Pages to 'Restaurants.'

It was half past seven when she came out of her room and down the stairs. She glanced around the living room. It was neater, but not really clean enough for her standards, and tomorrow she would have the boys give the house a good going-over. A combination of explicit threats and exquisite rewards had often been useful to keep Andrew Sr. in line, and she certainly expected her sons would cooperate as well. A skimpy top and short skirt would be the carrot; cutting them off would be the stick.

"Wow, you look great!" exclaimed Toby, coming into the living room from the kitchen. Andrew followed him and gave a wolf whistle.

"Thank you, sweetie." After showering and cleaning up, Jessica had slipped on a dress she hadn't worn since before her husband had been killed. It was a beige wrap dress, sleeveless, low cut at the neck but tasteful, a few inches short of the knee. It was sexy without being slutty. She was also wearing nylons and high heeled sandals. She pirouetted before her sons, and the light fabric of the skirt twirled, rising a few more inches, showing off her thighs. "Do you like it?"

"What's not to like?" commented Toby. He wasn't sure if it was new, or if he had simply never noticed her wearing it before, but it was everything he wanted a woman to be wearing - something easily removed! He couldn't tell what she had on under it - the top was cut low at the neckline, front and back, and a bra might or might not show - but he didn't think it was much.

Andrew simply whistled again.

Jessica smiled and began transferring her keys and wallet from her handbag to a small clutch purse. She looked at how her sons had dressed and smiled to herself. It was so like the two boys' different personalities. Andrew was wearing dark slacks, dark brown shoes, dark socks, and a black dress shirt, long sleeved and buttoned to the neck. Toby was wearing dress khakis, loafers without socks, and a snowy white dress shirt, casually rolled up his sleeves to the upper wrist and with two buttons open at the top, showing a couple of gold chains. Her youngest looked like a scientist, her eldest like a used car salesman.

Dinner was at Christopher's, a pleasant place with a lot of rough wood and deer antlers trying to project a rustic feel. The Parnells saw several people they knew, but only one person asked if they were out for any special occasion. Jessica simply smiled and waved the idea off, saying she and the boys had been feeling a little cooped up. Throughout dinner, however, a definite subcurrent of sexuality pulsed.

"So, Mom, when did you start dating Dad?" asked Andrew. At fifteen he had barely begun dating himself. The entire concept of his parents dating was foreign to him.

Jessica's eyes widened at this. "Oh, well, I mean, I always knew your father. We grew up together and went to school together from the first grade on. Still, I didn't officially 'date' him until I was about Toby's age or so. I guess we were sixteen, although he was a few months older than I was. It's been about twenty years or so."

"Was he the first guy you ever dated?"

"Oh, no. I started going out actually when I was fourteen, at least to school dances and such. Your grandfather wasn't all that thrilled about it, but your grandmother told him that if they didn't let me do it openly, I'd just go out anyway and lie to them about it."

Toby smiled. "So, were all your dates happy? Or just the ones with Dad?" He asked this with a sly smirk on his face.

Jessica swatted her eldest lightly. "Aren't you little Mister Nosy."

"That's not an answer."

"I think a girl should keep a few secrets at least."

"Uh, uh, Mom. You were the one who was talking about happy dates earlier." commented Andrew.

Jessica simply rolled her eyes at this. "Well, if you have to know..."

"We have to!" interjected Toby.

" ... Not my first few dates, but after that, pretty much most of them. Certainly all of them with your father were pretty happy."

"How old were you when you, well, you know..." asked Andrew, stumbling over the words.

"Popped my cherry?" she asked in a whisper. Her eyes were twinkling. "Probably younger than either of you two. I was fifteen, just turned fifteen, in fact." Her eyes got a distant look to them as she remembered back over the years.

"And?" Andrew asked but only because he opened his mouth before his brother did. Toby looked at his mother as curiously as his sibling did.

"Well, it was Bobby, uh, Turncott, yes Bobby Turncott. Anyway, he was sixteen and we were over at the McDonald's after a movie and when we left he decided to take me parking. It was our second date, and after the first one we had gotten fairly far kissing. So we drove up by the reservoir and pulled in behind some trees and we climbed into the back seat. Well, we got to kissing and then he started touching me and well, you know."

"Wow!" commented Toby. "And after that, you ... all the time?"

Jessica shrugged her shoulders. "Pretty much. I mean, it's funny, but in all the books and stories, the first time is supposed to be painful and hurried and not so great? Not for me. That first time was terrific! I couldn't imagine why anyone wouldn't want to do it!"

"How come you didn't start dating Dad until you were sixteen?"

She shrugged again. "I don't know. Probably because he never asked me." She shrugged once more. "Hey, girls tend to mature earlier than guys do. That's why so many girls want to date older guys. It's not because he's a junior or senior, it's because her classmates are a bunch of retards about girls, you know." Both her sons gave a wry look at this, both because they had classmates like this and suspected they had been the same way. "Maybe your father simply didn't grow up enough to ask me. I ended up asking him when he was sixteen."

"And your first date with Dad was happy?"

Their mother got a dreamy look on her face and smiled. "Very happy. Many times very happy! By the time we started dating, he had really grown up. He was just gorgeous." She lowered her voice conspiratorially. "And very, very ... masculine."

Both boys understood their mother completely. He had been hung like a horse. "Uh, compared to Dad..." stumbled out Andrew.

Jessica patted her sons' hands softly. "You two are just as masculine as your father was. Don't worry about that."

Once they had left the restaurant, Jessica handed Toby her car keys. He looked at his mother curiously. "All fun aside, I've had at least one drink too many. Don't ever, ever, ever drink and drive. Promise me that."

Toby was a little taken aback by her seriousness. "Yeah, sure, Mom."

She looked at both of her sons. "No, I'm serious. I've already lost a husband to a drunk driver. I'd just die if anything ever happened to either of you two."

"Okay, I promise."

Andrew watched this, only to find his mother's gaze resting on him next. "Yeah, me too."

"Say it!"

"I promise."

Jessica looked more relaxed. "Okay. Thank you. I didn't mean to ruin the evening. I'm sorry."

Toby hugged her shoulder against his, then ran a finger down her back. It didn't seem like there could be a bra underneath her dress, but he still wasn't a hundred percent sure. "Nothing's ruined."

Jessica smiled as she felt her son touching her. She grinned at him. "Trying to see how happy this date gets?"

"Well..."

Jessica turned to her boys and glanced around the dark parking lot. Nobody was near or could see them. She tossed her purse in the car and groped them both. "I just love happy dates!"

Toby groaned and a bead of sweat popped out on Andrew's forehead. Once Jessica relented, Toby grabbed the keys. He couldn't wait to get home! Jessica continued to tease her sons during the short drive home.

Toby had to let them into the house, since the house keys were on the same key ring as the car keys. Jessica continued to grope her sons surreptitiously as they stood in the doorway. "So, Mom, just how happy does this date get?" asked Andrew, smiling.

"There's a whole spectrum of happiness." interjected his brother, much to Jessica's amusement. "It all depends on you how happy a date gets."

"Oh, really?!" commented Andrew snarkily.

Toby managed to get the door open and let them all inside. "Sure. For instance, on a scale of zero to ten, tonight you just get a One."

"A One!" cried Andrew.

"Absolutely. A One gets you a hearty handshake and a kiss on the cheek."

"That's a one?! What in the world is a Zero?"

"No kiss on the cheek." Toby laughed and pushed his mother towards his brother. "Go on, Mom, give him a One."

Jessica laughed at this and shook her youngest's hand, and then leaned forward, kissing him quickly on both cheeks. "Maybe you should get a Two."

"This is pretty bogus!" complained Andrew.

"Settle down." ordered Toby. He turned Jessica back towards himself. "Now if the date went nicely, not perfect, but pretty nice, maybe you can work your way up to a Six." Toby placed his hands on her shoulders and pushed down, directing her to a kneeling position in front of him. "Mom, I think I need a Six."

Jessica laughed again. "Totally bogus!" complained Andrew.

Toby simply smiled. He had dressed commando style, so when Jessica unzipped his pants his stiff prick popped right out into her face. He was already fairly excited, with a small bead of precome on the tip of his cock. Jessica licked that off and then began to vigorously suck and jack on her son's cock. It wasn't very long before Toby let out with a loud groan and Jessica began to noisily gulp down his load.

She climbed to her feet and licked her lips. "That was definitely a Six." commented Toby, zipping himself up again.

"Hey, I thought our date was worth at least a Six, too.', complained Andrew. His brother laughed and his mother simply smiled sympathetically. "So if a kiss is a One and a blowjob is a Six, what's a Four?"

Toby and Jessica looked at each other and grinned. "Hand job!" they said in unison.

Andrew blushed and the others immediately knew that was all he had ever had up until that day. Toby commented "Maybe what you need is an Eight."

Andrew's eyes lit up at this. "Yeah, an Eight! What's an Eight?!"

"Yes, Toby, what is an Eight?" asked Jessica.

"Well, if your date is worth an Eight, the girl brings you inside, drags you over to the couch, and gives you the ride of your life."

Andrew's eyes glazed over a touch. "Wow, if that's an Eight, what's a Ten?"

"We'll get to that later. Right now, Mom is going to give you an Eight."

Jessica laughed. She put her hands on her youngest son's chest and began pushing him back into the living room. "I guess the date was better than I first thought. How about an Eight?"

"Absolutely!"

Andrew quickly backed up to the couch and began fumbling his pants open. As soon as his zipper was down and his belt loose, Jessica took charge. She stepped close and grabbed his waistband and shoved both his slacks and his briefs down past his hips. Once they were at mid-thigh, she brought her hands up to his chest and pushed. Andrew dropped onto the couch, his cock stiff and pointed at the ceiling. "Now, get ready for the ride of your life, baby!"

Neither teen had been entirely sure what their mother had worn underneath her dress, but they quickly found out. Jessica pulled the wrap skirt open and crawled onto Andrew's lap, straddling his outstretched legs. As soon as she was in position, she dropped down onto his cock; she was already wet with anticipation and he slid easily up and into her. Then she pulled her top apart enough that her large tits popped out at her son. It was obvious to both boys that her nylons had actually been thigh top stockings.

"Oh my God!" He instinctively reached up and began to fondle her exposed breasts, and then went further, to lift them to his lips to begin sucking the nipples.

"Sweet Jesus!" exclaimed Jessica. She began riding her son's cock — hard. She was moaning and bouncing on him, her hands behind his head, pulling him tightly to her chest. "Fuck me, fuck me, fuck me!"

"Way to go, Andrew!" cheered on Toby. "Fuck her, fuck her!"

"Fuck me! Fuck me!" cried out Jessica.

"Play with your clit, Mom. Play with yourself." Toby ordered.

Jessica reached between herself and Andrew, where they were joined together, and began rubbing the top of her greasy slit. The sounds coming from her lips were no longer coherent phrases, but only cries of orgasmic pleasure.

Andrew continued sucking his mother's big tits, but the feel of her fingers between them was too much. Groaning, he collapsed backwards as the jism raced up his cockshaft as his cock spasmed. A full load, generated since the afternoon, pumped up into her twitching pussy.

Toby helped his mother to her feet, and she adjusted her clothing again, so that her dress draped correctly and her top was back in place. He glanced at his brother, who looked rather fucked out, with come covering his wet, limp prick. "Time to get up, bro. Mom is about to demonstrate a Ten."

Andrew looked up curiously, and Jessica turned and asked "A Ten?" Toby smiled and leaned down, to whisper in her ear. "You're kidding, right?" He whispered again, and she simply nodded and smiled. "Okay."

Her youngest son stood up and pulled up his pants. "All right, this I have to see. Show me what a Ten is." he said with a smirk.

Jessica turned to her eldest and began to undo the buttons holding her wrap together, but he stopped her. "No, let's show him just like a real date."

"Like what?"

"Like I was just getting you to the door and you decided I deserved a Ten."

Jessica simply shook her head as she allowed Toby to take her over to the front door. He actually went so far as to go out the front door with him. As soon as the door had closed behind them, the door opened again, and Jessica was pulling her 'date' inside by the hand. "Oh, baby, that was the best date in the world!" she exclaimed loudly.

"Just how good a date was it, honey?" Toby asked innocently.

"Oh, baby, it was a Ten!" Jessica undid the buttons on her wrap dress and pulled it off, to toss it to the side and stand before him in only her stockings and heels. "I want you to take me upstairs and fuck my ass all night long, so that I can make you breakfast in the morning!"

"Okay! Let's go!" Toby followed as Jessica skipped through the living room to the stairs and went upstairs. Andrew followed in disbelief, tripping on the top step as he eyed his practically naked mother sashaying down the hallway.

By the time Andrew got back to his feet and raced down the hallway to his mother's bedroom, Jessica and Toby were getting ready for the 'Ten.' Jessica was kneeling on the edge of her bed, legs spread and face down on a pillow. Toby was standing behind her, his shirt already off. He kicked his shoes off, and then undid his khakis and kicked them aside. It was only then that Andrew noticed a small tube on the bed.

"What's that?" asked Andrew.

Jessica ignored him for a second, looking back over her shoulder and saying "Fuck my pussy, honey." Toby moved up behind her and used his fingers to guide his resurrected cock into her dripping pussy from behind. It was a position Andrew knew from watching porn with his buddies as 'doggy style.' Jessica twisted her head back towards Andrew. "Baby, that is a tube of AstroGlide, and you use it to lube up an asshole before fucking it."

Andrew simply stared at the two fornicating people. "You ... you were serious about that? Toby's going to fuck your ass? I thought that was just a saying, like saying you're going to fuck the shit out of somebody, or something."

Toby continued to slowly plow his mother from behind. He was much more experienced than his brother, but while he knew what anal sex was, hadn't experienced it either. He decided to keep fucking his mother's pussy until she told him to do something else.

"No, it's real and in just a few minutes, Toby's cock is going to be fucking my asshole. Hand him the AstroGlide." Jessica luxuriated in the feel as Toby's cock sawed slowly in and out of her pussy. "Mmmm ... I ought to just make you keep fucking my pussy." she murmured.

"But then it wouldn't be a Ten." commented Toby.

Jessica snorted. "Okay, so we're doing a Ten. Just follow directions, or you are going to be doing a One for the foreseeable future." Toby chuckled but agreed. "Seriously, a woman's butt is not really designed for this, so you need to be careful and go slowly. Grease it up ahead of time. Now, open the cap and squirt some on your fingers and work it into my butt."

Toby slowed down the pace of his fucking even further, and opened the flip cap of the tube. He squirted a tiny drop onto his index finger and rubbed it on her buttocks.

Jessica promptly looked back at him. "I don't think your cock is going there, do you? Put more, a lot more, on your fingers and rub it right on my asshole. Then do it again." She waited, her rear up in the air, while Toby followed directions. "Now, put some more on your finger and work it slowly right up my ass."

Toby stared down somewhat dubiously at the little brown rosette just above where his cock was fucking her. While the idea of assfucking was intriguing and fun to joke about, the reality was somewhat different. He gingerly pushed his index finger inside, not sure what to expect, and at his mother's groan, he immediately yanked it out again. "Sorry!"

"That wasn't pain, baby! Just put it back in slowly, and then move it all around." Toby's finger went back in, and his mother began groaning and moaning again, and she began fucking back at the cock in her pussy harder. "Now, another finger." Toby pulled out enough to put both his index and middle fingers in place, eliciting another loud and happy moan. When he placed the ring finger of his hand inside as well, she simply whimpered.

Panting, Jessica said "Now, pull your cock out and grease that up, too. Keep your fingers in my ass. Grease up good."

Somehow her son managed to keep a finger in her asshole while opening the tube and getting some AstroGlide on his cock. "Uhhh ... okay."

"Now, pull your fingers out and put your cock in, and go slow, please."

Toby pulled his fingers from Jessica's rear and grabbed his lubed cock. By the time his cockhead had lined up on her asshole, it had winked shut, but a little forward pressure put the head through the little ring. Once inside, he simply pushed forward slowly, as Jessica moaned beneath him. "Wow, it's in!" he said.

"Oh, God, yes!" gasped his mother.

"What's it like?" asked Andrew excitedly.

"Oh, it's so good." whispered Jessica. Toby's full insertion had been a bit faster than she had expected, and she was still feeling a twinge of pain. His cock was a touch longer than his father's, though thankfully a hair thinner as well. She pushed back at the anal intruder, seating him fully. "Go slow, honey, but fuck my asshole, please, fuck my asshole!" she said in a quiet whimper.

"This is so fucking unreal." Toby told his brother. "It is so hot and tight and greasy. I just won't be able to keep it up for long."

Jessica complained at the sound of that. "No, don't stop, keep it in, keep fucking me." she begged.

Toby's eyes lit up. Looking at his brother, he said "Come on, you're next. Get undressed and lubed up. After I nut into Mom's ass, I'll pull out and you can give it to her. This is so fucking great!" Jessica moaned incoherently at the idea.

"Cool!" exclaimed Andrew, quickly stripping naked. He picked up the tube of AstroGlide from where it was laying on the bed and squirted some in the palm of his right hand, then began to stroke himself.

It began to become too much for his older brother. If he hadn't already gotten a blowjob downstairs, Toby didn't think he could have lasted beyond the first few strokes, it was just that good. Now, as Jessica's orgasmic moans rose to a low wail, he pushed in hard and unloaded into her, pulling her hips back as he did to hold her in place.

Jessica was sobbing with relief when she felt the two boys moving behind her. Suddenly she felt an emptiness, but the two scurried around and then another cock slid swiftly into place. This time there wasn't any pain at all, just blessed relief that she was going to get assfucked again.

"Jesus!" commented Andrew, staring down at his cock hard up his mother's rectum.

"No shit! Now fuck the shit out of her, man. It is so fucking good!" exclaimed his enthusiastic brother. He stood there next to Andrew for a moment watching.

Jessica roused herself enough to twist her head to the side and look at her eldest. "Toby, you need to go wash up."

"I want to watch!"

"Toby, have you really thought about what we were just doing? Go wash up, please."

Toby's eyes widened as he caught the meaning behind her words, and he scampered off to the bathroom, leaving his brother behind to pound Jessica's ass. When Toby returned, Jessica was now laying flat on the bed, with Andrew now riding her thighs from behind, his cock still up her ass. "Oh, this is so sweet!" said Andrew.

"Fuck me, fuck me, fuck me..." Jessica was babbling, insane with lust, lost in the moment, her every thought concerned with her physical pleasures and the sensations coursing through her body. "Fuck me, fuck me, fuck me..."

It became too much for Andrew. Collapsing on his mother's back, his hips began to churn in an involuntary twitch, as his cock spasmed and his balls pumped another load into Jessica's rear. The two lay joined in a sweaty stupor until Andrew rolled over and onto his back. Jessica slowly rose to her feet, careful to keep the brown jism now leaking from her, from touching the bedspread. She pulled Andrew to his feet. "Come on, you two, time for another shower."

"That was unreal." commented Toby.

Andrew simply grunted agreement.
Chapter 4
Home - Top   Feedback to author


Home « rlfj's Page « Influence of the House of Incest Index « Previous - Settings
Chapter 4
Posted: September 15, 2008 - 03:21:35 pm
Updated: November 25, 2010 - 09:53:06 pm

Jessica struggled to get out of bed quietly. She woke to find herself sandwiched between her sons, both snuggled up against her, and sound asleep. Toby was nestled up against her back, snoring lightly, an arm wrapped warmly around her waist. Andrew was facing away from her but backed up against her, and was snoring even louder. Jessica squirmed out from under the covers and slid down the bed to the foot, where she slipped to the floor and stood up. Turning, she tossed the sheet back over the two boys. She had to suppress a giggle at the sight. Absent his mother, Toby had moved closer to his brother. Wouldn't they both be surprised to wake up finding themselves sleeping in each other's arms!

Jessica went into her bathroom and closed the door as quietly as possible. She slipped on her terry bathrobe and then sat down to use the toilet. After that came brushing her teeth. Normally she would shower, but she had done that last night with the boys, and everyone had been too exhausted from the day's activities to do anything more than snuggle together and fall asleep. Still wearing her robe, she turned off the bathroom light and cracked the door open.

Jessica suppressed the giggle again. Toby now had an arm draped over Andrew. Both boys were still snoring. Their father had been different, an early riser like Jessica. Most weekend mornings they had woken up much earlier than their sons, allowing for frequent early morning romps in the sack.

She snuck out of the bedroom and went downstairs. First stop was the basement, where the washer and dryer were located. She rummaged through the clean clothes for something to wear, something that would send the proper message to her sons. She settled on a tank top and a denim skirt. The robe got tossed in the pile of dirty laundry. Barefoot, she went back upstairs.

Jessica still hadn't heard any noise from the second floor indicating anybody else in the house was awake. Deciding it was time to wake her sons, she began working in the kitchen, but not trying to be quiet about it. After putting away yesterday's clean dishes and starting a load in the dishwasher, she started with the makings of bacon and eggs. After the eggs and bacon and juice and butter were out of the fridge, and the bread was ready to drop into the toaster, she shook her head in disgust. Her sons would be perfectly content to sleep past noon!

"Come on you two, time to get up!" BANG! BANG! BANG! Jessica clanged a metal spatula against the bottom of the griddle loudly. "Come on, breakfast!"

That started something at least. First she heard some stirring from down the hallway, then the two boys began cursing each other, and then enough noise was raised to know that they were actually on their feet and not just rolling over. She headed back into the kitchen and turned on the stove.

Five minutes later both boys came wandering into the kitchen wearing sweatpants and tee shirts, and looking worse for the wear. Their hair was unkempt and their eyes were still bleary and a little unfocused.

"Well, don't you two just look chipper!" laughed Jessica.

"Why didn't you just wake us up in time for lunch?" asked Toby.

"Oh, you really wanted to get up. You really wanted to do some chores." she answered brightly.

"No, I don't!"

Jessica went back to work with the frying bacon. Turning her attention to her youngest, she asked "And how did you sleep, sweetie?"

Andrew rubbed the sleep from his eyes. "It wasn't the sleeping that was the problem. It was waking up with this faggot groping me that was the problem."

"Hey, I had no idea you were there!" protested his older brother.

"Now behave, the both of you. I always like waking up with a man's arms around me." teased their mother.

"I don't!" replied Andrew vehemently.

"You two looked so cute that way."

"I am about to vomit!" said Toby.

Andrew simply said "I think you need a bigger bed."

Breakfast went quickly, and was eaten around the kitchen table. Afterwards, when Toby stood up to head out to the living room, Jessica stopped him. "We need to have a little talk."

Toby looked at his mother and then glanced over at Andrew. It sounded serious, as if Jessica was going to end whatever had happened between them. "Uhhhh..."

"Just clean the table off. Put everything over on the counter and sit back down."

Both teens took their plates over to the counter, and then took their mother's as well. They sat back down and looked at her nervously.

"Now, yesterday was a lot of fun, and I am betting that you two want to keep having that fun, don't you?"

Toby simply nodded agreement, though Andrew answered "Well, yeah!"

Jessica nodded in understanding. "Okay, but there are going to be some ground rules. Now I enjoy sex just as much as the next girl, maybe more, but I am not going to be your little fuck bunny, who will fuck you two 24-7 whenever you want. I am still your mother and I expect you to treat me with the respect I deserve. Is that understood?"

"Yes, ma'am." replied Toby, somewhat abashed. He wasn't really sure what had brought this on, but simply agreed.

"Yes, Mom." said Andrew, nodding his head.

"Good. You two are good boys, but this is rather unusual. I don't really understand how things have changed, but they have, and I am still the boss around here. Got it?" Both boys agreed and she continued "Now, like I said, I like sex just as much as you two obviously do, but don't go thinking that every moment of our lives is going to be spent screwing around. You still have to go to school and I have a life to live, too. Is that understood?"

Both boys looked at each other in confusion. "Well, sure." commented Toby.

"Yeah? Well, that means that as soon as you get home I am not going to be on my knees blowing the both of you. That means that there will be no fooling around until your homework is done and the chores are finished."

Toby simply groaned at this, but his brother laughed. "Sounds like I'll be getting that first blowjob every day, bro, and you're never getting laid again!" Andrew was a straight A student, and in some subjects was already ahead of his older brother.

"Arrghhh!"

Jessica smiled and pointed a finger at him. "I am absolutely serious, Toby. Neither one of you is getting lucky if your schoolwork falls behind. You are both going to college if I have to drag your dead bodies to your classes. Understand?"

Toby was simply not a scholar and had no interest in becoming one. "Mom, you know I don't want to go to college. Why don't you just let me have the money for college and let me do something I want to do? You and Dad didn't go to college."

"No, we didn't. Instead your father was a truck driver, breaking his back for lousy money and I had to work the lunch shift at McDonald's. We didn't do that just so you could drive a truck, too. Now we can actually afford to send you to college, good schools, too. I don't care what you study, or where, but you are going to college and graduating or else. There is nothing else to discuss, understand?"

"Yes ma'am." he said in resignation.

"And just in case you ever think you are going to try and slip something past me, I can look up your assignments on the school Web page, can't I?"

Toby groaned again and looked over at his brother. "Man, you got to help me! You run the Web page! You can do something!"

Andrew simply laughed. "Tough, bro. Mmmm ... first blowjob, every day!" He glanced at his mother, who was looking daggers at him. "Seriously, it's not a problem. School is out for summer in a week anyway. Next week is finals, and then we're done. We'll worry about this in the fall."

Jessica laughed and pointed a finger at Andrew. "Don't forget your chores. You get too cocky and you might find yourself with extra chores so that your brother can spend more time on his homework." Andrew simply snorted at this.

"Now, it's Sunday and I am not going to start checking homework today, but there is still work to be done. I want you to clean the kitchen and work on the dishes, and I want you to go downstairs and bring up the clean clothes to be sorted and put away. I'll have some more stuff after that." She pointed in turn to Andrew and Toby.

"Hey, Mom, do we get any say in how things are going to be?" asked Toby.

"Sure thing, just as much as you did before."

Both teens looked at each other curiously at that, not quite knowing what that meant. "Well, uh, can we ask you to do stuff for us?" he asked.

Jessica smiled at this. "Like what?"

Toby blushed, but said "Well, where are we going to sleep now? Your room?"

Andrew chimed in "Yeah, Mom, I like that idea, but can we get a bigger bed? It's kind of tight with all three of us there."

Jessica's eyes opened at this, but she wasn't terribly surprised. Her bed was a queen size; she and Andrew Sr. could have fit a larger bed in the room, but enjoyed snuggling against each other. A king size was too big for them, but might be just right for the three of them. "I'll see what I can do, but you both keep your regular bedrooms. You'll need the closets, if nothing else. Anything else?"

"Uh, can you dress, uh, maybe more ... interesting?" asked Toby.

"Interesting? Is that another word for sexy or slutty?"

Toby nodded vigorously; Andrew's eyes widened and he whispered "Cool!"

"Like what? Tiny skirts and tops? High heels? No underwear? Something like that?" she asked teasingly. She glanced at her eldest son and saw he had a really large bulge in the front of his sweatpants. Truth be told, her own pussy felt rather warm and moist as well.

"Could you? Please?"

"We'll see, but remember, if I do, homework and chores first, right?"

"Yeah, sure." he agreed quickly. It was Andrew's turn to nod.

"Okay, we'll see. First, you two need to go get dressed and start your chores." She stood up and left the kitchen, smiling to herself. Maybe she would change into something interesting, to see how it worked as motivation.

Upstairs, Jessica went into the bathroom and cleaned up, washing her face and hands, and running a wet washcloth over her body. Then it was off to the closet. She tossed a couple of blouses onto the bed, along with several skirts, and then went back to look over them. The first blouse was very glittery, but actually a bit tame; the second was much sheerer, and the boys were sure to find it interesting. She then selected a fairly short skirt, tight and stretchy, that hugged her hips and went down to only her upper thighs. She hadn't worn it all that often, since it was short enough that the only nylons she could wear with it were pantyhose, which Andrew Sr. hadn't liked all that much. It was definitely too short for stockings. She pulled a paid of ankle-strapped 'fuck-me' heels from the closet to finish off the look.

By the time she got back to the kitchen, Andrew was done prepping the dishes and loading them into the dishwasher, and was busy cleaning the counters and table. "Hi, sweetie!" she announced brightly.

"Hi mom - WOW!" he exclaimed. He stared at her, his jaw hanging open. "Whoa! You look ... holy shit!"

Jessica smiled and turned once before him. "I take it you find this more interesting?"

"Oh yeah!" he said eagerly. The black stilettos raised her ass up and curved her legs amazingly, the skirt was so short he could almost see her asscheeks, and the top was so sheer as to be transparent, her tits and nipples very, very visible to everyone. "You look great!"

"Thank you, honey. I thought you might like it."

"I didn't even know you had clothes like that!" he said.

"Well, I never really wore them around you two, but sometimes you didn't pay attention, either."

Andrew lifted his eyes from his mother's jiggling tits to her face. She had also put on some lipstick and eye shadow as well. "Huh?"

"Well, no, I wouldn't go out like this. Still, when your father and I went out, I'd wear a nice bra or camisole underneath it, and maybe we'd go to dinner like that. But later? Later, when we went to the movie, maybe I'd go into the ladies room and take it off and put it into my purse and just put the blouse back on, and then your father and I would sit in the back row of the theater. And afterwards, we might go out for a drink or two. By the time we'd get home, you two were out like lights. And sometimes we'd just take a long weekend and go to a motel out of town and leave you two with friends. I wouldn't take any underwear when we went away like that." she explained.

"I like it!"

"Yeah, well don't figure I'll be doing this every day. I just wanted today to be a little special. Most of the time it will be a very simple skirt and top, and bare feet." she said with a smile.

Andrew simply smiled and nodded. "Yes, ma'am!"

"So, anyway, I thought maybe I could come down and give you a little motivation, you know, to inspire you to do a good job cleaning."

"Yes ma'am! That would definitely motivate me!" he eagerly agreed. Ever since he had seen his mother's outfit, his sweatpants had been bulging.

"I thought so!" Jessica giggled and then knelt on the kitchen floor in front of her youngest son. She grabbed the waistband of his sweatpants and pulled them down, leaving him with a bulging pair of briefs. They went down next, and his erect cock sprang out, practically hitting her in the face. She looked up at him with a smile and gently took him in her hands, stroking him with one hand while cupping his balls with the other. "Come in my mouth, baby."

Jessica opened her mouth and took her son's cockhead inside, but only for a couple of inches. She sucked his cockhead vigorously and tongued around it, as her fingers stroked him and fondled his balls. Andrew had already been halfway there, watching his mother's tits jiggle inside her sheer blouse, a drop of precome already on the tip of his cock before she began suckling on him. He groaned loudly as she began sucking in earnest, and his hips began churning, trying to pump his cock deeper into her face. Jessica was able to control him easily though, using her hand on his shaft to limit his thrusting. Within a few minutes he groaned loudly and whimpered "I'm coming!" His cockshaft swelled up and his salty cream jetted onto his mother's tongue.

Jessica easily caught her son's jism and swallowed it down. She smiled at him and stood up. "Your turn. You need to show you know how to say, thank you!'" She pushed him down to his knees and pulled her tiny skirt up to her waist. She moved her feet apart and pulled his head forward. "You need to make this quick honey, so just get your face right in there and lick my clit. I need to go downstairs and motivate your brother next."

Andrew crawled forward a few more inches and pushed his face into his mother's pussy. He could already smell her desire and he could see her pussy lips through her pubic hair, already opening up and inviting him inside. As soon as he flicked his tongue up her pussy slit, Jessica shuddered and pulled his face against her, hard. "Yess..." she gasped. Andrew licked the moisture flowing from her slit and concentrated on the little bump at the top. He continued to lick and suck for only a few more minutes before her gasps turned into a low keening sound and his face felt drenched. Jessica's entire body was shivering as her son took her through a quick and hard orgasm.

Once she began to come down from her orgasmic high, Jessica let go of Andrew's hair and stepped back slightly. He looked up from the floor with a grin. "You okay, Mom?"

"Oh, honey, you are going to be a very popular date!"

Andrew just leaned back. "So, does that mean I can date now?" The rule had been sixteen.

Jessica simply giggled. "You need to keep practicing first. We can discuss it again later." She pushed her skirt back down into position and adjusted her blouse. "I need to go check on your brother now. As long as you're down there, baby, the floor needs to be cleaned. Can you mop or scrub it, please?"

Andrew groaned. "I'm going to need some more motivation afterwards, Mom."

Jessica bent over and kissed her son on a wet cheek. "Later." She stopped in the bathroom to check her makeup before moving to the basement stairs. Going down the stairs, she found Toby puttering around the basement. Both the washer and the dryer were running, and the laundry bench was loaded with folded clothes, although not terribly ordered.

Toby looked up as Jessica came near. "Hi, Mom. You look great!"

"Why, thank you, baby. Flattery will get you everywhere."

Toby grinned. "You know, I've heard that. Just where will it get me now?"

Jessica grinned. "Did you have anything specific in mind?"

Toby looked at the laundry he had already done. "Well, you know, I've been down here slaving away in the dark. I mean, a fellow could get real lonely, working his fingers to the bone in solitary..."

Jessica laughed at her son's words and mournful expression. She pointed at the rather ratty old furniture out in the 'finished' section of the basement. It was finished only in the sense it had a throw rug and old furniture in it, along with a television without a cable or DVD hookup. "Do you think you'll be able to make it over there? Maybe you can discuss your jail sentence with the warden." She left the laundry with her son following behind.

Toby hugged his mother from behind. "You are driving me nuts in that outfit." He brought his hands up to cup her firm tits through the fabric, and then began to unbutton her blouse. "It makes me want to do things to you."

Jessica moaned. She could feel her eldest's stiff cock pressing her from the rear. "Things?"

"It makes me want to fuck you, over and over!" he whispered in her ear.

Jessica moaned again, and twisted in his arms to face him. "Yes, yes!" she begged. "I need you to fuck me!" She grabbed the waistband of his sweatpants and pushed them awkwardly down his hips.

Toby pulled on his mother's skirt until it rose to her hips, and the pair of them fumbled their way to lying on the old couch together. Jessica's blouse was open, her tits exposed to his view, and her skirt was raised high. Her legs were splayed open and invitingly. Toby's cock was rampant and trapped between them, as he lay on top of her. Jessica's hands were pushing his tee shirt up his body, feeling the smooth muscle of his chest and back. "Put it in, baby!" she pleaded.

Toby slowed his thrusting motions enough to reach down and properly line his cock up in Jessica's pussylips, then slammed forward, burying himself in a single, swift lunge. Jessica cried out incoherently and began shoving her hips upward, meeting his frenzied thrusts. Toby simply grunted as he slammed his cock down into her pussy; Jessica shook and moaned as she came. It was hard for her to tell where one orgasm ended and the next started. Her legs and arms wrapped around his young body, trapping him against her fiercely so that only his hips were able to drive into her. "Unghhh ... unghhh ... unghhh..." She was babbling as his cock plowed her cunt.

Finally, Toby gave a final grunt and collapsed onto her body, as his cock spewed come into her. His hips continued to pump, slowing down as he began to wind down and come back to life. Eventually, he raised himself up on his arms and they disentangled.

"Baby, you must have really good dates!" commented Jessica. "You sure didn't learn that just yesterday."

"Well, uh, maybe." He gave his mother an odd look. "Uh, Mom, I can still date, can't I? I mean, uh..."

Jessica simply lay back on the couch, getting her breath back and luxuriating in a well-fucked glow. "Well of course, why wouldn't you?"

"Uh, well, you know..."Toby simply gestured at the couch where they were both sprawled out.

"Don't be silly. Of course you can date. Think of this as sort of the cherry on the sundae. You can go out and fuck your girlfriends, and then come back home and tell us all about it. I'll even suck your cock to see if she tastes any different than I do."

"Wow! Really!? That would be so cool!"

"Honey, this doesn't have to affect anything else. You and your brother will be dating, and then coming home to fuck me. Maybe I'll start dating, too. Would you boys be okay with that?" she asked.

Toby blinked at the thought. "I don't know. I guess so. I mean, I just never thought about it before. Do you want to date? Do you have a boyfriend waiting for you?"

"Oh, good Lord, no! I'm just asking, is all. I mean, for the next few years you two will be able to give me all the cock I can handle, but after you two are off at school, I'm going to get pretty horny. I'll need to find a friend or two."

Toby teased her. "What about one of those battery operated boyfriends. Maybe we can get you one of those."

Jessica snorted. "Been there, done that, got the tee shirt." Toby's eyes goggled at that. "Oh don't look so surprised. Your father and I had several toys. Maybe later tonight I can show them to you."

Jessica climbed to her feet and buttoned her blouse again. "Okay, finish up down here and then bring the clothes up to be put away. Your brother is upstairs scrubbing the kitchen floor, and I need to go and thank him."

Toby laughed. "Do I get a thank you later?"

"Sure, right after you clean the bathroom, top to bottom. I have a list of chores like you won't believe!"
Chapter 5
Home - Top   Feedback to author


Home « rlfj's Page « Influence of the House of Incest Index « Previous - Settings
Chapter 5
Posted: September 27, 2008 - 08:21:19 pm
Updated: November 13, 2009 - 01:21:38 pm

"When do you think you'll get home?" asked Jessica.

Toby gave a mild shrug. "Depends." He was examining himself critically in the hall mirror.

"Depends on what?"

Toby grinned broadly. "On whether Teresa's father gives her a curfew."

Jessica rolled her eyes at her son's response. Now that school was out, he could date any night he could get a girl to agree, and he was remarkably successful at that. He had gotten a part-time job delivering pizzas for a local pizza parlor, making just enough money to pay for a few dates a week, provided he didn't spend much. This weekend he had off, and he intended to make the most of it. "You should take her home by midnight." she replied in a scolding tone.

Toby just grinned again. "Now, what about my telling you about all the gory details, so you can reenact them with me later? Besides, we've gone out before; she knows my capabilities. She might not let me go home until dawn!"

"Jesus save me!" groaned his mother. Toby just laughed. "You just remember what I've told you."

"Yes, Mom, I'll lick her pussy and suck her clit twice as long as she wants me to."

"NO!" Jessica swatted at her laughing son. "Well, yes, but what I said about drinking and driving. No drinking or drugs or anything like that. I'll kill you, and then you'll have to explain it to your father!"

"Yes, Mom!" Laughing, Toby headed out the front door.

"Lord, preserve me!" she prayed quietly.

Her youngest son laughed at her from the living room. He wasn't dating yet - the lack of a car being a major obstacle (Daffy had moved on to another boy, one with a car) - but had been out on some 'walks' with a classmate from a couple of blocks over, Tracy Helder. Those walks had gotten fairly intimate, with stops in a few nearby wooded copses, involving plenty of kissing and petting, but hadn't quite made it into the realm of fluid transfer. Jessica had volunteered to relieve any anxiety generated by these walks, saving her son from the dreaded curse of 'blue balls.' He had promised to tell her when things got more involved, so they could act it out at home later.

"It looks like it's just you and me tonight, Mom." Jessica wandered into the living room where her youngest child was sitting on the couch. She sank down next to him.

"Tracy busy?"

"She's got to go with her parents to Oklahoma for the week. She wanted to stay, but they wouldn't let her." he answered.

"I think I'd want to stay too, if the alternative was Oklahoma. Still, she's too young to stay a week on her own." said Jessica.

"Oh, I know that. I offered to let her stay with me, but she said her parents wouldn't let her."

Jessica laughed. "You're such a selfless hero!" Andrew affected a modest and self-effacing look, which didn't fool her for a moment. "Well, don't worry. I'm sure that after a week away from you, she'll want to make up for lost time."

Andrew nodded slyly. "She pretty much told me that already. This wouldn't have been a good week, if you get my drift, or so she said anyway."

Jessica rolled her eyes at her youngest. They had all suffered through that the previous week. It was a time that made her bitchy and the boys reverting to jerking off for a few days.

"She pretty much told me that when she gets back we'll be getting a whole lot more serious." he continued.

"She seems like a very nice girl. Just remember everything I've taught you, and make sure she comes at least twice for every one of yours. Even if this doesn't work out, it will pay off in the long run."

"Huh?" said Andrew, confused.

"Honey, girls talk as much as guys do. If you do a good job with a girl, she'll tell all her friends. It's a good reputation builder. When I was in school, if a guy kept his girlfriend satisfied and happy, when they broke up, her friends would chase him down for a shot themselves. How do you think I got your father!?"

"What?! You never told us this!"

"Well, I did tell you I asked him. It was just that he had broken up with a friend of mine, who was cheating on him. Anyway, she had told all of us that a night with him was like a week with any other guy, so when they broke up, I pounced. She was right, too!" she said with a dreamy smile.

"Wow!" Andrew looked at her with a smile. "Did you really go out on your dates without any underwear? Did your parents know?"

Jessica laughed. "Yes, I did, and yes, they did, too." Andrew's eyes widened at this. "Well, they suspected anyway. I mean, they could tell I wasn't wearing a bra, but they didn't try looking up my skirt. Daddy wasn't any too thrilled, but Mom understood."

"Oh?" Andrew tried to imagine his grandparents being understanding, and totally failed.

"Well, I was the last one still in the house. I was the baby and my brothers had both gone off to college by then. So, when I went out, it was just your grandparents still at home. Mom told me once that when I went out, she would fool around with Daddy. He was a lot calmer by the time I got home."

"Cool!" laughed her youngest.

Jessica looked at her son with a smile. "And what else did I tell you about your dates? About afterwards?" Andrew gave her a confused looked and stumbled out several false starts. "You know about the next day, with your buddies?"

His face cleared up. "Oh, yeah, never say anything. Mom, I wouldn't!" he protested.

"Of course you would, you're a male. You guys are always bragging about some sort of crap. Believe me when I say, we hear all about it. You talk trash about your girl, it will get back to her and you won't be getting any from anybody. God's honest truth!"

It was Andrew's time to roll his eyes. "So what's the plan for tonight?"

His mother smiled at him. "Well, it's just you and me, isn't it. Did you want to watch anything down here, or maybe go upstairs and watch something there?" Jessica had a television in her bedroom, and had already shown her sons where she kept a small stash of porn from when she had been married.

Andrew's eyes lit up at this. "Uh, maybe upstairs."

Jessica laughed. "Maybe. We'll need to get you two boys extra well satisfied tonight. Tomorrow your Aunt Jane and Billy are coming for a week, and we are going to have to be a whole lot more discreet." Every summer, Andrew Sr.'s sister and her son would visit for a week.

Andrew grimaced at this. Unlimited sex was such an incredible thing to him that the idea of a week with nothing but jerking off seemed like forever. He liked his aunt and his cousin, but an entire week without being able to get his rocks off was horrendous! Even Tracy would be away! "Maybe we need to start right away!"

Jessica laughed. "Come on baby, let's go upstairs. It will be kind of fun, just the two of us. You can practice all the moves you're going to put on Tracy when she gets back." She stood up and took her son's hand. Once upstairs, and in her bedroom, she asked "Do you have any idea where you two plan on doing it?"

"Uh, actually, I do know of several spots over by the other end of the park, very quiet and private. I was thinking of riding our bikes over there for a picnic. If the weather is nice, we could stretch out on the blanket without getting dirty or anything."

"Okay, so we'll pretend this is your blanket." She pointed at her new king-sized bed. Toby had taken her old queen size, but Andrew still made do with the bunk beds in his room. He would have needed some serious rearranging to put in a larger bed, and he hadn't felt it was worth it. She kicked off her shoes and scrambled onto the bed, positioning herself near the center. Andrew kicked off his own shoes and joined her.

"Uhh..." Andrew looked at her in confusion.

Jessica smiled patiently. "Just like on your picnic. You've had your lunch and now the two of you are sitting next to each other on the blanket. What do you do next?"

"Uh, kiss her?"

"That's probably a good start." She puckered up her lips and looked at him with amusement.

"Oh, yeah, okay, Mom." Andrew puckered up as well and leaned over, to give her a somewhat chaste kiss.

Jessica laughed again. "Tracy, remember? Just put your arms around me and close your eyes. Pretend!"

Andrew was surprisingly nervous, considering that the last several weeks had been a sexual smorgasbord with his beautiful mother. He did as she asked, closing his eyes and putting his arms around her, to pull her close in a hug. He felt a little stiff with the pretense.

Jessica was enjoying the moment, both her son's discomfort and the feel of his body against hers. Pressing her body against his, she began to nibble his cheek and neck, and whispered "Oh, Andy, I've missed you so much! It's been so long! I wanted to be with you all last week!" Then she licked his ear and rubbed herself against him.

Andrew groaned. He hated being called 'Andy', but it was what Tracy called him and Jessica knew it. Still, Tracy was very pretty, and like most guys, Andrew was willing to put up with a certain level of crap in order to get laid. 'Tracy's' kissing and body rub had the desired effect, and Andrew's sense of unease disappeared immediately.

"Oh, honey, I missed you, too. I wanted to be with you so bad! It was driving me nuts!" Andrew began kissing his mother on the lips and around her face, all the while whispering how much he wanted to be with her and how much he loved her and how much he had missed her. "It was driving me crazy! Oh, you're so beautiful! You feel so good, you smell so good, you taste so good!"

Jessica had to admit to herself that while her son's words were bullshit, it was pretty damn good bullshit! His hands were roaming around her face and neck and over her back, and if she had been dating Andrew he would certainly know by now that she wasn't wearing a bra. She just continued to murmur encouraging remarks to him "Oh, baby! Oh, honey!" She was so turned on that her nipples felt like they were about to poke out of her blouse, and her pussy was on overload.

Soon Andrew's hands began to move more boldly. Still moving slowly, they now moved around to her sides, and then his right hand moved to the front of her blouse, to cup and fondle the heaving breast inside. His lips were clamped to Jessica's, but even so, her moan was loud enough to hear. He tweaked the large nipple through the fabric, then his fingers moved on, to begin unbuttoning the interfering garment. Moments later his hands were inside her shirt, touching both her tits and playing with her painfully stiff nipples.

Jessica reveled in the attention she was getting. The stable and analytical portion of her mind was pleasantly surprised by Andrew's smoothness. He brought his mouth away from hers, to begin nibbling and licking its way slowly down her chin, to the hollow of her neck, down past her collarbones, and then lower, to her tits. The unstable and passionate portion of her mind was overwhelmed as her body responded, pushing back against his hands, and wrapping her arms around his head to hold him tight against her.

"Oh, I wanted to do this to you last week. I wanted to kiss you and hold you all week long. Your body feels so good. You're so soft. I could kiss you forever. You taste so good..." Jessica almost failed to notice that her son had managed to work the zipper on the back of her skirt down, and was shimmying it down over her hips. If she was so affected, and she had been prepared for this, Tracy wouldn't know what had hit her!

Andrew kept kissing and licking her body, but had subtly moved further down, tracing a trail from her breasts down to her belly button, which he licked in and around, then lower. Even before she had accepted that she was naked in his arms, Jessica felt a tongue tracing lines along her moist thighs. Gasping, her legs parted involuntarily, and her son homed in on his target. Jessica cried out as he began licking her pussy, lapping from one end of the slit to the other, and then focusing directly on her clit. She began to shake all over as she came hard.

The average teenaged boy would never have gotten this far, not wanting to eat a pussy in the first place, but Andrew Parnell was no average boy. Remembering his lessons, he continued licking, driving his 'date' to a second, even bigger orgasm, as she writhed on the bed and forced his face into her cunt. "Oh my God!" she shrieked.

It was then that Andrew made the smoothest move of the evening, a move that Jessica would later compliment him on. He slowly let off on his licking of her pussy and quickly slid up her body. Before she had realized it, he was above her, supporting himself with one hand, while the other hand was between them, guiding his cock into her widespread cuntlips. Before she was even aware of it, his cock was pushing into her.

"Fuck me! Fuck me! Fuck me!" she begged, throwing her pussy up at her son. Sweat was pouring from her pores as she fucked her cunt up at the cock plowing her. Andrew no longer had to whisper sweet nothings; he no longer had the concentration to be able to do so. He just started slamming his cock into his mother, throwing her a hard core slut fuck like she hadn't had for a long time. "Fuck me! Fuck me! Fuck me!" she screamed.

It became too much for her youngest son. With a final last thrust, he slammed his cock into his mother's too juicing cunt and unloaded. His cock was pumping out an entire evening's worth of jism and her pussy was spasming, milking it from his distended shaft. "I love you, I love you!" he gasped out weakly. With a final weak thrust, he collapsed onto her, and the pair gasped in each other's arms.

Once Jessica got her breath back, she gently pushed Andrew off of her, and he rolled over to her side. "Are you all right?" he asked.

Jessica gave a lazy moan and nodded. "That was certainly better than all right! Honey, if you use that technique, Tracy will fuck you anywhere and anytime you want. She'll do you in Times Square at rush hour!" Andrew laughed at this, and his mother twisted slightly to face him. "Seriously, baby, you'll do just fine. Just remember, she has to come at least twice for every one of yours, and no always means no. I don't care if you've already eaten her three times and she's been begging for more - if she gets cold feet, you stop. Okay?"

"I know, Mom, I know."

Jessica smiled and cuddled next to him. "I have to say, you have quite the line of romantic bullshit! Where did you learn all that crap?"

Andrew laughed again. "From Toby, where else?! I've heard him talking to the girls at school, hanging around the lockers or wherever. He's a never-ending fountain of horseshit! They eat it up like it's so much candy! He's amazing!"

Jessica laughed and snuggled with her son.

Late that night, Jessica woke when Toby returned from his date and came into her master bedroom. She rubbed the sleep from her eyes and sat up in bed. "What time is it?"

"It's one, Mom."

"Sshhhh ... you're brother's asleep." She flicked on the light on the nightstand.

Toby was standing near the door, kicking off his shoes. He looked around. "Yeah? Where is my brother, anyway? I thought you two were staying in tonight." Andrew was nowhere in the room.

"We did. Don't forget, your aunt and cousin are coming sometime tomorrow, and I don't have any idea when they will show up. I sent him back to his room."

Toby gave a slightly disappointed look, though he tried to hide it. "So no fun and games for a bit."

"Sorry, honey, but we just can't risk it." She crawled out of bed and stood in front of him naked, her hair tousled and with a well-fucked look on her face. "Listen, that's tomorrow. Let's go over to your room and we can talk about your date and have a little fun. Then I'll come back here."

"You won't get much sleep that way." he said with a grin. "I had a pretty good night!"

"Braggart!" Jessica led her son across the hallway to his bedroom, closing the door behind her. She yanked the covers from his bed and dropped them on the floor, then plopped down in the middle of it. "So, just what did you two do that has you worrying about my sleep?"

Toby laughed and started unbuttoning his shirt, all the while eyeing his naked mother. Andrew had obviously given her a good going-over earlier. She had several love bites on her tits, and her pussy, now shaved for the last week, was puffy and moist. Good for you, little brother! "Well, it was actually a fairly oral evening."

"Really? That's interesting." she commented. Jessica lay back to watch her son's clothing come off. He really is such a beautiful boy!

Toby nodded. "After the movie we went over to the reservoir and went parking, over on the west side. "Jessica nodded her understanding. "So, anyway, we got into the back seat and I pulled up her skirt and went down on her."

Jessica spread her legs, exposing herself even more. "Just like that? You didn't even pull her panties down?"

Toby grinned. "She wasn't wearing any. As soon as we got out to the car, I took them off her."

Jessica shook her head. "When, after the movie?"

Her son laughed. "Nuh unh, before. In fact it was right after we left her house."

"And she let you!?" Jessica smiled and shook her head. The girl must have been as big a slut as she had been at that age.

"Sure. She knew what was going to happen. Anyway, once we parked and got in the back seat, her skirt was up and I was having a delicious box lunch."

"Show me!" Jessica spread her legs wider.

"Sure thing. Then later, we did some sixty-nine 'til we both came, and then we fucked. You up for it, Mom?" he teased.

His mother snorted. "Hey, buster, it was women that invented the multiple orgasm. I just want to know if you're up for it!"

"A man needs a goal!"
Chapter 6
Home - Top   Feedback to author

Home « rlfj's Page « Influence of the House of Incest Index « Previous - Settings
Chapter 6
Posted: November 07, 2008 - 04:29:25 pm
Updated: November 13, 2009 - 01:21:38 pm

"Jane!" Jessica Parnell squealed as she practically tore the front door off its hinges. On the other side of the screen door stood a grinning Jane Parnell Oblensky, Andrew Sr.'s younger sister.

"Jessica!" Jane waited for the screen door to be unlatched and then the two women were in each other's arms, hugging and squealing like schoolgirls.

"I've missed you so much! How are things? Where's Billy?" asked Jessica.

"He's stuck out on the front porch, Mom. If you two would get out of the way, he could come inside." said Toby, leaning against the wall in the foyer and smiling.

"Mister smart guy!" she replied.

The two women separated, and Jane came inside. She wrapped her arms around her nephew and hugged him. "You're so big!"

Toby laughed and lifted her off the ground. His Aunt Jane was about the same size and build as his mother, but was maybe a year younger, and had red hair and freckles. There was definitely some Irish heritage present, but nobody in the family knew quite where it had come from. "It's from good clean living, and healthy habits." he replied.

"That would be your brother, not you!"

Toby snorted and pointed her towards Andrew, who simply grinned and hugged his aunt. "You're getting big, too!" she said.

"It's from dirty living and filthy habits." he told her. Jane laughed and swatted the pair of boys.

Outside, on the small porch, Jessica was repeating the hug she gave her sister-in-law with her nephew Billy. He had his mother's red hair and complexion, but was still as skinny as a rail. He was still a few months shy of fifteen. He had shot up several inches in the last year, to the point where he was already taller than the two women, like his older cousins, but still hadn't filled out yet. She had wrapped her arms around him and kissed him wetly on the cheek. "You're getting so tall!"

"Hi, Aunt Jessica!" he replied shyly. He held his arms awkwardly around her shoulders. For years now, Billy had had a very secret crush on his aunt. Now, as she pressed against him, he could feel an erection forming, which only made his discomfort more acute. He disentangled himself and pulled away, blushing.

"Toby? Andrew? Come on out here!" ordered Jessica, yelling back through the open door. The two boys came outside. "Help Billy bring in everything!" She pointed over at Jane's GMC Yukon. It looked full of luggage, and a bike rack on the back held a pair of bicycles.

Toby groaned. If that monster was as full as he suspected, the three of them would still be unloading at about the time it was necessary to reload it. He looked over at his cousin and asked "Does that thing get miles to the gallon or gallons to the mile?"

"It makes you want to buy stock in Exxon." was the reply. The three boys went down the steps to the curb.

Jessica led her sister-in-law back inside. She grabbed a couple of bottles of beer from the refrigerator and the two plopped down on the couch and started chatting. "So, how have you been?"

"Wonderful! Simply wonderful! Oh, it's so good to see you again." The Oblenskys lived over five hundred miles away, too far for more than a yearly visit. The last visit had, in fact, been Andrew Sr.'s funeral. "How are you doing?"

Jessica nodded in understanding of the question. "Better. It hurts, but better. I don't think anyone can every really get over it, you know, but the boys have been helpful. I'm okay."

"Just okay?"

Jessica smiled. "I'm fine, really. You'll see."

"Hey, Mom, where do you want this stuff?" cried out Toby as he came inside with a pair of suitcases. He came to a stop in the foyer and the other two boys, similarly laden, piled up behind him.

Jessica turned towards Jane. "Same as before?" Before Jane could reply, she turned back to the teens. "Put your aunt's stuff in the den and Billy's stuff in your room. You're bunking with your brother, remember?"

Billy gave a good-natured grumble and then led the other two into the house. Jane spoke up as Jessica turned back to her. "I feel bad about throwing Toby out of his room. Billy can bunk with me on the sofa bed."

Jessica laughed. "Jane, Billy is fourteen and a young man, not a little boy. I really don't think you want him sleeping in the same bed with you anymore, unless you're into that sort of thing."

Jane gasped and her eyes snapped open. "What!? No! Oh my God!" Jessica started laughing loudly at this, and Jane realized she had just been had. She shoved Jessica's shoulder lightly and drank from her beer. "You really had me going there!"

"Maybe you ought to think about it. He's awfully cute."

Jane laughed. "He's just a boy."

Jessica smiled to herself. She had felt her nephew respond to her hug in a most un-nephew-like way earlier on the porch. Let Jane keep her delusions a little while longer.

"How's married life treating you?" she asked, changing the subject.

"Married life is treating me just fine. Billy's dad is in California and the check comes once a month, just like clockwork."

"Is he still with that little bimbo?"

Jane nodded. "They got married last year. She's already knocked up."

"What does Billy think about that?" asked Jessica. The divorce had been fairly civil, as such things went, but civil was a relative term, and it had been painful for all involved. It had been finalized only a couple of years ago.

Jane shrugged. "Billy and his dad were never really all that close. Now, with Dan being so far away, he only sees him a couple of times a year. He hasn't said anything to me about it."

"Getting any?" asked Jessica bluntly.

Jane shrugged a second time. "As needed. Not too many men are out there looking for ready made families, you know. Especially with teenaged sons. The ones who are usually have baggage of their own." She looked over the lip of her bottle. "You ought to know that by now yourself."

Jessica nodded agreement. There had been several offers to 'help' her through the bereavement process, some of which came from surprisingly married sources. "Yeah."

"What about you? You getting back into a social life of sorts?" asked Jane.

Jessica shook her head negatively. "No, not yet. It just seems too soon."

"You need to think about it. You're not getting any younger."

Jessica stuck her tongue out. "Neither are you!"

"Maybe we should go out some night this week. See what we can find out there!"

Jessica rolled her eyes at the thought. "Oh my God, the two of us hanging out at a fern bar looking for Mister Right?! Jesus, save me!" Both women started laughing at the thought.

The boys finished bringing in all the various gear, and then took off on their bikes. Jessica and Jane continued gossiping and catching up on old times. When the three teens came back, Jessica had Toby fire up the grill. Dinner was simple, burgers and corn on the cob.

After dinner, it was decided to simply veg out in front of the television, with a large bowl of popcorn and some action movies on DVD. Midway through the first movie, Jessica nudged her eldest son with her toe, where he was laying on the floor at her feet. "Come on, I need to bring up the laundry. Give me a hand and we can get it over with."

Toby looked at his mother curiously. They had done the laundry just a couple of days ago and there couldn't be much downstairs. Still, it was a movie he had seen before and he was a good boy. He climbed to his feet and followed after her.

Jessica led her son down to the basement, and went around to the back corner where the washer and dryer were located. Turning to face Toby, she grinned. "I don't have any laundry, but I didn't think I should do this upstairs."

"Huh?"

Jessica giggled. She quickly unzipped her jeans and pushed them and her panties down her thighs. "Hurry up, baby, we need to make it fast."

"Shit!" whispered Toby, totally in disbelief. He looked wildly back through the basement towards the stairs, but they were out of sight. "You're nuts!"

"I'm horny, there's a difference!" Jessica pushed Toby's shoulders until he got the idea, and then he knelt down in front of her and started eating her pussy. She was very horny and very wet, and it only took a few minutes for her industrious son to take the edge off by licking her to orgasm.

"Thanks, sweety!" Jessica pulled Toby to his feet and kissed him on the lips. Glancing down, she saw that the front of his shorts were bulging out. She quickly knelt down in front of him. "We can't let them see this, can we?" She yanked his shorts and briefs down and stuffed his cock into her mouth. Toby groaned as his mother fellated him. He was so excited he came within minutes.

Jessica stood back up and the two adjusted their clothing. She handed him a small stack of whites and told him to take them upstairs, and then put a small load of colored clothes in the washer. Andrew needed to do some laundry later - maybe a nice quick fuck would be good, right before bedtime!

Sunday morning was bright and sunny, portending a beautiful day. Saturday had been a bit dismal, cool and dark, after coming off a week of showers, but the weather had definitely broken. It was warming up nicely, and looked to be perfect for most of the week.

Jessica woke at her normal early hour. She cleaned up in the bathroom, showering and dressing in sweatpants and sweatshirt before heading down the stairs to the kitchen. It was time for a nice big Sunday breakfast with the entire family. She decided on pancakes and began pulling the ingredients from the pantry and refrigerator.

"God, is it time to get up already?" grumbled Jane. She looked half asleep, barefoot with an old terry cloth bathrobe wrapped around her. She immediately slumped down into a kitchen chair and yawned loudly. "Coffee?"

"Good morning, sunshine!" chirped Jessica. "It's going to be a glorious day!"

"Coffee?!" demanded her sister-in-law.

Jessica laughed and said "It's still brewing." She pointed over at the Mr. Coffee on the counter, just starting to drip.

"Gahhhh ... you need to use the timer on that thing, have it ready for you in the morning." Jane rubbed her face, wiping the sleep from her eyes and blearily looking around.

"And you need to get up earlier, to savor the new day!" It was an argument the two had been having for twenty years or more. Jane was definitely not a morning person, and Jessica most certainly was!

"Fuck the new day!" mumbled Jane lowly. She waited for the coffee maker to finish, then stood. She poured herself a cup and stumbled out of the kitchen. A few minutes later, Jessica heard the shower start in the hall bath upstairs.

The sound of Jane doing her morning ablutions was enough to rouse the three boys. They wandered downstairs a few minutes after she did, with teeth brushed but still wearing tee shirts and sweatpants. They looked a little bleary, but generally better than Jane, who was now on her second cup of coffee. "Pancakes and bacon alright with you boys?" asked Jessica. It was a rhetorical question, the mix had already been made and bacon was just starting to sizzle in the griddle.

"Actually, I was hoping for eggs Benedict." quipped her eldest.

Jessica shook her spatula at Toby. "For you, mister, it will be eggs Benedict Arnold!"

"What are eggs Benedict?" asked Billy.

Toby shrugged; he only knew the term was for some kind of fancy breakfast. Andrew looked blank as well.

"You take half a toasted English muffin, put a slice of Canadian bacon on it, put a poached egg on top of that, then cover the whole thing with Hollandaise sauce." interjected Jane. It was almost the only thing she had said so far.

Everyone looked at her. "So, what's a poached egg?" asked Billy.

"Uh, it's sort of like a sunny side up egg, but you don't cook it in a skillet, but in boiling water. I've never made them myself, but that's what they say."

"And people eat that?" asked a horrified Andrew. "That's gross!"

"What's Hollander sauce?" asked Toby.

"Hollandaise sauce. It's a yellow egg and butter sauce, very tasty, very difficult to make right."

"Gross!" he replied.

"So, smarty pants, next time you want eggs Benedict, you'd better behave, or you might just get them!" said Jessica, waving her spatula once more.

Jane was on her third cup of coffee now and was becoming human again. "What's on the schedule today?"

"I really hadn't thought about it. The weather the last week was pretty crappy, so I didn't make any plans, but today looks gorgeous. We could go bike riding, I guess."

"How about a bike picnic?" asked Andrew. The others looked over at him and he continued "We could ride out, have lunch, and then ride back.

The others looked at each other as they considered the idea. "We could do that." commented Jane.

"Where do you want to go? The park?" asked Jessica.

"Why not go over by Marsven Hill? That would be a great place for a picnic." answered Toby.

Suddenly his mother and brother looked at him and smiled. "Actually that'd be a really great place. It's a nice ride and it won't be as packed as the park sometimes gets."

"After breakfast, we'll get the bikes ready." said Andrew.

They continued discussing the plan as the pancakes cooked and were eaten. After breakfast, the boys all cleaned up and checked on the bicycles. They weren't sure how they would get the gear packed, since none of the bikes had racks or saddlebags. It was decided that the three boys would wear light day packs on their backs and carry the food and drinks in there, and that they would tie a couple of rolled up blankets to their handlebars.

The three teens goofed off for the rest of the morning, playing video games while Jane and Jessica pulled together sandwiches and drinks for the picnic. A half hour before noon, Jessica called the boys into the kitchen and allowed them to figure out packing. Surprisingly, they got everything into their three day packs without effort or crushing, and they led the way into the garage.

Toby hit the key pad on the garage wall, opening the door. The five bikes had already been checked, their tires inflated and water bottles filled and set in their catches. "Mom, you lead the way." he said.

Jessica locked the door and asked "Everyone ready? Anyone need to use the bathroom? Last chance!" At that point she had to unlock the door and let her sister-in-law back into the house, much to her chagrin. Everybody laughed at Jane as she scurried back inside.

A few minutes later Jane came back outside, blushing at being the center of attention. "Ready now, Mom?"

"Just get on the bike." she replied.

"Ladies first!" was the prompt reply. Jane snorted and climbed onto her bike, lifting the kick stand as she did. She and Jessica rode down the driveway, and the three boys followed. They stopped briefly so that Jessica could reach into her fanny pack and activate the remote control to close the garage door, then she led the way onto the road and towards Marsven Hill.

As before, during their last ride out to Marsven Hill, everyone wore shorts and tee shirts, along with sweat socks and sneakers. Jessica wore plain cotton panties under her brief running shorts, which gave an outline that was quite obvious, and a small sports bra underneath her top. Jane dressed similarly, though she wore a plain white cotton bra instead under her tank top. Both Toby and Andrew followed along behind them, occasionally smirking to each other at the delicious view in front of them. Neither said anything to their cousin, but on occasion they would glance at him and see that Billy wasn't watching the road, but the two older women in front of him.

At the base of Marsven Hill, Jessica began feeling warm again, glancing up at the sun as it shone down brightly through a cloudless sky. She kept pedaling until she saw the small glade coming up, and then pulled over. "It's just down here." she said, pointing at the turnoff. She rolled down the path off the roadway, going a little further in than before, before climbing off her bicycle and laying it down on the grass.

"This is just lovely!" exclaimed Jane, looking around. "It's like a small private park, isn't it?"

Jessica nodded. "It was just by accident that the boys and I found it a few weeks ago. Let's explore a bit." She turned back to the teens, who were still sitting on their bikes. "Why don't you guys get set up, please?"

"Sure thing, Mom." replied Andrew. He climbed off his bike and leaned it up against a small sapling, then peeled off his day pack and set it down gently. Before he let the other two off their bikes, he untied the blanket rolls from the handlebars, and then set them to the side as well. Finally, all three boys had their gear off their bikes and their backs.

Setup wasn't particularly elaborate. The boys spread a pair of blankets out on the ground, and then opened their day packs and pulled out the wrapped sandwiches, some potato chips, and a couple of Thermoses of juice. Then they went off in search of their mothers. They found the two women a bit further down the path and around a slight bend, standing at the edge of a large pond. "Wow! I didn't know this was here!" exclaimed Toby.

"Me neither. We didn't see this last time." agreed his brother

"We never went further down the path." replied Jessica. "Isn't it beautiful!"

"It is!" answered Jane. "It looks so calm and soothing. It almost makes you want to jump right in."

"I'm a bit hungry. You can all jump in after lunch." said her son.

The rest of the group laughed at Billy and headed back up the path to their picnic.

The house on the hill, Marsven Estate, sensed the presence of a family on the grounds. They were at the very extent of the property limits, but it was a presence it had felt before. A dark energy began growing in the house.

The five family members sat down on the blankets and began sorting through lunch. Jessica and Jane had prepared sub sandwiches and wrapped them in paper; the paper would serve as impromptu plates. The drinks proved somewhat more problematical. They had brought along Styrofoam cups for the fruit juice, but the blanket and grass proved too lumpy to set the cups down on. Both Jessica and Billy spilled their cups before they figured out how to park them in their laps, wedged between their knees.

As they ate, everyone noticed how the day was getting warmer. "It's a beautiful day, but what's the temperature supposed to get to?" asked Jane.

The boys looked at each other in ignorance, and Jessica responded "It was supposed to be in the mid-70s but it feels warmer than that, more like the 80s."

"It almost makes me want to jump in that pond after all." commented Jane.

"We didn't wear any swimsuits, Aunt Jane, but if you want to go skinny-dipping, just go right ahead." said Toby. The other boys snickered at this.

Jane smiled. "I just bet you'd like that!" The boys all gave their most innocent look.

Only two people were at home in the estate, a teenaged girl and her slightly older teenaged brother. He was sitting on a couch in the game room, wearing shorts and a sport shirt, reading a magazine. It was titled Family Fun and specialized in incest themes. His sister entered the room wearing a very short sundress and came towards him, to lean against the pool table provocatively. The brother tossed his magazine aside and approached her, peeling off his shirt as he came nearer. The two embraced passionately. Energy surged through the house.

"Now, behave, you guys. Besides, you can't go swimming for two hours after eating, remember?" teased Jessica. She was feeling very warm herself, pulling her shirt away from her chest. She had finished off her lunch and rolled up her trash and tossed it next to the packs.

"Right, or we'll get cramps and drown, dying horribly!" said Toby.

"Would that be before or after we fall and break our necks?" asked Billy.

"That would be before we break our necks, but after we put our eyes out." answered Andrew.

"That's right. I must have been thinking about running with scissors again."

"While climbing a tree and playing with knives." finished Toby.

"All right, knock it off!" Sitting up straight, Jessica grabbed the waist of her tee shirt and peeled it off over her head, leaving her in her shorts and sports bra. "It's just too hot! I'm going to just lay back and get some sun."

Jane stared at her sister-in-law! It was certainly hot enough to take off her shirt, but she hadn't worn a sports bra, just a plain white poly-cotton bra. Her son and nephews were already peeling off their own tee shirts. The heat became too much for her. Feeling a trickle of sweat running down her back, she gave into the inevitable and pulled her own top off. She quickly lay back and adjusted her sunglasses.

The teenaged girl was sitting on the edge of the pool table, naked, her sundress tossed on the floor. Her brother was also naked; his shorts pooled around one ankle. He was standing between his sister's widespread legs, his large cock erect and upright. She was visibly excited, breathing hard, with stiff nipples and a glistening wetness on her bare shaved pussylips. He stepped closer and pushed his cock inside her and her head went back as she screamed silently. The house pulsed in time with his thrusts into her.

As their mothers lay out on the blankets, the three boys tried to not stare too blatantly, but it was becoming difficult. Both women were coated with a faint sheen of perspiration. Their breasts, though hidden, were aroused, their nipples erect under their bras. Toby would later swear to himself that he saw a faint wet spot at both their crotches. All three boys were sporting erections in their gym shorts.

The boy had already come once, filling his sister's tight cunt with a massive load of jism, but it wasn't enough. Pulling out, her turned her around and bent her down over the pool table. Stepping back between her legs, he first began fucking her doggy style before pulling out. Using one hand to spread her asscheeks wide, he used the other to stuff his come soaked cock into her ass. Again she began screaming in orgasm as he pounded his cock into her. The house continued to pulse with a dark and evil energy.

It was too much for Toby. Standing, he looked around and then crept down to the pond. His brother and cousin eyed him curiously as he left, then both silently stood and followed him. They both had to adjust their massive erections to be even slightly comfortable. They followed Toby down to the water, to see him standing near a large rock at the edge of the water. His shorts and underwear were down to mid-thigh and his stiff prick was in his hand. He had just started masturbating.

Toby glanced up at the other two teens. "I couldn't take it any longer, just looking at them laying there dressed like that. It was too much!" He spoke lowly but forcefully. He turned away and began to pound his meat vigorously.

"Yeah, that was just too much!" agreed Andrew. If it hadn't been for Billy and Aunt Jane, he knew that both he and Toby would have stripped their mother down and fucked her senseless for several hours. He pushed his own shorts and briefs down and stood next to his brother and started jerking off.

"You, too? I thought it was just me!" exclaimed Billy. He stared at the other two. He had jerked off many times in the last few years, often to thoughts of his busty and beautiful mother. He had even begun beating off using her bras and panties.

"Oh yeah, sure. Come on, Billy, your mom is a real fox, and so is ours. You know it and we know it." replied Toby. He kept stroking himself. He wanted to come badly, but delaying was so pleasurable.

"Yeah!" Billy unzipped his shorts and pushed them down, to grab his own stiff cock and start working it. Both his cousins glanced over to see that 'Little Billy' wasn't all that little. He would certainly be able to take care of a woman once he knew what he was doing.

Back at the picnic blanket, Jessica rolled over, to face away from her sister-in-law. Her pussy was flooding with juice, and she slipped a hand into her shorts and inside her panties. She began rubbing her clit and jilling off. She didn't have to look, but a quiet whimper behind her told her that Jane was doing the same. Jessica came with a vision of group sex with her sons, Jane, and Billy.

The boy spewed his come into his sister's ass but stayed in place. His cock never softened, so he continued fucking her hard. Sweat was pouring off both teens, and it was as if he hadn't come twice before. As she continued to cry out her orgasms, her brother pummeled her ass with his cock. In another ten minutes his third load joined the second. So much jism was in her asshole it began to leak around his cock as he pistoned back and forth, to dribble down her legs like the juice running from her pussy. The pair collapsed onto the pool table.

Jessica sat upright, glancing around to see if her sister-in-law had seen her. Jane looked over, sweating slightly and breathing quickly, a guilty look on her own face. "I think we should be going home now." said Jessica.

"Yeah." agreed Jane. "I think I might want to lie down when we get there."

Jessica nodded in agreement. It was then that the three boys came up the path from the pond. "We need to pack up, guys, and head home."

It was a somewhat more subdued group that rolled up the blankets and put the trash into the day packs. Again, the three boys followed the two women home, although they shared silent smiles at the thoughts of jerking off to memories of their mothers. The ride home went quickly.

Once inside, Jane said "I think I need to lie down for a bit."

"Is everything all right?" asked Jessica.

Seeing the three boys looking at her, Jane bit off the first thought through her mind. I need to play with myself while thinking about my son and nephews. "I just have a bit of a backache. Maybe I can just lie down for a bit."

"Well, actually, why don't the boys give you a backrub? They've done that for me several times. They are surprisingly good." replied Jessica.

"Uh..."

"Good idea, Mom." interjected Toby. He turned to face his aunt. "We've actually got a small cot we use as a massage table, along with some scented massage oil. We use it on Mom every once in a while when she's been working in the garden or whatever."

"Well..."

"Great! That's settled. Come on." It was Andrew who took his aunt's arm and led her into the den, where the sofa bed she had used last night was. It was all folded up, and that ad left a large blank spot in the middle of the room. Jane glanced over her shoulder nervously, to see Jessica leading her son away. She turned back to face her nephews.

Toby said "We keep the stuff over here." He opened a small closet and pulled out a rather large zippered bag, a carrying case of some sort. As Jane watched he unzipped the bag, opening it on three sides, and pulled forth an aluminum tube frame and a thin foam pad wrapped in a vinyl binder. He quickly set it up in the center of the room. "Now, you lay down here."

"Uh, okay." Jane sat down on the low cot and started moving as if to stretch out.

"No, wait, you're not ready." commented Andrew.

"What?"

He pulled a large white beach towel out of the closet. "You need to take your top off so we can do this right."

"What!? I can't do that!"

"Aunt Jane, it's cool. We just can't do a backrub through your clothing. You go into the kitchen and wrap this around yourself. We'll stay here and get set up." said Toby.

"Uh..."

"It'll be fine. Just get undressed and wrap yourself in the towel. It's really big. Trust us. You'll feel much better."

Jane rolled her eyes at the ceiling. She couldn't believe she was going to do this, even though a small portion of her thoughts could think of nothing better than being naked with the two teens. She allowed herself to be chivvied out of the room, clutching the towel. Once in the kitchen, she quickly stripped her clothing and wrapped herself in the towel tightly. It was definitely oversized, so everything was thoroughly hidden, but she was still nervous. She bundled her clothing together and then went back down to the den holding the towel tightly around herself.

Jane stopped and stared as she got into the den. The boys had put some easy listening music on the small stereo, turned low. The blinds were closed, and the drapes were pulled shut, darkening the room, and several scented candles were lit and placed around the room. Another towel was spread out on the massage cot. It all looked very erotic and very professional, but the major thing that drew her eyes were her two nephews. Both Toby and Andrew had kicked off their shoes and pulled off their socks, and stripped off their tee shirts. They looked like a pair of young gods awaiting her. Her pussy flooded with juice as she stared at them. She had always known that Toby was the more athletic of the boys, but Andrew showed surprising musculature on his slimmer and taller frame. She stood stock still as she took in the scene.

She was jolted into action when the two boys approached, one to each side, and took her arms. She dropped the bundle of clothing on the floor and nervously stepped forward. She had never actually gotten a real massage or backrub before. The boys guided her to the cot and she sat down on it. They knelt in front of her and she looked at Toby. He was the older and seemed to be in charge. "Now, Aunt Jane, you simply lay down and roll over. You want to be laying face down." She could only nod agreement. Suddenly her throat felt too dry to talk.

It took several minutes for Jane to get into position, rolling over and squirming into place while trying to maintain modesty with the towel wrapped tightly around herself. She lay there nervously, with the towel wrapped around her from just below her shoulders do knee level as tight as a mummy's bindings, hoping that the scent of her arousal wasn't noticeable.

"Now, we need to pull the towel down some." said Toby. He was kneeling at her side, while Andrew was kneeling at the head of the cot.

"No!" cried Jane, pulling her arms up against her side, clasping at the towel. "I mean, not ... yet."

"Uh, okay." he replied slowly. "Andrew can start on your shoulders and I can work on your legs."

"My legs are fine."

"Just relax, Aunt Jane, just your lower legs. You'll feel better."

She looked at them nervously, before nodding jerkily. "Okay." she whispered. She put her head down and closed her eyes tightly, as if to make it all go away. She had only gotten one other backrub like this, from a boyfriend in college, who had simply used it as an excuse to remove her clothing and have sex with her. She couldn't do that with her nephews, no matter how much she wanted to! The moist heat continued to flow from her body.

Toby silently gestured to his brother. Andrew was to stay near Jane's head and massage her neck and shoulders, while Toby would slip down the cot and begin massaging her calves. As Jane relaxed, they would see if they could work on her back and thighs.

Jane started as she felt Andrew's hands on her shoulders. Her eyes snapped open, to fill with the sight of his midsection. He was still wearing the gym shorts he had worn earlier, with a noticeable bulge. She gasped at both the feel of his fingers and the sight of his bulging cock, and snapped her eyes shut again. She ignored the feeling on Toby's fingers on her lower legs.

Jane began to relax as the boys slowly rubbed oily hands over her skin. She didn't know if they were doing it entirely correctly, but it felt very nice. Besides, she really hadn't been in that much discomfort anyway. Her eyes opened again when Andrew pulled her towel out from under her, to leave it laying on her back, but she didn't complain. He immediately pushed it down a few more inches and began rubbing lower on her back. She closed her eyes again. The soothing music and the sweet jasmine of the scented candles were relaxing her more than she could have ever imagined.

The towel continued being pushed lower as Andrew continued massaging lower on her back. At her feet, Toby was doing the same, raising the towel so that he could begin rubbing down her legs, moving from her calves to her knees, then on to her thighs. As his strong fingers began to gently dig into the soft flesh on the inside of her legs, she moaned pleasantly and spread her legs apart, just enough to allow him to start there. Toby and Andrew continued, moving the towel until it was nothing more than a folded strip covering her buttocks.

Jane gasped and snapped her eyes open when she felt the boys pull the towel off completely. Now she was laying face down, naked and oily, while they rubbed her entire backside. Andrew was now at her side, his bulge almost in her face as she watched him. She sighed and closed her eyes again, luxuriating in the sensations of the two young men touching her.

Andrew and Toby abandoned any pretense of detachment. They grinned at each other. Toby began rubbing his aunt's buttocks, running his fingers down the crack of her ass and lower, to tease the bottom of her vagina. Andrew began massaging her sides, particularly where her breasts were flattened out, bulging out at the side. Jane began to moan softly and whimper at the feel. Andrew glanced over at his brother. Silently, using only head and eye movements, Toby gestured at Andrew's shorts. It took him a second to understand, then he nodded. Keeping one hand on his aunt, Andrew used the other to push down on the waist band of his shorts. First his shorts and then his briefs moved down to mid-thigh, and his hard and hot cock was now pointed at his aunt's face. She continued to moan blissfully, unaware her nephew was now naked before her.

Toby waited until Andrew was ready before using one of his hands to duplicate his brother. He not only managed to get his shorts down, but actually managed to get them off completely. His cock was as stiff as his brother's. It was time to take her. He slid his fingers down between her thighs and forward, to tickle her cunt lips and work a finger into the wet heat.

Jane's eyes snapped open as the stimulation became too much. She was orgasming before she even realized it, and what she saw was Andrew's cock in front of her. His cockhead was huge, a dark purple with a dollop of precome on the very tip, and it was only two inches from her face. She gasped, opening her mouth, as much from the orgasm as from any desire to protest. Andrew looked down at her and smiled, then thrust his hips forward. His cockhead entered the oval of her lips. She reflexively closed her mouth around it and began suctioning it. It was Andrew's turn to groan.

Looking at his aunt sucking his brother's cock, Toby knew he needed to move forward. Jane was concentrating on the cock she was sucking, but she could feel Andrew's brother spreading her legs wide and positioning himself behind her. Next she felt him settling his body over her, and a long and thick cock began to slowly slip inside her pussy. It was too much for her. Pussy spasming as Toby's cock inched inexorably deeper, Jane came hard. Only the cock in her mouth kept the cries of pleasure from being heard outside of the room.

Amazingly, neither boy said anything, working together silently to prepare Aunt Jane for the fucking she so desperately needed. Toby supported his body above her, so that his legs were between hers, and thrust his cock slowly back and forth into her hot and greasy snatch. Andrew cradled his aunt's head in his hands, keeping her in place as he slowly facefucked her. Her eyes were wide open now, looking upwards at him lustfully. She was suctioning him hard now, no longer a passive object but an active participant. Andrew nodded to Toby, and Toby began plowing her from behind, faster and harder.

It was something both boys had done before, giving massages to Jessica. The major difference was that Jessica was an eager participant, and there was never any subterfuge. All three started out naked, and Jessica often had them massage her front, feeling her pussy and tits before fucking her sons.

Jane never knew exactly what set the final explosion off. She wasn't sure if Toby's groaning spurts of come into her pussy from behind spurred his brother to begin coming in her mouth, or if Andrew's moan as he filled her mouth triggered Toby's cock to begin spewing into her. Either way it was too much for her. Whimpering, she swallowed as quickly as she could, as her pussy spasmed, drawing in as much of the come it was receiving as possible. Only when the two boys had completely spent did they pull away.

If she thought that was the end of it, she was mistaken. Toby pulled out and moved up besides Andrew. Jane was still suckling him back to life when she looked up to see him kneeling in front of her, his cock soft and sticky, dripping with their mixed come. She was opening her mouth to protest, but Toby simply placed his cock between her lips. Jane instinctively began sucking him back to life. Andrew moved around behind her swapping places.

This time there was a difference. While she kept her legs spread wide for her younger nephew, he was drizzling massage oil down the crack of her ass. Before she realized it, Andrew had placed his greased cockhead at the little brown rosette of her asshole and was pushing inside. She gasped in shock, but that just let Toby push his cock in even deeper into her mouth. She reveled in the sensations, suckling him while Andrew began pounding her ass harder and harder. If she thought she had drained the pair earlier, she was very mistaken. That was simply a warmup!

Jessica led her nephew up the stairs and down the hall. When she got to Toby's room, she said "I need a quick shower. What about you?"

Billy simply nodded. "That would be good." He figured he could jerk off in the bathroom. He desperately needed to jerk off, and probably more than once.

She smiled brightly at him. "Great! You use the hall bath and I'll use my own. I'll meet you back here in just a couple of minutes. I want to talk to you for a bit." She pushed him into Toby's room, where he was staying, and went down to her own. Quickly stripping off, she dashed through a lukewarm shower and then roughly toweled herself dry. As soon as possible, she stepped back into her bedroom and went to her closet, to pull out her shortest and sheerest satin robe. It wasn't transparent, but it was incredibly thin. She tied the belt quickly around her waist and went out into the hall.

Billy had been slower than his aunt. He had stripped in his room, to wrap a towel around his waist and head back to the bathroom. His tent had been propped out obscenely by his erection, and he was really looking forward to fisting himself off in the shower. He wasn't sure which woman he was going to fantasize about, his mother or his aunt. They were both so gorgeous!

Billy had barely begun to stroke himself under the water when he heard a knock on the door. "Billy, are you in there?"

Jesus, what incredibly lousy timing! "Yes, Aunt Jessica."

"Okay, I just wasn't sure if I had used up the hot water for you."

"I'm fine." It was silent after that, and he began to stroke his cock again.

"Billy, is everything all right?"

Jesus Christ! "Just fine, Aunt Jessica."

"Will you be long?" Jessica smiled to herself. She had seen Billy's condition earlier and knew precisely what he was planning. She wanted to avoid that. She had much better uses for her nephew's come than for it to spray down a shower wall.

"Uh, no, I just got in." He started stroking again.

"Billy, I really want to talk to you."

Shit! Shit! Shit! "Okay, Aunt Jessica, I'm coming out." Cursing silently, Billy rinsed off and turned off the water. He toweled himself dry and wrapped the towel around his waist. Whatever his aunt wanted to talk to him about was fine by him. She had totally ruined his mood and his cock hung limp under the towel.

Billy was totally flabbergasted when he went back into his cousin's room and found his aunt sitting on the side of the bed in a nightgown. His jaw dropped and he grabbed his towel. "Aunt Jessica?" he stammered out weakly.

"Billy, I wanted to talk to you for a bit. Why don't you sit down here besides me?" She patted the bed at her side.

Billy waked woodenly to her side, still holding the towel at his waist. He sat down next to her, thinking briefly about the wet spot the damp towel would leave. He didn't care all that much.

"Billy, I saw you watching me today at the pond."

Billy's mind was awhirl at the thought. "Uh ... uh..." he stuttered out.

"And I know that you weren't thinking about me like your aunt. You were thinking about me like a woman, weren't you?"

Billy stared at his aunt. Her nightgown or robe, or whatever it was, was barely covering her, but it was covering the important stuff. Still, her legs looked incredibly long and she was showing an awful lot of cleavage and he could feel himself responding. He had no idea what to say. "Uhh ... uhh ... uhh..." He had no idea what to say.

"And you were looking at Jane, too, weren't you?"

Billy turned bright red and turned his face away, but Jessica reached out with her fingers and brought him back towards her.

"It's all right, baby. Here, why don't you just lie back and we can talk." Jessica prodded her lifeless nephew into shifting around on the bed and laying back against the pillows. She shifted with him, so that she was sitting next to him, her legs curled up beneath her. Billy glanced at her and thought that the way she was sitting, he should have seen panties, and he hadn't. He whipped his head back, to stare at the ceiling. He begged for his cock to shrink, but that only seemed to make it stiffer.

Jessica stared at the bulge under Billy's towel and decided to move ahead. Before he knew what was happening, she had grasped the edge of the towel and slowly pulled it open. Billy stared at her, horrified, as his cock waved in the air stiffly. He turned bright red and looked mortified. "Billy, this is what I wanted to talk about." Jessica reached out and gently took his cockshaft in his hand.

Billy froze in immobility. "Wha ... what?"

"I saw you looking at me earlier today, and at your mother, too. I saw that you had a big stiff cock in your shorts. I just wanted to talk to you about it." She began softly stroking him. His cock twitched heatedly beneath her fingers.

"Uh, I'm sorry, I mean..."

"It's nothing to be embarrassed about, Billy. Women like men to have hard cocks. It means they want us. It's very flattering. Really, could you imagine how I would feel if I was here playing with your cock and it wasn't hard? That would be terrible! Insulting, even!" Billy couldn't imagine any woman playing with his cock and it not being hard, but he kept his mouth shut. "Billy, I just want you to know I liked it and it's perfectly natural. You should enjoy it and let me enjoy you as well."

It was too much for the teen. The very thought that his beautiful aunt, with her gorgeous legs and big tits would want something like that drove him over the edge. As Jane pumped his cock, jism spewed up and out, fountaining onto his chest. Jane continued to pump him until he was dry. He looked over at her nervously, but she was simply smiling.

"Was that good?"

Billy could barely speak. "Yes."

"I'm glad. I wanted it to be good for you." She began to gently fondle his cock. "Have you ever had a girl do that for you?"

"No." he croaked out.

"Really? That makes me feel so special!" She smiled at him and for the first time, Billy looked at her and smiled back.

"It's just so strange." he said quietly. He could feel life returning to his cock.

"Oh, Billy, it's not strange, but it is unusual. When a man and a woman are together like this it can be such a wonderful thing. It can be more than just pleasure. I loved seeing your hard cock earlier. While you're here this week, we're going to teach you so much." Billy's cock was hard again, and she looked at it critically. While he was younger than either Toby or Andrew, he didn't look any smaller, and both her boys had larger than average cocks, both in length and in girth.

Billy was astonished by his aunt's words! Teach? We would be teaching him? Who was the we? He was so distracted that he barely registered Jessica twisting around on the bed. Straddling his waist, she lowered herself onto his upright cock. Billy stared as she let her robe slide off and his naked aunt was riding his cock. "Oh, Billy!" she squealed happily. Jessica began moving slowly, raising up and dropping down gently.

"Jesus!" he gasped.

"Oh, Billy, we're going to have so much fun this week."

He stared up at her. "What? Huh? What do you mean — we?"

Jessica took his hands and brought them up to her breasts. Billy began squeezing them gently, and she sighed contentedly before answering. "Your mother and I, we're going to teach you."

"Mom!"

"Oh that feels so good..." Jessica rocked atop her nephew. "Yes, baby, your mom, too. She's downstairs with Toby and Andrew right now. They're having fun, too, just like we are."

"Three of them?" he asked. Jessica nodded and Billy tried to think it over. It was too much for the boy. Hips bucking upward, Billy cried out weakly and another load of come boiled up his cockshaft, this time to spray into his aunt's grasping pussy. This triggered another orgasm in her.

Jessica rode the orgasm through, and then collapsed onto Billy's chest. She began kissing him frantically, and the teen responded. He had never kissed a girl before, and now he was not only kissing his aunt, when she inserted her tongue into his mouth, he responded back. "Oh, Billy, that was so good. I love you, Billy, and I love what we were doing. I want to fuck you, Billy, and ride your big cock. I'm going to suck you and fuck you and let you play with my body and fuck my pussy and my ass and my tits and ... oh God!" Beneath her she could feel Billy's cock stiffening again. She moved to straddle him again and slipped his come covered cock back into her come filled pussy.

"Mom's doing this with Toby and Andrew? The both of them?" he asked in amazement. He reached up to begin playing with her tits again.

"She'll do it with you later on, too. It will be so much fun. Then both of us will fuck you. Oh, Billy, your cock is so nice!" Jessica moved slightly, to allow his cock to rub her clit as she rode up and down on him.

Billy just stared upwards at her as Jessica rode him, enjoying the sensations rocketing through his cock. He thought of doing this with his mother. It drove him over the edge and his cock unloaded, filling Jessica to overflowing. As she rode through her own orgasm, his come pistoned out of her pussy and down onto his balls.
Chapter 7
Home - Top   Feedback to author



Home « rlfj's Page « Influence of the House of Incest Index « Previous - Settings
Chapter 7
Posted: December 02, 2008 - 11:10:21 pm
Updated: November 13, 2009 - 01:21:38 pm

Jane tried to sneak upstairs to the bathroom to clean up. She was so confused. She had just screwed both her nephews at the same time, twice, and she had both loved it and been mortally embarrassed. It felt both totally wrong and perfectly natural. She was tempted to get cleaned up and run away, taking her and Billy home, but that wasn't right either. What was she to do!? She wrapped her towel around her tighter and tried to creep silently.

First things first. No matter what she did, she had to take a shower. As she mounted the stairs and moved towards the bathroom, her sister-in-law came out of her bedroom. Jessica met her at the bathroom door before she could go in and lock it. Jane stared at her, unable to speak. Jessica was wearing only a tiny satin robe and was barefoot.

It was Jessica who broke the ice. "How was it?"

"Huh?"

"How was it? You know, your first time with the boys?"

Jane's eyes opened wide and her jaw dropped. Tears began forming in the corners of her eyes. Jessica gave her a surprised look and pulled her down the hallway to her bedroom. She closed the door behind them and steered Jessica towards the bed. "Now, what's the matter? Tell me what's wrong."

"What's wrong!? You know what just happened and you ask what's wrong?"

"Well, you were downstairs with Toby and Andrew. How were they? Did you have fun? They give the best massages, don't they?" Jessica smiled evilly at the last question.

"You knew?" whispered a shocked Jane.

Jessica shrugged. "Well, it wasn't like we had any of this planned, but I kind of suspected. I mean, when they give me a massage I always end up loaded with their come, so why wouldn't you. Besides, I was up here taking care of Billy, so it was only fair that they have fun with you."

Jane stared in disbelief. "You and Billy? Oh my God!"

Jessica twisted around and held Jane's shoulders and looked in her eyes. "Yes me and Billy and you and Toby and Andrew. Now, give me honest answers. Did you enjoy the boys?"

"Uhhhh..."

"Honest answers! Did you have an orgasm?" Jane could only nod her head. "More than one?"

"Yes." she said quietly.

"It felt good, right? Do you think my boys are damaged by fucking you? Are you damaged by fucking them? Honest answers!"

"Okay, okay." agreed Jane. "They seemed fine. I'm fine. It's just ... wrong?"

"It's just unusual. Trust me, what Billy and I did up here didn't hurt either one of us." Jessica smiled at her friend and relative. "What Toby and Andrew and I do together doesn't hurt us, either."

"You guys ... oh my God! ... you, too?"

"Well, of course. So calm down and tell me what happened. I want to know everything!" Jessica pulled Jane closer to the center of the bed and sat cross-legged in front of her. In so doing, the bottom of her robe loosened and pulled up, exposing her clean shaved pussy to her sister-in-law. Jane couldn't help but stare, especially when she realized that there seemed to be a tiny dollop of jism leaking from her puffy red pussylips. Jane jerked her eyes back up and slowly told what had occurred.

"Oh my God, that sounds so hot! You must have come more than once, for sure!"

Jane simply nodded. "What about, about..." She couldn't bring herself to ask about Jessica and Billy.

Jessica smiled again. "Mmmmm, that boy's a stud! You're going to like him!"

"What!? No. I mean ... NO!"

"I thought we had already gone over this. It's not wrong, just unusual. Now be honest with yourself. You're not a virgin. You've had sex since the divorce. You've told me you need more sex. Billy's hung like a horse and is eager and enthusiastic. He'll be fucking you all night long."

"My God!" Jane secretly began envisioning her son putting his cock to her, over and over. Despite whatever reticence she had about the idea, her pussy began to flood with juice.

"Just imagine, a virile young stud you'll be able to train just the way you want him. Just think about it. You can come home from work and pull your panties down and have him eat you for an hour before dinner."

Jane whimpered quietly at the thought. Billy was so pretty and so sweet and so many nights she was so lonely. "I couldn't..."

"You can and you will. You know it!"

"Did he eat you?"

Jessica shook her head. "No. I just gave him a quick hand job to calm him down, and then I rode his cock twice." She leaned back on the bed and spread her thighs apart, displaying her pussy. "See, his come is still inside me, just like Toby's and Andrew's is in yours."

Jane blushed. "Just Toby's." When Jessica prodded her for details, she admitted "Andrew's is behind me." She turned her face away in embarrassment.

"God, they assfucked you, too! Oh, that is so cool. I need to check this out!"

Jane didn't understand, and was totally unprepared for what happened next. Jessica pushed her own on the bed and pulled the bath towel away, exposing her completely. Traces of her sons' jism was at the junction of Jane's thighs. Before Jane knew what was happening, Jessica was straddling her in reverse, on top of her in the sixty-nine position, and lapping at Jane's cunt.

"Oh God! Oh God! Oh God!" screamed Jane.

"It tastes just like come and pussy juice. Here, try Billy's." replied Jessica. With that, she promptly lowered her pussy onto Jane's face.

Jane stared at the pussy as it descended. "Oh God! Oh God! Oh ... mmmmppphhh..." She began lapping at Jessica's pussy even as her own began clenching around Jessica's probing fingers. Within moments the two women were totally lost in each other.

"So, how was it?" asked Toby. After Jane had gone upstairs, both boys had followed, using the bathroom to clean up. They had gone back down the stairs and waited for Billy, who joined them a few minutes later. "Hmmm?" he teased his cousin.

"What? I don't know what you mean." he protested weakly.

Andrew laughed at this. "Give it a break! Mom! So how was she? Did you like it?"

"Man, she can suck the chrome off a trailer hitch!" commented Toby.

Billy reddened. "We didn't..."

"She didn't give you a blow job? That doesn't sound like Mom."

"You fucked her, right, at least admit to that." pushed Andrew. "Oh man, that is some tight pussy!"

Billy blushed and simply nodded. "What about you guys? Aunt Jessica said you and Mom were, well, you know."

"Hey, you can say the words, Billy." replied Andrew.

"Yeah, fellatio - there's a great word." commented Toby.

Billy looked confused at this. Andrew answered the silent question. "Blowjobs, Billy. You mom sucks a mean cock. She did both of us that way. Another great word is doggy-style."

"Always a favorite." quipped his brother. "Another good word is assfucking."

"A definite crowd pleaser." agreed Andrew.

"You and Mom did all that stuff?" Billy couldn't believe it, but he could still barely believe he and his Aunt Jessica had screwed away the afternoon, too, and he had been present for that! He could feel his cock stirring at the very thought.

"She is outstanding!" said Toby.

"Two thumbs up." commented Andrew. "You'll see."

"What do you mean?" asked the young man.

Toby smiled. "There are very few things better than looking down between your legs to see your mother's eyes looking back up at you as she sucks the come from your balls."

"The only thing better might be looking down and watching your cock going into her ass as she begs you to fuck her even harder." replied Andrew.

"Wow!"

Toby gestured towards the kitchen. "We need to get started on dinner. Our mom and your mom are probably fucking right now, so they're going to be busy. When we get closer, we can yell up at them and they can clean up."

The thought of the two women having sex together was mind boggling to their young cousin: How could two women have sex? Didn't you need a penis? Confused, he followed along behind them.

"Dinner's in ten minutes." Andrew bellowed up the stairs. He then turned and went back into the kitchen. "I told them."

"The neighbors, too." commented Toby. He was standing at the stove, tossing hamburgers into a very large and hot frying pan. "Check the oven."

Andrew looked through the glass. Two trays of French fries were oven roasting.

"Table's set." announced Billy, returning from the dining room.

"Ketchup?" asked Toby. He had moved to the bread box and pulled out hamburger buns.

"Where is it?"

The three boys had cheeseburgers and fries done and a plate of tomatoes and lettuce ready when their mothers appeared. They had still been eating each other when the dinner bell had rung, and they had rushed into the shower together after their final orgasms. Both were wearing simple and short sundresses with nothing underneath, and their hair was still wet from the shower. Their sons smiled as they saw their breasts jiggling through the thin fabric, unfettered by undergarments. Both were several inches above knee length. Jane had borrowed a dress from Jessica that had a pair of spaghetti straps at the shoulders. Jessica's crisscrossed over her back. Both were still barefoot.

Jessica gasped. "Oh, you guys are such sweeties! Thank you!" She gave each of them a quick but passionate kiss. Her sons, returned it, Billy was too surprised to do more than blink.

"Yes, thank you." said Jane shyly. She also kissed the boys on the lips, which Toby and Andrew took in stride and which surprised Billy to no end. He liked it, but it sure wasn't expected! He thought about what Andrew and Toby had said about her, and about what would happen later, but he still couldn't believe it.

Dinner was quick, but not quick enough for the excited but confused Billy. He knew more was about to happen after dinner, and his cousins had told him about some types of sex that he had only dreamed about. He'd never even seen porn before. He'd never seen a dirty movie, and the only magazines he'd ever seen had been a few Playboys. He knew what a blowjob was, but anal sex was something he could only guess at. It sounded dirty and gross and exciting all at the same time.

After dinner, everyone headed into the living room. Toby caught his brother's eye and they went around the room closing the drapes. Then they began moving the furniture around. The couch stayed where it normally sat, but the coffee table got moved to the side. The matching armchair got moved in front of the couch, but at an angle. Jessica, Jane, and Billy watched the two teens curiously. Finally the boys motioned the others closer.

"Okay, Mom, you sit here." Toby directed his mother to the center of the couch. She sat down and looked at them curiously. "Billy, you're in the chair." Billy plopped down in the armchair. "Now, we are here." He pointed at the two spots on either side of Jessica, and he and his brother sat down, sandwiching her.

"What about me?" asked Jane. She was still standing in the middle of the living room.

It was Andrew who answered. "Aunt Jane, Billy told us all about his afternoon upstairs, so we know what he needs to learn about."

"Oral."

"And?" he pressed.

Her eyes widened and she whispered "Anal?" Andrew and Toby both nodded.

Their mother simply smiled. "I would suggest the first sooner rather than later." said Jessica.

Jane blanched at the thought. A2M, ass to mouth, was something you only saw in porn movies. Nobody in the real world ever did that. She simply nodded. She looked at her son and smiled gently at him. "Is that what you'd like, Billy?"

Billy's grin looked like it would split his face in two. "Yeah! That would be great!"

She knelt down before him. "Then tell me, baby, tell me exactly what you want. You're in charge tonight."

Billy swallowed and stared at her. She was kneeling before him, barely dressed in a small sundress, her ample tits almost spilling from the too tight top. He thought about what his aunt and he had done earlier. "Could you get undressed?"

"Do you want me undressed?" Billy simply nodded. "Then tell me!" she said.

Her son's eyes widened at this. "Okay, I want to see your tits!" he ordered.

A small shiver went through her. Jane had always enjoyed a somewhat submissive relationship with men. Her ex-husband had never figured that out, which was one reason for her unhappy relationship with him. His cheating on her hadn't helped either. When he brought home a case of gonorrhea it had been too much. Still, hearing a male ordering her to perform sexually sent a thrill through her body. Her pussy moistened and her tiny nipples perked up inside her dress.

"Yes, sir." First she untied the little straps at her shoulders and tugged the top down, but it was too tight, so she reached behind and unzipped her dress. He stared as her tits came into view, springing out at him. His mouth suddenly dried up. She knelt upright, allowing the dress to slide down to her waist. It caught at her hips, exposing her belly button. She knelt there, and asked "Yes, sir?"

It was time for Billy to fish or cut bait, as he had heard the phrase. "Suck my cock. Please?" he asked tentatively.

She smiled at him. "Honey, tonight you don't have to ask. I'll do whatever you want."

"Suck my cock, Mom!" he said more authoritatively.

She smiled again. She shimmied out of her dress and crawled closer. She unzipped his shorts to find him wearing them commando style. His stiff cock was awaiting her. She pulled his shorts off and tossed them to the side. Billy unbuttoned his shirt and peeled that off quickly, and then leaned back in the chair. His mother smiled up at him from the floor in front of him. "Yes, sir."

No matter how many blowjobs he would ever get, Billy Oblensky would always remember his first. Like his cousins had told him, looking down between his legs to see his mother sucking his cock as she looked up into his eyes was the ultimate power rush. His cock just seemed to get harder and harder, and Jane just kept sucking him harder and harder. He just sat there, naked, his arms on the arms of the chair, his legs spread. Jane knelt between them, as he stared down at her. Her hands were all over his crotch. She rolled his ball sac between her fingers, she stroked and twisted on his cockshaft, and most importantly, she sucked, hard.

Billy groaned. His cock got even stiffer and it felt thicker. A spasm twitched through it, first one, and then a second, stronger one came. Jane began sucking on his cockhead. She knew what was going to happen and it did. Her son's jism boiled up from his contracting balls, to race up his shaft and spew from his cockhead. She swallowed as quickly as possible. It had been a long time since she had sucked a teenage cock, almost twenty years, since she had been a teen herself. It tasted just as nice now as it had back then.

Jessica and her sons cuddled together on the couch, watching in fascination as Jane worked over Billy. Toby and Andrew quickly had her skimpy dress up to her waist, and had undone the top enough to tug it down low enough to expose her tits. Her nipples were larger and more pronounced than Jane's, and they stood out prominently. She had her legs spread apart, and her sons' hands were all over her body, teasing and pleasing her. Her pussy juice was drenching their fingers and their mouths alternated on her tits. She kept her hands on their bodies and caressing their necks, and she luxuriated in the feel as they played with her.

Jane ignored the others squirming on the couch over to the side. After Billy's cock exploded in her mouth, filling it with his come, she swallowed it down and went back to work, cleaning him off. She began licking his balls and suckling his soft shaft. Finally, his cock stood proud and expectant, and she looked back up at his face. "Now what, sir?"

Billy stared down at his mother. This was so unreal as to be beyond his comprehension. "Uhhh..."

"Anal sex, sir? Would you like to put your big, fat cock in my asshole and fuck me really, really hard?"

"Oh, my God!" he whispered, his mouth so dry he could barely speak. He just nodded.

"Yes, sir. It's going to feel so good!" Jane had enjoyed anal sex since her high school days, but it had been several years between her last assfuck and the one she had had that afternoon. Her husband hadn't been very adventurous in bed - in fact he was a generally lousy fuck, once she had actually thought about it. Since the divorce she had been too embarrassed to ever bring it up with her occasional lovers. Now she was asking her son to do it to her.

Jessica pulled away from her sons' groping hands and stood up. Her dress slipped down past her hips, to slide down her legs and puddle around her feet on the floor. She stepped out of it and said "Here, let me help." She pulled an ottoman over in front of the armchair. "Jane, you lie down and spread your legs."

Jane lay face forward over the ottoman and moved her knees apart. Billy stared at her rear. Her pussylips gaped wide down below, red and puffy, almost pulsing with need. Her asshole winked at him slowly as she relaxed in preparation.

Jessica scooted up the stairs and down the hallway, returning a minute later with a large tube of lubricant. She knelt down at her sister-in-law's side and motioned Billy to kneel down on the floor behind Jane. She squirted a heavy dollop into his right hand and said "Now, get your cock really greasy. You really need to grease that sucker up before you fuck her ass, okay?"

Billy croaked his understanding and began working his cockshaft. It was almost as if he was trying to jerk off, but he didn't actually want to do that. He watched his aunt squirt some more on his mother's asshole and begin working it into her asshole. He watched, astounded, as Jane responded, sighing happily and thrusting her rear back towards him. Jessica squirted a little more into his hands, and then some more into Jane's rear.

"I think she's ready now..." she said.

"Oh, God, I am, I am!" moaned Jane.

" ... so move close and aim it right there. Go slow." Billy tried to follow instructions but couldn't figure the knack of slipping his greasy cockhead into the little brown ring. Jessica grabbed his shaft and took over. She used the fingers of her left hand to spread Jane's asscheeks, and her right hand to guide his cockhead. As soon as it had slipped inside, she said "Now push slowly."

An incredible vise was gripping Billy's cock as he pushed into his mother's rear. Jane moaned loudly. The sensations were exquisite, and she needed more. "Fuck me!" she begged, and then she pushed back against him. Billy's cock buried itself in her rump and they both groaned happily. "Fuck me! Oh, God, fuck me!" she pleaded.

Billy was operating on an instinctive level. Grabbing his mother's hips with greasy hands, he began plunging his cock into her, sawing it back and forth into her greasy asshole. Jessica slipped behind the pair and moved her hand between their legs. She kept pushing forward until her fingers came into contact with Jane's pussy, and she began diddling her clit. Jane's moans became incoherent shrieks, and she began hammering her ass back at the cock invading it.

Billy grunted as he slamfucked his mother's asshole. If she hadn't already gotten him off that evening, and if his aunt hadn't drained him earlier that afternoon, teaching him about delaying his ejaculation, he would have blasted off within seconds. Now he just concentrated on the sensations racing up and down his shaft.

Jessica must have started fondling Jane's clit just right. Jane began a low ululating cry "Unhhh ... unhhh ... unhhh..." as her ass spasmed around her son's cock. Gasping, Billy slammed in a final time and unloaded, filling his mother's rear with hot and salty cream. He collapsed over her back as she moaned and twitched beneath him. Jessica pulled her hand free and smiled as she looked over her handiwork.

"Hey, Mom, want to pass over the KY?" interrupted Toby.

Jessica looked over at the couch. Her two sons had gotten prepared for their own fun, stripping naked and fisting their cocks to stiffness. She tossed Toby the tube and stood up.

"Thanks." He squirted some on his cock and greased up, then said "Now, turn around." She stood in front of him and bent at the waist. Toby prepared her rear and pulled her back onto his lap. She held herself up and off of him long enough that he could point his cock at her asshole, and she slowly sank down on it, burying it in her ass.

Jessica moaned as she sank down, the cock in her ass filling her. "Oh, that's so good, baby!" she cooed. She leaned back against him and Toby raised his hands to cup and fondle her breasts.

"It's about to get better." he replied. Toby leaned back further, pushing himself out from the couch and sprawling backwards with his mother on top. He looked over her shoulder at his brother. "Do it, bro!"

"It sounds like a plan." was the response. Toby spread his legs wide, splaying Jessica's apart. Andrew knelt down in front of them. He took his cock in his hand and aimed it at her cunt, then pushed in.

Jessica gasped as her boys double fucked her. "Oh, Jesus!" She began a loud moaning as her body responded to the double assault.

Jane and Billy revived and began watching. Billy pulled his cock from his mother's ass and sat back on his haunches to watch. Jane looked over her shoulder at him. "Go wash up, honey." He looked at her curiously, and she continued "You need to wash your cock off before it goes anywhere else." His eyes opened at this, but he silently stood and scampered out of the room. When he left, Jane also stood and headed off to a bathroom also.

Neither boy was able to last long. They had both just watched their cousin sucking and fucking with their aunt, after playing with their mother. The friction of a tight pussy and a tight ass, combined with the sensations they felt of each other's cock as it slipped and slid separated only by a fraction of an inch of skin, was too much. First Toby came, groaning as his twitching cock pumped his first load of the evening into his mother, but that just set off Jessica. Her gasping spasms translated to her youngest son. Andrew's breath caught and he went motionless, as his cock spewed come into her pussy. By the time the others returned, they were already pulling apart.

Toby stood up to clean up. He smiled at the others. "When I get back, I want to make someone airtight. You all can decide who." He left the room with a grin, as Jessica, Jane, and Andrew explained what that meant to Billy.

A loud exclamation came down the hall. "Holy shit!"
Chapter 8
Home - Top   Feedback to author


Home « rlfj's Page « Influence of the House of Incest Index « Previous - Settings
Chapter 8
Posted: December 06, 2008 - 11:57:13 am
Updated: November 13, 2009 - 01:21:38 pm

The last three days in the Parnell house had been nothing but nonstop sex. The joke had been that everyone was concentrating on teaching Billy, if so, the last three days had been at a postgraduate level. Toby silently marveled at what had happened over the last few days.

First, nobody had worn much clothing since that first full morning. The boys had usually wandered around in boxers or shorts; their mothers hadn't even bothered with that much. Second, the positions and people had been seemingly an infinite smorgasbord of sex. Toby figured that his genius brother could figure out the potential combinations, but he certainly couldn't. There had been three guys and two women, the women each had three holes, and the women also liked each other. There had been twosomes, threesomes, foursomes, group gropes, DPs, TPs, God only knew what else!

Still, after three days, he had to admit that it was wearing a touch thin. If a year ago somebody had asked him if a multi-day orgy could be tiresome he would have laughed, yet that was the truth of it. He was suffering from cabin fever and needed to get out into the world again. He suspected it was the same throughout the house. As it was, his mother and aunt were napping upstairs and the three boys were down in the living room. His brother and his cousin were playing a video game, and he was laying on the couch vaguely watching them.

Thankfully he had a date with Babs Cummings that night. He grabbed the phone and dialed the number from memory. Babs picked it up on the first ring. "Hey, babe, how you doing?"

"Toby!" she squealed. "I'm so glad you called!" Babs was a large breasted blue eyed blonde, and he smiled as he heard the ditziness in her voice.

"Glad to hear it. Everything still on for this evening?" When Babs didn't answer right away, he asked "Babs? What's wrong?"

This time she answered. "Oh, nothing, it's just we're not going to be able to go anywhere tonight."

"How come? What's up?" He had been looking forward to a long summer night with Babs. A movie, a quick meal at Mickey Ds, and then off to the lake. The forecast was for warm and cloudless, perfect to head out to the lake with a blanket for some alfresco fun and games. After the last few days, one on one with only one girl had a surprisingly intense appeal.

"It's my fucking sister. She got in trouble again and I'm her jailor."

"What? What'd she do now?" Toby smiled at the thought. Babs was a beautiful fuck bunny, but otherwise was a fairly straight girl, who didn't drink or do drugs and got good grades in school. Her little sister Tamara was a different story.

"She flunked English and has to take summer school. It would have helped if she had done some homework rather than give blowjobs, but what the hell do I know, right?!"

Toby laughed at this. "So why does that make you her jailor?"

"Because Mom grounded her. She can't go anywhere without someone going with her, and Mom and Dad are going out of town. Mom's going to be calling to see what she's up to. It's a real pain in the ass!"

"That really sucks the big one." he commiserated.

"No shit! Hey, would your brother want to go with us? I bet I could get my mother to go along with a double date. We could go out to the lake and they could go one way and we could go the other. Hmmm?" Babs whined pleasantly, trying to entice him into going along.

Toby raised his eyebrows at this. He glanced over at the other two teens and thought about it. "Uh, I'll call you back in a few minutes. Let me see what I can do." He blew her a kiss on the phone and hung up.

Toby balanced the phone on his chest and turned towards the others. "Hey, either of you guys want to go on a double date with me tonight?"

Billy looked over at his cousin curiously, a lapse of attention sufficient to allow Andrew to drive his video car into a wall and out of the game. "Huh?"

"A blind date? With who, or should I ask, with what?" was Andrew's cynical reply.

"Tammy Cummings, Babs' little sister. Isn't she in your class?"

Andrew snorted. "Man, she is in a class of her own, and that ain't a compliment. Tammy fuck-me-harder-and-make-me-come Cummings? I haven't sunk that low yet."

Billy looked at the two curiously. "She's easy?"

Toby responded "Let's just say that she's morally flexible."

Andrew said "She's a total slut."

"You say that like it's such a bad thing." commented Toby.

"Hey, I'll go." said Billy.

"Hmmm, she might be a little out of your league, cousin."

"After this week?" he said incredulously.

"I wouldn't shake her hand without a full body condom." said Andrew.

"Now, be nice. I have it on good authority that the penicillin worked really well. The festering sores have cleared right up. You're being much too hard on her." replied his brother.

"I wouldn't fuck her with your dick, let alone mine. Besides, she's a real bitch."

"She's intensely self centered."

"A bitch!"

"Uh, how old is she?" asked Billy.

Toby turned his gaze on the young teen. "You're serious, aren't you?" Billy nodded enthusiastically. "Well, young Jedi, perhaps you might be up to the challenge."

"So how old is she?" Billy asked again.

Andrew groaned in disgust. Toby answered "She's in Andrew's class at school. Babs is sixteen. I would guess she's fifteen."

"Hey, I'm in the same class as Andrew."

"Hardly." was Andrew's dry reply. Billy flipped him the bird.

"Well, maybe, maybe. Don't bring it up, just say you're in the same grade and leave it at that. You got cash? Movie and McDonald's and a trip to the lake afterwards."

"Should leave you time to make it to the infectious disease ward afterwards." quipped Andrew.

"Fuck you!" said Toby. "Up for it?" Billy nodded happily.

"Okay, let's give it a shot." Toby hit redial on the phone. "Babs, I may have an answer to your problem..."

"So, what precisely are Toby and Billy getting into tonight?" asked Jane.

They're getting at least seven inches into the Cummings sisters, repeatedly. "Well, they're just out double dating with one of Toby's girlfriends and her sister."

"Well, that was awfully nice of Toby." commented Jessica. "Did he invite you, too."

Not in a million years. "I decided I would rather wait for Tracy to come back this weekend. I think we'll have a nice bike ride and go for a picnic."

"Tracy's Andrew's girlfriend." explained Jessica.

"Did you say 'one' of Toby's girlfriends? Popular boy?" asked Jane, a slight smile on her face.

Jessica shrugged. "He says he doesn't want to settle down with just one girl yet. I think he just likes playing the field. I think he has the idea of working his way through the entire cheerleading squad."

"Oh, my! You mean, he's been with ... oh, my!"

Andrew smiled. "I don't know if he's actually been with all of them, but a man should have goals, right?"

Jane blinked at this. "I don't think that's what was meant by that." Andrew simply grinned and shrugged again.

For the first time in three days both Jessica and Jane were dressed. It had been decided that if Toby and Billy could go out, so could they. Both Jessica and Jane had slipped into some halter topped sundresses and dressy sandals, and Andrew had pulled on some slacks and a dress shirt and loafers, and the three of them had driven over to the Neptune. It was a nice family restaurant, but one with a liquor license, and wasn't all that expensive. Andrew enjoyed being out with a pair of beautiful women, even if he couldn't acknowledge them as anything other than relatives.

"Are you and Tracy serious?" asked Jane.

Jessica smiled as Andrew replied "We're working on it. She's been away all week, but she'll be back on Saturday night. We'll probably see each other on Sunday."

"That'll be convenient. We'll be here through Saturday, and then you can see her the next day. Do you think you'll get enough rest Saturday night?" she teased.

Andrew grinned. "I'll just eat my Wheaties, I guess. I'll let you know how I get rated."

Jessica laughed at this. "Maybe you can practice your technique with your Aunt Jane tonight." She turned towards her sister-in-law. "He practiced with me a few days ago and got excellent grades, but you should really see for yourself."

Jane could feel her nipples crinkle under her halter top. "Maybe I will, at that. Maybe you can work on me tonight while your mother grades you."

"9.5, 9.6, 7.5 from the Chinese judge." commented Andrew, causing the two women to giggle. They were keeping their voices low, so that any neighboring tables wouldn't hear their risqué conversation. "I just wish we would get lessons like this at school!"

"Now that would be a fun class. Imagine being able to bring Mom and Dad in for show and tell." said Jane.

"Homework would be a lot more fun!" agreed Jessica.

"It would be a very interesting major." commented Andrew.

The women giggled some more, and the conversation stayed on the topic until the waitress brought out the check. After they paid, Andrew led the others outside to the car. His mother had driven, and his aunt was in the passenger seat. Andrew climbed into the one of the center seats.

Once out of the parking lot, Andrew undid his seat belt. Jessica saw the idiot light flash red on the dash and glanced back at her son in the rear view mirror. "What are you doing?"

"Something naughty." He smiled back at her and her eyes opened wide at this.

"What in the world?" Jane twisted her head and eyed her nephew curiously.

"You're first." Andrew slid off his seat and knelt on the floor right behind the center console of his mother's minivan. Reaching between the seats with his left arm, he cupped his aunt's hefty left breast through her dress. Jane squealed in surprise and Jane glanced over at her.

"Andrew!" Jessica protested, glancing around to see if there was any traffic. Andrew withdrew his arm, but before she could do anything, his right arm came through the gap and cupped Jessica's right breast. It was her turn to squeal, and the car wobbled as she gripped the steering wheel hard and shifted it slightly. "Behave!"

"Yes, ma'am!" He pulled his arm back, then snaked his left through again to fondle his aunt. This time, after playing with her breast for a moment, he maneuvered it inside her top, and was actually able to reach her distended nipple. Jane moaned and slumped in her seat as he toyed with her tit. "I think Aunt Jane is happy with my behavior."

"Oh, God!" she moaned, as counterpoint.

Andrew pulled his arm back and switched sides again. This time his mother was prepared, and though she protested, he didn't stop. In fact, like with his aunt, he slipped his hand inside her dress, to fondle her big tit.

"Stop! Andrew, we might be in an accident!"

"Then you had better watch the road." he replied. He pinched her nipple, causing her to give out a small shriek.

"You little bastard!" she muttered lowly.

He tweaked her nipple again. "Only you would know about that, Mom." She gave an outraged harrumph at that. He only relented when she pulled into their neighborhood. Pulling his hand back, he sat back on his seat, a big grin on his face.

After pulling into the driveway and parking, Jessica turned to face him. "I ought to spank you for that!"

"Ooh, kinky!"

She gave another cry of outrage and opened her door. Both Jane and Andrew laughed and climbed out as well, to follow her inside. They found her in the kitchen, pulling a pair of wineglasses out of a cabinet. "You've been naughty. You can drink water. These are for your aunt and me." She stuck her tongue out at him and gave him a raspberry before turning back to the counter.

"Oh, I am just devastated!" he replied. "Whatever will I do?!" He stepped up behind her and pressed against her, letting his mother feel his stiff cock. Stepping back slightly, he pulled her skirt quickly to her waist and fondled the bare globes of her ass. "Oh, mother, how can I possibly make atonement!?"

Jane began laughing as Jessica groaned. Andrew promptly moved over to her and gave her the same treatment. "Oh, Aunt Jane, forgive me, forgive me!"

She laughed at him. "You really are a little bastard!" She grabbed the jug of chardonnay and led the others up to the master bedroom.

It wasn't much more than a minute's work for Andrew to strip his mother and his aunt. He had their dresses unzipped at the back as soon as he got inside Jessica's bedroom, and then it was just a matter of unhooking the catches on their halter tops. They slid down to leave them standing in their sandals. The two women kicked them off and poured themselves some wine. Andrew next undressed himself without any ceremony, to stand there in front of them wearing nothing but a smile, with his erection pointing skyward. He began touching them as they stood there.

First was his mother. He faced her towards the mirror in front of her dresser and stepped up behind her. His cock rubbed in the crack of her ass as he pressed behind her, and his hands went around her, to cup her tits. She moaned as he fondled her, tweaking her nipples, pulling on them and pinching them. She wanted to sip her wine, but had to set the glass down when he moved one of his hands down her body. It ended between her legs, with his fingers probing her slit and teasing her clit. She began humping her body back at his, rubbing his cock between her asscheeks, and she could feel the moist warmth of his precome as it dribbled from his cock onto her skin.

Andrew took his mother to the edge of orgasm before pulling away. She shrieked quietly with irritation as he turned his attentions to his aunt. Jane stayed facing him, and wrapped her arms around his neck as he caressed her. She even scooted her ass up onto the dresser and tried to wrap her legs around him, to drag him in. He allowed her to do this to a certain extent, enjoying it when she reached down between them to stroke his cock, pumping out the precome, but he pulled back as she tried to pull his cock into her cunt. He frigged her clit briefly, and then pulled out of her arms. Jane complained loudly.

Jessica had been laughing at this as she drank her wine. Andrew moved to her a second time and turned her back towards the mirror. He rudely pushed her forward, spreading her legs wide, and entered her from behind. The women had stimulated him to the breaking point. As Jessica moaned in orgasm, Andrew slammed his cock in for a few strokes and began spewing jism. His mother could feel the spurts hitting her pussy walls and whimpered with the sensations. He kept pumping his come until her collapsed against her. Pulling out, he stepped back and sank down onto the bed.

"What about me?" asked Jane.

"Give me a few minutes. You two can work on each other for a few minutes."

"Wimp!" Jane gave her nephew a raspberry and pulled her sister-in-law over to the bed. They quickly got into a sixty-nine, with Jane cleaning the come from Jessica's pussy and thighs, and Jessica warming up Jane for the next round.

Andrew lay back against the headboard, surveying the situation, as his cock slowly returned to life. As soon as possible, he fisted himself back to full rigor and crawled behind his aunt. Her pussy was hot and wet and very slippery as he pushed in from the rear. He could feel his mother's tongue as it began licking the underside of his cock as it slid into Aunt Jane's cunt. He wondered what Toby and Billy were up to, but he really didn't care. It couldn't be any better than this!

"So, did you like the movie?" asked Tammy. She never understood where the name Tamara came from. It didn't run in the family, and she had never heard it on TV or in the movies. She smiled at Billy shyly.

Billy gave her a return smile. Toby and Babs had split off from them a few minutes before and were talking to some friends on the other side of the McDonald's. Did he tell her the truth or not? "What did you think?" he temporized.

"Well, it was okay, I guess." she said weakly. It was the latest Ben Stiller comedy, with a slew of big name stars and a big budget. It had gotten rave reviews.

"But... ?"

"Okay, I thought it sucked." she admitted.

Billy grinned hugely. "Me, too! All the time I was watching it I was thinking, 'this is two hours of my life I will never get back!' You really didn't like it?"

Tammy shook her head and smiled. "Maybe we really do have something in common."

"I think so."

Earlier, before the movie, Tammy had been a bit standoffish, but it had been more because of her grounding and forced double date than because Billy wasn't likeable. Now, after some conversation and time together, she could feel a few ... urges ... coming over her. She reached across the booth and took one of his hands in hers.

"Now, now! Enough of that! You're in jail, remember!?" Babs dropped into the booth next to her sister and separated their hands.

"Bitch!" replied Tammy, flipping her sister her middle finger.

"My God, the grief we get from the younger generation!" she protested to Toby.

"Perhaps you want to take her home and put her back in her cell?"

Babs snorted. "The hell with it. Let's go out to the lake." She grabbed her purse and stood back up. The others quickly joined her.

Toby's car was a Ford Taurus almost as old as he was, with a rattle in the rear suspension and a propensity to burn oil, but it was a car and it allowed him to take girls out on dates. Tonight's date was fairly typical - a movie, a late snack, and then off to a secluded spot for some heavy making out. The back seat was just large enough to be useful, but on a night with another couple along, something else needed to be done. Fortunately, he was prepared.

Tammy and Billy sat closely together in the back seat. Halfway to the lake, Billy put his arm around her shoulders tentatively, and Tammy snuggled against him. She was almost purring as she held him, and Billy kissed the side of her neck. She murmured happily and wrapped her arms around him. Neither noticed their whereabouts until they felt Toby's tires crunch over some gravel. They looked out the windows to see him driving down a small path near the lake. He kept going until the car was hidden behind some bushes.

Toby killed the engine and opened the door. He hit the trunk latch and said "Okay, everybody out." The others climbed out and gathered at the trunk. By the glare of the trunk light, he reached in and pulled out two old blankets, handing one to his cousin. "Here. You head that way, we'll be over here." He took Babs' hand and started walking away.

There was enough moonlight for Billy and Tammy to pick their way along the shore line. They went about twenty yards before finding a grassy spot and stopped. They spread out the blanket and settled down on it. "Think this is far enough?" he asked.

Tammy giggled. "That depends."

"On what?"

"On whether you don't want to see them or don't want to hear them. Babs is pretty loud."

Billy lay back and pulled Tammy into his arms. "And what about you? Are you loud?"

Tammy lay on Billy's chest. He wrapped his arms around her, holding her in place. "Maybe? Do you like that?"

Billy could feel his cock lurch in his pants at the thought, and he didn't try and hide it from her. "Sure, what guy doesn't? As long as the neighbors don't complain, it's great."

"Well, we'll just have to see, won't we. Do you think you can get me to scream like that?" Tammy could feel his stiff cock through his pants. It seemed huge!

"Let's find out." Billy rolled over to his side, pulling Tammy with him, so that they were lying on their sides, facing each other, arms around each other. He brought his lips to hers and began kissing her. Tammy moaned and returned his kisses, slipping her tongue between his lips, to wander over his teeth and begin dueling with his tongue. Billy returned the favor, twisting his head and kissing her hard enough to elicit a quiet moan.

Next was a hand, brought up to caress her tits through her tank top. Both sisters had worn jeans and tank tops to the movies, but afterwards they had slipped into the bathroom at the theater. When they emerged, they had both slipped off their bras and stuffed them in their purses, which both boys had happily noted. Tammy's tits were almost as large as her sister's, a definite handful, and Billy cupped each. Tammy moaned contentedly as he caressed them, tweaking them through the thin cotton fabric. She enjoyed it even more when he peeled the tiny strap down off her shoulder to expose first one, then the other. He maneuvered her onto her back and moved his lips lower.

"Oh my God, oh my God..." Tammy was panting as Billy's now well trained lips reached her nipples. He started by licking them, tracing circles with the tip of his tongue around them, alternating between one and the other. Next he began suckling gently on each of them, as he massaged and fondled the one he wasn't sucking. Then he shocked her by pulling back and nipping gently at each with his teeth. She had never had a boy do much more than suck madly at them as he pawed her body, and the extra attention was driving her wild.

It was too much for the teen. She pushed him back and sat up. Billy looked at her curiously, but she simply sat up and began stripping her clothes off in a frenzy. "Hurry up! I need you!" she demanded. Billy quickly stripped naked himself, wondering as he did so if mosquitoes were going to be a problem.

As soon as they were both naked, Tammy lay back down and spread her legs wide. She tugged him into position. "Oh, God, fuck me!" she demanded.

Billy was tempted, sorely tempted, but he remembered the lessons his mother and aunt had taught him. As Tammy lay on her back, he threw a leg over hers, pinning her down and spreading them apart. One hand went to the junction of her thighs, where his fingers began running through her greasy slit and playing with her throbbing clit. The other hand held her body flat to the ground as it played with her tits. He stayed at her side, with his head on her chest, and began nibbling and sucking on her nipples.

Tammy exploded in orgasm, shaking and shuddering and grunting incoherently. She was begging for him to stick his cock in her, and he desisted. He concentrated on her tits, nibbling and licking the left and sucking hard on the right. When he was done, she was going to have an outstanding tit hickey. The three boys had given both Jessica and Jane tit hickeys over the last few days, which had been hilarious to see. He figured only her sister would see Tammy's.

As Tammy thrashed on the ground, she finally loosened Billy's grip on her, and she bodily dragged him on top of her. "Fuck me! Now!" she demanded. Her hands pulled at his hips frantically to position his cock in her cunt. Billy helped and sank down into her fully on the first thrust. Again her back arched as she came wildly, then, as Billy began stroking in and out of her, she wrapped her arms and legs around him tightly. She was sobbing into his shoulder as he fucked her. It was too much for the young girl. She had never before had a lover who had so totally focused on her pleasure. Billy continued thrusting, slowly picking up speed until he exploded inside, filling her pussy to overflowing.

Forty feet away, on the other side of the car, Babs was riding Toby's cock. "It sounds like your cousin is pretty good at taking care of a girl."

"I taught him everything he knows."

"Maybe I should go find out."

Toby laughed and pulled her down, then rolled them both over so that he was on top. "I taught him everything he knows, not everything I know!" Babs laughed as Toby began to hammer his cock into her.

Billy collapsed into Tammy's arms, but when he tried to roll away, she tightened them around him. "No, stay in me, it feels so good!" He tried to lift up to take his weight off of her, but she protested at that. "No, just lay on me with your cock in me. That was ... amazing!" She began kissing his face madly as her hands roamed across his back. "Oh, Billy, oh, I need you."

With Tammy squirming beneath him, kissing and caressing him, his semi-soft cock still buried in her come filled pussy, Billy's body began to respond. He kissed back as best he could, and once blood began to refill his cockshaft, he began slowly pumping back into her. Tammy moaned as his cock began sawing back and forth, rubbing her clit, as his pubic bone ground down against her. Once again her arms and legs wrapped around him fiercely, trying to draw him ever deeper inside. Again she began babbling loudly, pleading for him to fuck her longer and harder.

Now, with the immediate urgency drained from his balls, Billy began fucking her harder and faster. He slammed his cock in and out, lifting her up off the ground with her ankles crossed behind his waist. The sensations were amazing, and if she had a backache the next day, he wasn't in a caring mood. Tammy was simply holding on, crying out "Fuck me, fuck me, fuck me!" over and over. Sweat was dripping off them both when he unloaded into her.

This time Tammy released her hold on him and Billy rolled off her, to lie on his back gasping for breath. Tammy rolled with him, snuggling against his side, with a leg thrown over his. He could feel the slimy mix of their juices dribbling from her pussy onto his thigh, wet and hot, but he was just too exhausted to care.

"Oh God, oh God!" sounded from down the beach. Tammy raised her head and glanced around before looking down at Billy. "Oh God, oh God!" was repeated.

Tammy's eyes opened wide and she giggled. "I think I know who that is."

"I don't think we moved far enough away."

"Do you think they heard us?" she asked.

"I think the people on the other side of the lake heard us."

Tammy giggled again and lay her head down on his shoulder. "How long are you going to be staying in town?" She ran a finger across his chest before slipping it lower. His cock was as sticky as her cunt, but she wanted as much of Billy as she could get before having to go home.

It was almost dawn by the time the two boys finished with their dates and got back home. Only Andrew was up. Having heard them stumble in the door, he went downstairs to greet them, dressed in sweatpants. "You two look like the walking dead."

"You see before you drained and dried husks of men. I think it will take surgery before anything comes back to life below my waist." replied Toby. He was rubbing his eyes.

Billy yawned and shook his head. "Now that was what I call a date."

Andrew snorted. "Billy, you've never been on a date before. How would you know?"

Billy ignored the jibe, yawning a second time. Toby responded, saying "Now, be nice. Our young Jedi apprentice has passed the final test to be a Jedi knight. Just call me Obi Wan."

"Yeah?"

Toby nodded. "As we took the girls back home, Tammy vowed to become an honest woman and offered to bear his children. She is considering dropping out of school, running away from home, and moving in with Billy as his lovetoy."

Billy smiled at this and smirked. Andrew eyed his cousin. "Give me a fucking break!"

"I'm telling you, we've created a monster." He glanced towards the stairs. "And your evening was... ?"

"My evening was enjoyable. The women are sleeping, which is what I was doing before you two assholes came stumbling in. I think I'm going back to bed."

"As will we."

Billy nodded and headed for the stairs, but turned back at the last moment. "Listen, if Billy fucks Aunt Jane, and you fuck Aunt Jane, and then you fuck Mom, and then I fuck Mom, and we all end up with a social disease, I am going to kick both your asses!"

Toby laughed and Billy replied "It would be worth it!"

Toby placed a hand on his younger nephew's shoulder. "Remember, young Jedi, that you must only use your powers for good, not evil. Do not go to the dark side."

"Give me a fucking break." muttered Andrew.
Chapter 9
Home - Top   Feedback to author



Home « rlfj's Page « Influence of the House of Incest Index « Previous - Settings
Chapter 9
Posted: December 18, 2008 - 11:20:29 am
Updated: November 13, 2009 - 01:21:38 pm

As the silver-gray Lincoln Town Car pulled to the curb, Toby smiled and let his hands off the lawn mower handle. The 'dead man' switch kicked off and the mower shut down. He waited for the occupants of the car to climb out before yelling into the house. "Hey! Mom! Uncle Bullethead and the twins just showed up!"

Inside the house Andrew laughed and Jessica yelled back a warning "Toby!" A thunder of feet in the foyer announced they were both coming to the front door.

Toby's mother and brother came outside to see Toby shaking hands with a much larger man on the sidewalk. "You're really full of piss and vinegar today, aren't you?" he commented.

"Me? You're the one who looks like a hitman from the Sopranos and drives around in a mafiamobile."

"Toby!" protested Jessica a second time. She came skipping down the walkway her arms held wide. "Jack!"

The mafia hitman's face lit up with a grin. Jack Miller actually did look like a refugee from the Sopranos television show. He was a big guy, easily six-foot-three and 235 pounds of solid muscle, with a totally shaved head and a somewhat menacing demeanor. When his baby sister got to him, he wrapped her in his arms and lifted her off the ground in a backbreaking hug.

After she got back down to the ground, Jessica held her arms out for her nieces. "Lizzie! Megan!"

Uncle Jack's twin daughters laughed and hugged their aunt. Both girls were just fourteen, but were the spitting image of their late mother. Compared to their father they were both tiny. Barely five foot tall and 100 pounds if they were thinking heavy thoughts, they were slender and beautiful, with long blonde hair and bright blue eyes. Though slim, both girls had begun developing some serious curves above the waist. They were identical twins, and it was practically impossible for anyone, including their father, to tell them apart. After awhile, most people didn't even try. They both had similar bubbly personalities. Jack suspected they'd both be perfect cheerleaders.

"Well, come on in!" said Jessica excitedly, an arm around both her nieces. She turned to head back up the walk. "Not you two." she told her sons." Pointing at Andrew she said "You bring in the luggage. And you, smartasss..." she pointed at Toby " ... can finish the lawn and then wash both my car and theirs!"

Toby snorted and laughed, then went back to the lawnmower. It started right up and drowned out any more conversation on the lawn.

Jack popped the trunk and grabbed a large bag. "This one's mine. Everything else is the girls'."

Andrew stared into the trunk, packed solid with various suitcases and bags. "All of it?" he asked incredulously.

"Well, they also have some stuff in the back seat, but we'll let them get that."

"Good lord!" Andrew exclaimed quietly. Jack simply laughed and grabbed a second bag, then headed inside. Room assignments were the reverse from the visit of Jane and Billy two weeks prior. Uncle Jack would stay in Toby's room and the twins would share the den; they had commented that they might just stretch out on couches downstairs if they didn't like the folding bed in the den. Toby would get relocated, again, to the top bunk in Andrew's room.

By the time Andrew had finished unloading the Town Car, Toby was finishing the lawn. He wandered into the garage as Toby shut down the mower. "What's up?"

"Mom's got a bug up her ass. I need to wash both cars."

"Couldn't happen to a nicer guy."

"You want me to tell her you got the clap?" replied Toby.

"Fuck you!" Andrew glanced back towards the minivan in the driveway. "Maybe we can get the bikini car wash team to make an appearance?"

Toby's eyes lit up and he gave his brother a look of appreciation. "Now that's actually a pretty good idea. Get to work." He sent Andrew inside while he grabbed a spool of hose and went back outside.

Andrew went in through the utility room to find everyone in the living room. "Okay, the lawn's done and we're about to get started on the cars. You two want to help?" he asked the twins.

Lizzie grimaced. "Why would we want to help?"

"Because it's your car they're going to wash and it's your luggage they unloaded." responded her father. "You two can go help."

Andrew smiled to himself. He could have predicted that at least one of the girls would protest and be sent outside as a result. "Hey, it's hot. Go put on a swimsuit and you can cool off." Both girls perked up at that idea, and they scrambled upstairs to change. Andrew headed back outside and gave his brother a thumbs-up.

'They bought it?" asked Toby.

"Hook, line, and sinker."

"You are my hero. Those two are definitely sweet. You think either of them have ever, you know?"

Andrew shrugged. "We might have to find out."

"I wonder if they look identical everywhere?"

The boys' curiosity was answered, at least partially, a few minutes later. A pair of teen goddesses came skipping out of the house, dressed in nothing but bikinis and flip-flops. The only way you could tell them apart was that Lizzie wore a gold chain with a name tag around her neck and Megan wore hers as a tennis bracelet. Even that wasn't a perfect fix, since they knew from previous visits that the girls would occasionally swap them just to confuse people. Both girls were wearing very skimpy string bikinis with side ties; Lizzie's was white and Megan's was black.

"Wow! You two have grown up!" commented Toby.

Both girls posed briefly, then Megan giggled while her sister said "You perv! We're your cousins!"

Toby simply shrugged. "So, I'm a perv. So what? You still look pretty good."

"Do those swimsuits turn transparent when they get wet?" asked Andrew.

"Perv!"

Megan answered "Maybe you'll have to find out."

Andrew turned his head towards his brother and nodded. Toby simply turned the nozzle of the hose towards the girls and cut loose, spraying them quickly. Both girls squawked in protest, then tried to wrestle the hose from him. Toby managed to get the hose to Andrew, but this wasn't any help. Andrew turned the hose on the three of them before being gang tackled.

The results were predictable. All four teens were soaked to the skin. Further, while the bikinis weren't transparent when wet ("Dad would kill us!") they were still very small and sheer. The cold water had their nipples popping big and cameltoes were obvious. Each boy silently upped his estimate from a B cup to a small C, which on the girls' tiny frames was very impressive.

The girls took over control of the hose while Andrew and Toby began washing the cars. At least that way the cars would get washed.

Inside the house, Jessica got herself and her brother a couple of beers. "God, they're really growing up." she commented.

Jack grunted disapprovingly. "Don't remind me."

His sister laughed. "The boys already sniffing around?"

"Sniffing!? They've practically set up camp in the family room!" Jessica laughed and he got serious. "Yes, the boys have noticed them, and the feeling is mutual."

"How mutual?" she asked.

Jack simply threw his hands in the air. "I have no idea. I have no idea how to even talk about this with them. It didn't seem like a problem at spring break, when you guys visited, but it seems like they've grown up so fast since then. Next fall they'll be in high school and want to date, and ... I don't know. God, I wish Rhonda was here. I'd let her handle this!"

Jessica nodded sympathetically. Their mother, Rhonda, had died two years ago from pancreatic cancer. She had only been 34 at the time, and Jack had been 38. Even though they knew the odds were against them, they had tried a round of chemotherapy. Rhonda had promptly lost her hair and had given up. Jack had shaved his head in a sympathy move, but it hadn't been enough. The results of the chemo had been almost useless and Rhonda had simply put her affairs in order. Pancreatic cancer is generally an aggressive and fast acting cancer, and Rhonda's was no different. She died ten weeks later.

"Maybe I can talk to them?" she offered. "I remember what it was like to be that age."

Jack looked at her and smiled, then grinned broadly. "Oh, that's making me feel so much better. I remember you and Rhonda when you were fourteen. I don't know as how either of you two should be considered role models!"

"Well, fuck you big brother! I can always let you take them to the OB-GYN for birth control pills!"

Jack grimaced at that. "Been there, done that."

"Oh?" Jessica hadn't heard that from him.

He shrugged. "Megan was complaining about 'female problems' and I had to take them to the doctor. Thank God Rhonda lived long enough to make their first appointments with her OB-GYN. It was during the spring. They were both having irregular periods, so he put them both on the pill."

Jessica nodded. "It runs in the family. I had the same problem. It really freaked Daddy out when he found out."

"It freaked me out, too. I had no idea that you needed to take birth control for that!"

"So, have they needed it for the normal reason?" she prodded.

Jack gave his sister a sharp look. "I don't know. I don't think so, but I just don't know."

She nodded. "Maybe I will have that little talk with them. I was fourteen, too, remember. Just like your wife!"

Jack nodded and worked on his beer. Rhonda Perlstein had been his sister Jessica's best friend all through school, and she had been a fact of life around the Miller household since the two girls had met in kindergarten. Jack had never really paid the girl any attention. He was four years older and hardly ever saw her outside of the house. Things had changed his freshman year in college. He came back home for Thanksgiving break and Rhonda had grown up. She wasn't his sister's little friend anymore, she was a young woman, and looked it. She had grown a few inches taller, her skin had cleared up, her braces had come off, and she actually had a figure. More than just a figure, she had turned into a knockout! Jack couldn't keep his eyes off her.

Things got serious when he came home for Christmas. Rhonda was sporting a C cup, wearing short dresses and high heels, and was making a play for him, the 'attractive older man'. Jack was hooked. They started dating over Christmas break, which didn't excite her parents overly much. True, they had known Jessica's older brother for years, but still, a college boy was dating their teenage daughter. They became intimate over spring break, which they succeeded in hiding from the parents. By the time they both graduated, he from college and she from high school, they were engaged.

Jack stood and went into the kitchen, returning with another couple of beers. He handed one to his sister. "Just so those two don't end up like you two."

Jessica laughed at that. "What, married to a couple of guys we fell in love with? No, we wouldn't want that!" Jack simply rolled his eyes to the heavens as she laughed at him.

"So, are you dating yet?" she asked more seriously.

Her brother glanced at her and then looked away. "Not any more than I was when you asked me in the spring."

"Jack, it's been two years. Are you even trying?"

"Probably about as hard as you're trying."

"That's not very nice, Jack. Andrew's only been dead a year! I'm barely out of mourning!" she protested.

Jack simply nodded. "Yeah, I know. I'm sorry. I didn't mean anything by it. Anyway, what woman out there is interested in a guy with a ready made family? With teenaged daughters, no less! By the time I'll be ready, nobody'll be interested." he said with a laugh.

"Oh, bullshit, Jack, and you know it. You're a good looking guy with a good job. You can't tell me you haven't seen any women who haven't given you the once-over."

Jack opened his mouth to protest, but then shut it and worked on his beer. His sister was right. He wasn't old or out of shape, he had a great job as a vice president of sales for a construction company, made great money, and was stable. He had gotten a number of subtle, and sometimes not so subtle, offers of companionship over the last year. He'd even taken a couple of the offers up at trade shows and conventions, the first from a fellow traveling saleswoman, a divorcee, and the second from a vendor at a trade show, a straying wife who liked to play when away from home. Both instances had proven that whatever the reason he hadn't started dating again, he still had an interest in women and that the plumbing still worked just fine.

He looked back at Jessica and shrugged. "Maybe. And maybe I'm not ready for anything yet. Doesn't mean I won't be ready someday." He sipped his beer, draining the bottle. "What about you? I know you said you were still in mourning, but you're not. The year is up, not that that means anything anymore. Are you looking to see anybody?"

Jessica gave a desponding laugh at this. "Oh, God, Jack! It's even worse for a woman! Any decent guys my age are already married. Besides, like you said, who wants a ready made family with teenaged boys? The only men I've met interested in me are just looking for horny widows and divorcees. I'm too old to start hanging around bars trying to get picked up."

Jack snorted in sympathy. "You've still got one advantage over me."

"What's that?"

"This is a college town. I bet you could find a college bar where there's some guys looking to meet cougars." He stood and headed towards the kitchen for another beer.

"Cougars! Oh my God!" she squawked.

"Yeah, it's not like there's any bars where old guys can hang out waiting for young college girls to pick them up." he continued. He was in the kitchen when he heard his sister faking retching sounds.

Dinner was casual, with pizza and wings being ordered in. The teens all changed out of their wet clothes and swimsuits into shorts and tee shirts. Both Toby and Andrew noted appreciatively that the twins went braless under their shirts. Their father noticed too, and although he gave them a disapproving look, didn't make them change. They were on vacation and with family. He let it slide.

Unlike the start of the previous vacation, when Jane and Billy visited, there was no chance for Jessica to take either of her sons to the basement to 'sort clothes.' The week seemed destined to be celibate. The only relief anybody received was what they provided themselves after they went to bed. Jessica played with a small vibrator through a pair of small yet pleasant orgasms. Toby and Billy jacked off quietly while laying in their bunks, fantasizing over their cousins. Jack jerked off while thinking about when he and Rhonda had been teens. Even the twins jilled themselves off, separately, one after the other, in the hall bathroom.

Sunday morning dawned bright and hot; it was forecast to be a scorcher of a day. The air conditioner was already humming by the time breakfast was finished. Jack used the last of his waffle to finish off the syrup on his plate and asked "So, what's the plan for today?"

Jessica smiled. "It's too hot to do anything, so why don't we go down to the swimming pool at the school." He looked at her curiously and she explained. "It's not in the school, but at the school. It's the municipal pool, outside, on property behind the high school. We just park in the school parking lot and walk through the fence."

"Sorry, Mom, but it's no go." replied Toby.

"Yeah, the pool filtration system is down for maintenance until Tuesday or Wednesday." explained Andrew.

"Damn!" exclaimed Jessica, who promptly blushed and covered her mouth. "Ooops, pardon my French! Sorry, girls, we'll have to wait."

The twins groaned at this. Both girls had been looking forward to wearing their new bikinis around a swimming pool with various boys watching them. Neither was very experienced, but being together with family members around to keep the worst of the letches under control had sounded like a lot of fun. Now they were going to have to stay cooped up in the house for almost half the week!

Toby looked over at his brother and raised his eyebrows. "I might have an idea." Andrew eyed him curiously. "Well, it's not a public swimming pool, but I don't think it will be a problem. What about the pond over by Marsven Hill?"

"Can we?" asked Andrew.

It was Jessica who responded. "I think so. It isn't fenced on or posted, so it should be fine. We've never had any problems when we've been out there before."

"Where is this place?" asked Jack.

Jessica sat back down at the table. "You go out of town to the west, about five miles. It's actually close enough that the boys and I have ridden our bikes over there a couple of times. The last time was when Jane and Billy were here. We went over and had a picnic."

"And it's public land?"

She shrugged. "I don't really know. It's not in a park or anything, but it isn't fenced off or posted No Trespassing or anything. There is a parking spot off the road, so it's not like nobody's ever been there before. There's a nice grassy section for picnics and a pond with a path down to it."

"Yeah, people go there, but there aren't any garbage cans or charcoal grills or anything." commented Toby. "Worst case, if somebody complains, we simply leave."

"I don't know..." said Jack slowly.

"Daddy! We have to go!" replied one of the girls.

"It's too hot! Let's go swimming!" said the other.

The two girls badgered their father, going back and forth until he gave in. The other three just grinned and watched the twins whipsaw him into submission. Within a few minutes Jack had agreed to go swimming at the pond near Marsven Hill, though with a certain degree of trepidation. It was decided that they would wait until after lunch at the house, when it was the hottest time of the day.

The twins could barely wait for lunch. They both changed into swimsuits, tee shirts, and shorts before lunch, hanging around the kitchen and watching the clock. Their father and cousins studiously ignored them, though Jessica had to struggle to keep from laughing. At one point she teased them by saying they couldn't go swimming for two hours after eating. Lizzie groaned in exasperation while Megan argued that it wasn't true. Within moments after bolting their lunch sandwiches down, both girls began loudly pestering the others to finish up.

"Alright, that's enough!" interrupted their father. "If you two don't knock it off, we're not going, and I mean it!" Jack's voice was loud and his face was red.

"Girls, just go in the living room and sit down for a bit. We'll leave in fifteen minutes." said Jessica.

Megan looked like she was going to complain, but Lizzie grabbed her arm and dragged her out of the kitchen. The two adults simply looked at each other and shook their heads. Jessica turned to her sons and said "You heard it. Go get changed, you two."

The teens stood. "You going to wear your string bikini, Mom?" asked Toby.

Jack eyed his sister curiously as she blushed. "Go!" replied Jessica. The boys laughed as they escaped.

"Well?" asked Jack.

She pointed at the doorway. "Go!" He laughed as well.

Jessica finished cleaning the kitchen and went up to her bedroom. Pulling open a dresser drawer, she debated petting on a bikini swimsuit for about a half second. She hadn't worn a bikini since Andrew Sr. had died, and while she owned a string bikini, the type she had worn for her late husband was considerably more extreme than what either of her nieces was wearing, and there was no way in the world she would wear it around them or her brother. She pulled out a one piece suit and changed. She pulled on a tee shirt and running shorts as a cover-up and slipped on a pair of flip-flops. She was the last one down the stairs.

"Come on, Aunt Jessica!" said Lizzie.

"Yeah! Let;'s go!" agreed Megan.

Jessica snorted and motioned the others towards the front door. The girls squealed excitedly and scampered outside. Jessica grabbed her sunglasses and purse, and followed the others, locking up behind herself.

It was a short drive, and they took Jack's Town Car, with the twins sharing the front bench seat with their father and Jessica and her sons in the back seat. In less than ten minutes she was guiding her brother off the road and down into the little glade. The drive had been so short the car's air conditioner had barely had a chance to start cooling it. Everybody climbed out and looked around.

Despite the heat of the previous several days, the grass in the small glen was still green and springy. Jack popped the trunk and Toby and Andrew pulled out the blankets and cooler they had packed while the girls were complaining about the delays. The site was set up and the boys peeled off their tee shirts. They led the others down the path to the pond and showed their relatives around the small pond.

Three couples, three generations, entered the large parlor. Three generations of women, grandmother, mother, and granddaughter, and their male lovers came in. They were all dressed nicely, the men in suit with carnations, the women in sundresses with corsages, as if they had all been to a formal luncheon. All three women, even the grandmother, were wearing stockings and ankle strapped high heeled sandals, and their sundresses were halter topped and several inches above the knee. The three couples stood in a circle in the parlor, looking at each other and smiling expectantly.

"God, this is really a gorgeous site!" exclaimed Jack enthusiastically. "I can't believe you ever found it, Jessica! It's totally off the highway; I'd have never have found it if you hadn't told me where to pull off!"

"This place is so cool!" gushed Megan.

"Totally!" agreed Lizzie.

The two girls stripped off their tee shirts and shorts and tossed them onto the shore, and then picked their way down through a series of rocks from the edge of the shore to deeper water several feet out. Squealing with excitement, they sat down on the rocks and slid into the cool water. They continued slipping in until their heads were completely under. Surfacing, they laughed and yelled out "Well, come on in!"

Jack laughed and tossed aside his own shirt. Disdaining the rocks, he simply walked out from the shore, continuing until he was deep enough to float, at which point he rolled over onto his back and watched the others. Toby and Andrew were next, using the same straightforward technique to get in the water. Jessica, on the other hand, decided to enter the water by going over the rocks, just like her nieces. She peeled off her cover-up and tossed it over with the others, and kicked off her flip-flops. With little thought of how her appearance affected the others, she picked her way out onto the rocks.

Jack swallowed as he watched his sister thread her way over the rocks. He had always known that Jessica was an attractive woman, even going back to her teenage years, but for the first time he felt it in a visceral sense. Jessica was wearing a sheer maillot swimsuit, not transparent, but thin enough that his sister's nipples were prominent, as were her pussy lips. The suit was cut low enough in the front that her navel was exposed, low enough in the back to hint at her butt, and very high at the hips. Surprisingly, both his daughters were staring at Jessica as avidly as he was, though he didn't know it at the time.

The grandmother reached up and unpinned her corsage, setting it aside on an end table. Then she turned her back to her counterpart, though she turned her head and smiled at him over her shoulder. Her lover, her brother and husband, smiled and unzipped the back of her dress, and then reached up and undid the clasp holding the halter top up. Her dress slipped down her body and pooled around her feet. Beneath the dress she was wearing nothing but thigh top sheer stockings. The others eyed her appreciatively. Despite being older than the other two women, she was still extremely attractive. Her skin was smooth, her waist was narrow, and her breasts were large and still sat high on her chest. Her pussy was shaved bare.

It was his turn. Turning back towards him, she removed his carnation and set it next to her corsage, and then stripped him naked. He was possessed of an impressive erection, and she stood next to him, stroking him and fondling his ball sac. There was one startling difference between brother and sister; while her hair was a luxuriant auburn, courtesy of Clairol, his was white, and covered not just his head but also his chest, quite manfully.

Jack couldn't take his eyes off his sister. He hadn't been this aroused since his wife had passed away, even during the two liaisons he had enjoyed while traveling on business. Embarrassed, he maneuvered his way out of the pond and went ashore. Grabbing his shirt, he moved back up the path to the blankets. He was out of sight of the pond. He lay down on the blanket, confused, and tried to stop thinking about Jessica.

His solitude didn't last. Within only a few minutes he heard steps along the path and turned his head to see his sister approaching. The wet fabric of her swimsuit was so thin it could have been painted on her body. She sank down onto the blanket at his side and tossed her hair, spraying droplets of water onto his back. She giggled and said "I thought I'd just let the kids play in the water. I wanted to put on some sunscreen and tan for a bit."

Jack watched as Jessica stretched out her legs and pulled a bottle of sunscreen from her beach bag. He tried not to stare as she rubbed the lotion onto her legs and arms. He could feel himself getting harder as he lay there, and thanked God he was face down. His sister either didn't notice or ignored his condition, and then she turned away from him. Twisting her head to look over her shoulder, she asked "Jack, can you do my back please?"

"Huh?" he answered in a daze.

"My back! Can you put lotion on it?"

Jack gave a silent groan as he rolled over and upright, praying that his erection wouldn't tent his swim trunks too much. He took the bottle from her and went to squirt some on her shoulders but then stopped, nervously. It had been years since he had touched his sister for anything other than a greeting hug or kiss, probably not since elementary school, and he really wasn't thinking platonic thoughts about her. Now, as he hesitated, Jessica misunderstood. She reached up with her hands and pulled the two straps of her top down. "Here, now you won't get it on my suit." She sat there, topless, her back turned to him, and looked at him over her shoulder.

Jack froze, staring at the smooth perfection of her back. He had seen earlier that she didn't have any tanlines from a swimsuit top and had wondered if she tanned or sunned topless. Now, however, he was frozen into immobility by the idea of touching his sister's beautiful naked body. "Jack, do my back, please!" she insisted, and he blinked twice, waking from his inactivity. He squirted a generous amount on her shoulders and down her back and began rubbing it in with his right hand.

Jessica rolled her eyes at his tentativeness. "Jack you can use both hands, you know." He was treating her like it was his first time with a girl, back in the eighth grade! Then she thought about it and smiled at the idea, her forty year old brother acting like The Forty Year Old Virgin in the movie. She retrieved the bottle of sunscreen and squirted some on her hands and began rubbing it onto her torso in the front. Jack gave out a silent whimper as he realized she was oiling up her magnificent tits. He finished and quickly lay face down again.

Jessica pulled her top back into place and smiled at her brother. "Thanks. You know, you need to be careful also. Here, let me return the favor." Before he could demure, Jack felt the cold lotion squirting onto his back. His cock throbbed beneath him as Jessica rubbed it all over his back.

Jessica smiled at the thought of touching her brother. Jack had been the next oldest child in the family, four years older, and she had always thought he was incredibly handsome and hot. Even now, shaved head and all, he looked incredibly masculine. He kept in excellent shape; she could feel the coils of muscle under his bronzed skin. He had a light covering of dark brown hair all over his body, not a heavy fur that was offensive, but it was obvious he was a powerful male. She smiled to herself with the realization she was becoming excited by him, excited sexually, with her nipples perking up and her pussy getting moist.

It was the turn of the second couple. The mother had just watched her mother be stripped down to stockings and heels by her father and uncle, one and the same man. Now she turned towards her own husband, her half-brother, son of her mother and her grandfather. Her lover repeated the process, undoing her corsage and setting it aside, and then undoing her halter top sundress and stripping her naked. Beneath it she had worn nothing but her stockings and high heeled sandals, just like her own mother. Like her mother she was voluptuous, with a thin waist, wide hips, and large breasts. Unlike her mother, her hair was honey blonde and still naturally colored. She then stripped her lover bare. Compared to her father, he had very little body hair, but he still looked very masculine, with a cock slightly longer and slightly thinner. Like her mother she began to fondle him lewdly.

"Roll over, Jack. Let me do your front." said Jessica.

"Uh..."

"Come on, Jack, you are going to burn up!" she ordered.

Jack closed his eyes and rolled over. If he couldn't see her face he wouldn't see her be embarrassed by his condition.

Jessica's eyes opened wide as she saw the lump in her brother's swim trunks. She and Rhonda had told each other everything, and Rhonda had frequently bragged about the size of her husband's equipment and of her own ability to handle it in every way possible. Now it seemed that her best friend hadn't been exaggerating, as hard as that was to believe. Her husband had been very well equipped, and both her sons were as well, but Jack seemed even larger. She briefly wondered about her own parents. Was cock size an inherited trait, like height and build and bone structure? If so, no wonder her mother had been very happily married!

Jessica squirted some sunscreen on Jack's chest, immediately realizing that the droplets of lotion looked just like droplets of something else entirely different. Her pussy flooded with juice at the thought, which intensified as she began rubbing the lotion in. His skin felt hot, smooth despite the layer of hair coating it, and soft despite the hard muscles beneath. Her breath caught in her throat and she squirted more sunscreen on him. Her nipples were painfully erect under the sheer fabric of her swimsuit, and she massaged the creamy lotion over his torso and chest. When she was finished, she squirted some more on and began again.

It was time for the final couple to join the others. She was a young woman, still a teen, dressed identically to her mother and grandmother. Her partner was her half-brother, and also her uncle, since his father was actually one of their mother's brothers. She was a redhead, with long slim legs, slender ankles, narrow hips and waist, a tightly muscled and rounded butt, and very large breasts. The family resemblance with her lover was much closer than with the others. He was also tall and slender, with a face that screamed a relationship. His body, unlike the others, was almost hairless, and they were both young enough that shaving was not a daily requirement for him. He took as much time and care stripping her bare, but she raced through the process with him. His cock was of an average length, perhaps slightly above average, but very thick. Even with years of practice she still needed some time taking him into her throat.

Jessica marveled at her brother's physique as she rubbed her greasy hands across his chest and stomach. His skin glistened with the lotion. His trunks twitched as his stiff cock throbbed beneath the thin fabric. She couldn't stop herself. Her hand crept lower and lower, to the stretch waistband of his trunks, and lingered there longer. Soon enough she felt a fingertip slip under the waistband, then a moment later on the next pass, a second. Then her fingertips stayed under the waistband as she moved her hand, and then a third finger, and a fourth joined in. Jack's cock twitched as her index finger's nail grazed his cockhead, but it was Jessica who cared the most. Moaning lowly, she put her hand further into his trunks and grasped his cockshaft.

Jack's eyes snapped open, even as he groaned, to stare at his sister. "Jessica... ?" he stammered out.

She simply nodded. "Yes, Jack." She began to stroke his cockshaft. It was too much for him. Jack's cock exploded pumping jism onto her fingers and into his swimtrunks. "Yes, Jack." she pleaded as she pumped him dry.

Jack stared at his sister in disbelief, first at what she had done to him and secondly at what he had allowed to happen. She pulled her sticky, come coated hand from his trunks and licked it clean, swallowing down his jism. Then, with a gentle smile, she untied the string inside his waistband and tugged his trunks down and off his legs. She stripped off her own suit and he marveled at her beautiful body. Jessica crawled onto him, facing away, and knelt with her pussy over his face. She lowered herself onto him and they began a sixty-nine.
Chapter 10
Home - Top   Feedback to author


Home « rlfj's Page « Influence of the House of Incest Index « Previous - Settings
Chapter 10
Posted: December 22, 2008 - 10:39:59 pm
Updated: November 13, 2009 - 01:21:38 pm

The young woman, still a teenager, daughter and granddaughter to the other two women, told the other women that it was time. Excitedly they confirmed her desire, and at her smiling acceptance, kissed her thoroughly on the lips, pressing their naked bodies against hers. This was to be her first attempt at a breeding, and she was very excited. The customs in her family were generations old; when a woman wanted to have a baby, they held a small ceremony with as many male relatives as were available, and they used her sexually, repeatedly. Sometimes she caught on the first try, often she didn't, and the woman would continue having sex with as many male relations as she could until she became pregnant. This wasn't very unusual compared to her normal actions, since she enjoyed sex with them all frequently anyway, but there was the added spice of making a baby to throw in the mix.

Both her mother and grandmother had enjoyed gangbangs when they had bred as well. Her grandmother had told her that for all three of her children she had been bred on something akin to a gynecologist's examination table, though it was much more padded and pleasurable. She had been naked, with her legs up and spread wide in padded supports, while her father, grandfather, two uncles, and her brother had used her for hours, leaving her pussy awash in sperm.

The young woman's mother had related that she had chosen a different method. She was much more submissive than her mother, so to fulfill her fantasies, she had been blindfolded and laid face down on an Ottoman, with her knees tied apart and her wrists tied to the front legs of the Ottoman. She had been assured that it was only male relatives who used her that afternoon, and she was fucked into oblivion and beyond by them as they attempted her breeding.

Her daughter had chosen a method closer to her grandmother's, not being as submissive as her mother. The three men in the room would breed her. Her grandmother's lover, her great uncle, lay on his back on the carpet, and he aimed his cock towards the ceiling. She knelt over him and sank down onto him, sighing happily as she did so, and he used his strong hands pulled her forward and then spread her asscheeks apart. Her half-brother/uncle knelt behind her and drizzled scented body oil on her asscrack and his cock; he slipped into her ass easily. Finally her mother's partner, her uncle, knelt at her side. She twisted her head and opened her mouth, inviting him to thrust deeply into her face. Now, as she was tripled up on, airtight, the three men began using her for their pleasure, driving her to orgasm after orgasm. She had selected these three men for her first breeding, and their positions carefully. Her father had been the first to teach her fellatio at the age of twelve, her grandfather had been the man who had deflowered her at thirteen, and her brother had taught her the joy of anal sex at fourteen. The three men would continue swapping places until they couldn't fuck anymore.

The other two women sat together on the love seat, their arms around each other as they cuddled and fondled each other to orgasm, watching the next generation breeding a future generation. Afterwards, when the men had rested, they would join in for a glorious orgy in the evening.

"How far is it to the other end of the pond?" asked Megan.

Andrew gave a shrug and Toby glanced around the corner of the rock they were next to. He looked over at his cousin. He thought it was Megan, but the girls weren't wearing their nametags; it was the girl in the black string bikini, which had been Megan the day before. He looked down towards the end of the pond and back. "I don't know, at least a hundred yards. Why?"

"Because I don't want to just sit on this rock. Let's go swimming!"

The four teens had run into the water and splashed around for a bit before swimming to a large rock about twenty yards from where they had entered the water. It had offered shade from the brutal sun, and was next to another rock that formed a shelf under water, where they could sit in the water with their heads above the surface.

Suddenly antsy, Megan continued on "Come on, let's race!"

Andrew laughed. "He's the brawn, I'm the brains. You want a jock, get him to race."

Toby laughed. "You want to race? Okay. Eat my dust."

"There's no dust in the water!" she replied. "Lizzie?"

"I'll stay with Andrew. It's nice and cool here in the shade." She actually moved closer to him and he put an arm around her shoulder. His touch felt tingly to her and she snuggled against his side.

"Whatever!" Megan flipped some water at Toby and took off with a strong crawl stroke. Toby easily kept pace with her, which angered her and she tried to go faster. Toby laughed and kept up a strong pace, so they quickly reached the far end of the pond. Lizzie and Andrew watched as their siblings splashed water at each other and then crawled ashore.

Andrew pulled his arm away from his cousin. "Let's go back to shore before we turn into prunes." Lizzie nodded and the two pushed off from the submerged rock and swam the short distance back to their towels. They quickly dried off and sat down on the grass. Andrew was pleasantly surprised when Lizzie snuggled back up against him, and he automatically wrapped her up in his arms. "You can't be chilly."

"It felt nice earlier, out there on the rock."

He hugged her close to him. Both girls were beautiful, slender and buxom at the same time. Within a couple of years he suspected they would both be seriously top-heavy, a prospect that he looked forward to seeing. Having one of the girls in his arms was very enjoyable. "Yes, it did."

The young girl blushed. "I mean it was nice, but it was a different kind of nice. I don't know how to say it." She turned her head away, embarrassed and blushing.

Her cousin didn't laugh at her, but simply hugged her again. "No, it's different. Tell me, have you started talking to boys yet, you know, about dates and stuff?"

She looked at him and blushed again, lowering her eyes. "Daddy says we're too young to date."

"Are you freshmen?"

She looked at him in confusion. "Well, we're in the ninth grade. Our high school is 9 through 12."

He nodded in understanding. "I am going to bet that lots of older guys in the school have been asking the both of you if you want to go out to dances and movies and stuff, hmmm?"

Her eyes widened. "How did you know!?"

"And I will also bet that guys in your own class seem really juvenile, like a bunch of kids, right?"

"Oh my God! What, do you have spy cameras on us!?"

Andrew laughed and shook his head. "I don't have to. Girls grow up before guys do. On several levels you two are more mature than they are, like at the tenth or eleventh grade level. Not in classes, but in maturity and just being grown up."

"Yeah! The guys in my classes, they're just so gross and crude, even the guys I've know all my life! I mean, just last week, this guy I've been going to school with since kindergarten, a friend, he tried to kiss me and grab my boobs. It was just so gross!"

"What'd you do?" he asked. Lizzie obviously hadn't been permanently scarred by the event.

She blushed. "I kneed him in the balls. He fell to the ground and started crying."

"I guess he won't do that again." Andrew hugged his cousin protectively, which elicited a quiet moan from her. "I'm also guessing that at a different level you might like it if a boy did that. If you wanted him to, that is."

"Well..."

"Come on, no lies. Tell the truth. You're curious, aren't you?" She couldn't answer, but just nodded and turned her head away.

Andrew reached up with a hand and laid his fingers on her chin, turning her face back towards his. Nervously she allowed him to twist her in his arms, and when she was facing him, his lips were only inches from hers. Before she could even think about it, they were touching hers, tentatively at first, but then with a firmer pressure, and she felt herself kissing him back. Fire raced through her body, first at her lips, then down to her breasts, on to her pussy, and finally down her legs to her toes. She didn't know how she felt, but she knew it felt good.

After a few minutes of increasingly passionate kissing, the two broke apart. Andrew looked at her and smiled. He had managed to lower her to the grass and they were sprawled out holding each other. She simply breathed out a loud "Wow!"

"I think if your friend had tried that, he might not have ended up on the ground."

She laughed. "Never!"

"Was that your first real kiss?" She shyly nodded. "Did you like it? Tell me what you felt."

"I liked it." she whispered. "It made me feel ... I don't know how to say it..."

"It turned you on. It wasn't just here..." he said, brushing her lips with a fingertip " ... but everywhere else, too." He ran his fingertip down her cheek, past her jawline and down her neck, to wander over her shoulder and down her side to her hip and down her thigh.

Lizzie shivered at his touch. It felt like when she and Megan were up in their bedrooms, touching themselves, but even better. She felt as hot and as wet as when they played games and practiced kissing each other. She looked up at him, laying next to her but with his body leaning over hers, and nodded. "Yes."

"It makes you want to kiss and touch and do other things, as well." Andrew was in first class seduction mode, and while he would never have the he-man looks of his brother, he had a level of confidence and a mien that women found very appealing. It had worked on his mother that night they were practicing his seduction of Tracy Helder, and with Tracy's eventual seduction a week later. Tracy had been a virgin up to that point also, and was now a very willing participant in almost any sort of sex act possible between two people. What had worked with Tracy was working with Lizzie as well.

Andrew leaned back down and began kissing Lizzie again, though now he allowed his hands to roam over her back and body, carefully avoiding her tits and pussy, but running down her back and cupping her asscheeks through the tiny bits of fabric. Lizzie simply moaned, reveling in the new sensations pouring through her body. She enjoyed it even more when his lips left hers, tracing a line along her cheek, to her jaw and then down, to nibble her neck and shoulders. By the time he moved lower, he had already untied her bikini top and pulled it aside without her even realizing. Before she could complain about his being too fast, her first orgasm hit, when he began sucking her nipples, first her left and then her right. She shrieked softly as her back arched, lifting her up and off the grass.

Andrew continued working her ample tits over, suckling her oversized nipples through a second orgasm, then moved lower still. His tongue worked over her navel briefly before continuing on, and by the time he got to her pussy, he had undone the side ties there as well. He noted that his cousin had a tiny landing strip, so she could wear the microscopic swimsuit, but kept going lower. Her third and fourth orgasms were from his licking and sucking her tiny clit.

When Lizzie next opened her dazed eyes, it was to find her cousin stretched out over her. She was laying on her back, naked, with her legs spread apart and Andrew kneeling between them, leaning down over her, supporting himself on outstretched arms. She knew he was naked, too, not because she looked down and saw, but because she could feel his cock laying on her body, thick and heavy and very, very hard. She knew what would happen next, and was afraid that if she looked, she would stop. "Yes." she whispered.

It was what Andrew had been waiting for. Reaching between them he used one hand to guide his cockhead between the teen's pussylips while supporting himself one-armed. His cockhead felt the soupy hotness of her pussy and he pushed in. She was incredibly tight but incredibly wet. Her cherry lasted only seconds. Lizzie gasped as it was ripped apart, then gasped a second time as she was filled up, with Andrew's pubic bone grinding down against her clit. Instinctively she wrapped her arms around his neck and her legs around his waist and began crying out incoherently.

Andrew whispered love notes into her ear, knowing that the words were less important than the sentiments they carried. Meanwhile he began slowly fucking his cock in and out of her. In some ways it was a repeat of his first time with Tracy, though in other ways quite different. Tracy had been just as tight and wet, but she had known all along what would be happening after their picnic lunch, and had given Andrew both a handjob and a blowjob before he had popped her cherry. With Lizzie it was just as good, but more unexpected, and he concentrated on making it as perfect for the young girl as possible. Much too soon biology won out and he nutted inside her, filling her tiny pussy with an overwhelming load of jism as she spasmed and came underneath him.

Andrew stopped pumping his cock into his cousin and held himself above her as she slumped to the grass under him. Her eyes opened and she smiled up at him. "Wow!" she said, repeating herself from earlier.

Andrew chuckled. "I take it that's a good 'Wow' and not a bad one?"

Lizzie giggled and dragged his face down to hers for a quick kiss. "That wasn't a good 'Wow!' That was a great 'Wow!' That was a let's do it again and don't ever stop 'Wow!' Oh my God!"

Andrew's cock hadn't deflated significantly since he had come in Lizzie's pussy, and he began to slowly move over her, slowly pumping their combined juices. The extra effort quickly stiffened him thoroughly again. Lizzie's eyes widened as she felt him moving inside her and her mouth ovalled as she gasped and moaned. "Oh, God, don't stop!" she begged him.

"Once more, and then we'll have to go back in the water and clean up and get dressed." he said. He began pounding his cock into her a second time.

"What about the others?" she wondered, fucking back up at him.

"They're probably doing this just like we are." He smiled as she considered Toby and Megan, and then her father and her aunt. Her facial expressions were priceless. "Is that a problem?" he asked.

Just then a small orgasm swept through her. She whimpered and looked up at him. "If they feel as good as we do, it's not a problem at all." She dragged him down on top of her body and wrapped her arms and legs around him a second time.

The first round of her breeding went quickly. She had often joined in triple penetrations before, but today, being bred for a baby, it was especially exciting. Her brother climbed off her and she rolled off her grandfather, and her mother and grandmother joined quickly, to act as fluffers to rejuvenate the three men. As soon as they were stiff, the youngest lay down on the floor and her grandfather knelt at her side. Her father would be the one to take her now come-lubricated ass.

Toby swam alongside Megan easily. They were making good time across the pond, but he knew he had reserves of strength and speed his young cousin didn't have. Still, he had no interest in rubbing her nose in it, so he simply kept pace with her. After her first few comments, he just laughed and allowed her to move ahead half a body length and stayed there. She crawled out of the water a few paces ahead of him and jumped up and down, waving her arms in the air. "Beat you, beat you!"

Toby smirked and refused to answer as he stood and walked ashore. He smiled at his beautiful blonde relative; in jumping around, both of her tits had escaped her skimpy top. He hadn't realized her nipples were so large! Her bikini hadn't had much more material in it than was required to keep her nipples hidden.

Megan stopped jumping and stared at him. "You could have whipped me any time you wanted, couldn't you?" she asked.

Toby smiled. "Pretty much." His eyes remained focused on her chest.

Megan snorted. "What are you staring at?" She looked down to see her tits hanging out of her top. "Oh, shit!" She whirled away from him and stuffed herself back in before turning back to him. "You liked that, I bet!" she accused.

Toby smiled again, a big grin on his face. "Yeah, I did!"

Megan glanced downwards to see what looked like a giant sausage filling the front of her cousin's swimsuit. She had never seen a real live penis before, but she had seen a few pictures with her friends, in porn they had pilfered from fathers and brothers, and she had even seen a sex scene in a dirty movie once with her neighbor, Julie Matthison. Still, the front of Toby's trunks looked huge to her! Nervously she turned her head away, and then back, to look at his face.

For the first time in her life, Megan Miller looked at a man sexually, and could feel her body responding to him. While she and her sister had already been asked out, she had been primarily considering dating as more of a social ritual, rather than as the first step in a mating ritual. Both girls liked the attention they got, but now, as she stared at her cousin, her hormones began taking over. She began to look at Toby as a man, not just a relative, and she could feel her nipples perking up and her pussy flooding with juice. He was tall and muscular, with a chiseled face, broad shoulders, and a slim waist. She had known, intellectually at least, that Toby was in sports at his school, but his physical development was simply gorgeous! Glancing back down at his swimsuit, she knew that everything about her cousin was big. Blushing, she looked up at his face to see him looking at her calmly.

"Has anyone ever told you just how beautiful you are?" he asked quietly.

"No." she answered weakly. Certainly her father had said so, but he was just her father. Toby was a real man!

"You are, you know. You are incredibly beautiful and sexy and desirable. Just being with you makes me want you!"

"Oh!" she whimpered. Her nipples felt like they were about to rip through her bikini top, and she was so wet between the legs that she was sure that if it wasn't already wet from the pond, she would have a major stain on the suit. Her legs felt weak.

"I want you!" he repeated, moving his face closer to hers, and saying it in a whisper.

It was too much for the young teen. Sagging against him, she cried out "Oh, Toby!" and felt her legs give way.

Toby held his cousin up, savoring the heavy warmth of her breasts flattening against his chest. "I want you!" he said for a third time, and lowered her down to the grass. Megan continued clutching him, rubbing her body against his in the timeless ritual of need and desire. He lay back on the grass and pulled her over him, so that Megan was laying prone atop his body, and his fingers swiftly untied her top and bottom. He pulled it away from her, so that she was naked, writhing against him, his cock stiff and prodding her through his trunks.

Suddenly she was sliding off him and sitting upright, looking down at him. She realized her nakedness, but wasn't trying to hide herself. "Toby?" she asked, confused and a little dazed.

"Take my trunks off?" he ordered. Megan nodded and reached for his trunks. She tugged at them futilely until Toby helped by undoing the tie inside the waistband and lifting up off the grass, helping her pull them below his hips. She gasped as she saw his massive cock exposed, and stopped to stare at it. "All the way, Megan." She nodded a second time and tugged his trunks off and left them on the grass by his feet.

Megan's eyes moved back to her cousin's gigantic looking prick. It was throbbing, it seemed, and she felt like she could see the blood pumping through the thick veins along its length. It looked even bigger than the cock she had seen in Julie Matthison's brother's dirty movie, and there was no way it could go into her pussy, or any pussy for that matter!

"Toby?" she asked nervously.

"Get on top of me. It will be easier." he replied. Megan awkwardly straddled his body and he used his hands to help position her. "Now, sit up for a moment." Toby reached down with both hands, one to aim his cockhead and the other to hold open the lips of her pussy. "Now sit back on me."

At the first touch of his fingers to her pussy, Megan cried out as she orgasmed. She had touched herself many times before, and a few times she and her sister had traded favors, but having a boy do it was way better. She collapsed, her legs giving way underneath her, and by accident more than by design, sank down on her cousin's cock. Her eyes snapped open as her pussy engulfed him, and she didn't stop until he was completely buried and her clit was rubbing against his body. "Oh ... my ... God!" she slowly exclaimed.

"Are you alright?" asked Toby, smiling up at her. He had deflowered two junior cheerleaders earlier in the year and had somewhat mixed feelings on the entire process. While he knew some guys thought popping cherries was little more than great sport, he knew it was an important step for a girl, and didn't want to treat it cavalierly. He also knew it could be painful and bloody and scary that first time, and not something to be done in the back seat of a car, where bloodstains would be a real problem. Of the two girls, one it had hurt considerably, and the other had complained of nothing more than a minor paper cut. All in all, he wasn't sure if the privilege of being the first was worth the bother.

So now he looked up at her with a happy smile and a confidence he didn't entirely feel, and asked "Are you alright?" He had moved his hands to her hips as she dropped into place, and now he held her steady.

"Oh, God, yes!" she moaned. "Oh, it's so good!" She began to move, her cunt sliding around the cock buried tightly inside it. It was unlike anything she had ever felt before, so incredibly tight and wet and full. She moved some more and felt another orgasm wash through her body. "I never knew it could be so good!"

Toby had to agree, even if only to himself. Megan was the most incredible fuck he had ever experienced. She was bouncing on his cock and he could feel every wrinkle and fold in her velvety smooth pussy. "Do it, baby, ride me and come. Make it feel good!" He began lifting and dropping her on his cock, directing her movements. He began moving the teen so that she was doing more than just moving vertically, but was moving round and round, going sideways and backwards and forward, so that every bit of her pussy was involved.

Megan moaned and whimpered. She had often touched herself in the last year, since she and her sister had matured and she had first felt the physical need for intimate contact. She and Lizzie had been touching each other for months, they had even begun kissing, 'practicing' for future dates with boys. Nothing they had done together had prepared her for the pleasure she was feeling now. She had never felt orgasms so long or so intense. "Oh, Toby!"

Toby loved the feelings the young girl was generating in his cock, but he could feel his own orgasm approaching quickly. "Megan, do you use birth control?" he suddenly asked. "Megan?"

Megan came out of her daze and looked down at him. "I'm on the pill."

"Oh, God, that's good. Oh, Jesus!" He yanked down hard on her hips, planting his cock deep, and lost control. His cock spasmed and Megan could feel it increase in size even more. Jets of hot come spewed out of him, one after the other, and she felt the blasts coating her pussy. With a final gasp, she collapsed on top of him, shaking with excess adrenaline and energy.

"Toby, oh, Toby!" she whimpered.

"Shhh..." Toby ran his hands across Megan's back and licked and nibbled at her neck softly. "It's all right." he whispered. He still felt stiff inside her, and their mixed juices began slowly seeping out, to run down between his legs, cooling off as it dried. It felt odd but exciting.

Eventually, Megan's eyes opened up and she lifted up. "Toby, that was ... I mean, I never ... oh, Toby!"

He grinned up at her. "Yeah, wasn't it? Are you okay?"

She nodded vigorously. "It was wonderful!"

"You're all right, you know?" He tried looking down with his eyes, though it was almost impossible in their current position.

Megan didn't understand. "Toby?"

He rolled his eyes in exasperation. Rolling over with her in his arms, he maneuvered them so they were on their sides, facing each other. In so doing, his cock slipped out of her come drenched cunt. "Does it hurt?" he asked.

"No." she replied, her face screwed up in consternation. Suddenly a look of comprehension came over her and she smiled. "No! My hymen tore a couple of years ago, when I fell on my bike. No problem."

Toby grinned back at her. "Glad to hear it!"

"Uh, Lizzie still has hers." she commented.

Toby grinned again. "I wouldn't be so sure about that."

His cousin's eyes snapped open and her jaw dropped. "You mean ... Andrew and Lizzie ... oh!"

He kept grinning. "Probably. I mean, there's you and me, my mom and your dad ... you tell me!"

"Daddy and Aunt Jessica — No!"

Toby nodded. "Hey, your dad had a major league boner in his pants when he left the pond, and Mom saw it and followed after him. Go figure."

"But they're brother and sister!"

"And we're cousins." he countered. "Does it matter?"

She had to think about it before she shook her head. "I guess not."

"So, if it's okay for our parents to be doing this, and it's okay for your sister and my brother to be doing this, is it okay for us to be doing it — again?"

Her eyes widened again and she giggled. "Uh, can we?" She looked down between them to see Toby's cock pointing back.

Toby used his groin muscles and caused it to twitch. "You bet!" He rolled her over onto her back and crawled over her. "A man's got to do what a man's got to do!" It felt even better going inside her a second time, now that she was even more lubricated. "Tell me what you want!" he whispered into her ear.

Megan came again at his words, and wrapped herself around him. "Oh, Toby!"
Chapter 11
Home - Top   Feedback to author


Home « rlfj's Page « Influence of the House of Incest Index « Previous - Settings
Chapter 11
Posted: January 14, 2009 - 12:19:33 am
Updated: November 13, 2009 - 01:21:38 pm

Toby and Megan swam easily back across the pond, to find both Andrew and Lizzie sunning themselves naked on the grass. Megan's top had come undone on the swim over as well, so she was almost topless herself. Regardless, neither girl commented on their own partial or full nudity, nor of Andrew's. It seemed as if all four understood what had just occurred and it was no longer a big deal. Then Megan stripped off her swimsuit and dried off, and then both twins pulled their tee shirts and shorts on commando style. They tossed their bikinis in their swim bags. Andrew and Toby dried off and pulled their shirts on also. It was time to leave.

By the time the foursome meandered up the little path, they found their parents also getting ready to go. Jack was sitting on the blanket, pulling on his tee shirt. For the teens, the interesting sight was Jessica. She was standing on the grass, her back to the lake, naked. She was pulling her shorts up commando style, and then pulled her top on. Her swimsuit was still lying on the blanket. The twins gaped at each other; the brothers simply nodded at each other over their cousins' heads, a sly smile on their faces.

Jessica turned to face the teens. "You girls need to brush out your hair. We're going to stop at Pondo's Pizza on the way back for dinner."

"Is it that late already?" commented Andrew.

Toby glanced at his waterproof watch and nodded. He held it out towards his brother and said "The big hand is on the..."

Andrew shoved the arm away. "I'll give you a big hand!"

"We can't go out! We're not dressed!" wailed Megan.

"It's not that fancy a place, guys." replied their aunt.

"Daddy!"

Jack simply rolled his eyes skyward. "What!? The water is clean, you've got your clothes on and your flip-flops. Just brush your hair out. I'm hungry. We are not going to go home, take showers and get dressed and go out again in three hours."

Lizzie protested as well, then the two began digging through their bags for hair brushes. "We don't have any makeup!" Lizzie complained.

"You two are only fourteen and you don't need any makeup." he replied disapprovingly.

The girls protested at that, though their aunt smiled to herself. She would need to work on her brother this week. She had noticed both girls weren't wearing their bikinis under their clothes. It was time the girls grew up some. She would take the girls out for some shopping and girl talk over the next few days.

After just another few minutes, the group headed back to the car. Just like on the drive over, the girls sat on their cousins' laps, though without the complaints they had given on the drive over. In fact, the only complaint they gave out was when Jack had commented that after a few minutes with a hairbrush, they were almost civilized looking. Jessica had laughed at the ensuing uproar. Dinner was a pair of large pies and a round of sodas, with the leftovers taken back for late night snacks.

As soon as they got inside the house, the two girls both screamed "Shower!" and ran for their bags in the den. Then it became a mad rush for the pair as they hustled up the stairs. They both went into the bathroom together. Toby looked over at his brother with amusement. "When it's our turn, do you want to shower with me?"

Jessica snorted at this. Andrew simply answered "That is nowhere near as interesting as some might think. I would, however, volunteer to shower with one of the girls, so we can share the water."

"Good idea!" agreed his brother. Jack grumbled at this, and Toby eyed him from the side. "Maybe not."

Jack nodded dryly at this. "Maybe not."

Jessica snorted again. Taking her brother's hand, she said "Come on, Jack. We can use my bathroom." Her sons' eyebrows rose at this, as did her brother's, and she quickly added "Separately." The boys laughed and she tugged him out of the kitchen.

Jessica stopped at the linen closet in the hall and handed her brother a towel. The sound of teenage giggling carried clearly through the main bath door in the hallway. The parents smiled, and then moved on. Jack went into Toby's room, where he was staying. "Jack, I'll call you when I'm done. It won't be but a few minutes." He just nodded.

Jessica was true to her word, and stepped back out of the shower just a few minutes later. With a towel wrapped around her hair, she pulled a short robe out of her closet and pulled it on, and then opened her bedroom door. Her brother was standing outside, leaning against the wall, wearing nothing but a towel around his middle. "Are those two still in there?" she asked. Before he could answer, a bout of giggling came through the closed door. Jessica just shook her head in amusement. "Well, come on in. God only knows how long those two will be."

"Long!" Her brother pushed himself away from the wall and went into his sister's master bedroom. While he and his family had often visited his sister and her family, he had never actually been in the master bedroom before. Now he glanced around. Several pictures of Andrew Sr. and the boys, some taken as infants, were on the walls. A cherry dresser and night stand and bureau set. A television down at the foot of the bed. Not really a whole lot different than his own bedroom. Jessica pointed him towards the bathroom, and he went inside, closing the door behind him.

The bathroom was also similar to his at home, just laid out differently. Toilet, tub, large shower, double vanity. The décor wasn't overly 'girly' but his wasn't overly masculine, either. He hung his towel on a hook on the door and went into the shower. Here was where it became much more feminine, with a number of razors and soaps and lotions that he remembered from when Rhonda had been alive, but that he had dumped years before. Quickly showering, he rinsed off, stepped out, dried off with the towel, and then wrapped it back around his midsection. He opened the door and stepped out.

Jack wasn't sure what was happening here. He and Jessica had enjoyed an extended session of sixty-nine down by the pond, but neither had really talked about it afterwards; there had only been enough time to get dressed when they heard the kids coming up the path from the lake. His sister didn't seem at all bothered by it, and certainly not traumatized by the incest, and truth be told, neither was Jack. Would Jessica throw him out? Keep him in? Be dressed in a see through nightie with heels on?

No, when he came back into the bedroom, Jessica still had on her short satin robe, although she had finished drying her hair, and the towel was lying on the floor near the door. The bedroom door was closed, though, and most of the lights were off, except for a single lamp on the nightstand. He came out of the bath and stood there, eyeing the closed door and looking at her curiously.

Jessica solved his curiosity. Stepping closer, she lightly kissed him on the lips, then stepped back. First she shrugged out of her robe, and then she tugged his towel loose, to toss it over with hers. "I'm tired, Jack. Let's go to bed." She pushed him towards her bed, then went around the other side and climbed in alongside him. When he moved to turn off the light, she chuckled and said "I'm tired, Jack, but not that tired. Leave the light on."

"So, did you... ?" asked Andrew quietly, glancing at the twins scampering up the stairs, then turning back to his brother.

Toby nodded. "Yeah. You?"

Andrew grinned and nodded in turn. "And tonight?"

"Let's play it by ear, but with Mom and Uncle Jack upstairs, the four of us can have a little party down here, you know."

"You think Mom and Uncle Jack... ?"

Toby shrugged. "I don't know, but if not, why was Mom getting dressed when we got back from the pond, and why wasn't she wearing her swimsuit?" Andrew shrugged as well. "Listen, once the daring duo get back, you shag your ass upstairs and shower quick and then it's my turn."

"The dress code is... ?" Normal evening attire when it was just the boys and their mother was briefs or boxers — or nothing. Jessica wouldn't wear much more.

"Throw on a tee shirt and some sweats. We don't want to frighten them, but I don't think they'll be on us too long anyway."

"Just don't start anything without me." replied Andrew.

They had to wait almost another half hour before the twins came down. They could hear them giggling at the top of the steps, then they called out "Don't peek!" Both boys covered their eyes, but looked through their fingers anyway. They didn't catch any thrills, however, both girls were wrapped in several towels. They ran into the den and closed the door behind them.

Andrew glanced at his brother curiously, but Toby simply pushed him in the direction of the stairs. He quickly went up and into his room, grabbing some clean clothes, and then hurried across the hall into the bath. He was back down the stairs inside of ten minutes. The twins were still locked in their makeshift bedroom.

It was Toby's turn, but after he got upstairs, he crept slowly down the hallway to his mother's room. Her door was closed, but a faint light shone under the door. He tried to hear anything through the door, but it just seemed like an awful lot of sheets rustling, along with some heavy breathing. He crept away, then went into his old bedroom for some sweats. The door had been open and Uncle Jack was not in residence. Toby cleaned up, then went back to listen at his mother's bedroom door again. This time her voice could be heard clearly over the squeaking sound of her bed. "Fuck me, Jack, fuck me!" she demanded. Grinning, he went back downstairs himself.

The door to the den was still closed, but he could hear the girls giggling behind it. Andrew was sitting on the couch, waiting for him. "They come out yet?" asked Toby.

"Nope, just giggling like girls." responded his brother.

Toby rapped on the door to the den, a smirk on his face. "I'll get them out." He turned back to the den. "Hey girls, want some ice cream?"

As if by magic, the door flew open and the two girls stepped out, practically falling all over each other. Both were wearing matching cotton babydoll nightgowns and ruffled panties, and they had obviously spent some time doing their hair into pigtails. "Ice cream?" asked one.

Toby simply smirked at his brother. "Follow me!" The four teens moved the party to the kitchen.

Andrew pulled a couple of cartons of ice cream out of the freezer while Toby pulled out silverware and scoops. "We have vanilla and we have mint chocolate chip, Mom's favorite, plus chocolate and caramel syrups." Andrew pulled them out of the refrigerator.

"I'll take the mint chocolate chip." said one of the girls.

"Which one are you?" asked Andrew.

The girls giggled and looked at each other, and the teen answered, Lizzie. They both giggled some more.

"Sure you are!" commented Toby. "I say, once we know for sure, we mark you with a magic marker."

The twins giggled some more. Lizzie spoke up "Mom and Dad used to do that, too, but we always knew where they kept the nail polish remover."

"Nail polish remover?!"

Andrew answered "It's a solvent. It'll take off the marker."

"Huh! Maybe we should have your names tattooed on your asses!" Both girls giggled some more at this.

Megan asked "What about your Mom? Should we call her down for ice cream?"

Toby paused in his serving. "Let's just say that our mother and your father are dining somewhere else this evening."

The twins looked at him curiously, and Andrew commented "Jack is dining at the Y tonight?" Toby nodded.

It took the girls a minute to understand, then both sets of eyes widened. "You mean... ?"

"Oh my God!"

"That's gross!"

Both boys laughed at this. Toby squirted some chocolate syrup on his vanilla ice cream, and then said "Well, it's not an ice cream sundae, but it's a mighty fine treat nevertheless, and you don't get brain freeze." Andrew snorted as he laughed.

"You mean ... Daddy and Aunt Jessica ... they're... ?" asked a shocked Megan.

Toby put away the ice cream and sat down at the kitchen table with the others. "They're, what? Are they actually engaging in acts of oral sex? I don't know. I didn't stick my head in the door to see. I can say, that by the sounds I heard in the hallway, they are actively engaging in some form of sexual intercourse, although the specifics were not apparent."

"But they're brother and sister!" she replied.

"And we're cousins."

The two girls looked at each other with a guilty expression, making each buy suspect that Megan and Lizzie were actually playing mix-up with them. "But that's different." commented Lizzie.

"Is it?" asked Andrew. "Did you enjoy this afternoon?" Lizzie blushed and nodded, and Andrew repeated the question to her sister, who also blushed and nodded. "Well, they enjoyed the afternoon, too. What do you think they were up to that kept them from coming down to the pond after us?"

"Really?"

"Hey, what do I know? I just know that when Mom left the pond she was wearing a swimsuit, and when we got back from the pond, she wasn't. This isn't rocket science, babe." Toby laughed and nodded agreement.

The girls ate some ice cream quietly, then Megan looked down and quietly asked "Uh, what you said earlier, do guys actually do that?"

Toby chuckled. "What, eat at the Y? All the time! Fine dining!"

Megan turned beet red, her face still down turned towards her bowl, but she glanced over at her sister. She was making eye movements towards Lizzie, and her twin suddenly exclaimed "What!? No way! You ask them!" Suddenly Lizzie glanced up at her grinning cousins, and it was her turn to go red. "Shit! I can't believe I said that!"

The boys continued to laugh as the girls bolted through their ice cream, but before they could scamper away, Toby reached out and took Megan's hand. It might have been Lizzie's, because neither boy was sure who was who, but it didn't matter to him. Share and share alike was an excellent motto. "Would you like to find out?" he asked.

Megan blushed, but she nodded and quietly admitted "Yes."

"You'll love it!" exclaimed Lizzie. Suddenly she looked at Andrew and shut her mouth. Suddenly both boys knew that they were with their original partners, and the twins hadn't switched.

"You mean, you two..." asked Megan. Andrew just grinned and Lizzie turned her head away.

"Okay." Toby said. "Don't look so nervous. I've never had a girl die from it yet, though more than a few have passed out from excessive orgasms. Do you want to do it here on the kitchen table, or would the living room couch be more comfortable?"

Lizzie giggled at that, so Andrew piped up. "What are you laughing about? This is a two for one deal. If she goes, so do you!" Lizzie's eyes opened and her mouth snapped shut, but Megan started giggling.

"Come on, let's go in the living room." said Toby. He set all the bowls in the kitchen sink, then took Megan's hand and led her out. Lizzie and Andrew followed.

Once in the living room, Toby had the two girls stand next to each other in front of the couch, and then he and his brother picked up the coffee table and set it to the side. The twins suddenly looked very nervous, not sure what was about to happen. "Have a seat, ladies." said Toby. They looked at each other, and sat down next to each other on the couch. Toby smiled at his brother, then turned his head back to Megan. "Now, lift up a bit so I can pull down your panties."

"What?" she squawked.

"Well, how do you expect me to eat when my meal is all wrapped up?" he asked.

"Here? Together?" asked Lizzie.

"Well, it's not like I haven't seen you undressed before."

"Well, okay."

"Okay." replied Andrew agreeably. "So, you ease up and I'll help." He knelt down in front of her and reached out to begin tugging down the sides of her panties. His twin lifted her hips and he pulled her ruffled panties down her legs and tossed them aside. He moved closer and pushed her legs apart effortlessly.

At his side, Toby and his twin repeated the maneuver. Now both girls were sitting on the couch, pantyless, their legs spread, wearing nothing but small babydoll tops. Both girls had small landing strips. Both were also showing signs of excitement, moistening and becoming puffier. The boys had the girls move forward, so they were on the edge of the couch, then they leaned back. Toby and Andrew stripped off their tee shirts. "Do we go for first orgasm? Most orgasms?" asked the older boy.

"Quality over quantity! The guy who can make the girl scream loudest and longest wins!" replied Andrew.

"What?" asked the girls nervously.

"Don't worry!" they replied.

"Oh, Jack, that was wonderful!" sighed Jessica. She was still on her back, her legs spread wide, with her arms around her brother, who was laying on top of her. His softening cock was still inside her come filled cunt, and he was laying lifeless, breathing heavily, with his face buried in the hollow between her neck and left shoulder. Jessica was rubbing her hands up and down his back, at times reaching up to caress his neck and at other times reaching lower, running over his buttocks and back up to his waist. "It was so good!"

Jack raised his head up, supporting himself weakly on his forearms. "Yeah, that was pretty amazing." he agreed. He grinned down at her, and then rolled off to the side. Rolling onto his back, he kept an arm around his sister, and she rolled onto her side and threw a leg over his. Laying her head on his chest, she smiled and snuggled against him.

Jack couldn't believe the day's events. While he had always realized his baby sister was a looker, as his sister she had always been off limits, and he had never really had a desire to challenge those limits. Now he had spent the afternoon eating her pussy and she had sucked him off several times, and he had just fucked the hell out of her pussy. It had been wonderfully tight and juicy, and his best load in years had just been deposited deep inside it. The most amazing thing was that it felt so natural and right. He wasn't even worried about explaining anything to his daughters, and he just knew that they were downstairs at that very moment having sex with Jessica's sons.

Looking down his chest, he found his sister looking back up at him, smiling. "What?" he asked.

Jessica grinned. "Well, I was just thinking how right Rhonda was."

"Rhonda?" Jack couldn't imagine what would cause Jessica to bring up his late wife's memory.

Jessica giggled. Reaching down to fondle his sticky and soft cock, she continued "She told me you had a nice big cock and how you fucked her so good!"

"What!?" he protested in disbelief.

Jessica laughed. "It's true, she did."

"You're kidding me!"

"Nope. We talked about everything. Come on, Jack, we were friends from kindergarten. We talked about everything, and I do mean everything!"

"Give me a break!"

"It's true. She told me, for instance, how you popped her cherry up at Carlson's Point."

"So? Half the girls in school gave it up in the back seat of a car at Carlson's Point." he argued.

"Who said anything about a back seat? I seem to recall hearing about a red quilt and a moonlit night."

Jack started at that. By the time he had started dating Rhonda, he was in college and had already lost his own cherry, curiously enough in the back seat of a car at Carlson's Point. When he decided to seduce Rhonda, he wanted something a bit more romantic, so he had driven her up there and they had hiked down to a small glen. Rather than a hurried and nervous — and uncomfortable — experience, Rhonda's first time had been slow and tender and enjoyable. "Uhhh..."

"She also told me how you liked it when she stuck a finger up your asshole when she sucked you off. How do you think I knew about that this afternoon?" Jack stared at the ceiling at that, embarrassed by the revelation. "She also told me how you still liked to take her parking, and how you would make her take her panties off during the drive, and how you would assfuck her while parking. Hmmm?"

Jack blushed furiously at this, causing his sister to laugh. "Oh, don't be silly, everybody does it! After Rhonda told me, Andrew and I started doing it, too."

"Did you tell Rhonda things that you enjoyed?" he asked.

"Of course, but I think I'm going to make you find those things out on your own." Jessica fondled him to stiffness. "She also told me how you liked it when she was on top and doing all the work." She sat up and swung a leg over his midsection, to sink down on his cock. "Was she right?"

Jack grinned up at his sister as she began moving atop him. He had always enjoyed watching Rhonda's tits jiggling above him and Jessica's were even larger. "Absolutely!"

"Okay, let's try something different." commented Toby.

Lizzie started crying. "I'm sorry, I didn't mean to hurt you. We've never done that before!"

"Hey, it's okay, don't worry about it."

Toby's words weren't soothing enough, because Megan began crying like her sister. Both girls were kneeling on the floor in front of their cousins naked, having stripped completely.

The evening had started out on a fairly positive note. Andrew and Toby had knelt down between the two girls' legs and eaten them to a hard climax, then had switched girls and repeated the process. When they had suggested reversing places, with the girls kneeling in front of them, sucking them off, that was when things began to go awry.

First, despite their bravado and rapid agreement, once the two brothers were naked and sitting on the couch, Megan and Lizzie began looking at each other nervously. Neither had ever actually given a blowjob, although technique was a very popular topic among their girlfriends back home. Regardless, both decided they had to go through with it. Their efforts were not stellar. First they were too tentative, barely getting cockheads inside their lips, then they became too aggressive, jamming their heads down to try deep throat. All that accomplished was gagging and scraping their teeth on their partners. Then Lizzie remembered her friend Sarah Morgan saying that her boyfriend liked to have his balls squeezed, a move that levitated Toby off the couch with alacrity.

"It's all right." repeated Andrew. It wasn't, but he figured the bite marks on his cock would fade eventually. He bent at the waist and took Lizzie's hands and pulled her towards him. She climbed into his lap and snuggled against him, to cry some more. Andrew looked over at his brother and rolled his eyes. "Hand me the tissues."

Toby handed his brother the box of tissues they kept on the end table, and then sat back down. He pulled Megan off the floor and sat her on his lap. Together they dried the girls' tears and cuddled with them. "You just surprised me, is all." he told Lizzie. "I wasn't expecting that."

"Really?"

Toby grinned. "Well, no, but I don't think there's any lasting damage."

"Same here." commented his brother.

"I'm sorry, we're sorry." said Megan. "It's just so new."

"Okay, then let's do something else. You both enjoy fucking, right?" asked Toby.

Both girls' faces lit up at this. "Yeah!" agreed Megan.

"Okay, so Andrew and I will screw you for the rest of the night, until we die from exhaustion, and then you two can get lessons in blowjobs from someone else, someone who knows more about giving one."

"Yeah, we know about getting them, but not about giving them!" laughed Andrew.

Both twins giggled. "Who?"

Andrew looked over at his brother and shrugged. "Who?"

Toby shrugged and said "Mom?" Andrew shrugged a final time and nodded his head.

Lizzie and Megan gasped at that. "Your mother!?"

"Mom really gives a great hummer." admitted Toby. "I bet she can teach you all about it." Andrew nodded agreement.

Lizzie and Megan stared at each other in disbelief. The day's events were unbelievable to them. First they had popped their cherries with their cousins, then their father was screwing their aunt upstairs, and now their cousins had just implied that their aunt sucked their cocks! What was next, fucking their father?

Andrew shifted around, dislodging the girl on his lap. "Let's try something new. Kneel down on the floor and lean over the couch." Lizzie looked at him curiously.

"What an excellent idea!" commented Toby. He lifted Megan off his lap and set her on the couch. "You, too!"

The two boys knelt on the floor and chivvied the girls into position. By now, their cocks had mended enough that they were stiff and pointing outwards. Andrew knelt behind Megan while Toby settled in behind Lizzie. After a few moments of moving their knees apart, they reached between the twins' thighs and began probing and touching them. They twins whimpered as their bodies responded. It was Toby who entered his partner first, pushing in slowly but fully, as Lizzie moaned. Megan's head whipped over as her sister came, but then she felt Andrew's cock enter her, and it was her turn to gasp and orgasm.

"You know, this would be a great place for a tattoo." commented Andrew, touching the base of Lizzie's spine.

"We could get their names inked on, so a guy could keep them straight." agreed his brother.

"Fuck you!" answered Megan.

"No, fuck us!" replied Lizzie.

The two boys began slowly pushing back and forth. "Magic markers, tomorrow!" whispered Toby.
Chapter 12
Home - Top   Feedback to author


Home « rlfj's Page « Influence of the House of Incest Index « Previous - Settings
Chapter 12
Posted: January 30, 2009 - 01:10:35 pm
Updated: November 13, 2009 - 01:21:38 pm

"So, where are you two off to?" asked Jessica. She knew her sons were going to see their girlfriends. While she would have preferred that they stay with their cousins, she also knew that she couldn't force them to beak off their commitments, or drag the girls everywhere with them.

"We're double dating. I'm taking April to the movies and he's taking Tracy." Toby pointed his thumb over his shoulder at his brother.

"What movie?" asked Megan excitedly.

"Can we go?" asked Lizzie.

"Uh..." Toby didn't want to come right out and say NO, but he couldn't come up with a polite response.

They were rescued by the twins' father. "Girls, they're going out on dates with their girlfriends." Both young blondes pouted at that. "Maybe the four of you could go out tomorrow night."

Both Toby and Andrew looked at the others curiously, as the girls' eyes brightened at the thought. They especially notice the look their mother was giving them, known to the two of them as The Look, which indicated that an argument was not desired. "We could do that." agreed Andrew.

The twins squealed with excitement. "Like a real date?" asked Lizzie.

"Sure. Just like a real date." replied Toby.

Jessica rolled her eyes at that, knowing exactly how the boys' dates usually ended up, with the girls on their backs and their legs spread wide. The boys would usually tell her all about it, and then demonstrate on her. Andrew smiled and said "We'll tell you all about it tonight when we get back." Toby smiled and stifled a laugh, and the two teens went out.

"The boys have girlfriends?" asked Jack.

Jessica smiled at this. "Sort of. Andrew has a girlfriend. Toby has the cheerleading squad."

Jack grinned. Lowering his voice, he said "Give me an F! Give me a U!..."

"Precisely. Are those two cheerleaders?" Jessica pointed at her nieces. The two were just the sort of pretty and bubbly blondes cheerleading squads wanted.

Jack rolled his eyes. "J-V."

"And do you have the local version of my boys coming around yet."

"Oh, yeah. Until this week I would have bet they weren't getting anywhere, but I just don't know any more."

"I'll talk to them this week." she replied. "Of course, it would be a great way to get chores done."

"Huh?"

Jessica laughed. "Daddy used to get my boyfriends to mow the lawn and weed the garden. He'd tell the boys it was a great way to stay in the good graces of their girlfriend's father."

Jack's head went back and he laughed loudly. "That must have been after I went off to college. I can believe it. What a bastard he was." he said admiringly. Their father had died almost ten years ago, but their mother was still alive.

"Momma used to joke with me that Daddy had sold my virtue for the sake of a clean lawn. I would tell her that he hadn't sold it, just rented it out for a while." Jack groaned at the thought.

Brother and sister sat in the living room swapping stories until Jessica heard a louder than average squeal from one of her nieces. Focusing on the girls, she overheard one of them gush about "A real date!" while the other replied "What should we wear?"

Jessica rolled her eyes. "Hey, girls, let's go into the kitchen and make some popcorn." She stood up and the girls looked at her curiously. "Time for some girl talk." She looked at her brother. "Go play in traffic." she said, which got a guffaw from him. That had been one of the favorite sayings of their father when he wanted some time alone. She headed off to the kitchen and the twins climbed to their feet and followed after her.

"Do you want Movie Time Butter, Spicy Nacho, or Cheesy Extra?" asked Jessica, holding up a small carton of microwave popcorn bags.

"Butter." said Lizzie. "What's with all the different types?"

"The Cub Scouts were selling popcorn and I bought the combo pack. Toby likes the spicy and cheesy ones occasionally. I'll throw this in if you guys pour some sodas." She tossed the bag in the microwave oven and pushed the button, and then sat down at the kitchen table. "Have you two ever actually been on a date?"

Megan looked at her sister, and then back to her aunt. "Uh, no." Lizzie shook her head as well.

Jessica nodded. "I didn't think so. Have any of the boys back home asked?"

Both girls giggled at this. "Yeah, but Daddy says not until we're a lot older." said Lizzie.

Megan finished "He says when we are out of college." and giggled.

Jessica grinned at that. "I suspect he'll probably reconsider that at some point. Listen, there are two types of dates, formal and informal, so you should dress appropriately."

"What's formal?"

"Formal would be like a school dance or a party or a dinner. For that sort of thing you want to get really dressy, and maybe even go out and buy a dress and shoes and such. Informal is more like what the boys are doing tonight and what you'll be doing tomorrow, fast food and a movie and just hanging out. You should dress nice, but don't go crazy. Jeans or a skirt, a top, maybe sneakers, that sort of thing."

"So tomorrow, we shouldn't be wearing a dress?" asked Megan.

Jessica shrugged. "Maybe, maybe not. There's a world of difference between a formal prom dress and a little sundress. Ask your dates how formal something is and what you should wear, then up what they say a little bit, so you look a little classy." The microwave oven dinged and she retrieved the popcorn, along with a large bowl. Steam came out of the bag and she poured it into the bowl. "Yummy!"

"What are Toby's and Andrew's dates wearing tonight?" asked Megan.

Their aunt snorted. "Depends. By the end of the night — very little!"

The twins looked shocked at that. "You mean..." stuttered Lizzie.

"Girls, I am very sure the boys are going to the movies and then down to the food court and then afterwards are going to go parking with their girls. The only question I have is whether the girls left home with underwear on, or will remove it once they get in the car. I am sure they will be wearing skirts, not pants."

"Wow!" The twins looked at each other. They had never really considered some of the implications in dating, such as the possibility of sexual conduct, other than in the abstract. Now, with a real date with real guys who they had already had sex with about to happen, their minds filled with ideas.

"What do we do?" asked Megan.

"Whatever you want to do. If you want to fool around with them, fine. If you don't, it's your business and you don't have to. Just because you are on a date with a guy, doesn't mean that you have to put out for him. No matter what a guy says, it's your body, not his." She drank some soda. "Your reputation, too."

"Huh?"

"What if the guy tells his friends? Don't do anything you'll be ashamed of hearing about at school the next day."

"They do? Like what?" asked Lizzie.

Jessica rolled her eyes. "Lord! Everything! Some guys brag about what girls they've had sex with, or lie about what they've done, or just make shit up. Some don't. You need to know what kind of guy you are dating. Ask around — hell, ask an ex-girlfriend! She'll give you some juicy details!"

The three women continued talking as they munched through the bowl of popcorn, with Jessica passing along some secrets about handling boys and going on dates. The twins agreed that they would wait a little while longer, until they were fifteen, before dating back home, and even then would go out only on double dates for a bit.

"What if we do want to have sex?" asked Megan. "Should we?"

Jessica made a rocking motion with her hand. "Maybe. I can guarantee that for all their talk, boys aren't much more knowledgeable than you two. I'd say to start slow. If you are parking somewhere and making out and he touches you and feels you up, enjoy it. If he wants more, go slow. Start off with a handjob. On the next date give him another, or maybe a blowjob. Full blown screwing is for later on, and only if you want to. Don't go dropping your panties on the first date unless you want the entire school to know you're a slut."

"But what if he tells people, or lies?" asked Lizzie. She and Megan both had worried looks on their faces.

Jessica nodded. "It happens." she said with a shrug. "Some guys are just assholes. Anyway, what you do is not put up with their shit. Call them on it, in public, in front of their friends. Tell them straight out that the two of you are over, that he's a jerk, and that you are telling all your friends about him. Slap him on the face, too, hard! Make him look bad in front of other people."

The twins looked at each other in disbelief, first at their aunt's language and also at her suggestions. They looked back at her. Jessica smiled. "Have you ever had a dog that peed on the carpet? Remember what to do? You rub his face in it, yell at him, and wallop him with a rolled up newspaper. Men are just dogs on two feet."

The girls giggled at this. Megan shyly asked "What about, you know what you said, handjobs and blowjobs? How do you know what to do?"

Lizzie blushed and nodded. "Uh, earlier, we didn't, I mean, we couldn't..." She blushed furiously and stopped talking.

It was their aunt's turn to laugh. "Oh, girls, that is the least of your worries! Guys are easy to control. Just start playing with their dicks and they'll let you know what is happening."

Megan glanced at her sister curiously. It certainly hadn't seemed like that the day before.

Jessica continued "Hell, just ask them! They'll be overjoyed to tell you!"

"Huh?"

Jessica turned her hand into a closed circle and began moving it like she was jerking off a cock. Lowering her voice, she began a throaty whisper. "Oh, baby, it's so big! Tell me what you like. I want it to be so good for you. Am I doing this right? Does it feel good? It's so big and hot and hard. Your cock is so beautiful." She continued on in this vein for several minutes, pumping the imaginary cock while her nieces shrieked in laughter. Finally she stopped and spoke in her normal voice. "Trust me, any guy who doesn't pop his cork while you're doing that is dead!"

Lizzie asked "So, what about blowjobs? You can't talk when your mouth is full!" Both girls giggled at this, and Jessica laughed as well.

"No that's rude. Just start off slow, with a handjob, then ask him if he'd like you to kiss his cock and lick it. Then tell him how good it tastes and how you want to suck him, how he should tell you what to do. It gives guys a feeling of power. They think they're in charge, even though you've got their balls in your hands." The three women all smiled at that.

Megan glanced at the doorway to the rest of the house. "Uh, could we watch you give Dad a blowjob?" she asked nervously.

Jessica's eyes opened in surprise, and Lizzie nodded vigorously. "We really need to know!"

"Uh..."

"Please?!" The girls begged briefly and Jessica agreed.

"Okay. Last minute things to consider about blowjobs. One - no teeth, ever. It can ruin the mood real damn quick! Two - be real careful with a guy's balls. Some guys like you to touch them and play with them. Some don't! Ask! Three - go topless."

"Huh!" Both Lizzie and her sister squawked and dropped their jaws.

Jessica grinned. "Hey, if you do it right and he comes, it might just squirt all over. You might not want to get it on your clothing. Besides, he sees your tits, it will just get him all that much more excited."

The twins looked at each other and smiled, nodding. "Yeah!" agreed Megan.

"So, can we watch you and Daddy?" pressed Lizzie.

Jessica stood and started cleaning up the kitchen. "Sure, why not. If you're good, maybe I'll let the two of you have a taste as well."

The girls stared at her, not really believing their aunt, but getting very aroused by the idea. They stood up and helped clean up from popcorn night. As soon as the kitchen was clean, Jessica nodded her head towards the doorway and led the two girls back to the living room.

Jack looked up as his sister and daughters came back into the living room. He was reading a magazine, but eyed them curiously as they approached the couch. Megan plopped down on the couch at his right side, kneeling on the cushions, and pulled the magazine from his fingers. "You won't be needing that, Daddy." she commented.

"Oh, really?" he replied, about to question her. Then his attention was drawn away from her by his sister kneeling at his feet. She reached up and began to undo his belt buckle. "Hey! What in the..."

"Relax, Daddy." commented Lizzie, now kneeling on the couch at his side, opposite from her sister. "You'll like this."

"Yeah, Dad, we're going to give you blowjobs!" added Megan brightly.

"What!?"

"We need to practice, and Aunt Jessica said she would help us out." explained Lizzie.

"Excuse me?!"

By now his belt was undone and Jessica had maneuvered his zipper down. She looked up at her brother and said "Come on, Jack, lift up. You're not helping matters, you know."

He stared down at her. "You're serious? You are going to give the girls blowjob lessons!? With me?!"

"You see anybody else around?" Jessica tugged at his pants. "Lift up!" she ordered.

"This is unreal." he muttered to himself.

His daughters decided to help out by tugging at his waist to lift him up enough so their aunt could finish undressing him. Come on, Daddy, get with the program." said Megan.

"Yeah! First Aunt Jessica is going to suck you off and show us how to do it, then we're going to do it. What's the matter? Don't you like blowjobs?" She gave him a confused look. Didn't all guys like blowjobs? They always seemed to be talking about them!

Jack began to cooperate, almost running on instinct, lifting up enough to allow his sister to tug his pants down, without even thinking about it. "What? Of course I like them!" Jessica snorted in amusement at this, and he looked down at her. "You think this is funny, I bet."

"I think it's hilarious. You haven't seemed to mind my sucking your cock, and Rhonda always told me you liked it when she sucked your cock." Both teens giggled at the thought of their mother blowing their father. "Come on, Daddy, get with the program!" she teased him. She grabbed his briefs and pulled them down as well.

"Jesus Christ!" he muttered.

Despite the surrealism of the situation, Jack found himself sitting naked from the waist down in front of three beautiful women, and his cock stiffened quickly. Both his daughters began to ooh and ahh over it; it was without question an excellent specimen, long, hard, pleasantly curved, thick, and circumcised.

Jessica tugged his pants and briefs completely off and tossed them aside. "Girls, take your father's shirt off. Let's get everything uncovered." The twins quickly stripped off their father's shirt. Next she peeled off her own top. "Girls?" The twins reached down and pulled off their own tops as well. None of the women had worn bras, and Jack was now staring at six perfect breasts. All three women were lovely, and if the twins' tits weren't quite as large as their aunt's, they also had the skin tone and texture which was only found in young women.

"Wow!" he breathed. Both his daughters blushed at the compliment.

Jessica cleared her throat, drawing attention to where she knelt in front of his stiff prick. "Now, girls, let's pay attention. I think it's time for a little lesson you sure never got in Health class." The twins looked at her and she reached up to lightly grasp their father's cockshaft, eliciting a happy moan from him, and she began "Now, this is called the..."

For the next ten minutes Jack sat through the most amazing anatomy lesson, with his cock the center of attention. He hadn't even known what everything was called, or at least not the anatomical name. Throughout it all, Jessica kept up a gentle stroking motion that kept him erect, almost painfully so at times, and the occasional bead of precome was massaged into his shaft lovingly.

At the end of the lesson, Jessica said "And now, I think the time has come to start our homework." She extended the tip of her tongue and caressed his cockhead, sending an involuntary shiver through Jack. "And for you two, remember what we talked about earlier?"

Both girls knitted their brows in concentration, but it was Lizzie who figured out the answer first. Giggling, she snuggled her naked torso against her father's body and ran a finger through his chest hair. "Daddy, does that feel good?" Jessica had begun taking his cock into her mouth, sucking his cockhead slowly, just bobbing her head up and down gently.

"Yes!" he croaked out through suddenly dry lips.

Megan suddenly understood the question and answer. She snuggled against her father on the opposite side, and licked his ear lobe. "Daddy, we want to know all about sucking your cock. We want to know what you like."

"And what you don't like." interjected Lizzie, kissing his neck. "Daddy, we need to know how to make you happy. We want to suck your cock and make you come."

"Do you want us to suck it or lick it?" asked Megan. Her aunt dutifully switched to licking his cockshaft.

"What about your balls, Daddy? Should we touch them? Lick them? Suck them? What will make you come hard?"

"Do you want to come in our mouths or on our faces?"

"What about titfucks, Daddy? Would you like to teach us about them?

The two teens gently whipsawed their father, teasing him back and forth about how he liked having his cock sucked and about how they were going to suck it next. Meanwhile, their aunt was listening in and changing her actions to match their words, licking when they mentioned licking, and sucking when they mentioned sucking. It was like an erotic tag team match.

After fifteen minutes of this torture, Jack was moaning and humping his hips upwards, trying to fuck Jessica's face with his cock. Smirking to herself, Jessica began to firmly jack his cock and concentrated on sucking his cockhead, and was rewarded for her efforts with a mouthful of jism. The girls stared as the spurts traveled the length of his shaft to erupt into her mouth, and they noted how Jessica had to adjust her breathing and move with their father to keep the come from spraying everywhere. Several of their girlfriends had commented that guys would just spray their faces and come would get in their hair and clothing, which was just gross!

Drained, Jack sagged back into the couch, unsure of what was to happen next. He roused from his pleasant torpor when his sister moved back and motioned for the twins to take her place. "You meant it! You are going to have the girls do this next?" he asked incredulously.

"Yes, Daddy!" agreed Megan excitedly.

"We need to know how to do this, Daddy!" commented Lizzie.

Jack cocked an eyebrow at this. "You need to know how to give blowjobs?"

The twins looked at each other nervously as they settled onto the floor in front of their father. Jessica sat on the couch next to her brother and wrapped an arm around his shoulder. "They need to Jack." He looked over at her in confusion. "They already tried with Toby and Andrew and it didn't go all that well. This will really help them out." she explained. "Besides, it will be a useful skill on dates." She smiled as she said this.

Jack rolled his eyes. "You really aren't helping here!" The thought of his daughters using these techniques on their dates was rather disturbing.

"It was no different than when you and Rhonda were dating!" she replied. "Anyway, they're growing up and you can't stop them. They are going to be sucking and fucking their boyfriends no matter what you say."

"But we'll suck and fuck you too, Daddy!" cried Megan.

"Yeah, Daddy, you too!" agreed her sister in a rush.

"What?" he asked in confusion.

Jessica ran her fingers over her brother's body. "Think about it, honey. They get home from their dates and come up to your bedroom and do to you what they did to their boyfriends. Won't that be fun?"

"The mind boggles!" He looked down between his legs. "Okay, you two, go to work."
Chapter 13
Home - Top   Feedback to author


Home « rlfj's Page « Influence of the House of Incest Index « Previous - Settings
Chapter 13
Posted: March 07, 2009 - 03:47:54 pm
Updated: November 13, 2009 - 01:21:38 pm

"So what are you guys up to tonight?" asked Jessica. Her brother and his family were only going to be staying another couple of nights and she was curious about the kids' plans. The four teens had decided to double date that evening.

Toby shrugged. "The usual — movie, Mickey D's, hang out at the mall, go parking. I figure we'll teach the girls about what to do in the back seat."

"You know, just like they're going to be doing back home." commented Andrew loudly. Their uncle was over in the corner listening, and he just groaned at the thought. The twins giggled at his reaction.

"You two are not helping, you know." commented his mother.

Both boys snorted and tried to keep the laughter out of their faces. For all of Jack Miller's complaints about his daughters growing up and starting to date, he had been actively enjoying their newfound sexual skills for the last few days. Their oral talents had improved sufficiently that both boys had complimented them on them, and both girls had been introduced to having his cock stuffed up their pussies as well. The previous night, in fact, the three men had gangbanged the twins while Jessica supervised and played with herself.

"Oh? And what are you two going to do tonight?" Andrew replied.

"Well, we were planning on going down to the malt shop and having a soda together. Two straws, though, because I'm just not that kind of girl! I might let him hold my hand."

"What's a malt shop?" asked Toby.

Jessica just waved her hand at her eldest. "Forget it! We're going to go out for dinner and drinks, nothing unusual."

Toby shrugged and led the twins towards the foyer, but Andrew held back a moment. Lowering his voice, he asked "Planning on dressing like you used to on date nights?"

Jessica's eyes snapped open. Her youngest son had remembered how she had told the boys about how she had dressed for date nights with their father, varying from sexy to slutty. "Exactly!" she answered. Andrew glanced over at Uncle Jack and smiled, and then nodded. He followed the others out the door.

Jessica called out to Andrew before he could leave. "Oh, honey, what are you going to do if your regular girlfriends find out about this?" she asked.

Andrew stopped in the doorway and turned to face her. "Piece of cake. I already told Tracy. If anybody asks, we're just a couple of guys who got stuck babysitting their cousins." He waggled his eyebrows at her. "And it's true!"

"I don't think that's the kind of babysitting Tracy is counting on!" She shooed the teens out the door.

"And now it's just you and me?" asked Jack, climbing from his chair and walking across the room.

"Yep. I need a shower before we go out."

"Want help washing your back."

"That kind of help won't help! I'll be back down here in an hour. Be ready then."

Jack rolled his eyes. "An hour?!" How in the world anybody took an hour to shower and dress was beyond him?

"An hour! Of course, I could always throw on an old sweatsuit and sneakers if you're in a hurry." Jessica headed up the stairs, sure what the answer would be to that idea.

It was actually fifty-five minutes later that Jessica reappeared in the living room. Jack had taken a quick shower himself and slipped into chinos, a dress shirt, sport coat, and loafers. Otherwise he was going commando. He whistled as his sister came down the stairs. "I bet you didn't go out on dates dressed like that in high school."

"You'd bet wrong, then! Daddy didn't like it much, but Andrew sure did."

"And what about Mom?"

"Mom didn't care. She once told me she'd go upstairs and dress up like I did, and then work Daddy over in the living room." explained Jessica.

"No wonder he had a heart attack! Did he die in the saddle, do you know?" asked Jack.

"I never asked her. It didn't seem the question to ask, you know!" Jessica turned slowly around in the living room. "You approve?"

Jack eyed his sister. Both his late wife and his sister had similar builds, being relatively busty, with hourglass figures, but Rhonda had been quite a bit shorter, and had a somewhat larger rear. He had often considered her plush, and built for comfort and easy riding, a Cadillac. Jessica had been taller and leggier, and generally more muscular, a sportier ride, maybe like a Corvette.

Tonight's outfit was another proof of this theory. When he and Rhonda had gone out, she had often worn dresses, often frilly and light, with stockings and heels, something that would flutter and waft around her enticingly. Jessica, instead, was wearing black ankle strapped stilettos, a tight black mid thigh length leather skirt with several zippers up the sides, and a skin tight black tank top, cut low front and back, without a bra.

"I approve!" he agreed. "So, are we going to hang out at the mall with our buddies, too?"

"For that I wear the sweats. Dinner and drinks, please." Jessica pulled a black leather jacket from the foyer closet.

Jack joined her and opened the front door. A sports car, definitely!

Jessica gave directions as they drove through town. Jack was comfortable enough finding his way around, but was surprised when she had him pull into a parking lot behind a rather nondescript building. He was on the verge of asking where they were when he noticed the sign on the side of the building - Adult World Emporium. "What in the world?"

Jessica popped the door. "Come on. We need to go shopping!"

"Uh, okay." He got out and followed her, glancing around curiously.

"Haven't you ever been in an adult store?" she asked. "You must have! I know for a fact that Rhonda had some toys she liked to play with."

Jack blushed at the memory. "We got those online."

"Well, come on, it'll be educational. Jack and I used to come here every once in a while."

Jack rolled his eyes and followed his sister through the door. Inside he found a well lighted room about the size of an average convenience store. He eyed Jessica curiously; she seemed to know her way around the store, and it was a revelation to him about his baby sister. Jessica stood inside the doorway for a few moments, then moved off to the right side of the store. Jack followed her.

She stopped in front of a wall of vibrators. Jack was amazed! He was standing in front of a wall of vibrators, six foot high and twelve feet long at a minimum, in plastic and cardboard blister packs, in every conceivable size, color, and shape. There were dozens and dozens of sex toys on display, and as he looked around, he saw another row of displayed sex toys almost as large as the one he was in front of. "Good God!"

Grinning, Jessica picked up a gigantic 12" jumbo model and waved it at her brother. "The only difference between men and boys is the size of their toys!"

"That thing is scary!" She smirked at him and he asked "No, don't tell me, you haven't... ?"

Her laugh was bright. "No, I'm not that brave!" She hung it back up on the wall. "We need to buy a few toys for the girls."

He gave her a confused look. "The girls? Lizzie and Megan?" Jessica nodded. Jack's eyes snapped open. "What?!"

"Keep your voice down, Jack." Jessica glanced around the small store but the clerk, the only other person present, hadn't noticed.

Jack took his sister by the upper arm and pulled her close. "You want to buy my teenage daughters dildos? Are you mad?"

Jessica smiled and peeled her brother's fingers off. "Jack, be reasonable. You know the twins aren't virgins. You know they enjoy sex. Everybody enjoys sex. Now, don't you want your daughters to enjoy themselves?"

Jack groaned. "They're my daughters for Christ's sake!"

She laughed. "Who fuck like bunnies, just like their mother, and she liked her toys, too!" She turned back to the display and pointed at the giant monster from before. "Now, while that thing might be too much for them, I'm sure there's something here a little more their speed. What sort of toys did Rhonda like?"

Jack blushed. "You're serious?" He looked around nervously and Jessica giggled and nodded. "Okay, she had several. Most were really kind of average, you know, about six or seven inches long."

Jessica looked around the racks and moved a few feet further along, to a large display of average sized models. "Like these?"

He shrugged. "Pretty much." As he started to get into the spirit of things, he pointed out several models. "I mean, she had one that was smooth, another that was ribbed, a hard plastic type and a latex one. You know, the usual."

Jessica nodded in understanding. "Okay, life is complicated enough. Let's just get each girl a couple of basic models." She pulled a smooth six incher off the rack; it was bright pink, and she pulled a matching green model off the rack to the side. Then she moved a bit further and pulled another matching pair of ribbed latex models off the rack. The vibrators were all handed to Jack, who juggled them briefly before getting them under control. Then with a naughty grin, she moved down the aisle and pulled a large double ended dildo off the wall. "I'll bet Rhonda didn't have one of these!"

"You're kidding me, right?"

"Nope!" She handed it to him. "Listen, the girls have already told me they sometimes play together." She snorted at his expression. "Oh, don't look so amazed. Lots of girls experiment. Your daughters have kissed and touched a little already. So did Rhonda and me."

Jack's jaw dropped. "You and Rhonda! Oh my God!"

"You didn't know? That's so funny! She never told you? We were inseparable in high school!"

"I had no idea!" He gave her a curious look. "So what sort of things, uh, did you two do?"

"Wouldn't you like to know! You'll just have to watch the girls going at it some night."

"Jesus!" Jack shook his head in disbelief. Then, as they moved down the aisle, he spied something on an upper rack. Stopping, he handed some of the toys to his sister and reached up. He pulled a box off the rack and showed it to her.

"I think that's a little advanced for them."

"I wasn't thinking about them."

It was Jessica's turn to blush. "Oh. Okay." She moved down the aisle further. "See anything else, for later?"

Jack smiled. "This should do us, don't you think? What's the clerk going to think when we show up with all this shit?"

"Hell, he's probably seen worse. If he asks, just tell him we're having a party."

Jessica's prediction was almost exactly true. The only thing the clerk said was when he asked if they had batteries. They had to examine each package closely to see if batteries came with the toys, and if not, what types were needed. Again, Jack was startled by how much the store reminded him of a convenience store, only where the candy was kept near the counter, it was personal lubricant in a dozen different types and flavors. He added a small tube to the pile of items, causing Jessica to blush a second time, and which the store clerk totally ignored. He simply bagged everything and took Jack's credit card without a comment.

Jack held the door open for his sister and led the way to the car, then opened the passenger's side door for her. After she got in, he closed the door and opened the rear door. He tossed in the bag with the toys, but only after surreptitiously slipping the tube of lube into a jacket pocket, along with the box containing the last toy they had bought. He closed the car and went around, getting behind the wheel. "Now can we go to dinner?" he asked.

Jessica smiled. "Now we can go to dinner. Get on the highway and head east. There are a few places over in Byford we can go to."

Jack shrugged pleasantly as he started the car. Byford was about twenty miles to the east by the interstate, and despite the higher speeds on the highway, it still took twenty minutes by the time they got through the traffic lights on the way to and from the highway. Jack followed his sister's directions and they pulled into a large mall. "We're going in here?" he asked. Jessica's outfit of miniskirt, tank top, and stilettos was a bit extreme for going through a shopping mall.

She smiled at him. "Not precisely. The restaurant has a side door, over there." She pointed and he followed her fingertip to a side entrance. "The place stays open surprisingly late. Come on, you'll like it."

Jack parked the car and they got out. He held her hand as they made their way across the parking lot. As he suspected, more than a few heads turned as Jessica moved. Most eyes, certainly the male ones, were approving, but a number thought her clothing inappropriate. Once inside the restaurant, all the eyes were very approving.

It took a minute for Jack's eyes to acclimate to the lowered light level in the place. It was a little loud, a little dark, and a little warm. Jessica was giving their name to a pretty young girl in very tight clothes at a standup desk near the entrance, and then turned back to him. "It'll be at least half an hour till a table opens up."

"Can we wait in the bar?" he asked, raising his voice over the hubbub.

"Sure, we'll call your name when we're ready." replied the maitre'd. She pointed the way and Jack followed Jessica deeper into the restaurant.

They quickly found a very large bar, with a single barstool, so Jack laid claim to it and lifted his sister onto the stool. He stood next to her and waited for the bartender to come over. "It's not what I expected." There was some loud rock music in the background, but he couldn't find a stage or dance floor. "Do they dance here?"

"It's a bar and restaurant, Jack, not a club. I thought we were just going out for dinner and drinks?"

He nodded. "No, no, that's fine. I'm just asking, is all."

She grinned at him. "I didn't wear my crazy club outfit, Jack."

He looked at her curiously. Her clothing fit in well with the other women in the bar, most of whom wore short skirts, high heels, and tight tops. "Which is what?" he asked.

"Not very much! Andrew bought it for me a couple of years ago, and I need to be half lit up just to leave the house wearing it! Maybe you and I can get away sometime and I can wear it out."

"Oh?"

"Yeah! It's illegal in 47 states and the District of Columbia!" she teased.

"Speaking of which, open your purse."

"What?!"

"Your purse, open it up." He motioned for her to bring her purse up and open it. She had draped it on the back of the barstool and she had to twist around to grab it and pull it onto her lap.

"What are you up to?"

Jack glanced around, then quickly pulled the package from his jacket and stuffed it into her purse. "Why don't you try that on for size while we're waiting?"

"Jack!" Jessica glanced down at the small box he had placed in her purse and flushed, quickly closing the purse up before anybody else saw what he had done. "No!"

He sipped his drink. "Go on, do it!"

"I can't!"

The pair argued lightly for another minute before Jessica gave in. She stood up, allowing Jack to slide onto the barstool, and told him to order her another drink, then headed towards the restrooms. Inside, she quickly went into the first stall available and closed the door, latching it securely. It was crazy! It was insane! She hiked up her skirt and pulled down her thong, and sat down on the toilet to urinate, but then she opened her purse and stared at what her brother had bought her in the adult store. It was a remote control vibrating egg.

It took her a minute to open the packaging up and figure it out, and then she had to insert batteries, both into the egg and into the remote control unit. A quick test proved it worked, shocking and scaring her with the results, and then she turned it off. Blushing furiously, she dried her pussy off and spread her legs wide, then inserted the egg. She nervously pushed it in, wondering what would happen if she dropped it into the toilet, but she managed to complete the maneuver, and then pulled her thong back into place. Standing, she adjusted her clothing and gave the flicked the switch on the remote briefly. Power surged through her pussy, making her gasp, and she turned it off and dropped it into her purse.

Jessica left the stall and made some final adjustments in front of the mirror and then left the bath room. If anybody noticed the flush on her cheeks, they marked it up to the heat in the room and drinking.

Jack was waiting for her at the bar, a smirk on his face, sipping his drink. A new drink was waiting for her, and she almost gulped it down when she came up to him. He graciously got up from the stool and she slid into his place. "Well?"

"Well, what?" she replied, not looking him in the eye.

He glanced down at her lap. "Is it, you know..."

Blushing beet red, she averted her face. "Jack!" she whined in protest.

"Well?" he pushed.

She looked at him and hissed "You know it is, you bastard!"

He chuckled and said "Cool. Let me have the control!"

Her eyes snapped open. "No way!"

"That's not fair." he protested. He moved his hands towards her purse.

Jessica settled the purse in her lap and held onto it with a death grip. "Not a fucking chance, mister!"

Jack laughed and relented. He sipped his drink and asked "So, does it work?"

Jessica slyly smiled and nodded. "Yes."

"So let me try it out on you."

She shook her head. "Maybe later, if you're a good boy."

"Are you sure you want me to be a good boy?"

"At least through dinner."

Their names were called a few minutes later and the siblings moved into the dining room. Jessica was surprised by how easily the egg stayed in place and wondered if it would be possible to leave it in without panties or a thong as insurance. She decided to try that some other night. Once seated, they ordered another round and then, after the waiter had left, she leaned over the table to her brother and asked quietly "So, how did you and Rhonda get started with toys?"

"Huh?" Jack was surprised by the question, and his face showed it.

"Well, when did you start with them?"

"You first!"

Jessica shrugged. "That's easy. I got one as a gag gift at my wedding shower. Later on I showed it to Andrew. I thought he would get a laugh out of it, and he did, but then he used it on me that night. I had always thought that guys didn't like them, they were intimidated or something, but not Andrew. After that, he would buy me toys for birthdays or anniversaries or such. Now, what about you two?!"

Jack gave his sister a sheepish look. "Well, actually it was her idea, sort of."

"Sort of?"

"Well, one night when the girls were young, we were all out having dinner and I started teasing her and she started teasing back. I mean lots of double entendres and smart ass comments and stuff, stuff that was way over the girl's heads. Anyway, one of the running jokes of the night was about this wine bottle with a long neck, and how she might have to settle for it if I had to take care of the girls. You know, lots of lip licking and stroking the bottle and kid stuff like that. Son anyway, we get the kids back home and I get assigned to putting them to bed, and Rhonda goes and opens another bottle of wine, saying she'll just have to make do. She was really lit up by then and I just kept egging her on. By the time the second bottle is empty, she is looped and getting really raunchy. She pulled her skirt up and took off her panties and began to use the bottle, well, you know, right out in the living room."

"That sounds like Rhonda. She couldn't ever drink for shit." agreed Jessica.

Jack nodded agreement. "No kidding. Anyway, she got really raunchy, you know, and she just about raped me there in the living room." He was keeping his voice low, since the conversation would definitely raise eyebrows.

"I'll bet she had a sore head the next morning."

"In spades, but a couple of nights later, she asked me if I had enjoyed the show and if we could get something designed for the task, so to speak."

Jessica commented "So you got on the Internet. So who did the shopping, you or her?"

Jack smirked a little. "Both of us." At his sister's curious look, he continued "We sort of made it into foreplay. Rhonda couldn't believe all the stuff on the web, not just adult stores, but lingerie, porn sites, movies, all that stuff. She had me put a lock on the den door, and usually at least once a week we would get on the computer together. She would wait until the girls were in bed, and then she would tell me she was going to freshen up and ask if I wanted to get on the computer. I would go into the den and change clothes. sort of..."

"Sort of?"

" ... I would get undressed and then pull my shirt and pants back on commando style, and she would come down a few minutes later in a nightie or something. I would make us a couple of drinks and she would sit on my lap while we looked at stuff on the computer. I would let her buy toys or nightgowns, and I even joined an amateur porn video site, to watch other people's movies."

Jessica stared at him, shocked. "You didn't put movies up on the Internet, did you!? Oh my God!"

"No, no, we just watched, is all. We don't even have a video camera." Jessica looked relieved. She couldn't imagine her brother being able to do that in his position. "Usually we ended up fooling around and getting it on while viewing stuff on the porn sites."

"Cool. Maybe we can do the same when we come to visit at Christmas?"

"Absolutely!"

"I'll make sure to bring the girls some fun toys to play with, too." she teased.

"You are a lot of help." he grumped.

"Oh, come on now, you know everybody likes toys!"

Jack gave her a sinister look. "Oh, yeah? Then give me back that control. Let's see how you like your toy!"

Jessica laughed brightly. "It's still dinner. That's dessert!"

Brother and sister continued to chat, keeping their voices low and the topics somewhat risqué, through dinner, and then Jack announced it was dessert time and he wanted an after dinner drink in the bar. Jessica smiled softly and nodded. After her brother paid the bill, she stood and reached into her purse, and slipped the remote control into his hand. Within seconds the vibrator buried up her pussy went off, and she had to clutch at his arm to stay upright. A look of panic hit her face as she steadied herself, and the egg turned back off.

"Are you alright?" Jack asked.

"Just surprised." was the answer. "I wasn't expecting that."

"What, this?" The egg went off again, sending another wave of pleasure through her pussy. He gave her about five seconds and flicked it off.

"Yes! Now behave or I'll take it away from you."

Jack laughed and led the way back to the bar. The room was still just as crowded, and it took a few minutes to find a single stool. Jessica climbed on and crossed her legs. Jack gave her another five second jolt and then ordered drinks.

"Do you like that?" he asked.

"Oh, yeah!" she answered emphatically.

"Good. It looks like you're enjoying it." He glanced at her chest, to see her nipples, hard and perky, trying to tear through the tight top.

Jessica glanced down and blushed. "Oh my God! I might as well be naked!" She twisted slightly to try and shield herself, but Jack simply zapped her again, eliciting a low moan. "Behave!" she ordered, but that just got him buzzing her again. By the time the bartender brought their drinks, Jessica was gripping the edge of the bar with white knuckles and a slight bead of sweat on her upper lip. When the bartender eyed her curiously, Jack let up on the switch and his sister almost slumped on her bar stool.

"Jesus Christ!" she said lowly. "Put that thing away!"

Jack chuckled and slipped the remote in a pants pocket. "That was pretty impressive." He leaned in to whisper in her ear. "Did you come?" he asked.

"You couldn't tell?"

"I thought so, but I want to make sure. Should I double check?" He slowly moved his hand back towards his pants pocket.

Jessica grabbed his arm as he laughed loudly at her. "Don't you dare!" She whispered back at him. "Yes, I came! Jesus, I thought I was about to launch into orbit! Give me a fucking break!"

Jack laughed some more and sipped at their drinks. The next time he moved towards his pocket, and Jessica stopped him, he said "Okay, but you have to do something for me."

"What?"

"Show me a little more leg."

"Oh?" Jessica glanced down at her crossed legs. Her black leather skirt was fairly short to begin with, and quite a bit of shapely tan thigh was showing.

"Yeah, maybe one of the zippers?" He flicked a finger in the direction of one of the two zippers that went from hem to hip, stopping at snaps at the waist.

Jessica's eyes widened, but she dropped one hand into her lap, and from there, slid it to the side nearest the bar. Glancing around nervously, she unzipped the bright brass zipper a couple of inches, letting some more smooth tan skin show. "Better."

"For now."

Over the next hour, Jessica had two more drinks, another massive orgasm, and the zippers on her skirt, both of them, were completely undone up to the waist. Her thong was visible through the gap. More than a few people were eyeing her appreciatively, but it was late and the lights were dim, and it definitely was not a family place. Smiling, Jack downed his drink and pulled out his wallet. He fished out a few bills and laid them on the bar. "Let's go."

Jessica climbed to her feet, not entirely steadily, and giggled. "Dessert is over?" She teetered on her heels and grabbed his arm.

"Something like that. You are really lit up, aren't you?"

She giggled again. "I feel good!"

"We'll see about that." he replied, which earned him another giggle. He took her arm and propelled her towards the door, the side entrance out of the mall. When they got outside, it was dark and a light rain had started. He pulled out his car keys and flicked the fob switch, and his car's lights flashed. Jessica started towards the car, but her brother stopped her. "Hold on." he said, looking around. The parking lot was fairly deserted. Mall traffic had left, and the only cars were for the restaurants spaced around the mall. Jessica looked at him, and saw an evil grin on his face. Before she could stop him, he had reached out and tugged at the snap over one of her skirt's zippers. With a loud POP! The skirt jerked off her and she was standing on the sidewalk in her heels, thong, and tank top.

"Jack! Give me that back!" Jessica looked around wildly. Nobody was in the parking lot, but it was very well lighted and she felt like she was naked.

"I don't think so." He left her side and began walking towards his car.

Jessica stared at him for a moment, and then ran as quickly as the three inch heels would allow her to the car. She was inside before her brother had gotten there. He was laughing the entire time! Jack climbed into the driver's seat, throwing her skirt into the back. "You bastard! I can't believe you did that!" She looked back at the restaurant, to see another group of people coming out. She would have sworn they were pointing in her direction. Blushing furiously, she whirled her head towards her brother and said "GO!"

Jack laughed hilariously and started up the car. As he did so, he reached into his pocket and palmed the remote control, and gave his sister a good long jolt. She gasped and stiffened, moaning loudly, and then collapsed when he turned it off. "You have a mean streak!" she protested. He just laughed and zapped her again.

The vibrating egg took control of Jessica, seemingly starting and stopping without warning, simply taking her closer and closer to the edge of a massive orgasm. Jessica shrieked when her brother finally left it on long enough to push her over that edge. He turned it off as she slumped down into the car seat. "Oh my God!" she whimpered.

Jack tucked the control into his pocket. "Take off your top." he ordered.

Jessica looked over at him mutely, but nodded and stripped off her tank top, tossing it in the back. She also lifted her hips up and skinned off her soaked thong, tossing that in the back as well, to sit there besides him in nothing but her heels. "Better?"

He smiled at her and nodded. "Much. What do you think the kids are doing?"

"Probably not what we're doing." she quipped. "Or at least, I hope not."

"Well, I don't think the four of them are going parking in that beater of Toby's, so I am guessing they've gone home."

Jessica smiled at the thought. Her brother caught her grin in the light from a streetlamp as he pulled onto the highway ramp. "Maybe we should park for them." she commented.

He snorted and pushed down on the pedal, moving the car up to highway speed. Putting the cruise control on, he undid his seat belt and ostentatiously adjusted his erect cock.

"Is that a hint?" she asked. The Town Car had a split bench seat, with a movable armrest, so Jessica raised the armrest out of the way and slid closer. Jack lifted his right arm and placed it over the back of her seat, giving his sister free access to his lap. She promptly undid his pants and tugged them low enough that his cock slipped up through his zipper. She teased his cockhead lightly, and then pushed his pants far enough down so that he was fully exposed. Then she chuckled and shifted around, and put her face in his lap.

The simple act of driving and concentrating on the road kept Jack from blowing his nuts into his sister's mouth, but he had to admit that she was making it difficult. He wondered if his wife and his sister had compared notes over the years. Rhonda had given him her first blowjob back when he was home from college at Christmas his freshman year. She had said it was her first and he had believed her. She was only fourteen, and her technique hadn't been very sophisticated, although it had certainly been enthusiastic. When all was said and done, that was a very pleasant trade off, and her technique improved rapidly. She had swallowed an awful lot of jism over the years before she died.

Now he felt Jessica's tongue and lips doing the things that his late wife had done, and he felt himself moving closer to the brink. He saw a rest area coming up, just a mile or two from their regular exit, so he pulled in and parked in the first spot he could find. Jessica never looked up, and when her fingers slid between his legs to cup his balls, he groaned and unloaded into her mouth, filling it with an evening's worth of come. "Jesus!" he said with a gasp.

Jessica sat upright and licked her lips. She looked around and saw they were in a rest stop on the highway. "Jack, I want some, too, and there is no way I am doing it here."

Jack laughed. "Not to worry." Putting the car back into gear, he got back on the highway. When he got off at the exit, however, he turned left, heading away from the house. Jessica was curious, but was silent. She stayed naked, on display for her brother.

Jack went back to Marsven Hill and slowly drove along the base until he found the pull off leading to the picnic grove and pond. "This should do nicely." he said. He pulled the remote from his pocket and turned it on. "Get in the back." he ordered.

Jessica whimpered as her pussy went on electric overload again. She fumbled for the door and stepped out into the chill rain, then moved back and crawled into the rear seat. As soon as she was in the back she sagged down and her hands began delving into her pussy. "Hurry, Jack, hurry!" she begged.

Jack chuckled and climbed out of the car. As soon as he was in the back seat he began stripping his own clothing off. "Suck my cock!" he ordered. He lay back to enjoy the process, flicking the remote on and off as his sister pleasured him.

The young man grunted as he came, spewing his seed into his grandmother's ass. Sweat rolled off his chest as he pulled away, and he smiled at his brother and motioned him forward. His brother laughed as he fisted his hardness. When he got into position behind her, he slapped her buttcheeks twice before inserting himself into her asshole. Lubrication wasn't necessary; her ass was filled with an evening's jism.

Their grandmother had invited the two brothers and three cousins to dinner at Marsven Hall, with the plan of being the center of attention for them after dinner. She was an attractive woman in her mid-fifties, and the boys were all in their mid-teens. She had dressed appropriately, she thought, in a simple sundress, stockings, and heels. Her plan had been for a pleasant group fuck after dinner, but her oldest grandson had a more devious plan. After the boys had arrived and had been served sodas and appetizers, he had simply stripped her dress from her and cuffed her hands behind her back. Her protests had been weak, and she had found herself laid down over an Ottoman, face forward, with her grandson kneeling behind her. She heard him spitting and felt wetness on her rear, then his thumb crudely rubbed the spittle into her asshole and then he inserted himself.

Another grandson stripped down and knelt in front of her and fed his cock into her mouth. She tried to suck him to completion but he simply laughed, informing her that he was going next, and simply wanted her to keep him hard. As soon as the first boy spewed into her bowels, he moved behind her and another grandson took his place.

She had lost track of her orgasms.

"Oh God, Jack, I need to be fucked!" cried out Jessica, pulling her face from his crotch. "Please!?"

"Okay." he agreed. Jessica reached between her legs to pull the string on the egg, to remove it, but he stopped her. "No, leave it."

"Jack?"

Jack grabbed the bag of toys off the floor and fished around in it to find the tube of lubricant. "Leave it." he repeated. Opening the tube, he squeezed some onto his cock and fisted it greasily. "Get up on top."

"Oh, God!" she cried. Jessica sat upright, and turned away from her brother, to crawl backwards onto his lap. He held his cock vertically and as soon as she was in position, used one hand to aim his cock while the other spread her asscheeks. It took a second to slip the head into her brown rosette, and then she moaned as she slipped down on him.

It felt really good. He hadn't assfucked a woman in the backseat of his car since Rhonda had died. She always liked to 'break in' a car, and made sure her husband always had a car with a decent sized back seat. "And now, liftoff!" he commented, flicking the remote switch and turning the egg on.

Jessica shrieked as the vibrator in her pussy turned on. Assaulted front and rear, she became incoherent, crying out and moaning. "Oh God oh God fuck me fuck me fuck me..." she babbled as she bounced on the cock inside her rear. "Fuck me fuck me fuck me..."

It was ten minutes before Jack, mildly sated from his earlier blowjob, spunked upwards into his sister's ass. As soon as he had finished, he shut off the egg and wrapped his arms around her from behind. Kissing her neck, he whispered in her ear "That was wonderful."

"Oh, Jack..." Jessica shifted slightly, to crawl off him, but his arms tightened and held her in place. His cock, softening slightly, was still in her asshole.

"No, stay. I want to fuck your ass again. It felt so good, so tight and hot. You have a great ass. You're such an ass-slut."

Jessica whimpered. It was a compliment that Andrew had often used on her, privately, when he was assfucking her. Jack's hands began moving around her body, running under and over her tits, tweaking her nipples, and then down to her drenched pussy. His cock hadn't really softened inside her, and she could feel it getting harder and thicker.

"You're an ass-slut, an ass-whore. When we get home I'm going to wake the kids up. The boys will fuck your ass, too, and you can teach the girls all about it." he whispered to her.

"Yes, yes! Fuck my ass, fuck my ass!" she begged. Suddenly the egg turned on again, and Jessica began orgasming, nonstop, bouncing on the cock trapped inside her. It took a few more minutes this time, but again Jack nutted and blew a load into her rear.

Jack turned off the vibrator and tossed the remote into the front seat. This time, when his sister tried to move away, he allowed her to. As soon as she was off his lap, he grabbed her tank top off the floor and used it to wipe down his come drenched crotch. "Jack! I have to put that back on!" she protested.

"I don't think so. babe." he replied. He looked out the window to see the rain had let up, even if only for a few minutes. He opened the door and got out, leaving it open, creating a pool of light. He wiped himself clean and passed it back to her. "We'll get you something else. Clean up."

Grumbling, Jessica got out of the car and used the now soiled tank top to clean up, front and rear, and then tossed it on the floor of the car. Her brother handed her her leather jacket. She gratefully shrugged into it, and then pulled her skirt on and snapped and zipped it up. The rain stayed away for another few moments, before opening up again, as Jack climbed back in the car. He grinned over at her. "That was pretty wild!"

"Yeah! Uh, were you serious about the kids?" she asked nervously.

Jack pulled back onto the roadway and chuckled. "I don't think so. It got you hot, though, didn't it?! Maybe we'll do that at Christmas!"

"Okay, I like that idea better." she agreed. Even better, that gave her an excellent idea for Christmas presents for the girls — an anal sex training kit. She could pack up a couple of different sized anal plugs, some lube, and a home enema kit. She could teach the girls, demonstrate it all with a wild weekend of buttfucking, and let their father break them in gently. She smiled and leaned across the car, to kiss her brother on the cheek. "Let's be quiet going in. The kids might be up, and I just want to clean up and go to bed with you and screw around some more."

Jack smiled. "I like the idea, but I might me down for the count. That last round really took it out of me."

"I bet I can surprise you."

Jack laughed as he pulled up to the house. "Maybe you can at that."
Chapter 14
Home - Top   Feedback to author


Home « rlfj's Page « Influence of the House of Incest Index « Previous - Settings
Chapter 14
Posted: July 14, 2009 - 04:55:59 pm
Updated: November 13, 2009 - 01:21:38 pm

"So when is Grandma getting here?" asked Toby.

Jessica shrugged. "Sometime this morning, I guess. She'll get here when she gets here."

"Yeah, and pinch our cheeks when she does." commented Andrew. He reached out and grabbed his brother's cheek between thumb and forefinger and squeezed and jiggled his brother's head. In a high falsetto, he claimed "You boys keep getting bigger and bigger!"

Toby's hand shot out and grabbed his brother's face as well. "Bigger and bigger!" he repeated in his own falsetto.

Jessica laughed. "Now behave, you two. She's not that bad!" That simply earned her the attentions of her two sons, who quickly pinched her cheeks and repeated the "Bigger and bigger!" remarks. She squawked and swatted the pair away.

Toby reached down and grabbed his mother on the rear. "Maybe you'd rather us be pinching another cheek?" he remarked lewdly.

She laughed again. "Behave! There's no time for that!"

Andrew grabbed her other cheek, to fondle her along with his brother. "There's always time for that!"

Jessica squawked again and scampered away. "Behave, you two! Old folks are coming for the next two weeks!"

"Yeah. They've probably never had sex. It's a miracle you and Dad were ever born." commented Toby.

"Behave!"

Andrew turned to his brother and wryly asked "When do we see Aunt Jane again?"

"Or the twins?" replied Toby.

"Behave!" ordered their mother. She sent the teens off and went into the kitchen to wash some dishes. She smiled at the thought of seeing her brother and his girls at Christmas. They had just left the previous weekend. After she and Jack had their wild and crazy night out, they had crept in silently, trying to avoid being seen by the kids, but there hadn't been a problem. While there was plenty of clothing strewn around the living room, the four teens were together in the den, and from the sounds of things, were having a very good time together. She and her brother had snuck upstairs and gone to her room. A quick shower together had made them semi presentable, and they had simply crawled into bed for another round of lovemaking.

The next day she had called the girls up to her room for a long talk, and had given them the presents she and Jack had bought. She taught Lizzie and Megan about taking care of the vibrators, about cleaning them up, and had even showed them the double ended dong. Their eyes had popped out of their heads when they saw that, so Jessica stripped down, followed by her nieces, and she spent a very pleasant hour with them testing it out. Later that night, all six of them had gotten naked in the living room and had a general gangbang.

The last week had seen the house with just Toby, Andrew, and Jessica, and they had settled back into a normal routine. Most days the boys would get a little action from their mother in the afternoon, and then join her in bed later on, to double team her. Wednesday, however, had been more intense. Toby had come downstairs for breakfast to find his mother washing some dishes at the kitchen sink. She was wearing a short denim skirt and a pink tee shirt, fairly normal home attire. When Toby had come up behind her, he had wrapped his arms around her in a tight hug.

"Hi, sweetie! Hungry?" she asked.

Toby had nuzzled his mother's neck and chuckled. "Not for food!" Letting go of her, he had reached down and pulled her skirt up to her waist. Beneath it she had worn a pair of small cotton panties, and he pushed them down.

Jessica laughingly protested "Toby! Stop it, I'm washing the dishes!"

Her eldest son pushed his sweatpants down and moved up behind her, he was already hard, and he angled his cock between her legs and pushed up into her. "That's fine by me. I don't mind. Keep washing them if you want." He began thrusting slowly into his mother's warm and wet pussy.

Jessica groaned, her eyes closing as her son fucked her from behind. Toby slipped his hands under her shirt and undid her bra, and then reached around to cup her tits. Her pussy spasmed as she orgasmed on his cock. When she opened her eyes, she found that Andrew had come into the kitchen and was leaning against the counter. Her second son's shorts were down at his ankles and he was watching them, lightly stroking his own prick in anticipation of the next round. It only served to make her hotter and wetter. When Toby grunted and slammed his cock into her, spraying his jism into her cunt, she had sagged down over the counter, breathing heavily. Andrew moved up behind her and took his brother's place, fucking his cock into her come drenched pussy.

Afterwards, Toby and Andrew decided that from then on Wednesdays would be 'Rape Jessica Day.' Their mother was sent upstairs to put on an even shorter skirt, a sheer blouse, and some ankle strapped shoes, and she was going to be used by her sons all day long, whenever they felt like it. She had laughed and gone along with the idea, knowing it wasn't going to be a problem.

The next two weeks were the last of the summer before school started again, and the endless round of family visits was ending. Jessica's mother was driving in that morning for a week, and would be followed the next week by Andrew Sr.'s parents. After that it would be back to school for the boys. They wouldn't be home to play 'Rape Jessica' anyway.

Just then a loud "AHOOGAH!" sound came from the street out in front of the house. Mystified, the two boys headed to the front door.

Toby and Andrew stared at the sight before them. "Mom, are you sure it was Grandma coming today?" the older boy asked.

"AHOOGAH!"

Before she could answer, Andrew opened the door and stepped outside. "I think you got your timing off, Mom." Toby and Jessica followed the teen outside to stare.

There was a final blaring "AHOOGAH!" What had parked in front of the house, blocking two driveways and a fire hydrant, was the largest RV any of them had ever seen, pulling a small car on a trailer. The camper was roughly the size of a city bus, gaudily painted and immaculate. There was a 'WHOOSH' of hydraulics and a door opened, and out stepped a pair of identically dressed sixty-somethings, wearing shorts and sport shirts and sneakers. They waved. "Hi guys!" said the man.

Jessica was startled awake. "Dad? What are you doing here? What is this thing?"

Jessica's father-in-law and mother-in-law approached, waving to the boys. "We're visiting, remember, and that's our new camper."

"That's a camper?" marveled Toby. "Cool!" Andrew nodded agreement, as he hugged his grandmother. She moved on to Toby and then Jessica.

"That's next week, Dad!" commented a questioning Jessica.

Bill Parnell looked at his wife Molly curiously. "No, it was this week, dear. You said next week your mother was coming. Is there a problem?"

Jessica eyed her in-laws closely. They were in their early sixties, an age which at one time had seemed ancient, but as she herself grew older didn't seem so bad. Her father-in-law, Bill, was a tall and slim man, darkly tanned, with a lined and leathery face and no hair except for a white fringe that went from ear to ear. He looked like he was in his sixties, but still looked healthy and vigorous. Molly, on the other hand, looked almost ten years younger. She was roughly Jessica's height but was slender, and her skin wasn't as deeply tanned. She still had a youthful glow about her. She wore her hair cut short and dyed a golden blonde.

Jessica kissed her late husband's parents and then shrugged in confusion. "No. My mistake." To herself, she muttered "I think." She looked at the RV. "What are we going to do with this? What is it!?"

"It's our new camper, honey." replied Molly. "The old one was sort of cramped, so we traded up. Isn't it beautiful?"

"It's huge! What are we going to do with it? We can't leave it here on the street!"

Bill waved off her concerns. "I've already made arrangements. As soon as we unload a few things, I'm driving it over to the firehouse and parking it out back there. Jerry McNamara told me to just block and level it and I can leave it there whenever I need to. We'll drive the car back."

"Oh my God, that thing is huge!" she repeated.

"Can we go with you?" asked Andrew.

"Yeah, can we?" asked his equally excited brother.

Bill grinned. "Sure thing. Let's get the stuff inside." He turned back to the camper and led the boys inside.

Several years before, when Bill Parnell had decided to retire, his wife had asked him what they would do. She was thinking about retiring, too, and was curious. He had laughingly suggested selling their house and buying a motor home, but Molly had considered the idea and asked if he was serious. Surprised, he had replied it was possible; he had spent thirty years driving a bus, so a giant camper shouldn't be any different.

Thus the idea was born. Both Bill and his wife had retired, taking his pension buyout and selling their house, and bought a motor home. With her pension and their savings and investments, they could afford to travel the country as snowbirds, wintering in Arizona. It wasn't a life any of their children liked, but it suited them nicely.

Jessica had considered their first motor home big, but this thing was monstrous! She followed her sons on board, along with her mother-in-law and gaped. It had to have cost as least as much as her house, and wasn't much smaller. It even had a couple of movable walls that popped out on motorized servos and cantilevered out over the sidewalk, expanding it even further. It had a bedroom, bathroom, kitchen, living/dining room, every appliance known to man, and a TV/entertainment system. Shaking her head in disbelief, she grabbed the armload Molly handed her and headed back towards the house, followed by the others. Two more trips had brought in enough to let the Parnells live comfortably for the next few days. Bill then grabbed his grandsons and headed back outside. A minute later a diesel engine roared to life, and with another loud "AHOOGAH!" the land yacht pulled away from the curb. Jessica and Molly went inside.

Toby looked around the dashboard trying to understand what he was seeing. He had grabbed the passenger seat, and he said "This isn't a passenger seat, this is where the copilot sits!"

Andrew agreed. "Yeah, really!" He pointed to a small screen in the center of the dashboard and asked "What's that?" Bill flipped a switch and the screen came to life, showing a small black and white television. "You have television for the driver?" he asked, astonished.

"Not quite. That's the rear view camera."

"Huh?" The boys stared at the screen as their grandfather explained how the motor home had a rear view camera mounted, to help when backing up, and they watched in disbelief the picture of the car on the trailer behind them.

In ten minutes they pulled into the fire department lot and around to the back. Bill kept the motor home to the side before turning along the back of the yard. He ended up straight on the back of the property, the trailer stretched out behind them. Shutting down the motor, there was another 'WHOOSH' as the door opened, and everyone climbed out. Bill showed the boys how to undo the ties holding the car onto the trailer and then dropped the ramps, to drive backwards onto the pavement. He grabbed a few items from the camper and locked it up, and then they were headed back to the house.

The trip back to the house took only about half the time as the trip over, since the motor home moved like a barge. Once they got closer, they noticed a second car was parked out front of the house. "I wonder who that is?" asked Bill.

His two grandsons looked at each other and smirked. "Roommates?" asked Toby of his brother.

"Go grab your shit." replied Andrew. Their grandfather glanced at them but didn't comment on the profanity. He parked behind the car and got out. The boys followed him inside.

Inside the house, Jessica was sitting in the living room with two women in their early sixties. She had a worried and distracted look on her face, and her sons simply looked at her and smirked. "Hi, Grandma! Hi, Nana!" Toby said to both women, stepping up to both and kissing them both on the cheek. Andrew repeated the litany. The women stood up and the new visitor wrapped her arms around both boys in turn, and pinched their cheeks.

"Bigger and bigger." commented Andrew. Jessica smiled and stuck her tongue out at her son.

"We have a bit of a problem." commented Sarah Miller. Jessica's mother looked very similar to her daughter; it wasn't hard to tell they were related. She was about an inch shorter and her brunette hair was from a bottle, in a nice perm, but she had her daughter's face and build.

Before Jessica could say anything, Toby answered "Let me guess, you were both invited this week and nobody was invited next week?"

"And now you don't know how we're going to do this?" commented Andrew.

"And you're going to ask us if maybe, just this once, I could move in with Andrew? How am I doing so far, Mom?"

"You two just think you're so smart, don't you?! You just like being a smarty-pants, don't you?!" their mother said.

"We should be a dumby-pants?" asked Andrew innocently. All three grandparents laughed heartily at this as Jessica stewed at her sons.

The boys turned to leave. "Come on, go get your stuff into my room and I'll start unloading bags from the car." commented Andrew.

Toby grinned and turned back. "You know, the last time we did this, Uncle Jack sent the girls out to help in bikinis."

It was their grandmothers who now began to squawk as their grandfather laughed. He went along to help Andrew, as Toby headed up the stairs.

It was decided that Bill and Molly would share Toby's bedroom while Sarah would use the den. The queen sized bed in Toby's room was somewhat larger than the sofa bed in the den. Jessica had to stifle a smile at the thought of her in-laws using Toby's bed. She knew from previous visits that they were still quite active sexually, and none too quiet about it either.

This was confirmed shortly after lunch. Lunch had been sandwiches and sodas at the kitchen table. Afterwards, Molly had cleaned up and said she was going to go up and unpack their suitcases; her husband had quickly agreed to help. After cleaning up in the kitchen, Jessica went upstairs to use her bathroom, and she stopped as she heard unmistakable sounds coming from Toby's bedroom.

It was Bill Parnell's voice, a deep tenor normally, but now it sounded raspy and hurried. "Oh, that's it, that's it ... don't stop ... more, more, harder, harder ... suck it, keep sucking it ... oh yeah, don't stop..." Jessica blushed as she listened, her panties moistening. It was obvious that Molly was giving her husband a blowjob, and it sounded like she was really putting some effort into it. Bill's voice got harsher and harsher, and he began demanding that she suck him off and finish him. Then she heard a low moan, and Bill's voice became much more mellow. "Oh, yeah, that's it, just like that ... swallow, oh God, swallow!..."

Jessica crept down to her bedroom and into her bathroom. While on the toilet she debated staying a few minutes more and diddling her clit, to jill off herself, but a minor commotion downstairs distracted her. Cleaning up and dressing, she went back down to the kitchen, followed a few minutes later by Bill. He had a smile on his face, but Jessica simply smiled back innocently. Molly came down a few minutes later wearing a different top, leaving Jessica to wonder if Bill had splattered.

The rest of the day went quietly. The grownups gossiped and chatted while the boys went out for a few hours with friends. After dinner everyone stayed in and watching television. Before they went to bed, Bill asked "What time do you get up around here?"

Jessica shrugged. "It's a Saturday. Nothing special. I'm sure we'll all be up by eight. Why?"

Molly answered for her husband. "Bill needs to run. He's in training for the triathlon in Phoenix this fall."

"What!?" This got the attention of everyone in the house, especially the boys. They all crowded around to ask about it.

"It's a senior's competition. I've started doing them to stay in shape and it's more fun than you might think." Bill explained.

"How much do you do?" asked Toby. "Is it like the Ironman?"

"It's not that crazy."

"I don't understand." said Jessica. "What's a triathlon and what's the Ironman?"

It was Toby who explained. "A triathlon is a race where you have to do three things in a row, no stopping. You have to run, you have to bike, and you have to swim. No rest stops or breaks. The Ironman was the first. It's somewhere in Hawaii, I think, and you have to swim across an ocean bay, ride a bike around the island, and then run a marathon when you finish that." He looked at his grandfather for confirmation.

"Close enough. The swim is about 2½ miles, the marathon is a bit over 26, and the bike race goes all over and around the big island. It's over 100 miles."

Jessica looked at him in horror. "And you do that? That's crazy!"

Bill gave her a wry smile and nodded. "Yeah, that's kind of nuts, but I don't do anything like that. This one is a lot smaller. Swim about a mile, bike the marathon, then run ten miles."

"This one? You do these all the time?"

Bill shrugged. "Yes and no. I do one every few months, and train in between. Depending on where we're at, we can get online and Google a senior's triathlon somewhere. It keeps me in shape."

"You can get online from the camper?" asked Andrew.

"Sure." said Molly. "We have a wireless and WiFi setup, just like a cell phone."

Andrew looked at his brother. "Cool!"

"You're still crazy!" she said, shaking her head.

Both Bill and Molly laughed. "So come with us." Molly said.

Jessica gave a coughing laugh. "Me? No way! I want to die in bed, not running around outside!"

Molly waved this off. "No, silly! Only Bill races. I'm not that crazy, either. I drive the chase car."

"The chase car?" asked Sarah.

"I drive behind Bill in case something happens, and I carry the bike on a rack behind the car. Come on, you can come, too."

Both Jessica and Sarah agreed to ride along, but the boys demurred. "Places to go and people to see!" said Toby. Andrew simply nodded agreement.

"Oh? What are you up to?" asked his mother.

"I'm playing hoops over at Bob Kane's and then hanging around their pool afterwards."

Andrew smirked. "Translated that means he's going to show his sweaty muscled body to Candy Kane and see if she doesn't go swimming in her bikini after."

"You say that like it's a bad idea." commented Toby. The women in the room all gave him disapproving looks, though his grandfather smiled.

"Her name is Candy Kane?" he asked incredulously.

"Yeah, for real! Her parents actually named her Candace, like nobody would ever give her a nickname." agreed Toby.

"Even a porn star wouldn't use a name that cheesy."

"The bad idea is you hitting on 'Killer' Kane's baby sister while she's in the same county as he is." said Andrew.

Toby gave his brother a beatific smile. "Not a problem. I already have that covered. Killer has somewhat more mature tastes in women, and I've promised that we won't get in each other's way."

"You want to explain that?" said Andrew.

Toby smirked. "Let's just say that Bob likes older women. Does the Hottest MILF Contest ring a bell?"

Jessica's eyes snapped open at that one. She had heard that she was the winner of the school's highly secretive Hottest MILF competition this year, an informal poll among the boys and a rather dubious honor it seemed, both from her sons and from one of her scandalized neighbors. Even as Sarah leaned over to ask Molly what a MILF was, Jessica was spluttering. "Let me get this straight. You traded ME for your friend's little sister!? Have you lost your freaking mind?!"

"Mother, mother, trust me! I simply told Killer that I wouldn't stand in the way of true love, in the event he did manage to romance you successfully. Nothing more."

"You have lost your mind!"

Toby made calming gestures. "Mom, don't worry. I've seen Bob in the shower. Trust me, you can do better." The room exploded in laughter even as Jessica fumed.

Jessica rolled her eyes in exasperation. Turning to her youngest, she asked "And what are you doing tomorrow, raffling me off to the highest bidder!?"

Andrew held his arms up in protest. "Hey, don't get me involved in this. I'm just going over to Tracy's. My love life is already taken care of."

"What happens when Tracy dumps you?" asked Toby.

Andrew gave his mother a sly glance, and then shrugged his shoulders and grinned. "Well, that would be different, wouldn't it?"

Spluttering, Jessica sent the boys to bed, and then followed a few minutes later. Her mother and Molly both winked at her and told her to make sure she got her beauty sleep for 'Killer', at which point Jessica almost exploded a second time.

Jessica went up to her room. She brushed her teeth and washed up, and then put on a formless cotton night shirt. She was about to go to bed when she noticed a light under the door. Realizing that her sons had left the hall light on again, she opened the bedroom door to go down the hallway when she stopped. Toby and Andrew were standing outside the door to Toby's room suppressing their laughter and shaking their heads. Curious, Jessica came closer.

From inside Toby's bedroom could be heard, faintly but clearly "Fuck me harder, fuck me harder!" Jessica turned to face her smirking sons, who were trying hard to keep from busting out in laughter. Bill wasn't the only vocal member of the family, tonight it was Molly who was urging her husband on, while Bill just grunted and the bed springs squeaked.

Jessica listened a minute longer before pushing her sons back into Andrew's room. "Go to sleep, boys!" She closed the door on them, turned off the hall light, and went to bed.
Chapter 15
Home - Top   Feedback to author


Home « rlfj's Page « Influence of the House of Incest Index « Previous - Settings
Chapter 15
Posted: October 03, 2009 - 09:23:23 am
Updated: November 13, 2009 - 01:21:38 pm

Breakfast the next morning was a somewhat drawn out affair, with people coming into the kitchen in ones and twos. Jessica served up bacon, eggs, and toast to most of the family, although Toby and his grandfather settled for juice and coffee.

"I'm going out to play some hoops, remember? If I eat now, I'm going to lose it for sure during the game." commented her son.

"Same here. I'll grab something at lunchtime." commented Bill.

When they were finished, the boys put their dishes in the kitchen sink and departed, kissing their mother and grandmothers on the cheek before leaving. Ten minutes later, the women cleaned the dishes while Bill went back upstairs to put on his running outfit. When he came back down the stairs, Jessica saw that her father-in-law was serious about preparing for his race. He was wearing running shorts, a sleeveless t-shirt, some odd looking running shoes, and a baseball cap. The clothing looked like it had been worn for a while already, very broken in and comfortable. "So, where am I running to today?" he asked.

The older women looked over at Jessica. "I don't know. Let me get this straight. You run somewhere, swim, and then ride a bike back. Does it have to be in that order?"

Bill shook his head. "Not really. Different races do things differently. I try to mix it up sometimes. Maybe I start at a river or pool, do the swimming first, and then either bike or run. Sometimes I bike, swim, and then run. Where around here can we do these things?"

Jessica shrugged and thought about it. "Well, I don't know how far you want to go. I suppose you could run out of town and then ride back in. We don't really have any rivers or lakes around here, but there is a really nice big pond over by Marsven Hill."

"How far away is that?"

"Maybe five miles."

Molly looked at her husband. "You could run over there with us following, swim around the pond — is the pond big enough to swim a few laps in?" she asked, looking at her daughter-in-law. Jessica silently nodded. "And then you could ride the bike back and go around town."

"That would work." agreed Bill. "Can you go with us and show us the way?" he asked.

Jessica laughed. "You want me to join you two in a triathlon!? You're kidding me, right?"

Molly laughed at that. "No, we'll ride in the chase car. I'm not that silly, either. We follow along after Bill, so that when he drops dead of a heart attack, we can tidy up the mess and not be charged with littering."

"I'm in! I want to see this!"

Jessica laughed. "Me, too. We can talk while Superman here runs around. Does he have a red cape?"

Bill snorted as Molly laughed. The women all stood up and got ready to go out. It was looking to be a hot day, so they wore shorts and t-shirts and sneakers. Bill was already outside, checking a bike rack on the back of their car. "We'll run over to the firehouse so I can grab the bike, then go from there." Before the others even had a chance to agree, he was off, jogging down the sidewalk towards the fire station.

"Wait for us!" cried out Jessica.

Bill turned back at that, but Molly motioned him along and he turned away again. "He'll be fine in town. It's only when he gets out of town that we have to worry. We'll just drive behind him slowly with the flashers on. Come on, get in. We can get over to the bus and start loading the bike by the time he gets over there." She got in the driver's seat, and Sarah got into the passenger seat. Jessica climbed into the back seat and stretched out.

The firehouse was about two miles away, but Bill was making good time. They only beat him by a few minutes. Sarah marveled at the monstrous motor home, much as her daughter had the previous day. There was a separate bike rack on the back of the camper, and two high end bikes were locked in place. Bill took one down and put it onto the bike rack on their car. Jessica gave him directions sufficient to get out of town, and he ran off.

This time the ladies followed along behind at a sedate pace, half driving on the shoulder so as not to block traffic. Jessica watched her father-in-law running and then commented "I never would have guessed Dad for a fitness freak."

Molly answered "I don't know if he's a fitness freak, but he does try to stay in shape. All those years of driving a bus left him more than a bit pudgy, and his doctor gave him holy hell a couple of years ago, made him go on a diet and join a gym, and lose weight."

"I guess it worked." commented Sarah. "He seems in pretty good shape."

"Oh, yeah! He lost about thirty pounds, and what's left is solid muscle. There's some other benefits, too!" she said, with a twinkle in her eye.

"Oh?"

"Well, let's just say that once he got back into shape, he was able to do a lot of other exercise, too."

"Really?" asked Sarah, giggling.

Molly grinned and nodded. "Oh, yeah! Bill is in much better shape for 'midnight pushups' than before."

"And that's your job? You provide the motivation?" teased Jessica.

"You've got it! Your father-in-law gets motivated morning, noon, and night! It's really good for my heart, too!"

All three women laughed at this. About halfway out to Marsven Hill, Bill slowed his pace and signaled for the car to pull up next to him. Sarah dropped her window. "Are you alright?"

"Just fine. Here, take this. It's too hot." He never stopped his pace, but peeled off his shirt and handed it in through the window. Then he moved out again, running bare-chested.

The running shirt was already wet with perspiration. "Ewwww, gross!" complained Sarah, who tossed the shirt into the back.

"Thanks, Mom!" Jessica groused as she tossed the shirt to the floor.

Sarah smiled as she watched Bill running. He definitely looked fit and healthy, his darkly tanned skin glistening with perspiration. "I have to admit, that looks pretty motivational to me!"

Molly laughed as Jessica protested. "Mom! Really!"

"Oh, behave. Your father is the one who's dead, not me!"

"Do you get any 'midnight pushups' these days?" asked Molly.

"On occasion." she admitted.

"You two are as bad as the boys!" said Jessica.

Molly laughed. "They're good kids!"

Sarah agreed. "They're nice boys. I can't believe Andrew. The older he gets, the more he reminds me of his father.

Jessica snorted. "And the older Toby gets, the more he reminds me of a used car salesman. Can you believe he offered to trade me for a shot at his friend's little sister!? Unbelievable!"

Sarah looked over her shoulder and smiled. "Nothing wrong with a younger man. You get more pushups out of them." Molly giggled and Jessica protested at this. Sarah replied "Don't get all high and mighty with me. I don't know if you're getting any pushups lately, but your Dad's been gone ten years. He used to do a lot of pushups, and I've missed them. So, now I find different exercise partners, and the younger, the better!" Jessica squawked some more, even as Molly broke out into laughter.

When they approached the base of Marsven Hill, Jessica ordered Molly to beep the horn. Catching Bill's attention, they motioned him down the path to the pond, and then pulled in after him. By the time they got out of the car, Bill was down the path and around the rocks.

The three women were all on the back terrace of Marsven Manor, sunning themselves around the swimming pool. They were all naked, and their supple bodies glistened with oil. All three of them, sisters, were in their early forties, although they all looked considerably younger.

Coming from the house strode a young teenaged boy with a beach towel wrapped around his waist. He was slim and tall, with a wiry physique. When he got closer to the pool, he pulled off the towel and tossed it to the ground near the women. Beneath the towel he was naked, and all three of the older women eyed his body appreciatively. His cock was slim but hung low, and began to slowly fill as he eyed them back. Smiling, he dove into the pool.

The teen swam back and forth several times, easily doing laps as the women watched him silently. Finally, satisfied with his brief workout, he climbed up the ladder and moved over to his towel. He bent at the waist and picked it up, to towel himself dry brusquely and efficiently, and then tossed it aside. His cock was again beginning to slowly stiffen. The three women invited him to lie down between them on a large mat. The boy lay face down and the three women began rubbing suntan lotion into his back. One of the sisters, a redhead, concentrated on rubbing the oil across his ass and down into the crack of his asscheeks, and even further, to reach between his legs to his ball sac.

When he rolled over onto his back, his cock was gloriously erect. Without saying a word, the three women continued to cover him with suntan lotion. Now the redhead, his mother, applied a heavy coating of lotion to her son's slim but lengthy cock. He murmured appreciatively as she began working the oil into his skin, stroking his shaft and lightly massaging it into his ball sac. She continued to pump his cock in her hands as her sisters, his aunts, a pair of strawberry blondes, worked the suntan lotion onto his arms and chest and legs. Suddenly the boy elicited a silent groan and jism began spurting from his cock, to rain down onto his torso. His mother pumped him dry, and then she and her sisters rubbed it into his oily flesh.

His aunts began stroking his cock again as his mother crawled up by his head. She straddled his head and lowered her shaved pussy to his lips as his cock stiffened. Eventually it was hard enough to ride, and another pair of hips straddled his, and a pussy lowered onto him. The two women rode him as the third played with herself and them.

It would be a long afternoon. The young man had amazing recuperative abilities. Each of them would be able to get at least one load of jism each, in either their pussy or their ass, and probably a second as well.

Jessica, Sarah, and Molly all got out of the car. Sarah and Molly walked over to the grass and sat down; it was too hot for them to move. Jessica followed Bill down the trail to the water, and was surprised when he didn't stop and take off the funny looking running shoes. They must have been waterproof, since he just kept running down the trail to the water and went in. Moments later he was far enough out to begin swimming. He headed out for the opposite shore at high speed.

Jessica eyed her father-in-law, wondering about him in a physical sense. Certainly he kept his wife happy, and without seeming effort. She felt a strange thrill to watch him. She wondered what he would look like without the swimsuit on. Did that dark tan go all over? She giggled at the thought, but felt her pussy moistening. After a few minutes swimming across the pond, Bill reversed course and swam back. His powerful strokes seemingly translated directly to her body. Every stroke of his arms cutting through the water and every kick of his legs seemed to cause a corresponding pulse to her pussy. Bill came closer and then reversed course again, swimming away from her on another lap. Jessica waited for his return, her breath rasping as her eyes focused on his body.

Bill must have been affected as well, she finally thought, when he finished his second lap across the pond. Rather than turn around for another lap, he swam closer and then stood up, to walk out of the water. Jessica was almost panting as he came closer, and his swim trunks/shorts bulged obscenely at her. Side by side they moved back up the path towards the car.

It was a scene Jessica couldn't have imagined in a million years. Her mother and mother-in-law were lying on the grass, on their sides and in each other's arms, kissing hungrily. Their tops were up above their breasts, their bras were undone, and their shorts and panties were down their thighs. They moaned as they moved against each other. Each woman had a hand between the other's thighs, furiously jilling the other off, and their breasts were squashed flat against each other. They could hear the squishing and squelching as fingers feverishly probed each other's pussies. Jessica and Bill stopped dead in their tracks to watch, silently awestruck.

"Oh my God!" whispered Jessica, staring at her mother groping her sister-in-law.

Bill stayed silent, but he was equally affected. As he stared at the two women, he pushed his shorts down off his hips. They slipped down his legs to pool at his feet, leaving him in a jock strap. This was pushed down next, so that his painfully stiff prick was pointing outward.

Jessica turned her head to stare at her father-in-law. Bill Parnell's cock was slim but long, very long, and it drew her to it like a moth to a flame. A tiny bead of precome was already on the tip. Most amazingly, Bill's cock and balls were bare, either shaved or waxed free of all hair. She glanced back at the two women writhing together on the ground. Molly was also free of all pubic hair. Sarah sported a trim little triangle just above her redly engorged cunt. It was too much for Jessica. She turned back towards Bill and sank to her knees. As soon as her mouth was open, Bill pushed his cock between Jessica's lips.

It was a crazy bit of multitasking for her. She was the only one still dressed. Her eyes were still on the two women getting each other off. Meanwhile the precome was flowing out of her father-in-law's cock, his hips were thrusting back and forth, and his hands were in her hair, holding her head in place. As the grandmothers moaned on the ground, getting louder and louder, the precome flowed faster and faster, and Jessica was forced to pay ever more attention to the cock in her mouth. Suddenly, with a groan, Bill's cock expanded slightly and a heavy jet of jism spurted onto her tongue. She swallowed quickly and was rewarded with a second and third blast.

Above her, Bill groaned happily. Stepping back, his now quiescent cock slipped from her lips, no longer pulsing but still stiff. Now Molly pulled her face away from Sarah's and looked over at her husband. "Bill, get down here now and fuck her!" Bill silently shuffled forward and then slipped down to the ground. "Fuck Sarah, Bill, fuck Sarah!"

Sarah looked back over her shoulder at Bill sidling up behind her. "Fuck me! Fuck me!" she demanded.

Bill pushed his sister-in-law's shorts and panties down her legs. Laying down on the ground and spooned up behind her, as Sarah lifted a leg, Bill pushed into her from behind. Sarah shrieked and stopped paying attention to her partner as Bill began fucking her from the rear. Molly's fingers continued to manipulate Sarah's clit as Bill's hips began churning back and forth. His cock had never softened even despite his previous orgasm. Now, despite that previous orgasm, his second come approached almost as quickly. Sarah was babbling incoherently as Bill's cock exploded a second time, filling her soaked pussy with a heavy load of come.

The three fucking grandparents collapsed to the grass breathing heavily. Jessica stared at them in amazement. It had been an amazing scene. What was more amazing was when Bill climbed to his feet. Pulling his jock strap and shorts back on, he looked down at his wife and smiled. "That was a great workout, but I don't think it will qualify for the triathlon."

Molly laughed. She stretched her half naked form on the grass and then sat upright. "I guarantee it would heighten the sport's popularity." Both Jessica and her mother giggled at the thought.

"Oh, I agree! Well, I better start riding."

"What!? What about me!?" protested Jessica. She was the only one who hadn't gotten off so far!

Bill was already moving back up the path to the car. Sarah smiled and said "It was pretty good, too."

"Mom, you're no fucking help!"

Molly began to dress again. "As soon as we get back to the house, he's all yours. You can have him all afternoon."

"It's a deal."

By the time the women had climbed into their car, Bill was already away, pedaling furiously. He was keeping to his planned route, to ride around the hill and then back to town. Molly caught up to him quickly. Jessica was still in the back seat, and she leaned over the front between the two older women. "Mom, when did you get interested in women?"

Sarah smiled. "Oh, it's been a few years now. It happened when I started getting out again, a couple of years after your father died." Both Jessica and Molly eyed her curiously. "Well, I was just starting to get social again, and I went to a cocktail party in the neighborhood some friends were hosting. Anyway, the host, he started flirting with me. Working it pretty hard, too, truth be told. So I decided to call his bluff and asked him what his wife would think about what he had suggested."

"Good for you!" remarked Molly.

"Yeah, you think?" was the snorting reply. "Well, guess what!? He called my bluff! About a half hour later Helene — oh, shit! I didn't want to say names!..."

Jessica looked at her mother curiously. "Helene? Helene Thomasen?"

"No, no, not her." protested Sarah.

Jessica could tell by the look in her mother's eyes that it was. "It was, it was! Helene and Harry Thomasen!? Oh my God!"

Sarah rolled her eyes. "Oh, all right. It was Helene and Harry. So Helene came over and asked if I wanted to stay after the party with her and Harry or whether I was just as full of crap as her husband was! I have to admit, I was curious."

"Really? You'd never done anything like that before?" asked Molly.

"Never!" She looked at her daughter and smiled. "Your father was the only man I had ever been with. Things were different in those days."

Jessica asked "Were you a virgin when you got married?" The very idea was foreign to her.

Sarah grinned. "I might have been old fashioned, but not that old fashioned. Still, he was it for me."

Jessica began pointing out the roads to take as they reentered town. Molly asked "Well, what happened? Did the three of you get it on?"

Sarah blushed and nodded. "I'd never done anything like it before, but it was fun! It was like they were both making love to me. We went up to their bedroom and Harry undressed both Helene and me, like first he undid a few buttons on my blouse, and then he did it to her, then back to me and so on. He made love to both of us, too."

"Sounds like fun!"

"It was! It got me out of my shell. Ooh, we're back!"

Bill had driven up the driveway and was opening the garage door to put away his bike. The three women promptly got out of their car and followed him inside. As soon as the door was closed again, clothing started coming off. By the time they reached Jessica's bedroom, all four were naked.

Bill was grinning at his daughter-in-law as she entered her bedroom. He was standing there with his erection pointing at her. "Okay, baby, however you want me to do it, I'm your man!"

Jessica giggled and crawled onto the bed. Lying on her back, she spread her legs wide and lifted her knees, causing her shaved pink slit to gape open invitingly. "Get on top, Dad, and fuck me hard!"

"Go on, honey, fuck her hard and fast!" insisted Molly, pushing her husband forward.

Sarah climbed on the bed next to her daughter. She reached between the younger woman's legs and spread her pussy lips apart. "You'd better hurry up before I start eating!"

Jessica groaned at the thought. Just the touch of Sarah's fingers was enough to drive her over the edge into orgasm. Her hips were lifting up to meet her father-in-law even before he managed to crawl onto the bed between her legs. Molly and Sarah got his cock lined up and then he pushed forward, hard and fast.

Jessica moaned, her back arching as she thrust upwards at her new lover. She was writhing on the bed in throes of ecstasy, sweating and whimpering, thrashing about even as she gripped the bedclothes with white knuckles. Her eyes were closed as her head twisted back and forth. "Fuck me! Fuck me! Fuck me!" she babbled, as Bill's hips pounded against her. His cock was slim but long, and his long strokes ran its full length along her clit on both the in and out strokes. "Fuck me! Fuck me! Fuck me!" He was supporting himself on his extended arms, so that only their crotches were rubbing together.

"I'm going to come, I'm going to come!" he replied.

"Come in her pussy!" urged Molly. "We'll eat your come out of her!" Her hands were rubbing her husband's balls from behind, coaxing him harder and deeper

Sarah told her daughter "We're going to eat your pussy, baby!" and twisted her nipples.

It was too much. Crying out, Jessica thrust up hard, her back arching so she was up off the bed, and Bill drove deep into her. He cried out as well, and his balls unloaded, spewing a torrent of come into her spasming pussy. He collapsed onto her, even as his hips continued to weakly thrust, and his cock reflexively jetted into her.

It took a minute or two before Bill roused enough to roll off her, and he did so with a smile. "That was great, Dad!" she said appreciatively. "Ready for Round Two?"

Bill laughed. "Jesus, sweetie, I'm an old man! Give me a break!"

"Fuck that!" She grinned at her mother and Molly. "Get him stiff, please!"

Molly rolled her eyes and smiled. She turned to Sarah and said "Okay. I'll work on him, so you clean her up."

Sarah's eyes lit up at the thought, as she eyed her daughter's redly wet cunt, with jism seeping out. "Think you can get him up again?"

"I know a few tricks." So saying, she positioned herself at her husband's feet and began licking his soft wet cock. Her trick was to keep his cock in her mouth, and use her hands on his balls and lower, to tickle his asshole, tracing a fingertip around the rim and then slowly insert a finger up to the first knuckle. Bill groaned and spread his legs wide.

Sarah's task was simpler; she only had to eat Bill's cream pie. She went at it with gusto, licking Jessica's pussy from stem to stern, and sucking her little red clit occasionally. By the time Molly had her husband ready to go, Jessica was whimpering and needy.

"It's time!" announced Sarah.

Jessica sat upright and moved to straddle Bill's hips, but Molly stopped her. "Turn around, face the other way." Shrugging, Jessica twisted around into a reverse cowgirl position, and Molly aimed Bill's cock upwards. Jessica settled down onto it happily.

"Why this way?" she asked.

"Because that way I can lay down here and nibble on both of you." Sarah replied.

From behind her, Jessica felt movement, and when she twisted her head around, found her mother-in-law facing her way and sitting on Bill's face. "Now I can play with you from here while Sarah plays with you from there. This is all for you, honey!"

"This is so good!" exclaimed Jessica. She began to move on Bill's cock, as Molly reached around to cup her tits and Sarah began licking her clit. "So good!"
Chapter 16
Home - Top   Feedback to author


Home « rlfj's Page « Influence of the House of Incest Index « Previous - Settings
Chapter 16
Posted: October 05, 2009 - 05:55:43 pm
Updated: November 13, 2009 - 01:21:38 pm

It had been a vigorous end of the morning in Jessica's room, with the three women using and abusing Bill for various 'deviant sexual purposes.' So said Molly, in any case, just after Bill had dramatically clutched his chest and feigned a heart attack. The three had taken pity on him at that point and climbed off the bed. Bill had staggered off to Toby's room and collapsed onto the bed without even bothering to wash up.

Not so for Jessica, Molly, and Sarah. After sending Bill off for a nap, they split up to clean up and get dressed. Jessica went into her bathroom and quickly showered. When she came out, she found a pile of clothing on her rumpled bedsheets. They were the clothes she had been wearing when they had left the house in the chase car, and that had been discarded along the way once they all got back home. She bundled them into her hamper and then pulled on a clean pair of shorts and sport shirt. Barefoot, she left her room.

Joining her in the hallway was Molly, dressed in shorts and a t-shirt. Like Jessica, Molly had skipped out on any underwear or shoes. "Did your clothing magically show up, too?" asked Jessica.

"It wasn't magic, it was Sarah. When she went downstairs to get some clothes she found our stuff all strewn six ways from Sunday! She grabbed it all up before she came back upstairs. She's in the shower now." Molly pointed down the hall at the bathroom, through which sounds of a shower running could be heard.

"I figured it had to be something like that. As soon as she comes down, we should make lunch."

"Good! I'm starving!"

Jessica giggled. "I can't imagine why. What about Dad? Is he hungry?"

Molly smiled and held a finger to her lips, and then opened the door to Toby's room. Bill was lying flat on his back on the bed, still naked, and snoring loudly. She closed the door carefully and said "He's out for a few hours. He won't be joining us for lunch."

Jessica gave a look of concern. "Is that all right? He only had coffee for breakfast..."

Molly shrugged and took her daughter-in-law by the arm, leading her towards the stairs. "He'll be fine. He rarely eats breakfast anyways, and lunch can be iffy, too. No, he'll just eat a big dinner and a snack or two after. Sort of like a lion — he eats a gazelle and then sleeps a day or two."

Just as they were going down the stairs, the bathroom door opened and Sarah stepped out. Like the others she was wearing shorts and a top, and was missing a bra. She followed the other two women down the stairs and on into the kitchen. "Lunch?" she asked.

"Lunch." agreed Jessica. "I was thinking of boiling some eggs and making egg salad. Or do you want something a little quicker? I have some cold cuts."

Molly shrugged. "Egg salad is fine by me." Sarah simply nodded agreement.

Jessica put a pot of water on the stove to boil, and then pulled a carton of eggs out of the refrigerator. "If I do the whole dozen, whatever we don't use in the egg salad we can keep for later in the week."

"Sounds fair." agreed Sarah.

"I heard you brought up the clothing. Thank you."

"You're welcome. I didn't want the boys to see all our clothing spread all over the place when they come back."

Molly laughed. "When will they be back, anyway?"

"Knowing those two, about ten minutes before dinner. Toby's going to be closing the deal on his trade, and Andrew's going to be busy playing doctor." Jessica put the dozen eggs into the water as it heated up, and then sat at the kitchen table with the other two. "So, Mom, you and the Thomasens? I just can't believe it!"

Sarah snorted at the statement. "It's not like that at all. We're just good friends." The other two gave her a very skeptical look at that. "Okay, very good friends. But it was just something to break me out of my shell. We only get together every month or so."

"So, that got you back into dating?" asked Molly.

Sarah nodded. "Yes, I just needed a good push, I guess. The next week, I was at the gym, and I saw a fellow there who had talked to me before. Or tried to talk, I suppose, I wasn't really in a conversational mood before. Well, anyway, I was on the treadmill and he was next to me, and this time when he said hello, I said hello as well, and this time we started talking. He was a very nice guy, a couple of years younger than me, but not so it was noticeable, in good shape. Anyway, he asked me out to dinner and I said yes."

"That sounds promising." commented Jessica.

"Oh, it was. He was a very charming man, and after dinner we had a drink at the bar, and then I invited him back to the house for a nightcap, and well, you get the idea."

"A late dinner at the Y and then breakfast in bed?" teased Molly.

Sarah blushed, but nodded. "That pretty much says it all right there. He stayed the night and didn't leave until mid-morning. It was very, very nice."

"So, any special boyfriends now?" asked Jessica.

Sarah laughed. "I'm not looking for a husband, just trying to get an itch scratched. I have several friends that I see on a regular basis, along with Harry and Helene."

"So, are you in the lifestyle like they are?" asked Molly.

"No. I think they are, a little, at least. I just like the occasional threesome every now and then."

Jessica listened in disbelief. "The lifestyle? What's that?"

"It's shorthand for swinging and swapping." replied Molly. She turned back to Sarah and continued "Bill and I have been into it for a number of years now, but I never would have thought you were into it. It's only been since your husband passed?"

Sarah nodded. "We never did anything like that. Oh, don't get me wrong, we had an awful lot of fun together, but nothing like that. It's just that without him, well, a girl needs a man every once in a while. Toys just don't cut it all the time. Besides, like I said, I'm not looking for another husband, just some fun."

Sarah looked at her daughter. "What about you? It's been over a year now. What are you doing about sex? Anything?"

Jessica blushed fiercely. "Mother! I still can't get over the idea of you and other people and groups and all! And you! You and Dad are swingers? Oh my God!"

Molly snorted and smiled. "You'd be surprised how common it actually is. Well, maybe not common, but not rare either. What the hell do you expect us to do, sit around and play shuffleboard the rest of our lives? It's one of the nice things about traveling like we do, you can visit friends and meet others with similar interests. Very similar, if you get my drift. Anyway, the question stands — Are you seeing anyone, or more than one?"

Jessica blushed and shook her head. "No, not like that."

Sarah eyed her daughter curiously. "Not like that. Just what does that mean? You're not seeing anybody? Or you're not going out for fun and games?"

Molly's eyebrows rose at that. "Now that's an interesting idea. Those two could do a lot worse than the Hottest MILF, hmm?"

"MOTHER!" Jessica protested loudly, but the two older women continued to look at her with a mixture of curiosity and amusement. Finally she gave up, averting her eyes, she admitted "Oh, what the hell. No, I don't need to leave the house, if you must know."

Molly grinned. "Really?! So, two young studs, huh? They are awfully cute. They taking care of business, all right?"

"Yeah, think they'll be interested in branching out?" quizzed. Sarah.

Jessica groaned and rolled her eyes. Considering the boys were already banging everything else in the neighborhood as well as their aunt and cousins, a couple of grandmothers were well within the realm of possibility. "I want nothing to do with this! You two can do your own seductions!'

Molly gave her fellow grandmother a sly smile. "You just leave that to us!"

It was half past four when Andrew left Tracy's house. He got on his bike, but rather than ride directly home, he rode south to the Kane house, in the hopes of finding his brother. He got there just in time to find Toby walking down the driveway with Candy. The petite blonde was barefoot and wearing a bikini bottom and an oversized t-shirt. Toby winked at his brother before taking the young teen in his arms for a long kiss, and then he too climbed on his bike. The brothers headed for home.

"So I see you had a productive afternoon." commented Andrew. "Just how productive was it?" he asked.

Toby gave a satisfied smile. "More productive than some, less than others. Let's just say there's a very interesting promise of things to come."

"Oh? How so?"

"Well, Candy was very interested in a future date or two, enough so that I managed to get invited with her into the pool house for the afternoon. She's a very tasty little 'candy cane' if I say so myself."

"Is that all you got, a tasting? You must be slipping."

Toby shrugged pleasantly. "Well, she got a nice tasting, too. I don't know who taught her, but that girl can suck the chrome off a trailer hitch! We're going out Friday night — a movie, Mickey Ds, and then out to the reservoir to watch the submarine races. What about you? How's Tracy? Did you two play doctor?"

Andrew grinned. "She's feeling much better now. I showed her my thermometer and checked her temperature a few times."

Toby laughed. "Have to give her any injections?"

"A shitload!"

They continued on in this vein for another few minutes until they pulled into their driveway. The bikes went into the garage, and then the teens went inside, going through the laundry room and the kitchen. Jessica simply smiled and greeted her sons, but their grandmothers made sure to give both boys tight hugs and kisses on the cheek.

This didn't go unnoticed by the boys. Toby raised and eyebrow at his brother and twitched his head in the direction of the stairs. Andrew followed his brother up to his room. "I need to change." said Toby. Andrew just nodded.

Toby's eyes widened when he opened his bedroom door to grab some clothing from his dresser. Bill was still laying on the bed, snoring loudly, still naked. Toby silently grabbed some fresh clothing and then tiptoed out of his room. "Come here." he whispered to Andrew. "Get a load of this!"

Andrew glanced into Toby's room and had to cover his mouth to keep from laughing. He backed out and silently closed the door. The two boys went back into his room before they started snickering. "Looks like somebody's been having some fun." said Andrew. Their grandfather's crotch still had dried jism on it, and there was a definite aroma of stale sweat and sex in the air.

"Grandpa's been rode hard and put away wet, wouldn't you say?"

Andrew nodded. "Did you notice anything else unusual about him?"

Toby gave his brother a confused look. "Like... ?"

"Like his cock and balls are shaved."

Toby's jaw dropped. "No! Really!? Like a porn star!? Holy shit!"

"You didn't notice?"

"No! Jesus!" Toby glanced back at the door. "Who do you think did it?"

"What the fuck are you talking about? Who the fuck do you think did it?"

"No, asshole, him or grandma?" replied Toby.

Andrew's eyes opened at this. "I have no idea. Nobody, but nobody, is going near my package with a razor blade, I can tell you that!"

"No shit!" Toby glanced back at the door to the hallway. "It's good to know that when I get to that age I'll be able to do more than just write my name in the snow, you know?" Andrew nodded pleasantly as he pulled clothing from his dresser. "Say, did you notice something different about Grandma and Nana earlier?" asked Toby.

"Yeah, but what?" agreed Andrew.

"I don't know, but something is up. I wonder ... I mean, somebody had to put Grandpa in that condition, and it wasn't you and me."

Andrew eyed his brother speculatively. "Okay, so Grandma was taking care of business with Grandpa. Nothing unusual about that."

"Yeah, but Grandpa looks like he is sleeping off party night at the Playboy Mansion. He really got his rocks off earlier. And did you notice Mom and Grandma and Nana? They changed clothes since this morning."

"You're right."

"And they aren't wearing bras. They did this morning, all three of them. And not now, all three of them."

"Are you saying that all three of them did Grandpa?" asked Andrew.

Toby shrugged. "I have no idea."

"Are you sure about the bra thing?"

Another shrug. "Hey buddy, when they were hugging me, I ran my hand up their backs, automatically, you know. No straps or nothing. Besides, when we came in, the headlights were on, high beams, too."

"So what happens now?" asked Andrew.

"I have no fucking idea. It almost makes me wonder if they have something planned for tonight. What do we do?"

Andrew scratched his head. He surveyed the clothing in his hands and tossed his underwear back in the drawer, along with the t-shirt he was planning on putting on. Instead, he pulled on a pair of cargo shorts commando style, and then pulled out of the closet a brightly colored Hawaiian print shirt. "Listen, if they want to start something, go for it. Don't tell me you wouldn't do them, either one."

"Yeah, okay, they're pretty good looking. I mean, Nana, she has got one hell of a rack, almost like Mom's, and that ass, mmmm, you know PopPop had to be tapping that!" said Toby.

Andrew nodded in agreement. "I'd do Grandma, too. She's got BJ lips if ever a woman did!"

"Okay, let's just see what develops. I'll go put on a shirt, too." He pulled on his own shorts and wandered back out into the hallway. He heard movement from inside his bedroom so he knocked on the door. "Grandpa, you up?"

"Come on in."

Toby opened the door and entered inside, while Andrew leaned against the door frame. "Hi, Grandpa."

Bill was inside buttoning a pair of shorts. "This is a real pain, huh?"

"It's okay. I usually end up bunking with him when people visit." replied Toby. "I just need a shirt."

"That's okay. I'm going to take a quick shower and get dressed for dinner myself." Bare-chested he headed out the door to the bathroom, leaving his grandsons behind.

Toby just grinned at his brother. "I think tonight might just be very interesting. Let's see what happens."

Dinner was quiet, but there was a definite undercurrent of sexual tension. Neither boy completely understood it, but it was present. It was obvious by the end of dinner that none of the three women were wearing brassieres, and depending on how they sat, cameltoes could be glimpsed through their running shorts. Further, their grandfather made a few risqué comments and double-entendres that got laughs from the women without any complaints.

After dinner, the six of them went into the living room and watched a movie on CineMax. Ever since the beginning of the summer, after their first drive by Marsven Hill, Jessica had increased their cable service to include several more of the premium channels, including all those that offered the more 'mature' films. Tonight's' was no different, with a first showing with a lot of jiggling and giggling, followed by a second movie with full frontal nudity. The two grandmothers sat on the couch next to their grandsons, and both teens could feel the warmth radiating from the two women.

At eleven, Jessica announced she was tired and was heading up to bed. A moment later Bill followed suit. Only Molly, Sarah, Toby, and Andrew were left in the living room, with the drapes drawn shut and the lights dimmed. Another movie was coming on, with even more explicit warnings, and Toby glanced over at his brother, one eyebrow raised. Andrew gave a subtle shrug.

"This looks interesting." commented Molly. The opening credits were running, and a number of pictures of girls in bikinis operating a diner were flashing through the credits.

"Let's watch this." agreed Sarah, laying her hand on Toby's thigh.

Toby almost jumped at the overt touch, but simply glanced at his brother and nodded. "Okay by me." He looked back down and felt his grandmother running her fingers along his leg seductively. His breath caught in his throat and he couldn't say any more.

Andrew nodded as Molly ran a fingernail along his upper arm. "Sure, why not!?"

Molly and Sarah giggled and snuggled up next to the boys, draping themselves over the teens as the movie began. The plot of the film was as thin as the outfits the actresses wore. A small town diner was slowly going out of business, so the owner told his niece and her college roommates about the problem. They decided to rebrand themselves as a Hooters type restaurant, with the waitresses in bikinis. The waitresses quickly fell in love and in bed with the cook and dishwashers, an evil competitor from across town tried to put them out of business, and the restaurant went topless almost immediately.

Things began to get very interesting about halfway through the film, when one spectacularly bosomed blonde lost her bikini top while serving the lunch special. Molly laughed and said "Wow! That's quite the rack on that girl!"

Sarah replied "Well, I suppose. You're in pretty good shape. Are yours that big?"

"No, not hardly. See?" So saying, both Toby and Andrew stared as their grandmother pulled her t-shirt up, exposing herself to the rest of the group. Their eyes opened wide, as she continued on. "See? I'm a C cup, which is pretty nice, but that girl has at least a cup or two on me. I think you're closer, don't you?"

"Well, maybe." Sarah pulled the straps on her tank top down, peeling it down her arms so that it was wrapped around her waist. Now everyone's eyes were on her chest, where her breasts stood large and proud, if a touch heavy. "I'm a large D cup, but I'm not quite in the shape that girl is. I'm sagging a bit, huh, boys?"

"Uh, they look fine to me, NaNa." answered Toby, with a dry mouth. Andrew simply nodded agreement. Neither boy noticed Molly pulling her t-shirt off and tossing it aside.

Sarah smiled and glanced at the television. A simulated blow job was on the screen, though nothing explicit was showing. She glanced down at Toby's lap, where a rather large erection was beginning to tent his pants. "Well, my tits might not be as large as hers, but I bet I can do that better." She grasped her grandson's cock through his shorts and felt it pulse pleasantly at her touch.

"Same here. I bet I've sucked a lot more cocks than that girl." agreed Molly. She was groping and fondling Andrew's cock through his shorts as well.

"I do my best work with a big cock. I want something that challenges me and makes me work for it." replied Sarah. With that, she undid Toby's shorts and pulled his zipper down. His stiff prick lifted out of its confinement and filled her hand. "Like this one. This is just the kind of cock I like to suck on."

Molly pulled Andrew's cock out of his pants and practically purred at the sight. "You swallow, of course?"

"Of course!"

"Then let's show these two the benefits of years of experience, and then we can teach them a few things afterwards." She dropped her head to Andrew's lap and began licking his cockhead, eliciting a low murmur of contentment from the boy.

"Mmmmm..." agreed Sarah, further response cut off by the fact that she had Toby's cock between her lips. She began to slowly bob her head up and down, while suctioning his cockhead as her tongue swirled around the tip. Toby groaned appreciatively.

Molly decided to shift around. Sliding down to the floor, she tugged Andrew's shorts off and crawled between his legs. She continued to concentrate on licking him all over, working on his head, shaft, and balls, as she used her hands to jerk him off and fondle his nut sac. Andrew luxuriated in the feel, but wanted more. "Come on, Grandma, suck my cock and make me come. I want to come in your mouth!" Molly giggled and repositioned herself, and took him in deep. Moments later Andrew felt his cock at the back of her throat, being tickled by her swallowing reflex, and he gasped. "Sweet Jesus, yes!" he exclaimed, and laid his hands in her hair. "Just like that!"

Sarah wasn't about to be bested. She began deep throating Toby, and reached down into his shorts to cup his balls. An extended finger grazed beneath them, probing towards his asshole. Toby groaned and ran his fingers through her hair as well. "I'm so close ... I'm going to come in your mouth ... swallow my come!" Toby groaned again and then gave in. He slumped back against the cushions even as his cock spasmed and his nuts pumped his jism into his grandmother's mouth. Sarah never stopped sucking, and she pumped his shaft until he was dry.

Andrew was only seconds behind his brother, filling Molly's mouth with an amount of come that surprised her. Several trickles ran down the side of his cock and she was forced to lick him clean afterwards. Sitting back on her heels, she smiled and said "Delicious!"

"I'll bet you two are delicious, as well." he replied.

Toby nudged his brother. "You really have to try some of this action." he said, gesturing at Molly. "Beats the hell out of Candy Kane." Sarah grinned at this and laughed.

"Same here." answered his brother. "We should swap."

"And return the favor."

"How about doing both at the same time?" asked Sarah.

"Sixty-nine? Works for me." said Toby. He peeled off his t-shirt and stood up to shuck off his shorts. The others stripped naked as well.

Andrew lay back on the couch and motioned for Sarah to get into place. Andrew looked at her triangular tuft of pussy hair and commented "Looks delicious!" Then he was unable to say anything more as she lowered her muff onto his waiting lips. Moments later he felt her lips licking and suckling his cock back to life.

Seeing the couch occupied, Toby took Molly's hand and pulled her over to the carpet in front of the television. He tossed several throw pillows to the floor and then lay down, but Molly surprised him. Rather than get on top, she lay on her back, her head on a pillow, and said "I want you on top."

Toby eyed his grandmother curiously. "Really?" He sat upright and asked "Won't I, you know, suffocate you?"

Molly smiled and shook her head. "Not if we're careful. Why, had a girl complain about it that way?"

"Uh, yes and no. I've never done it that way, but I have had a girl tell me something like that happened to her. I've always been on the bottom, or side by side."

"Well, I like it on the bottom. As long as you don't try to ram it down my throat and smother me, I like the feeling of being under your control. For my birthday last year, your grandfather threw a party for me and invited a bunch of people. Then, after the party started, they stripped me down and tied me down on the floor and gangbanged me. It was just so incredibly amazing! Lots of guys face fucked me that way."

"Wow! Really? Well, I'm up for it. Lay back. Just sing out if there's a problem." Toby could already feel himself beginning to stiffen again, and as he carefully positioned him over her, his cock was already pointing towards her mouth. Molly's pussy was flushed red and moist and bare, and he dove his face into it. Molly squealed happily, and then he felt her lips capturing his cock and swallowing him inside. It was his turn to gasp, just before diving back to his task.

The sounds of oral copulation in the room drove all the participants to even higher levels of energy. Andrew's nibbling of Sarah's pussy lips and clit had her moaning happily, and her suctioning of his cock had him grunting loudly. This only acted to spur on Toby, who was vigorously fucking his cock down into Molly's throat even as he was eating her pussy. Her moans did manage to make it past the cock in her mouth, which simply egged on the others. Andrew and Sarah finished off a couple of minutes before the others, and they sat up to watch Toby and Molly come.

Toby collapsed and rolled off of his grandmother, and continued his roll onto his back. "That was some kind of shit!" he exclaimed. "Did you two work Grandpa over like this earlier?"

"Yeah, and was Mom in on that, too?" quizzed his brother.

"Your grandfather earned that nap." replied Sarah.

"The Viagra came in handy?" teased Andrew.

Molly laughed. "He doesn't need it yet, but we sure gave him a workout."

"So, are they upstairs doing this as well?" asked Toby.

Molly nodded. "Pretty much. We can all do a group grope tomorrow sometime. Tonight is just the four of us. You two boys get ready again, because we need some more action!"

Sarah lay back on the couch with her legs splayed. "If you want, we can do some sixty-nine of our own, while you two get your second winds."

Andrew glanced over at his brother, who nodded eagerly. "Actually, that sounds pretty neat."

"It's going to be a long night, bro." agreed Toby.
Chapter 17
Home - Top   Feedback to author


Home « rlfj's Page « Influence of the House of Incest Index « Previous - Settings
Chapter 17
Posted: October 15, 2009 - 08:10:11 pm
Updated: November 13, 2009 - 01:21:38 pm

"So, what's the plan for today for you two?" asked Jessica, looking at her sons. It was the morning after their grandmothers had worked over the teens and the two boys didn't look overly worse for the wear. They and their grandfather were sitting at the kitchen table as the three women made pancakes and puttered around the kitchen.

Andrew glanced over at Toby, who simply shrugged back at his brother. "Nothing much. I'm going over to Tracy's this afternoon, see what she's up to. We might hang out with some friends. Would it be a problem if I had dinner with her tonight?"

"Just call me and let me know. I trust you boys, but I want to know what you're up to and where." she replied. She looked at her older son. "And you? Any particular cheerleader you're blessing with your presence?"

Toby's brother and grandparents had a range of responses upon hearing this question. Andrew grinned and tried to keep from laughing, but both his grandmothers snorted derisively, and his grandfather laughed loudly. Toby blushed, and shook his head. "Nothing planned yet, Mom, but there's always hope. Maybe I'll go hang out at the mall and try to pick up two or three of them. I'll call you and give you a count."

Jessica simply rolled her eyes heavenward. "You just do that. That way I'll know just how many outraged fathers I'll have to deal with later on."

"So, Toby, can you do me a favor and drive me over to the camper this morning? I need to pick up a few things and I don't know where your grandfather's hidden it." asked Molly. She sat down at the table next to her grandson and laid a hand on his leg suggestively.

Toby's eyes widened at her touch. The three women had all showered and were all just wearing short robes and were going barefoot. He and his brother had pulled their clothes on from the previous night and had washed up, but otherwise were still dressed as they were during their mini-orgy. Only their grandfather had bathed and dressed properly so far. "Sure, Grandma. Just give me a chance to clean up after breakfast."

"How about you, Andrew? Could you help, too? I might need to bring a few things back."

"Uh..." Andrew couldn't figure out why he was needed for whatever this errand was, but he noticed his brother nodding to him. " ... yeah, sure, Grandma." He eyed Toby curiously, expecting an answer later.

"Great! Give me about ten minutes and I'll get dressed."

Toby and Andrew eyed each other and shrugged. "Okay, let us finish up and we'll get changed." said Toby.

It was closer to fifteen minutes before the two teens and their grandmother met in the living room, and the boys were surprised to see Molly holding a large plastic bag. "I need to drop this off in the camper and pick up a few things to take back." she said in explanation. "It shouldn't take too long. Besides, you boys weren't going to be doing anything until this afternoon, anyway."

Andrew nodded. "Okay by me. Let's go. Toby can drive."

His brother held up the car keys and smiled. "You get a choice, Grandma, back seat or death seat."

Molly snorted. "Why do I suspect there are bodily fluids in both places?" She went outside before either boy could protest their innocence.

The camper was still in its spot at the back of the empty lot behind the fire house. Molly climbed out of the car and led the boys to the front door. "I still can't believe this thing!" commented Andrew. "This thing is such a boat!"

Toby laughed. "Yeah, I don't know if I'm quite up to driving this around."

Molly smiled as she unlocked the door to the motor home. "That isn't actually a joke. It takes a special type of license to drive this. Your grandfather had to take a special class and go down to DMV and take a test. It's closer to a bus license than a regular driver's license." She climbed up inside and the boys followed. Once inside, she hit a button on the dashboard and the door shut with a quiet whoosh.

Andrew smiled. "It's not a bus, it's a yacht!"

"More like a cruise ship." agreed his brother.

Molly laughed at that. "Yes, and your grandfather is Captain Stubing and I'm your cruise director, Julie."

Toby gave his grandmother a blank look. "Huh?"

"You know, the Love Boat. Captain Stubing and Julie." replied Molly.

"Sorry, you've lost me." Toby glanced over at his brother, who seemed equally mystified.

"You know, the TV show, the Love Boat?" Molly eyed her grandsons curiously. Neither seemed to have the foggiest idea what she was talking about. "You mean you've never heard of The Love Boat? It was a TV series, about what went on onboard a cruise ship." Both boys shrugged in ignorance. "I thought it would be on Nick at Night or something." Molly tried to explain it for a moment before giving up. "Anyway, your grandfather is the captain, and I'm the entertainment director."

"And what does that consist of?" asked Andrew, trying unsuccessfully to hide a smirk.

"Oh, I entertain the captain!" chuckled his grandmother.

"Oh?" commented Toby with a smile.

She nodded. "That's sort of why we're here. I needed to drop some things off and pick up some other stuff."

"Like what?"

"Like underwear. I don't think I'm going to need any bras or panties, and I need to pick up a few skirts and leave behind my slacks and pants."

"Good choices." agreed her other grandson. "Anything we can do to help?"

"That's another reason I brought you over. You two can help me decide what to pack. Come on." She led the boys towards the back end of the motor home, into what was obviously the bedroom. It was small without being cramped, with a queen sized bed and a startling number of built in cabinets and closets. It even had a door to the small bathroom off the hallway, which consisted of a tiny shower unit, toilet, and sink/vanity. Once inside the bedroom, the two boys climbed onto the bed, as much to get out of the way as for any other purpose.

Molly dumped the contents of her bag on the bed between them. Much as she had commented, the contents were a hodgepodge of bras and panties, along with several pairs of shorts and slacks. She quickly put the items back into various drawers around the bedroom.

"What about what you're wearing?" asked Andrew.

Molly's eyes widened at that. "You're right, I almost forgot." She looked down at herself to notice that she had on a pair of khaki shorts. She quickly undid the front snap and unzipped them, and then peeled them off, leaving her in her bikini panties. She tossed them on the bed. "I'll take them back to the house and wash them."

"Bras and panties, too, Grandma!" urged a grinning Toby.

Molly smiled. Reaching up underneath her sports shirt, she unhooked her bra and then wiggled it off, pulling it out the armholes. Next she slipped off her panties and tugged the hem of her shirt down. It covered her ass and pussy, if just barely, and she tossed her underwear into the bag as well. "Better?" she asked.

"Getting there."

She snorted in laughter. "You wanted to know how I entertain the driver? This is my usual dress code while we're driving along, although sometimes I wear a nice pair of heels."

"And how does Grandpa manage to concentrate on his driving?" asked Toby.

"Sometimes he doesn't, so we have to pull off into a rest area so I can help him relax. That happens almost every day."

"Including the other day, when you were driving in?" quizzed Andrew.

She nodded. "You bet. I was dressed just like this, in fact, right up until we hit the rest area south of town. We pulled off, I gave your grandfather a fast blowjob, and then we both got dressed."

Molly pulled open a drawer in a small dresser next to the bed. "I think I'm going to take a few things over to the house as well, out of what we call the toy chest." She tossed a couple of vibrators onto the bed, along with a few DVDs.

Curious, Toby picked up one of the DVD cases, expecting to see porn, but they were obviously homemade, with handwritten labels consisting of a date and the notation 'Xmas 08'. He picked up the rest of the cases and found they all were homemade, with a date and some sort of description. "What are these?" he asked.

His grandmother gave him a big grin. "Home movies! Want to watch?" Before her grandson could even answer, she continued on, saying "Hold on, let me go crank up the generator." Naked except for her top, she padded down the hallway back to the driver's seat. Pushing a few buttons, she started up an auxiliary generator.

The boys were surprised at the quiet rumble of the generator starting up, but then lights flickered on and the camper seemed to subtly come alive. Molly came back into the bedroom and opened up a cabinet door at the foot of the bed, inside was a large flat screen television. She pushed a button on the console and turned it on, then took the DVD from Toby and pulled it from its case. It went into the attached DVD player. She grabbed the remote and climbed onto the bed between the two teens, shoving the bag with clothing onto the floor. She paused to strip off her top, leaving her naked, and then pointed the remote at the television and hit Play.

The screen flickered briefly as the DVD player whined and came up to speed. The boys were flanking their grandmother, though still dressed themselves, and eyed both her and the television curiously. Once the screen came alive, though, it was Toby who first commented. "Holy shit!"

Molly laughed loudly at this, and leaned back against the pillows propped up at the end of the bed... "I thought you might like this."

"What in the world?" asked an awestruck Andrew.

The DVD was showing three men, their grandfather and two other men as old as he was, sitting in matching armchairs in a semicircle. The three men were all naked and sporting stiff erections. Their grandmother was dressed in a porn Christmas costume consisting of a red Santa Claus hat, a red-and-white fuzzy bra and side-tie panty set, red fishnet stockings, and red ankle strapped high heels. She was doing a bump and grind in front of the three men while Eartha Kitt's Santa Baby played in the background. The camera was moving around, indicating at least one other person was in the room. The room itself looked like a living room, but it wasn't in a house either of the boys recognized.

"Wow!" agreed Toby. "You should be working a brass pole, Grandma!"

Their grandmother laughed at that. "I don't think so, sweetie. It's hard enough working those three poles!" The boys laughed at that, and she continued on. "Alright, now you two can get undressed, too."

The teens promptly stripped off their clothing, and lay back against the pillows with their grandmother. She took their cocks in her hands and began to slowly stroke them stiff.

"When did you do this?" asked Andrew. On the screen, Molly had pulled off her bra and panties, tossing them to the side, and was now dancing lewdly in front of the three men wearing nothing but her stockings, heels, and the Santa hat. All three men were jerking off to her, and the camera focused on each of their cocks in turn. Precome seemed to be drooling from all three. The camera turned back on Molly, who was now spreading her pussy lips and fingering her clit for the men.

"This was at a party we had last Christmas, out in Arizona with some friends."

"Very close friends, I guess."

"Very!" she agreed. She pointed at the people on the screen. "That's Jake on the right of your grandfather..."

"Our right or his right?" asked Toby.

"His right ... and that's Barry on the other side. Barry's wife Gwen is running the camera. Jake's a widower. We all got together over at Barry and Gwen's the weekend before Christmas. Jake usually joins in with them, but we have several other friends out there as well, some who live there permanently and some who move around the country like us. Oh, now this gets interesting!"

On the screen, the song had ended, and their grandmother wiggled her fingers at the men, calling them forward. Barry was first, and she had him lay down on the carpet. She got down with him and straddled his thighs, sitting down on him with his cock up her cunt. Next she had Jake move behind her. A tube of lubricant appeared from off screen and Jake knelt down behind Molly. The camera focused in on Jake lubing up his cock and spreading more on Molly's asshole, then panned back as Jake moved forward carefully. Molly moaned as Jake moved his cock into her ass, and she began moving between the two men. It was a different female voice who called for their grandfather to join in. He knelt down next to the others and began feeding his cock into his wife's mouth. He tossed her Santa hat to the side and the camera got a good shot of his cock balls deep in her mouth. Her moans were muted as the three men filled all her holes.

"Jesus!" commented Toby. He had actually joined in with his uncle and brother doing this to their mother once, but to see their kind and gentle grandmother on video doing it was a real rush. His cock was as hard as it had ever been, and Molly's stroking it wasn't the only reason.

"Yeah!" agreed his younger brother. "Un-fucking-real!"

Molly began describing the action on the screen. "It was sort of difficult to focus on your grandfather, what with everything else going on ... Barry is kind of short but thick, and Jake is long and slim, very easy to double team them..." The camera jiggled around a bit, and she commented "Gwen started getting carried away at this point. She was filming with one hand while the other was between her legs. She said it was hard to concentrate, it was so hot." The sound was low, but you could easily hear Gwen calling out instructions and suggestions, while the men told her what they were going to do to her next.

After about ten minutes of Molly being gang banged, one after the other of the men groaned and unloaded into her. First Bill pulled back and sprayed come on his wife's face, and then Barry and Jake groaned and began twitching, their cocks filling her pussy and ass with jism. Jake rolled off her and the threesome untangled, with Molly breathing heavily. She smiled at the camera, come smeared on her face, and crooked a finger at Gwen. "Give somebody else the camera and get over here and clean me up."

The camera jiggled again for a second and then went black. A split second later it was up again, but the scene had changed. Molly was on the floor kissing a woman, obviously Gwen, who was eagerly licking the come from her face. Gwen was a pleasantly plump redhead with a peaches-and-cream complexion and millions of freckles. After cleaning off Molly's face, she swiftly twisted around into a sixty-nine and began sucking her husband's jism from Molly's cunt. Molly gasped and began returning the favor. Barry must have been doing the filming now, since the only two men in the scene were Bill and Jake. Barry moved around, catching Molly and Gwen from several different angles, and then focused in as Bill knelt down by his wife's head. He was stroking his cock and as soon as it was stiff enough, he crawled forward and inserted himself into Gwen from behind.

Gwen gasped and whined loudly as Bill began pumping into her from behind while Molly licked her clit from below. Meanwhile, Jake was kneeling in front of her, stroking himself back to life and telling her that once Bill was finished, he was going to take his place and fuck her ass just like he had fucked Molly. Gwen moaned at this, a somewhat glazed expression to her face, and she didn't even pretend to return Molly's attentions. It took somewhat longer for Bill to pop his cork and blow another load off, but as soon as he was finished, Jake took his place and slipped into Gwen's rear. She began a low keening wail as she thrust back at him.

Molly slipped out from beneath Gwen as the camera jiggled. From the audio it became apparent that the camera had been given to Bill. He now tried to cover both couples, Jake and Gwen, and Molly and Barry. Molly and Barry were on a couch doing it missionary style while watching Gwen take it up the ass from Jake. It was too much for both couples. First Jake blew off in Gwen's ass, and then Barry came in Molly's pussy. Both women sagged downwards in exhaustion. After another moment the camera went off for good.

"Not quite the home movies you boys were expecting, huh?" commented Molly. She had a hand on both teen's cocks, stroking their stiffness as precome pulsed from the tips of their cockheads.

"Holy shit!" exclaimed Toby again.

"Yeah, what he said!" agreed his brother.

"God, Grandma, you need to help me here!" begged Toby. He knelt on the bed with his cock hear his grandmother's face and silently pleaded with her to suck his cock.

Molly simply smiled and twisted around to put his erection between her lips. Watching his grandmother beginning to suck off his brother, Andrew pushed a hand between her legs and began fingering her sopping wet cunt and clit. Molly gasped and turned towards him, and dove down onto Andrew's cock.

"Fine!" groused Toby. "I think I'll try something else!" He moved down on the bed and spooned up beside Molly. He raised her leg up from behind and positioned his cockhead at her greasy slit, and then pushed in, slamming his full length inside her in a single stroke. Molly moaned and cried out around the cock buried fully in her throat, but Toby ignored her. Grabbing her hips, he held his grandmother in place and began pumping his cock into her from behind. "Take it, Grandma, take it!"

Andrew grinned at his brother. His hands were in Molly's hair, holding her face to his crotch. "Yeah, fuck her bro! After we come, let's switch off!" Molly whimpered happily as she was assaulted by her grandsons.

"It ... won't be ... long!" gasped Toby. It was only a few minutes into the fuck session, but the movie had definitely primed both boys. "God ... any time ... oh, Jesus!" Toby slammed his hips back in and held on for dear life as his balls drained out his cock and into Molly's snatch. "Jizz her, man!" he gasped out to Andrew.

"Here it comes, Grandma!" His cock seemed to double in size in her mouth, and Molly held onto him, keeping him buried in her mouth, his cockhead at the back of her throat, as jets of cream spurted out. She began quickly swallowing his load, her fingers pulling at his balls and pumping his shaft dry. Andrew gurgled out a pleasant sigh and collapsed on the bed.

Molly stretched and sat up in the bed. Smiling lazily, she said "I bet you two weren't expecting this when I asked you to drive me over here."

Andrew laughed, and Toby grinned and said "Happy to be of service." He began fisting his prick, which hadn't softened all that much since pulling wetly out of her come soaked pussy, back to life. "Think you're up for seconds?"

"Honey, I'm always up for seconds. How about you, sweetie?" she asked, glancing over at Andrew.

Andrew had noticed his brother and had swiftly come back to life. "Yeah, but maybe not for sloppy seconds. Have any lube, Grandma?"

"Mmmmm! Absolutely!" Molly climbed off the bed and rummaged through a small built in drawer, before pulling out a tube of KY. She tossed it to Andrew and got back on the bed. She crawled over to where Toby was leaning back against the headboard, built against the side of the camper. "I'm still hungry. How about I swallow a nice load from you, too?"

"Help yourself, Grandma! Please, help yourself!" He gave his brother a thumbs-up as the threesome settled into position.

Molly moaned happily as she felt greasy fingers begin to work on her raised rear end. "After this, we can clean up some and head back to the house. You boys can wash up before your afternoon activities, and I can join Sarah and your Mom with Bill."

"Huh, what's with them?" asked Andrew. He was kneeling behind her, squirting KY on his cock and stroking himself. He squirted some more in the crack of Molly's ass and slipped a couple of fingers gently inside her. He moved closer, in preparation for replacing them with his cock.

"Oh, I bet they are doing exactly what we are doing now!" she replied. "Come on, baby, fuck my ass! Fuck my ass!"
Chapter 18
Home - Top   Feedback to author


Home « rlfj's Page « Influence of the House of Incest Index « Previous - Settings
Chapter 18
Posted: October 24, 2009 - 04:17:07 pm
Updated: November 13, 2009 - 01:21:38 pm

"So what did Mom need to take over to the camper?" asked Jessica, looking at Bill.

Her mother Sarah was sitting next to her sipping her coffee as her daughter's late husband's father sat across from them. Bill was still working on his breakfast, with a mouth full of food, so he didn't answer immediately. Sarah commented "It couldn't have been much. She only had a plastic grocery bag with her."

Bill swallowed and nodded. He wiped his mouth with his napkin before saying "It was just some underwear she won't be needing."

Jessica blushed as Sarah arched an eyebrow. "Really? So, when it's just you two, no underwear?"

Bill grinned. "Usually not. Heck, half the time when we're driving across country, she doesn't wear much more than a smile!"

"That must make the pit stops interesting." commented his daughter-in-law.

"It can." he agreed. "You ever heard the old saying, 'If the camper's rocking, don't bother knocking!'" The women snorted at this as he chuckled. "Afterwards, she'll pull something simple on if we're getting out of the camper and going inside."

"Just how simple?" asked Sarah.

Bill smiled. "Well, a skirt and top, or maybe a sundress, and some heels or sandals. After we get back on the road, it will probably be coming off again anyway. It definitely breaks the monotony of those long trips."

Jessica snorted again in laughter and stood up to begin clearing off the kitchen table.

Sarah got up and said to Jessica "If that's all she's going to be wearing, and that's all you're going to be wearing, I'm going to need to go shopping. I hadn't been planning anything like that."

Jessica nodded. "Maybe this afternoon, after Mom gets back, we can all go over to the mall. There's a few nice shops over there."

Sarah agreed and began helping with the dishes.

Bill leaned back and eyed the two women over the rim of his coffee cup. Both were wearing short satin robes. All three women that morning had put on robes, with Molly and Sarah borrowing them from Jessica. His daughter-in-law tended to use them as pool cover-ups and nightgowns in addition to their purported use as robes, so she had several, in different colors. However, since Jessica was slightly taller than her mother, as they stood beside each other, hers rose a little higher, and the cheeks of her delectable ass were flitting in and out of view as she moved around. Combined with the earlier conversation, he felt himself stiffening at the sight.

Smiling to himself, he set his coffee cup down and stood up, adjusting his erection in his shorts as he did so. He picked up his empty cup and took it over to the kitchen counter, but after setting it down, he moved up behind Jessica. Placing his hands on the counter on either side of her, he was pressed up against her from behind, and Jessica could feel his hardness through his shorts.

"Dad! Didn't you get enough last night?" she asked with a giggle.

"No such thing." he replied. He pushed himself forward, pressing her against the countertop as his cock strained to escape. He began rubbing himself against her from the rear, as his hands moved to hold her by the hips.

Jessica could feel the juices flowing. Her father-in-law had given her a couple of excellent fucks last night, while the boys were working over their grandmothers. Now, as she felt his long and thick cock pushing against the fabric of her pants and rubbing across the crack of her ass, she let out an involuntary moan. This only emboldened him, and she felt him pulling the hem of her robe up. "Dad, we can't ... not here..." she said weakly.

"Sure we can. I fuck Molly all the time like this. You just have to spread your legs some." he laughed.

"No ... the kitchen ... someone might see ... the boys ... oh, God..."

Her mother turned sideways to face them. Her hands went up to pull her daughter's robe open, exposing her full breasts to the sunlight pouring in through the kitchen window over the sink. "Don't be silly. Of course you can fuck like this." She ran her fingers over Jessica's tits, circling her engorged nipples.

"No ... the window..."

Jessica glanced out the window. The kitchen was on the back side of the house and faced the backyard and more than a few trees at the edge of the property. Nobody could possibly see them. She nodded at Bill and began pinching Jessica's nipples. "See what? You getting fucked like the slut you are? We all knew you were a slut anyway! What, did you think you and Andy were hiding anything from us all those years ago? We knew you were fucking him ragged back when you were dating. I bet he fucked you just like this."

"Uh ... uh ... no ... I mean..."

Bill pulled away slightly and Jessica could sense him undoing his shorts. Moments later his bare cock was nestled against her warm ass as he used one foot to move her own legs apart.

"You were such a little slut with him. You'd dress up like a slut before coming over and you'd go home smelling like come. When you came over, by the time you left the whole house would stink like you'd been fucking a dozen guys."

"No ... it wasn't ... not that way ... no ... oh, God!" Jessica moaned as Bill pushed her forward slightly, and then pushed his cock into her greasy pulsing slit from behind.

"It was just like that!" teased her mother, who continued to play with her daughter's tits. "Your father and I used to watch you. We could see you fooling around in the back yard or down the stairs in the family room. We'd keep the lights off and you wouldn't see us watching you suck his cock over and over."

Bill was slowly stroking his cock into Jessica's pussy from behind, and was really getting turned on by Sarah's retelling of his son's exploits with his future daughter-in-law. It sounded an awful lot like what he and Molly had done together before they got married, though their parents had never caught on. Molly had become an excellent cocksucker long before their wedding. He began pumping into Jessica faster and harder, eliciting louder groans and moans from her.

"We even watched him fucking you. I can remember how you used to just bend over and beg for it. Remember, you'd just be kneeling there with him behind you, pumping away, while you squealed over and over, 'Fuck me, fuck me' fuck me!' Remember that?" She twisted and pulled her daughter's nipples. "Remember? Now say it again!" she ordered.

"Ungh..."

"Say it!" Sarah pulled on Jessica's nipples cruelly.

Bolts of lightening shot through Jessica, moving from her nipples to her clit and back. "Ungh ... Fuck me..." came out weakly.

"Louder!"

"Fuck me! Oh, Jesus, fuck me!" she begged, coming as her father-in-law plowed her greasy pussy from behind. "Fuck me! Fuck me! Fuck me!"

"You little slut!" Sarah bent down and began tonguing and licking Jessica's jiggling tits, occasionally nipping at her nipples, an action that would cause her daughter to whimper in pleasure.

It was becoming too much for Bill. Jessica's pussy was spasming in orgasm around his cock and his ability to hold off his own was diminishing. A minute later, as Sarah taunted and teased her daughter and sucked her nipples, Jessica gasped in another powerful come, and Bill lost control. Slamming his hips forward, he trapped her against the countertop and unloaded a night's worth of jism into her grasping cunt. One pulse, then a second, and then a third even more powerful shot his come into her, and then he sagged onto her back as his cock twitched out the remnants of his seed into her.

Bill stood there a few seconds longer, and then with his breathing under control, he pulled wetly out of her and stepped back. Jessica was half draped over the counter, having a hard time catching her breath, as Sarah hugged her and calmed her. Bill grabbed his shorts from the floor and pulled them back on.

"Wow! That looked pretty good!" commented Sarah, talking to Jessica.

Jessica straightened up and pulled her robe shut again, tying the belt around her waist. "Yeah, it was pretty wild. It must be your turn now." She glanced over at Bill and eyed him curiously.

"Well, give me a few minutes. I might just die trying, but what a way to go!"

Sarah grinned. "I think I'm going to want something a little more comfortable than the kitchen counter." She moved towards the hallway.

"What! I get nailed against the kitchen counter and you get the bed! Since when is that fair?"

Sarah laughed, stopping to face her daughter. "Age and guile beat youth and beauty every time, sweetheart! Come on, you can join in."

Bill chuckled. He had been quiet while fucking Jessica, leaving the talking to her mother. Like Sarah, he and Molly had known what the two kids were up to, way back when, and had enjoyed them voyeuristically as well. "You're still beautiful." he said, stepping aside to let the two women proceed out of the kitchen. He followed behind them as Sarah led the way up the stairs.

"Well, thank you! Just for that, I'll let you do unspeakable things with me."

"How unspeakable?"

"Amazingly unspeakable!" she replied. "In fact, I don't plan on speaking afterwards, because I want you to fuck me so hard I won't be able to talk!" Jessica rolled her eyes at that, but followed her mother into the master bedroom.

Bill stopped off in the hall bathroom once they got upstairs, so that by the time he got to Jessica's bedroom, the two women were already naked and reclining. Sarah was laying in the center of the bed, with Jessica at her side, already beginning to play with her mother's full tits. Sarah smiled blissfully as she watched Bill strip down. He climbed onto the bed next to her, sandwiching her with Jessica.

"Mom! I never knew you had your tits done!" commented Jessica, her fingers tracing a few tiny scars under Sarah's breasts. "When did you do this?"

Sarah's eyes opened at that. 'Oh, good heavens, that was ages ago. You never knew?"

"Mom, when would I have learned?

"Hmm, true. Well, it's been forever. They were my present on our tenth anniversary. You were just a little girl, barely walking."

Jessica gave her a stunned look. "Daddy gave you a boob job as a present? Was the present for you or for him?"

Sarah laughed loudly at that. "Well, to be fair, he always enjoyed unwrapping and playing with his presents, but it was actually my idea. I never really had nice boobs, I mean, not like you, and after you three kids came along, they were kind of saggy. I had been saving up some money, and so when your father asked if I wanted anything special for our anniversary, I told him. It really stunned him, I must admit."

"That must have been strange!" commented Jessica. She was using the tips of her fingers to lightly trace circles around her mother's full breasts.

Sarah nodded, even as her eyes fluttered from the bliss of her daughter's touch. "Well, I sent you kids over to my parents for the weekend, so your father and I could have a nice weekend by ourselves. We went out to dinner and had a few drinks, and then when we got home, we snuggled on the couch for a bit, and then I gave him a really nice blow job. Then, afterwards, we snuggled some more and I asked him."

"Getting him in a good mood, huh?" Jessica playfully pinched Sarah's nipples, causing the older woman to give her a startled glance.

"Well, yes, I suppose so. He had undone my blouse by then, anyway, so it was a good way to break the ice. The real surprise is what he said. He told me he had been saving a few bucks, too, and was thinking about buying a fishing boat. Instead, he'd pool our money and make sure I got a really nice job from a good doctor. That way there wouldn't be any scarring or marks. It seems like there is quite the range of quality in boob jobs!" Sarah laughed. "Then he told me what the price tag would be!"

"Oh? Daddy had his own charges?"

Sarah nodded again. "Anal sex, and lots of it, any time he wanted, from then on!"

"Oh my God! No!" Jessica stared at her mother.

"What is the surprise? That your father wanted to fuck my ass or that I hadn't done that yet?"

Jessica blinked at that. She had frequently been buttfucked by her husband, and since the beginning of the summer, by her sons and other family members. She had to think it over. "Now that you mention it, I don't know. Maybe because you hadn't done it that way before, but I think mostly that Daddy blackmailed you into it."

"It was more a matter of negotiation, not blackmail. Anyway, I had always turned him down — scared, I suppose — so I decided to go along. As soon as I agreed, your father ordered me to go upstairs and get undressed.

"Wow!"

"Yeah, he was pretty excited by the idea. He followed me upstairs and we both got undressed. I knelt down on the bed with my ass up in the air and tried to relax."

"I hope he didn't just ram away! That would have been painful as hell!" Jessica remembered a fumbled attempt in high school, which had almost completely turned her off of the idea.

"No, I think your dad was as nervous as I was. He got out the jar of Vaseline and greased everything up first, and went real slow. It only hurt at first, but once I got over the unusual feelings, I started getting into it. I came pretty hard that night, and even more the next day."

"The next day?"

Sarah giggled. "He liked it so much, we did it in the shower the next morning, and then again that night. By Sunday I was walking bowlegged anyway, from fucking so much, so everything was a little too sore anyway. We had to stop and I went home and picked you kids up, and rescued my folks!"

Jessica laughed at that. Her father had been an orphan, and she had never known his parents. Her mother's parents were long dead, but she could remember her brothers running them ragged years ago. "So I guess you liked it after all."

"Oh sure, once I got used to it. God knows it was pretty messy at first, until we figured out a few things, but I was pretty happy doing almost anything involving your father's cock."

"And since then?" asked Bill. He had been listening, fascinated, to the conversation, and his cock was painfully stiff as he snuggled up behind her.

"Oooh, somebody's getting turned on by this conversation!" commented Jessica. She rolled over and rooted around in her nightstand for a moment, returning with a small tube of lubricant. "Care to find out, Dad?"

Bill playfully nudged his cock up against Sarah. "Well?"

"I guess you're up for it, huh?" she replied with a giggle. "Sure, why not! Why don't you help, honey." she said to her daughter. Sarah brought her knee up and raised it, giving her daughter access both to her crotch and Bill's.

Jessica sat upright and popped the cap off the lube, to squirt some on her hand. Then she reached down between her mother's legs and wrapped her fingers around Bill's stiff cock. Bill groaned in appreciation. With her other fingers she touched the moist warmth of Sarah's pussy. Her mother moaned at this, and Jessica commented "Somebody else is pretty turned on, too." She used more lube on Sarah's asshole, and then tugged gently on Bill's cock, inviting him closer to Sarah. Taking his cock in her hand, she placed the spongy purple head at her mother's brown rosette and used her fingers to pry it open enough that Bill could push inside gently.

"Oh my God!" moaned Sarah She shuddered as her asshole was invaded.

Bill looked nervously at Jessica, but his daughter-in-law just smiled. Jilling her mother's clit vigorously, she ordered "Now, push it in, all the way! Fuck her ass, hard!" Bill slowly pushed in fully as Sarah whimpered happily.

"You are one hot bitch!" he whispered in her ear. He pulled almost completely out before stopping and pushing in again, somewhat faster.

Jessica kept her hands between their legs, diddling her mother's clit and stroking Bill's cock as it pistoned in and out of Sarah's rear. "That's it! She's an ass slut! Fuck her asshole!"

"Oh my God! Fuck my ass, fuck my ass!" begged Sarah.

"Don't come in her too fast. There's more on the way!" announced Jessica. She twisted around on the bed and opened the drawer to her nightstand. She fished out a rather large vibrator and waved it at the others. "I think we can really drive her crazy!"

"Oh my God!" exclaimed Sarah weakly. She wasn't sure if she could handle both her pussy and her asshole being split wide open!

Jessica squirted some lube over the head of the fake cock and used her fingers to spread her mother's pussy lips apart. Sarah instinctively pulled back, but that only served to drive Bill's cock even deeper into her ass. She moaned loudly as her daughter invaded her cunt with the oversized toy and then flipped the switch on. A low hum escaped her pussy and she began shivering as she lost any semblance of control over her orgasmic response.

"Tonight, we're going to lube her up and let you and the boys ass rape her over and over! It will be nothing but cock in her ass all night long!" Jessica described graphically how she and the others would tie Sarah down over an Ottoman, and how she and Molly would warm the boys up first.

Sarah was on an anal overload, listening to a favorite private fantasy being described. She could feel every fraction of an inch of Bill's thick cock sawing back and forth in her rectum and the sensations were unbelievably intense. The vibrator her daughter was pumping in her pussy was simply icing on the cake. She began shivering and shaking as she hit an orgasmic peak she hadn't been to in quite a while. It became too much for her partner, responding both to the rhythm of the vibrator through the thin barrier of flesh and Sarah's pulsing asshole, who erupted with a loud grunt, slamming forward and filling her bowels with his hot jism. The contractions wracking his cock were enough to drive her over the edge, and she screamed as she came.

Jessica grinned as both Sarah and Bill collapsed in exhaustion, his cock still trapped inside her ass. "That looked like fun! You'll have to return the favor some night."

Sarah opened an eye and stared at her daughter. She shifted enough so that Bill pulled loose from her. "Were you serious about tonight?" she asked.

"Maybe. Would that bother you? Or just turn you on?" teased Jessica.

Sarah climbed to her feet. "I need to clean up, and if that's the plan, later on, I'll really need to get clean, if you know what I mean."

Jessica got up off the bed and pointed her mother towards the master bath. "When we go out this afternoon, we'll pick up a few things."

"Don't forget, payback's a bitch!"

Jessica laughed at this. "Don't worry. The boys decided that Wednesday was 'Rape Jessica Day!' What's one more cock!?"

Bill rolled his eyes at this as the two women went into the bathroom. He grabbed his clothing and went down the hallway to the other bath. The evening might be very interesting!
Epilogue
Home - Top   Feedback to author


Home « rlfj's Page « Influence of the House of Incest Index « Previous - Settings
Epilogue
Posted: November 06, 2009 - 12:16:21 pm
Updated: November 13, 2009 - 01:21:38 pm

"Bye! Bye!" Jessica waved at the departing cars. One arm was comfortably around her eldest son's waist. Toby was also waving at his departing grandparents. Andrew Jr. was leaning against the railing on the front steps, waving as well. Both cars beeped their horns in response and then motored out of the development, with Bill and Molly in the lead. Once they were out of sight, Jessica turned and went inside, followed by her sons.

"I think I need a vacation from my vacation!" she commented. She plopped down on the sofa with an audible sigh. "I'm exhausted!"

Toby smiled as he eyed his mother. She was wearing a light print sundress, halter topped and knee length, and a pair of high heeled sandals. He also knew that was all she was wearing, since he had watched her dress that morning. "I think I know why you're exhausted." he commented. Andrew snickered slightly, though he tried to keep a straight face.

Jessica gave the two an acerbic look. "Don't you two start up with me! I happen to know what you've been doing, too."

'Of course you do, Mom. You were usually helping us do it!" commented her youngest. Toby laughed and gave his brother a high five and then collapsed onto the couch as well. Andrew dropped into an armchair and rolled his head on his shoulders bonelessly.

"Too bad we couldn't have gone with Grandma and Grandpa out to Phoenix. That sounded like fun." said Toby.

Jessica gave a snorting laugh at that. Her in-laws had invited the boys to travel with them in the camper for a week, and had said they would put them on a plane home in time for school. "That's all very well and good, but school starts in just another week and we need to do some shopping and getting ready. You two are just going to have to wait to join the rolling stud farm. Maybe next summer you can go with them for a bit."

Andrew grinned at that. "Mother, you think so ill of us! I'm shocked at the very notion!"

"Really, Mom, Grandma just wanted us to help out on the drive." agreed Toby.

"Oh, you two were going to drive the bus while your grandfather took care of your grandmother?"

"Mom, I'm too young to drive." replied an innocent looking Andrew.

"And I don't have the proper license." commented Toby.

"So we'd have to help out some other way." finished Andrew.

Jessica rolled her eyes at that. She had agreed that it had sounded like a lot of fun for the boys, and maybe even her as well. Having three studs at her beck and call was a good deal for Molly, and she had sweetened the deal by promising they'd be able to tap into their network of swinging seniors on the drive out. Still, it had been just too short a notice and there was too much to do before school started up again.

Sarah had made an interesting offer, however. If the Parnells wanted to, they could follow her home and stay with her a few days, and she would invite some of her friends over for a party. Helene and Harry Thomasen, she had admitted, were not the only couple she had partied with, and she thought her friends would be very welcoming towards Bill and Molly. She had made a couple of quick phone calls and given them a thumbs-up. Bill and Molly had quickly agreed, and Jessica had shaken her head in disbelieving amusement at the change in her mother.

Toby shifted over on the couch slightly, coming closer to Jessica, and laid a hand innocently on her leg. "So, did you have fun this week, Mom?" He gently rubbed her leg, slowly sliding his fingers under the hem of her dress and up her thigh.

Andrew noticed his brother's advances and got out of his armchair and sat on the other side of Jessica, sandwiching her. He put one hand on her knee, but the other went behind her back, to begin toying with the knot holding her halter top up.

Jessica smiled to herself. She might have been exhausted by the week's vacation, but it was a good exhaustion. After that first night, when Sarah had been 'raped' by the three men repeatedly, the next two nights had seen first Molly and then Jessica used by the others. The remaining days and nights had simply been a blur of bodies and orgasms. She was tired, but it was because of an incredible number of orgasms, one after the other, that had drained her and left her limp and happy.

Now it seemed more were on the way. "Don't you two ever get tired?" she asked. Toby's fingers were continuing their slow progression up her thigh, while Andrew was beginning to slowly tug the slip knot holding her halter top up. She could remember back to her teen years and how her boyfriends had been insatiable, but this seemed even beyond that.

"Impossible." said Toby.

"We're highly motivated." agreed Andrew. He began pulling on Jessica's thigh, pulling her legs apart. Toby's fingers slipped northward, to begin teasing her pussylips.

Jessica sighed contentedly. She really couldn't complain about the treatment she was receiving from her sons. She'd fuck them for an hour or so, and then take them out shopping, and then bring them back home for dinner and more sex. It seemed a marvelous way to spend the day.

She surprised her sons, however, by pulling away from them and standing up. They eyed her curiously until she said "This is a wonderful idea, boys, but let's go upstairs. I want a nice soft bed." She moved towards the stairs with her sons following.

Toby grinned at his brother. "I bet Aunt Terry doesn't say that to Kenny and Matt."

"I bet they'd like her to."

Jessica glanced over her shoulder. What are you two thinking about?" She climbed the stairs with her sons watching the sway of her hips under the thin material of the sundress. "What brought that idea up?"

Toby followed his mother into her bedroom and tugged the slipknot. Jessica's dress fell to the floor, and she kicked off her shoes. He pulled his shirt off and leaned against her dresser. Jessica still marveled at his well muscled physique. He shrugged. "I was just thinking about when they visit at Thanksgiving. She is such a pain in the ass. I wonder if she's getting enough from Uncle Bob, or if she's just a pain all the time."

Jessica lounged back on the bed eyeing her sons as they stripped down. Andrew was just as beautiful as his older brother, and both their cocks were gloriously erect. "Now, be nice. She is your aunt."

"Technically she's our step-aunt, I think. What was Uncle Bob thinking about when he married her?" commented her other son.

"Double D cups." answered Toby.

"Now boys, be nice." repeated Jessica, regardless of her own thoughts. Her brother, Bob, was a couple of years older than her brother Bill, and had a pair of twin thirteen year old boys from his first marriage. His first wife had been a serious flake and screwball, who had left when the boys had turned eight and wandered off to Hollywood to 'feed her muse.' The general thinking was that she had been heavily into recreational pharmaceuticals, up to and including LSD and magic mushrooms, and she was now spending time in a California jail cell. When he had found out, Bob had the divorce papers served to her in prison. Last year, still on the rebound, her brother had married a skinny blonde with big tits and a rather inflated sense of her own position in life.

"Really Mom, don't you remember their visit last year? After dropping off the twins, she wanted to stay in a hotel? What was that all about?" Andrew said.

Toby nodded. "Yeah, we're not good enough to stay with, but we are good enough for her stepchildren? What, is she the evil stepmother?"

"Maybe we need to teach Kenny and Matt how to handle her." laughed Andrew.

Jessica eyed her sons curiously at the thought. "Actually, that might not be a bad idea. I bet we could take them all over to the pond at Marsven Hill for a nature walk. I could teach the boys a few things, and you boys could teach your Aunt Terry how to be more... accommodating."

The young man pulled his spent cock from the inflamed pussy, leaving behind a trail of come and pussy juice. He smiled down at the sight of his partner's rear, and moved away, to be cleaned by his mother's mouth and revived for another go. No such care was given to the woman he had just fucked; instead his sisters moved closer, one on each side of her, to begin striking her again with their thin bamboo canes.

The woman had committed the cardinal sin of the house on Marsven Hill, by being sexually selfish. It was always about her, and never about others. She didn't like to give oral sex, but only to receive, and her favorite position was on her back, with somebody else giving her an orgasm. The other members of her large and extended family had noticed, and it was thought that she was young and inexperienced and would grow up, but even after being spoken to several times, she continued in her selfish ways. The others decided on an intervention.

The young teen was brought down to the basement of the mansion, though she wasn't told why. Once inside the closed and soundproofed room, her sisters pulled her towards a pillory that looked like an old fashioned stocks from the colonial period. Her head and hands were pulled through and the board was locked into place, confining her to the punishment, and then her minimal clothing was cut from her body. Then, as she cried and cursed, her sisters and female cousins selected light bamboo canes and began to lightly strike her naked flesh. The cuts were not severe, and no welts were raised, but there was pain, and it only increased as more of her flesh was reddened.

Finally, after she had begun crying and begging for release, the women stopped. The dungeon door was opened and the male members of the family were brought in. They were already naked, with large erections showing, and they were allowed to use her body for release. All three openings were used, without lubrication, because this was punishment. She was usually assaulted by two men at the same time, with one standing at her head, fucking his cock into her mouth, while the other stood at her rear, either raping her pussy or sodomizing her ass. The most horrifying part of the experience to the young girl was not the sex, but that even in these conditions she was enjoying it, orgasming along with the others.

After one of the men came in her, he would pull back and be revived by one of the women. The teen's sisters and cousins, and even her mother, were involved in her punishment. Meanwhile some of the girls would begin caning her again. Her rear was cherry red, but other areas, her large breasts hanging down, her distended nipples, even her shaved pussy, had received light blows from the bamboo. The men were not the only ones receiving sexual satisfaction from the victim. Often one of the women would position a stool at her head and place her pussy in the girl's face and force her to lick her to orgasm. Occasionally the woman would have already had sex with one of the men, leaving a cream pie to be cleaned up.

The house throbbed with a malevolent sexuality, reinforcing the sexual need of the young woman while training her in proper behavior. She would forever remember that it was always better to give than to receive, even with sex.

If anything, her sons' cocks looked even more inflamed at the mention of screwing their unpleasant aunt. Toby crawled onto the bed and settled himself in the center. He reached out and tugged Jessica into a reverse cowgirl position, so she was facing his feet, where Andrew was kneeling on the bed, preparing to face fuck her. "That actually sounds like a good idea. Between Uncle Bob, the boys, and us, we can make sure she is very accommodating by the end of the week."

Jessica smiled as she settled her pussy over her son's cock and leaned forward to begin working on Andrew's. It did indeed sound like a wonderful way to spend Thanksgiving. She would have to make some plans. This really was a wonderful way to live!
Your opinion is important:
Share with the others what you think about
"Influence of the House of Incest"
     
Switch to Expanded voting form
The End
View the Curse of The House of Incest Universe Universe
Posted: 2008-08-19
Last Modified: 2010-11-25 / 09:53:06 pm
Version: 1.20
Home - Top   Feedback to author

