 
Home | Richard King's Page « Jewel Index
Chapter 1
Posted: April 09, 2012 - 09:28:36 am
Updated: May 18, 2012 - 08:16:30 pm

My name is Joseph J Josephson.

Yes, my middle name is also Joseph! I even went by JJ as a kid, but I grew out of it, thank god! My older sister Jewel still calls me that, but only when we're alone. She's nice enough to keep it between us.

My Mom Julia, Dad John, Jewel and I all live together in Lincoln City, A little town on the west coast of Oregon with only 7,930 people. Prior to 1965, it was actually five separate communities; Delake, Oceanlake, Taft, Cutler City and Nelscott! The name Lincoln City was actually submitted by some local school kids, after it was determined using one of previous names would be too controversial!

We live less than a football field from the Pacific Ocean in what used to be Oceanlake. It's something of a tourist destination; our city slogan is "A Great Place to Try New Things!"

I turned 18 two days ago; Jewel is 19; my folks own, and run a craft supply house called Oceanlake Craft Store (OCS) in the Lincoln City Plaza, so they get up early every day, and come home late during the week. That leaves Jewel and me to fend for ourselves most of the time. We look out for each other ... we're good kids!

School let out a little over a week ago, so I sleep in a lot now, usually rolling out of bed at the crack of noon. When OCS gets really busy, Mom or Dad will call, and tell one or both of us to 'get our butts down to the store!' It doesn't happen as often any more, because they finally hired a guy named Stephen to help them out.

Jewel's in her second year, going to Oregon Coast Community College, which usually has about 2,200 students to it, at any one time. I'm a pretty smart guy, if I say so myself; I'm ready to go to OCCC starting in the fall myself, although I'll be a year behind Jewel.

Like I said, I'm 18. I've got blond hair, blue eyes, and due to being a runner on the track team, I'm reasonably fit! I tell myself that I'm ready for all the girls you're supposed to get when you're a high school athlete; only the girls don't seem to know that, yet. Nobody was pounding on my door!

Jewel's got blonde hair too, and blue eyes ... but hers are really pretty! She's truly 'blossomed' as they say. A few years back, she didn't have any tits to speak of — now she's got a really nice rack, possibly a full B or even a C cup.

She doesn't wear tight shirts and pants like the popular girls do; I'd call the stuff she wears conservative, nice blouses - when she wears a dress she is hot! I'd guess she doesn't really like all of the attention that her chest seems to get her these days! Our parents even mentioned to her that she'll 'never get a boyfriend' the way she dresses like a boy!

Yeah, a real sexy boy!

This is where I have to admit something personal about myself ... my sister turns me on, I mean really causes me to get erections just by her pretty smile! She doesn't know this; of course, I'm certainly not going to say anything ... I'm happy to keep lusting from afar!

I've been taking college level courses at my high school every chance I get. You could say I'm smart. The guys on the sports teams come to me, asking me for help in their classes. They offered me money to write their essays and term papers for them, but I thought that was beneath me.

Surprisingly, a lot of athletes don't get even the simplest math! I find myself with a half a dozen or so guys around me all the time, asking me to help with their math homework. They also offer to pay me, but I say no; not that I don't need the money; it just feels wrong doing it for the money. I felt satisfied when one of them told me he had aced a math test. There were regular high-fives amongst us.

I got a letter from OCCC in today's mail. It said that I could transfer to them, and become a sophomore, due to all of the classes I'd taken! That could mean I'd be in some of the same classes as my sister Jewel, but that might embarrass her, so I found her and went up to her to talk about it.

"Hey Jewel!"

"Hey, JJ!"

"You know that you're the only one who gets to call me that?"

"Yeah, I know. I think it's a cool nickname. I'd like to have a cool nickname too! You're a smart guy! Think of one for me, and let me know what you've got?"

"Sure, Jewel ... uhm, I got a letter from OCCC."

"Excellent! So you're going to start there in the fall?"

"Yeah ... that's kind of the problem. My letter from them says I qualify to enter OCCC as a sophomore! We could end up having classes together! I don't want to cramp your style, or weird you out! I'll just enter as a freshman, OK!"

"Wow, JJ! That's awesome! I knew you were smart, but wow ... and that's so sweet, thinking of your big sister, and worried I'll be creeped out with having you in a class with me. I'd be proud to have my little brother in any and all of my classes. You can protect me from all of those jocks that I seem to attract!"

She gave me a hug, along with a kiss on the cheek and she said, "See you later, JJ. I'm going out with some friends!"

"Bye, gorgeous!" I said.

Turning slowly back to me, she said, "What did you just call me?"

I blushed and repeated myself, "Gorgeous!"

Take a deep breath, dude!

"I think ... you're gorgeous, Jewel! The prettiest girl I know, and probably will ever know," I said all of that out loud -- Shit!

She broke into a wonderful smile saying, "You think I'm pretty, JJ? How long have you thought I was gorgeous? Since I grew these?" she said pointing at her tits.

In for a penny, in for a pound, "No, actually Jewel, I've thought you were beautiful since you were 13 years old and I was 12. I just never expressed myself, because I figured it would creep you out, knowing that your little brother liked you."

"Oh, you like me, and you think I'm pretty? Isn't that just the cutest thing?" she giggled.

"I'd better go, Jewel."

I ran to my room and shut my door, not believing that I'd just said those things to her! God, you stupid fuck, Joseph! Stupid — stupid — stupid, with a big capital S! I know I shocked her, probably scared her a little too! That's the last thing I wanted to do ... I wanted to hold her, kiss her, and touch her!

Stop it Joseph! Thoughts like those will get you kicked out of the house, and you'll end up homeless somewhere! Calm down - Just calm down!

I found myself walking through town, not really going anywhere in particular, when I heard a voice yell, "Joseph!" I looked around and it was Mom, coming out of the craft store! "What's wrong Joseph? You look like you've lost your best friend!"

"Hey Mom! I accidently said something to Jewel, that ... that, she took the wrong way! I realized the second it came out of my mouth it was stupid, but I couldn't stop it in time!" I said, avoiding specifics.

"Well, I won't ask you what you said to her, but I'll tell you, that when talking to a girl, whether she's your sister, or somebody else's sister, to always be honest, gentle and kind. That's what us girls like! We want the people in our lives to be honest, gentle and kind. You two will work this out - you always do!"

"Thanks Mom, I appreciate that! I got a letter from OCCC, and they want me to start this next fall as a sophomore!"

"That's great, honey! Was that what upset Jewel?"

I thought to myself that if I lie, it will come back to me somehow, but I couldn't bring myself to tell my mother that I'm in love with my sister! "Partly," I said, not explaining any further!

"Well, I've got to get back inside ... toodles!" She gave me a peck on the cheek and headed back inside OCS.

I needed to talk to Jewel before she has a chance to get too mad at me. I've got to find her soon, so I started walking towards that part of downtown where the kids hang out! After poking my head into a half a dozen places, I found her! She was surrounded by a bunch of girls, and a couple of guys.

I caught her eye! She motioned for me to come in. I shook my head no, and motioned for her to come out. She must've thought about it, but shook her head no! I'm really into it up to my neck!

I wandered around for an hour or so, not really heading anywhere, but I couldn't get Jewel out of my mind.

She's so pretty and likeable, but she's your sister.

She's got a smile that lights up any room she walks into, but she's your sister.

She's got the cutest smile and a nice butt, but she's your sister!

What the hell do I do about this? What would I do, if she weren't my sister? Hmmmm.

A light bulb just went off in my head!

I ran to the florist and purchased a single red rose, and started walking back towards where I last saw my sister! I encountered my Mom again.

She saw the rose and smiled, "Perfect, Joseph! Roses are always good when you need to make up with somebody!" She gave me a peck on the cheek and a slap on the shoulder, saying, "Go get her, honey!" If she only knew what she was encouraging me to do!

I went back to the place Jewel had been hanging out, and it looked like everybody was still there. Buck it up, Joe! She'll love it!

I took a real deep breath, and I walked in, and as I walked towards the group, they just ... sort of parted, and I walked right up to Jewel, and said, "I'm sorry Jewel! I apologize for what I said to you. Here's something to show you how much I care about you!"

I'd caught her flat-footed. All of the girls oohed and awed, while the guys sort of just - looked at me. I looked her straight into the eyes, fighting my immediate impulse to just grab her and kiss her!

I smiled at her ... and walked away!

"Wait, Joseph!" She'd followed me out of the place! "Walk with me, JJ!" She'd grabbed my arm and put hers through it. That felt nice! We just walked for a couple of minutes. I felt her lean into my shoulder. "Nobody's ever given me a red rose before, JJ. You know what a red rose means?"

"I got it for you because I was ashamed of what I'd said to you, and I wanted you to know how sorry I am, that I said it! I just got the red rose, because it was so beautiful, just like you. Damn it -- I'm sorry Jewel! I did it again!"

"You don't have to apologize when you say you think I'm beautiful, JJ. It's quite the compliment coming from my studly little brother!"

"Oh, stop it, Jewel. I'm no stud!" I responded laughing it off.

"My girl-pals all think you're the bomb ... really! They're always asking me, if you're dating anyone ... or, if you and I had ever ... made out. They want to know how good a kisser you are, so I told them, I'd have to get back to them!" she blushed.

"Are you saying, what ... I think you're saying, Jewel?" I was fishing, but there's always hope.

"What! That I'm hopelessly in love with my little brother!" she," said shocking me to my core.

She continued, "Yes, I am, and I'm as ashamed of it as you are! Not ashamed of being in love with you, but that I'd never told you about it, until now! By the way, that rose you gave me was actually cardinal red, and that means 'desire!' Do you desire me, JJ? Do I make you ... hard? What do you want to do to me, right now, JJ? Tell me! Please, tell me!"

We'd been walking, all during this conversation ... towards our home! We were only a block from home, when Jewel started turning me on with all of her questions! I put my finger to my lips, and we headed for our empty house!

I locked the door behind us, and we walked up to my bedroom, locking it as well! I sat Jewel on my bed, and we continued our conversation.

Putting my arms on her shoulders holding her by her neck, and pulling her to me I said, "Do you really want to know, what I want to do to you? How I truly feel around you? If you make me hard?"

I could barely hear her say, "Yes, Joseph! Please ... tell me!"

"How about I show you then, Jewel!"

I took my arms off her shoulders and I quietly started unbuttoning my shirt, taking it off, then I unbuckled my belt and took off my jeans. I then started to unbutton her shirt, expecting her to possibly slap me away ... but she never did! Oohh! I felt her trembling beneath my shaking fingers.

I took off her blouse and all she had on underneath it was a bikini-style brassiere. She subconsciously covered herself as I started to unzip her jeans. I got down on my knees and pulled them down, looking at her opaque blue panties. I took her jeans all the way off and I stood back up.

Now, we're standing in front of each other, me in my t-shirt and boxers, and my beautiful sister in her bra and panties. I grew hard, and she noticed, actually licking her lips a little.

I walked up and put my hands on her face! I leaned in ... so did she, and we kissed! I think we both had our eyes closed during this kiss, and I heard a sound from Jewel that sounded like a kitten purring.

"That was a real nice kiss, Joseph! That was the most tender kiss, I've ever gotten from any boy ever!"

"J, that was the most erotic kiss I've ever given or received! I can't express how I feel right now, but I can show you, if you'd like?"

"J? — I like that. I've decided that JJ isn't appropriate for you anymore, since we've expressed these feelings! I'm going back to Joseph, for my brother, whom I love!"

"Love?" I said anxiously. "You love me, like a girl loves a boy?"

"Like a woman loves a man, Joseph! Would you please ... love me?"

"Oh, J — I'll love you like no man has ever loved a woman before! Are you safe? I have condoms!"

"I'm completely safe, Joseph. Make love to me, please?"

I started to kiss her again, this time I moved my hands to her back to unhook her brassiere, and it fell away! She reached over and then removed my t-shirt, and now we were naked chest to naked chest, up against each other.

Her breasts felt so good on mine! Our lips had separated and we stepped back, and each removed our last few garments of clothing.

She looked down at my dick and grabbed it, as I put my hand on her breast. We both shuddered a bit!

The phone rang! Damn!

I pushed the button to put whoever it was on speakerphone.

"Hello?" I said rather curtly.

"Joseph!" it was Mom — Perfect!

"Yeah, Mom!" I said, looking deep into Jewel's blue eyes.

"Is Jewel with you?" I put my finger to her lips, to keep her quiet.

"Yeah, Mom!" I moved an inch from Jewel's face, with both of my hands now on her breasts and her hand was gripping my dick quite tightly.

"We've gotten really busy, and we could use both of you, down at the store ASAP!"

"Sure Mom, I'll tell Jewel and we'll be there as quick as we can."

"Thanks, Joseph — Bye!"

"Damn!" I said as I hung up the phone.

"Mom needs us!" said Jewel, not letting go of me.

"Not as much as I need you, Jewel!" I said.

"Can we finish this, soon, J?" I said, grabbing her butt cheeks in my hands for a split second.

"Yeah, Joseph — real soon!"

We both got dressed, kissing one last time, before running to the store, holding hands as we walked in the door of the store.

Mom said, "Thanks, kids! I'm sorry I interrupted whatever it was you were doing! It looks like you two have made up! Did you like the rose, Jewel?"

Jewel turned her head to me and said, "I loved it Mom; Joseph means so much to me. It's nice to have a brother who cares so much."

"He does care for you ... I can see it in his face, when he looks at you dear! You'd be hard-pressed to find a boyfriend who loves you as much, as I know Joseph loves you."

Jewel and I looked at each other and wondered ... just how much our mother could tell about our true feelings!

"You two fix the displays that have been gone through, please. And get those stupid grins off your faces ... there's work to be done!"

After we all came home together, due to the busy day at the store, Mom yelled, "I'm calling for pizza, OK everybody?"

You could hear everyone's response like we were in the military, 'Yup, ' 'Yes, ' and 'Hell, Yes.' That last one was my Dad, who often got away with a smattering of off-color humor. I knew that my Mom probably glared at him after he had said it.

Jewel and I went up to our rooms. I laid down on my bed thinking about everything that had happened today. I heard Jewel in the bathroom, puttering around probably getting ready to take a shower. Yes, just as I thought it, the water turned on. I know my sister!

I know my sister, but I started asking myself, exactly what would have happened ... if Mom hadn't called just then? I could've not answered the phone, assuming it was Mom or Dad, but I couldn't do that. Damn my parents for making me so responsible! I really need to have a talk with them about that.

I also need to have a talk with Jewel. I was scared and worried that she might be having regrets over what we both did, and what we almost did. I don't think I would've regretted making love to her. Making love ... even what we call it sounds so wonderful!

I know I wanted to make love to her before everything happened today, but now it ... could actually happen; it could actually happen! What if it does happen? Then what? Do we tell anybody? How do we keep from being caught? What about what Mom said to us? 'I know Joseph loves you!'

The water stopped. I was expecting Jewel in my room any minute because I knew she would want to talk about this. She walked in with only her towel on, and said, in a cute voice, "Joseph, do you think I'm pretty?" and then dropped her towel. She was completely naked.

After taking her all in for about five seconds, I looked her straight in her eyes, which wasn't exactly the easiest thing to do, and whispered to her, "Jewel, what're you doing? Mom or Dad could come up here and we couldn't possibly explain why you're naked in my room!"

She just looked at me, like she didn't hear what I'd said to her and took a step closer to me.

"Yes! I think you're pretty. I told you that I thought you were beautiful, and that I love you, but come on ... put the towel back on, before you give me a heart attack, OK?"

"OK, Joseph — I'm only making sure that you remember what you told me earlier today. I'm going to hold you to it ... all of it. Don't masturbate tonight, OK Joseph? Wait for me after everybody goes to bed. I've been waiting for you ... I'm still a virgin!" she smiled at me, and picked up her towel, dragging it behind her. What a nice ass!

Her 20 or so seconds of nakedness caused me to get a pretty good erection going in my pants. I wasn't sure if I could keep from pulling myself. She's a virgin, and has been waiting for me? How the hell was I supposed to know that? I put my hand on my dick to wack off, but she said not to! I guess she's as hot for me as I am for her?

"PIZZA'S HERE!"

The dulcet tones of our mother permeated the house.

"OK, Mom — couldn't you have yelled louder. I don't think all of our neighbors heard you," I heard Jewel say. That made me laugh. Her sense of humor was just one of the things that I loved about her. My Mom and Dad sure got it right when they named her; she's a jewel!

As I was walking slowly down the stairs to get to the kitchen, Jewel came up behind me, and slapped me on the butt, "Move it, JJ; I'm hungry ... for some pizza ... what are you hungry for?" That last part she whispered in my ear. I slowed down on purpose to see what she would do; she walked by me and hip-blocked me to the ground.

My Mom saw this and said, "Jewel, don't beat up your brother ... he did give you that beautiful red rose today! Did you two kiss and make up, from whatever it was that happened?"

I looked over at Jewel, looking directly into her magnificent eyes saying, "Mom, I told her that I loved her, and all she did was beat me up. If that isn't love I don't know what is! Sis, you want to kiss and make up?" Jewel turned and looked at me like 'I can't believe you said that!'

She walked up to me and we were face-to-face, as close as before, but we were in front of our parents.

I'd sat down first and Jewel sat in my lap, trying to take the pizza from me. It was harmless fun, but I got a little turned on during it, and I knew Jewel could tell from the look she just gave me. I took a piece of pizza and put one end of it in my mouth and she put the other end of it in her mouth.

We ate it without using our hands, but hadn't thought it through because, when we got a bite from each other, we realized that our folks were watching, so we bit down and separated just before our lips touched.

My Mom said, "Isn't that so sweet, just like Lady and the Tramp."

"Are you My Tramp, Joseph?" Jewel said.

"Only if you'll be My Lady?" I responded, with her eyes widening at my boldness.

My Dad responded, "If my sister Joan had looked as good as my daughter Jewel, I might have tried that one myself Joseph."

Of course, this remark caused my Mom to hit my Dad on the back of the head, and he apologized to both Mom and Jewel. If I'd been closer to him, I would've tried to give him a high-five.

"I'm not too heavy for you, am I Joseph?" my sister said, still sitting on my lap. "I wouldn't want to break any little thing of yours." I blushed. She winked.

"Jewel!" my mother responded with a little chuckle.

"Let's try this again, Jewel, a game of chicken?" I reached for another piece of pizza, this time I tore it so it was easier for us to eat, and I put one end in her mouth, and the other in mine. She turned to straddle me, and we both ate the piece as slowly as we could, because whoever made first lip contact would ... lose?

My parents thought this was cute enough to try it on their own, so they quickly disregarded us. It was agonizing, how slow we were going. Mom had turned and straddled Dad, so Jewel and her father were back to back across the table, while my Mom and I actually made a little eye contact.

She saw how slow I was going, while she and Dad were moving quite a bit faster. As Jewel's face came closer to mine, I could hear little grunts from her. I probably moaned a little myself, but I'm quite certain my Mom and Dad couldn't hear anything. I decided to take a big bite to see if Jewel would try to 'score!'

Not that bite ... she was sort of biting in place, trying not to make progress. She was getting a little heavy on my lap and I'm certain I had a full-fledged erection, so I decided to take the final bite, which caused considerable lip contact.

Jewel was surprised by this and kissed me back at first, then realized we were practically making out in front of our parents. She got off my lap and turned around, helping to hide my erection from Mom and Dad.

"That's a fun game, isn't it, Joseph?" she smiled, devilishly.

"Yeah, Jewel!" Lots a fun!

My folks had all but ignored us, and were making out rather heavily, when Jewel said, "Get a room, guys!" That broke them up. My father had lipstick all over his face and Mom was fixing her hair, but she stayed on his lap.

"That is quite an interesting little game," mom said. "Well, we'll see you guys in the morning. We'll be coming up in a little bit."

My guess was that my Dad had a hard-on as well, but my Mom was 'covering' for him.

"Will you need us to work tomorrow, Mom?" I asked.

"No kids! Why don't you two go swimming or something. Keep your phone with you, but I think your father, Stephen and I can handle it."

Jewel and I went upstairs together, saying goodnight to our parents. I wonder if they were going to do it on the kitchen table so we couldn't hear them!

I was still up, listening to music on my IPod. I had mostly Broadway Musical Theatre music, all of the Glee music and a bit of country and some Christmas. I guess that makes me a Gleek and a nerd! I was humming along with Heather Morris' cover of Britney Spears 'I'm a Slave 4 U, ' damn Heather is so hot! I wouldn't mind putting my hands on those ta-ta's she's got behind that cheerleading outfit she's always wearing.

Jewel was a cheerleader in high school too. I started remembering the lucky snake in the Glee video, when there was a light knocking on my door. Maybe I'm about to have a dream sequence myself, and Heather is about to come through that door and all she has on is the snake ... I'm getting hard, open door ... open, open, open!

"Joseph," I heard my name being called and I started to put my hand down my pajama bottoms. "Take of those pants and fuck me, Joseph!"

"OK, Heather ... I will, I've never been with a girl before, but you're used to virgins, aren't you?"

"HEATHER, what the fuck are you talking about?" my sister said, as I was jolted out of my dream.

"Who the hell is Heather? I've never known a Heather? Are you stepping out on me, little brother? I'll leave you alone to your fantasies, if you'd like."

"Oooh, that blond bitch on Glee that you think is so hot ... my tits are bigger and nicer than hers. You want to find out for yourself, don't you?"

"Slow down, sis. Before we do anything, J, sit on my bed and let's talk a little. I think I want to do what you want to do, but what if we regret it, I love you as my sister so much ... if we make love ... it all changes, doesn't it?"

She started to cry, "Joseph, I know I've had these feelings for you for the last couple of years, and it seems you have them for me as well. I feel so much love for you and from you every time we're anywhere near each other. I'm willing to show my love for you, if you think you can handle all this," she said smiling, and pointing to her beautiful and bountiful, body.

"Damn it, Jewel. I am so hard for you right now. I've fought every impulse in my body, hoping this moment may come in my life ... but I love you too much to do this, just to make love to you. I think I am in love with you, and I don't know if I dare hope that our love could become more than just a physical thing." Now I'm crying.

Jewel got off the bed. I figured that I had put some sense into her head, but she had stripped all of her clothes off and crawled back into bed with me. She innocently brought her face over mine and said, "Fuck me, Joseph! I want to feel you bubbling up inside me. I'm on the pill ... have been for almost four years, just waiting for this moment between us to finally happen. Thank God you're 18 now. If I had tried this on Monday, it would have been rape, now it's only incest!"

"I'm not about to turn down as beautiful a girl as you, J!"

I reached under me and took off my boxers but kept them handy. I decided to get up and lock my door, just in case our folks came up looking for Jewel.

As I walked back over to the bed, just before I got in, Jewel asked, "Is that all for me, Joseph?"

"As much of him as you can take, J! Why don't you begin the events of the evening by giving me a blow job, I'll gladly return the favor when you're done."

"We could do a 69, Joseph?" Jewel said with a little pout.

"I know ... but I really want to enjoy, you enjoying me, J!"

She got under the covers and moved her body down until her mouth was directly over my dick. Actually it was hotter, not seeing what she was about to do. It added to the moment. I raised the sheets up to say, "Can you breath OK down there?" I heard a "Hell, yeah!" and she began.

The first thing I felt was her finger running up and down the front and back of my dick. She was using a wonderfully light touch and I realized I had gotten all the way hard with just a touch from her hand. Next, I felt her hitting herself with my dick, hitting herself in the face. I had seen this before in porn, but it's so different when it's happening to you.

Next, I felt her lick the underside with her tongue, which made my whole body twitch with excitement.

"JOSEPH, do you know where Jewel is? She's not in her room."

"MOM, don't come in. I'm naked ... She said she might go out with her girl-buddies, but said she'd be home by midnight!"

"OK, Joseph! Goodnight honey. I was worried about her."

"Don't worry Mom, she's a smart girl. She won't get into any trouble. She's too scared of you and Dad."

I felt teeth on my dick, and a muffled 'thank you' from under the covers. Jewel came up from below and covered me with her body and started kissing me. I love her so much. While I was kissing her, she took my dick and pushed herself onto it. Before I realized what had happened, I'd taken my sister's virginity!

I threw the covers off of us and grabbed her and rolled over so I was on top. We kept ourselves connected through that move, and I started pushing into her all the way, but rather slowly. After about a minute of this, I thought I should pick up some speed. I was sucking her impressive tits at the same time I was fucking her.

Sorry Heather!

She'd started moaning a little too loud, so I moved my mouth from her tits to her mouth, making an incredible kiss that shook me from my lips to my toes, and all places in between. It also caused me to pick up some speed, and now I was slamming into my sister with almost breakneck speed. Damn! Whenever our mouths separated, one of us said, "I love you" to the other, all the while getting me very close to cumming inside her.

When I'd realized just how close I was, to dropping a load into my sister, that was when I said to Jewel, "I'm cumming — cumming — oh ... oh ... oh sis ... oh I can't stop cumming. I love you so much." I placed my hands on her breasts and kissed her so much, my lips were actually getting sore.

"Joseph — Joseph, sometime during all of that, I came ... at least four times. Thank you for being my first. I love you! Can we do all this again real soon? I don't want anybody else now, but I do want you as much as we can get away with. OK with you, Bro Jo?"

"Bro Jo? I think I like that, but only you can use it, so don't say it in front of Mom. She'll think it's cute and call me that too. She called me JJ for six months after you started doing it when I was younger."

"So, Bro Jo ... you want to take a shower and clean up, or do you just want to go to sleep?"

"Oh, Jewel ... as much as I would love to have you in my bed all night, that sounds way too risky, and I want to do this again and again and again. Here's the plan, I'm going to put my boxers on, and go knock on Mom and Dad's bedroom door. If they're awake, they'll wonder what I want."

"Then I'll tell them that you just came home. All the while you can get to your room and take a shower. Mom and Dad will think you're just taking your usual night-time shower, instead of washing your brothers cum off yourself."

"Oh, Joseph ... I always knew you were book-smart, but you're cum-smart as well!"

That made us both laugh as I pulled out of Jewel and put on my boxers.

"Oooh, you smell like sex, Bro Jo! You better clean yourself up a little before you go to Mom and Dad's bedroom."

"Thanks, J - I love you!" I went into my bathroom and cleaned myself up, putting on a little cologne to mask my scent. Jewel put some of her clothes back on and was ready to run to her room when I stepped out. I walked out of my room and knocked quietly on their door. I heard some odd sounds and then a "Yes, who is it?"

"It's Joseph, Mom! Just wanted to tell you that your precious little girl got home OK!"

"Thank you, sweetheart. You really are a wonderful brother to Jewel. I hope you two have fun tomorrow."

"We will, Mom. Don't worry about us. Go back to what you and Dad were doing. It's nice to know how much my parents love each other. It is Dad in there with you isn't it?" I couldn't resist.

My Dad is as much of a jokester as I am, so I heard, "You're married? Should I leave before your husband gets home?" Then I heard a loud slap on skin and then I left, seeing Jewel as she went through the door of her bedroom. She turned around and flashed her boobs at me, giggled and closed the door behind herself. I got myself back into my room and before I hit my sheets to go to sleep, I heard a shower start!
Chapter 2
Home | Top | Richard King's Page |   Feedback to author


 
Home | Richard King's Page « Jewel Index « Previous
Chapter 2
Posted: April 22, 2012 - 10:25:47 am
Updated: May 18, 2012 - 08:16:31 pm

I was having that same Heather Morris dream from the night before.

Suddenly she changed from Heather to Jewel, and the snake changed into a four-foot long hard plastic dildo. Now Heather was using the dildo on my sister, pushing it in her pussy, then in her ass, than back into her pussy.

Then Heather seemed to vanish and my door opened and Jewel was walking on an endless moving sidewalk that came to a doorway.

Then the doorway had silently opened and Jewel had on a pair of crotch-less panties and one of those bras where the entire breast is showing through an opening in the middle. Jewel then took off the bra and panties and silently climbed up on my bed. I was really starting to like this dream.

Now she was rubbing her tits against my mouth, and we both were moaning like the lovers that we've become. Then she stopped, and moved her dazzling body up on mine, stopping with her pussy right above my mouth, and ever so slowly she was dropping her moist ripe pussy just above my very ... dry lips.

And I woke up! And Jewel was indeed hanging her pink pussy above my mouth and dropped on top of me, I did what any red-blooded American brother would do ... I started sucking as if I was going to be killed by a firing squad in 60 seconds!

I heard Jewel moaning really loud ... I sure hoped the folks were gone, or we were going to be in a passel of trouble. I moved my mouth to her clit and nipped at it with the tip of my tongue, causing Jewel to fall forward and obviously have a most enjoyable orgasm right in my mouth.

My doorknob was rattling, "Joseph! Are you OK in there? You sound sick."

Gathering my wits I said, "No Dad, Jewel came in and started tickling me, waking me up and we both were laughing so hard, it probably sounded like we were having a seizure of some kind."

"Your Mother and I are off to work. Have fun, you guys. Keep your phone with you, wherever you go, please?"

Jewel had gotten it together enough to say, "Sure Dad, Bro J ... Joseph and I were going to the beach in a bit. Have a great day. Bye!"

I wanted to go back to sleep, but I knew Jewel wanted to go to the beach, so I got up and started a shower. Forgetting Jewel was in my bed, she came up to me and said, "Can I join you, Bro Jo? Somebody spit on my clit!"

I started to laugh, and so did she after she realized the way it sounded. We both got in the shower and Jewel asked, "Joseph, I want you all the time. What are we going to do about this? I want to hold your hand, Walk with you along the beach ... and fuck you so bad, it hurts."

"Who would it hurt? You or me," I replied.

"Funny man, aren't you?" She grabbed my dick. "I want this. I tossed and turned all night, wishing I was sleeping with you."

While I was listening to her I had soaped up my hair and was starting to shampoo, when Jewel took my hands away and took over shampooing my hair. It felt a little strange, having someone else wash my hair, but it went from strange to erotic rather quickly, and I reacted as expected.

Jewel noticed and said, "I'm washing him next, OK?" she giggled a little.

She put my head under the showerhead and rinsed the shampoo out. She took the body wash I used, and put it all over my chest, washing me and touching me. She leaned forward and kissed me. I am a lucky son-of-a-bitch, getting to take a shower with my knockout of a sister ... who wants only me to fuck her!

She got my attention by using my body wash on my dick. It was already rather hard, but as soon as she put her hands on it, it got as hard as steel. She quickly rinsed him off and got on her knees. Oh, shit ... I'm getting a shower blowjob from my sister. I'd never even dreamed about this before. Sorry again, Heather!

She licked the very end, and then kissed him with little kisses all over the crown. My knees were shaking a bit. She noticed and asked, "Do you want to finish this on the bed, Joseph?"

"Yeah, I better ... I am so hard right now ... every ounce of spare blood has gone to my dick."

"Good for me!" She turned off the shower, and pulled me back into my bedroom, and pushed me on the bed. I get to watch this time. She went back to kissing the crown and then put the head in her mouth. Not using her hands, she went back and forth on my super hard dick, keeping it slow and steady. She stopped and said, "I want your cum in my mouth, Bro Jo," and went right back to it.

I was starting to feel the rumblings, when she pulled her mouth off me and dropped her pussy right on top of me, quickly impaling herself, filling her pussy with my dick. I immediately came, and came some more. My god, how can I keep this beautiful sister of mine satisfied, and all to myself?

"Why did you switch up, J?"

"I wanted another load of your baby juice in me! God, I'm so horny all the time. Let's stay in, instead of going to the beach. I would love to cuddle with you, right now."

I said, "OK, J."

"I didn't get near enough sleep last night. Just to be careful, lets put some PJs on, and get into your bed. I need to air this room out. If Mom and Dad call, we can still get it, but if they come home and find us in bed together ... it would be safer if we were both clothed."

"I understand, Bro Jo, but I'd rather be naked next to you. We can still make out ... Maybe?"

"Sure, but I really could use some rest. When we get up, I'll fix us some breakfast, OK?"

"All right, Joseph. I love you!"

"I love you, J!"

I woke up in a cold sweat. I didn't recognize where I was for a second. After I shook the cobwebs away Jewel was asleep on my stomach. We were both dressed, but something didn't feel right. I carefully lifted her off of me and found out we were ... connected.

After I fell asleep, Jewel must have fished my dick out of my pants, stuck herself with it and fell asleep. I felt like I was going to pee, so I carefully got out from under her and went in to her bathroom and peed for what felt like over a minute. Man, what a sensation to wake up to.

I flushed and walked back over to the bed and Jewel had rolled over on her back, had her eyes open, and was taking off her pants.

"J, honey ... I can't. I have to get up and get something to eat." She smiled a real big smile. "No, I need real food, not just Jfood. Let's take quick separate showers and go and see what's happening outside today."

"Jfood, I like that. OK, Bro Jo. I'll go first. You head back to your room and the second you hear my shower stop, take yours, OK?"

We found ourselves walking along the beach, having first gone to breakfast. Jewel was walking next to me and kept trying to grab my hand, but we kept seeing people we knew and would wave at them.

Jewel leaned into me and said, "This isn't fair, Bro Jo ... I finally found somebody to love, and I can't share it with my friends, my family or anyone! I love you, bro. What are we gonna do about it?"

"The only thing I can think of J is to move away, or something. People would never understand what's happened between us ... I barely do."

"Joseph!" Jewel suddenly yelled. "That's it!"

"What's it?" I replied.

"We move, silly!"

"Why ... I mean, what's our reason for moving, Jewel?" I was quickly caught up in her excitement.

"I could transfer to Oregon State, Bro Jo!"

"And, what about me?"

"You apply to go there too, you've got the grades! If you went with me, you could protect me from all those big bad jocks, and we could live together, either on or off-campus, saving our parents a butt-load of money, and fuck each other silly when we didn't have a class to go to."

"But," I said, "it's over an hour away. Mom and Dad would freak, wouldn't they?"

"It's over an hour away, but still close enough they could come and visit us. They wouldn't be knocking on the door, when we're trying to make love?"

I though about it for a split second and said, "Hmmm - Lets go and see what it takes to apply, OK?"

We jogged back to the house, went online to check academic requirements for OSU; need at least a 3.25 GPA, mine is 4.10 and Jewel's is 3.95; Class rank, I was 4th in my class in high school, Jewel was 8th in hers; SAT scores, out of 2400; mine was 2145, while Jewel has a 2050 score. All of our requirements were plenty good enough.

I applied for an Academic Scholarship, while Jewel applied for a transfer from OCCC. We knew this would take, maybe a month to get any news back, so what do we tell our parents in the meantime? We have to think this through very carefully. We were so excited from this possibility that I leaned in and gave J a great big kiss, when we heard someone come in the house.

"Joseph! Jewel! Is anybody home?"

I poked my head out and saw Mom and Dad coming in, I guess, for lunch. Uh-oh, they aren't here for lunch, they're home for a little 'afternoon delight!'

"We're all alone, John. The kids must be at the beach. I'll call them and make sure." She took out her phone and started to call. We're about to be busted. When my phone rings, they'll hear it and know we're home. My Dad took the phone from her and said, "Don't worry about the kids, Julia ... worry about what I have in my pants just waiting for you."

My Dad is a little corny, but you just gotta love the horn dog in him. He grabbed my Mom by the hand and they went into the living room and started taking off their clothes.

"What are they doing?" Jewel whispered, trying to get a look at them while peering over my shoulder.

"They're home for a quickie, J!" I answered.

We watched our parents get naked and then my Dad lay on his back while Mom got on him and dropped on his now very hard dick. I felt Jewel getting antsy.

Jewel said, "If I'm gonna watch my parents fuck, I wanna fuck too!"

"OK, J ... they're gonna be quick and as soon as they leave, we'll do it, OK?"

"OK, Bro Jo! Now, what are they doing, now?"

"Come look over my shoulder. Look at Mom, will you! Ride big Daddy's cock, Momma!" Mom leaned down so she was kissing Dad while she was impaled on his hard dick. Some loud heavy moaning had started.

I had an idea!

"Jewel, what would they do, if we walked in on them, right now?"

"They'd scream, cover up and probably ask us to forget what we saw."

"Do you think we could get them to understand about Oregon State?"

"Maybe, its risky ... but I like it!" she giggled.

I went in and flushed the toilet with the door open and then came out yelling, "Hey Jewel! Did I hear Mom and Dad come home?"

"Somebody's home, Joseph? I heard the door open a couple minutes ago."

"MOM — DAD, is that you?"

You could hear a flurry of activity.

I started walking down the stairs, "Mom, Dad ... did you guys come home for a nooner?"

My Dad was trying to find his boxers and Mom had put on her panties and was trying to cover her very nice boobies, but Jewel and I caught them dead to right.

"Uh ... well ... kids ... I yelled to see if somebody was home, kids. Where were you?" mom asked, deflecting.

Jewel jumped in, saying, "We were in my room, with the music up real loud, fucking."

What did she just say? I turned around and started to say something, but my Mom beat me too it, "What did you just say, Jewel?"

"Joseph and I have fallen in love, and we were in my room fucking, you know hiding the salami, playing the horizontal mambo, doing the old slap and tickle..."

"I understand what you mean, but why ... how ... my god, Jewel," my father said with a chuckle in his voice.

It was time for me to come to the rescue, "Mom, Dad ... we didn't do it on purpose, but we've become friends, real good friends. It progressed to wanting to be in each other's company all the time."

"Now we love each other, can't keep our hands off each other, much like yourselves, and want to have the kind of love that you guys have. We've determined that that can't happen in Lincoln City, so we each have applied to Oregon State University." I was trying to bring up some tears, but it wasn't quite happening.

"It may be too late for starting in August, but it's love, and what is that you always say, Dad, "Love is friendship set on fire," and we're friends and definitely 'on fire.'"

They'd finished getting dressed and Mom said, "We have to get back to the store. I thought something like this was happening; that business with the red rose? Oh, kids, do you have any idea about the trials that are ahead of you?"

Jewel grabbed my hand, I kissed her and Jewel said, "Mom, sure there will be trials ... but Joseph and I want to confront them as a couple -- a couple in love!" Her tears seemed to come naturally.

Dad's mouth had been hanging open through most of this conversation. Finally, he said, "I had it bad for my sister Julianne back when I was in college. Your Mother told me that she once kissed her brother, Jordan, but kids, are you sure you're thinking this through?"

My Mom hit him saying, "I told you that in confidence, John ... but, but our kids ... in love. We're not going to go crazy here, we want to talk to you some more ... please be discreet, kids. This is the kind of news that would go through this town like a plague. See you two lovebirds later. Come on John boy, we've got to get back to work."

I had turned to Jewel, looking at her, realizing just how beautiful she was and how much I loved her. Her tears were flowing faster now.

"Jewel, don't? That took so much courage to say ... I'm glad they didn't scream and kick me out of the house! That was rather brilliant, looking back. They were naked and flummoxed, that we had walked in on them. The perfect time to drop the bomb! We might be the first kids ever to admit that we want to fuck each other in front of our parents."

"Oh! You want to fuck me, in front of Mom and Dad?" she," said, with a deviant smile.

"Har-har J! You know what I mean? After all of that, I'm still hungry, let's walk to Neil's Pizza, and have lunch. Then we can come home and have desert."

"I like the way you think, Bro Jo!"

We got back home after going to have some pizza. Although Neil's Pizza is good, it isn't nearly as good as the pizza Jewel and I had the other night, in front of our parents. Man, I wonder what they are going to say to us when they get home. I told this to Jewel and she had an idea.

"Bro Jo, I have an idea!"

"I've heard that sound in your voice before, J -- What nefarious idea do you have do you have up your shirt?"

"Well, we caught our parents fucking, right?"

"Yeah," I said, with a little trepidation in my voice.

Jewel proceeded, "Why don't we let them catch us making love?"

"Ooooooh! I see what you're saying. You think that they think we just want to fuck each other, but you want them to see the love we've developed. You know, sis ... there are times when I thought my love for you was only lust, but at a time like this, I realize that you're the best thing that's ever happened to me. I'm so in love with you!"

I didn't mean to cause it, but I saw that Jewel was crying a little bit again. "Sis, I'm sorry! I didn't mean to make you cry, I just can't hold back how I feel about you anymore. You are my sister, and I've cared for you all of my life, and now I'm the luckiest son of a bitch in the world, because I get to love you, the way you deserve to be loved. Let me show you."

I took her to the sofa that our parents were fucking on earlier today and I removed her blouse and slacks she was wearing, leaving her in her bra and panties. Then she removed my shirt, t-shirt and trousers, leaving me in my boxers. I leaned in to her and kissed her as gently as I could, just grazing her lips with mine.

I carefully placed my hand behind her head and put a little pressure behind the kiss. We kissed for a while, standing and holding each other. Jewel moved backwards and put her knee on the sofa, and at the same time removed her panties and bra. This was obviously my cue to drop my boxers. I lay on her, and continued to kiss her luscious mouth ... now moving to her fascinating breasts, just touching them with my lips. Her nipples were as hard as can be, and I was fast approaching being hard enough to enter her.

I moved my hands to her breasts, while moving my mouth down to her pussy, kissing along the way. When I got there, I dove into her pussy with my tongue and lips, moving back and forth between her clit and her labia. I could hear her start to moan rather loudly. I looked up and saw her eyes were closed as she was trying to enjoy all of the feelings she was having throughout her body.

It was time! I went back to her mouth and kissed her and said, "Relax, J ... here it comes." I then got off of her and turned her lengthways, sat right next to her with my dick only a couple inches from her pussy. I could hear her say "Come on, bro ... please ... put it in me ... show me how much you love me. Show me how much you care about your older sister."

I placed my dick just inside her and she went into a trance like state and moaned really loud. I saw, out of the corner of my eyes, that our parents had walked in, and were watching the action from behind the kitchen door. I acted like I didn't know they were there and I pushed in all the way. "OOOHHH, Joseph, OH OH my god, Joseph! That feels so good, so good, so good, Fuck me Fuck me, little brother."

I heard a quiet voice that must have been my mother saying, "Oh, John — that's so beautiful!"

I started the motions of fucking Jewel, while saying to her, "Jewel, Jewel ... I love you, you so much. You like that? You like my dick in your pussy? Huh. Huh do you? Yeah, you do, don't you. Oh — Oh, I'm about to cum, Jewel ... where do you want it? On your face? On your tits? In your beautiful pussy?"

"Oh, Oh, Joseph, Put it where ever you want ... I don't care. I love you so much, Joseph. Anywhere you want! Anywhere. Anywhere, anywhere you want ... oh Joseph — cum — please cum — cum and let me know that you love me."

"I'm so close, J — I'm I'm I'm — huh —ugh —aughh — I'm cumming ... cumming ... cumming. Oh, Jewel — can you feel my cum going in you? Can you feel it? I'm cumming so much ... so much ... so much." I was breathing so hard; I was worried I might hyperventilate.

Our folks had gone back inside the kitchen and rattled some stuff to let us know that they were home. I knew they were and I think Jewel figured they were, so we moved slowly off the sofa, and started putting our clothes back on, when Mom and Dad walked in. My Mom had been crying and Dad was consoling her.

I immediately started to cry, as I said, "I'm sorry Mom and Dad. I didn't mean for you to see any of that. How long have you really been home?"

Mom responded by saying, "Long enough to see the true love you two have for each other. As wrong as it is for a brother and sister to make love, I think it would be a far bigger mistake to keep you two apart from each other. I never saw such soulful loving in my life. You two, as much as I can't believe I'm saying it, appear to be destined to be lovers."

Dad also responded, "Joseph and Jewel, If I hadn't known any different, I would say you two carry yourself like two people in love and your lovemaking was as moving a moment as I can remember in my entire life." Now he was crying.

Mom remarked, "Will you two, please get dressed? I'm having a hard enough time having this conversation, without looking at my daughters breasts, which are nicer than mine, and seeing that thing of Joseph's bounce around while I'm speaking to you. Now, there are only three rules I wish to impose upon you -- Jewel, don't ever stop taking your birth control pills -- Confine your lovemaking to one of your rooms -- Clean up after yourselves, especially if you get the urge to fuck each other on the sofa, so your parents will catch you." Mom had a big smile on her face. "You don't really think you were putting one past us, did you?"

"Well Mom," I said, "Jewel and I were worried about what you and Dad would be thinking of us, so we thought, if you caught us, the way we 'caught' you, that you might come to realize how much we really cared about each other. I also think your boobs are nicer than Jewels ... there's more to them, and more is better, right Dad?"

I could see that Dad really wanted to give me a high five, but looking at Mom and Jewel, that seemed rudely inappropriate. He did chuckle to himself at my remark. OK, Jewel and I were now completely dressed.

Jewel said, hitting my arm, "Anyone for pizza?"

"What was that for?"

"For saying Mom's boobs are nicer."

"I meant nicer — bigger ... not nicer — suckable."

That made us all laugh, which helped disarm the moment, at least a little.

The next five weeks went by rather quickly, Mom and Dad going off to work, Jewel and I fucking to our hearts content. I had put on some clothes to go get the mail. There were two large envelopes in it from Oregon State University. I knew from some of my friends that a thin envelope was a 'Thank you for applying — sorry" reply, while a thick envelope meant the answer was yes!

I went up to where Jewel was still lounging in the bed, moaning, "Get in here and suck my pussy, Bro Jo!"

Never one to turn down a snatch ... snack, I complied by clamping my mouth over her clit and not letting go. I just sucked on it like I was a vacuum cleaner, and she didn't stop moaning until I felt a wonderful taste in my mouth that was my sister's cum.

"You certainly were a man with a mission, there," said Jewel. "Where did you go off to, any way?"

"The mailbox, we both got a nice thick envelope from OSU, whenever it is, we want to open them. Let's take a shower first, OK, J?"

"Yeah, Mom did ask us to clean up after ourselves, didn't she?"

"Yeah, let's strip the beds and start a load of laundry, after our shower, Jewel."

"Our shower Joseph, Would you have thought two months ago, we would be fucking like rabbits, and taking showers together, all with the consent of our parents?"

"I have wanted to fuck you since you were 15 years old. All I could do was masturbate and hope one day that I might have the guts to tell you how I felt about you."

"Isn't that sweet, Joseph. When I was 15, I was dating that George Faulkner guy. He was so handsome, and so tall, and his penis was so..."

"I get it, J," I said, "You liked him. Did you put out, at all?"

She had started the shower, and turned to me and said, "I let him touch my boobs, but I was holding out for Joseph, my little brother, who I secretly had a wide-on for."

"A wide-on, J?"

"Well, you guys get hard-on's ... girls get wet and ready, so I called it a wide-on. My girlfriends and I would talk about who gave us wide-on's." She stepped into the shower.

"Did anyone bring my name up?"

"Actually, the girls I hung out with, all wondered what you were packing, and they wondered if I knew what you 'had' between your legs."

"Who was most interested? Come on, J! I'm promised to you — I just wanted to know."

She started soaping up my chest saying, "Well, Betsy Rangle was really hot for you. She would often say she wanted to be your first."

"Wow, Betsy ... she had those nice baby B's if I remember."

"Yeah, I remember she asked me, 'Does your brother know how to kiss, yet? I would teach him, if he wants?'"

I took the soap and started washing J's tits. "Whatever happened to Betsy?" I asked.

"She got knocked up at 16 by a boy her parents did not like, so they all moved to Colorado, I think."

"Who else, J ... did any other of your girlfriends want to make a move on me?"

"I see that this turning you on Bro Jo. There was another one; her name was Sophia. Sophia McArthur, I think ... she had big tits for a 15 year old; they went straight to her brain. She thought she could get any boy she wanted with those C's she was packing. They got her the wrong kind of attention and she shacked up with a guy who beat her up and fucked her up, real bad. They moved to Bakersfield and I never heard from her again."

I saw Jewel getting on her knees as she was rinsing off my dick. I thought of telling her we could just get out of the shower and move to the bed, but she seemed to be just fine. She had rinsed off my dick and started jacking me off, really slowly. She looked up at me and her eyes told me that this was gonna be a 'wild ride.' After getting me completely hard, she placed her lips over the end and started sucking like a vacuum cleaner on me. After about a minute of that, she attempted to take my entire dick into her mouth.

Now ... that's a feeling every brother should get from his sister at least once. Oh, the cum was on its way pretty soon. She started to plunge it into her mouth, using her mouth like a pussy, going back and forth. I let her do all the work, enjoying every second of it. I was boiling up, getting ready to blow. I had always told her when I was about to cum before, but this time it felt right to 'surprise her' with a load in her mouth. She was using her hands, like all the girls in the porn videos do, twisting me and sucking me and licking and twisting and sucking and ... I came, a lot. She got it all, not losing a single drop. Oh my! I've got the most fabulous girlfriend in the whole world ... and she is my sister too.

After we got out of the shower, we dried off, got dressed and started going through the OSU stuff. I knew that college was going to be fun, but hard. Now I know that Jewel will be fun, and I know that she'll keep on me all through college. She'll help me with my grades too.

Jewel and I had opened up our OSU packets and started looking through all of the stuff they sent us. I got a partial scholarship, based on my general education credits and GPA, along with my good SAT scores. Jewel was transferring from OCCC and most all of her credits transferred. Now was the moment ... we had to decide what our Majors would be, although we could change it down the road.

"Jewel," I said. "Why don't we front load our classes with required classes, which would give us a semester or more to nail down what we want to Major and Minor in?"

"Sounds like a plan, bro. With my one year at OCCC, I don't have as many requirements as you, but I'll help you with any schoolwork you need." I got up from my chair and walked around to her, leaned over and gave her a kiss.

"What was that for, stud?"

"That was because I love you so damn much, it hurts."

"Aww! Has my baby brother become a softie because he loves his sister and wants to fuck her all the time."

"Believe me, Jewel ... I'm not a softie, by any definition of the word. I'm hard for you all day long. I can't get you out of my head for more than 10 minutes at a time."

"Joseph! Why don't we take a day trip to the campus and check things out?"

"That's a great idea, my beautiful, fantastic sister. We can run it by Mom and Dad tonight and figure we'll get up early and borrow the car and get there in time for the first student-guided tour, which starts at 10am. Then we can take the 12noon housing tour, stop and have some lunch somewhere."

"Oh, Joseph, I'll fix some sandwiches ... we could have a picnic at the campus. It would feel just like we were going there already. Do you think Mom and Dad have money saved for us to go to College? I've never heard anything that makes me think there is a butt load of money somewhere."

"Well, Jewel. Dad is the 'stick it in the mattress' kind of money person. Why did you ask about money being saved for us? I see your brain working on something devious, there's nothing wrong with that; although, the last time I saw that look on your face you were moments away from telling Mom and Dad we'd been fucking."

"Well," Jewel said. "Our parents know about us now and seem to 'approve' of what we are doing, so we get an apartment, either on or off-campus. We would make sure everyone we meet gets to know us as a couple, Joseph and Jewel Josephson."

"But, what about people we know, went to school with, who know who we really are?"

"Every girl I ever went to school with, I know something about; something rather naughty they did during high school. The boys I went to school with are all jocks and I was titless through most of high school, so they wouldn't even know me today. And you, Joseph, are heading straight to OSU, while practically all of your contemptibles ... contemporaries are going off to OCCC. The few that we encounter shouldn't give us any grief."

"Wow, sis! You really think we can pull this off?"

"Right now, I know what I'd like to pull off, bro!"

"It's going to be hard having a nymphomaniac for a living companion," I chuckled.

"If it's going to be hard, I'm going to be there for you Joseph!"

"I'm going to call Mom and Dad," Jewel said.

"What for, J?"

"You'll find out soon enough ... Hello, can I speak to Julia please?" She put her hand over the phone and said, 'It's Stephen, their employee, ' "Hey Mom, Joseph and I want to take a day trip to the Oregon State campus. Is that all right with you and Dad? I was going to make us a picnic. We'd be home by 7pm, at the latest. Thanks! Great! Bye!"

"She said it was OK with her, just make sure we get gas before we go."

"Well, it's only 9am now, so if we hurry, we can be there by 10, then look around for a while, have our picnic, look around some more, than come home and fuck like bunnies!"

"Ooooh, Joseph ... you said 'fuck like bunnies, ' Now I'm wet. Should we bang before we leave, Bro?"

"No, J ... take a extra pair of panties; here, I'll pack some things for us, while you make some sandwiches for later. Get your cute little butt in the kitchen, young lady, or I'm gonna have to spank you ... Oh, shit, did you just cum?"

"I'm sorry, Joseph. You were talking about my cute butt and spanking, I couldn't help it. I'll change real fast!"

"Don't change too much ... I love you just the way you are!"

"Aww ... my Billy Joel boyfriend."

We arrived at Oregon State University a little before 11am, due to my misunderstanding of Google Maps. Oh, well ... we can always go back another time and see what we don't get to today. Any way, we still have plenty of time to see a lot while we are here, and we can go back along the 101, which is maybe, the most scenic Highway in the United States.

The campus, including all of the buildings, parking lots, housing and such is about one mile square, so we would have to focus on only part of the campus today. Neither of us had even left Lincoln City before, so we felt a little like fish out of water.

"Joseph," said Jewel, "Why don't we have some fun and look at apartments?"

"J, that's actually a very good idea. To help sell this to Mom and Dad, we need to have a plan of action, as Dad would put it, and that would include a place to live. I say we look for furnished places, one bedroom and the cheaper the better."

"I knew you would realize that ... another reason to love you. If we start looking at apartments, what's our back story?"

"Well, we will be getting married during the Winter break, so we only need a one bedroom. Close to OSU is great, but price is better, I'm Joseph Josephson and you're my fiancée Jewel, what's Mom's maiden name?"

"Williams!"

"You are my fiancé Jewel Williams. We are looking for something completely furnished with one bedroom, OK!"

"OK, how long have we been engaged and how long have we known each other, Joseph?"

"Engaged for 5— months, looking at a December wedding at my folks house in Lincoln City. We met in elementary school and have been dating for 3 years. How's that sound?"

"Wow, you did all that really easily ... you're a real good liar, Joseph!"

"It's more like creative writing, the devil is in the details. The finer the detail, the less it sounds made up," I told her.

"OK, here's a place to look ... there's an open house ahead. I'm Jewel Williams, right?"

"Right, just cling to me like you love me and let me say everything first, then you can affirm it by agreeing and restating. It's a technique I learned in forensic debate."

"I actually understood most of what you just said. I'm going to like being your fiancée today!"

"I thought you, would. By the way, it's OK to disagree with me to help sell the concept of getting married. Mom and Dad never agree on anything and they've been married over 21 years. Here we go ... love you!"

"I love you more, Joseph!"

We walked into the apartment open house and walked around a little bit, noticing that all of the apartments in the complex are available furnished for no extra fee. Hmmm. Utilities are included, and there is off-street parking available. A car is something we'll need ... that could be a problem in the bigger scheme of things. One thing at a time. We took a flyer with all of the particulars and left.

"Man," said Jewel. "We had that cool back story and there was nobody in there to say hello to or nothing."

"Don't worry honey," I replied. "There are a lot more apartment complexes to look at, OK! Jewel why are you looking at me like that?"

"You called me honey, Joseph! I like that. It makes me feel like we really are a couple."

"We are really a couple, J! We just also happen to be brother and sister," I whispered loudly.

"Well, those were the Fillmore Inn Apartments. We can call them to arrange our own walk-thru at some point."

"I'm kind of hungry, Jewel. Why don't we park by one of the grassy areas near OSU and have our picnic."

"Sure thing, lover. Let's go down this street ... what's it called ... South West Jefferson Way, and find a place with some shade. Oh, turn there on South West Waldo, and go into that parking lot."

"That'll cost some money, OK?"

"Sure, it'll be worth it."

We drove in, paid $5 bucks and found a nice place to park with a big tree for us to spread out our picnic. We were about 50 feet from the campus bookstore. Jewel really went all out with the picnic ... she had made sandwiches, had some bags of chips, and some bottles of water to wash it all down. I thanked her for a wonderful lunch! She smiled demurely, and said, "Anything for my Joseph!"

After lunch, we decided we'd go in the bookstore and see what the sticker shock of college textbooks would be. "Wow! Joseph, I had no idea college textbooks would cost so much. I do know, from going to OCCC that sometimes you can find used textbooks for sale. You just have to make sure that a new edition isn't coming out ... or it's a waste of money."

"I guess there's probably a source online. Are you OK, Jewel? You're being quieter than I had expected."

"Joseph, I am having so much fun! Really, I get to hold your hand, lean against you, and I can do this."

She kissed me, right in front of God and everything. And it felt really nice. We were looking at each other with our foreheads touching ... just falling in love a little bit more.

I couldn't resist her any longer ... I moved towards her lips ... she realized we were about to make out in front of anybody walking by. She had this look on her face ... like hurry up before anybody sees us. So, I took my sweet time and grabbed her face with my hands and started one of those 'curl your toes' kisses. It felt so good, so perfect to kiss Jewel ... letting anybody and everybody know just how much I love her. When the kiss was over, Jewel, gasping for air, said to me, "Wow, Joseph ... you're some kisser!"

"Well," I said. "It's real easy, when I have someone as lovely as you to kiss, Jewel!"

"HEY JEWEL," a voice from about 100 feet away yelled. "Who is it, Jewel," I asked.

"It's Sammy. Sammy Jaussad, a boy I know from OCCC. You never met him. He doesn't know I have a brother. Be cool! He asked me out a few times, but I never dated him. Let's play this by ear, OK!"

I grabbed Jewel by the waist and held her tight. She giggled, realizing what I was doing.

"Hey, Jewel! You coming here in the fall?" Sammy asked.

"Yeah," Jewel responded. "Me and my boyfriend are coming here together. We were looking at apartments earlier ... now we 're just scoping the place out."

"Boyfriend, huh! My name is Sammy Jaussad. Who are you?"

"My name is Joseph. Joseph ... Williams. Nice to meet you, Sammy!"

"You must be the reason I kept striking out with Jewel, she had a guy in her hometown, all along!"

"Yeah, I've known Jewel for a while. We were best friends for a long time, but recently, we've become more, haven't we J?"

"Yeah, Joseph ... a lot more!" She turned to me and kissed me, hard! This should tell Sammy to move along. He was standing there watching us kiss. I decided to turn it up, and put on hands on Jewel's butt, and slammed her against me, still kissing her. Sammy left, but I didn't stop for even a second, as I grew hard against Jewel and she felt it, and groaned, "Oh, Joseph -- that was so naughty ... and so good! I'm wet, where can we go and fuck ... I really need to fuck you real soon, bro ... oh god!"

I took her to the car, got in and drove to Central City Park, which was practically deserted. We got out with our picnic stuff and Jewel's bag and found a very covered tree area. I put down the blanket and got myself naked while jewel was doing the same thing. I mentioned she probably shouldn't yell too loud. She laughed and said, "I won't scream if you won't!"

This was no time for foreplay ... she spread her legs wide apart and whispered to me, "Fuck me bro ... please fuck me really hard."

"Yeah, Jewel ... I will!"

I took a quick lick between her legs and got a whiff of her scent. She was so aroused; I got up and started licking her nipples, while I was also inserting myself into her. Amazing how a dick can find a pussy just like a divining rod finds a spring of water. I was nibbling on the tips of her nipples while I had started thrusting forcefully into her, causing her to moan just a little. She started to say, "Oh oh oh, Joseph, Joseph, I want it deep, put it in me deeper, deeper, deeper ... harder, harder, HARDER, FUCK ME HARDER!"

"SSSHHH, Jewel. Someone may call the police if they hear you, and then getting into OSU would be the least of our troubles."

"Sorry, bro ... kissing you in front of somebody I knew, was so damn hot ... you get me so hot ... faster ... faster ... faster, you son of a bitch, I'm ... I'm, cumming ... oh god Joseph, I'm cumming."

"I'm about to ... to ... to cum in you, I'm filling you up, filling you, filling you up with my ... my sperm, oh god-damn-it, Jewel -- We are so good together, aren't we?"

"Yeah, we are Joseph! I-I need a bathroom. Let's get dressed and find a bathroom."

"OK, Jewel -- I think there's a library somewhere in this park."

We got dressed, jumped into the car, drove around and found the library. We went inside, Jewel used the bathroom, cleaning up as best as she could, and she put on the extra panties that I'd recommended she bring!

We went back to the Campus, driving around and found a coffee house called Dutch Brothers Coffee, a cute little drive-thru place. I asked for a couple of applications, not knowing if Mom and Dad would want us to get a job or not. Even if they didn't care if we did or not, it would show them our desire to help out all we could.

We just drove around, in amazement of how humungous the campus was, driving down every street within the campus, making note of the important places, like where the Pizza Hut was, there was a real cool-looking place called the Bombs Away Café ... got applications from there too, and just had a really easy afternoon looking around and picking up applications anywhere that would give us one.

I looked at my watch and was amazed that it was 4pm already.

Jewel and I decided to pack it in for the day, and drove home, this time taking Highway 101 and it was magnificent, seeing the Pacific Ocean in all of its glory, having the woman that I love, right next to me!
Chapter 3
Home | Top | Richard King's Page |   Feedback to author


 
Home | Richard King's Page « Jewel Index « Previous
Chapter 3
Posted: April 23, 2012 - 06:52:27 pm
Updated: May 18, 2012 - 08:16:34 pm

It was a little bit past 7pm when our folks came home.

The store usually closes at 6pm and they are home by 6;30! They looked very tired. I decided dinner tonight would be Jewel's and my treat.

"Mom — Dad, take a shower and relax! Dinner is on Jewel and me tonight! I'm ordering a pizza, along with some chicken strips and fries. You two relax and one of us will come and get you when the food is here, OK?"

"OK, honey! Thank you ... you can tell us about your trip today, did you have fun?"

"Oh yeah, Mom," Jewel responded, with a laugh in her voice. "We had a blast at OSU. Take a shower or a nap, you two look beat!"

When Jewel took over the conversation for me, I called and ordered the food ... they said it would be 45 minutes to an hour. I told Jewel that and she figured we had time for a quickie, which was exactly what I thought our parents were probably doing after they take their shower, maybe even ... in their shower. Thinking about my folks having shower sex got me hard — and I walked up to Jewel and gave her a great big kiss, then said, "Let's go up to my room, OK?"

"Yeah," answered Jewel. She quickly stripped down to only her panties, while I practically tore my clothes off myself. Jewel got herself up on my bed and splayed her legs apart, waiting for me. I decided to surprise her, so I went for her pussy with my mouth and lips, quickly digging in and making her moan ... a little too loud. I told her to shush a little and then I heard the same kind of moan, but it came from across the hall. Mom and Dad were going at it, hard! Jewel and I went back to what we were doing, but we got real quiet so we could hear our folks fucking.

I took her panties off and stuck a couple of fingers inside her, causing her to jump ... and groan a bit. Jewel decided that turnabout is fair play and grabbed me by the balls and rolled them in her hands, like dice ... making me jump a little. I got on my back and Jewel climbed aboard my 'love muscle' and started to fuck herself with my dick, raising herself up and dropping herself back down, hard. It only took a couple of those for me to cum inside her, spurting three times, causing her to yell my name, way too loud. We heard from across the hall, Mom yelling out, "Oh, John — John, that's it, fill me up with that wonderful juice of yours!"

I'm absolutely certain she knew what we were doing, and was having a little fun at our expense. I knew the food was going to be there any moment, so I got dressed to pay, and get the food. I decided to have some fun at my parents expense, and I knocked on their door saying, "Checkout time is a noon, folks! Change the sheets before you leave, please!" I heard my mother gasp and my father laugh at this. My work is finished here!

Less than five minutes later there was a knock on the door. I opened it and got the food and paid for it, leaving a five-dollar tip. My Dad told me how much an hour these delivery people actually make, so I've decided to be one of those nice tippers.

I heard Jewel come down the stairs, followed by Mom and Dad ... who looked much better than when they first arrived home this evening. I put my hand up and my Dad gave me a high-five. Jewel had a quizzical look on her face, but Mom knew why!

I had the table set with a knife next to the pizza, in case anyone wanted to play the 'pizza game' again. This would be the first dinner all together, since Jewel and I proclaimed our love for one another, and were caught fucking by our parents. Nevertheless, Jewel got up on my lap and started eating a piece of pizza. Mom copied this again, sitting across my Dad's legs, eating a piece of pizza and kissing each other, alternately. Jewel picked up a chicken leg and put it in her mouth and I put my mouth on the other side of the chicken leg.

Never has dinner been so erotic before! Jewel held the leg and we both stripped it clean with our mouths and lips ... Jewel removed the leg and we kissed each other, not bothering to look at what our parents were doing. Next I grabbed a fry and put it in my mouth ... Jewel grabbed the other end with her lips and we chewed it down rather quickly, our lips meeting again, and we kissed each other hard. We stopped eating for a minute, and we each picked up our glass of water, and decided to look over at our parents.

They were also playing the pizza game from the night before, with my Mom giggling more that I had ever heard before. The dinner had been wordless, up to this point. All you could hear were the sounds of eating and kissing. My mother, with a very decadent smile on her lips asked, "So ... how did your trip to OSU go today, kids? Anything interesting happen while you were there?"

"As a matter of fact, Mom," Jewel said. "Sammy Jaussad, a boy I knew from Oregon Coast Community College, came up to me and said Hello ... Joseph grabbed me by the waist, and we told Sammy we were up looking at apartments. You should have seen the look on his face when he saw Joseph and me kissing in front of him, like he wasn't even there!"

"I put my hands on Jewel's butt and slammed her crotch into mine," Joseph continued. "Then we had gotten ourselves so hot, we went to the Central City Park, found a very secluded place and fucked each other's brains out."

My mother's face when white... "Do you realize what would have happened if you had gotten caught? Kids, you've got to control your hormones better than that!"

"But Mom," I countered, "The reason we're going to OSU together, is so we can be with each other, in every way!"

"I understand, kids; just use a little more common sense. If you were caught, what would you have said to the cops? Let's play this out!"

"We would have said we were fiancés, going to OSU in the fall, and our emotions got the better of us!"

"Good so far! Now, if he wanted to see an ID, what would you have shown him?"

"Our driver's licenses!" Jewel said.

"And where does your drivers license say that you live?"

"OH ... SHIT ... sorry Mom ... you're right! We have to be more careful!" I responded.

My Dad asked, "You two really fuck ... made love on the grass at

Central City Park?" Mom was looking at him like he had two heads, "Really John ... that's all you have to say? Kids, your father and I did the same exact thing 20 years ago ... Jewel was conceived in that very park, no doubt on the Southwest Corner, under the cover of the conifer trees!"

"Great minds think alike, huh Mom!" I said. "In the future we'll be more careful. We promise!"

Jewel and I had decided to sleep together that night, since our parents had perfunctorily 'approved' our liaison. We would keep things as 'under the radar' as possible. Maybe my horny sister, and her pervert brother can take care of their needs, without fucking in the park. I must admit, though ... it was exciting! I just can't tell that to Jewel, or she'll have us fucking all over the Campus.

The next morning was the strangest morning of my young life. I awoke to a naked girl in my bed. It was heartwarming just how much I loved this girl. I looked over and I saw her slight breath, which told me she was sleeping contently, and her bosom was peeking out from behind the sheet that didn't quite cover her adequate breasts. I was preparing to grab my dick and wack off, when I realized ... I don't need to do that anymore, I've got me a real girl, a beautiful wonderful older woman. A woman who, if I'm real careful I can love forever. Cue the violins and the banjoes, and start the tympani ... I'm going to fuck me a sister!

I carefully pulled the sheet down off her breasts and started to gently suck on the nearest one. Oohh, she tastes so good. I reached over with my hand and softly played with the other one. My fingers quickly taking the nipple and rolling it between my fingertips. She made a noise ... but, false alarm. I didn't expect, or even want her to sleep through this ... I just wanted to show my sister my love. Using my leg I raised the sheet to verify she was naked. I was already quite hard, in anticipation of 'the main event.'

I crawled between her legs, separating them, and I went back to work gently licking on and rubbing both of her bountiful breasts. I pulled myself up and moved my face down towards her pussy. Gosh, she's so beautiful! I moved my head to just above her pussy and breathed on her, snaking out my tongue like the snaky brother that I am. As I touched her pussy lips with my lips, I felt her body tremble a little. I intended to wake her up with my next action.

Using my mouth, I grabbed her blood-filled clitoris and started to gently suck it all the way into my mouth. I pulled a little with my tongue and ran my teeth over it, causing a moan that could not deny she was awake ... and loving it. I started to hear my name, "Joseph, oohh ... Joseph, that feels so fucking good!"

I went from a loving suck to a 'less-gentle' version of what I was doing, Jewel's body confirming that she was enjoying the effort I was putting in, to be as gentle as possible. Her legs started to move around, like she was either getting into this, or she had to pee. To avoid a problem and a big mess, I softly asked, "Do you need to pee, Jewel?" It seemed such a mood breaker to ask that?

"No, Joseph ... I need you to fuck me, now!"

I raised my head and scooched myself towards her, spreading her legs as far apart as seemed comfortable to her. Then, with no fanfare, I put my hard as granite dick into her, and started the motion of fucking, first making sure we'd connected, then starting to go deep. As I started to really push, I leaned over and got face to face to her. I saw that smile and she said, "Hello, there." I licked around her mouth and started to kiss her hard, while I was fucking her. She started to buck, telling me she was close to an orgasm. We were now connected at the lips and the hips, and it felt so damn good.

Jewel was starting to moan rather loud, now ... not really saying anything that was comprehensible, just sounds of love. I decided to maintain the same 'radio silence' and just show her how much I loved her by my actions, and not my words. I was getting quite close ... I could sense she wasn't as close as I, so I slowed down a little bit. I took my fingertips and slowly ran them over her belly, just a moment of tactile bliss. Thinking now that we were together, I 'brought in on home.'

I started just moving myself in and out, not going deep and being careful we didn't disconnect. This is the moment ... when fucking becomes making love and making love turns into forever. I stopped, and I came ... I came so much ... I love her so much! She had her orgasm, as well. I looked up at her and she was crying, just like me. Staying connected for a moment longer, I leaned forward and gave my sister a wonderful loving kiss.

We got up and took a shower together ... that was fun. We dressed and went downstairs. Mom had left us a note.

"If you two decide to leave your bedroom today, could you please do some grocery shopping, the list is on the fridge, Thanx!" I saw the list and the cash to buy it.

"Mom is cooler than I thought," I said to Jewel.

"She understands what's happened to us, hasn't she, Joseph!"

"I barely do Jewel, but anything I can do with you, is better than anything I can do alone!" Jewel smiled at me and kissed me. I put my arms around her and we just held each other.

Mom left the keys to the car as well, so we decided to do the shopping first, then ... who knows what?

We got to the grocery store and started getting the stuff on the list. I was pushing the cart and Jewel had her arm in mine. It seemed innocent enough.

"Hey JoJo ... how's it hanging!"

That is the voice of Jimmy 'Danger' Zonn ... get it Danger Zone? He hung out with the group I went to school with, he was two years younger than me ... and never met my sister.

"To the left and to my knees, 'Danger!'" This made Jewel chuckle ... which in turn caught Jimmy's attention.

"Who's the ho, JoJo?"

I went up to him, grabbed him by the scruff of his shirt, picked him up a foot off the ground and said, "That ... is not a ho, James! That is a woman, who knows how to please and to be pleased. Apologize to my girl, or I'll let her cut off your nuts, so you can have them for lunch, OK?"

"Sorry JoJo, and I'm real sorry JoJo's girl! Sometimes I just let my brain go wild and I say whatever comes to mind!"

"Well, 'Danger, '" Jewel said, "Apology accepted!"

"Bye, JoJo ... and JoJo's girl. See you in the funny pages?"

"I'm sorry about that JoJo's girl! He was a freshman when I was a junior in high school. He's mostly harmless ... but he has a gutter for a mouth. Must think it's cool to curse!"

"To the left and to my knees? Did you say that, back when you were running with the Danger Zonn?"

"Every one of the guys had a different answer to the 'how's it hanging' line ... and that was mine. You know that all guys wish their dick was longer ... well, so did I!"

"Did? Oh you don't anymore, lover?"

"Now that I know how much it takes to love you, all I need is what I have!"

"Now, That should be on a poster ... that's a really good expression, JoJo!"

"Cut it out, Jewel, let's finish the shopping, OK? Do you need anything from the Pharmacy, how are you on Birth Control Pills?"

"Oh, those? I stopped taking them two days ago ... I decided I want your baby, baby!"

I was flabbergasted..."What! You — You stopped taking them? Oh my god Jewel, Oh god! We better get a Pregnancy Test, shouldn't we?"

"Chill out, little brother ... I was just messing with you! I'm fine! You should have seen your face when I said that! It was priceless!"

"Let's finish shopping OK ... I've gotten a little horny and I want you, soon!"

I quickly got the last couple of things on the list. As we walked by the 'family planning' isle, Jewel picked up a bottle of something called Astroglide. I told her we didn't have the money to buy that ... she said she'd pay for it herself.

We left the store with our groceries in the trunk. We got home and quickly put everything away. I called Mom to tell her that we had gotten the groceries. She said thanks, and we should go out and do something fun together, or we could stay in and do something even more fun. She was laughing as I hung up the phone.

Jewel and I did make out for a while, but decided to head back to OSU, to check out more of the campus. I called Mom and she said fine, but be more careful where we 'park, ' as she put it!

We took our finished applications to the places we got them from. They all took them and thanked us, and said they would be in contact with us.

We went back to the Fillmore Inn Apartments, hoping to see somebody there this time. As we walked up, we encountered a very likeable gal in her early thirties.

"Hi, I'm Suzanne ... you two kids looking for an apartment?"

"Yes," I said. "We're starting in the Fall at OSU! We're engaged to be married and are looking for a place we can afford. I'm Joseph Josephson and this pretty girl is my fiancée, Jewel Williams!"

Jewel added, "We've been engaged for 5— months and we just have to find a place soon. We're currently living with Joseph's parents, but they are eager for us to find an apartment, if you know what I mean!"

"Well," Suzanne said, "You only need a one bedroom, you say?"

"Yeah," I replied. "I figured we would use the dining table for school work, so one bedroom, big enough for at least a queen bed would be good for us!"

Suzanne started walking saying, "This place is a two bedroom, but it shows the relative size of the kitchen and dining area. All of our apartments come with a Refrigerator, Stove/Oven and Dishwasher, and..." We didn't really pay attention to all she was saying, we were just walking around, arm in arm, looking at all of the cool amenities. We saw a trash compacter ... did she mention that? Oh boy! " ... and a beautiful view of Oak Creek City Park through that window! Isn't it lovely?"

I coughed and said, "It's all very nice, Suzanne ... how much a month did you say it was, again?"

"As I said, Joseph, it's only $465 dollars a month, we cover all of your utilities, except Internet!"

"What would it take to hold this for us, until school starts in September?" Jewel asked.

"First and last rent, or $930 dollars will hold it for you, don't worry if you don't have it now, we always have a number of units available! Are either of you on a scholarship that includes housing?"

"To be perfectly honest, Suzanne, I didn't notice! I have a partial academic scholarship while my ... Jewel is transferring from OCCC! Do you have a card, so we can be in contact with you about this?"

"Certainly, Thank you for looking at the Fillmore Inn Apartments, Joseph and Jewel! You two are the cutest couple I've seen come through here all summer! I hope things work out ... give me a call when you're ready to move in!"

"Thank you, Suzanne," Jewel said. "I just love him so much, we're getting married in December at ... his parents house in Lincoln City! I just can't wait to be Jewel Josephson!" That made me chuckle, which made Jewel giggle, which made Suzanne join in, but she obviously didn't get the joke.

I added, "We are getting some financial help from our ... her ... MY parents, at least I think we are, so we'll be in touch! Thank you for your time, Suzanne!"

"Bye, Kids!"

We walked out of the apartment we had been looking at, and I turned to Jewel, "I just can't wait to be Jewel Josephson? Wow sis, you were on the edge there, but it was cool!"

"Where to next, Hubby?"

"Let's check out the Campus Library, OK, honey?"

That made her giggle! And I love her laugh so much! We got into the car and drove over to the Valley Library, over by where we had our picnic the other day! It was open, but there was practically nobody in there, except for the student employee's. We wandered around, staying together so neither of us had to defend ourselves from an unwelcome advance.

Speaking of an unwelcome advance, whom do we run into, but Sammy Jaussad again! Jewel grabbed my arm a little tighter as he walked up to us and said, "Hi guys!"

"Hi Sammy," Jewel said, not looking up at him.

"Hi Sam," I said, walking to another stack of books.

"It's Sammy, Joseph! You guys come back to check out the library, huh?"

He has a firm grasp on the obvious, I thought.

"Yeah, Sam," I said, "Just walking around, minding our own business ... looking at the prices of stuff in here!"

"Yeah, they are pretty expensive, unless you go online to get textbooks, you can find a great deal on textbooks online!"

Yeah, I thought to myself, maybe you can find a slightly used brain on Craig's List. "Jewel, I've seen enough here ... let's head on to our next stop!"

"Where are you two off to?" Sammy asked.

Jewel responded, "We're going over to Central City Park to make out!"

I followed up with, "Are you seeing anyone, Sam ... anybody special in your life, you hiding some cute girl somewhere, or maybe a cute boy ... not that there's anything wrong with that, Sam?"

I think I stunned him a little, so we took the opportunity to bug out of the library. Jewel gave me a look and I thought she was going to hit me, but instead she grabbed me and kissed me and said, "Jealous Much?"

"You bet your pretty little ass, I'm jealous, although I can't believe you ever led him on ... but, he sure was into you, I could tell!"

"Let's go home, Joseph! I'm horny as hell and I want to be loud!" We walked back to the car. Jewel saw Sammy come out of the Library and she said, "Kiss me, Joseph!"

I took a step and smashed my mouth on hers, surprising her a little with my intensity. She put her hand on my butt, and I grabbed the nearest breast I could find. I leaned her over the car and pressed against her saying, "Do you want it right here, Jewel? — Right on the car, I'm so hard for you, I can't see straight!"

"OK, Joseph, he's gone now!"

"Who's gone, what do you mean?"

"Sammy walked out of the library and was walking towards us, so I said, 'Kiss me' and we ended up on the hood of the car!"

"You are the nastiest, most fascinating, wonderful and breath-taking piece of ass, I've ever had!"

She slapped me, and immediately started saying, "I'm sorry" over and over again. I felt my cheek, which would survive and said, "Our first fight, Honey! Let's go home and have some make-up sex, OK!"

"It's OK! What I said was out of line, but I meant it in a boyfriend sort of way! Are we good, Jewel?"

"We ... are great, Joseph."

We got home about 90 minutes later and saw a car in the driveway! It wasn't Mom and Dads! We walked in and saw Mom's sister, Jennifer lying on the sofa watching TV!

"Aunt Jennifer," I said. "Mom didn't tell us her beautiful little sister was coming to visit us!"

"Hey, Jewel and Joseph! I expected Julia and John to be at work, but where were you two?"

"Scoping out Oregon State University, we're going there in the fall! We were looking for an apartment and we walked around the Campus a little!" Jewel said.

"Well, it was quite last minute. I caught my boyfriend Daniel screwing another girl in our bed! So I grabbed some clothes and drove here straight thru from Medford, which took me about six hours to get here!"

"How long will you be staying?" I asked.

"Well, I told the sonofabitch to leave and take everything with him, including that slut he was fucking when I walked in on them!"

"You can have my bed while you're here, Aunt Jennifer! I'll move in with Jewel!"

"Oh, is there a second bed in Jewel's bedroom, Joseph?"

I didn't think that out very well, did I? Now how do I recover from this? I'm thinking ... thinking...

Jewel spoke and said, "We'll get a couple of sleeping bags and Joseph can sleep in those ... on ... my bedroom floor?"

"It sounds to me like you two are covering for something or other! What is it? I need some juicy gossip to get my mind off my own troubles, come on?"

"OK, Aunt Jennifer ... now don't freak out OK, you better sit down!" I said.

"Wow!" Jennifer replied. "This must be real good!"

Jewel and I sat down and just decided to tell her everything.

"Jewel and I are ... are lovers, Aunt Jennifer!"

You could hear the crashing waves of the ocean for a moment it got so quiet!

"Fuck a duck! First, you can drop the Aunt and call me Jennifer or just Jenn; Second, I actually expected this at some point ... you two were always so chummy growing up; Third, isn't sex great with your brother, Jewel! I made out with both James and Jacob, even with your mother Julia, but that's not real important! You are being safe, aren't you?"

"Absolutely," said Jewel. "Mom put me on the pill a long time ago, saying it helped regulate my period, but I think it was because she didn't want me knocked up by some local yokel!"

I looked over at Jewel and decided to go sit by her and hold her hand. "Yeah, you two ... I'm really impressed. What I see on your faces is 'stop the presses' love! I am really happy for you! Would you guys help me get my stuff upstairs?"

"Sure, Jenn ... Thanks for being so cool about this; we can't seem to keep our hands off of each other these days! Let me clean up my room a little, here we go ... suitcases on the floor by the bed. I'll empty a drawer for you!"

"Are you moving in with me, Joseph?" Jewel asked.

"Actually, Jewel ... I got these the other day!"

I got down on one knee! Both Jewel and Jenn got the giggles!

"Jewel Josephson, will you pretend to be my wife, to kiss and make love to, until we get caught or captured?"

"I will ... Joseph Josephson, will you pretend to be my husband, to kiss and fuck all the time, until we get caught or captured?"

"I will..."

Jenn jumped in and said, "By the powers of the Great Pacific Ocean, I now pronounce you Joseph and Jewel, Lovers, Brother and Sister, and out of your fucking minds! You may kiss the bride! Carry her over the threshold of your bedroom and consummate this 'union' a couple of times, and then come down when you're finished. I am so fucking tired from that drive. Not even you, fucking in the next room, can keep me awake! Goodnight, Young Lovers!"

I picked up Jewel and walked through the doorway to her room and dropped her on the bed. I went back and locked the door.

"Wow, Jewel ... that was so cool, it felt like a 'real' ceremony, at least a little! I forgot how cool Jenn was. I guess when you're the last of five kids; you have to carve out your own space! We haven't seen her in what ... four years? She still looks real good! I had Nephew — Aunt fantasies about her when I was 12 years old ... when I wasn't thinking about getting into your pants, I was thinking of getting into Auntie Jennifer's panties."

"Let's focus now on each other, Joseph! Remember what we started on the car!"

"Remind me, sis ... I think I had started to give you a vigorous chest massage, while I was bending you over ... take off your pants please ... I'm taking you from behind tonight ... Oh Oh oh oh, I'm in! I'm in you doggy style, Jewel — do you like that — it feels so different from being on top of you! I can ... I can get inside you even deeper, oh oh oh I'm so deep in you, wow, oh wow Jewel, oh god ... are you close ... how close are you Jewel, I'm — I'm — I'm about to, about to ... Oohhh ... I'm cummingggg Jewel ... I love you so very much!

"I love you too, Joseph ... my god — you were such an animal! I never came so many times all at once! Let me calm down and we can do this again!"

"Anything you want, Mrs. Josephson.

After Jewel and I made love again, we showered, changed and went downstairs. Jenn was preparing some food ... she looked up and said, "You two are going to need your strength, if you always make that much noise when you fuck each other. Anyway, I figured I needed to show some cooking skills so your Mom and Dad wouldn't kick me out on my ass!"

"Yeah ... Jenn, but its such a nice ass!"

"Joseph!" Jewel said.

"I'm just talking to my hot Aunt, that's all Honey?"

"As long as all you do is talk, I'm OK with that, I guess!"

"Is that a pistol in your pocket, Joseph, or are you happy to see me?" Jenn said with a giggle.

"I'm always happy to see you, Jenn! I had some major fantasies about you, as a kid growing up!"

"And he's going to keep those fantasies to himself, isn't he?" Jewel looked at me with fiery eyes.

"I hope so, Jewel! I'm sworn off men for a while!"

"Well," I said. "Maybe Jewel has some fantasies about you as well!"

My shoulder was prepared for the hit, but I hadn't expected that Jewel would grab my dick in front of Jenn and say, "This is my property, now!" Then she took my hand and shoved it down the front of her pants and said, "And this is only Joseph's! Everybody got that? GOOD!"

Mom and Dad came home, and immediately, my Mom yelled, "Where is you, Jenn? Where is my baby sister?"

Jenn popped out of the kitchen, with me and Jewel behind her carrying plates of food to the table.

"Jenn," my Mom said! "Julie," replied my aunt replied!

"How long has it been?" my Mom went on to say. "Six months ... nine months ... what brings you to our neck of the woods? Where is Daniel?"

"Daniel is moving out, along with his Secretary-Slut, I caught him banging in our own bed! Joseph and Jewel have been bringing me up to speed on things in Lincoln City! Aren't they just the cutest couple! I moved into Joseph's room and he has moved into Jewels room, right after the ceremony!"

My mother and father had looks on their faces that I can hardly describe.

Jenn went on, "I caught Joseph in a fib he couldn't get himself out of ... so they explained it to me! We had a simple non-wedding ceremony, and now Joseph and Jewel have shacked up together, living in sin!"

I tried to open my mouth and help, but Jewel held me back, so she and I just smiled, and went back into the kitchen to get the rest of the food.

"I'm not really sure how long I need to stay — I told the sonofabitch to move all of his stuff out, along with the whore!" I heard Jenn say.

We came out with the rest of the food, and we all sat down, and ate dinner. Jewel sat next to me, keeping her left hand on my leg the whole time.

"So," my Mom spoke. "What all did your Aunt Jennifer talk to you kids about?"

"Well, she said she saw this coming because of the way we've always been so close! She also mentioned she had some incestuous moments in her early life!"

Mom turned a crimson color and said, "Jenn, you didn't tell them about..."

"Yes I did, Julie ... I thought they should know there is a precedent for incest in the family!"

You should have seen the look on my Dad's face, suddenly the realization of what was just NOT said! Deciding to enter the fray, Dad said, "I had it bad for my sister, Jaclyn, all through high school! All we ever did was kiss ... she would let me touch her boobs once or twice, but that's all, because we were so scared we would get caught! When I see her now, we always share an extended hug!"

"Well," Jewel said. "This food that your sister fixed us all, is getting cold, Mom!"

"Jenn was the one who helped Mom with all of the cooking. I'm glad you're here Jenn; just please keep what the kids are doing to yourself? Lincoln City is a small town, and if there was even a whiff of a scandal, who knows what would happen!"

"Sure, Julie ... I can keep a secret, you especially know that I can keep a secret!"

With my mouth full of partially eaten casserole, I said, "Come on Mom, there are no more secrets between us, are there?"

The next morning, as usual, by the time we woke up, everybody - Mom and Dad, had gone off to work ... I didn't know what Jenn had planned, as Jewel and I walked into the kitchen to find some kind of breakfast to have before we did, whatever we were going to do! As I opened the refrigerator door, Jenn bounced into the room, wearing a very small red bikini! Jewel saw my reaction to the suit and came over to help me get the stuff out of the refrigerator we wanted.

"Hey kids," Jenn said. "What are you two up to today?"

"Don't really know ... sometimes we plan, and sometimes we just go with the flow," I said.

Jewel said, "Since we've become ... whatever you call what we've become, we keep to ourselves a lot more, Jenn! We have to be careful now, so we don't start a scandal of sorts in Lincoln City."

"Let's take a drive along PCH, Jewel," I suggested.

"That's a great idea, Joseph ... let me get a change of clothes!"

Jenn walked up to me, in her red bikini and said, "How do you like my new bikini, Joseph?" She gave me a rather interesting look.

"It's very nice Jenn, you have a very nice figure ... you're sure to find yourself a new guy while you're here, if that is what you want!" I replied as casually as I could.

She put her hand on my thigh and said, "I may have found what I am looking for already, Joseph!" She gave my leg a tight squeeze ... that sent a jolt of electricity through me, ending with my dick getting hard! "Jenn," I said. "Didn't you hear what Jewel said about me? She would kill you and cut my nuts off and feed them to me, so stop it, please?" I whispered most of that so Jewel wouldn't hear it.

"Oh, you're no fun at all any more Joseph! I used to have a lot of fun flirting and teasing with you!"

"I didn't say you couldn't tease me, I just have to be true to Jewel! I love her ... you're just horny, looking for a bit of action, and I must say, I'd be interested if not already involved with my sister, OK?"

"Did I hear correctly, that your Mom and Dad hired somebody to help them in the store?" Jenn inquired.

"Yeah, his name is Stephen, he's 24 or 25, right in your zone! Be nice to him!"

"Oh, I will!" snickered Jenn.

Jewel came back down and had changed into her smallest bikini, it was one I hadn't seen before, it was a bright orange, almost fluorescent.

"Nice suit," Jenn said approvingly to Jewel.

"Well, as you probably know, you've got to keep them interested, and with you around here, I decided to 'up' my game!" Jewel said.

"I think Jenn is going to make a run at Stephen today ... do you know anything about him Jewel?" I asked.

"No, except he is 25, 6foot tall, is a surfer when he can find time, had a girlfriend up until three weeks ago, and has very fast hands! Jenn should love him and vice versa!" my sister exposited.

"Could you two give me a ride into town before you head out on your drive?" Jenn asked.

"Sure," said Jewel. "I'm going to pack us a picnic real quick and then we'll be ready to go, OK!"

Jewel reached over and felt my dick through my pants, in front of Jenn, and said, "Just checking!"

That made Jenn laugh, and I started to as well, except that the inevitable reaction to her touch caused Jenn to say, "Jewel, if you ever get tired of doing your brother, can I have your leftovers?"

From the kitchen, Jewel said, "When I'm done with him Jenn, nobody will want him -- he'll be used up, completely!"

"Hey," I said. "Don't I have any say-so in the matter?"

Jewel said without any hesitation, "Brother, are you tired of fucking me yet?"

"Oh, god, Jewel! NO! I love you so much, and I plan on loving you forever and ever!"

"Ready to go Jenn?"

"Yep, Jewel!"

As we piled into the car, Jewel said, to nobody in particular, "I feel so sorry for Stephen ... Hurricane Jenn is definitely on its way!"

That made us all laugh, especially Jenn!

We dropped off Jenn at the store! I was going to just take off, but I went in to Mom and told her that we dropped off Jenn, and were going on a leisurely drive up the coast with a picnic in mind.

Mom turned to me and quietly said, "Have your phone with you, and use some common sense, please!"

I put up my hands and said, "Mom, it's me ... I have more sense than you think!"

"Yeah, but you've been thinking with your other head lately, so be careful, OK -- honey please?"

"Sure Mom, if you're suddenly missing Stephen, Jenn may have him trapped in a bathroom, screaming for his life!"

"Thanks for the heads up, Joseph! Have fun ... but not too much!"

I went back out to the car, and I saw a couple guys talking to Jewel through her window! I got in, turned on the car, and said, "Watch out for your fingers guys," and drove off!

"I was just talking to them, gee-whiz Joseph!"

"I was just talking to Jenn and you came over and grabbed me, saying 'This is mine!'"

"I'm sorry Joseph, she was being quite demonstrative, and I actually saw her look at you and lick her lips ... I remember you and her flirting a lot in the past and I'll admit it, I was and still am a little jealous of her!"

"Well, something might be wrong with her, because she is pretty hot, but her boyfriend was screwing somebody else in her own bed! Who knows what's really going on in that crazy bitch head of hers?"

"Did that suit she have on, make you hard?"

"Yeah, I'll admit it, she's pretty, in a slutty milf sort of way! But Jewel, I may have always lusted for her, but I am deeply in love with you!"

"OK, I understand that ... I wouldn't mind putting my mouth on those ta-ta's of hers either! Or my hand down her panties, where I would stick my fingers deep inside her sloppy wet cunt, getting her as close to orgasm as I can then, I..."

"Stop it, Jewel ... I'm so hard, I could cum with the slightest touch right now!"

"Pull over, Joseph ... I need to give you first aid!"

"Jewel, that's not a good idea, there could be cops!"

"Take the next right turn, here it is, Sunbow Drive, pull over under the tree!"

At the exact moment I turned off the car, Jewel pulled my cock out of my pants and put her mouth on it ... just as I thought, I came within seconds of her oral contact ... spurting three or four times into her mouth. Just as we were cleaning up an Oregon Highway Patrol car pulled up behind us and was stopping! Jewel spilled some soda on her shirt and she said, "XYZ," and I zipped up, just before the officer came up to the window.

"Are you folks OK, I saw you pull over and I was worried about what may have happened?"

Jewel responded, "Officer, I had spilled some soda on my blouse and my brother here, pulled over, so I could try to clean it up!"

"Where are the two of you headed to today?" the officer asked.

"Lake Neskowin, Officer," I said. "Everybody goes to the ocean beaches this time of year, but we are planning a picnic at Lake Neskowin, it'll be quiet and peaceful there!"

The officer looked through the back windows and saw our bucket of stuff for picnicking and said, "All right, take care ... drive safe you two!" He walked back to his cruiser and backed out and went on his way!

"Wow, sis ... you know how to keep your cool, I'm sorry about your shirt!"

"Lake Neskowin, is that where we use to go swim and play when Mom and Dad wouldn't let us go to the ocean because of red tide?"

"Good memory, Jewel ... well, lets go to the Lake!"

After arriving at the Lake, where it was as beautiful as I had remembered, we laid out on the blanket we brought with us, just enjoying the morning and listening to the emergency radios that I thought we should have, just in case. We were listening to some 60's music, which both Jewel and I both really liked.

I turned on my side, and was looking at Jewel, who was on her back. "What are you looking at, Joseph?"

"I'm looking at the most beautiful girl in my life, who happens to be my sister, Jewel!"

"Thank you, Joseph ... you're pretty hot, yourself! Are you hungry for some loving ... or some food?"

"Whatever you want — ladies choice?"

She pushed me on my back, and lay on top of me! We still had all of our clothes on, but she crawled up my body and started to kiss me on the lips. I kissed her back and we rolled over and now she was on her back.

I took her top off, revealing a bikini top ... a very small bikini top! I started taking my hands and grabbed both of her breasts, massaging them vigorously! I stopped for a moment and took off my top and lay back on her, just kissing her breasts. She was really enjoying my hands on her, and she removed her top, revealing her luscious tanned breasts and her pencil-sized nipples.

I removed my hands and started sucking on her nipples, causing her moans to increase in loudness. I rolled off and Jewel unbuckled and unzipped my pants, removing both my pants and boxers in one fell swoop!

While she did that to me, I stuck my hand in the back of her jeans and found her butt-hole, and inserted my finger in it!

"Jo-jo jo seph ... oh god ... that feels so, so, so, good ... don't stop fingering my ass Joseph, finger it, yeah ... you're so nasty and so amazing Joseph!"

I took her pants and panties off, and I took my lips straight into her very wet pussy, again causing her to moan a great deal. I sucked on her, not worrying about the sounds I was making in the process ... when doing something like this outdoors, with the sounds of nature around you, it is absolutely a wonderful experience.

When I heard her finish her orgasm, from my sucking on her, I rolled off to the side so she could catch some deep breaths. I was on my back with my very hard dick in the air ... Jewel turned on her side and said, "I'd love to crawl up on you and go for a cowboy ride!"

She straddled me raising herself just above my dick and then, plopped herself down on me, causing me to groan so loud, Mom and Dad might have heard me, even over 20 miles away. I'd done the same to her before, thrusting straight into her, but this reversal of that was glorious ... she started to pull herself off and then drop back down, doing this over and over again, until the moment when I said, "Jewel, I'm I'm cumming ... inside you ... inside my sister ... inside my lover ... inside my wife!"

She turned her head to me and said, "What did you say, Joseph?"

"I said, 'my wife' Jewel! After school, after everything else we have, I want to really marry you! The ceremony we did with Jenn was nice and lovely, but I want you to be my legitimate wife! I don't know how or where we have to live to do that, but I want it and you so badly, I love you so much!" I couldn't talk any more I was crying so hard.

"We'd need somebody to fake me a birth certificate and drivers license and social security number!" Jewel said. "Maybe Jenn can help us, Joseph!"

"We need to find something she needs or wants, to motivate her to do something like that for us," I said.

"I know something Jenn wants real bad, Joseph!"

"What's that?"

"You!"

"Me?"

"Yeah, she's raping you with her eyes, every time I see her look at you, Joseph!"

"Now you're my pimp, Jewel?"

"No, Joseph ... we have to know for sure she could get what we want, the fake id's! After she proves she can do it, we approach the whole thing like a business deal, services provided for services rendered!"

"Let's discuss this while we eat lunch, so first things first, get up off my dick please!"

"Wait a minute, Joseph ... we can avoid a big mess if we roll over and get you on top before we separate, OK!"

We did just that and the result was that I embedded myself quite deeply into her during the roll.

"Want to go again, Jewel?"

"Sure, hubby to be!" She giggled when she said that.

I spread her knees apart and pulled most of the way out, then drove in, which of course, caused most of my cum to squeeze out of her pussy. After we 'changed the oil, ' I started to vigorously pump in and out of her, both of us being quite vocal. After about a minute of real hard fucking, I grabbed both of her breasts, poked my thumbs into her nipples, and we both came!

I pulled out of her and got a towel I kept in the car and had her sit on the towel, and we got our undergarments back on. I kept her sitting on the towel, while I got the picnic basket out of the car. I set up our plates and tumblers and went back to the car for the rest of the food and drink; during which time Jewel got up off the towel and finished getting dressed.

Since she was dressed, she took over preparing for our lunch, and I finished getting dressed. I took the towel that the 'oil change' was on and rolled it up and put in the car.

When I got back lunch was served. We are so in tune with each other, we deserve the happiness we have in our lives. We finished up our lunch, putting back everything in the car.

We took a very leisurely paced drive home to Lincoln City, passing by the craft store and seeing if they needed any help from us. Mom and Dad told us to go on home, Jenn was helping Stephen restocking, and I saw they were talking and laughing while they were doing it. Jenn waved to us, and so did Stephen, who seemed to have a rather goofy look on his face ... Hurricane Jenn has struck again!
Chapter 4
Home | Top | Richard King's Page |   Feedback to author


 
Home | Richard King's Page « Jewel Index « Previous
Chapter 4
Posted: May 02, 2012 - 08:56:27 am
Updated: May 18, 2012 - 08:16:36 pm

I asked Jenn how it went with Stephen.

"I think we found we have some common interests. I asked him if he wanted to go out sometime, and he quickly said 'hell yeah, '" Jenn said.

"After dinner, Jenn ... Jewel and I have a proposition for you. Come to her room and bring something to drink, without telling Mom and Dad."

"So, you two are ready for a threesome with your 'too hot to handle' Aunt Jenn?"

"Just come on up and listen to our proposition, OK?" Jewel added.

"OK, kids ... I'm taking a shower before dinner, either one of you care to join me?"

Jewel and I looked at each either for a moment, but decided to wait and talk to Jenn later.

"No thanks, Jenn," I said, "maybe at another time."

Jewel hit me in the shoulder a little, but I don't think her heart was really in it. Jenn walked off and, in less than a minute the water started.

Jewel grabbed me and took me to 'our' room, quickly closing the door and launching her lips towards mine. She also put her hand down my pants, and grabbed me by the balls and started playing with them while she was kissing me. I instantly grew to a full erection.

I separated from her for a moment and took off my pants and underwear and pushed her pants down to around her ankles, shoved her on the bed and quickly entered her. She was so wet; I immediately was balls deep in her and started a brisk fucking motion. She started to moan a bit, but she was conscious of the fact that she shouldn't be too loud, what with Jenn only 10 feet away with a shower wall the only thing between us.

While I was putting it to her, she kicked off the rest of her clothes and rolled over on me, causing me to pause in my fucking motion while we settled into her being on top. She really enjoyed being on top and I did too, because it gave me access to those wonderful tits of hers. I was sucking on them as she started doing the fucking motion.

"Uh — huh — Oh Jewel — oh, god Jewel — don't stop — keep going, you are fan — fantastic. I'm so close — close — close ... how about you, oh sis — oh shit, oh my — uh uh uh uh — I'm about to — about to come, I want to come — please Jewel let me cum." She stopped and shook all over ... it must have been an orgasm ... sometime while watching her get off, I started to cum — and boy did I cum!

"Now that's what I call Fucking!"

Jewel turned her head and saw Jenn coming through the doorway, with a towel on her head and another one around the top of her breasts, barely covering her butt and pussy.

"Jewel, can I ride the horsey, please?" Jenn asked.

"Joseph?" Jewel asked with a single word.

"Sure, if it's OK with you?" I tried not to sound too anxious.

"I'm staying to watch," said Jewel.

"OK by me," said Jenn unwrapping her towel to show her beautiful rack and hairless pussy. "Let me clean that off for you Joseph," she said as she moved her mouth over my dick and started licking me, trying to get off all of Jewel's juices along with my juice as well.

Jenn got all of me into her mouth, and slurped around my very hard dick, causing me to both groan in pleasure and wince in pain at the same time.

Out of the corner of my eye, I saw Jewel fingering herself with one hand and playing with her tits with her other one. Seeing that, made me grow a bit, causing Jenn to moan with my dick still in her mouth. Jenn was doing something with her tongue that was causing me to very quickly hurtle towards my orgasm.

I motioned Jewel to get under Jenn and suck on her pussy. Jewel maneuvered herself in position without Jenn knowing it, and attacked Jenn pussy with an open mouth, causing Jenn to start her orgasm, which caused me to quietly announce, "I'm cumming Jenn — Here it comes ... all for Jenn. Ooooh my god! What a load that was." I noticed that Jewel hadn't stopped licking Jenn pussy, even though Jenn had had her orgasm.

I stopped to catch my breath and watched my sister suck on Jenn like she'd been eating pussy her entire life. Since Jewel was on her back licking on Jenn, I sat down on my knees and started fucking Jewel again, using a slightly different angle from before. Jewel went from manic to a vacuum cleaner as far as sucking on Jenn went. I went real slow, in and out, trying to bring my sister down a little. After a few minutes I pulled out of Jewel and replaced her face with my dick, jamming myself into Jenn with all that I had.

She hadn't expected it or just had her eyes closed, but the moment I plunged inside her, Jenn's pelvic muscles gripped me and made my fucking of her go from fast to slow, due to her constriction of her pelvis. I was past the point of no return and started to cum in my Mom's sister's pussy. I didn't realize just how strong my will to fuck my aunt was, because I really enjoyed cumming inside Jenn.

Jewel stood up and moved herself in position so I could suck on her pussy while I was inside Jenn. The guys in the pornos make it look easy, but fucking one girl and sucking another is not as easy as those X-rated actors and actresses make it appear.

I grabbed Jewel's ass and brought her pussy as close to my face as I could, licking her clit and making her tremble ... all the while Jenn was riding my dick, doing figure eights which got me hard enough to cum again. But I had cum twice already, I didn't think it was physically possible to cum a third time so soon after, but I certainly would give it my all.

I leaned back, since Jenn was doing all of the work. Once I was on my back, Jewel turned around facing me and dropped her pussy right over my mouth. She tasted so good ... Jenn was lengthening her strokes, thus causing me to get ready to cum. Jewel started to cum in my mouth and was really groaning loudly.

Jenn turned around, facing Jewel's back and, while holding onto Jewel, Jenn restarted her inhalation of my dick while Jewel was coming down from her orgasm into my mouth.

Jewel got up and watched as Jenn was getting close to her own orgasm, while I was very close to my third orgasm in the last 30 minutes. Jenn leaned over and we kissed while she fucked me. Why any man would leave her for another woman, totally mystifies me!

Jenn was really moaning while taking my dick. I was so close to cumming when...

"Hey, you guys ... I called you all for dinner ... oh shit, sorry," mom said barging in to the room.

She poked her head back in and said, "Dinner's on the table, you three. Open a window when you're done, OK?"

Jenn never broke her stride through all of this, and she started her orgasm very quickly ... I started to fuck Jenn real fast to get my last load off ... Jenn had her eyes closed and was saying, "Oh Joseph, you're one hell of a fuck!"

I felt the rumbling deep in my balls that I was going to cum any second, so I rolled Jenn on her back and went from medium speed to rocket speed, and screamed out that I was cumming, I felt so much cum leave my body. When I thought I was through cumming I moved my lips to Jenn tits and gave them both a suck, causing her to whine and say, "Don't stop now?"

Jewel had started a shower and I pulled out of Jenn and joined her for a quick soap down in the shower. Jewel was done in a moment and Jenn walked in and got in just as Jewel was getting out. Jewel looked at me and said, "Behave yourself, dinners ready downstairs. I'll see you two in a minute."

Jenn said as she got in the shower, "Your sister is one lucky girl, stud. Help me by putting some fingers in my snatch, would you?"

I did as she asked, which caused my cum to drip out of her ... I raised my hand to wash it, but she put her mouth on the fingers and sucked herself off of me. I washed my hands, pits and groin with soap and got out and got dressed ... waiting for my aunt.

She got out a moment later and got dressed and we walked downstairs to the dining area, where all eyes were on us, my Mom giving me a sly smile and Jenn, being Jenn, said, "Julia, your son is quite the fuck ... have you had him yet?"

Catching my mother by surprise, which was Jenn's intent, Jenn moved to the dinner table, I held out her chair for her — she said thanks, I then held out a chair for Jewel — she likewise said thanks.

"To answer your question as directly as I can, Jenn — No ... all requests must go through Jewel and I am cognizant of their burgeoning relationship. Let's eat!"

After dinner I asked Jenn if she would come and talk to Jewel and me, that we had a proposition for her. The look on her face was priceless and there was just enough intrigue in my request to get her to talk. She came up to my, now her room, plopped down and said, "What's up, guys? What's with the cloak and dagger?"

"I have a plan for me and Jewel to be together, not only her and in college at OSU, but together, married — legitimately!"

"I'm impressed that you two think I can help you, but why don't you just talk to your folks about all of this?"

"Because part of what we want is ... illegal, at least in the most technical sense of the word. We want to legally change Jewel's name so we can apply for a marriage license without getting ourselves, or Mom and Dad, in any trouble," I said.

"OK, then how can I help Joseph and Jewel start down the road to marriage?"

"Do you know any one who can fake a Social Security Card, Driver's License and Birth Certificate?"

"I might just know someone, but it's not cheap to get these things, maybe five hundred each for the SS Card and Birth Certificate, but Oregon has switched to one of those real high tech drivers license designs that is tamper resistant with bar codes and digitized signatures. If it's possible to do it at all, you couldn't afford it!"

"Why?" said Jewel.

"Three or four thousand dollars is my best guess," replied Jenn. "Why don't you just move to a part of the state that nobody knows you? OSU has a campus in Bend, called OSU Cascades, maybe you could change your application from the main OSU campus in Corvallis to the Cascades, where your same last names could get you married housing?"

"Gosh, Jenn ... that's a great idea, and we'd still be only be 200 miles away from Mom and Dad!"

"Yeah, thanks Jenn," said Jewel, walking over to hug her, but Jenn was having none of that ... she wanted a different kind of thanks, taking Jewel by the head and planting a kiss, directly on her lips. Jewel, at first, was unsure what to make of this, but quickly realized that a woman kisses another woman a little differently than a man kisses a woman. At least that's what I have observed in all of the lesbian porn I've ever watched.

I could tell that Jewel had started to enjoy this, due to the fact that she had stuck her hand down Jenn pants and was frantically trying to get a couple of fingers into Jenn pussy. I saw Jenn returning the favor in kind, making both of them quite sexually charged.

Since I was literally sapped of strength, from our earlier ménage a trois, I retired to the beanbag chair in the corner and simply watched two girls kissing! Wow ... what a summer I've had so far, and now I get to watch my girlfriend/sister make out with my mother's sister.

They had both taken off each other's pants, and while separated took off their own tops. There they lay, on the bed, and both were naked. They looked over at me, and I waived them off mouthing, 'too tired, I'll just watch' to them. I did get up to lock the door, figuring Mom walked into one scene today ... No need to tempt fate. After falling back into the beanbag, I put my hands behind my head and looked over to the bed seeing that the girls had gotten into the classic 69 position, with Jenn on the bottom. They had positioned themselves so I could see Jewel opening up and slobbering over Jenn quite pink labia. Jewel put her index finger inside and started finger-fucking Jenn, causing her to moan. I think Jenn must have reciprocated because a moment later, Jewel had started jerking her body and making some really serious sounding groans, the kind I thought only I could make her have.

Jewel had kept on going even though she was having a hard time because of what was being done to her. Jewel stopped and pushed her face deep into Jenn groin and went back to using her tongue on Jenn pussy hole. I had put my hand down into my pants and had started to play with myself a little, thinking about the scene in front of me as well as thinking about what Jenn had asked my Mom earlier, when she said, "all requests must go through Jewel!"

Putting an image of my naked mother in my head was all I needed to really start wanking myself off. I was quickly getting myself hard, and I must have been making some noise, because Jewel moved her head and saw me with my hand down my pants and quietly got me to come over to her. She mouthed 'drop your pants' and I did. She went back to work on the pussy in front of her as I carefully leaned over the edge of the bed and gave my sister a very wet kiss.

She pointed at my dick and then to Jenn's pussy, making it clear that what she wanted me to do. I had my dick quite hard and in my hand ... what should I do with this? I decided to get my knees up on the bed and was ready for the next time Jewel moved her lips off of Jenn pussy. Waiting courteously, Jewel decided to take a break on giving, but was still receiving a vigorous licking of her own.

I plunged, without any announcement, deeply and quickly into Jenn's quite moist pussy, and there was a gigantic groan that came from beneath Jewel, that affirmed my success in my direct assault on the closest available pussy and I then started to pound mercilessly while inside my aunt. Since this had happened before, she speedily responded to my attack on her by finger fucking Jewel, but this time with more than one finger. I could tell this, because back at the lake, I had used three fingers on Jewel and she made a very similar squeal.

While I was deeply fucking Jenn from behind, Jewel would take my dick every now and again, and suck on it a few times then push it into Jenn. We had watched some porn and saw some of the women do this, thinking it looked kind of forced, but apparently it happens in everyday sex as well.

Jewel's orgasm was about to start ... we'd had enough sex for me to know that she was seconds away from screaming bloody murder, so I pulled out of Jenn and started face fucking Jewel, which I hadn't done before, although Jewel made a wonderful sound that told me this wouldn't be the last time my dick would be in her mouth.

Jenn made a sound and had apparently started her orgasm right then, causing Jewel to get off, which caused my dick to come out of her mouth. Jewel jumped off the bed and came over and slurped my dick back into her mouth where she finished me off, spurting in her mouth, while Jenn was coming down from her own orgasm.

She caught her breath, long enough to say, "Wherever you kids end up at, I want to come and visit you often, OK?"

Early the next morning, Jewel and I asked to borrow the car to go to OSU Cascades in Bend. After explaining why, without telling Mom and Dad about our previous idea of buying a new identity for Jewel, they said it was OK, and told us to drive carefully. Mom handed me some money and said, "That's a four hour plus drive, honey ... if you have to, stay over and come back in the morning. Take 5 south and go 126 into Bend, it takes a little longer but it's safer."

I gave Mom a hug and said, "Thank you Mom, you really are the best Mom ever!"

"How about I go with you guys?" Jenn asked.

Jewel responded, "As fun as last night was Jenn, I want to be alone with Joseph today, do you mind?"

Jenn eyes moistened, as she said, "No -- I understand what you two mean to one another Have the day to yourself ... I may go help your parents at work."

"You want to help yourself to some more of Stephen, don't you?" said Jewel.

"You kids know me too well, don't you?" she grinned.

We laughed as we prepared a basket of goodies to take on our trip to Bend. I went upstairs to get some music for the trip. I didn't see Jenn come up behind me.

"Joseph, you better treat that young lady like a princess, or I'll find you and beat the living shit out of you," Jenn said.

"I love you too, Jenn ... but just not the same way I love her," I replied, as I caught myself tearing up a little."

"Have a safe trip, you two ... don't do anything I wouldn't do," Jenn said with a very devious smile.

"Is there anything, you wouldn't do?" Jewel said as we re-entered the kitchen.

"Actually ... no there isn't!" Jenn re-responded laughing wickedly.

After filling the tank on the car, we headed out with me driving. We planned to alternate, so the other one could rest a little. Five hours and fifteen minutes later, we arrived at the Value Inn in Bend, deciding to crash before scoping out Bend and the Campus.

Jewel and I had packed a few clothes for this trip, so we stripped and rested together in a real soft queen bed. I spooned up behind her, placing my left hand on the underside of her left breast.

I heard her say as she was falling asleep, "That feels so nice, Joseph ... maybe later."

I woke up quite refreshed, looked around and heard Jewel in the bathroom, humming something I recognized but couldn't remember the name of. I had to pee, so I went in and she was stepping into the shower.

"Join me, when you're done Joseph ... I need you to wash my back please."

I love it when she gets all flirty like this, I think she had been a little intimidated around Jenn, but she's back, beautiful and as adventurous as I had hoped she would be.

I yelled, "Flushing!"

I heard, "Thank you, come on in JJ."

"I thought you weren't going to call me that anymore," I said.

"Anyhow, I called Mom to tell her we got here OK," Jewel said.

I walked into the shower. Jewel is so beautiful, I went up to her and gave her a big sloppy kiss and pushed our bodies into each other. She got down on her knees and quickly had my dick in her mouth, sucking and licking all along the bottom ridge of my now hardening muscle.

Knowing that this shower wouldn't have as much hot water as we would hope, I started washing her hair while she was blowing me. Actually the combination of having my hands in her hair while she had her mouth on my cock was almost more than I could take. I soaped up her hair and she was getting me quite ready to blow. I tried to calm down a little and kept from cumming for a minute. I started to rinse her hair out and Jewel suddenly pushed forward and had me completely in her mouth for the first time. I couldn't hold it together any longer, I came straight down her throat, maybe four spurts or so.

She stood up and finished rinsing her hair and said, "That was so sensuous, with your hands in my hair Joseph. Let's get out of the shower and finish this in the bed." I opened the curtain and grabbed a towel for Jewel and one for myself.

We got back on the bed, with Jewel on her back. I moved down to start eating her out, but she said, "Fuck me please, Bro!"

Obligingly, I went up to her face and kissed her deeply and lovingly, while I maneuvered my dick to her very wet opening and pushed my way in, causing her to groan quite loudly.

"Oh, yeah ... Joseph ... fuck me!"

I started up with an easy pace, knowing I was going to last a while since the bj in the shower. I was just sawing my dick in and out of her, over and over ... she was moaning and had her eyes closed, just enjoying the rhythm of my stroking. Oh, she felt so damn good, just being there, her beautiful breasts moving around on her chest, back and forth. I was getting a little closer, although maybe I just thought I was, because it felt so good to be inside her.

I was moving so effortlessly in and out, back and forth. I'm finally learning how to last longer ... actually Jenn gave me some information about prolonging sex, which could only make Jewel happy -- that is what I want to do with the rest of my life -- make Jewel happy. I was being as loving and as kind as I knew how to be, because I know Jewel deserves to be loved. I had actually started to moan now myself, driving into Jewel and leaning over and kissing on those wonderful breasts of hers. She opened her eyes to look at me ... she saw that my eyes were moist. A look of wonderment came over her face and she motioned for me to kiss her on the lips.

I heeded her instructions, carefully making sure we didn't disconnect, and our lips met and both of our eyes were moist with love. Jewel moved towards my ear and whispered, "Cum in me, please Joseph ... I know you love me and I love you. Cum in me. We've found a place to live and love each other, the way we want to. We can go to school during the day, and fuck like bunnies during the night. Just you and me, Joseph; Fuck me — fuck me — fuck me."

"Oh, Jewel ... I care so much for you. I don't know for sure when I fell in love with you, but it's always been only you. I couldn't love another person as much as I love my Jewel. I think I'm ready to finish now. You want me to cum on you or in you?"

"You decide, lover -- you know what I like, you care for me like no other has cared for me. Just cum ... Please fill me with your cum, right now -- don't stop ... oh god ... oh my ... Joseph are you about to cum?"

"Yes, my dear Jewel, my diamond ... you mean so much more to me than anything or anyone I've ever felt for in my life. I'm — about — to — cum, ohhhhhhhhhh, Jewel ... Here it is honey, ooooohhhhh yeah, I love you — I love you so much."

I was crying so hard I couldn't see her, but I felt her orgasm on my dick ... I felt her love in my heart. We can do this, can't we? We can be in love and still be brother and sister. I saw her sobbing as well, hoping she was ... for the same reason I was. I rolled us so she was on top ... she pushed herself up and rolled my nipples, causing me to flex my dick that was still inside her. She looked down at me and said, "That was better than at the park, Joseph ... you're getting better at this, we both are."

"Go ahead and clean up, Jewel," I said. "I'll wait for you."

"I know you will, Joseph -- and I'll wait for you, too."

We took a nap and got up about 3pm and decided to drive around and scope out Bend. Neither one of us had been here before; so learning the lay of the land couldn't hurt.

We drove over to the Central Oregon Community College campus, driving around the campus and ending up at the OSU-Cascades Campus, which sits on the north end of the property.

We parked and walked into the Library, holding hands and looking like two teenagers in love. We saw that this library was just as big as the OSU main campus library. We picked up a School Catalogue as a nice young lady walked up to us.

"Can I help you find anything?" she said.

"We're thinking of transferring to here from the Corvallis Campus," I said.

"Well, there are loads of classes and programs to choose from ... where are you visiting from exactly?"

"Well, we were starting in the Fall at OSU! We're going to be married. I'm Joseph Josephson and this pretty girl is my fiancé, Jewel Williams!"

Jewel smiled and added, "We've been engaged for five months, looking for a place to live as well as go to school."

"A lot of what you have asked is in the School Catalogue ... by the way, my name is Tiffany; I'm a student here at OSUC, as well. Nice to meet you two, Wow, engaged already! Good luck to you — don't wait too long to transfer, or you might have to wait for the February Semester, which just opened last week."

"Thank you, Tiffany," Jewel said. "Put your eyes back in your head, Joseph ... I saw you looking at her butt."

"I was just looking at it to compare it to yours sweetie," I covered.

"Let's see what they have as far as off-campus housing is concerned," I said.

We got back into the car and drove around Bend, staying close to the campus. We found a nice-looking apartment complex called Fox Hollow, parked and walked into the 'show apartment.'

"Can I help you?" a clean cut looking young man said to us.

"Well," I said. "My fiancé and I are coming to school in Bend at the OSU-Cascades campus, and we are looking to find out what's available off-campus."

"Well, my name is Jacob, I live here as a student at Cascades as well. What are you looking for exactly, one or two bedroom?"

"One bedroom, Jacob," Jewel said flashing a smile at Jacob. I mentioned, "We'd prefer a furnished apartment if you have them?"

"Sure ... you don't have the money to spend on beds and stuff, what student does?" Jacob reasoned.

"Exactly, this apartment is nice. Could we walk through it, please?" I asked.

"Go ahead, if you have any questions, I'll be right here," Jacob said.

Jewel and I walked around noticing the bedroom was as big as ours was back home. The kitchen, dining room, and living room were all one big room, but that's to be expected, I guess. We wandered back to the front room, where Jacob was drinking a glass of water.

"Well, this is nice, Jacob," I started. "We don't know if we're starting in the September or the February Semester ... do you have openings all year round or what?"

"This is one of five apartment complexes run by the same company. The apartments themselves are similar at each place. We really do have available apartments year round, if you're willing to travel to get to school each day."

"We may have a vehicle, I'm not sure, what about a bus schedule?" I asked.

"Every bus in town has at least one stop a day at the Cascades Campus," Jacob said with authority.

"What's the monthly rate, Jacob?" Jewel inquired.

"One bedroom, un-furnished, $395 a month, One bedroom, furnished, $495 a month; we pay water and garbage, you pay electrical, phone and Internet, as needed. These days, fewer and fewer people have a phone line in their home anymore, what with smart phones. Here's a flyer that has all of our complexes, phone numbers and email addresses. Where are you two visiting from, if you don't mind my asking?"

"Lincoln City," Jewel said.

"And you aren't going to OSU in Corvallis because you don't want to see the same kids you grew up with everyday ... is that safe to say?"

"Exactly, Jacob ... so where did you come from?"

"Portland, I saw the same kids everyday from 4th grade until high school graduation ... They were nice people, I just wanted a new circle of friends. Of course the benefit of your parents not breathing down your neck was a motivation as well."

Jewel and I laughed out loud at that remark. Yep, no folks for 300 miles!

"Thanks a lot, Jacob ... after we apply and find out about a car, we'll be in touch. Write your number on this flyer so we can get in contact with you as things get closer."

"Sure, I'll give you my email as well. Good luck to you both!"

We went out to eat and found a wonderful place called Pilot Butte Drive-in Restaurant, one of those old-fashioned stay in the car places, although the employees didn't have roller skates on. After eating and having the food taken away, we asked our server Cathy if we could have a couple of job applications, and she was very nice and, as she gave them to us, she said, "They're always hiring, the students at OSUC and COCC come to work for a semester or two, then leave and blow all of their money somewhere else."

I said thank you to Cathy, and Jewel hit me in the shoulder saying, "I saw you looking at her boobs, her eyes were pretty too, in case you didn't notice."

"I did notice that she had beautiful, extraordinary ... brown eyes, but her boobs were at my eye level, so what can I say to make it up to you, sweetie?"

"You just did, I love being jealous. It makes you so nervous."

"I saw how you were looking at Jacob earlier, Jewel. That jealousy thing works both ways. Maybe what we need is a pact of sorts, maybe a 'look but don't touch' policy when we see someone attractive."

"What, you wanted to 'touch' Tiffany at the library or maybe Cathy with her big beautiful 'eyes?'"

"NO! -- That is not what I want! I want you, every minute of every hour of every day ... I want you, to look at, to love, to lust for and to have babies with."

"You want to have babies with me, Joseph?" Her eyes opened wide.

"Absolutely, Jewel ... after we're through with school of course. A little boy or girl with you is one of the things I dream about, all the time."

"I'm sorry Joseph, I didn't realize my jealousy bothered you, I just hope I can love you as much as you love me."

"Not a doubt in my head about that, Jewel."

"Let's get back to the hotel and practice some more," Jewel said.

We went back to the hotel, fucked each other again, changed and went out to dinner! We found a nice place earlier in the day called, Ariana's Restaurant. It looked expensive, but I thought I should treat my girl to a nice dinner in a nice place. We shared Filet Mignon-Prime Beef Tenderloin, served with Organic Creamed Spinach, Walla Walla Onion Rings, and Cabrales Cheese. It was fantastic! I'm going to remember this place after we move here. I want to have a 'Date Night' with Jewel, to remind us of our love for each other, but at these prices, it might have to be once a month, instead of once a week.

We had a wonderful time today in Bend, tomorrow we check out the campus, and do some more looking around the town.

The next morning, we woke up quite refreshed and we were ready to really check out the area. We drove by a market and got some goodies for our picnic later in the day.

Among other things, we checked out the different parks in town, with the biggest being, Pilot Butte State Park, down to the little neighborhood parks like Foxborough or Juniper Parks.

Where Lincoln City is a city of about eight thousand people, Bend is a city approaching eighty thousand people or so, I expect to experience a little 'culture shock' while here, but it still has the feel of a small town.

We also stopped at, and got applications from a number of food places all over the city. We don't know if we'll have a car when we get here for school, so I had the idea to park the car and catch a ride on the bus ... to ride it and get a working knowledge of the routes. We saw where the bus arrives at the OSUC campus; we got off there, walked around a bit and then waited for the next bus and then got back on, meeting a new bunch of people along the way. We were sure to always hold each other's hands, so we couldn't get separated.

We heard a voice yell, "Hey Jewel and Joseph!"

It was Jacob, who had shown us an apartment the other day.

"I'm actually on my way to sit at another one of the Apartment Complex's. Would you care to join me, and see a different part of Bend?"

"Sure," we said.

We stayed on the bus for about 10 minutes and got off with Jacob by Foxborough Park, where we'd traveled by earlier in the day. The name of this complex is appropriately named Foxborough, although Jacob was at a loss for which came first, the park or the apartments?

Jacob opened up and let us see the specifics of this place, differently painted, but fundamentally the same kind of floor plans as Fox Hollow. After walking the perimeter of the complex, we asked Jacob which bus to get back on, so we can get back to where we parked the car.

We waved goodbye and went back to the bus stop and waited for the bus. We decided to warm each other up, by kissing a little, at first it felt a little strange to kiss in public, but that's one of the perks of coming here for school.

We got back to where our car was, and drove to Sunset View Park and had our picnic, which consisted of sandwiches, chips and soda ... nothing too fancy. This park had some soft moguls to it, so we laid back and soaked up the sun for a bit, holding hands and just looking at each other. I decided I wanted to kiss Jewel, so I snuggled up and gave her a nice kiss. There were some cars honking at us ... we waved to them and they waved back -- This might be the perfect place to live.

We took a leisurely drive back to the hotel, and packed up our stuff and headed home, taking a different route, going on US-20 transitioning to OR-22 and home, cutting close to an hour off the trip.

We got home and unpacked, and took a nap together with me spooning up behind my lovely Jewel.

"Move up right behind me, Joseph. I want to feel that bog ole dick of yours against my ass," she said

"Sure," I said. "Anything for my beautiful Jewel."

We fell asleep.

"Hey Kids, We're home!"

The noise of Mom's voice, along with the bang of the front door, woke us both up. We got up and went downstairs to say hi to everyone.

"How was Bend, kids ... What all did you do?" mom asked.

"Did the car survive?" asked Dad.

We went through just about everything that happened to us while we were there, while helping set the table for dinner.

"So, you going to apply to OSUC, guys?" queried Jenn.

"It's a perfect place, Mom and Dad; the school has 18 Bachelor Degrees Programs. We brought home a School Catalogue and talked about what we want to focus on during the drive home."

"And what is that exactly, kids?" Jenn asked.

I replied by saying, "Well, since we'll both be Sophomores there, we're going to take as many required courses as we can together, and then I'll be going for a BA in Business Administration and a minor in Tourism and Outdoor Leadership, while Jewel will be going for a BA in Tourism and Outdoor Leadership, and a minor in Business Administration. That way we'll be cross-trained, so to speak, in each others degree program."

"We got the application materials to apply there ASAP, but we may not get approved in time, so we're prepared to not be able to start our programs until February next year," Jewel added. "But that's OK too, because we need to find a job to make money to have for school.

"We got on the bus today in Bend and rode it, from one end to the other, and it's entirely possible to live there without a car, and just use the bus to get to class and home, and just about anywhere in town you want to go. We know that finances are tight, so even if Joseph gets a partial scholarship, we think we can both get jobs off-campus, and squeak out a living as three-quarter time married students, working 25 to 30 hours a week, each," Jewel added.

Mom, Dad and Jenn were all smiling like they were keeping a secret or something.

"Should we tell them?" dad said.

"I don't know, honey ... what do you think, Jenn?"

"Look at their faces, John?" Jenn said. "I think Joseph is going to burst a blood vessel in his neck if we don't tell them?"

"Tell us ... what, come on will somebody please open the bag and let the cat out," I asked.

"All right, Honey," mom said. "Jenn is going to stay here with us for the immediate future. She's selling her place!"

"And?" Jewel asked.

"Oh, and she told us, that as a 'wedding present' to the two of you, she is going to give Joseph, ownership of her Honda Accord, which you two can take to school with you. We'll pay your insurance, but you pay all of the operational costs."

Jewel ran to Jenn and they hugged like they hadn't seen each other in 20 years. Jenn came over to me and hugged me too, and she squeezed my butt cheeks whispering to me, "I'll need at least one 'payment' from you a month, until you leave. Is that a deal?" I looked over at Jewel, who nodded her head - I whispered back, "Deal!"

"That's only part of the news, kids. Your Dad and I've been socking money away for the two of you for quite some time, and we have a little over $57 thousand in your 'College Fund.' It can only be used for college expenses, we'll sign it over to you just before you leave to start classes."

Now the hugs happened with me and Mom, and Jewel and Dad. Everybody was crying, or on the verge of crying.

We sat down to dinner and Jewel and I kept looking up at each other, with Jenn giggling each time we did it.

Out of nowhere, Jewel said, "Medford!"

"Yeah, Jewel ... what about it?" I said.

"Jenn has a place to live - in Medford ... right?" she said turning to our aunt.

"Yeah," I said. "What of it?"

"Isn't there a four year university in Medford?" Jewel said, as my face started turning into a smile.

"Yeah, there is Jewel -- it's Southern Oregon University!" I said.

Jenn joined in, "And it's only six blocks from my place, you could live there and go to SOU ... that's actually a great idea. I could sublet to you guys, for a minimal fee. You'd have a place to live near your college!" The excitement was palpable!

"Wait a minute - wait a minute, everybody just slow down a minute!" dad interrupted. "You two were just about to apply to OSUC and now you want to go even farther from home, and apply to SOU? You can't keep changing your minds like this, you've got to hunker down and make a decision, and not change your mind an hour later. There ... I said my piece!"

Mom was giggling and she said, "Did you just use the phrase 'hunker down' dear? My god -- that expression went out of use over 20 years ago. I think it's a marvelous idea kids, provided they can get accepted into the school."

"After dinner is over, Jewel and I will go online to see if there is a program we like ... if not, we'll stay with our plan to go to OSUC. Would that make everybody happy?" I said, looking at Dad.

I heard two yes's and a hell yes, from Jenn.

We all went back to dinner. After eating a few bites I leaned into Jewel and said, "I love you!" she," said back to me, "I love you too, Joseph!"
Chapter 5
Home | Top | Richard King's Page |   Feedback to author


 
Home | Richard King's Page « Jewel Index « Previous
Chapter 5
Posted: May 08, 2012 - 06:02:34 pm
Updated: May 18, 2012 - 08:16:37 pm

After dinner, Jewel and I looked over Southern Oregon University. We determined that Medford is only a little farther away from Lincoln City then Bend was -- only better roads.

They've got something they call their Accelerated Baccalaureate Program, a program to help you get through your Degree in only three years. The catch, so to speak, is once you select your Degree Program, there's no changing your mind!

Now, we need to find a Degree Program we like; my quick list is Business, Communication, Computer Science, Economics, and Mathematics. Jewel's quick list is Health & Physical Education, Elementary Education, Economics and Business. Hmmm ... we have Business and Economics in common. There's a start.

"Hey Jewel?"

"What Joseph?"

"I don't know why for sure, but I'm horny," I said.

"Well, would you like to give or receive?" she smiled in response.

"Hmmm ... Give AND Receive!"

"I was hoping you'd say that, Joseph!"

She got down on her knees and fished my dick out of my pants. I was hard because ... I was hard! I closed my eyes and she started slurping and playing with the end of my dick, which was now getting even harder.

She's getting better every time she does this, making it really difficult to last longer than about thirty seconds in her mouth. But I try to think of something else, maybe baby birds or a real big bowl of ice cream, with chocolate syrup on top ... damn ... wrong image -- try again? Walking through a train, watching a young mother tying the shoes of her little boy ... yeah ... that's working, I looked closely at the woman and it's my mother and the little boy is me. I remember this now ... we took a train trip to visit her folks in Wyoming. I was very little, but I remember this moment very clearly.

Oh, my god ... Jewel is sucking on my nuts ... damn it ... hold it Joseph ... holdback? My mind is remembering another moment. Jewel and I are on a train, and there's a little girl at our feet, tugging on Jewel's skirt saying, "Mommy — look at the buffalo, aren't they pretty?" Buffalo, we must be traveling through the Midwest somewhere. Jewel looks so pretty in that skirt. Could this be our little girl? Oh my god ... she looks just like Jewel, she's such a cutie-pie?

I now feel Jewel's hand on me again, trying to finish me? I feel her pulling me down. I open my eyes and see her pussy in front of me and I dive in with fervor, quickly putting my tongue deep into her pussy. I'm probing, and her clit gets hard in my mouth. I suck on it a little, and slurp in all of the juices she's creating. I put a finger in her, alongside my tongue. This causes her body to jump a little, but I stay in contact with her, using my entire mouth on her.

I heard her say, "I'm ready Joseph, let's fuck!"

I got up from where I was and wiped my mouth on the bed sheets. Jewel's told me she doesn't really like me to kiss her after I go down on her. It's the little things that make a good relationship. So I'm now kissing her and moving my dick to the area of her pussy. She must be anxious because she grabs me by my dick and positioned me, right at her moistening entrance.

"Do it!" she says. "Fill me up — I need you!"

I pushed in all the way and listened to her grunt in response. She loves it when I do that ... just push in all the way. I pulled back out about halfway and started a very rhythmic thrusting into her. I'm glad I hadn't cum yet, I have a great big load for her and I always like to dump as big a load as I can into my beautiful sister.

She's enjoying this, I can tell. She's closed her eyes, and is really delighting in this fuck. I'm moving along and I close my eyes again myself.

I'm back on the train, with Jewel and the little girl. I look a little closer and I see that Jewel is pregnant as well. She turns to the little girl and says, "Your Daddy is still sleeping, Jet. We're going to surprise him with some lunch, OK?"

Oh, my goodness ... Jet! That's a black gemstone. What a beautiful name for a beautiful little girl, who has an absolutely gorgeous mother. I realize I'm crying, but it's a good cry ... a really good cry!

I open my eyes and see Jewel under me; she seems to be crying as well. Could we have shared the same moment? No, that's not likely! I look up at the clock and see I've been inside her for about twenty minutes. I've never lasted anything close to this long before - this woman is so remarkable.

Now, both of us have our eyes open, and I decided to take it up a speed, so I start really pumping inside my sister, going so fast that I'm worried about passing out, but my Jewel, and maybe my Jet, are in my future and I'm feeling the juice from deep inside starting to bubble up.

"Jewel, honey — I'm close ... real close!"

"Whenever, Joseph ... I love you, you know!"

"Oh, baby ... I love you too, this is gonna be a gusher..." and then I came; I felt one, then another and then at least five more massive spurts inside my glorious sister, that I love more than anything ever in my life.

"I feel it, Joseph ... god there is so much, where did it all come from?" she cried.

"From my heart, Jewel ... from deep inside my heart!"

After we cleaned up and took a shower, I was putting on a change of clothes, and I said, "Jewel, I've got a name for a little girl, for when we have kids."

Jewel looked shocked ... I don't know if it was because I mentioned having children or not, or because we had never discussed anything like this before.

"Jo — Joseph, did you say a little girl? What brought this up?"

"I started thinking about it during the sex we just had ... a little girl popped in my head. She looked just like you, except cuter."

"Ooooohhhhh, Joseph!" she cried. "Was her name Jet?"

Jewel and I went back to looking at Southern Oregon University's academics programs. Unlike at Oregon State University — Cascades, we maybe should look at being in the same degree program. With that in mind, I suggested we each make a list of which degree program we like most, and we'll pick the one that is nearest the top of both our lists.

After we both spent a little time, separately, in front of the computer, my list was as follows.

Business Management

Elementary Education

Mathematics

International Studies

Jewel handed me her list, I smiled ... it was as follows,

Elementary Education

Mathematics

Physics

Business Management

We hugged each other and, I said, "Elementary, my dear Jet," in a horrible British Sherlock Holmes-style accent.

"What did you just call me, Joseph?"

"You have been after me to give you a nickname, so I've got one now ... do you approve of it?"

"Oh, Yes," she shrieked.

Her shriek, brought everybody up to the room, although they knocked, I guess they thought, it might be one of 'those' shrieks. We chuckled, and told them to come on in, and told them that we wanted to go to SOU and become Elementary School Teachers.

That brought a tear to my mother's eyes, she had always wanted to be a teacher, but she married, and had us before she had got started on her lifetime goal.

Dad gave me a pat on my back and said, "Look out for her, son ... she's the only daughter we've got." He had a tear in his eye as well.

Jenn was crying as well, but I think she wasn't sure why, but she had been caught up in the emotion of the moment.

"Congratulations to you two, you will be quite busy with that degree. I know some girls who went through it. They keep you busy during the summer as well, especially in the Accelerated Baccalaureate Program, which I assume you will be doing?" Jenn said.

I looked at her and said, "how in the world..."

"Everyone in EE goes through it, to get through the program ready for a paying job! I'm not just a pretty face you know. I keep up on these things," she said as she broke into a fabulous smile."

"Well, Jet and I will be busy, they have..."

"What did you just call your sister?" mom asked, bringing a hand to her mouth.

"She had been bugging me to give her a nickname Mom, so after I dreamed we had a little girl named Jet, I decided on that."

"What do you mean, you had a dream about a little girl named Jet?" mom asked, with a purpose.

I thought I should clean this story up a little, so, "Last night, while I was sleeping, I had a dream. I saw Jewel and I on a train, and there was a little girl tugging on her skirt, saying, 'Mommy Mommy, look at the buffalo, ' and Jewel had said something about getting Daddy breakfast."

Mom, blinking her eyes to hold off crying, responded by saying, "I never told anyone this, but my Mother's nickname was Jet, her name was Juliet, of course ... apparently I couldn't pronounce her name, as well as I could say Jet, so I ended up calling her Jet, when I wasn't calling her Mom!"

Mom was now openly sobbing and went to hug Jewel, who was in tears because of this story. They held each other very close and finally they separated with Mom giving Jewel a peck on the cheek.

It was late enough to go to bed for the evening. I decided I needed to say something to Mom, so I knocked on their door, waited for a 'enter, ' and walked up to Mom and gave her a great big hug. She was in a pretty nightgown, but under the covers.

"What was that for, not that you ever need a reason to ever give your mother a hug?"

"Mom," I replied. "I just wanted to thank you for sharing that wonderful story. I love you!"

Just then I saw Dad come out of their bathroom naked, with a hard-on saying, "Who was that... ?" Mom threw a pillow at him, saying, "Put something on, dear!" She laughed a bit.

"Julia - Just a minute ago you said, I quote, 'I want you naked!' Now you tell me to put something on. Joseph, do you understand women?" he said, still standing, still naked, AND still hard.

I covered my eyes, as I said, "Nope Dad, not even ... you two have fun, remember there are impressionable children in the house. So put something in her mouth to keep her quiet, OK?"

"Joseph, that's so rude," mom said, still chuckling.

"That depends on exactly what he's about to put in your mouth," I said, as I left the room. I heard something hit the door. Mom must have thrown a shoe at me.

The next morning, I got up early enough to knock and walk into Jenn's room; she was just waking up.

"Am I dreaming, or has Big Joe come to have his way with me?"

"Well, I actually came in to ask if Jewel and I could borrow your car, soon to be our car, and drive down to Medford for a two night stay to check out the campus and such," I replied.

"Yes, but my payment is gonna be a quickie from Joseph first!" Jenn snickered.

"I expected as much from my hot Aunt Jenn. Jewel wants to leave in 30 minutes, so lets do it!" I took off my shirt and dropped my pants, taking off my boxers as I got in her bed that used to be my bed.

I pulled Jenn's panties off, finding out, as I expected, that she was very wet and must have been about to start by herself, if I hadn't come in.

No time for foreplay, I took my mostly hard dick and shoved it inside Jenn, causing her to gasp a little. She had been in control the other times we had had sex, so I was going to be a little more assertive.

I plunged as deep as I could go inside her, even leaning her up and pressing into her legs, causing me to be close to her cervix. I felt that I pushed against something, so I took very shallow strokes and pushed in real deep every time.

A low-pitched rumble came from Jenn, telling me she was about to cum — and cum hard. I leaned into her and starting to stroke real fast into her ... I was almost out of breath, and then I cut loose a horrid amount of good stuff into my aunt.

She leaned over and sucked me clean, smiled and said, "The keys are hanging by the door, Joseph. Damn, I'm going to have to take Stephen into the storeroom today!"

"Thanks, Jenn ... for everything!"

I was walking back to our bedroom, and Jewel came up to me and asked, "Did Jenn ask for 'payment, ' brother of mine?"

"Yeah, and she gave me back some change," I chuckled. "I'll take a quick shower and we'll go. Did you talk to Mom and Dad about us going?"

"Yeah, they're glad we've made our 'final decision' about school. I charged my laptop last night, so we can work on that list of things SOU wants for applying. I already made our picnic basket for today."

"I love you, my little Yogi Bear," laughing at my lackluster attempt at humor.

"I'll just think of you as my Ranger Joseph," Jewel replied.

I'll never be able to look at a Yogi Bear cartoon again in my whole life, now!

We were quickly on our way to Medford, taking I-5 practically the whole way. Mom and Dad will like that, an easy drive for us and for them, when they come to visit ... just not too often.

We found Jenn's place, less than two blocks from the campus. We pulled into her driveway, and using the key she gave us, we let ourselves in.

Jenn told me how to handle it, if Daniel was there when we got there, but thankfully he wasn't. We didn't see any signs that he was still living here ... good, I didn't want that confrontation to take place. We were very tired and crashed on the bed. It's rather comfortable, just the right amount of firmness to support me on top of my sister, but we were very tired.

We were awoken by a pounding on the door, and someone yelling, "Jenn, I know you're in there. Come out please?"

I got up out of bed, combed my hair quickly and opened the door, which startled Daniel, who said, "Who the hell are you?"

"I'm Jenn's nephew, Joseph and this is my fiancé Jet. My aunt gave me her car and we live here now, on a sublet. She told me to tell you, quote, Stay Away, unquote, and she won't press charges against you."

"Press Charges against me, for what?"

"I don't know man, all I know is she has moved out and we've moved in ... anything else I can do for you, have you got all of your personal stuff out like she'd asked?"

"Yeah, but..."

"Then thank you, have a nice life!" and I closed the door on him.

"That was fucking brilliant, Joseph. I am so impressed how you kept your cool. He was itching to hit something, and I was afraid it was gonna be you," Jewel said.

"Jenn told me he liked to hit, so I did what Dad told me to do, back when I was bullied in school."

"Which was?" Jewel asked.

"Be passive but assertive. Bullies like to bully because of the reaction they get from the guys they are bullying. If you stay calm, or even laugh a little, it diffuses them for the most part. It doesn't always work, but most of the time you can keep from having a bloody lip," I said.

"I don't remember you ever having a bloody lip, Joseph?"

"The school nurse would fix me up, and I would go on with my day, until the next bully came along."

"Let's go scope out the school and the town, OK, my conquering hero," she said, as she kissed me.

We drove straight to Southern Oregon University campus, which was right next to Rogue Community College. We found the Transfer Center; we had brought all of our paperwork with us, and tried to get a drop-in appointment. Surprisingly there was an available counselor who was still there.

"Sit down, please ... you seem to have your paperwork with you, where are you transferring from, may I ask, uh ... Joseph?"

"I'm coming straight from Lincoln City High, while my sister Jewel here, is transferring from Oregon Coast Community College. You have a letter in front of you — there it is — that I received from OCCC saying I could start there as a sophomore. Our goal, my sister and mine, is to enter your Accelerated Baccalaureate Program, to pursue a BS Degree in Elementary Education, our goal is to go back to Lincoln City and become Elementary School Teachers. Our Aunt has a home here, we will be living in, while we pursue this Degree."

"I'm quite impressed with the two of you, both having such a definite goal. You know that you would be quite busy all year round going for this degree, including summers."

"Yes, ma'am, we know that, but we're used to hard work ... our parents have a store in Lincoln City we would often work at, to help out whenever they asked us. My aunt, has moved in with them, making her place available to us, and she takes our place, so we don't feel we've abandoned our parents."

"How long are you here for kids?"

"Until tomorrow," said Jewel. "We came to look over the school as well as the City of Medford ... it's a bit bigger than Lincoln City, but what we've seen in our time here has given us both hope that we've made the proper decision."

"Well, your SAT and GPA scores are both more than adequate to get into the University as well as the ABP. Our conversation today can qualify as your essay, I see your transcripts going back to the beginning of high school. Very nice! Your parents should be quite proud of the two of you."

"My sister is my inspiration, Ma'am. She always helped me, when a class seemed to overwhelm me, and help me critically think my way through a number of decisions in my life, including this one."

I grabbed Jewel's hand and gave it a squeeze.

"Well, I approve of you, and usually I have final say on who gets in ABP, however you still need a few things:"

"One, Fill out an ABP Application, here is one for each of you."

"Second, attach a Resume, which should include volunteer and paid employment, academic awards, honors, community service awards and so forth."

"Third, Attach Two Exceptional Work Samples to your application."

"One work sample should be a recent research-style paper that demonstrates your writing ability, your ability to critically evaluate information from different sources, and your ability to present a clear, effective argument to support your thesis statement! DO NOT write a report or personal narrative!"

"The other work sample should be related to your chosen major. This is frequently a written assignment or project, but could also include photographs, artwork, videos, or any other media that allows you to demonstrate your ability, dedication, and interest in your chosen major. Only paper copies, please."

"And lastly, Obtain Three Recommendations, using the ABP Recommendation Form. Employers and teachers from your most recent school year are the best to get for this. Everything I've told you, along with a lot more detail is available online at the ABP Home page."

"Thank you very much for all your help ma'am. Would we be able to get in for the Fall Semester or have we waited too long?" I asked.

"Here's what I'll do for the two of you. I'll hold two spots, if you can get these four things done within the next eight days. Think you can do that?"

Jewel said with a lot of enthusiasm, "Yes we can. We'll be back here in seven days!"

"I like your passion Joseph and Jewel. Good luck on getting it all done. Now I have to get home to my husband. If I don't have dinner on the table by 6:30, he turns into a part of the furniture, and I don't mean that in a good way. Bye kids!"

"Thank you, bye," we both said.

"Wow, that was a trip, Joseph!"

"Yes, it was ... I saw her name, but she never offered it, it was Mary Ann Wright. She's the ABP Executive Assistant, I saw it on the website. We have only half of the things we need to have done finished, but I think we can do it. When we get home, we can probably get all this stuff done in one or two days, and then our future begins this fall in Medford, Oregon."

We went on to scope out the city. Medford is smaller in population than Bend, but still a lot larger than Lincoln City. There weren't as many parks around town as there was in Bend, but that's all right. There is a huge park called Bear Creek Park, which is where we'll picnic tomorrow. We drove through a number of fast food places to get applications.

We drove over to Roosevelt Elementary School, and just parked to watch the children play for a while. I felt Jewel's hand on mine and saw a tear running down her cheek.

"Penny for your thoughts," I said.

"This is where our kids could go to school someday, Joseph," Jewel said with a bit of sentimentality in her voice.

"We have a lot of school to do, before we can even think of having kids of our own, Jet!" I responded.

"I so love it when you call me that, Joseph. Look at that little girl ... over there, by herself. That reminds me of me when I was her age. I was always by myself, finding something to do all by myself." She was crying now ... all I did was put my arms around her and hold her. After a little bit, she turned to me and said, "I love you!"

"Are you hungry, Jet? I'm famished? Let's get some food and take to our place to eat."

"I remember seeing a Schlotzsky's Deli, just before we got off the highway to come here, Joseph."

"Sounds like a plan, lover!" I said.

"You know, since we had to tell Ms. Wright we were brother and sister, we might not be as free to flaunt our relationship as we wanted."

"Yeah, I know ... but that doesn't matter to me anymore. I just want to be near you, able to smell you and taste you, and just drink in your originality and beauty," I said with a gulp in my throat.

After we got back from the deli, with our food, we had a leisurely paced evening meal. As horny as I was, I knew we had to work on our school entrance paperwork. While I filled out my ABP paperwork, Jewel filled out the online application for SOU that we both had yet to fill out. After we were done, we flipped and did the other application.

The work sample related to our chosen major will be the most difficult paper to design and write. I thought we should move on to our Work Resumes.

I organized my work at my folks place, my school awards and honors, my being an Eagle Scout at 15 ... that's not easy, girls start to distract you around 13 or 14, and suddenly, Scouting doesn't seem as important to you, but my folks were my rock and my Dad went with to a lot of campouts and a couple Jamborees, to help me. Jet and I both worked for Cal trans one summer, helping clean up Highway 1, along the coast. Any chance I had as a little brother, to do something with my big sister ... I took it, I was enamored of her at a very early age, much too early to mention right now.

I took the moment to look up at my sister who was still filling out the SOU application. She saw me smiling and mouthed 'what, ' but I just kept looking at her, thinking about how lucky I am, to be where I am, and to be with who I am. I hope that made better sense on the page than it did in my head.

I looked over at the clock and saw it was 2am, so I closed up the laptop, putting it on the charger ... and took the pen out of Jewel's hand, and we lay down, for the first night's sleep in our new home.
Chapter 6
Home | Top | Richard King's Page |   Feedback to author


 
Home | Richard King's Page « Jewel Index « Previous
Chapter 6
Posted: May 15, 2012 - 08:50:50 am
Updated: May 18, 2012 - 08:16:38 pm

I woke up the next morning, to the smell of coffee and bacon.

I threw on just enough clothes to be decent, and walked into the kitchen, where I saw my girl, fixing breakfast for us. Jewel was humming a tune I recognized as being from a Disney animated movie from long ago, but she was in a bra and panties, a far cry from any Disney animated movie sequence.

"Hi, Joseph!"

"Hi, Jet," I responded. That made her giggle, which made her breasts jiggle, which I enjoyed seeing.

"I don't know how old the bacon was, but it smelled OK to me, so that, and some fresh coffee, was all I dared try to prepare for my man."

"If I'm your man, then you're my woman! What are we doing after we eat today, Jet?" I picked up and smelled the bacon, and decided it was OK to eat.

"Well, I thought we'd labor over our work samples for a while, then maybe look around the city some more. I didn't have anything specific in mind, just work on our 'homework' and start planning on our move to here."

"Yeah, I was thinking about that as well ... all we really need to bring here from Lincoln City is all of our clothes and our computer stuff. Also, our music and movies, Jenn has a DVD player and a TV. That's about all, I think."

"You gonna leave Jenn your collection of porn, Joseph?" giggled Jewel.

"Hey, I worked hard on that collection of material, over the years!"

"Yeah, but now, you got these!" she said pulling off her bra and shoving her beautiful tits in my face, beating me with them. Oh, what a way to go!

She quickly put her bra back on and said, "No more for you, until you've worked on your 'homework' Joseph!"

"But, Jet?"

"Do I have to spank you or what?"

"That's supposed to motivate me to do homework? I don't think so!"

"We can play later. You want to get into SOU, don't you?"

"Yeah ... but I also want to get into my Jet," I whined.

"Hold onto that thought -- Maybe later!"

I went to the laptop and started researching my 'work sample.' I got into it, and rather quickly I had a rough draft of it ready for Jewel to look over.

She liked it, and using it as her model, she went to work on hers as well. Again, she had a rough draft within about 30 minutes, or so.

We called and talked to Jenn. I told her about the conversation I had with Daniel. I also told her that it looked like everything of his was gone, which made her happy. We talked a little to Mom and Dad as well, telling them what we had planned and that we were planning on being home sometime late tonight.

"Let's go open some bank accounts, while we're here Joseph?" Jewel said.

"Good idea, Jet ... what do you think; separate or a joint account?"

"How about a checking account that has both our names on it, that either of us can use, and a separate savings bank account for the money we make while here; that way we won't mingle our personal money, with the money we get from Mom and Dad?"

"Very forward thinking of you, my dear!"

We packed up all our stuff, locking up the place behind us. Jewel had the idea for picking up applications at some of the private elementary schools in the area, to get a job in a non-teaching element to have some 'hands on' experience with children.

We then swung back by the Placement Center to thank Ms. Wright for all of the help she was to us, and we told her we would see her in a few days.

We drove around for a while, getting ourselves acquainted with this community that will become our life for the next three years, or more.

When we come back with more time, and more money, we decided we wanted to visit, and eat at Porters Dining at the Depot, and Jewel wanted to check out the Medford Shopping Center, hoping for a place to shop and get some new clothes.

We headed home, having concluded a quite satisfying trip to the city that is our destiny.

We pulled up a little after 8pm, tired and excited, as well as very hungry. Everyone met us at the door; Stephen was even over for dinner. Good girl Jenn, I knew that they would end up a couple.

We had some of the pizza that had been ordered, and then went up to bed, begging off everybody's attempt to find out what all we did. We were zapped, and needed to get some rest.

The next morning, Jewel and I were the last to get up. We went in and found something to eat and then decided to work on some of our projects. The inclination to not work and play instead was high on Jewel's list, but I reminded her of our deadline.

Begrudgingly, we both went to work on those things we needed. We needed to get to our previous schools and get some information, so we trundled over to OCCC for Jewel and then Lincoln City High School for me.

Even though I had just graduated from there, it felt rather surreal going back to it, but I went to the Administration Building and asked to speak to Mrs. Playcraft. She was a very stacked redhead, only maybe 31 or 32, a lot younger than most of the other teachers at Lincoln City High School. Most guys could never get their eyes up to hers. Now that I see her from a different social perspective, she has pretty brown eyes.

Jewel went to this school as well, so we needed to be careful while we were here. Mrs. Playcraft came to the counter, and, looking her straight in her eyes, I had asked for a Written Recommendation to SOU, telling her that my sister and I were going there to become Elementary School Teachers. You should have seen the brilliant light that came on in her eyes, when I told her that.

She hugged both of us and said she would gladly fill it out for me, and one for Jewel. She then recommended Mr. Ralston and Ms. Pleather as my other recommendations. She took the forms and promised us that they would be all done by tomorrow. I thanked her again and we left.

"Joseph, if I didn't know better, I'd say she had a crush on you. All of that hugging and touching."

"Quit it, Jet ... I had it bad for her, but so did all the boys. She wore provocative clothes, and bent over a lot. Most of the guys were hard, the moment class started."

"Well, Joseph--we've dropped off our forms, we're closing in on having everything done, a lot quicker than I ever thought we would!"

After three more days, we had it all ready to take back to SOU. We had already created our entire matriculation plan, thinking that was a good idea, especially since we would be getting in just under the wire.

We gassed up the Honda, and headed back to Medford, leaving in the late afternoon this time. After getting a good nights rest, Jewel and I went back to the placement center.

We asked to see Ms. Wright.

We waited for about 20 minutes ... when Ms. Wright came out and said hello; inviting us in. After looking over all we had brought with us for about 10 minutes, Ms. Wright looked up at us and smiled.

"Congratulations to the both of you! I have never read such thought-provoking commentary on the elementary school system. Absolutely everything is in order. Oh, have you looked over the curriculum?"

"Here are our complete matriculation plans, Ma'am!" I said, handing them both to her.

"Well, Joseph ... I see you two have been holding out on me. Oh, these look very well organized. We've also been contacted by two of the local private elementary schools; they took an immediate interest in both of you as being interns, while attending SOU. Are you interested in that, kids?"

"Hell yes ... excuse me, I'm very sorry for that," said Jewel, catching herself.

Ms. Wright couldn't keep from laughing a bit at Jewel's gaffe. "That wouldn't be appropriate in front of the kids, but I understand the emotion. SOU classes start in eleven days. I would get your books for your first semester's classes while you're here. Have you moved into where you're living yet, or are you going back home one more time before things start?"

"Well, Ma'am..."

"Call me Mary Ann, please. I don't feel like a ma'am yet."

"Nor do you look like a ma'am either, Mary Ann!" I said with a smile on my face.

Looking at me, and then turning to Jewel when she said it, Mary Ann asked, "Is he for real, Jewel?"

"Yes, ma'am ... Mary Ann, that's my little brother, always smiling and always flirting."

I gave Jewel a light slap on the shoulder, than realized the possible impropriety of that. That made all three of us laugh.

"These classes you picked, I approve ... now go get your books, you two are going to really like it here. Joseph, control yourself ... flirting these days has its consequences ... and some benefits!" she said with a flirty smile right at me. She even winked at me.

When we got completely out of the building, Jewel rounded on me and said, "Are you crazy, flirting with the Executive Assistant of the ABP?"

"It was harmless, Jet! I just thought it would lighten the mood a little."

"Just remember, what I said to Jenn, you belong to me, buster. Go ahead and flirt all you want, just don't get caught with your pants down, or I'll have you emasculated ... in front of Mary Ann."

"Yes, dear ... let's call Mom and Dad, and tell them we are going to use the School Visa Card they gave us, to buy books."

I called Mom and told her that we got into SOU, and we had better buy books, so she gave me the debit pin number for using the card.

We decided we were going to get the books we would need, for the entire first year of the curriculum, so we went to the campus bookstore and got all of the books. It didn't make any sense to get two of everything; we could share the Math and Education textbooks. But we got two of all of the lab materiel workbooks.

It was almost too much to carry, so we decided, actually Jewel thought of it, to get a pair of SOU backpacks. Then we packed them up and walked out like we were students here.

Hey, we're students here!

We decided also to get a campus-parking permit.

"Well, Joseph ... what else do you want to do here?"

"You want to go out and do something?" I asked.

"What exactly do you have in mind, Joseph?" she said.

"I understand that those 14 year old professional dancers, Charles & Claire are coming into Medford for a single night, I've heard they're real good. Want to go and see them?"

"Do we get to dress up, Lover?"

"I'd love to see you in a evening dress or gown," I said lecherously.

"Yeah, I know, but when we got home, you could rip it off me and we could fuck the rest of the night.

"Why don't we go change, get something to eat then go to their Concert? It's at McNeal Pavilion, just south of Raider Stadium? We can leave for Lincoln City early tomorrow morning,"

"Sounds like a plan, I have a dress you've never seen," she said quite lusciously. I'm so lucky to be doing this all with my little brother, who also is my lover and life companion."

"Quiet down a little on the loud 'Oprah moment' Jet. We were planning on keeping this all on the down low, remember?"

"Yeah Joseph, of course you're right ... I'm just so excited I can't hardly stand it."

"Can you wait until we get home to Lincoln City or are you in need of an injection of 'Joseph' before we head home?"

"I may be more interested in Ms. Wright, she did seem kinda hot. I wonder what she was packing under that frilly blouse she had on, Joseph?"

"Are you insane, Jet? She didn't seem like the 'bi' type to me at all. My guess is she's packing a pair of double-d's inside that frilly blouse, as you call it."

"They are actually 36-F's kids, so you two are lovers ... or did I just hear wrong?"

"Ms. Wright ... Mary Ann, we ... well, we are ... uhm," I stuttered.

"So I did hear correctly ... didn't I? Don't worry you two, Oregon, at least Central Oregon, is very liberal ... and you guys will fit in here fine. So I guess that makes me, the only person on this entire campus that knows that Joseph and ... what did you call her, Jet, are both brother and sister, and boyfriend and girlfriend. Hmmm ... I'm certain that we can all work this out, can't we Joseph?" She put her hand on my shoulder.

I could tell that Jet was upset, but we also knew that this woman could cause us a lot of trouble, so Jet gritted her teeth and said, "When we get back here on Monday, come on over. I've learned how to share, I hope you do too, Mary Ann?"

Charles & Claire, along with his other dance partner, Kalista, were really something to watch. Maybe I can get Jewel to take some dance lessons with me; isn't dancing making love, only standing up?

On our trip home, I apologized again to Jewel about flirting with Mary Ann, but now it seems inevitable that a romp between the three of us will be happening sooner, than later.

We got home, and brought inside all of our school stuff. I promptly made some computer labels and labeled everything with our name, an email address, and a phone number.

In an effort to get all of our school application stuff done, we had been fighting our sexual impulses during that time. Now we're home for maybe the last time, for quite a while, so I made a 'do not disturb' sign and hung it on the door, along with a sock on the doorknob. Lastly, I closed the blinds and locked the door ... I wasn't going to let anyone or anything interrupt us, once we got started.

The phone rang.

"Hello," I said.

"Hello, Joseph ... this is Dad, you guys are home? I was just checking, I hope I didn't interrupt anything."

"Dad, Jet and I just got home and were hoping for some 'quiet one on one time.' Why don't you take Jenn and Mom to dinner after work, and maybe a hotel for the night, we're gonna be loud and proud all day."

"God, I envy you two; in love like you are, can't keep your hands off each other, and you're going away to pursue your dreams, together." I could tell that he was getting emotional; so was I. "We won't come home tonight, maybe I can get Jenn to join your mother and me in a threesome?" I heard him laughing as I put down the phone.

"Are we going to be alone, lover?" Jewel asked.

"All night, Dad's hoping to get some of Jenn later tonight?"

"He's her type ... he's got two legs--and a dick!"

We both laughed as we took off each other's clothes.

After getting naked, I lay back and just looked up at my sister/girlfriend/companion. As I stared at her, my dick was getting very big and very hard.

"Need some help with that?" Jewel said.

"Whatever you want, my beautiful and gorgeous sister."

"Flattery will get you everywhere," she said as she knelt before my slightly bent, but hard as steel dick.

She took it in her hand and pushed it up against my stomach. Then she licked the underside of it, making it throb a bit. She took my balls and plopped them both in her mouth and, using her tongue, played with them like they were a couple of M&Ms; really big M&Ms.

Doing this, I knew it would make me cum quickly, but she knew me by now; she knew if she got me off quick, then our second coupling would be wonderfully erotic and orgasmic. She continued sucking on my nuts, until she heard me start to pant, knowing that I was seconds from cumming, and she wanted it in her mouth.

"Oh-oh-oh, Jet ... I'm so close. Put your mouth back on my dick, please ... let me--let me cum in your mouth?" I cut loose a load just as she put her mouth on me. I must have put a couple of tablespoons in her, because she smacked her lips and quietly said, "Thank you, Bro!"

After I caught my breath, I moved from being on my back to being on her front, kissing her mouth, that now tasted of me, which I had gotten used to. While I was kissing her, I took her breasts in my hands and held them and just kissed both of them all over. I got her nipples between my fingers and rolled them both, which made her moan and tremble at the same time.

Skipping the joy of eating her, I moved into position for giving her one of my 30-minute long 'slow-fucks, ' which she had grown to love, over the last few weeks.

She used her hand to get me harder, and then I slowly put it inside her, pushing all of the way in, making her shudder, and then I started my leisurely paced fuck. She was enjoying it, as was I.

I closed my eyes, and I was remembering that day that I bought her the Rose. It was an early spring day, and I had bought it to apologize to her for telling her that I loved her. Now that I think about that, that was as stupid and romantic as I had been, in my relatively short life.

I remember Mom asking if 'we kissed and made up.' It was more kiss and make out, but at the time I was still forming my feelings for my older sister.

Jewels moans brought me back to the present. She was getting louder, and I placed my thumbs on her nipples, knowing that would get her close to orgasm ... I knew I was very close.

"Jet, are you close?"

"Yeah, Joseph ... real close, any time you want to ... speed up, I'll be there, just push that big dick in your sister, come on bro ... man up, show me what you got?"

I went from my medium speed to a bullet train speed and she was practically screaming at me to slow down--she needed me to go slower?

I took that as a challenge and started churning inside her as fast as I knew how to fuck. Her eyes rolled back into her head and she started to flop around, and I started to cum, and cum, oh god almighty! My nuts burned so bad, I must be using the emergency stash; I slowed down, but went very deep and she gave out a yell that was amazing to me.

I had to stop; she appeared to be out cold beneath me. I pulled out of her and she was breathing but really shallow. I had heard of woman going unconscious during sex, I just never expected it to happen to anyone I had been with. I glanced at my watch to keep an eye on her, but I stayed right next to her, just in case she needed me.

Less than five minutes later, her eyes opened and she looked over at me and asked, "Did I pass out Joseph? Ohmigod, that was fucking terrific."

"It might have been for you, but I've been waiting ... and was kind of worried about you."

We started our packing up our stuff; we kept all of our school paperwork and other such stuff, in our new backpacks.

We went online and ordered each of us the newest IPhone, and a MacBook Air for us to share, having it all shipped to our new address in Medford. I remembered that the entire SOU campus is a Wi-Fi hot spot, so we would always have good and fast, and cheap Internet. That meant that the only computer stuff we would be taking with us, was our printer, a relatively new model that should be enough to last for our three years there.

I took out the card that Mary Ann gave me and called it.

"Hello, this is Mary Ann Wright. How can I help you?"

"Hello, Ms. Wright?"

"Hello, Joseph ... I thought I told you to call me Mary Ann?"

"I know, but my parents taught me to treat my elders with respect."

"Your elders? Boy ... you're quite the Boy Scout aren't you?"

"Eagle Scout, Mary Ann ... with three palms."

"I have two more for you when you get back here, Joseph."

"I was calling to let you know when we would be back in Medford. My best guess is in three days, maybe four."

"Aren't you just the nicest young man, I could just eat you up, and I probably will."

"Thank you, Mary Ann, Jet and I will see you in a few days?"

"Bye, Joseph ... thanks for calling."

"Who were you talking to?" Jewel asked as she walked back in to the room.

"I called Mary Ann to tell her when we were coming back to Medford?"

"You called her ... you just can't wait to get your hands on her big boobies, can you?"

"Actually, that thought provokes me a little bit, but the main reason I called her, is to keep her happy, until we get back. The wrong word from her and we are in a stink pit of trouble, Jet!"

Three days later, we woke up and were ready to go to Medford. The house was empty, so we loaded up the Honda, and filled it with gas and headed to the craft store.

We parked and walked in, and a whole bunch of noisemakers went off, from all around us. All of the patrons in the store were applauding as the sign was revealed that said, "Good Luck in Medford, Joseph and Jewel!"

Of course, Jenn came up to Jewel and they hugged very hard, I heard Jenn say to Jewel, "Did you do as I suggested?" I saw Jewel nod her head. Jenn was after me next, not only hugging me, but she grabbed my buns and hoisted me up off the ground, with Mom telling her to stop it. Jenn said to me, "I have hidden microphones all over the place, so I'll know if you've been naughty or nice."

Yeah, right ... Mom and Dad came up to us and, couching their words, Mom said, "Treat her nice, Joseph ... kindness works better than meanness." Dad gave me a hug and said, very quietly, "Don't be shagging all the time, school work is important too!" We smiled at each other, and ended it with a high five. Jewel and Mom just looked at each other, and rolled their eyes.

On our way out, the Mayor of Lincoln City, George Tilley, handed us an envelope and said, "To Joseph and Jewel, may you always remember us." I choked up a bit, handing it to Jewel, to open it, and it was a bunch of gift certificates for most of the different burger chains around the country. Jewel gave him a great big hug, and I shook his hand. We waved goodbye to everyone, promising to email Mom, Dad and Jenn every day, at least for a while. Mom yelled out, "Call us when you get there?" That got a chuckle from the entire store of people.

We got into the Honda and quickly saw Lincoln City in our back window ... getting smaller and smaller.

We listened to music on our trip to Medford. We wouldn't see our parents, or any family until Christmastime. That's both exciting and terrifying. We got to our new home, and I picked up Jewel and carried her inside the house, closing the door with my hip, turning so Jewel could lock the door, and took my girl to the bedroom and lay her down softly on the bed.

I started to take off my clothes and this got Jewel undressing as well. Quicker than I had expected, there was a naked girl in my bed, and I planned to make some sweet love.

I climbed up and straight away had my hardening dick in my hand, ready for contact.

"What, no foreplay?" Jewel grinned.

"Not right now, Jet ... I plan on making you scream!"

"Oh, yeah ... Joseph, and how are you going to do that?"

"By doing this?" I took my dick and put in up against my sisters butt-hole. I used my finger to open her a little and then plopped my dick just inside her butt.

She screamed in pain for about 10 seconds and then the screams turned to lust. "Now what are you going to do, come on bro, fuck my ass!"

I never in my entire life expected to hear those words from my wonderfully, formerly demure older sister, so I decided to oblige her, and thrust myself deep into her butt. The smile on her face was fabulous. I started fucking her ass, like a piston, no slow fucking this time, just pure raw passion and pressure.

Using her fingers, she started playing with her own clit, squeezing then rubbing on it, back and forth. I was astonished at seeing her do this. I had seen her play with herself before, but this was something extraordinary. I kept pushing back in to her while she was playing.

I felt the rumble in my nuts. I decided not to tell her and just fuck through my cumming, which was seconds away. I lost my sense of balance for a second and leaned forward, pressing myself deeper into her, and I came, for the first time ... in my sister's ass, I came ... and I kept fucking her butt, and kept on until I had shrunk so much that I couldn't get it back inside her.

"Did you cum inside my butt, Joseph?"

"Yes, I did, my dearest Jet? Did you like it?"

"Oh, wow ... that was fucking fabulous! We need to schedule this every now and again. Go clean my ass off your dick, I want to suck on it and get you hard enough to fuck my pussy.

I did, she did, and I did.

We went back out to the car, and started the unloading. Our clothes were on top of everything else, except for the stuff we put in last minute. Jewel got all of our school stuff and put it on the dinner table, while I grabbed a handful of clothes and threw them on the bed. We had discussed that I would put the clothes on the bed and Jewel would put them away, and I would get all the rest of our stuff.

A UPS truck pulled up and asked if we were the Josephson's. Jewel had come out with the sound of a vehicle and chuckled at the young man's assumption. She came up to me and said, "Mr. Josephson ... I love you," while I was signing for the stuff.

As the deliveryman left, Jewel said, "He was kind of cute, actually ... especially in those cute shorts they all wear."

She took the boxes from me, saying, "If these are our new phones and Laptop, why are there four boxes?"

"Yeah, I was going to only get one laptop that we could share, but I decided last minute, Mrs. Josephson should have her own for class."

"Thank you, lover--I'll take them inside, you're the tech guy."

"And you're the tech guy's gal!" I grinned at her. She smiled back and swiveled her hips as she went back inside.

We finished the rest of the unloading ... proud of ourselves, we treated ourselves to Jackson Creek Pizza, which was only two blocks away from us. Good stuff, and close!

It wasn't until we came back from dinner that I realized I never called Mom to let her know we had arrived. She's the type to have a real conniption fit over something like this, so I called.

"Hello Mom, how are you?"

"How are you? I'm so glad that you took the time, out of your new lives, to call me; I'm simply your mother ... the woman who gave birth to you! What did you do before you called me? I'll bet you unloaded the car, and you went to get something to eat, and you probably stopped to fuck your sister along the way. But no, you wait until the last possible moment to call and tell your mother that you got there OK. Am I right, or am I right?"

"Mom, are you really mad, or are you just missing us already?" I asked. Jewel joined the conversation and said, "Hi Mom, how's it hanging?"

"Jewel, with the amount of school you have been to in your lifetime, the best you can do is 'how's it hanging, ' to your mother!"

"Chill out, Mom ... Joseph and I were busy, we had a lot to do, we got a delivery while we were unloading, cut us a break, Mom?"

"Mom," I said. "Jewel and I miss you terribly. We can understand how you feel, a little. We have a lot to do, before classes start in only four days, so understand we both love you, and at least one of us will email you every day, OK?"

"OK ... I'm sorry kids, I think maybe you're right, I do miss you, and now all I have left here is your father."

"I heard that!"

"Jenn is staying over at Stephen's place tonight, maybe I should give your father some nookie tonight?"

"Mom, that's the idea ... make him want it, then hold back a little. When Jet does that, I just get harder than I know what to do with."

"TMI, Joseph--Remember, kids ... have fun on your own, but be careful in front of others, OK?"

"OK, Mom--we love you!"

"Love you back, kids!"

"I'm worried Joseph?"

"About what, Jet?"

"Mary Ann Wright!"

"Why?"

"She can hold what she knows about us, over our heads, forever!"

"She doesn't seem the type to do that, Jet!"

"Well, we'll see, won't we?"

"Maybe she's just a lonely person, you heard what she said about her husband ... he's like most men, doesn't know what he's got until he's about to lose it. Hey--I've got an idea about her!"

"What, Joseph ... I don't know, you've got that look in your eye."

I called Mary Ann.

"Hello, Mary Ann Wright. How can I help you?"

"Mary Ann, this is Joseph Josephson. How are you doing today?"

"You sound in a good mood, Joseph?"

"I am, we're all moved in ... Would you like to come over, we need to talk? I have an idea that I want to talk to you about."

"Sure, I'll pull your address and be there in about 20 minutes?"

"Sounds awesome, Mary Ann ... see you then."

Mary Ann Wright showed up promptly when she said she would. There was a knock on the door, and I let her in.

"Hello, beautiful," I said to her.

"What got into him, Jet?"

"I'll let him tell you," Jewel said.

"Sit down, please Mary Ann," I said. "You really are quite beautiful, I am at a loss for why your husband isn't all over you, all the time."

"You certainly are a boost to my ego, what's going on, anyway?"

"First, do you plan on telling anyone about my sister and me?"

There was a hesitation in her eyes, and she said, "No, I couldn't do something like that, really ... I'm just so frustrated with Tim, that's my husband. He doesn't look at me anymore, the way I see you looking at Jewel, or me. I just need some attention, that's all. I'd better go ... this is all just a big mistake, I'm sorry if you've been worried about this. I'll keep your secret for as long as you need. You are really good kids," she said with her eyes moistening, on the brink.

"Just sit down, please ... I have a plan. What would your husband do, if he caught you with another man, I mean like out on a date or something?"

"That's a good question Joseph, why ... what kind of plan are you hatching?"

"You'll see ... where is your husband right now?"

"At work, but he comes home for lunch everyday," said Mary Ann.

"Good, that'll make it easier to arrange."

"Make what easier to arrange? I see the gears moving in your head, is that a good thing, Jet?"

"A very good thing. What would you think is your husbands greatest fear, concerning you, Mary Ann?" Jewel enquired.

"That I would leave him, for another man!"

"Just what we thought, how would he react if he caught you with a woman?" I asked.

"You mean, in a sexually compromising way, Joseph?"

"Exactly," I said.

"Like any other man, I suppose. He'd be shocked for a second, than maybe his dick would get hard, then he would ask if he could join us." We all laughed at that.

"What if he caught you with both a man and a woman?"

"I really don't know, probably watch a little ... Just what are you planning Joseph, I see the same look in your eyes, when we had our first interview and I thought I saw lust. Sorry, you guys ... my husband comes home so tired, we haven't done the deed in over a week," Mary Ann admitted.

"Oh, god ... If I had to wait a week to make love to my guy, I'd be crawling up the walls," Jewel said.

"When Joseph was flirting with me, during the interview, I actually got wet looking at his brooding eyes," Mary Ann admitted.

"OK, ladies ... your fantasies aside, here is my plan. Tomorrow, plan to meet your husband for lunch at Schlotzsky's Deli. Jet and I will be there just before. When we see you walk in, we will start a fight, a loud fight, and Jet will storm out. You'll walk in and sit with me and we'll hold hands, looking longingly at each other, until your husband walks in, and sees us. Then I'll get up, say something like, 'We can't meet like this anymore, ' and then leave."

"He'll want to know who I am, so make something believable up, but sound like you're holding back vital information. Tell him that you love him, but you're not sure if you have a future anymore, because he doesn't want to make love to you anymore. He'll either walk away, which means unfortunately, you might be better off without him, or, what I think will happen, is, he'll convince you that you're the only one he's ever loved, and will want to take you home and fuck your brains out."

"Joseph!" Jewel said.

"I am trying to make a point, Jet. Mary Ann understands the concept of tough love, don't you Mary Ann?"

"Yes, I do, Joseph ... that sounds like a fantastic idea, but if he does walk away from me, I'll need a place to stay. Are you offering that to me, Joseph? Jet?"

Jewel was quick to respond, "Joseph and I are so sure of this plan, that if 'that' happens, you not only will have a place to stay, but I'll even let Joseph make love to you, once!"

"So," Mary Ann giggled, "I have motivation for either outcome?"

"I said, ONCE," Jewel snorted. "Anymore than that, I'll have to charge you a stud fee."

We all laughed at that. We said goodbye to Mary Ann.

At a quarter to twelve, Jewel and I walked into Schlotzsky's Deli and sat down at a booth near the front door. That semester of theatre they made me take at Lincoln City High School is gonna help us out here, I hope.

We saw Mary Ann's car pull up, and saw her get out. She was now waiting to see her husband's car. She must have seen it, and started towards the front door of the deli.

Jewel started, "So, I find out you got an older woman on the side, is that it, I suppose it's all about the funbags. Mine aren't nice enough for you anymore." she winked at me. Mary Ann walked in.

"I suppose that's the bitch right there. Well, she certainly looks like your kind of 'happy meal, ' buster. I'm leaving, break up with her or you'll never see me or my tits again!" She was brilliant, crazy ... but brilliant. My Turn.

"Mary Ann, I'm so happy to see you! That's my ex you passed in the doorway." Her husband was coming through the glass foyer, time for me to beat my exit. "Mary Ann, I know we said we loved each other, but I can't keep a woman like you satisfied. Go back to your husband. I know he loves you."

I kissed her hand, and beat a hasty retreat.

Her husband walked up to her and said, "What was that about, Mary Ann?"

Jewel and I left, waiting to hear about what happens. We either see her within the next 10 minutes, or we don't hear from her until possibly tomorrow.

We pulled out of sight and waited, to see what might happen. They went from what looked like loud talking and wild gesticulations, to him holding her hand. I thought I saw her crying, maybe even sobbing. After about five more minutes they walked out together, he was on his phone for a little bit, but they left together in her car.

This looked like things were going to be better for Mary Ann. We followed them, careful to not be seen, and saw them pull into a nice hotel. Things are looking even better. I can only assume that her husband gave some lame excuse and took the rest of the day off, and planned on treating his wife to a day of happiness.

Jewel and I were very happy that we got these two people brought back to their senses. Only time will tell.

The next day, around noon, we got a call from Mary Ann. I put it on speaker.

"Joseph, I could kiss you! Your plan worked perfectly ... Tim came in and asked who you were. I hesitated, and said that it was a young man from school, and we had been seeing each other for two weeks. I also told him that I didn't feel pretty anymore, since he didn't want to touch me. He apologized over and over, saying that work had gotten tough, because they had cut the workforce and made everybody work an extra three hours a day. He promised to come home with a better attitude, and we went to a hotel and we fucked each other silly, sorry, I can hardly walk straight today."

"Both of you thank you so very much. Maybe I can get you some college credit for writing and directing a one-act?"

We all laughed at that. Jewel and I told her that we had followed them to the hotel, but left.

We said goodbye, and our secret was safe again, except for maybe anybody who was in Schlotzsky's Deli yesterday.

School started, and, as we thought, we became very busy all day. If we weren't in a classroom, we were at the school daycare center, observing the interaction between adults and children. We also spent 10 hours a week as interns at that very elementary school we stopped at before.

We walked everywhere with our backpacks on, holding hands, sometimes stopping to give each other a kiss. The rumor mill had it, that we were newlyweds, going through the program to start our own home school, when we were done. Funny, how rumors get started, that actually sounds like a real good idea.

About two months into school, Jewel woke up one Saturday morning really sick, and couldn't stop throwing up. After holding her hair, so it wouldn't get in her way, Jewel cleaned herself up and sat down on the sofa, in front of the TV.

I joined her, grabbed her hand and quietly asked, "When did you stop taking your birth control pills, Jet?"

She looked at me, her face trying to form a smile, and said, "The last time we were home, Joseph," she said, breaking into a sob.

"I'm sorry Joseph, I wasn't thinking ... after that day we watched those kids at the school, I was fighting the impulse to stop. I told Jenn about my thoughts, and she told me, to talk to you before just stopping. I knew you would logically talk me out of getting pregnant, so I just stopped. Say something, Joseph ... tell me you still love me, please?"

I grabbed her and pulled her onto my lap. We kissed and I hugged her and said, "I had the same thoughts, also starting the day we saw that little girl, who reminded you of yourself, but I didn't want to bring it up, unless you did. I didn't want you to feel trapped into doing something against your better instincts."

"So, you're OK with it, Joseph?"

I answered, "I love you, so much ... and I'll love our children just as much. Let's go get a pregnancy test, and if it says what we think it will, we need to call Grandma and Grandpa, and great Aunt Jenn to let them all know."

Epilogue:

Jewel and Joseph had a beautiful baby girl, who they named Ruby Josephson. She quickly was nicknamed Jet, and her grandparents love her so much. Jenn and Stephen broke up, but are now Best Friends with Benefits. They both still work at the craft store in downtown Lincoln City, Oregon.

Mary Ann and her husband are 'on the mend.' Jewel, Joseph and Mary Ann have become quite close.

Joseph and Jewel, despite having a baby, both graduated with their Degrees in Elementary Education on schedule. Instead of being teachers in Lincoln City, they've stayed in Medford, and are both working at the Pre-school they first saw that little girl at.

Jet is going to have a baby sister in seven months. It has been decided that this baby Josephson will be named, Jade Julia Josephson, in honor of grandma Julia.

The names Opal, Pearl, Garnet and Beryl have been set aside, in case more gems come long. We haven't given a thought to boy's names; I think Jewel expects us to have all girls.

But, none will ever be as magnificent as the original gem in the crown, Jewel!
Your opinion is important:
Share with the others what you think about
"Jewel"
     
Switch to Expanded voting form
The End
Posted: 2012-04-09
Last Modified: 2012-05-18 / 08:16:40 pm
Home | Top | Richard King's Page |   Feedback to author
