 
Home | Pope Perv's Page
Love In The Wilderness
by Pope Perv
Copyright© 2006 by Pope Perv


Pages: Prev | 1 | 2 | Next

?

Edited by Naked Sailor

John and Nancy had sacrificed and saved their money for a very special vacation. This would be the last vacation that they would be able to take for quite awhile, if ever again. Their daughter, Carrie, would be starting college now that she had graduated from high school. Josh, their fourteen-year-old son, got to choose where they would vacation if he brought his grades up from near failing to at least a "B" average. He surprised both of his parents by working very hard and not only getting an "A-" average but made the honor roll the whole year. Since he fulfilled his part of the deal, they would fulfill theirs.

Josh and Carrie, together, planned this vacation carefully. They chose the Canadian lake where their parents had honeymooned twenty years earlier. During their planning they discovered that they shared the same fantasy. Carrie told her brother that she thought their father was the most handsome man she'd had ever met and would love to have him in her bed. Josh felt the same way about their mother. This changed all their plans.

Day 1

Nancy looked out the window of the small airplane in which she and her son were passengers. The very remote Canadian lake had just come into view and the beauty of it was stunning. She reached over to her son's hand and gave it a small squeeze, knowing how excited Josh was about this vacation. The only thing that spoiled this moment was the fact her husband John would not be with them for two more days and Carrie was not going to make it at all. A last minute business meeting had delayed John but he insisted Josh and Nancy go ahead of him. He didn't want to lose the deposit after all. Carrie would not be able to make because her college classes were starting. John and Nancy got a great deal on this vacation because this was the last trip out for the bush pilot; it was late in the season. They were warned that if bad weather set in it might not be possible to pick them

up until spring and a lot of bad things could happen in the Canadian winter.

The pilot circled the lake once and then started the descent, cutting back the engine just as the floats hit the lake's surface, making a smooth water landing. Before long the plane idled to the shore and the unloading began. Soon all the gear was safely on the dry ground.

"Hey kid," the pilot asked Josh when all the gear had been unloaded. "Do you have a gun with you?"

"No, Dad didn't think we would need one."

The pilot reached inside the plane and produced a hunting rifle and two boxes of shells. "Here, keep this until I pick you guys up in two weeks."

"My husband will be coming in soon and we will give it back to you then." Nancy told the man.

The pilot smiled to Nancy, "I hope you didn't forget anything because there is no way to communicate with anyone this far out."

Then he pulled out a wooden box and set it next to the camping gear. "Just in case" he said.

With that Nancy and Josh watched the pilot climb into the plane, start the engine and taxi out to the middle of the lake. It wasn't long before they watched the plane lift into the beautiful blue Canadian sky.

Josh opened the box the pilot had left behind and he and his mother saw a thirty-pound bag of rice, oatmeal and enough dried milk to last the winter. There was also dried meat and salt and other spices in there. Looking into the box some more they found winter clothes and batteries as well.

They looked at each other and shrugged. "Let's get the camp set up and then eat." Nancy told her son.

"I'm starving." Josh said, as he picked up some of the gear and walked further away from the shoreline.

"When aren't you starving?" Nancy laughed as she followed her son.

Nancy watched as her son set up two tents, one for her and John and one for himself. Between what she and John had taught him and what the boy had learned on his own, she knew he was quite proficient at setting up a campsite. She knew that he was a very good outdoor survivalist. Then she turned her attention to the box the pilot left. "Well, it looks like he wanted us to be prepared just in case." Nancy said.

Nancy found what she was looking for and soon had lunch ready. Afterwards they cleaned up the dishes and decided to relax by the lake. Tomorrow they would see how the fishing was and maybe do some hiking but for now they walked to the lake and found a rock jutting out from the shore and climbed onto it. They had to sit close to each other to keep from falling off. Neither one spoke, Josh because he was enjoying the sun on his face and Nancy because she was scanning the lake looking for something special that John and she had found the first time they were here. They didn't know how long they sat there but chill in the air sent them back to the tent where they made a fire and had another light meal. They talked about their plans for the next couple of days as they watched the sun set behind a mountain.

"Josh, would you mind sleeping in my tent tonight. I don't want to be alone."

"Sure Mom." Josh said.

"Thanks, you're a good kid. I think I'll keep you around." Nancy got up and started for her tent. Josh just sat there and waited until he heard his mother tell him it was safe to enter.

Josh found his sleeping bag and brought it to his mother's tent. Only when he knew his mother's head was turned the other way did he get undressed. "Good night Mom." He said and rolled to his side and fell asleep. He did not hear his mother's worried sigh.

Day 2

Josh woke just as the sun rose over the horizon. He hurried to get dressed then looked to where his mother sleeping bag was and found it empty. A note was lying on top, which said, "I decided to hike around the lake alone, this morning." This puzzled him because last night they had decided to hike together, but he busied himself with breakfast and getting his fishing pole ready. Then he walked to the rock at the lakeshore and made his first cast of the day. He had brought along his binoculars and thought he saw his mother on the other side of the lake. Bringing them to his eyes he saw her standing still, seemingly looking for something. Then she started off again just as Josh felt a bite on his fishing line.

It took his mother until almost noon to make her way around the lake and back to camp. Josh was sitting at a fire he had built and was frying some of his catch. "Have a nice hike Mom?" He asked trying not to sound as disappointed as he felt at not being able to go with her.

"It was good. The lake is so beautiful and..." Her eyes got a faraway look and she knew he was upset with her. "I'm sorry I left you alone this morning. I just needed to be alone. We'll take a hike this afternoon, okay?"

"Yeah, whatever." Josh said as he offered the fish to his mother.

"The fishing is good I see." Nancy said accepting the meal.

"They were practically begging to be caught." Josh joked, "Can't wait for Dad to get here and we can fish together."

"That will be nice." Nancy said her voice low.

"What's wrong Mom?" He asked her knowing that something was really bothering her.

"Oh nothing. I'm just missing your dad is all."

After lunch they ventured out and hiked to the top of high ridge where they surveyed the mountains and the lake. Josh was one of those rare kids that enjoyed being around his parents. He had his friends and enjoyed the normal things that a fourteen-year-old boy enjoys, but he really liked the closeness of being a family. He walked over to where his mom was standing and put his arm around his shoulder and gave her a big hug. She in turn gave him a kiss on the cheek, which she knew he hated.

"What time do you think Dad will be here tomorrow?" He asked.

"I'm hoping by mid-morning." Nancy answered not looking at him.

Josh knew something was really bothering his mom. He knew her well enough to see it in her eyes. But he also knew that he wasn't going to find out until she was ready to tell him. " I miss him too." He sighed and then felt her hug him tighter.

Slowly, they made their way back to camp and ate more of the fish Josh had caught. Nancy decided to go to the lake and wash up before going to bed and Josh cleaned up the campsite, securing the food items so that the wild life would not get to them. When his mother returned it was his turn to wash up before bed. He walked to the edge of the lake and, looking back, he saw his mother had already gone inside the tent, so he undressed completely and waded a ways into the lake before diving in. The water was cold, almost too cold to stand but it felt good at the same time. He didn't take long and soon made his way to his own sleeping bag. Just as sleep was about to overtake him he heard his mother softly crying.

Day 3

This time it was Josh who rose first. The sun was not up yet but it wouldn't be long. He quickly got his fishing equipment ready and walked to the fishing rock as had he started to call it. He wanted to have as many fish as he could when his dad got there later in the day. He waited until the sun was just barely over the horizon to make his first cast of the day. His reward was almost immediate, with a strong strike and was busy reeling it in when he felt his mother sit beside him.

"Getting started early?" She said.

"Want Dad to be proud of my catch when he gets here", he said with a smile holding up a good-sized fish.

"He would be proud of you no matter what. You know that", she said but could not help smiling at her son.

He caught two more fish in a short time and was about to cast again when his mother caught his eye. He looked at her and saw a sadness that should not have been there. He had to know right now what was bothering his mother so badly.

"Ok Mom, for the past two days there has been something upsetting you. Out with it." Josh said as he sat next to her.

"It's nothing." She said knowing her son would not believe her.

"It's got to be something and I want to know what it is."

"Josh," she started to speak but her voice caught in her throat.

"Yes, I'm listening."

Nancy took a deep breath and look into his blue eyes, "We are at the wrong lake."

"What?" Josh asked stunned.

"When your father and I were here we found a tree growing between two rocks. Your father carved a heart into it with our names. I've been around this whole lake looking for it and it is not here."

"Mom that was twenty years ago. Maybe the tree fell." Josh said to her.

"Maybe, but the rocks would still be there and the stump as well. I could not find anything that looked like it. We are at the wrong lake."

"Well the pilot knows where we are. He'll just bring Dad here and we can go to the right lake."

She wanted to believe that too but knew in her heart that was not case. She didn't know how she knew but she knew they were there for the winter. "Call it a woman's intuition, but I think we need to start thinking like we are going to be here for a very long time."

Josh looked at his mother. He had never in his life known her to over react to anything. He also had never known her to be wrong when she was this serious. "Why do you say that?"

"Little things that didn't mean anything by themselves but mean everything when put together." Nancy explained. "Like the extra food, clothing, batteries. The fact that the pilot gave you a very expensive hunting rifle."

"Do you think Dad did this?" Josh didn't want to think that but had to say it any way.

Nancy shook her head no. "Thinking back over the past couple of days. I think the pilot knew he was lost and decided to leave us here."

"What? Mom you can't be serious?" Josh said.

"Think about it Josh. The rifle, the food why would he give us those things if he didn't think we would need them?"

"Why didn't he just take us back to civilization then?"

"I don't know." Nancy said. "But I know that we had better prepare for winter."

"The first thing we are going to need is better shelter then." Josh told his mother who simply nodded her head.

"I think we have plenty of food with what we got from the pilot and with the fish in the lake." Josh was now talking more to himself.

"We could be in a worse place to get stranded." He said looking around and getting into survival mode.

They got to their feet together and walked back to the camp. Josh told his mother that he thought he saw a good site for shelter yesterday on the hike and was going to check it out. But Nancy insisted on going with him. So together they walked up the slope of the ridge and found what Josh was looking for. Two large rocks came out of the mountain forming a V. The ground on either side of the rocks rose up making it almost a cave. "This is it Mom." Josh said. "We put logs across the top to make a roof and some angling down in front to block the wind and snow and we got a nice lean-to."

"Tell me what you need and we'll get busy." Nancy said to her son.

"Go get me the bow saw, the hatchet and Dad's ball of twine." He said and then started looking around for the right sized trees.

It wasn't long until Josh had cut down several trees that were about six inches in diameter. Then he cut them to length so that they would fit across the top of the two rocks. He took the twine and tied them together as tight as he could without breaking the twine. Once the roof was on, he took the branches of the pine trees he cut down and laid them across the logs of the roof and tied them down as well. Next he and his mom started bringing wet dirt up from the lake. This he laid over the branches making it water proof. He then cut more trees and did the same process to make the front wall of their new home. He and his mother then filled the gaps in the logs with mud before adding the pine boughs to the wall. The next thing was to gather pine needles and lay a thick layer on the ground covered by two inches of dirt. Then they brought in the air mattress from Nancy's tent and found it fit quite well. By the time the sun had set that night they had moved into their new winter home. They ate a meal of rice and fish and were soon fast asleep.

Day 4

Although not giving up hope that they would be picked up in a week and half, Nancy and Josh continued to improve their shelter area. They moved their tents next to the lean-to and put all of their gear in them saving space in the lean-to, where it was needed most. Josh dug a fire pit and fashioned a chimney in the corner that lead out the back of the roof. Nancy took the rain cover off of one of the tents and made a door for the lean-to. When this was done, Josh went to his favorite spot on the lake, his fishing rock, and settled in to catch supper. He knew it was going to be a long hard winter.

Over the next several days it was more of the same thing. Try to improve the living area, catch some fish for today's and maybe tomorrow's meals and wait to see if the pilot would pick them up or deliver John to them. On the day that they knew the pilot should be there to pick them up, they made a pretence of getting their things together and by the lake shore on the off chance that he would actually return for them. They did some walking, a lot of talking but not much hoping. By the time evening came around they had all their things back at the lean-to and put where they belonged. The supper of fish and rice was eaten in silence that night and they both turned in early and were quickly asleep.

Day 15

Josh woke up early. He had to relieve himself in the worst way. As soon as he threw the sleeping bag off him he knew something was different. It was noticeably colder than before. When he opened the door flap several inches of snow on the ground greeted him. He quickly stepped outside, did what he had to do and came back into the warmth of the lean-to. Nancy heard him stirring and sat up rubbing the sleep from her eyes. "Morning." She mumbled.

"Good morning. You should look outside and see what mother- nature has delivered."

"Its cold!" Nancy said as she started to crawl out of bed.

"You noticed!" Josh laughed. Nancy pulled her pants on and a sweatshirt and then ventured outside. "It's snowing!" She said excitedly but continued outside and walked a ways away from the living area for some morning privacy. When she returned to the lean-to a few minutes later, Josh was already getting breakfast ready.

"We are going to have take it easy on the food." Nancy said. "We don't want to run out before we can get out of here."

"We have enough fish to last several days Mom and there is a lot of dried meat in the box. The cold will freeze the fish and it won't spoil."

"True but still we don't know how long we will be here", she replied as she stretched out on top of her sleeping bag.

"From the look of things outside, I think we will be spending today inside." Josh said as he handed her a plate of fried fish and some oatmeal.

"Thank you, I guess it took getting stranded in the Canadian wilderness to get served breakfast in bed." She laughed at her own joke and Josh smiled and then laughed with her

They spent the day relaxing in their home. They also kept an eye on the snow and as the day wore on the wind picked up as well. By mid afternoon, Josh decided to go out and get enough firewood and food so that they last out the storm if it got too bad.

"I'm going to be a while mom. I just don't want you to worry."

"Don't go too far, I really don't need you to get lost", she said as he pulled on extra clothes and his boots. "While you're out I'm going to heat up some water and clean up a bit."

Josh left the safety of the lean-to and made his way to the supply tent. He gathered the food items he wanted then hiked down to the lake just to see how much snow was on it. It was really cold and the wind was cutting into his skin so he decided to head back to the warmth of the shelter. Along the way he gathered quite a bit of firewood, which he piled just outside the door. He then went back and gathered the foodstuff and pushed his way into the shelter backwards to keep from dropping any of it. When he turned around he saw his naked mother scrambling to cover herself with her sleeping bag.

"Sorry Mom," he said turning his back to her. "I thought I gave you enough time." Josh noticed that his mother had turned off the flashlight and was using the light of the fire to bathe. This did little but heighten her beauty.

"I'm done but don't turn around. Let me get dressed."

Josh smiled to himself. For the entire time they have been on this lake he had snuck peeks at his mother. He had always thought she had a great body but when his dad was there he was careful not to push his luck to far. Since he wasn't there, he took chances he normally wouldn't have. Now his luck paid off. He saw her breasts clearly if only briefly and caught a good sight of her naked legs and hips. Too bad he was not in a better position to see more of her body.

"Ok, you can turn around now." Nancy said as she pulled on her shirt.

Josh slowly turned around and laid the food beside the wall of the shelter. Then reached out the door and brought in two small logs for the fire. "Your bath feel good?" He asked her.

"Bath? Is that what you want to call it?" Nancy teased. "But yes it does feel good to get some of the stink off me."

"How bad is it outside?" Nancy asked when Josh had the fire going again.

"Bad. There has to be two feet of snow already and its still falling. The wind is really picking up."

"I'm sure glad I've got a strong young man who knows how to build warm shelter then." She said and kissed him on the cheek causing him to blush.

Josh noticed that although she had pulled her shirt on she did not put her bra on. He also noticed that she pushed her breast against his arm and rubbed them back and forth. When he looked at her, she smiled innocently at him then started fixing them something to eat.

Josh cleaned the dishes by the firelight and then lay down on top of his sleeping bag. Then shyly, he looked over at his mother who was lying on her side facing away from him. He let his eyes travel down her back and had to admit that his mother was a fine looking lady. This is not the first time he had these thoughts about her but this was the first time they were this strong. It was due to the brief sight of her naked body just a short time ago. He was just about to speak when she spoke his name.

"Josh." She started, "we need to talk."

"Ok."

"We are here for the next several months and we are probably going to see a lot more than what you saw earlier." She said, her voice more confident then she felt.

Josh just watched his mother's back. He didn't know just how to respond to her statement.

"Maybe we ought to get undressed now so that you won't be shocked or embarrassed when it happens again." This time her voice did falter and her nervousness could be heard in her voice.

Josh wanted nothing more right now then to see his mother's naked body. But he knew that she was still his mother. How could she be suggesting that they get naked together? Then he watched as she slowly rolled towards him. She sat up and without giving him a chance to say anything grabbed the hem of her sweatshirt and quickly lifted it over her head. She was looking down and then slowly raised her eyes until she saw his. They were not looking at her eyes but rather at her chest.

"I'll put it back on if that is what you want." She saw him shake his head no so she opened the fly of her pants and unzipped them while watching his face. She saw the blood rising in his cheeks making it glow with embarrassment. She smiled sweetly at her fourteen-year-old son as she hooked her thumbs into her pants and panties and slid them both down at the same time. Just as she was about to expose her womanhood she stopped. "Want me to go on?" She didn't plan on teasing him but he looked so adorable blushing and wide eyed, as she undressed in front him.

Josh nodded his head that he wanted her to continue. "No Josh, I need to hear you say it."

"Yes please." He said meekly.

"Yes please what?"

"Do I have to say it Mom?" Josh asked pleadingly.

"I'm afraid so."

"Mom, please take them off." Josh said after swallowing a couple of times.

Nancy smiled at her son as she got to her feet and slid her pants and panties the rest of the way down her shapely legs. She stood up straight, facing her son and then slowly turned completely around keeping her eyes on him.

She saw him swallow hard a couple of times as she showed off her body and then sat down across from him. She carefully folded her legs under herself not wanting to completely expose her womanhood to her son just yet.

"Your turn, honey." She said.

Josh nodded his head and quickly pulled his shirt over his head. He folded it and laid it at the foot of his bedding where he always put his clothes. Then looking back at his mother, he stood up and just as quickly pulled his pants down his legs. He turned to the side as he did this in an attempt to hide his very erect hard-on. He sat down and looked at his mother sheepishly, still wearing his underwear and stilling trying to hide his erection.

"You're not through." His mom said in voice Josh didn't recognize.

"Mom, please." He said not taking his eyes off her breasts as he tried to hide his hard-on.

"I took mine off, its only fair that you do the same."

"But... I... Mom I can't."

Nancy scooted closer to her son. Her hand came out and rested on his thigh. She slowly let her fingers tickle his teenage skin and watched in amusement as his underwear got tighter in the crotch. "Want me to help you with that?"

Josh looked at his mother and saw her eyes glued to his crotch. Then his eyes traveled down her body to her breasts and then on down to her thighs and what lay between them. Slowly his hands fell to his sides as he leaned back against the wall of their lean-to home.

Her hand roamed up his thigh until she cupped his teenage cock and balls. "Is it hard for your mom?" Josh felt the heat of her hand on his crotch. Then he felt her wiggle her fingers as she played with it. She leaned forward letting her breasts hang down knowing that was where Josh was looking. "Want me to help you take them off?"

Josh just nodded his head as he licked his lips imagining what her nipples would taste like. "No sweetie, mom needs to hear you ask."

"Yes."

Nancy put her hands on his hips and guided her teenage son to raise his butt off the ground. Then she slid his underwear down his legs and finally off his feet. She looked at his strong cock and licked her lips wanting to taste it. Her hands pushed his thighs farther apart as she lowered her head to his crotch. She didn't want to think about the evil she was doing as she quickly engulfed his seven-inch cock in her mouth and started sucking. Josh loved the way his cock felt in his mother's mouth but being inexperienced it took only moments before he felt his cock shoot in her mouth. Nancy never took her mouth from him. She relished the fact that her son was coming in her mouth.

When Josh stopped spurting in her mouth, Nancy reluctantly let his cock slip from her lips. She leaned back on her heels and smiled at her son. She licked her lips again tasting his juice.

"How was that, sweetie?" Nancy asked savoring his taste.

"Oh mom, that was great." Josh said staring at her tits before leaning forward and cupping them in his hands. He let his fingers curl around her nipples and gave a pinch.

"Mmmmm, baby I love that so much. But we've got to stop."

"Why Mom?"

"Because we don't have protection and I'm very fertile now."

Josh leaned against the wall of their wilderness home and knew she was right. But he also knew that he wanted her and as he watched his mother getting dressed he saw the look in her eye that said she wanted him too.

John had flown to Canada and tried in vain to find the pilot he had hired. After several hours of diligent searching, he had discovered that the day the pilot dropped his wife and son off at the lake, his plane had been reported late returning and a search was launched. The authorities found that the plane had crashed many miles off the recorded flight plan. They could not tell John where he was coming from but they would do their best to try to find his family. After a week and a half and still no sign of them, John had to return home. His vacation money, and time, had run out but the authorities had assured him that they would continue looking until either they found them or the weather prevented them from searching any longer. The surprise snowstorm was what stopped them.

John flew home not wanting to have to face his daughter. He felt guilty enough that his job took him away from the people he loved the most. The many phone calls to her during the days following the disappearance only added to that guilt. But as he went to claim his luggage after he got off the airplane Carrie met him with a big hug and a kiss on the cheek.

"I love you Daddy." She told him and he hugged her tighter to him and fought hard to hold back the tears.

"I love you too, sweetie." He backed away from his daughter got his bag and together they walked to her car.

"Tell me what they found out." She said as they settled into the car and started out of the airport parking lot.

"The best they can tell me is that on the day the incompetent pilot I hired dropped your mother and brother off at some unknown location, he apparently suffered a heart attack on the way back and crashed into the side of a mountain. He was many miles off his flight plan so they are assuming his was lost to start with. We think for whatever reason he flew until he found a lake, dropped them off and abandoned them to die in the wilderness."

"That bastard!" Carrie said and then looked to her father embarrassed that she said that in front of him.

"Maybe its better that he died that way. He wouldn't want to die the way I would have done it."

"What are the authorities doing now?" Carrie asked.

"There was a bad snowstorm coming in when I left this morning. They would not be able to do any more searching until it was clear enough for them to fly."

"That is not good news for Mom and Josh." Carrie said getting very worried for her family. Even though she thought Josh was a pest and very annoying, she loved him very much. Her mother and she had always been close and loved to do many things together. They shopped together, went to "chick flicks" together. They always had crafts project going. They loved to be with each other.

John looked at his daughter and felt her pain. "Josh is damn good in the outdoors. If there is a way to survive this he will find it. Your mother is accustomed to being in the wilderness too. They can take care of themselves."

"But what about food, warm clothing, shelter for goodness sake Dad! They don't have much with them."

John sighed deeply these were his worries as well. But he knew his son well enough to know that if they don't survive this it won't be for the lack of trying. "We will find them." He finally said almost wishfully.

The rest of the trip home was made in silence. Both had their own thoughts and worries. Both wanted desperately to have them back but knew there wasn't much either of them could do at this time. Carrie pulled into the drive and shut the car off and just sat there. "You hungry? I was so caught in my thoughts I forgot to ask if you wanted to stop someplace."

"Come on inside and I'll fix us a couple of sandwiches."

They walked in the house and John set his bag down by the door. He noticed that a light was blinking on the phone indicating there was a message. He pushed the buttons hoping it was good news from Canada but instead it was just a sales call. He then proceeded to fix the sandwiches and as he passed the wine rack he impulsively grabbed a bottle and set in on the table then went and got two glasses.

"Carrie, if you want to eat come and get it." He looked up as his nineteen-year-old daughter walked into the room. He had always thought that she was a pretty girl but as she grew her beauty grew too. He poured a glass of wine and handed it to her. Carrie gave her father a strange look, as he never allowed either of his children to drink before.
Continues...

Pages: Prev | 1 | 2 | Next

Home | Top | Pope Perv's Page |   Feedback to author



 
Home | Pope Perv's Page
Love In The Wilderness
by Pope Perv
Copyright© 2006 by Pope Perv


Pages: Prev | 1 | 2 | Next

Continuation...

"Hey, we've been through enough the past few days. You deserve this."

"Thanks." She took a tentative sip and set the glass down next to her plate. She turned to her Dad, "I love you Dad, no matter what happens, remember that I love you. Mom loves you and so does Josh. You are a great father and a wonderful husband to mom and I consider you my friend."

It was John's turn to get misty eyed. As hard as he tried he could not hold back the tears this time. He sat down hard in the chair he had pulled out, put his head in his hands and just bawled like a baby for the first time since he discovered his wife and son missing. Carrie walked to him put her arm around his shoulders and hugged him to her waist. "Go ahead and cry Dad. I have, many times in the past few days."

Carrie looked at her Dad, his head against her tummy, tears falling on her shirt. He was hurting. She started stroking her hair and softly running her fingers through it. She had always thought that he was the most handsome man she had ever known, he was strong when he needed to be and knew how to be gentle. Looking at him now only proved to her his deep love for his whole family. She gently pulled his head away from her and then knelt in front of him. "Daddy, I miss them too."

John nodded his head and wiped his eyes dry. He started to apologize for crying but his daughter stopped him. "Its ok."

John poured himself a glass of wine and took a long drink. "Let's eat, shall we?"

They chatted of different things during their meal. John wanted to know how the first days of college were going and whether she needed anything for school. Carrie wanted to know when her Dad was going back to work and if he was going to be able to take time off if things changed. Soon they had finished eating and Josh had refilled their wine glasses twice. He emptied the bottle into Carrie's glass and together they went into the living room to watch television. They didn't find anything they wanted to watch so John got up to put a DVD in the player only to find one already in the machine.

"What's this?" John asked his daughter.

"Oh that's mine." She reached for it but her dad held it away.

"What's on it?"

"Nothing, may I have it now, please?" Carrie asked a little nervous about it.

Instead of giving Carrie the disk he put it back in the machine and waited for the picture to appear on television. What he didn't see was the sheer panic on his daughter's face.

"Daddy, please that's mine." Carrie said just as the picture came on the screen. It showed her parents bedroom and Carrie walking away from the camera totally naked. Josh spun his head around to look at his daughter and stopped her as she tried to eject the disk.

John's attention was now on the picture of his daughter laying on her back and spreading her legs. "God, she has a lovely pussy." He thought to himself. His eyes were riveted to the screen of the TV as he watched his daughter reach under the pillow and pull out his wife's vibrator. "This is for you Jimmy." Carrie said to the camera.

John looked back at his humiliated daughter and then to the TV. "You and Jimmy active?" He asked.

"No. I wasn't going to let anyone see this. I was watching it when I saw I was almost late to get you from the airport."

John never took his eyes off the screen as he watched his nineteen-year-old daughter writhe around on the bed as the vibrator did its magic.

"Your mother loves that thing too."

Carrie reached for the TV remote and turned the volume up. She was moaning and groaning loudly as her hips rocked up and down on the toy between her legs. "If you are going to watch it, you might as well hear it too."

It didn't take long and Carrie was gasping for breaths as her orgasm rocked through her body. She kept the vibrator between her legs wanting to feel everything it had to offer her young body. When her body was calm she slowly the toy out of her body, got off the bed, walked to the camera and turned it off.

"Wow." John said, turning and facing his daughter for the first time since he found the disk. "Sorry, if you don't want people to see things like that you better be more careful."

"I know."

John selected a movie he had wanted to see and handed Carrie her disk. She took it to her bedroom and then returned and sat next to her father. As the movie started Carrie snuggled up close to him and felt his arm go around her shoulders. This was not unusual for them. They had always been close and often had wonderful conversations like this.

They sat there for several minutes, seeing the movie but not really watching it. As hard as they tried they could not get their missing loved ones off their minds. Carrie looked at her father's face and once again thought how handsome he was. She let her eyes roam down his chest and finally to his loins. She was not prepared for the large tent she saw there. "Oh my god!" She thought to herself, "I did that too him." Maybe it was the wine she had drunk, maybe it was the loneliness she felt without her mother and brother there. Maybe it was just because she wanted to. She slipped her hand onto his thigh and slowly rubbed up to the hard cock in his pants. She was scared to death that he would be disgusted by her incestuous act but she couldn't or maybe wouldn't stop.

As her hand rubbed his hard shaft through his pants, John laid his head on the back of the sofa and spread his legs a little wider for her. He too was feeling the effects of the wine. He knew he should stop this before it went any further and he really wanted too, but having his daughter's hand on his cock felt too good to stop. "What kind of father am I?" He chastised himself.

Slowly he let his hand slide down Carrie's shoulders until his hand cupped her breast. His finger teased her nipple through her blouse as he let her rub his cock.

"I like that Daddy." She whispered as she slipped to the floor and between his knees. She looked up into his face and saw he had his eyes closed but obviously enjoying the attention she was giving to his very hard cock. She opened his belt and then his pants. She smiled as he raised his hips and allowed her to slide his pants down his legs, discarding them to the side. "I like this too." She said as she started stroking his very hard cock.

"Daddy, I've never been with a man before." She didn't wait for a response as she lowered her mouth to his erection. She licked the tip of it as she continued to stroke it. Then opening her mouth wider she cautiously let it slide into her mouth. She sucked the head getting used to it, and then slowly slid her mouth down the shaft. Her hand was still stroking as it filled her mouth. She once again looked up to her father's face and this time saw him watching her. She pulled off his cock and gave it a couple strokes then took a deep breath and engulfed as much of her father's cock in her mouth as she could take.

"You like it baby girl?" He asked as she swallowed his cock.

Her only response was to bob her head up and down and to cup his balls with her hand.

"You keep that up and you'll get a big surprise." John hoarsely said.

This only encouraged her to suck harder and to stroke her fist up and down faster. She'd been very unsure whether she would ever like to suck cock but at this point in time nothing was more important then to have her daddy's sperm in her mouth.

"Yes that's it baby girl, oh yes Daddy loves it just like that."

As she played with his balls, feeling them draw up and the shaft enlarge, she sealed her lips tightly around the head and felt him start to cum. More and more of the salty man juice flowed into her mouth and she had to keep swallowing or take his cock out. She kept swallowing until he was done. As his hard-on deflated, she laid her head on his thigh before looking up once again to see the satisfied look on her father's face.

She then sat next to him on the sofa and he once again put his arm around her shoulder, pulling her close to him. "Thank you." He whispered.

They both knew that this was only the beginning of things to come. But neither of them wanted to rush it. Together they got to their feet and walked down the hallway to their separate bedrooms. Just as Carrie was about to close her door John told her "I love you."

"Me too."

John and Carrie had no idea that Nancy and Josh had had the same experience just a few hours before.

Josh and Nancy both slept well despite the snowstorm and their incestuous activities. In the morning, when Josh was finally able to free the door of snow, his mother and he walked outside for the first time in over thirty-six hours. They waded through deep snow and made their way to the lake.

"Its beautiful, isn't it Josh." Nancy said looking around at the surroundings.

"Yeah but not as beautiful as you." Josh said with a slight grin.

Nancy smiled at him and put her arm around his waist as they marveled at the power of Mother Nature. "Thanks, you're not so bad yourself."

It wasn't long before they started to feel the cold. The extra clothes they put on kept them warm if they moved around but did little when they just stood still. "Well, we need firewood." Josh said rubbing his hands together to warm them.

"While you gather the wood, I'll see if I can get a hole cut in the ice. Maybe we can bathe tonight." Nancy said to her son.

"Men, all you want is one thing." Nancy said as she led the way back to the lean-to and retrieved the pick. She watched her son disappear into the woods and then made her way back to the lake. She only had to break through a few inches of ice before she could dip a cooking pot into the cold water and take it back to their home away from home. She stoked the fire with what wood there was and soon had the water hot enough to bathe in. "He can clean me up tonight, right now I just need to do it myself", she thought to herself as she peeled her clothes off. The warm water felt wonderful on her bare skin and although it was not like her shower at home, it still relaxed her. She ran a washcloth between her legs and hesitated on her clit. Rubbing it sure felt good. Her mind went back to last night when she gave her teenage son his first blowjob. She knew she should feel guilty but she just could not manage it. His cock sliding in and out of her mouth was the best experience in her life. She thought about John and how much she loved him. How much she loved to make love to him but he wasn't here and he wasn't going to be here. Her rubbing grew more intense and she dropped the washcloth and pushed two fingers inside her wet pussy. "Yes Josh, fuck mommy!" She fantasized. Her other hand went to her clit again and rubbed it in unison with her plunging fingers. Soon her hips were humping up to meet her fingers and Nancy knew it was a matter of moments before bliss would fill her body. Her fingers plunged faster and her rubbing increased until she felt the impending orgasm erupt from deep in her pussy.

"Yesssssssss" she hissed as it washed over her fingers and down the crack of her ass. She just lay back and reveled in the warm feeling of the orgasmic afterglow.

She had to wash her pussy and ass again but that was okay. She made another trip to the lake and got another pot of water. She knew that Josh was going to be hungry from gathering and chopping wood, so she got busy and started lunch. She was outside cleaning snow away from the storage tent when she saw a large deer standing several yards away. Slowly she reached inside the lean-to door and grasped the hunting rifle. With careful aim she pulled the trigger and downed her first living creature.

Josh heard the report of the rifle and ran quickly back to his mother. He found her standing over her kill still holding the gun.

"Looks like we eat more than fish and rice." She said as he approached her.

"Ok Mom, Dad's rule for hunting is, 'you kill it, and you clean it.'" With that he handed her the hunting knife he kept on his hip and headed back to his woodpile.

"But I'm not sure I can do it!" She shouted to him.

"You been hunting with Dad before and I know he showed you what to do", he said over his shoulder.

"You clean and I'll..."

Josh stopped and turned to look at his mother. "You'll what?"

"I'll... uh... I'll do something nice for you."

Josh stepped towards his mother with a grin on his face. "Like what?"

"Josh honey, I don't know what I'll do but when we get back I'll buy you that video game you wanted."

"That won't be for a long time Mom. What nice thing will you do for me now?" His cupped his mother's face with his hand and stroked her cheek with a bare finger.

"Josh don't do this to me." Nancy said in a quivering voice.

Josh leaned in and kissed his mother on her lips. She let her own lips part as she felt his tongue enter her mouth. Their tongues started playing with each other as she put her arms around his neck and pulled him closer to her. Breaking off the kiss she whispered in his ear, "Clean the deer and I'll make a man of you tonight."

Josh looked into his mother's eyes and saw the desire and the lust he felt staring back at him. He kissed her again this time with less passion and then pulled away from her embrace. "Mom, follow my tracks up the hill and start bringing back the wood I cut."

She nodded and started to walk away. "And Mom?"

She stopped and looked back at him. "Yes?"

"You don't have to do that for me tonight."

She could not say anything. She could only stare at her son and then nod as she started back up the hill. "Damn that kid anyway." She told herself. She'd decided to give her body to him right after she masturbated that afternoon. Now he goes and says that. As she found the woodpile Josh was working on she realized that she had fallen in love with her son. A love no mother should have the right to feel towards her son.

By nightfall they had all the wood piled near the lean-to and the deer butchered. Josh brought some of the meat inside and packed the rest, to freeze in the winter weather. Nancy prepared to cook it along with some of the rice. After they ate their fill Josh washed the pots and Nancy went to get one more bucket of water. This she put on the fire so Josh could wash up.

"Want some help?" Nancy offered as she watched him start to take his clothes off.

"Mom you don't have to", he said, but he secretly wanted her help.

"Let mom help." Nancy said as she reached over and pulled his sweatshirt over his head. Josh just smiled and raised his hands. She then unzipped his pants and as he stood she slid them down his legs until he stepped out of them. "You happy to see me or you got a banana in there?" She said patting his cock through his underwear.

"You just have to find out for yourself." Josh said teasing his mother.

Nancy hooked her fingers in the waistband of his underwear and pulled them down his legs. She then reached out and started to slowly stroke his cock. "I don't see any fruit so this must be for me."

Josh just smiled at his mother and then kissed her passionately on the lips. His tongue entered her mouth as she sucked it in. His hands seemed to have a mind of their own as they came up her sides and cupped her ample breast through her sweatshirt. Nancy took a hold of his hands and guided them under her garment and sighed into his mouth as he started squeezing her tits.

"Play with my nipples. Yes pinch them just like that." Nancy instructed her son as she pressed her lips back to his and ran her tongue inside his mouth once again.

Josh's confidence grew and he pushed the shirt up and over his mother's shoulders. He dropped it and let it land where it would. Then he broke off the kiss and lowered his mouth to her tits, sucking her left nipple into his eager, young mouth. His teeth bit down a little and he felt his mother tense with pleasure.

Nancy could not stand it any longer. She pushed him away and immediately started undressing. As she pushed her pants down her legs she dropped to her bare knees and looking into his face, took his hard cock into her mouth. Nancy let it slide in and felt his hair tickle her nose. Then she pulled off his cock and guided him to his bedding. Josh lay down and watched as his mother crawled between his legs. She took his cock in her hand and then guided it back to her mouth. She then let it slip out as she kissed her way up his chest until she straddled his hips. She let her pussy rub against his hard cock while just watching his face.

"What do you want?" Nancy asked in a husky voice.

"I want to fuck you." John answered as his fingers played and pinched his mother nipples.

Nancy just smiled as she took his hard cock and guided it to her sex. She rubbed it through her slit and watched her son's face as he felt his first pussy. She gave it a couple of strokes and felt it press harder against her clit. "Say it again."

"I want to fuck you mom!" Josh said raising his hips to try to gain access to the nirvana that awaited him.

Nancy aimed his manhood at her entrance and slid down upon it, taking all the way in. A deep sigh escaped her lips as she felt him fill the pussy that fourteen years ago gave him life.

"Oh yes mom," Josh moaned as he felt her velvety folds engulf his cock.

Nancy placed her hands on his shoulders and ground her pussy around his probing dick. "Just lay still, mommy will do all the work."

With that she raised her ass and then slowly slid back down the shaft. She slowly built speed, wanting to prolong what she mostly desperately needed and wanted. She watched his face and saw he kept his eyes closed. His lips curled and his breathing became ragged and fast. His hips wiggled under her so she increased her speed. Her hands came up to her breasts and started pinching and rolling her nipples between her fingers.

"Oh yes mommy loves the way you feel inside me." Nancy moaned. "Do you like mommy's pussy?"

"Oh yes!" Josh said opening his eyes and looking at his mother's breasts.

She pulled off his cock and scrambled to her knees and lowered her shoulders to the make shift bed. "Now get behind me and fuck me good."

It took Josh exactly two seconds to comply with his mother's request. He knee walked behind her and without really knowing why he lowered his face to her upturned ass. His hand spread her ass cheeks just before his lips made contact with her very wet pussy.

"Ohhhhhhhh yes! Yes!" Nancy screamed.

Josh found the taste and the smell very exciting and soon had his tongue buried in his mother's cunt. Then without much thought his tongue licked up her ass crack and made contact with her wrinkled rosebud. Nancy just moaned loudly and wiggled her ass back to her son's probing tongue. Josh gave it a few more licks and then kissed his way up his mother's back until his cock came into contact with her very horny and wet pussy.

Josh felt his mother's hand guide him into her sex once again. He started slamming into her. His hands came to rest on his mother's hips as his own loins made rapid in and out movements. Never before in his young life had he experienced anything that felt like this.

"Am I doing it right mom?" He asked not really knowing he spoken at all.

"Oh yes, fuck my pussy son. Fuck me hard!"

Josh felt his orgasm building rapidly and just as he was about to explode, he remembered that mother had said she was very fertile right now. With one last thrust; he deposited his seed in his mother.

Just as he exploded, he felt his mother's body start to quiver and her ass push back against him, her own orgasm wracking her body.

Josh slowly withdrew from his mother's body and as he lay on his bed his mother snuggled up against him. It was just a few minutes and she was fast asleep. Josh looked at his sleeping mother and smiled. He smiled because of what they just did, but also because of how easy it was to get his mother to give him her body. As he drifted off to sleep, his thoughts turned towards Carrie. At first it shocked him when she came to him with this crazy plan. She wanted to make love to her father and knew of Josh's fantasy about their mother. When she suggested they pay off the pilot to leave them at the wrong lake Josh was all for it. But what they didn't plan on was the pilot having a heart attack.

As Nancy slipped off to sleep, she knew without a doubt that her son's sperm made its way into her fertile womb and together they had made a baby.

Carrie decided to make sure that her father knew her intentions but wanted him to make the next move. Although this was all going according to her plan, she knew it would be better if he thought this was all his idea and did it when he was ready. She was not going to let it go too long before she took matters into her own hands but she knew tonight was going to be the night and that made her smile. She was preparing supper and her thoughts drifted towards Josh and her mother. It took weeks to plan everything. Finding the right pilot to drop her mother and brother off at the wrong lake. That cost her half her savings. The extra food and other provisions cost her plenty as well. She was scared when she first talked to Josh but soon realized that he was all for it. She would never have guessed that he had the hots for their mother like she did for their dad. The plan was for them to spend their two weeks at the lake and then be picked up. When Carrie found out that the pilot had died she almost pulled the plug on the whole scheme. But then decided that this just gave both Josh and her more time alone with their parents. She'll let someone know where to find them as soon as she can figure out a way to do it without anyone finding out she was involved. She would not admit even to herself that she was very worried that they might not survive the winter.

John, for his part, stayed away from the house as much as he could. He could not look at his daughter without thinking of the rest of the family. He could not look at her without feeling guilty about the way he wanted her. He knew that at some point his will power was going to fail him but what would Nancy say if she knew he was doing their daughter while she was stranded in the Canadian wilderness. He knew nothing of the activities of his wife and son. John walked into the house thinking his daughter would be out with her friends. After all what young lady would want to stay home with her stuffy old dad on a Friday night. He was surprised to see her in her bathrobe fixing dinner.

"Hi Daddy!" She said when she saw him walk into the kitchen.

"I didn't expect you to be home", he said, trying not to stare at her legs as she walked across the room and kissed him on the cheek.

"I had plans but they fell through." She pressed her breasts against his arm momentarily before she sauntered off. She didn't have to look at him to know that he was watching her ass. "Why don't you go relax, I just put dinner in the oven."

John sighed deeply as he left the room, thankful that she gave him the opportunity to leave. "What am I thinking? What kind of father has those thoughts about his daughter?" He thought to himself as he entered his bedroom.

John stepped into the shower with the idea of taking as cold as he could stand. Although the thought of making love to his daughter was turning him on he was having trouble getting over the guilty feelings. He let the cold water run over his back when he felt the shower door open and then the water warm up dramatically. He knew what was happening, he wanted to stop it, yet he said nothing as he felt his daughter's arms wrap around his waist from behind. Then he felt her lips brush against his shoulders as her hand lowered and found the cock that she had sucked earlier that week. "I love you Daddy." She whispered.

John turned around in her arms and put his arms around her. He pulled her tight against him as he leaned in to kiss his own daughter. As his lips made contact with hers, he felt her hand start to stroke up and down on his rapidly growing cock. He pushed his tongue deep inside her mouth giving up his right as father and accepting his role as lover. He pushed Carrie against the wall of the shower and then bent at the waist to suckle her young tits.

"Oh yes Daddy, I like my nipples played with." She moaned as she felt him lightly bite one.

His hands traveled down her body until he found the mound between her legs. How much he wanted to strip her of her clothes when they were first intimate. How much he wanted to lay her down and ravage her body. Now she was naked in his shower allowing him to have his way with her. He slowly dropped to his knees as he kissed her tummy and upper thighs. He watched as she spread her legs, inviting him in. He didn't hesitate and leaned his head in and tasted his daughter's sex. His tongue ran from the bottom of her slit to her belly button. Then licked his way back down. This time he stopped at her clit. His tongue swirled around it before he sucked it into his mouth as he felt Carrie's hands on the back of his head and heard her moans of pleasure.

"Oh yes Daddy, lick me!" Carrie moaned as she started to grind her cunt into her father's face. "Yesssssss."

John reached behind his daughter and grabbed her ass cheeks. He pulled them apart as he drove his tongue deeper into her snatch. It was then that Carrie lost control. Her orgasm burst through her loins surprising John. He recovered quickly and lapped all the juices that flowed from his daughter. Alternating between licking her watering hole and sucking on her hard clit. When she settled down enough, he pulled away from her pussy and stood up. He looked into her eyes as he kissed her passionately, letting her taste her own pussy juice.

"Fuck me Daddy, do it now please." Carrie said almost begging.

John stepped back from his daughter and saw the lust in her eyes. He saw the small quivers that still ran through her tummy and thighs. He turned the water off and then reached for a towel. He dried his daughter off and then himself. He took hold of her hand and led her to his bed. He lifted her up in his arms and then laid her down in the middle of his bed. He snuggled up beside her and let his fingers explore her upper thighs and tummy. Then leaned over and sucked one of her nipples into his mouth. His fingers found his daughter's love canal and he ran it down her slit. His finger slipped inside her almost as if it was sucked in. John looked at his daughter's face and saw she had her eyes closed and was biting her lower lip. "Just like her mother." He thought to himself.

"Say it again." He told her, his voice getting more forceful.

"Fuck me Daddy, please fuck me!"

"Spread you legs wide for me." He said again in that forceful voice.

John crawled between her legs and looked down at his daughter's wet pussy. Remembering the DVD of her in this very bed he thought it was much prettier in person. He laid on top of her and felt her perky tits press into his chest and he felt his hard cock slide over her sex. He reached between his legs and rubbed his cock up and down her slit, making sure to hit her clit.

"Say it one more time."

"Oh fuck me Daddy, please!"

"Are you still virgin?" He said looking into her eyes.

"Yes Daddy I am."

"Not any more." With that he gently pushed his manhood into her and with just a little harder thrust passed the hymen she had partially destroyed with the vibrator.

Instinctively, Carrie brought her legs up and wrapped them around her father's back. Then her arms wrapped themselves around his neck and she kissed him deeply and passionately

Slowly John withdrew his member and then slid it in again. He started a slow rhythm, letting Carrie get used to having him inside her. He looked again into her face and saw nothing but bliss on it. That caused him to pick the pace up and soon they were thrashing against each other, lost in sexual exhilaration.

"Yes Daddy, yes... yes... yes!"

John knew how to control his cock. He could prolong this if he wanted but the thrill of fucking his daughter just drove him to fuck her harder and faster. Soon it didn't matter. He felt his orgasm building up and for a brief moment thought about pulling out and cumming on her tits but instead drove one last time and shot his seed deep into her womb.

"Yes! Oh Daddy cum in me... yes" Carrie too was lost in her orgasm. It seemed to go on and on but finally it ebbed away. She opened her eyes to see those of her father's looking back at her.

"Thank you."

John kissed her neck as he gave his loins another small thrust. "No, thank you."

John reluctantly withdrew from his daughter and fell to his back next to her. He held out his arm and Carrie snuggled in. They lay there for a long time not talking, not moving, and just enjoyed each other's presence. The phone ringing finally made John move.

"Hello?"

"Mr. Sanders? This is Officer Duncan of the Royal Canadian Mounted Police. I believe we have some good news for you."

John sat up straight almost dumping Carrie on the floor. "Yes!"

"It seems an environmental group was flying around up north of us this afternoon and saw smoke coming from one of the lakes. When he flew lower to investigate he saw two people waving at him. Luckily he was equipped to land on the frozen lake and bring them back here. Would you like to talk to your wife?"

It was two days later when John and Carrie landed in Thunder Bay, Ontario. They made their way down the gangway into the airport terminal. John and Carrie did not expect the welcome they got. Josh and Nancy came running towards them and John and Carrie could only brace for the impact.

Nancy threw her arms around her husband's neck and hugged him tightly to her. She kissed him and held him close. Her mouth was very close to his ear when she whispered happily, "I'm pregnant."

John smiled as he whispered back, "That makes two."

Nancy let go of her husband and looked into his eyes. She saw him smiling back at her as her own smile broadened. "Think they know that we knew of this plan all along?"

"Not a chance." John said, laughing out loud. Then the four of them made their way out of the airport and into a waiting car that took them to the hotel.


Pages: Prev | 1 | 2 | Next

Your opinion is important:
Share with the others what you think about
"Love In The Wilderness"
     
Switch to Expanded voting form
The End
Posted: 2006-09-08
Home | Top | Pope Perv's Page |   Feedback to author
