Free Original Erotic Stories.
tagMind ControlThe Making of Mara
The Making of Mara
byMpulse©

I knew she was the one the minute I looked into her eyes. She was standing there in the doorway, long black hair tied up in the back. Her eyes........Her eyes were the color of a cloudless sky. A shade of blue that reflected sunlight. She appeared to be in her late twenties. I couldn't really tell what type of shape she was in; the dress was loose fitting.

"I am here about the research assistant position....." She said, her eyes not meeting mine. Her voice was sultry with a slight southern accent. I closed my mouth long enough to nod my head and ask her to come inside. I watched the sway of her hips as she stepped around me. As much as I could in that baggy dress she was wearing.

I had made a name for myself as a "Computer God", or so they said. I had a reputation in the industry for being able to create complicated programs quickly and effectively. That, in turn, made me a wealthy man and allowed me to pursue other interests. One of those interests was a subliminal software application that was designed to place viewers in a hypnotic state. Of course this was something that would never see the commercial market. This was a personal interest project.

We went through the introductory phase of the interview. She told me her name was Tamara and that she had moved here from Alabama several years ago. She was twenty-four years of age and had a younger sister who lived with her folks. While she never mentioned it I could tell by her body language and her occasional slip that she had been brought up in a proper household. Some would say she led a stodgy life for someone so beautiful and young. We discussed the position that was available and what the requirements were. I acted interested in her resume but I was thinking the whole time about those hidden curves. I told her that before I could offer her a job I needed her to fill out an application. She said she would be more than happy to fill one out as she smiled at me. I told her that the test was loaded onto a special computer I had just designed and that it would measure the speed and accuracy of her responses. I also told her that she needed to wear headphones that would play soothing music for her to listen to as she completed the form.

She sat down at the computer desk and prepared. I was very conscious of the feel of her cheeks brushing my forearms as I placed the headphones over her ears. She seemed pretty nervous and was extremely self conscious of the contact. I apologized and told her the test would only take a few minutes. I pushed the keys to start the program and the subroutines I had created. I smiled at her. I moved over to the recliner in the corner that sat to the side of her and was a distance away so as not to distract her. I watched as her eyes began to follow the text on the screen and she began to type. She was a very good typist, I noticed. She was quick. After five minutes her typing began to slow down. After ten minutes she was staring at the screen, eyes moving rapidly, no longer interested in typing.

The program seemed to be working. The subroutine sent subliminal messages to her brain telling her that I was in control of her every action. The headphones sent a digitally altered signal directly into her brain giving her keywords that put her back in this state when they were spoken by my voice. When the test was finished she would return to her normal state and could only be "put under" when I spoke the keywords.

After another ten minutes she began typing again. Slowly at first then picking up speed. Five minutes after that the test was over. I walked over and helped her remove the headphones.

"How was that?" I asked, smiling.

"Oh, that wasn't nearly as hard as I expected," She said, killing me with that dazzling smile of hers. I led her over to the sofa and asked her to have a seat while I analyzed the results.

As she sat I said, "Olive oil". The smile left her face as her eyes glazed over. "Tamara?" I asked catching my breath.

She stared straight ahead and said "Yes."

"What are you doing?"

She continued to stare straight ahead. "I am awaiting your instructions," She said in that sultry sexy voice.

"Tamara, you will do anything I say. From this day forward you will obey me. You will want to please me. Do you understand?"

She blinked. "Yes, I understand." There was potential in this.

"From now on, when placed in this hypnotic state, you will refer to me as master. Do you understand?"

She nodded her head slowly. "Yes master."

"Tamara, have you ever had sex before?" I asked.

"Yes master I have."

I smiled. "You will tell me how many partners you have had and what it was like. It will feel completely natural to talk to me about this. You will feel completely natural talking to me about anything."

Her eyes continued staring straight ahead as she spoke of her experience. "I have only had sex once. It was back home in Alabama. It was with my best friends' brother Brian."

"Did you enjoy it?" I asked, my curiosity piqued.

She shuddered. "No I did not. He told me I wanted it and that I had been teasing him all summer. He had me out in the woods and there wasn't anything I could do. Momma had always told me that kind of thing was nasty. She was right. I never want to do anything like that ever again."

I thought to myself how unfortunate that must have been for her. "Tamara, when I say the word lark you will return to your conscious mind. You will possess your thoughts but I will control your body and your feelings. Do you understand?"

She nodded her head slowly.

"You will have no inhibitions with me. You will not remember anything that happened in any hypnotic state. Lark."

Tamara looked up at me. "Are you going to check the results?" She asked expectantly.

"Oh, Tamara, I don't think that will be necessary. I think you will be a natural. Run your hands over your breasts and down your stomach. Press your dress into your pussy with the palm of your hand."

Tamara stood up from the sofa. "Mister Dawson," She said, horrified, "what type of girl do you think I am?" While she spoke the palms of her hands brushed along the curve of her breasts, over the top and down to the scoop underneath, down along her flat stomach and between her legs. She rubbed her palms between her thighs and her hips arched a little. "Mis....Mister Dawson....Why am I doing this? Why does it feel so good?" Her hips swayed as her palms pressed hard against the fabric. She moaned softly. I said olive oil and she stopped moving, her hands falling to her sides.

"Tamara, when you return to your conscious state you will remember nothing of what just happened. You will retain control over your actions and your thoughts as long as they coincide with mine. You will be very open to my suggestions and ideas. You will believe what I say to be true. Do you understand?" I spoke slowly and firmly.

"Yes master," She said.

"Lark."

Tamara appeared confused, unsure why she was off the sofa. I quickly changed the subject. "Tamara, I hope you don't mind me calling you Tamara.....Or maybe Mara for short.......You can call me master when we are alone since we are going to be working so closely together from now on."

She blinked away her confusion and smiled at me. "Yes Master. And I think Mara is the best thing anyone has ever called me." She practically burst with pleasure. "It's very warm in here. Aren't you hot in that dress?" I asked. Slowly she began to unbutton the dress and slip her shoulders from it. It fell to the floor, catching on her curvy hips. "Doesn't that feel much better?" I asked.

She nodded and smiled, her eyes as big as stars. I was right. She had some damn fine curves hidden beneath that dowdy dress. Her breasts were voluptuous, straining against the bra she wore. Her hips were nicely rounded, her legs exquisite. Her bra and panties were plain white box store items. That would have to change. I could feel the material of my pants straining against my raging hard on.

"Mara, look at this bulge in my jeans."

She lowered her eyes from mine and they bulged at what they saw. She kept staring at my pants as I continued to speak.

"You would love to see my cock. Thinking about it is making your body respond in ways you have never felt." She licked her lips as her hips began to sway slowly. "You would love to taste me, to suck my cock until I cum and fill you with my seed. But you can not without asking permission."

Slowly she tore her gaze away from my crotch and looked me in the eye. I could see near panic looking back at me. "Master, may I suck you cock?" She practically begged. Her hands quivered at her sides.

"Mara, you may suck my cock but you must understand some things first. You may not touch it with anything but your lips and tongue. Not today. When you suck my cock it will be the most wonderful thing you have ever done. The minute your lips touch my flesh you will be wracked with an orgasm unlike anything you have ever felt. You will continue to have orgasms until I cum. And when I cum your body will feel like it is exploding with ecstasy. You will belong completely and totally to me. You will not want anyone else unless I tell you to want them. Do you understand?"

She nodded and gulped. I nodded slightly and she rushed over to me and dropped my pants in a heart beat. Luckily I was not wearing any underwear. She dropped to her knees immediately and brushed her lips against my throbbing cock. Her hips arched and she moaned as the first orgasm ripped through her. She opened her mouth and slipped it over my hardness. She moaned as she worked her tongue over me. Slowly moving her mouth down over me then back out, never letting her lips completely separate from my flesh. She continued to have orgasm after orgasm, writhing against me, wanting to hold me but knowing she could not touch. All of this was extremely exciting and my climax built more quickly that I had expected.

"Oh," I moaned, my hands on the back of her head, "I am going to cum!"

As the orgasm ripped through my body I could feel her body tremble, could see her hips writhing. I heard her scream into my cock but she never took her lips away. She swallowed deeply of me and only released her lips when my cock became flaccid.

"Oh Master," She said, staring up into my eyes from her position in front of me, "That was the most wonderful thing I have ever tasted. Please, May I have more?" She stared at me with rapture in her eyes.

I smiled back and patted her head. I was spent. "Not today Mara. You have other things to do." I went to my desk and removed some money from it. "Here is a thousand dollars. I think you need some new clothes, something more colorful and cheery. I think you have a bit of a wild side to you."

She looked at her dress on the floor. "I can't believe I ever wore that," She said, her brow furrowing. "That is not me at all. I think I need brighter colors. Maybe something a little wilder."

"Yes. I think you would look wonderful with pierced ears. And you need new bras and panties too. I wonder if they would have anything at the adult stores you would like?" I said.

She smiled at me. " I am going to get some new panties and bras. Maybe I will get some lacy ones.......And some not so lacy. I think I want to get my ears pierced too. I've always secretly wanted to go to one of those adult stores but momma told me it was the devil's work. Momma is a long way away. I think I will go there." My suggestions were planted.

"Mara, I think you should dress and go get your shopping done. Tomorrow is your first day of work and we have lots to do."

Mara walked over to her clothing and dressed quickly. She came over to me and thanked me for all I had done for her and told me she looked forward to seeing me tomorrow. I could not wait. Our adventure was just beginning.

____________________________

Free Original Erotic Stories.
tagMind ControlThe Making of Mara Ch. 02
The Making of Mara Ch. 02
byMpulse©

I realized I was pacing the floor. "Stop this," I said. I continued despite my admonition. I had to admit my present nervous state was not something I expected, even given the circumstances. Mara was late, and to top that off she was bringing her mother.

It had been two weeks since I met Mara. Two weeks since the programming took place. Two wonderful, glorious weeks of passion and pleasure. She was mine, totally and completely, and her feelings for me, albeit enforced by my programming, were genuine. She was a changed woman since she met me.

Of course, that was the problem. Little did I know when this began that Mara talked to her mother every evening after "work." Her mother was initially curious, then concerned, then frightened from the changes her daughter had undergone. Her angelic, nervous daughter who had never done a thing on her own flew away from Alabama to become an uninhibited, sexually liberated independent woman. Her mother was so concerned she had announced to Mara last night over their daily phone call that she and Brianna, Mara's sister, would be flying out first thing this morning to find out what was going on.

Mara had made a lot of changes over the last two weeks. Her jet black hair, which she had worn up when I met her, was always down and draping across her shoulders. She wore lipstick now, a deep red shade she particularly liked, as did I. She had traded in that dowdy dress for a short skirt and high heels and brightly colored tops. She had a confidence and joy now that I never would have imagined at the time of our meeting.

I heard the front door open. "Alex, I'm home." I heard Mara say as the door closed. My stomach leapt from the butterflies and I gulped and headed to the foyer.

Mara rushed to me and threw her arms around me, lavishing me with kisses. I heard someone clearing their throat as I removed her. Standing behind Mara were two women who could only be Mrs. Stafford and Mara's sister Brianna. I approached them.

"Mrs. Stafford," I began, reaching out to take her hand. "It is a pleasure to meet you so soon. You look lovely," I said. In truth she really was lovely. She looked a lot like Mara when I first met her, just a little older. She wore the same dowdy kind of dress Mara had worn, had the same full lips and jet black hair. Brianna was a different story.

"Brianna," I said, "You are more than welcome here." Brianna had her arms crossed over her breasts but I could tell they were not as ample as either Mara's or her mothers. She dressed a little more boldly wearing a T-shirt and jeans. Her hips were slimmer than Mara's, her body smaller. Maybe she hadn't matured into it yet. After all she had just turned eighteen. Her most striking features were her long blonde hair and her green eyes. Neither her sister nor her mother had those.

"Mr. Dawson," Mara's mother began, "I wish to speak to you in private regarding my daughter's welfare. I think it is high time she came home with Brianna and I and gave up on this lifestyle of hers. She is obviously not the same woman she was when she left." She would really be a beautiful woman if she could stop pursing her lips and smile once in a while.

"I see," I said, concern in my voice. "Mara, why don't you take Brianna over to the arcade room and let her try out some of the new games while I escort your mother to my office. Please meet us there once Brianna is comfortable."

"Oh, this will be a joy," I heard Brianna mumble as Mara led her out of the room. Well, at least one of them broke the mold, I thought to myself as I led Mrs. Stafford into my office.

"Mrs. Stafford," I said after we were in my office and the door was closed, "I am sure you have your daughter's best interests at heart. I know she told you that she and I are dating and I imagine you wonder what type of man I am."

Mrs. Stafford continued to stare at me. "My daughter was a good girl until she came to this God forsaken town. I think you are a bad influence on her."

Inwardly I groaned. "Mrs. Stafford, please call me Alex. It may help your cause if you know a little more about what type of work I do here. If you would be so kind as to sit on the sofa I can play a video of our different advancements in computerized medical equipment, software design, and show you some of the humanitarian projects we contribute to."

She continued to purse her lips and reluctantly moved to the sofa. I asked if she needed anything, anything at all. She just gave me that evil eye and watched the screen. I excused myself for a minute and walked down the hall to the arcade room.

As I was headed to the arcade I ran into Mara. "Is she still playing the game?" I asked.

"She just finished master," Mara answered, a twinkle in her eye. "She is very pretty isn't she?"

I smiled. "Not as pretty as you are. Let's go check on your sister."

We walked to the arcade and found Brianna lounging in one of the chairs. "How did you like the game?" I asked.

"I thought it was kind of lame," she said, staring me straight in the eye. "Are you fucking my sister?"

I was astounded she would be so blunt. I did the only thing I could think of. I said the word "toga." Brianna's body went slack in the chair. "Brianna, can you hear me?" I asked.

"Yes," She replied. I was very glad I made modifications to the arcade simulators and some of the other electronics in the house prior to this unexpected visit. "You will remain here in this state until I come to get you. Do you understand?"

"Yes."

I proceeded back down the hallway to where Mara's mother awaited. Mara trailed a short distance behind me. I asked her to wait outside the door until I called for her.

Mara's mother was sitting on the sofa in a deep trance. I had programmed this monitor to leave the person in a trance to await further instructions. Key words were beginning to frustrate me.

"Mrs. Stafford, what is your first name? Why are you here?" I asked.

"My first name is Lexine. I am here to let Tamara know that her father and I are getting a divorce," She said, her eyes out of focus.

I sat back in my chair. That was not the answer I expected. While I pondered a response I noticed how much Lexine had changed since she went under. She was relaxed and calm and just as beautiful as her oldest daughter.

"From now on Mrs. Stafford I shall call you Lexi. You will find the name comforting and pleasing to you. It will make you feel better about yourself than you have felt recently. You will refer to me as master when we are alone or as Alex when we have company. You will refer to Tamara as Mara. I thought you came to sweep Mara away?" I stared at her as she listened to me speak.

"I told Mara I was coming to take her away. She is not the same girl she was when she left. I really wanted a place for Brianna and me to stay while I waited for the divorce to be final. Bill is a bad man. He drinks too much and hits me. He asks for sex," She shuddered, "Then beats me after. I hate sex. It is the devil's playground. He lost his job at the factory and now beats me every chance he gets. We had to get away, like Mara did."

I wondered if the whole family was screwed up sexually. Mara was when I met her, and now Lexi. "Lexi," her eyes met mine, "The pain he gave you is a distant thing. You will feel that you have begun to heal from it. You know that his problems had nothing to do with sex. His problems were exactly that, his problems. You were not to blame for any of it. It was his inadequacies, not yours. You will no longer think of sex as something dirty. You will be curious of it and all the different things involved in it. You will be curious of all things sexual. You will find my and Mara's touch to bring you to a mild orgasm. You will find it to be very pleasing and you will ache for more. You will be flirtatious and bold in your sexual exploration. Nothing will be taboo; Everything sexual will bring you great joy and pleasure. You will not remember any of this conversation. You will feel that these changes all came from you. You will remember that we talked about Mara's changes and that you are very pleased with who she is now. You will remember talking to me about you and your husband and that I offered for you and Brianna to stay here and that you accepted. Any suggestions I make you will take to heart. You will want to please me. If I ever say the word toga to you you will return to this state of consciousness. Do you understand?"

Lexi nodded. "I understand master."

"When you hear me say the word Rufus you will return to the state of consciousness prior to the start of the video. Rufus," I watched intently as she surfaced.

She blinked several times then rose from the couch smiling. As she approached me she said, "I don't know how I can ever thank you for taking the time to listen to me rant on about my problems." She reached out her hand to shake mine. As we touched she shivered. I grabbed her and she shuddered again.

"Are you alright?" I asked, knowing full well she just had an orgasm.

"I....I think so. Yes, I am marvelous," She said, smiling up at me. She did have a beautiful smile just like her daughters. "I don't suppose," She began, staring up into my eyes, "You have any older brothers?"

"No," I grinned, "I am one of a kind."

She pressed herself against me and half smiled. "That's a pity," She said, her lips just inches away from mine, "You are a very handsome man. If you didn't belong to my daughter I would try to steal you away." She shivered again.

"Oh, Lexi, I think there is more than enough of me to go around," I said, leaning toward her.

She smiled up at me and brushed my lips with hers as she said, "You know what, you are right. There is more than enough of you to go around. I am sure Mara won't mind." She pressed her lips against mine, crushing her body against me and moaning into my mouth.

Her body was firm beneath this dress. I could feel all the curves as her hips ground against me. My hands ran down her back cupping the cheeks of her ass as we continued that crushing kiss. I ran my lips along the side of her neck. She moaned. I said, "That dress looks terrible on you."

She pulled away and gave me a lascivious grin. "And that suit looks terrible on you. Maybe we should take them off?" She said as her arms reached around and began unbuttoning her dress. I was out of my clothes in seconds.

She liked what she saw. I wasn't the most hung guy in the world but I was comfortable with what I had. It didn't hurt that I had a throbbing hard on.

She had a gorgeous body. She and Mara could be sisters. After all, she wasn't that much older than Mara. Sixteen years difference. What a young mother. Her breasts were firm and stood out from her body. Her hips flared as she tilted her weight to one side while she stared at me smiling. I took her in my arms and kissed her. I couldn't resist.

I guided her to my desk as I whispered to her. "You are a very beautiful woman. You belong here, now. With Mara and I. I want to be inside you."

She pressed her lips against my earlobe. "I want you inside me. I haven't wanted anything else since we finished talking. Every time you touch me I get more excited. Make me yours."

I leaned her over the desk, her breasts pressing against the cool surface. She gasped. "You are mine," I whispered as I parted her cheeks and rubbed the head of my cock against her pussy lips. Her hands gripped the other side of the desk as she moaned, "Yes........I am yours. Take me Alex!"

Her pussy was dripping wet and she continued to have mini orgasms as I rubbed the head of my cock against her. I slid the head in just an inch or so and moved from side to side. She gasped again. I couldn't take any more of it. I slid my cock in and slowly built up a rhythm. I moved faster as I felt her move against me, moaning and groaning in pleasure, probably the first pleasure she had ever had from sex.

I pushed my full length into her as I felt her body shudder. In and out I worked my cock as she shuddered again, another orgasm taking its toll on her. My cock throbbed inside her; I could feel my own orgasm building.

"I'm going to cum," I groaned as I felt the eruption begin.

"Yes!" She screamed as I exploded into her. Her body shivered and she collapsed onto the desktop. I caught myself with my arms before I did the same right on top of her.

"That was incredible," She moaned. I could hear the smile in her voice. "Is this the welcome I get for agreeing to stay here?"

I smiled in spite of myself. "If it is you can expect to be welcomed over and over again. It's time to get dressed. You have shopping to do."

Lexi smiled at me. "I love to shop. I haven't bought any new clothing in so long. I think its time to say goodbye to the old fashioned dresses. What do you think?"

"I kind of like the dresses. Just not the type you've been wearing. Maybe something more up to date?" She grinned at me as she finished dressing and I called for Mara. Mara came in and looked at her mother then at me. She had a puzzled look in her eye.

"Mara," I said, "I would like you to take your mother shopping. She would like some new clothes. You have my card and you surely know how to use it." I grinned knowing full well that Mara had more than spent her share on clothing the last two weeks.

"Oh, mother," Mara's smile brought the sunshine down on me, "I know this lovely place for us to go shop in. You are going to love it there."

"Mara, before you leave I need to speak to you." Her mother waited at the door as she approached me. "Mara, I leaned against her, my breath in her ear. "You will respect your mother while you are out with her. Make her happy and comfortable. Do you understand?"

"Oh, yes master," She replied smiling. "I will make my mother happy." She walked back to her mothers side.

As they walked to the door Lexi turned to me. "What about Brianna?" She asked.

I smiled at them. "Oh, Brianna and I will have everything worked out by the time you two get back."

Free Original Erotic Stories.
tagMind ControlThe Making of Mara Ch. 03
The Making of Mara Ch. 03
byMpulse©

Mara and Lexi walked in to Meme's, a fashionable shop that Mara just loved. I didn't particularly care for it. I didn't like the neighborhood it was sheltered in. On one side was a bar and across the street an adult novelty shop.

Mara picked out some jeans and slacks for Lexi but she refused to try them on. She was interested in long skirts and dresses, body hugging tops that showed off her curves for maximum effect. Lexi found several she wanted to try on and asked Mara to join her in the changing room. Mara preferred to wait outside and give her mother privacy but in the end she agreed. She wanted her mother to be comfortable and happy.

The changing booth was smaller than Mara had remembered. With her and Lexi in the room there was little space for changing. Mara placed the new clothing on the wall hook as Lexi began to undress.

"Mara honey," Lexi said as she turned her back to Mara, "Would you help me undo these buttons?"

"I would be happy to mother," Mara replied as she reached out to undo the top button. The minute Mara's fingertips reached under the cloth to grasp the top button and unhook it Lexi shivered. Mara undid the second button and moved the material away from Lexi's smooth flesh. Mara undid a third button and placed the palms of her hands on her mother's shoulders. She slipped them under the material and gently moved it off Lexi's shoulders. She could feel the heat emanating from Lexi and she felt a familiar heat building within herself.

"Mm," Lexi whispered, "That feels great." With Mara's first touch Lexi felt an orgasm pass through her. It was a small orgasm but enough to stir the heat in her loins. When Mara's palms touched her back she had another, stronger orgasm. She could feel her body heating up and the deep desire so long contained within her threatening to break free. "Don't stop touching me," She gasped. Lexi felt her dress slip off her shoulders and onto the ground and she turned to face Mara. Lexi was glad she had left her bra back at Alex's place. She felt so liberated the less clothing she wore.

Mara stared at her mother's body. Her breasts stood out proud and firm and Mara could feel her own nipples getting hard and rubbing against the fabric of her shirt. She could feel the fire burning inside her, the desire to keep touching, yet she was torn. Her master had told her she could not be with anyone without his permission. Yet he also had said to make her mother happy.

Lexi ran the palms of her hands down her breasts. Her nipples were firm against her palm. She could see her daughter's nipples standing out against the fabric of her tee and she ached to touch her, to feel that thrill shoot through her own body when she did. "Mara, my little girl," She whispered, "You are so beautiful." She took her hand and placed it on Mara's right thigh. "Oh," She purred, "I can feel the heat even from here." She ran her fingers down the fabric of Mara's skirt, down against her thigh, and back up under her skirt slowly. "Let me touch you," She whispered, her lips against Mara's ear. Mara felt her hips sway forward. She felt her mother's fingers working their way up the inside of her thigh slowly, barely touching her flesh. She could feel an inferno building within her, a fire seeking control. "Mother," She gasped, "I don't think...."

"Hush Mara," Lexi whispered letting the tip of her tongue dart out and touch the edge of Mara's earlobe, "It makes me so happy to feel you pressed against me. I want to touch you in those secret places."

Mara moaned softly. Her decision was made. After all, she was to keep her mother happy, wasn't she? She placed her hand on top of her mothers and guided Lexi to the source of the raging inferno within her. She was thankful she had made the decision, after meeting Alex, to stop wearing panties unless they were absolutely necessary. She could feel the palm of Lexi's hand rubbing against her, could feel the wetness within her rising to the surface to coat her mother's hand. Her hips swayed against Lexi's hand as their bodies pressed together.

Lexi brushed her lips against Mara's. "Oh, my sweet," She moaned softly, "You are so hot. You are going to burn up." She felt orgasm after orgasm wrack her body with every touch. She couldn't possibly have any left. She slipped her finger inside her daughter's wetness, slipping it in slowly. She worked it back and forth, probing deeper and deeper, pacing out a rhythm that made Mara throw her head back and moan loudly.

Mara wrapped her arms around her mother's neck and thrust her hips forward. Mara wrapped a leg around her mother's hip, pulling her closer and crushing Lexi's hand between them. She felt her mother probing inside her, deeper. She felt her mother's thumb pressing against her clit as she writhed out of control. "Momma," She panted into her mother's ear, "I...I'm going to cum!"

She pushed against her mother so hard as she climaxed Lexi hit the wall behind her. Lexi moaned in time with her daughter as another orgasm wracked her body. She held Mara close to her as their orgasms faded.

"Oh, my sweet little girl," Lexi said as she brushed the hair from Mara's face and removed her right hand from under Mara's skirt. She took her juice covered hand and rubbed her finger against her lips. "Let's keep this our little secret, shall we dear?"


Mara nodded slowly while she tried to catch her breath. "Yes, momma. It will be our little secret for now."

"Good," Lexi said as she moved her face closer to Mara's. "Let's seal it with a kiss."

Mara felt another thrill shoot through her spine as Lexi's lips, covered with Mara's own juices, pressed against hers. When they broke the kiss her mother went about trying on the different outfits as though nothing had happened.

When they walked out of the dressing room Lexi was wearing a beige skirt that stopped right above the knee and a white blouse and heels. It was obvious from the bounce in her step that she was not wearing a bra. The clerk watching the dressing room gave her a knowing smile as she handed him the clothing she wanted.

"We'll take these," She said with a dazzling smile. "You should really work on making those rooms a little larger."

As they stepped out into the remaining day Lexi took Mara's hand and led her across the street. Mara smiled at her mothers new found happiness and wondered what her master was doing.


Free Original Erotic Stories.
tagMind ControlThe Making of Mara Ch. 04
The Making of Mara Ch. 04
byMpulse©

I walked in to the arcade room anxious to get Brianna underway. She was still sprawled in the chair, her eyes out of focus. I smiled at her in her faded jeans and t-shirt, arms hanging at her sides so I could see most of her body. She was not as tall as Mara or Lexi and her breasts were a bit smaller. Even though she was not the type of woman I was normally attracted to she had an indefinable quality that made her irresistible.

"Brianna," I said, watching her closely.

"Yes," She responded, her eyes staring off at something only she could see. Her breathing was slow and steady and she seemed at peace with herself.

"Follow me," I said as I turned and walked out the door. I knew without question that she would follow me. I walked at a comfortable pace feeling no need to hurry. I knew Mara and Lexi would be out shopping for a good while and I had most of the afternoon free. I walked in to my office and made myself comfortable in the chair across from the sofa. I watched Brianna slowly step through the doorway. "Sit on the sofa Brianna," I instructed.

She walked with hesitation as if a great weight had been placed upon her delicate shoulders. She made her way to the sofa and plopped down, collapsing like a sack of potatoes. She continued to stare off in space.

"Brianna, you don't like your name," I said, watching her closely. "From now on I will call you Ana. You will find that name comforting and pleasing to you. When you hear me or anyone else call you that you will feel some excitement, some sexual teasing. Do you understand?"

Her brow furrowed for a second. "Yes I understand," She said slowly, "I like the name Ana."

"Good," I said, sliding back in my chair," I want you to tell me about yourself. Tell me something no one else knows."

Her brow furrowed again. "I watched Brian have sex with Mara," She said, her voice a sing song melody as she processed the memory, "They were out in the old barn. He was mean to her. He told her she was a tease and he made her have sex with him. I was up in the loft when it happened. They never saw me."

"What did you think of it?" I asked watching her closely. Her breathing was still slow and steady. She was perfectly calm repeating the episode.

"Brian was a prick," She said, "He made here have sex with him right there in the barn. He didn't even let her take her dress off. He forced her to the floor and ripped her panties off. He took his penis out and got down on top of her. She tried to resist but he wouldn't let her. His penis was small. "

I adjusted myself in my chair. "Ana," I said, "From now on you will refer to all things sexual with a more familiar, comfortable choice of vocabulary. You will refer to a penis as a cock, and so on. Tell me what you thought about all that was going on with Mara and Brian. What did you feel?"

Brianna shifted on the sofa, her fingers intertwined and twitching. "I hated him for it. He was making her do something she didn't want to do. I was excited, too. It really turned me on to watch my sister get her comeuppance. She was always Momma and Daddy's golden girl. Now she was doing something she didn't want to do, something she wanted to stop and no one was there to help her. I hated Brian for what he did but I liked watching her. Brian should not have been the one to do it."

I leaned forward in my chair. "What?"

Brianna's eyes cut in my direction. For just a fraction of a second her green eyes seemed to regain her focus as she stared at me. "It should have been me. I should have been the one taking her. I have always been the tarnished little girl of the family. It was her turn. But Brian stole that from me. I hate him for it. I watched her fight against him, pinned down by his strong arms. I could see her breasts heaving through her dress. I wanted him to strip her and take her so I could see all of her, all of her humiliation. I wanted to be Brian."

I leaned forward in my chair, concern in my voice. "Ana, you understand that I am fully in control of you?"

She hesitated for a second then quietly answered. "Yes." Her eyes had lost their focus again and she seemed to be mine.

My confidence returned. "Ana," I asked as I settled back into the chair once again, "Have you ever had sex?"

"Yes," she responded, "With Brian."

I stared. This girl seemed full of surprises. "With Brian?"

"Yes," She replied, once again lost in her memories, "After Mara left I flirted with Brian until I had him interested. He took me out to the barn and tried to do what he did to Mara. I wouldn't let him. I hit him with a bucket. I told him I was in charge. I made him wait for a while and teased him but I got bored with it and came. He did to."

That was a surprise. I would have liked to pursue that farther but I felt a need to move on. I wanted this finished before the women came home. "Ana, you will continue to have the same sexual desires you have always had but now they will be amplified. The only people who will be able to satisfy your sexual urges are myself and your family unless I specify otherwise. When you awaken you will find yourself strongly attracted to me. You will want to please me in order to satisfy your own needs. Do you understand?"

Ana's forehead was dotted with perspiration. Slowly she nodded.

"When we have an orgasm together, when I fill you with my seed, you will belong to me forever. You will want only to please me, to obey me. When we are alone or with your family you will call me master. Do you understand?"

Sweat was pouring off Ana's forehead now. Her fingers were twitching. Slowly she rose from the sofa. "No man is my master." She said, her eyes regaining focus.

My mouth dropped to the floor. What was going on? "Ana, what are you doing?" I asked, rising from my own chair.

She walked behind the sofa letting her fingers trail along the arm and back. She turned and smiled at me. "Why are you calling me Ana? Don't get me wrong, I like it. It makes me feel all wild and hot. Like you make me feel."

I shook my head. She didn't seem to remember me telling her that she would like the name Ana. Yet she was having the feelings I had hoped for. And I hadn't released her to consciousness yet, but she seemed to be operating of her own volition.

She stepped around the sofa to stand in front of me. "Say it again." She said, one cheek rising as she half smiled a devilish smile.

"Ana, something's not right with this," I said as I stepped toward her. She took a step back.

"I like that name. You are right," She said staring at me with those luscious green eyes, "Something's not right. You and Mara, for instance." She stepped back to the side of the couch and sat on the armrest. "Mara. Why would Tamara choose to go by that nickname? She never went by a nickname at home, so why now? And you and her? Why so fast? Her only other relationship was with Brian (Who I can't stand) and yet she rushed into a relationship with you and seems totally happy. In a few weeks. So what is going on here?" Her eyes were still staring into mine but now she had one eyebrow raised. I couldn't tell if the look on her face was curiosity or anger.

My mind was spinning. What the hell was going on? Was she under my control or not? Right now I would not put any money on myself. I ran my fingers through my hair. "Ana," I said as I took a step toward her.

She jumped from the arm of the chair and stepped back. She smiled mischievously. She twitched for a second. "You stay right there. If you come any closer I will run."

"Okay," I said as I began to turn to the side as if I was turning my back to her. I quickly spun and leapt the distance between us. She was faster than I. I managed to grab her by one wrist before she could bolt from the room.

"Let go of me!" She screamed as she hit me in the head with her free hand. I quickly grabbed the other wrist and held them down at my waist. She was exasperating.

"Listen to me," I said as she continued to struggle. She tried to head butt me. This girl was insane. Did I cause it? I backed her up against the wall of my library and used my head to hold hers against the wall as I pressed her back into it.

"Mara told me." I said.

For just a second Ana struggled a little less. "What?" She asked, "What did Mara say?"

My lips were next to Ana's ear. I whispered, "She told me you were there. With Brian." Ana stopped struggling. I pulled my head back a little and looked at her. Her green eyes were wide open. A look of shock was on her face. "What?" She asked, "What did she say?"

I knew I was lying, may God have mercy on my soul, but it seemed to be working. I had to get her to calm down!

"She said she saw you in the loft watching when Brian took her," I leaned back in against her just in case she chose to struggle again. At least that is what I kept telling myself. "She said you watched him expose himself, that you knew what he was going to do."

"I," She began to speak then hesitated, "I saw him pull out his cock. I saw him grab her by the wrists and push her to the floor."

"Yes," I whispered in her ear, "She said you watched the whole thing. She said as it went on it looked like you enjoyed it. Did you Ana?"

"I," she twisted her head and I felt her tug at her wrists. "I saw it."

"Ana," I felt her head turn toward my voice, "She said you enjoyed it. She could tell. She said you liked watching it. Is that true? Who is your master?" I whispered the last part to see what response I might receive.

"Stop calling me that," She whimpered, "My name is Bri-" Her cheek brushed mine, "Ana. I did! I did enjoy it!" I felt her hips under my weight, pressing against me, her back to the wall. "I watched him take her. He had such a small cock! She deserved more than that for her first time!"

"Ana," I whispered into her ear. She tried to pull her wrists from my grip but at the same time her hips moved forward to press against mine. "You wanted to do it, didn't you? I am your master; you will obey me in all things."

Her head pressed against my cheek and I felt her stop struggling. Her lips brushed my earlobe. "Say it again." She whispered.

"You wanted to do it." I said.

"No," She whispered, her breath hot against my ear, "My name."

"Ana," I spoke softly into her ear. I felt her hips move again, rising to meet mine from against the wall, "Ana, you belong to me. You will obey me." I nibbled her earlobe as she moaned softly and thrust again. "I am your master."

She bucked again and brushed her cheek against mine, her long blond hair flowing against the side of my face. I felt her lips brush my neck as she whispered, "No," Tongue darting out to lick my neck, "No man is my master."

I held her wrists in one hand as I pressed her against the wall. With my free hand I lifted her T-shirt from her stomach, up over her shoulders. I quickly transferred hands and pulled it completely free. With her shirt removed I could admire her body more. She was wearing a black bra with a small skull in each corner wear the straps attached. Her mom would have freaked if she had known. I mean, before I talked to her. Her breasts were smaller than Maras, but her body was tone. She must work out a lot judging from her musculature. She kicked out with one foot somewhere in the middle of my removing her shirt but it was a half hearted attempt. She was motivated for other things. I pressed back up against her to use my weight to hold her as I used one hand to unbutton her jeans.

"Stop," She whispered into my ear, this time dancing her tongue along the curves of it, "I'll be good."

She seemed to be responding to the sound of her name like I had programmed. Maybe I needed to use it more. "Oh, Ana," I said, feeling her hips move forward as her teeth brushed the flesh of my neck, "I have no doubt that you will be good. Ana WILL obey me. I AM your master Ana." I felt her pants dropping to the floor and was shocked to see she wore no underwear. "Take off your bra Ana."

Each time I said her new name I could feel her body responding. I could smell her lovely scent filling the air. I held her by the shoulders just in case she tried to run again as I watched her remove the bra. Her breasts were smaller than Mara's but her nipples were the biggest I had ever seen. Clearly the thickness of my pinky fingers! And sticking straight out firm on those lovely breasts.

"Ana, I want to taste those breasts," I looked right into those green eyes as I said it, "I am your master. You will enjoy it." I used one hand to hold her in place as I removed my shirt then lowered my lips to her nipple.

"I," She began as she felt my lips brush her nipple, "I have no," Her voice trailed off as she began to moan. "That feels so good. Bite me," She whimpered.



Free Original Erotic Stories.
tagMind ControlThe Making of Mara Ch. 05
The Making of Mara Ch. 05
byMpulse©

I bit into the soft flesh of her breast as I moved myself away from the wall. I still held her with one hand as I fumbled with my pants. I pressed one knee against her womanhood as I kept saying her name over and over again, feeling her hips sway forward each time. I could feel her slick juices on my knee running down and spreading the sweet odor of her in the room.

When I stepped out of my pants I held one wrist in each hand again, using my cheek to turn her head to meet my eyes as I leaned back. "Ana, you belong to me. Ana, I am your master. Ana, would you like to have an orgasm?" Each time I said her name her hips rose to meet mine, brushing against my hardness and clearly trying to slip me inside her. Each time I finished a question I would brush her cheeks with my lips to accentuate the question.

She turned her head from me. "No, I, Yes, you are confusing me! I need to cum!!" She panted as she slammed her lips against mine hard enough to bring a drop of blood.

I wrapped my hands around her thin wrist and slid her up the wall. As I slid her up I let the tip of my tongue brush against her flesh as it passed, touching her neck, the curve of her breast, and a bit of her stomach as it went by. Her body shivered from the new cold spot on the wall and from the tip of my tongue. Her hands were free but she did not even try to resist any more.

As the tip of my hard cock brushed against her dripping lips I began my mantra again. "Ana, you belong to me. Ana, you will obey my every command. Ana, belonging to me is your greatest joy. Ana, I am your master." I said this last part as the tip of my cock passed the threshold of her sex, slowly easing into her.

"Oh god," She moaned into my ear as she writhed against me., "That feels sooo good. That's what I have been wanting all this time."

Her hips bucked against me as I slipped in and out of her setting up a rhythm her body matched. Her hands were against the wall, arms outstretched, palms pressing against the cold hardness as I thrust. She was like an animal, thrusting and biting my flesh; scratching at the wall. Moaning and lost to her ecstasy.

I wasn't much different. I was pumping my hardness into her for all it was worth, feeling the orgasm building inside me.

"Ah," She screamed out as she wrapped her arms around my neck, her fingernails sinking into my shoulders, "I am cumming!"

I pumped harder, panting, running my lips over her hard nipples and biting at them. I felt my orgasm rushing through me like some icy cold lava as I said her name.

"Ana," I grunted, thrusting deep, "I am going to cum!" As the words left my lips I felt the eruption begin.

Ana wrapped her arms around my neck and thrust her hips forward. I could see a smile on her lips. "Yes, master," She moaned as she smiled at me, "Yes!"

Our bodies collapsed to the floor. Both of us were panting heavily. Her hands were at my cheeks as she kissed my lips, my forehead, and my cheeks.

She smiled at me. "I will obey you, master," She said as she continued kissing me, "I belong to you. I will make you happy. I'll do anything you want."

I held her in my arms and thought over the whole experience. The intensity of it all. I didn't mean just the sex, not to underrate it; it was incredible. What had happened that caused her to resist? And was she truly mine now? I would have to get to the bottom of this.

______________________________________________

I had spent several hours going over the subroutine that I had set up in the arcade. I had found a slight flaw in the program that might have made a person receiving the signal be a little reluctant to accept it. I am sure that was what the problem had been with Ana.

I felt small, muscular arms wrap around my neck and hot breath on my ear. "Aren't you about done?" I heard Ana whisper in my ear. She let the tip of her tongue run along my earlobe. "I need you inside me master."

"I am almost finished," I said, still lost in concentration on this programming error. I hated to make mistakes. Ana sighed and walked over to the plush chair sitting across from the desk. She sat down in it sideways, her legs draping over one arm and her shoulders over the other. She was wearing one of my tank tops which she could easily swim in. The cut of the neck line, which fit me fine, plunged revealingly on her. Occasionally, when she turned just right, her breast was fully exposed. She was clearly distracting me. I started to ask her to leave the room so I could concentrate when the door opened. Mara came in, her hair tussled, panic on her face and tears in her eyes.

"Master," She said, her voice cracking, "Something is wrong with mother. She is in her room and I don't know what is wrong with her!"

Ana had jumped from her seat and we helped Mara over to the chair. "I'll go," I said quickly, "Ana, you take care of Mara." Turning to Mara I said, "Mara, listen to Ana. She will help you calm down, do what she says." Turning, I headed for the door.

It took just a minute to make it to Lexi's upper floor room. I burst through the door to find Lexi thrashing on her bed. Her clothing was strewn about the floor and her fingers were gripping her sheets as her hips rose into the air. She was moaning and calling my name.

I called her name and ran to the side of the bed. I took her in my arms but the thrashing continued. "Lexi," I said, trying to soothe her, "its okay. Calm down." I stroked her back slowly, holding her close so she couldn't hurt herself, or me.

"Ma," She said, looking into my eyes, her hair covering half of her face, "Master? I had a terrible dream." The palm of her hand began to run along my thigh.

"It's over now, Lexi," I said, mildly perturbed that this woman could so easily succumb to a dream. "What did you dream about?"

She pressed her lips against my neck as her fingers moved toward my crotch. "I was standing in front of a mirror. I was wearing beautiful clothes, a long red skirt and a black tank top. I had no bra on and I could see my nipples poking through the material. I had a set of gold bracelets on, one on each wrist. My hair hung down my shoulders and I had dark red lipstick on making my lips look even larger.

I began to get excited at the way I looked. I ran my hands along my thighs feeling the material, and slowly pulled up the skirt to expose myself. I wasn't wearing any panties which excited me even more. I let my fingers explore my hot sex. I looked at myself in the mirror, because the thought of watching me touching was even more exciting. And it felt so natural to me.

When I looked into the mirror I was no longer wearing the same outfit. I was wearing a flower print dress. My hair was up in a bun and my lips were wiped clean of my sexy lipstick. My feelings changed, too. I began to feel that sex was bad, evil. When I raised my hands to cover my mouth I noticed the bracelets I had been wearing had joined together. It was like someone had tied me up." Her head rested on my shoulder and her body shook.

What the hell was going on? I thought. Was the programming failing? I gently lifted Lexi from my shoulder so I could look into her eyes. Slowly, staring at her, I said, "Toga."

Upstairs, Ana had a hand on Mara's shoulder. "Don't worry," she said as she ran her hand up and down Mara's arm, "You know how mama is, she will be fine."

"I know she will be fine," Mara said, calming down quickly. Ana stopped rubbing Mara's arm and stepped in front of her. She looked at Mara and the dark haired woman turned her eyes away. "What do you mean, "I know she will be fine"? What is the matter with mother?" Ana asked.

"Mother," Mara began, then lowered her eyes, "I don't want to talk about it."

Ana grabbed Mara's shoulders forcing her to look into Ana's eyes. "Master told you to listen to me and do what I say. Tell me."

Mara jerked like she had been struck. She spoke softly. "Lexi wanted some time with master. She asked me to pretend something was wrong so that he would come to her. Master told me to make mother happy and comfortable. Mother was neither so I had to help her."

"Mara," Ana said, lips turning into a grin, "Master told you to keep mother happy and comfortable? And he told you to do what I say." She stared at her sister, letting her gaze wander.

"Yes, he did," Mara said. She shifted in her seat and let her fingers twine in her lap. Mara was not feeling very comfortable at this moment.

Ana leaned over and placed a hand on each of Mara's shoulders. She had wanted this for a long time. Her face was inches away from Mara's and their eyes locked. "Master said to do what I say," She began, "From now on I am your master. You will do what I say. The master will never know that you obey only me now. When he gives you a command you will do as he says unless I challenge it. You will do what I say. You will obey me in all things. No one, nothing, can override my control. Only I can release you from my control." Their eyes were still locked but Mara's had begun to glaze over. Her head nodded slowly. Her hands were no longer twitching on her lap. Her body looked very relaxed. "Now," Ana began, "Tell me how you met master."

Lexi collapsed as the word left my lips. She fell back onto her bed and her breasts lolled to the side, gravity playing its part. The keyword worked as I had hoped but I must admit I was concerned. "Lexi," I said softly, "Tell me about your dream."

Lexi's head turned to the side closest to me. "There was no dream master," She said, voice relaxed, "I made that up so I could see you. I haven't seen you in a lifetime."

I tensed with anger. "Lexi," I said through gritted teeth, "You will never take the initiative to play a game like that with me again. You will obey me and only please me."

"Yes master," Lexi said. Her body was covered in a layer of sweat from all the thrashing. It glistened from her breasts and stomach and, despite my anger, I found myself becoming aroused. Her legs were spread from her collapse back onto the bed and from this angle I could see her sex smiling at me. How could I stay angry with her?

Ana shook her head as she paced the floor. So that is how Mara came to stay with the master. He had programmed her to obey him. Like she herself was doing with Mara right now. She should try to find out more about it. Ana knew how unhappy he would be if he found out. The last thing she wanted to do was displease him. She shook her head again. She needn't concern herself with those things, she told herself. Right now she had what she wanted.

Mara had been sitting perfectly still while Ana paced the floor, her eyes following her mistress' every movement. Ana turned toward her suddenly. "Mara, you will do what I say," Ana said. Mara's head nodded slowly and she softly said, "Yes mistress."

"You will continue to obey the master unless I otherwise command it. You will satisfy his needs. But you will crave to satisfy my needs when you do. You find me very attractive."

Mara stared at her younger sister. "I have always thought you were very beautiful," She said.

"Why, thank you," Ana said, "But this is beyond all that. You can feel it even as I speak. You desire me. You want to make love with me." As she spoke Mara's eyes took on a dreamy look. Her hands began to rub the tops of her thighs pushing her short skirt up as she did. Ana continued, "You want to belong to me. You know we belong together. You will do what I say. You can feel how excited I make you."

Mara's legs spread a little as her hands worked her thighs. A thin layer of sweat was building on her forehead and Ana could hear her breathing quickening. Ana leaned over the chair again, her arms on the arm wrests, her face close to her sisters.

"Feel how hot I make you," She said, her sister's eyes locked on hers, Mara's breath hot on her face, "You want to feel our bodies together. Breasts and stomachs touching, legs against legs."

"Yes," Mara panted, her back arching, "Please take me."

Ana leaned back. Was this what she wanted? She had longed for her sister since Brian had taken her, maybe longer. Watching Brian take her, seeing the delicious curves of her body, locked it in for Ana. But she had hated Mara for letting Brian do those things to her. She should have been stronger. Ana let a slow smile creep across her face.

"Lexi, touch yourself while I speak to you. Feel your body respond to your touch. Feel the heat in your loins as your body craves mine."

Lexi moaned softly as her hands left her sides. Her left hand trailed across her flesh to gently cup her left breast. Her right hand slid down her thigh and across to her sex. Her legs opened wider and she trailed her fingertips along her lips. She sighed softly.

I felt my erection throb as I watched. An odd thought entered my head. "Lexi," I said, "If you could do anything, other than pleasing me, what would you do? As you answer continue to touch yourself. More pleasure will come as you answer." While I listened I began removing my clothing.

"Master, I love pleasing you," She said, her hips rising slowly in a semi circle, thigh muscles tightening. "I lived my life in seclusion with my husband, away from others, away from the city. My children are grown. They have you to care for them." Her fingers slipped between her pussy lips as she moaned. "I wish to travel. I long to see the world."

My cock throbbed as I watched her hips rise, her fingers slipping between her wet lips. I was surprised by her answer but her body continued to distract me. "Lexi, what are you thinking right now?"

She looked at me. "I am thinking about how badly I want you. How I want to taste you. Make you happy."

I smiled. "Then taste my dear."

Ana pressed her lips against Mara's ear. "Stand up and undress," She whispered, feeling her nipples rise. Mara rose slowly, eyes glazed, and pulled her shirt over her shoulders. Ana stared at her sister's breasts, so large, and full. Ana took one of her sister's breasts in her hand, touching it lightly, then grasping, yearning to feel it. Mara's hands dropped to the short skirt she was wearing. She slipped it over her hips and stepped out carefully.

"Please mistress," She moaned softly, "Take me. Let me please you. I will do what you say."

Now was the time, Ana thought. "Mara," she spoke gently to her beloved sister, "When we make love you will do the things that make you feel good. You will feel the most intense desire with me. You will know that what we do should be forbidden, that it should be off the scale of your morale compass, but you will not care." Mara moaned as she listened, turning her breast into Ana's touch. "Your passion levels will build more than they ever have before. And," Ana breathed, feeling Mara's nipple getting harder beneath her fingertips, "You will be in control. You will be more assertive. You will be more aggressive. You will do as I say. Do you understand?"

Ana felt her hand being pushed away from Mara's breast. She took a step back and gazed up at her sister. Mara's eyes were no longer glazed, but they had darkened considerably.

"Yes," Mara breathed throatily as a smirk began to form on her lips, "I understand."

Lexi rose from the bed slowly and dropped to her knees in front of me. Her fingers ran the length of my cock as she moaned. Her other hand slipped between her thighs as her lips reached out to take my manhood. I groaned as I felt her wet lips wrap around me. I felt her tongue lip alongside the underside of my throbbing hard on. I felt my cock jerk with fire as she sucked. She moaned into my hard on as I watched her arm working. Clearly her fingers were as busy as her lips.

Her lips worked over and around my cock until I couldn't stand it anymore. I reached under her arms and lifted her to me. I leaned down, carrying her with me, into the mattress. We turned so I was underneath her, my ass on the mattress. My tongue darted across her lips as she straddled me. The tip of my cock brushed against her wetness and I pulled her lips to me. I felt my cock plunge deeply as our tongues touched.

Her arms wrapped around my shoulders as her nails dug into my back. Lexi's hips rose and lowered against my cock, a moan escaping her lips as I slid in. She was whispering "master" in my ear, over and over, as if it was a mantra.

Slowly, I stood, holding her tightly, keeping myself buried in her sex. She screamed as I plunged in, deeper and deeper, her hips riding into me and her head tossing back as if she was riding a stallion.

Her hands clung to my shoulders, nails digging in deeper, deeper, as I felt my cock thicken with its load. "Master," Lexi began to moan loudly, "I am going to cum!"

I felt my own load rip through me as she screamed into my ear, her hips thrusting hard into me, almost throwing me off balance. I held her tightly as she came, her arms loosening from my neck. I turned toward the bed and slowly lowered our bodies onto the mattress.

Lexi I sighed as her arms fell to her sides, a smile on her beautiful lips. "Thank you master," She murmured as she closed her eyes.

"You will thank me even more, shortly," I thought as I watched her drift off to sleep.


Free Original Erotic Stories.
tagMind ControlThe Making of Mara Ch. 06
The Making of Mara Ch. 06
byMpulse©

Mara grabbed her sister around the waist, fingers gripping the tank top Ana was wearing, and pulled her in. Mara's lips lowered to her sisters, taking Ana's mouth to hers, lips crushing against each other.

Ana's arms flew from her sides as she felt Mara's lips press against hers. She began to push her sister away when she felt her sister's tongue brush against her lips. She opened n her mouth in shock at how brazen her sister had become from the commands Ana had given her. As her lips parted she felt Mara's tongue dart in. Mara's tongue licked at Ana's. It brushed over Ana's lips, hot and pulsing, then plunged back in. Mara's lips pressed harder into Ana's. Mara pulled her tongue out slowly, Ana's following as if being summoned by a pied piper. When Ana's tongue passed over her sisters lips Mara closed her mouth and sucked softly. Ana's hands wrapped around her sister. How could she resist what she herself had created? Mara's arms embraced her sister as their lips pressed firmly against each others. She listened to her sisters moans as she stepped forward, forcing her sister to step back.

Mara's grip on her sister's waist tightened as they continued stepping forward, stepping back, until Ana was to the door. Mara reached around her sister, pressing against her as she twisted the lock on the door. As she straightened, Mara's lips brushed her sisters. "No disturbances," She whispered as she led her sister to the middle of the room, fingers still wrapped tightly in Ana's tank top.

Ana's body trembled as Mara stopped them in the middle of the room. As she felt Mara's lips brush along her should over the strap of her tank top she wondered if this had been such a good idea. All her life Ana had thought of Mara as the beautiful one of the family, the pure, untainted one. Now, at her command, Mara was acting almost recklessly. Maybe a little dangerously. And Ana was acting timid. Ana rarely acted that way. Perhaps it was time to stop. As she prepared to command Mara to stop she felt her sisters fingers run along the inside of her thigh. Mara's fingers settled on Ana's hot wetness and Ana's body jerked as she felt her pussy responding to her secret desires. She turned her head toward her sisters and pressed her lips onto Mara's mouth, a passionate look in her eyes. All thought of stopping was gone.

Mara held her little sisters face in her hands as she kissed her cheeks, lips, and forehead. She let one hand drift down along the seam of the tank top, slowly working her fingers under the surface, down and around her sister's breast. She felt Ana moan against her lips as they kissed and Mara's fingers danced over Ana's nipple. Mara squeezed her sister's nipple between her fingertips. She felt Ana's body jerk and heard her sister make a startled noise and start to pull away. Mara cupped the breast and pulled her sister to her. This felt too good to stop.

Mara couldn't believe how exhilarating this felt. She knew it should be taboo; She should feel appalled at her actions but it all felt sooo good. The passion had just exploded through her body and she couldn't resist kissing Ana. When she felt her sister's body begin to respond she knew no matter how wrong this might feel they both wanted it. And THAT was even more exciting.

Mara's fingers stroked the inside of her little sister's thigh. She ran her fingertips higher until she could feel the heat of her sister's sex. She let the tips of her fingers gently stroke her sisters wetness. Ana's legs moved apart and Mara let her finger slip inside as she slowly moved her sister onto the floor.

Ana slipped her t shirt off as Mara lowered her to the floor. Her body was covered in a thin sheen of sweat. She felt like a tightly wound coil of steel waiting to spring loose. Mara's finger had remained inside her as she was moving to the floor and now she could feel her big sisters thumb gently rubbing her clit. God, she couldn't take this.

Mara stared down at her sister. She was so beautiful. Thin and muscular, breasts smaller than her own but so sweet to the touch. She slipped her finger slowly out of her sister and bent above her. She pushed herself down the carpet so her face was even with Ana's knee and slowly began to lick.

I sat on the edge of the bed watching Lexi sleep. I don't know how long I sat there watching her, listening to her breathe. She was so peaceful. I knew what I needed to do but I was reluctant. I had no right to feel so selfish. Slowly I took a breath and began to speak.

"Lexi," I began. She turned her head to the side and murmured the word master. Her eyes remained closed. "You said that you wanted to travel. I would like to help you make that dream come true. This evening at dinner you will announce to your daughters that you are going to be leaving. You will tell them of your desires to travel and that I have been kind enough to give you some cash to begin your adventure. You will plan on leaving in the morning. The limo will take you to the airport; from there you will go as you will. Once the limo has left the main gate you will no longer be under my control. You will remember the good times we had here but you will not remember any of what made you do those things. You will not have any of the inhibitions that you came here with. You will never be that woman again. You will think of me as a friend with benefits. You will remember me fondly but you will not feel the love that you have felt for me while you have been here. If you ever need me you will call. You will remember all of this as your idea. Do you understand?"

Lexi smiled slightly in her sleep. "Oh, yes master," She murmured, "Thank you."

I stood and without a glance behind left the room quickly.

Ana's whole body was covered in sweat. Her fingers pulled at the rug, tangling it between her fingers. Her hips writhed as her sisters tongue worked its way around her breasts, up the side of her neck and to her ear. "Ana," she felt her sisters hot breath on her earlobe, "You've always wanted this. I knew even when we were little. I could feel it. I thought it was wrong for you to feel that way. But you have helped open my eyes. I can see how right it is, how natural. Tell me how much you want me. Tell me it's true."

Ana panted as she felt her sisters teeth brush along her neck working their way down her body. She could feel the sweat of their bodies mixing, becoming one and her body burnt with desire. "Oh God yes," She panted as Mara's tongue leapt between her legs, "I've always wanted you. I always wanted to be you. I dreamt of being you and touching myself. You are so hot Mara. UH!"

Mara's tongue licked at her sister's sweetness. She felt so excited at the taste, how dirty she was being. She lapped along her sister's clit and slipped a finger inside as well. The taste of her sister made her feel that they were one. With her other hand she slipped another finger inside letting her tongue dance between the two. Joined together forever. So perfect. Her finger slipped in and out faster as Ana's hips thrust upward. Ana began moaning louder now. As Ana began to scream that she was going to cum Mara took one hand and pressed it firmly over her little sister's mouth.

Ana felt the fire racing to her burning clit as Mara's hand covered her mouth. She could smell her sex on Mara's hand as her body began to explode. She twisted her head and took the tip of Mara's cum covered finger between her lips. She sucked it in as the orgasm exploded all around her. She would never forget that taste.

As her body began to recover and she could breath again she looked at her sister. Mara was putting her skirt and top back on. "What are you doing?" She asked as Mara stepped over to her offering her a hand up. She had to fight to get the words out. She could barely breath.

Mara smiled. "You can please me another day. We have already been distracted too long. I am surprised the master hasn't been back already." She looked deeply into her sister's eyes. "Something is awake inside me that will not be without you. I love you little sister."

Ana felt tears form in her eyes. "Mara, you obey me now. I obey the master. I live to please him," She said as a tear fell, "But I can't be without you either. I don't know what just happened or even what I expected to happen. I didn't expect to feel the way I feel. I love you too."

Mara twisted her head. "He's coming," she said, rushing to unlock the door. As she was taking her hand away the door began to open.

I walked in the door and my mouth hit the floor. Both Ana and Mara were standing, naked, staring at me. Their bodies glistened in the morning light. "Master!" Ana said sheepishly.

I cocked an eyebrow and started to smile. "Would you girls care to tell me what has been going on?"

