Mommy's Panty Boy Ch. 01
byslitlicker69©

(This story not only explores the panty fetish, but includes incest as well)

*

My father left us when I was little, so most of the time it was just Mommy and me around the house. I always used to love looking up Mommy's skirts from as long as I can remember. It always looked so sexy and would always give me an erection. Sometimes I would peek into her bedroom when she was getting dressed.

I really love my Mommy. She is so beautiful and so much sexier than the girls my age. Actually, the girls my age are nothing but dorks the way they show-off their stuped piercings and tattoos making themselves look like something out of one of those old Boris Karloff movies grandma likes to watch.

But my Mommy isn't like that. I should know, I've seen her completely naked stepping out of the shower and there is not a tattoo or any other blemish anywhere on her whole body. And no stupid pieces of metal or jewelry to get in the way either. Her skin is so smooth and creamy white—with just a touch of tan from being out in the sun. Mom is in real good shape too, even though she's 38. She works out at the gym all the time and could easily pass for 28. She's about five ten, trim, and well-stacked. I think she told me sometime that she has a 37C. All I know is that they look firm and they bounce when she walks which I really love to watch. And, oh yeah, she has shoulder-length blonde hair.

All my buddies at school keep telling me how lucky I am to have such a beautiful, sexy mom. If only they knew how sexy she really was!

I turned 18 just yesterday (Friday), and mom took me out to dinner and dancing to celebrate. I felt so grown up, being the escort of such a beautiful sophisticated woman. The fact that she was my mom made no difference at all to me. In fact I felt proud of her. She turns eyes everywhere she goes. But especially last night. She was really dressed! She had on a form fitting, silky black dress that went down to just below her knees, and it was slit up on one side clear up almost to her hip. She also wore heels and hose. And the side of the dress where the slit was showed off her stockings and garter straps. It looked so bitchin' sexy. And, when the angle was right, or whenever she bent over the right way, I could catch a glimpse of her white panties when the slit of her dress parted. Of course so did a lot of other people based on all the looks she got. Actually, her panties, the whole monty, kind of showed up a little bit anyway through her black, stretched real tight dress. So did her white bra.

I was the envy of the whole club, and almost every eye turned her way. I really felt grown up and important being the escort for such a beautiful, sexy woman. But the best time of the whole evening was when we were dancing.

Around ten o'clock or so they turned the regular lights out and turned on a special dark lighting that made anything white stand out like it was florescent. So, this made it look like my mom's dress had completely disappeared and all you could see was her underwear. That looked so-o-o fucking sexy. It was really fun dancing the fast numbers with her and watching her move her white panties and bra this way and that in the lighting. But what I really loved were the slow numbers because then she danced up real close with her body right against mine. Mom is about an inch taller than I am, and in heels even a bit more, so when we danced up close her tits fit right on top of my pectorals. I felt like I was in another world, feeling her body move so sensuously against mine. The aroma of her perfume accentuated the other-worldly feeling making me feel like I was being transported on a bed of flower petals.

She was so warm, and felt so sexy moving in her slinky dress that was almost invisible under that lighting. Her white bra, standing out so sharply in the dark lighting gave me such a hard-on—especially the way she rested it on my chest. And, OMG, feeling her tits moving against my chest as we danced! She pressed her body in tight against mine, her arms around me, holding me close. The heat of her went right through me. And the way her hips and ass moved side-to-side as we danced sent tingles all over my body. There was no way she could not feel the growing bulge in my pants the way it was pressing against her crotch as we danced.

But Mommy didn't seem to mind at all. She just kept on dancing and holding me close. I got real brave and let my hands slide down from the small of her back to her ass!

Her face immediately turned bright red as she leaned back to look me in the eye. At first I thought she was going to scold me or something. But then her beautiful green eyes glistened and her face crinkled into a mischievous smile. I love it when she smiles like that 'cause it makes her nose kind of wriggle and wrinkle. She leaned back into me, much closer this time, resting her cheek against mine. When she ran her own hands down my back to rest on my butt I thought I'd go crazy. How could she not feel my cock suddenly get even harder as it strained against my trousers, throbbing against her increasingly warm crotch. Her warm crotch that was moving so sexily against my growing erection as we slow danced.

She let out a sigh, and the warmth and dampness of her breath scalded my ear lobe and made me tremble.

I can not describe how sexy it felt, having her ass move in my hands as we danced. Feeling her hands on my ass, feeling the heat of her crotch against my all too obvious, throbbing erection, feeling her tits move on top of my chest.

Towards the end of the evening, she gave me a kiss right on the lips. "It's getting late, son. I guess we'd better be going."

We walked to the car arm in arm. I played the gentlemen and held the driver's side door open for her. As she sat in the car seat and swung her legs in, the split in her skirt parted big time, and her whole skirt slid up and her legs parted giving me a nice bull's eye view of her panty covered crotch.

She caught me looking up her skirt, up between her legs.

"Oh, you naughty little boy you." She giggled and poked me in the stomach with her index finger as she brought her legs back together and swung them into the car. "Go sit down on your side."

I hung my heed sheepishly, and did as she said. But on the way home, I couldn't help but look at her legs as she drove---especially since the slit up her dress was on MY side so I got to see all the way up almost to her panties. Every time she had to apply the breaks, her thigh muscles would ripple just a little under her stocking. I tried to imagine what it would feel like to have my hand on her thigh and feel those muscles moving and rippling.

Mom began talking to me about school and stuff, but I still couldn't get my eyes off of her and how sexy she looked.

When we arrived at home, mom didn't wait for me to open the car door for her. I guess she didn't want to give me any more opportunities to look up her skirt. But, once inside before she headed off to her bedroom she gave me a big hug.

Neither of us said a word at first. We just held each other for the longest time. Then finally she said, "Thanks for the wonderful evening, Wendell."

"Thank you, mommy. It was your idea, and your treat."

"Yes, for your eighteenth birthday. You're my big man now." She kissed me right on the lips. It wasn't a sex kiss, but it wasn't exactly a mother-son kiss either. She let her lips rest against mine for much longer that the usual family good night kiss.

Her perfume enveloped me once more, transporting me out to la la land. I tasted her breath as it entered my mouth. My dick sprung to life again and began to bulge and throb against my trousers pressing against her crotch. God, I wanted to give her tongue so bad! But this was my mother for crying out loud! I felt her lips puckering once more against mine sending ripples of pleasure all through me. Then there was that sweet soft suckling sound as she kissed my lips strongly one more time. So, I gave her a little tongue. I just couldn't help it.

Her lips parted at first, and I felt her crotch grow suddenly warmer against my erection. Then she suddenly broke off the kiss, and pulled away from me with her face turning all shades of red. She turned and made a dash for her bedroom giving me a "good night sweetie" over her shoulder as she left me standing there in the front room.

I stood there perplexed for a few moments. The sweet aroma of her perfume lingered and still enveloped me. The sweet cherry taste of her lipstick was still strong on my lips and tongue. My lips still tingled from the sweetness of her kiss. My cock still throbbed from the closeness and hotness of her, and my whole body trembled from my overpowering need.

Needless to say, I didn't get much sleep last night. My clothes still smelled of her sexy perfume, so I sat them on a chair near the head of my bed so her aroma could keep me in la-la land all night long.

My lips tingled all night long from the good night kiss she gave me. My cock throbbed from remembering the feel of her body against mine as we embraced, the feel of her body against mine when we danced, and from the way my Mommy looked in that slinky black dress under that dark lighting, with her white bra and panties swaying this way and that, and the way her body moved against mine, the way her ass felt in my hands. And, oh, yes! Those tits!

This morning (Saturday), I was the first one in the kitchen. I got mom's coffee ready, then sat down at the little table in the breakfast nook to eat my cornflakes and read a football magazine. Just to the side of the breakfast table I was sitting at we have a serving bar/counter top combo that extends out from the sink and wraps around parallel to the breakfast table. There are several bar stools arranged on the side of the bar facing the breakfast table.

As I was eating, I heard from behind me the "swish, swish, swish" sound of nylon stockings rubbing together as mommy walked from her bedroom towards the kitchen. I immediately stopped chewing my cornflakes so I could listen all the better to that sexy sound. I felt my cock grow hard against my gym shorts from trying to picture what her legs looked like all encased in those sexy nylons and how sexy they must make my mommy feel as they brushed together with each step she took: "swish, swish, swish."

Then I heard her heels clicking on the kitchen floor tile and hot blood surged through my body. My cheeks felt on fire. My mouth got suddenly dry.

Her perfume reached me before she did. I inhaled deeply, letting myself get carried away. I imagined she was embracing me closely and we were slow dancing, holding on to each other's butts.

Her hand on my shoulder sent chills all through me. She bent down to give me a kiss on the side of my face. "Good morning, Wendell, how did you sleep?"

I swallowed hard, then answered. "Oh, I don't know mom, I guess I kind of tossed and turned." No way in hell I could tell my mother that I masturbated all night long just thinking about her. "And, you, how'd you do?"

"I kind of tossed and turned a little myself. I guess maybe we both had a little too much fun dancing last night." She gave my traps a squeeze, then swished on over to the counter top/bar. My cock quivered with each step she took from the "swish, swish, swish" of her nylons rubbing together and the click of her sexy heels on the tile. I watched her as she poured herself a cup of the coffee I had prepared.

"But it was worth it," I managed to say, giving her a smile when she turned back around.

Her cheeks turned beet red, but then her face crinkled up into that irresistible smile. "Well, thank you, Wendell." She tried to hide her nervousness by grabbing the paper off the countertop and pretending to read the headlines as she sat up on one of the bar stools right in front of my face.

Even though this was Saturday, she was dressed like she was going to work. In addition to the heels and hose she had on a silky red skirt that came down to just above her knees. On top she had on a light pink blouse. The material of the blouse was so fine and delicate I could easily see the outlines of her nice, sexy white bra underneath.

Still reading the paper she placed both her feet on the highest rung of the stool so her knees were way up and her thighs angled high. For a brief second as she positioned herself, I saw right up her dress. I saw her sexy white panties. Sure, I've seen her in her panties before, but this was just so much sexier—when you're not supposed to see it.

She crossed her legs making her skirt slide up a bit. I caught another nice glimpse of her panties before her legs closed together. You can't believe what a beautiful close-up view I got. I mean, sitting on the stool the way she was, her legs were practically right in my face. Needless to say I had forgotten all about my football magazine.

Her skirt had slid up her thighs so high by now that I could see the tops of her stockings and the garter snaps holding them up. She took a sip of her coffee, put the cup back down on the sink and holding the paper a little closer to her face she recrossed her legs flashing me another glimpse of her panties—and making her skirt inch up just a tad more. With each movement of her lush thighs, the silky smooth "swish" sound of nylons rubbing together made my poor hard-on throb all the harder.

And, oh My!, How gorgeous her long legs looked in those stockings. And, the contrast between the beige of her nylons and the creamy white of her upper thigh gave me an instant erection. Her exposed garter straps fascinated me. My eyes followed their trail from where they held her nylons to where they disappeared under her skirt. As my cock throbbed, I was seized by an urge to kiss her along her garter straps, having my tongue and lips go where her garter straps led me—into those secret mysterious places up inside her skirt.

As I stared at her gorgeous gams so close to my face I had pretty much stopped pretending to eat my cornflakes. My mouth was so dry and my heart beating so fast, the cornflakes tasted just like so much cardboard now.

Mom reach back down to the counter to lift her coffee cup up. As she took a sip, she once again uncrossed and recrossed her legs—much slower this time than before. I mean this was going on right in front of me, not a foot away. Naturally I stared up between her legs. What else was I going to do? This time I clearly saw the bulge of her mound caressed so tightly by her white panties--her beautiful white panties standing out so clearly in contrast to her red skirt. I knew I was drooling into my cornflakes, but I didn't care. I had such a raging hard-on. I wanted to BE her panties so bad so then I could cup her mound just like her panties were doing.

As she slowly closed her legs back together, she turned in the seat slightly as if to get better light on the newspaper. This move made her garter straps stretch out a little further and I thought that looked so friggin' sexy. Even if she was my mother I didn't care. She was one hell of a sexy lady.

Mom finished her coffee, then leaned back in the stool to set her cup back down on the counter top. As she did so, she uncrossed her legs slightly, lifting one up a little to give herself more balance. This opened up her thighs more than ever--right in front of me--and I got to see almost all of her crotch—her beautiful panty-covered crotch. I could even make out the darkness and the mystery of her slit behind the panties.

She caught me looking up her skirt!

Her face turned bright red. Then she grinned at me—her nose crinkling up like it does. "I don't know what I got all dressed up for. Today's Saturday isn't it?" She ran her hands down her thighs, smoothing out her dress.

"Y-y-yes, Mommy."

"And here I thought I had to go to work. Actually, I'm supposed to meet one of my colleagues for breakfast, then we're going to the mall. Maybe I'd better go change into something a little less formal." She scooted forward off the high bar stool, causing her dress to hike all the way to her waist as her feet touched the floor.

For a moment her panties were completely exposed all the way to her waist. Her crotch was not a foot away—directly in front of my face.

My blood throbbed in my blushing cheeks. My cock ached. I stared at the nice wet spot gathering where her slit was. The wetness made her panties almost transparent. Her slit clearly stood out. Actually, when she had slid off the bar stool it had caused part of her panties to indent into her slit showing me a nice camel toe. Her blond pussy hairs were starting to show through too.

The close, hot smell of her muskiness made me feel light headed.

All too soon she smoothed her dress back down, then she stepped over behind me. She bent down to give me another kiss on the side of my face. Her hands were so gentle on my arms as she touched me there. Her perfume filled me with sweetness—such a nice contrast to her muskiness I still smelled and that made my cock throb. She touched her tits lightly to my shoulders as she whispered in my ear. "Can you be a good boy today and mow the yard while Mommy's gone?" Her hot breath made me tingle all over—and made my cock twitch.

"Y-y-yeah, sure, mom."

She gave me another sweet kiss on the cheek, then turned to go. As she walked across the kitchen, heading towards the bedroom, her heels clicking on the tile, I again relished the "swish, swish, swish" sound of her nylon enshrouded legs rubbing together. And my aching cock throbbed in time to each step she took.

Somehow I managed to finish my cardboard-tasting cornflakes while mom was in her bedroom changing. Then I went into the living room to sit on the couch and finish reading the article in my football magazine.

I lowered the magazine when I heard mom come out of her bedroom. I was anxious to see what she had changed into.

She had changed her dress heels for pumps, but she still had her nylon stockings on. The silky, formal, red dress she had changed for a red latex micro mini. This skirt was so short that her garter straps were exposed almost to her butt. From the angle I had, sitting down on the couch, I could see a wisp of white panty peeking out from under her hemline as she walked. She had obviously changed her panties because there was no wet spot on these panties.

She had the same see-through blouse on—but with no bra this time. Her erect nipples poked through the flimsy material almost lewdly. She had left a few more buttons undone showing cleavage clear down to the top of her stomach. She had so many buttons undone that about the only thing holding her blouse in place was the way the thin material clung to her huge, erect nipples.

She walked towards me, hips swaying side to side, micro mini glistening and trying to hike even further up her thighs and hips with each step she took. With each step a hint of white panties winked at me. As she walked, her magnificent boobs jiggled this way and that like a couple of bowls of Jello. Her hard-on nipples danced and tugged at the flimsy material of the blouse.

She paused right in front of me. She looked down at the bulge in my gym shorts then crinkle smiled at me. "Well how do you like my outfit? I just bought this skirt last week." She did a couple of turns, moving her ass and hips so sexily as she twirled. I didn't know whether to look up her micro mini that seemed to hike up a little higher with each movement she made, or stare at the way her tits bobbed and chimmied under her skin-fitting blouse.

"M-m-m-mommy, you look so sexy in that outfit you're gonna get arrested."

"I'm glad you like it." She giggled and did a couple more turns, then bent down forward to give me a kiss on the forehead.

As her perfume enveloped me, I couldn't help but look down her almost wide open blouse. Her tits dangled so close like a pair of ripe peaches on a tree, I wanted to just reach out and touch them. No, I wanted to stick my face in there and kiss and suck them.



Her hands tenderly holding my cheeks, she kissed my forehead twice, lingering long enough to allow me plenty of time to admire her breasts dangling so close. Then, she brushed her lips down the length of my nose until they were planted on mine. This time, I didn't try to give her any tongue. I was afraid she'd pull away just like she did last night. So I just sat there frozen, and enjoyed the feel and the taste of her musky breath entering my mouth and the sweet taste of her raspberry lipstick on my lips.

We stayed like that for what seemed like an eternity, lip to lip, with our mouths slightly parted, just breathing into each other. Then her lips puckered into a motherly kiss against mine and she pulled away.

As she walked to the front door I watched her ass move under that stretched too tight of a skirt. She paused at the door and turned to smile back at me, her hips stuck out to one side so sexily. "By the way, maybe before you mow the lawn you might want to stick the wash in. I left a few things on my bed that need to be washed."

"Sure, mom."

She gave me another crinkle smile, and stepped out the door.

As soon as I heard her car leave the driveway I tossed my football magazine aside and made a dash for her bedroom. With hot, hormone engorged blood raging through my body and my temples pounding I entered her holy sanctum. There, draped over the edge of her bed was the silky red skirt she had just taken off. Just above the waist line of her skirt was the pair of white panties she had just taken off! They were spread out to look almost like they were being worn, with the crotch side up, wet spot and all. Just above her wet panties was the sexy, white bra she had just taken off. It too was spread out neatly with the cones facing upward. They way the whole ensemble was arranged from skirt, to panties, to bra, it almost looked like a real woman was laying there.

Before I knew what I was doing I was down on my knees rubbing my face against her silky skirt, imagining that she was still in it. Her perfume was still strong on the skirt and I breathed deeply, letting it fill me up and carry me away to la la land. Then I stuck my head up inside of her skirt imagining she was sitting on the bar stool, and I was licking and kissing my way up her thighs. All the while my cock throbbed and ached for release. When my head poked out through the waist of her skirt I buried my face into her panties. Her wet spot was still warm and it felt so frigin' good against my lips as I kissed and sucked the crotch of her panties wishing she was still in them. The taste of her sex on the wet spot went right to my brain. I fondled her bra cones as I sucked off her panties—and then I shot my wad into my gym shorts.

I went into the bathroom to remove my shorts and clean myself off, then right back into her room I went. I found that it gave me an extra thrill to walk into her room while bare-fucking naked. I was tempted to rub my face into her wet spot again—it looked so fucking sexy there on the bed. Just the thought of it made me start to get hard again. But first I walked into her closet to rub my body against all the sexy, silky dresses she had hanging there. I really loved the way the slinky material felt against my skin—but especially against my cock. I was fully erect once more now as my cock plowed its way through from one dress to another.

I just had to find where she kept her panties. I walked over to her dresser and opened up the top drawer. Her panties were there all right. Dozens of pairs. Whites, blues, pinks, every sexy color you could think of. But that's not all that was in her panty drawer! There were also a couple of vibrators, and some nipple teasers. With trembling hands I picked a vibrator up and turned it on. It tingled me so nice and funny. But the thought that my mommy would get herself off with these sex toys made my cock just throb with aching need. It was just bobbing up and down in its eagerness to find pussy as I thought of where my mommy would use this vibrator thing.

I tried touching it to my cock but it was too much. It almost hurt. So I turned it off and put it back. I grabbed up a handful of her panties and laid back down on the bed and rubbed her panties all over my body. I took the damp panties off the bed and drapped them over my face---wet spot right on my mouth. I fondled her bra cones again, then rubbed the other panties all over my cock and balls while pretending to munch on her wet spot.

Suddenly I got a sixth sense feeling that someone else was in the room! I pulled the wet panties off my face—and there was mom standing in the doorway with one hand on her hips.

"Well, well, well," she said, a funny smile on her face.

"Oooops. Gotta mow the lawn" I said making a dash for the door.

But she wouldn't let me by. She grabbed me by the arm. "Oh no you don't young man! You just sit right back down and tell me what you think you're doing."

With head hung low I turned back towards the bed. I didn't feel like I wanted to sit on the bed with all the tell-tale evidence of what I'd been doing scattered all over, so I sat on a small footstool right near the bed. I still had a hard on, so I tried to cover it up with my hands as I turned to face her.

"Well, now, that's better," she said, shifting her weight to put her hand on her other hip. She looked so damned sexy even when she was mad. "Now tell me what this is all about."

"I-I-I-I-I'm sorry, Mommy. I thought you were going to be gone all day."

"My girlfriend backed out of our shopping trip, so I came home. It looks like I caught you having some fun didn't I?" She had a real funny look on her face, like she was pretending to be angry, but a trace of a smile flitted across her lips. Her green eyes flashed with what looked like hunger when she looked at the erection I was trying to hide.

I felt so ashamed, I didn't know what to say. But I couldn't take my eyes off her either, the way she was standing there with one hip stuck out to the side, and her hand on it making her chest stick out. Her nipples were bigger than I've ever seen them before, they pointed at me through her skimpy blouse like accusing fingers. And I could see her panties peeking out from under that micro mini she had on.

Now she was grinning at me as she walked right up to me. She stood right in front of me, not a foot away. She was so close the smell of her latex skirt filled my nostrils, but that smell was overpowered by another---the same muskiness I smelled, and tasted, on her wet panties. Only this was much stronger and it just made my poor fucking cock throb. Sitting on that low stool like I was I could look right up her skirt—and the crotch of her panties were all sopping wet—much more so than the ones I'd just played with.

I looked up at her tits and watched them heave with each breath she took.

She grinned at me real funny, like nothing I've ever seen before, then she said, "you really like playing with my panties, now don't you?"

"Y-y-y-yes, m-m-m-mommy," I managed to mumble. I mean how could I lie about it at this point?

"Well then, why don't you play with the ones I've got on?" She ruffled my hair, then with a little giggle, she turned around and bent way over, causing her skirt to hike way up exposing her panty covered ass which was almost in my face.

I couldn't believe what she'd just said. I didn't know if that was a real invitation of if she were just making fun of me. I was embarrassed, but I also wanted to touch her real bad. I wanted to run my hands all up and down her legs. I wanted to fondle her ass wriggling like it was right in front of my face. I wanted to reach my hand between her thighs and play with her panty-covered mound. I wanted to nuzzle my face against her panty-covered ass cheeks. But, instead I just sat there like a bump on the log, staring open-mouthed.

She reached back and pulled my hands away from my erection they were trying to hide and placed them on her nylon enshrouded thighs.

Electric jolts raced all through my body when I felt the sexy slickness of her stockings. My cock jumped and bobbed as I ran my hands up and down her sleek legs relishing the sexy feel of them.

With her long blonde hair cascading down to the floor, she looked back at me from between her legs and smiled. Then she stood back up inching herself even closer to me so that my face was buried in her latex skirt. The smell of the latex was really exciting—especially since it was blended with the aroma of woman sex I instinctively knew was coming from her cunt. I ran my hands up her thighs fondling the bare flesh between the tops of her stockings and her panties.

She let out a sigh and began playing with her nipples through her flimsy blouse. I stuck my hands up her skirt to fondle her panty-covered butt cheeks while kissing the rear of her stretched tight latex skirt.

"Ummmmmmmm, yessssss! Wendell, yesssss!" She moaned, tugging on her nipples all the harder while moving her ass back and forth against my face.

I reached a hand between her thighs to cup her mound. It was so nice and hot—and oh my God, how wet it was!

She let out a gasp of air when I touched her pussy. I figured she liked it so I started rubbing her there through her panties while kissing and rubbing my face into her latex-covered ass-cheeks.

Even through her panties I could feel her pussy getting hotter and wetter with each stroke. And my poor cock just throbbed and jerked up and down so violently I thought it was going to tear itself out by the roots.

She turned around then and pulled me to my feet. She crushed me to her body in a loving embrace and began kissing the side of my face. Her tits had exploded out of her mostly unbuttoned blouse and now naked, pressed against my chest. Her erect nipples were much bigger than before and seemed to bob and dance on top of my pectorals.

My cock immediately found its way up her skirt and touched against the steamy hot wet spot on her panties. I shivered and trembled all over from the forbidden sexiness of it.

"Oh, Wendell, Wendell," she sighed, "what ever am I going to do with you."

"W-w-w-what do you mean, mommy?"

Instead of answering she just planted her mouth against mine and the next thing I knew her tongue was sliding in between my lips. And it was the sexiest thing I've ever felt in my life. I felt like someone had just poured hot honey all over me. The electric shocks went right to my already screaming cock and it quivered and shook against her wet panties.

She lowered her hands down to my butt, and as she swished her tongue around inside my mouth driving me crazy, she squeezed my ass pulling me in tighter against her as she rubber her drenched panties all over my cock. When she pulled her lips away from mine, she reached a hand up to pull my head down towards her breasts.

I knew right away what she wanted and I quickly obliged. I dove right in kissing and fondling her gorgeous tits like an animal. Unfortunately I had to bend over a little to mouth her breasts and this pulled my cock out away from her deliciously pussy wet panties. For a few seconds my hard-on bobbed and thrashed in the air as if angry over being separated from hot pussy. But it wasn't alone for long. The touch of her hands on my erection sent me to new heights of horniness. It was even hotter than her kissing me. As I sucked her big, sexy nipples into my mouth, she played with my cock and balls and I thought I was in heaven.

But I also felt like my balls were ready to explode from cum need and my cock was beyond ache. "Mommy," I said.

"Yes, dear?"

"I-I-I-I'm so horny it hurts."

"Ahhhhh, sweetie," she held my face between her hands and kissed me tenderly on the lips. "Mommy feels the same way you do. But would you like mommy to kiss it and make it better?"

"S-s-s-sure," I gulped, hardly daring to dream what she meant.

There was a small love-seat/couch against the wall right next to the bed. She scooted the stool up to the love seat and sat down on the love seat couch with her feet on either side of the stool. "Come here honey, and stand on the stool so mommy can make you feel real good."

I did as she said and my erection bobbed and shook only inches from her face. I felt her breath on my shaft and on my balls and it sent goose bumps all over my body.

She straightened her body up and with one hand fondling my ass, she held my cock in the other and lowered it down to her tits. She teased her inch-long erections against the tip of my shaft as if she were trying to fuck them into the little cum hole. Then she tilted my cock upwards and ran one of her nipples up and down along the bottom of my cock. Then she took both hands and pressed her tits inward with my dick caught in the crease between. With her hard-on nipples jabbing into my groin, and the silky softness of her breasts wrapped around my erection, she said. "Okay, Wendell, fuck me now. Fuck my tits."

I began pumping my cock up and down between her tits like she asked. With each thrust of my cock, the tip poked out through the top of her breasts and touched her waiting lips and tongue. It only took a few pumps, just a few seconds of that kind of treatment and I exploded shooting my come all over her breasts and all over her mouth. She swallowed, then licked my cum off her lips and chin, then cleaned the rest off with a Kleenex. "That was a good boy, Wendell. Now while you rest lets clean up the mess you made with all my panties and then we'll have some more fun."

After we put all of her panties and stuff away that I had been playing with she drew me into another embrace. She kissed my face tenderly and ran her hands down my back to fondle my butt. Her kisses became more urgent and she soon had her mouth planted over mine. She began French kissing me again as she played with my ass. She pressed her tits against my chest, her nipples stabbing into my upper pectorals.

I let my own hands run down her body until I was playing with her latex covered butt and sliding my hands up under that skimpy tight skirt to fondle her panty covered ass. It didn't take long before I started getting hard again, my cock rising up between her thighs. It trembled at the lush feel of the sexy soft skin between her upper thighs, then it shot straight up towards her sopping wet cunt in a sudden surge of horniness that surprised both of us.

"Ummmmmmmmm!" She exclaimed when she felt my erection slam into her wet panty-covered pussy.

"I guess we'd better take the rest of my clothes off, Wendell. Do you want to start with my blouse?"

"S-s-s-s-sure, mommy." With trembling fingers I began to undo the remaining buttons as my cock quivered and probed, trying to work its way through her sopping wet panties to the steamy treasure beyond.

Mommy tossled my hair as I undid her buttons. Then, smiling at me, she turned around so I could slide the blouse off her arms. She pressed her latex-covered ass up against my cock and played with her nipples as I removed her blouse. Free of her blouse she turned back around to give me another French kiss and rub her nipples across my chest. "And now for my panties." She made me kneel down before her.

"Y-y-y-yes, mommy." I pressed my face into her latex covered crotch as I ran my hands up and down her sexy, nylon enshrouded legs. I slipped my hands up under her skirt to fondle her ass while inhaling the sexy latex smell of her skirt mixed with the hot, steamy sex smell of her cunt. Out of the corner of my eye I watched her play with her nipples, pushing them this way and that and tugging on them between her thumbs and forefingers.

I pulled her panties slowly down her legs until she could step out of them, placing her hand on my head for balance. By the time I had her panties off, my head was down near her knees, so I looked back up between her legs to admire her sexy cunt framed by her ass, blonde pussy hairs, her thighs, and the whole sexy landscape framed by that latex skirt. Her pussy lips looked all red and swollen and her clit was poking out of its hood and pressing against her latex skirt.

"Okay, honey," she said as she sat back down on the side of the bed. "Come and stand here on the stool again so mommy can see how nice and hard your cock has gotten again."

I did as she said, my cock throbbing and bouncing right in front of her face. She looked so incredibly sexy the way she was sitting there on the bed. Her nipples all red and throbbing, and looking like they were ready to erupt from her tits. Her skimpy skirt was hiked to her hips and she had her legs parted so I could stand in between them. With her skirt hiked up like that and her legs parted her pussy stood out fully exposed from the bottom of her slit to the tip of her clit.

She began to gently fondle my ass while I stared at her pussy. Then, with one hand cupping my balls she kissed the tip of my cock sending electric thrills all through my body. The next thing I knew she was sucking me into her mouth! Oh, my God! Did that ever feel good! She sucked me all the way in until her nose was buried in my pubic hairs. She held me there for a moment, then she slowly pulled her head back, sucking so hard her cheeks caved in on the sides and I thought my balls were being vacuumed right down her throat. Then her lips were on the tip of my cock, and she took a deep breath through her nostrils and repeated the process. She continued to play with my balls and ass while sucking me back and forth, up and down.

Since I had already come twice in the last hour, I was not in any danger of premature ejaculation, so I just relaxed and enjoyed what she was doing to me.

"Oh, mommy, this feels so good!"

After sucking on me, and playing with me like that for a few moments, she stopped, and let go of my dick. She looked up at me. "Would you like to make mommy feel real good now?"

"S-s-s-sure, mommy, w-w-w-what do you want me to do?"

"I would like you to do this to me." She pressed my hard-on up against my stomach, then she ran her tongue up and down the length of it along the sensitive underside. Then she swished her hot tongue back and forth from the bottom of my shaft to the top, licking it side to side as she worked her way up.

And I thought I was going crazy it felt so fucking good.

Then she began flicking her tongue at the tip of my cock teasing the fucking hell out of it.

"Would you like to do that for mommy now, sweety?"

"S-s-sure!"

"Then why don't you just push that stool out of the way, and kneel down on this pillow." She reached over to her bed to grab a couple of pillows. She tossed one on the floor between her feet, and propped the other one under her back.

I was on my knees in an instant—right where I'd fantasized being for so many years, right between her legs. I looked up between her thighs at her glorious pussy. For a moment I thought how strange this situation was. That was the very hole I came out of 18 years ago, now here I am trying to find my way back in.

But I didn't think that thought too long. My cock was throbbing too much at the sight of her. Those beautiful, puffy, swollen red lips that looked so hungry. The opening between, all pink and gushing wet with her sex juices. The folds of tissue on top of her cunt with that big, horny clit of hers poking out—just like my cock, looking for action.

Trembling all over, I started out by kissing the insides of her thighs to gain my nerve. The sexy, smooth warmth of her inner thigh flesh was reassuring to me—as it was arousing. I heard her sigh, and glanced up to see her playing with her tits again and licking her lips.

"Yesssss, Wendell, yesssss, you are sooo good to mommy."

I kissed my way up her thighs until I found myself licking the lips of her hot pussy, just as she had licked my cock.

She scooted her ass to the edge of the love seat to make her pussy easier to get to. She placed her feet on my back and began rubbing them back and forth while I licked her.


"Ummmmmmm, yesssssss!" she moaned.

I worked my tongue all over her slit, just like she'd instructed me. And I found that it turned me on more than anything else I'd ever done in my life. Especially when she began to moan and rock her hips in time to my licking.

This made me feel bolder and more adventuresome so I worked my tongue in between her lips into her slit as if I were trying to French kiss her cunt. To work my tongue further inside of her I pressed my nose against her clit, then tried to curl my tongue back up to where I thought her G-spot might me. And she went crazy.

"Unnnnnnnghghgghgmmmyeesssssss. Oh, God, yes, Wendell, Ohhhhhhhhhnnggg." She moaned as she was really moving her hips now trying to fuck my nose with her clit and all the time tugging on her nipples like she was trying to tear them out.

How many men, I briefly thought, get to make love to the very orifice that they came out of? All the pain and trouble she suffered to bear me and birth me, I was now repaying with pleasure. And, that thought made me soar. I was a bird, a plane, at once flying high above, looking down at the scene, and at the same time I was a pussy eating maniac slurping away at her love hole.

Her sexy warm thighs clamped down hard against the sides of my flushed face, holding me to her. My whole world, my whole universe became her cunt and those sexy warm thighs clamped against my cheeks. I was an infant again and at the same time a god. This was the beginning and the end of all things. The whole universe was between her thighs in her cunt and my cock throbbed and ached to get inside there.

I was so engrossed in her pussy and in trying to give her pleasure I was only vaguely aware of her feet slapping spastically on my back as she went into her orgasm. The slapping of her feet on my back caused her thigh muscles to ripple against my cheeks, and that felt oh, so sexy.

I felt her hot sex juices gushing all over my face which only made me work my tongue all the harder. The hot, steamy, smell of her pussy was so sexy I felt like I was on a drug of some kind. Her cunt smell and the smell of her latex skirt so close to my nose made me want to just mash my face even more into her cunt. I tongued her clit like she told me to, and this made her start flopping and thrashing on the couch, so I grabbed hold of her ass and mashed my face into her cunt and started sucking on her clit as hard as I could until she came.

"Ngnghnghngh!" She grunted.

When she finished coming, she pulled me up on to her lap and kissed me all over, licking her sex juices off of my face. While she kissed me and licked my face, I played with her tits, and she played with my cock

"I want you to fuck me now, Wendell," she said after a few moments of making out and playing with each other.

I stood between her legs as she scooted her ass as close to the edge of the love seat as she could. Then she guided me into her, and OMG how good that felt! So hot and so wet it was I felt like someone had poured hot honey all over me. I began pumping my cock in and out like a pro. She wrapped her thighs around my waist and rested her feet on my ass. The feel of her nylon-encased feet on my butt cheeks was so, so, sexy. It made me fuck her all the harder. With my hands planted on either side of her, I was kind of leaning into her at an angle as I fucked her.

With each thrust of my cock, her whole body moved and heaved. And, her tits, so close to my face jiggled all over. Her nipples, so erect, so red, and so sexy, I just could not resist. I bent my face forward just a bit and took one between my lips so I could suck her while fucking her.

"Yessssssss, baby, yessssss!" While I fucked my cock into her pussy and sucked her tits, she reached a hand down to play with her clit.

"Nggggggghhhhhhh" she moaned.

She began quivering all over and I knew she was about to cum, so I pumped her harder and faster until I came with her.

"Ummmmmmm, such a sweet boy," she hugged me and kissed me all over my face. "you fucked me so good."

She had me sit on the love seat next to her and we just made out for awhile. Then she sat on my lap, facing me and straddling my legs with hers. She fed me her tits and I gladly sucked and fondled them. "Play with my pussy too," she whispered into my ear.

So I reached a hand down under between her thighs to rub her pussy while sucking her tits.

"Ummmmmmmmyesssssss, sweetie, you make mommy feel soooo good."

Sucking on her tits and playing with her hot wet cunt like that made me start to get hard again---especially as I felt her getting more turned on. As she started moving her hips around to rub her cunt on my hand better, my cock suddenly shot up and slammed against her ass cheeks.

"Ahhhhhhh," she breathed into my ear. "That's what I've been waiting for. You sure are nice and eager, and you make mommy so hot when your cock rises up like that. Now mommy's going to fuck you like you fucked me."

She rose up a bit to pull my cock up to her pussy, then inserted it between her horny, swollen-red lips. She paused there a second, relishing the feel, then she slowly lowered herself down my shaft. And OMG that felt so fucking good. She repositioned her feet so she could bounce up and down on my lap while fucking herself with my cock.

I grabbed her by the buttocks and got into her rhythm, helping her fuck up and down on me. She leaned forward so I could suck her tits while we fucked, then she started working her crotch around in circles twisting my cock this way and that and I thought I'd go crazy it felt so fucking good. Having both just come, we fucked that way for a good half an hour before coming again.

After that she made me lay down on the bed and she taught me how to 69 each other at the same time. Several hours later after wall-to-wall sex we both realized we were hungry. It was past six in the evening so we stopped to make dinner. Then we had more sex well into the night. 






Mommy's Panty Boy Ch. 02
byslitlicker69©

Ever since mommy and I broke the ice that first day, we couldn't keep our hands off of each other. Everyday I rushed home right after school to do a few chores for mommy so she wouldn't have things to worry about. I always met her at the front door with hugs and kisses. Sometimes I'd be dressed, sometimes not. Mommy always wore such nice sexy clothes, I really loved hugging her when I was naked. I always got so nice and hard from that. Mommy really loved that too because it always made her excited when she could feel my cock growing hard against her. Our hugs and kisses at the front door always turned into heavy make out sessions. I really loved running my hands all up and down mommy's body feeling her sexy clothing and the sexy curves underneath. Mommy loved fondling my bare butt and playing with my erection and my balls. Then we'd go into her bedroom and have sex for an hour or so before taking a break for dinner.

After I finished my homework we'd have sex again until bedtime. I started sleeping with mommy and we'd spend the night wrapped up in each other's arms. Sometimes mommy would dress me up in her sexy clothing, her panties, nylons, bra and sexy dresses. I really loved that more than anything else because it made me feel so sexy, just like her. We'd sit on her love seat, both dressed so sexy like that and just make out and fondle each other for hours.

After about a week or so of love making, mommy said that she wanted to bring another woman into the equation because she didn't want me to become too addicted to mommy-love exclusively and thought it would be healthy for me to experience another woman.

Mommy had a friend at work named Alisa who she thought would work out just fine. So, I'll sign off here and let Alisa tell her story of how it all happened:

Janet (Wendell's mom) and I work in one of those large offices with lots of cubicles. We share our cubicle with a couple of computers, filing cabinets, and stacks of paper. I am just 21 and a new hire so Janet has kind of taken me under her wing to help me get into the swing of things as far as work goes. Needless to say, I admired Janet from day one. She always looked so beautiful and dressed so sharp. Occasionally our conversation would drift to sex (I mean who doesn't talk about sex), and I admitted to her that I was bisexual. I just loved the way her eyebrows raised and her cheeks blushed when I said that.

That was a couple of weeks ago. Since then it seems that she has gotten more friendly with me every day. We always eat lunch together. And, during lunch hour our talk ALWAYS drifted to sex. Usually we talked in academic terms about such topics as men in general, their equipment, incest, lesbianism, cross-dressing, and all that, but she never ever came out and told me exactly what it was that she was into. She made vague references to her ex, so I figured she was divorced or something. At any rate, I certainly appreciated the increased interest she was showing in me and I found myself thinking of her when I masturbated at night, and thinking of her when I got dressed for work in the morning. I started wearing stockings, shorter skirts, and more revealing blouses.

One day, last Friday, I got real bold. I wore a short silky white slip dress. Actually, it was one of those things some women are now wearing that are meant to look like lingerie but is really a formal dress. In my view it really was more of a slip than a dress—but that was all right with me. It was legal (just barely), and it was very, very sexy. Being nearly flat like I am I decided to go braless letting the silky material of the dress tease my nipples. The slip dress came down barely to the top of my thighs and showed off my garter straps and the tops of my nylons. I wore white pumps to match the dress.

After putting on my make-up I looked at myself in the mirror, and posed a little, imagining how I'd look to Janet. I've never considered myself to be a raving beauty. I'm about five eight, brunette. I've got decently athletic legs, and a nice round butt, but my chest is flat. I kind of like being flat chested though because my puffy nipples stick out more. When I masturbate I love just rolling my nipples around and around on my flat chest like a couple of marbles on a plate. That feels so-o-o-o good. Sometimes I can cum from just doing that without even touching my pussy.

Just thinking about that made my nipples tingle. In the mirror's reflection I could see them growing, tenting the lingerie-like material of my dress.

Needless to say, when I arrived at work every male eye popped out of its socket. But male attention wasn't what I had in mind right then. I turned the corner to enter our cubicle and was glad to see that Janet was already there going through some papers.

"Morning Janet," I said as I entered our cubicle.

"And good morning to you too, Alisa." Janet looked up from her paper work and her mouth dropped open when she saw what I was wearing.

I made the most of it, thoroughly enjoying the look she was giving me as I strutted over to my own desk right next to hers. I rubbed my legs together as I walked so she could hear my stockings go "swish, swish, swish."

When I reached my desk, I bent over--with my ass facing Janet--to set my purse on the floor beside my chair. As I bent over, my dress slid up exposing most of my panty covered butt to Janet's eyes.

As I stood back up Janet was running a hand through her hair and licking her lips. "My, that's a daring outfit you have on today," she said.

I giggled. "You should have seen the looks on the faces of all the guys out front when I came in."

"I don't blame them. I think it's really gorgeous and sexy." She gave me one of her sexy smiles where one side of her nose kind of crinkles.

"I'm glad you like it," I said, giggling and doing a quick turn to show it off for her, then I sat down at my desk. "Oh, my god, look at all this crap on my desk. Guess I'll have to do some work today." I threw a smile back over to Janet who was beginning to return her attention to her paper work.

As I turned to my own paper work, I noticed out of the corner of my eye that Janet was wearing a pretty sexy outfit herself. She had on a one piece silky black dress that came down to just below her knees, but was split up both sides almost to her hips. She had a few buttons undone down the front to show some of her ample cleavage. She also had on a pair of black pumps and beige stockings. She had her legs crossed so the slit on the side opened enough for me to see her gorgeous leg all the way to her garter straps.

Throughout the day I couldn't help but to steel glances her way when ever I thought it wouldn't be noticed too much. Halfway through the morning, she got up to go to the restroom, and I watched her every move the same way she had watched me when I entered.

When she returned, I was ready. As soon as I heard her re-enter the room I turned around in my swivel chair to stare at her just like she had done me earlier. "You know, you've got on a real sexy outfit too," I said. "Such a beautiful silky dress, it almost sparkles when you walk."

"Why, thank, you," she said, giving me one of her crinkle smiles. "I'm glad you like it."

"It looks so nice and silky, I'd really love to touch it." I crossed my legs flashing her a bit of panty. I loved the way her eyes darted down to my crotch.

"Sure." She licked her lips and gave me another crinkle smile as she stepped up close to me.

I took the hem of her skirt in both my hands caressing the material between by thumbs and fingers—with my fingers on the inside of the hem. "Ummm, this feels so nice and sexy," I said. With one hand holding the hem down, I ran my other hand up and down the slit on the side letting my fingers lightly grace her legs. "And, I just love the way it's slit up the side like this. It's just so very, very sexy. I'll have to get one for myself."

"Then you'll put me to shame," she teased.

"No way!" I giggled and gave her a playful slap on the butt. "You're body is awesome—especially in this outfit."

Her face turned red as she sat down in her chair. Then her face crinkled up into that irresistible smile again. "You're too kind with the compliments." Then she turned back to her paper work—as I also did.

Towards the end of the morning I got up to file away some of the papers and I was pleased to notice that Janet watched me as I got up out of my chair. When I had swiveled around in my chair I had my legs crossed and when I uncrossed them to get up I made sure Janet got a good shot of my panties. As I walked over to the filing cabinet Janet made no secret of the fact that she was looking at me. In fact she swiveled around in her chair to make it even more obvious that she was staring straight at me.

And OMG, how sexy she looked! She had let her dress slide up a little more than normal, and with her legs crossed like they were, the slit on that side was flopped open all the way so her entire leg showed all the way up to her hips.

Knowing she was looking at me like that, I decided to make the most of it. Instead of putting the papers in the top drawer where they should have gone, I decided to put them in the bottom drawer. Keeping my legs straight, and with my butt facing Janet, I bent all the way over making sure my ass popped out of my short skirt. I took my time placing the papers in the drawer, shifting my weight side to side a couple of times. It made me get wet doing that knowing that Janet was watching.

When I was done, I stood back up and smiled at Janet as I walked back towards my chair while rubbing my legs together making sure that my nylons went "swish! Swish! Swish!"

"I just can't get over how sexy your outfit is," Janet said, recrossing her legs and flashing me a bit of her own panties before swiveling her legs back under her desk. "I don't know how they ever let you in here without arresting you, but I'm sure glad they did." She giggled, and started to reach for another stack of papers.

On an impulse I walked up behind her, and placing my hands on her shoulders I said," why thank you Janet, that is so sweet of you." I gave her a quick kiss on the side of the face then went to sit down.

Her face turned bright red again, but that didn't stop her from watching me as I sat down.

I sat down on my swivel chair with my legs facing her, then I crossed my legs real slow making sure she saw lots of panty. I enjoyed the way her face seemed to turn different shades of red, then I gave her a smile and turned back under my own desk to do a little more work.

About noon time, Janet got up out of her chair and came up and stood directly behind me. I loved the way her perfume enveloped me and blended with mine. She pressed her body up against the back of my chair and I swear I could feel the heat of her cunt going right through my chair and through me. But of course, that may have been just my wishful thinking. But there was nothing imaginary about her fingers running through my hair.

"I just love how silky your hair is," she cooed. "It feels so nice and soft on my fingers."

"Why thank you. It feels good what you're doing." I let out a sigh. Then I pressed my head back against her stomach.

Her hands left my hair, briefly caressing my face as she lowered them to my shoulders. Then she gave my neck and trapezeus muscles a gentle massage. "What say you and I take off and get a little lunch?"

"Sure," I agreed while regretting the termination of her little venture in intimacy.

We found a table in the corner of the lunch room where we could sit by ourselves. We sat across from each other and looked into each other's eyes as we ate. I enjoyed watching the way her beautiful face moved as she chewed her food. Every now and then she flashed me one of her crinkle smiles, and my heart ached—not to mention my pussy.

"So, tell me Alisa," she asked after wiping some mustard off her lips, "how did you ever get started with girls?"

I told her how me and a neighbor girl once started making out with each other just to see what it was like, and how that progressed into fondling each other, and then lots more.

When I got to the part about my first kiss with the neighbor girl, Janet's eye brows lifted and her face turned red like it does sometimes. I watched her mouth open so sensuously.

"Ummmm," she said, and licked her lips.

Figuring she was getting turned on, I drug the story out a bit, filling in all the details. When I got to the part about us starting to fondle each other, I heard a soft "clunk" sound as her shoe slipped off her foot and hit the floor. Suddenly I felt her nylon enshrouded foot touching against my calve. And it was my turn to get the red face. My mouth suddenly got dry. A copper taste filled my mouth. I smiled weakly at her, then licked my lips and continued my story.

She gave me another crinkle smile, and as I told her about my first taste of pussy she began rubbing her foot up and down my calve.

By the time we started walking back to the office, my pussy was so wet, and my knees were trembling so bad I could hardly walk. "If you'll excuse me for a moment, Janet, but I have to step into the restroom for a moment. I'll see you back at the office."

"Okay." She crinkle smiled at me.

In the restroom I closed myself in one of the stalls and quickly pulled my sopping panties down. I wanted to play with my aching pussy so bad, but I knew that once I started, I'd be there all today. Instead I took some toilet paper and tried to sop up some of the dampness so I wouldn't smell so rank when I got back to the office.

Stepping out of the stall I examined myself in the mirror to make sure everything was in order, then returned to our cubicle. Janet was sitting at her chair but she wasn't working. Instead she was reclining back in her swivel chair reading a little pocket book. From that distance I couldn't read the title of it, but I could tell by the size and shape of the book that it was one of those sleezy little porn story books they sell at adult bookstores.

But it wasn't the book that attracted my attention. It was Janet. As I entered the cubicle her magnificent legs were pointed right at me. Her silky dress was pulled up, and she had her legs crossed one over the other with the slit of her skirt open so far I could see all the way up to her panty-covered hip. And, the way she was leaning back in her chair made her look all the more sexy with her thighs and knees pointed upwards.

And all of a sudden my futile attempts in the restroom to dry my pussy were flooded away in a gush of hot girl goo steaming my horny cunt.

As I walked towards her on trembling legs, she looked up from her booklet and gave me a hot smile. As her beautiful (green/blue) eyes went back to her book, she uncrossed and recrossed her legs flashing me a lot of panty-covered crotch.

Drawing close to her I was able to read to title of her booklet and it sent jolts of electricity all through me. "Fam-fun" it said on the front cover. Then in smaller print it said "real live incest stories." I was also close enough to her to recognize that mine wasn't the only pussy in the room that was steaming wet. The musky heat coming up from between her legs blended with her perfume and enveloped me.

Standing beside the arm of her chair I inhaled deeply letting her sexiness send me to la-la land. I saw her own nose dilate but I no longer cared how strong my hot, wet pussy smelled. My crotch was only half a foot or so from her face and watching her bosom heave as she inhaled deeply only made me all the hotter and all the wetter.

I put my hand on her opposite shoulder and bent over pretending to look at the book closer—and this move caused my crotch to press against her closest shoulder. "What're you reading there Janet?"

"Oh," she giggled. "Just a little story about a mother and her son getting it on."

"Sounds hot," I said, moving around to my own chair. I was careful to flash her a real good shot of my sopping wet panties as I sat down and crossed my legs. "Will you let me read it when you're done?"

"I'll do better than that," she said, closing the book and dropping it back into her purse. She swung her legs back under her desk and looked me straight in the eye. "Why don't you come over to my place tomorrow and we can read some of these stories together?"

"S-s-s-sure, I'd love to."

She wrote out her address on a piece of paper, sketched out a small map, and handed it to me. "See you just after dinner tomorrow then?"

"I'll be there."

"Great. We'll have a blast. But now, I guess we'd better get some work done just in case the boss decides to pop in on us." She returned her attention to the pile of papers on her desk.

It was difficult concentrating on work and trying to make it through the day after all that had passed between Janet and I that day, but somehow I managed. At the end of the day we walked out to the parking lot together. When we reached my car she slipped an arm around me and gave me a sweet kiss on the side of the face. "Don't forget tomorrow evening now."

I slipped my arm around her to give her rear a little pat. "Don't you worry. I wouldn't miss that for anything." I returned her kiss, then we parted. "Bye, bye now," I said as she walked over to her car.

Needless to say, the first thing I did when I got home was masturbate thinking of how sexy Janet was, and of everything that had transpired that day—and fantasizing about what I hoped might happen tomorrow.

The next day I was a bundle of nerves as I did chores around the house. I ate dinner fairly early, then spent some time deciding what I should wear to go over to Janet's house. It had to be something sexy, but how could I beat what I wore yesterday? On a whim I finally decided to go with the "little girl" look. First I shaved my pussy, then I put my long brown hair up into double pigtails, and slipped on a paper-thin white T-shirt. A pair of white panties and a skimpy tennis skirt with white pumps completed my ensemble. At the last minute I decided to be really daring and take my panties off. After all, what did I shave my pussy for?

Nervous as a cat I pulled into Janet's driveway at 7:30 p.m. As I rang her doorbell I wondered what she would be wearing.

"Well, hello Alisa," she said when she opened the door. She had on a one piece blue satin dress that came almost down to mid-thigh. It was unbuttoned enough down the front that I could see ample cleavage—especially since she was wearing no bra. The satin material clung to her curves so deliciously the shape of her peach-like breasts stood out prominently. Her erect nipples poked at me most lewdly. With heels and hose she looked so formal and dressed up I suddenly felt out of place with my outfit.

"Hello," I held out my hand while eyeing her dress up and down. "M-m-maybe I should have dressed a little more formally too."

"Nonsense. You look so cute in that tennis outfit," she said taking my hand and drawing me into an embrace. "I was wondering if you could wear anything that'd be sexier than what you wore yesterday, but this is awesome, I really love those pigtails." She gave me a peck on the cheek and fondled my hair.

"Come on in and have a seat." She took me by the hand and led me into the living room.

We sat down side by side on the couch. On the lamp stand next to Janet was her little incest booklet. She saw me glancing at it.

"Ahh, before we read any sexy stories, why don't you do a little modeling, show off that cute little outfit you're wearing?"

"Sure," I said, "if you'll return the favor?"

"It's a deal." She shook my hand and gave me one of her crinkle smiles.

I briefly put my hand on her thigh as I boosted myself back up out of the couch. I stood in front of her and did a slow 360% turn so she could see me from all angles. "There's really not much to my outfit, as you can see." I grinned at her.




She scooted up to the edge of the couch with her thighs on either side of me. This action hiked her dress up to her hips and showed me some white panty. She caught me looking between her legs at her crotch and crinkle-smiled at me again. She began playing with the hem of my skirt. "Such a cute little skirt. I really love it."

The touch of her finger tips on my thighs and ass as she handled my hem sent goose bumps up and down my body. And the touch of her thighs against my legs made my pussy dribble.

"This skirt is so short," she said, "I bet it really looks sexy when you bend over."

"Yeah, probably," I said, giggling, and playing with my pigtails.

"Show me!" She looked me in the eye and gave me another crinkle smile.

I turned around slowly, making sure my legs rubbed against her inner thighs while positioning myself as close to the couch as I could so that my legs were rubbing against her upper thighs. Then with my butt facing her I moved my hips back and forth, enjoying the pressure of my legs against her inner thighs, and slowly bent forward.

When she placed her hands on the outsides of my upper thighs another gush of wetness went to my pussy. By the time I was completely bent over, my skimpy little skirt had slid up exposing most of my bare ass and I knew that Janet could see how sopping wet my pussy was getting.

"Ohhh, my, my, how sexy you look in that little skirt, Alisa," she said moving her hands around to fondle the bottom of my butt cheeks. "It really shows off your ass-sets." She giggled.

I looked back at her from between my legs and smiled.

"And, I really love the way your skimpy little T-shirt clings to your nipples." She move her hands up under my skirt, around my hips sliding them up my body until she was rubbing my nipples through my T-shirt. At the same time she rubbed her own satin-encased nipples against my butt cheeks making my horny cunt gurgle with wetness.

"And somebody's not wearing any panties, you naughty little girl." She backed away giving my butt a quick slap.

I stood back up giggling, then grabbed her by the hands pulling her up out of her seat. "And now it's your turn, Janet."

I gave her a quick peck on the cheek and sat down. I scooted up to the edge of the sofa like Janet had done so I could press my inner thighs against her legs while she modeled for me.

She stood facing me swaying her body side to side. The way her firm, bra-less tits jiggled under her satin dress drove me wild. She smiled down at me as she ran her hands through her long blonde hair, then began running her hands up and down her gorgeous body. She let her tongue slip out from between her lips when she started fondling her tits in front of me.

I fondled the hem of her dress, then ran my hands up and down along her upper thighs and hips. "I just love this beautiful dress. This material is so smooth and sexy."

"Yes," she said. "It feels good and sexy on my body too—but especially when you run your hands up and down like that."

As soon as she turned around to wriggle her butt in my face my hands were on her ass, fondling her cheeks through her dress. "Yes, so very, very sexy," I said. Then I began running my hands up and down her thighs. "And so are your stockings."

Janet giggled, and started bending over. "My skirt's not as short as yours, but let's see what happens when I bend over."

"I'm sure that what ever happens will be fine with me." I blew a sudden gust of hot hair onto her ass making her skirt ruffle.

"Such sexy, sexy legs," I said running my hands up and down one leg, then switching to the other. With my pussy throbbing, I watched her skirt slide up the backs of her upper thighs and then the bottom of her rump. As soon as she had bent over as far as she could go I touched both cheeks of her panty-covered ass. "About here. This is where your hemline is."

She was still swaying her ass back and forth while all bent over, so I fondled the bottom of her cheeks where they were exposed. "Sexy, sexy panties too." I blew another burst of hot air on to her ass then ran my hands up under the hem of her skirt. "Such a sexy, sexy ass."

Janet stood back up and turned to face me. "You're making me too damn horny doing that, you naughty little girl you." She giggled as she climbed onto my lap and touched her index finger to my nose. Then she kissed me on the forehead.

Feeling the weight, and heat of her body against mine like that just about drove my pussy crazy. "Making ourselves all horny is the main idea, isn't it?" I giggled, giving her butt another squeeze.

"Maybe we'd better read some stories," she said as she rolled off my lap to resume her seat right next to me. Then she reached over to grab her little booklet.

"Yes, I'd love that," I said, putting my hand on her thigh. "You've got something real hot and sexy there in that incest book you'd like to read to me?"

"How about a mother-daughter story?" Janet thumbed through the book to a page that she had dog eared.

"Ummmmmmm," I said, letting my hand slide around off the top of her thighs so I could feel her inner thigh right where the top of her stockings gave way to her creamy warm flesh. "Mother-daughter sex. Now you're really making my pussy cream. Please read it to me in that sexy voice of yours."

Holding the booklet in her left hand, Janet put her right arm around me. "Maybe I can do better than that. Why don't I just show you?"

"S-s-s-show me?" My heart thudded in my ears at the thought of what she was implying.

She turned towards me and whispered into my ear. "Yeah, we could do a little role-playing if you want. I could be your mommy and you could be my little girl? We could have lots of fun." The hot, damp, sexiness of her breath against my face and neck sent goose bumps all over my body.

"Y-y-y-yes. It does sound like fun," I managed. My heart was suddenly in my throat and I felt my mouth getting dry.

Janet sat her booklet down on the light stand then turned back towards me. "You've certainly dressed for the part in this cute little outfit you're wearing and putting your hair into pigtails like this." Again, her sexy voice and breath just scalded the side of my face and steamed my pussy. She fondled my pigtails with her right hand, while her left played with the hem of my tennis skirt.

"Oh, m-m-m-mommy," I said leaning my head against her shoulder and sliding my hand a little bit further up her thigh, "all of this talk about sex has made me so horny I don't know what to do."

"That's all right sweetie," she said hugging me closer with her right arm, while her left caressed the side of my face. "Mommy'll show you."

She turned my face up to hers, smiling into my eyes. She kissed me on the tip of my nose very lightly, and very sweetly, then she just touched her lips to mine leaving them there not kissing or anything—just gently touching. As she breathed, her breathe tingled my lips. I timed my inhaling to match her exhales so I could drink in every atom of her soul.

But when her lips smiled against mine, my heart did flip flops as her smile went all through my body. At the same time her hand on my shoulder slid down to toy with my throbbing nipple. With my pussy now really gushing I twisted in my seat to face her more directly. I pulled my left hand from her thigh to cup her breast while my right hand now worked its way up her inner thigh.

Her lips pursed into a kiss sending new jolts of pleasure through my body. Then her tongue began dancing against my lips making me tingle. I parted my lips to let her in as my right hand found its way up under her dress to caress her panties.

She fucked her hot tongue in and out of my mouth as I rubbed her panty-covered cunt. Then she pulled away from our kiss to smile into my face.

"Oh, Mommy!" I said, still rubbing her pussy. "You're panties feel so wet."

"That's because you're making mommy feel so good, you naughty little girl you." She put both arms around my hips and pulled me up on to her lap.

I sat facing her, my knees straddling her thighs. "Oh mommy," I said as I mashed my face against hers. Both of my hands flew to her breasts to play with her nipples through the satin material. This time it was my tongue that took the offensive. Fondling her tits and twirling her nipples with my thumbs I fucked my tongue in and out of her mouth.

The sound of her moaning muffled against my own mouth made me tingle down to the tips of my toes. She fondled my ass under my skirt as we made out.

When I pulled back for air, she pushed me away just a bit so I was sitting straight up. "Oh how hot you are making your Mommy!" She said. "Maybe Mommy better show her little girl how hot she is making her." With that she slid one of her ass-fondling hands around to the front. Looking me straight in the eyes she began rubbing my naked, sopping wet pussy.

"Oh, Mommy," I moaned. As she played with my throbbing pussy I began involuntarily moving my hips back and forth as if trying to fuck her hand.

To add to my torment, she began kissing and licking the bottom of my chin as she rubbed my cunt. Then she worked her way down my neck. Soon her hot mouth was sucking my aching nipples through my T-shirt.

Then she pulled back and smiled up at me. "It looks like mommy's little girl is starting to grow some breasts, Let's take a look." She began pulling my T-shirt up. "Come on sweetie, show mommy what you've been hiding under there."

She tossed my shirt aside and then began teasing my throbbing erect nipples with her fingers, flicking them this way and that. "Oh, such cute little rose buds you have here, sweetie," she giggled.

Then she began alternately flicking my nips with her tongue, and sucking them deep into her mouth while her hands went back to work up under my skirt fondling my ass and cunt.

I was too horny and worked up to notice the presence of another person in the room, but suddenly Janet stopped doing me, and pulled back looking over my shoulder.

When I turned around to see what she was looking at I almost crapped in my pants, except I had no pants to crap in. There was a gorgeous looking boy standing there watching us in nothing but underwear—except he was wearing panties instead of jockey shorts. The facial resemblance to Janet was way too close to not guess who this was.

Feeling deeply embarrassed, I rolled off of Janet's lap, trying to smooth my skimpy skirt down as I did so.

And so, there I was sitting on the couch half-naked in front of this young boy---and his mother's lipstick marks all over my breasts!

Then I noticed the enormous bulge in the panties he was wearing and my heart leaped up my throat.

"Why, Wendell," Janet said with a touch of sarcasm in her voice, "what on earth are you doing here. Can't you see I have company?"

"I-I-I-I'm sorry mommy. I was in my room and I heard you guys having fun and I just couldn't contain myself."

"Well," Janet giggled. "It looks like your panties couldn't contain yourself either. Come here and let mommy take a look."

"Yes, ma'am."

I couldn't take my eyes off his crotch as his swollen cock bounced under his underwear with each step he took. He came to stand right before his mother—hints of pre-come beginning to dampen his panties. But what Janet did next made my temples throb so much I thought they'd explode.

"You see?" Janet said, "my son really loves my panties, so I let him wear them all the time. Then she stuck one hand between her son's legs to fondle his balls and scrotum. With her other hand she fondled his erection through his underwear. "My, my, my," Janet said with that teasing touch of sarcasm in her voice, "what a naughty little boy you are getting yourself all hard like this. What's a mother to do?"

"Ummmmommmy, that feels good!" Wendell said.

"Well, don't just stand there," Janet said, "come give mommy a kiss."

As my initial shock and embarrassment gave way to pure lust and excitement I watched as Wendell crawled up on his mom's lap to give her a kiss—and what a kiss it turned out to be.

As Wendell climbed up on Janet's lap his hands went immediately to his mommy's magnificent boobs and began fondling. Janet moved her hands around to her son's ass and pulled him close so his bulging panties pressed into her stomach.

I watched fascinated as their tongues wrestled with each other, and their hands greedily fondled each other. I could hardly believe it. This was my friend Janet making out with her own son! My temples throbbed, my throat got dry, and my pussy just gushed.

When they broke off the kiss Janet said, "Wendell, I'd like you to meet your new sister. This is Alisa, and she has agreed to be my daughter, haven't you dear?"

"Y-y-y-yes, mommy," I barely got the words out of my suddenly dry mouth.

"Wendell," Janet said, "why don't you give your new sister a big welcoming kiss." With this Janet virtually pushed him off on to my lap. We both sat there for a moment not knowing what to do—him sitting on my lap and me looking up into his face. I was too horny, too nervous, and in too much of a state of shock by all of this to do anything.

So, Janet took over. She put one arm around my shoulders until it reached my tit, and the other hand up in front of me, she began playing with my throbbing nipples. Then she looked her son directly in the eyes. "Don't you think your sister has the cutest, sexiest nipples you've ever seen?"

"Y-y-y-yes, mommy."

"Then why don't you go ahead and play with them?" Janet grabbed her son's hands and placed them on my breasts. And to my delight he immediately began rolling my hard-on marble-like nipples around and around under his palms.

"And, Daughter dear," Janet whispered into my ear almost licking the side of my face, "why don't you see how hard your brother's cock is?" With that she grabbed one of my hands and placed it over the throbbing bulge in his mommy's panties.

The touch and heat of his hard cock on my hand sent electric shock waves through my body as Janet made me rub her son up and down. My other hand needed no coaxing as it found its way between his legs to fondle his balls and scrotum just like his mom had done.

"There, there," Janet said. "That's more like it." She placed one hand behind my head and one hand behind her son's and began pulling our heads towards each other. "And now I want to see my two kiddies kissing each other."

"Yes, mommy!" I Said, getting back into the swing of things. I let my tongue slither out from between my lips to quickly dart across his lips. Then our faces were mashed together and our tongues began dueling.

Wendell was no longer rolling my nipples around with his palms, but was tugging on them between his thumb and index finger as we licked each other's mouths out.

Janet pressed her face up to ours and forced her tongue in between our lips to make it a three-way kiss. I can not describe how hot that was, being frenched by a mother and her son at the same time.

When we all paused for air, Janet made Wendell stand up in front of her again. While fondling his ass she began kissing and licking the bulge in the front of his panties.

"Oh, Mommy, that looks so sexy what you're doing to him," I said slipping my hand between Janet's thighs to play with her pussy while she licked her son's underwear.

"Wait until you see this," she said as she began to slide his panties down. As she slide his undies down, his huge cock got caught in the material and was pulled down until it was pointing at the floor. As soon as Janet pulled the shorts down to her son's thighs, his hard-on sprung free and immediately bounced back up to full mast almost slapping his mom in the face.

With her son's huge cock bouncing and throbbing only millimeters from her face, Janet giggled and flicked her tongue at it. "Oh, you naughty little boy!" She began licking his cock up and down along the bottom of the shaft.

"Ohhhhh, mommy," he moaned.

Not taking my eyes off of that for a moment I watched, entranced. I continued playing with Janet's pussy loving the sexy hot wetness of it. Knowing that Janet was getting so hot and wet from licking her own son's cock made me even hornier---especially when Janet's cunt started making those horny "squish! Squish! Squish" sounds.

Then Janet took her son's cock into her mouth. She looked me right in the eyes as she sucked her son's throbbing dick in and out of her mouth. Her sucking sounds added to the "squish, squish, squish" of her slobbering pussy just about drove me crazy. Watching her cheeks bulge in and out as she took her son's cock meat into her only added to my excitement.

Suddenly Janet pulled her son's hard-on out of her mouth with a "pop!" Then she pointed the one-eyed snake right at my face. "Your turn daughter sweetie."

First I began licking up and down the bottom of his shaft like his mom and done. Janet joined in with me. Both of our tongues danced up and down his cock and writhed and wrestled with each other as we vied for space on his cock.

Then Janet held his scalding tool against my lips. "Suck your brother, now sweetie."

I needed no coaxing of course. The heat of his throbbing fuck tool was a hot poker in my mouth sending waves of scalding heat straight to my cunt. I took him all the way inside, then I sucked hard as I drew my head back creating a vacuum inside my skull. The sensation of the vacuum sucking on my brains as I pulled his cock out was absolutely crazy--and more addicting than any drug.

I knew my cheeks were bulging in and out just as Janet's had done as I sucked back and forth on her son's cock, but my thrills were doubled when Janet began sucking on the bulge in my cheek made by her son's cock.

Soon I was making sucking sounds louder than Janet did I was so fucking horny, sucking cock like a mad woman. Janet added her own sucking sounds against my bulging cheek then completed the ensemble by playing with my sopping wet pussy making it go "squish, squish, squish" just as hers had done.

Between having my brains tickled from sucking on Wendell's cock and his mom fingering my pussy and trying to suck her son's cock through my cheek was all too fucking much for me. I popped my cork and had a nice orgasm.

However, that didn't cool my fires--just made me drunk for more.

Janet stood up and pulled her son away from my still sucking mouth. "Come on Wendell, let's show your sexy sis how much you love your mommy." She drew him into an embrace and mashed her face to his.

As Janet ate her son's mouth out, his hands flew to her tits, fondling. His throbbing cock slipped up under her skirt and stabbed between her thighs. His cock, like a water-witch, quickly found the wettest spot on her sopping wet panties and he began to fuck the tip of his cock against it while feverishly fondling his mommy's tits.

I thought he looked so sexy with his panties still down around his knees and his hips pumping, the muscles on his butt flexing, as he fucked his cock against his mommy's dribbling wet panty-covered snatch.

Soon he had pulled his mom's tits out of her dress and was alternately sucking on them while trying to fuck her drenched panties.

This was so friggin' hot that I couldn't help playing with myself while watching this mother-son sex show.

Wendell went down to his knees in front of his mom his horny tool popping and jumping in need and excitement, searching for the hot wet pussy it thought it almost had a moment ago.

Wendell kissed and licked his mommy's thighs while his hands traveled up the back of her thighs and slipped up under her skirt. Fondling his mother's butt, he buried his face into the crotch of her smooth satin dress.

Janet moaned and played with her tits as her son fondled her ass and sucked her cunt through her panties and dress.

Then Wendell began kissing and licking her thighs again, concentrating on the inner portion just above the knees. He slowly worked his way up his mom's legs until his head disappeared up under her skirt.



Janet let out a gasp of air when her son buried his face in her panties. He sucked her cunt through her panties for a moment, then I saw the bulge in Janet's skirt move downward has Wendell withdrew his head. As he did so, he slid his mommy's panties down her legs.

As soon as Janet had stepped out of her panties, Wendell brought the sopping wet underwear to his cock and began to jerk off with it while it was still hot and wet.

"Oh, Wendell, don't be such a hog," Janet said, "why don't you share with your sister?"

Wendell stood up, and with his hard-on bobbing and throbbing at me he held the panties up in front of my face--wet side facing me. "See how hot and wet mommy is?"

"Yesss! Hot, sexy mommy!" I said flicking my tongue out to lick at the wet crotch. I grabbed the panties from him so I could rub his mother's sex juices on my face. Wendell giggled then bent down in front of his mother again. Kissing and licking the insides of her thighs, he worked his way up under her skirt again.

While getting myself high from inhaling the aroma of Janet's sex-drenched panties, I watched entranced as the tell tale bulge in the front of her dress bobbing up and down told me her son was licking and sucking her pussy like crazy.

"Ummmmmmm, Goddddyesssss!" Janet moaned tugging on her tits, twisting her nipples this way and that.

Janet's face contorted as her son played with her ass and sucked off her cunt. Her hips and crotch took on a life of their own as she rhythmically fucked her slopping slit into her loving son's sucking face.

"Ngggggggggodd!" She moaned as she quivered into orgasm.

After she came on her son's face she collapsed onto the sofa right next to me, her red-swollen tits bouncing so enticingly. "Come, sit next to mommy," Janet pulled her son to the couch so the two of us were on either side of her.

"Wendell, why don't you give your sister another kiss so I can watch up real close."

"Yes, Wendell," I said, "I want to taste mommy's sexy cunt on your mouth." I mashed my face to his. While I ate out his face, savoring the tangy flavor of his mom's cunt my hands reached down to play with his cock. He returned the favor by reaching under my skirt to play with my pussy while we face fucked each other.

Janet put her arms around the both of us and fondled our butts as we frenched and played with each other. She began licking the sides of our faces until soon we were doing a three-way kiss again.

Before I knew what was happening Wendell and I had shifted positions and we were both kissing and licking our way down her neck while fondling her tits. "Oh, mommy, mommy!" We both said in unison as each of our mouths found an erect nipple.

"Ohhhhh, yessss, yessss, my sweet babies. Suck mommy's titties, suck, suck, suck." Janet continued to fondle our butts as we suckled at her heaving breasts.

"Okay, Wendell," Janet said after a bit, "don't you think it's time the two of us had a taste of your sister's little slit?"

"Sure."

"Stand up a moment for us Alyssa," Janet said.

"Yes, mommy," I said as I stood between her thighs facing her.

She began pulling my skirt down as she licked me all over. Soon she was off the coach, kneeling behind me and licking the backs of my knees and thighs.

Wendell knelt down in front of me and started licking my pussy.

After Janet pulled my skirt all the way off, she came around to the other side to remove Wendell's panties the rest of the way. Then she joined her son in licking my cunt.

I pulled on my nipples as the two velvet tongues of mother and son danced and slithered all over my sex.

Janet stood up and held my face between her hands. "Okay, sweetie," she said, "kiss mommy and taste your own cunt on my mouth."

Her hands moved down to fondle my butt as we kissed. Wendell stood up to join us in a three way face-fuck lick fest.

Tasting my own hot cunt on the mouths of both mother and son at the same time was so fucking hot.

"Okay you two," Janet said as we broke for air. "Time to undress mommy."

We kissed, licked and sucked at her breasts as we undid the rest of her buttons and pulled her dress off.

As soon as Janet was completely naked she pulled us back into a three-way embrace. "Okay, now I want to see my two kiddies fuck each other." Janet moved around behind me and pressed her body up against mine. She held me in a tight embrace, her hands fondling my nipples. Her sloppy wet hot cunt scalded my ass as her sexy voice scalded my ears.

"Come on, Wendell," show mommy you know how to fuck your sister real good.

"Yes, Wendell, fuck me real hard," I said reaching down to play with my steaming pussy.

Wendell's cock was at full mast as he stood before me. It bobbed up and down as it throbbed, banging its swollen red head against my pussy lips.

I spread my lips a bit to allow easy entry, and he shoved it into me. I put my arms around him to fondle his butt while he fucked me, and he put his arms around me and his mom to fondle his mom's ass.

I was caught in the middle of a sex sandwich. Mother and son on either side: Janet fucking her hot cunt against my ass cheeks while her son slid his nice hard tool in and out.

Soon we were all three moaning and groaning and grinding our hips in the dance of sex. Then Wendell exploded shooting his hot cum all inside me.

When he pulled his now limp dick out of my hole, his mom pushed him away and knelt down in front of my to gobble her son's cum from my steaming slit.

Then Janet pulled me down on to the floor rolled over on top of me and mashed her face to mine.

As I licked her son's come and my own pussy taste out of her mouth she rubbed her cunt and tits all over me like a crazy woman. She shifted positions and licked the insides of my thighs while lowering her cunt to my face.

I reached up to grab her butt and soon we were both munching cunt like pros in classic 69 position.

By this time her son was getting hard again and he positioned himself behind his mom so he could fuck her doggie style while we ate each other out.

That was an incredible view, watching Wendell slide his dick in and out of his mom's cunt while I licked them both and his mom ate me out.

And so went my first initiation into family sex. Luckily for me it was not to be my last. 





Mommy's Panty Boy Ch. 03
byslitlicker69©

I got so turned on from that session with Janet and her son Wendell that I could not think of anything else. At work Janet and I had trouble keeping our hands off of each other, but it was more fun to wait until after work when I'd go over to her house and we'd both play with her son--and with each other. I really loved calling her "mommie" in our role-playing. For some reason it just incredibly turned me on so much more.

The more I thought about it, the more I got turned on just by the plain idea of incest. All of that made me start to think of my own mom in a different light.

Mom was 43, but looked young for her age. She was trim, and had tiny, almost flat titties like I do--so nothing sagged. The more I thought about it, the more I realized that I just had try it with her. I would love nothing better than to be able to take her over to Janet's for some group fun, but first I had to break the ice with her some how.

I knew that mom had not had any sex since dad left us. She had to be horny as hell. That should give me an advantage---but how to break the ice?

Janet had told me how she broke the ice with her son by taking him dancing, so I decided to try the same trick on my mom. The club Janet told me about was open to girl-girl couples as well as guy-girl couples. That sounded like a good place to be able to do my thing without being disrupted--or stared at--by others.

My throat was as dry as the Sahara that Saturday when I asked my mom if she'd like to go out clubbing with me. I was afraid she'd claim she was too tired, or she had work to do, or she'd feel out of place with a young crowd, or some such thing. I was pleasantly surprised when she agreed without protest.

That evening after dinner, as I was getting myself ready, my hands trembled so much I could hardly dress myself. Feeling so incredibly naughty I decided to not wear any panties. I pulled on a bright yellow latex mini that I somehow squeezed my butt into. I just loved the feel of that sexy rubber on my bare buns and on my crotch. With the waist of the skirt a couple of inches below my belly button the hem just barely passed below the pouting, glistening lips of my horny cunt.

Looking myself in the mirror just made me get all the wetter. That skirt was so short, and pulled so tight that I knew people would be able to see my dripping wet pussy whenever I sat down or bent over. The thought of flashing my mom that way sent tingles all through me.

Next I pulled on a skin tight almost transparent white T-shirt. I looked at myself in the mirror again plucking my erect nipples to make sure they stood out through the material. To complete my ensemble I slipped on a pair of white pumps--then I went to see how mom was doing. Mom sat on her bed in white bra, white panties and garter belt. Seeing her like that made the blood rush to my face--not to mention my pussy. I watched fascinated as she rolled her nylon stockings up her legs. How much I wanted to help her, but I was afraid to move too far too soon.

Mom saw me watching her get dressed and her face flushed red.

"I-I-I-I'm sorry mom, I just wanted to see how you were coming along. Can I help you pick out a dress?"

"Sure, honey she said," looking me up and down. "But I don't think I want to try something as racy as you have on."

I blushed and giggled. "Oh, come on Mom. You've got to live a little. Let's step into your closet and see what you have."

I stepped into her walk-in closet, and to my delight mom was right behind me in her bra, panties, and garter belt. I felt her breath on my neck as I rummaged through her wardrobe.

"Mom, your clothes are all too square. I've got just the thing for you in my room." I brushed up against her as I stepped out of the closet. I made sure my arm brushed against her bra cone and my thigh scraped past hers. "Come on," I said, taking her hand.

I held her hand as I led her through the hallway into my bedroom. I gave her hand a little squeeze just before letting go as I rummaged through my closet. Mom just stood in the middle of the room watching me. "Here," I said, "this one will be just perfect for you." I pulled out a bright blue T-shirt mini.

I held the dress up to her body, touching the shoulders of the T-shirt against her shoulders to see how it would look on her. "Yes, I think this'll look real nice and sexy on you." I freed one hand to run it down her front as if smoothing the material out against her body. I pawed first one breast then the other, then ran my hand slowly down her stomach until I reached the hem of the skirt at the very top of her thighs.

"Yes, yes, yes," I said, looking her in the eye. "This will be perfect. But first we've got to take your bra off. You'll look so much sexier."

"I-I-I-I don't know . . ." Her face turned bright red.

I tossed the skirt onto my bed and then reached around my mom to unhitch her bra strap. Fumbling for the latch on her bra strap I used that as an excuse to lean forward and touch my already throbbing nipples against the tips of her bra cones. I exhaled hotly down her neck as I unhitched her bra, then looked her in the eyes and smiled. "Got it!" I Said stepping back as I pulled her bra off.

I sat her bra down on my bed and picked up the T-shirt mini I had picked out for her. "Here, let's get this one you," I said, stepping up behind her. "Now raise your arms up."

I pulled the skirt down her arms letting my fingers tenderly caress her skin as I worked my way down. When I got to her face I was thrilled to feel how hot and flushed her cheeks felt. I lingered there just a second, letting my fingers caress her face, then continued working the dress down, working my hands around and around the hem making sure I pulled it down evenly. Again I lingered when my fingers touched her bare nipples. When I felt them quiver to life against my touch a thrill of hot wetness stained my panties. I continued smoothing the dress down over her body, caressing and fondling as best I could without being too obvious.

I wanted to touch her pussy so bad--but I was afraid to go too far too fast and ruin it.

Instead I just slapped her playfully on the butt, then slipped my arm around her waist and turned her towards the mirror so we could look at each other side by side.

"Now, don't we look like a sexy couple mom?"

She giggled. "Well, if you say so, dear."

"Let's be off then." I kissed her on the cheek and led her out the door.

At the club I finally got mom up to dance after a few drinks. The first number we danced to was a slow one. At first we held each other in formal ballroom position, but as the song wore on I was able to maneuver myself in closer to her.

After a fast number to loosen things up, they played another slow song. This time I dispensed with the formal stance and grabbed mom around the waist pulling her in close to me. Instead of pushing me away, she placed her hands around my waist too. I smiled at her and held her even closer. Since we were the same height I naturally let my erect nipples touch hers, then as our bodies swayed to the music I rubbed my nips back and forth against hers. And, now I was ultra glad I had made her take off her bra because I could feel her nipples growing hard against mine. And, my pussy just dribbled.

By the end of the song I had my face snuggled against hers as our bodies swayed back and forth. "You are so beautiful, mommy," I whispered into her ear. "I feel so proud to be with you."

"Well, thank you dear. I'm proud to be with you too," she said.

Just as the song ended I gave her a wet kiss on the cheek.

The next number was a fast number and I decided to have some fun with mom. Many of the dancing couples were taking turns dancing into a squatting position in front of each other as an excuse to fondle each other's legs, so I was hoping to get mom into the spirit of things.

After pretending to shake my tits at her (as if I had anything to shake) making her giggle, I worked myself into a squatting position running my hands down her body as I descended. She giggled and smiled down on me.

I know my skimpy latex skirt was hiked past my hips in this position so she just had to be able to see my slobbering pussy--but she didn't seem shocked or put off by it.

After running my hands up and down her dancing legs while dancing in the squatting position, I began to swish and sway my body back up to my full height. As I did so, I let my hands slide up the backs of her thighs. Looking up into her face and smiling I let my hands slip under the hem of her skirt to fondle her ass for just a second. Her face turned bright red but she didn't move away or anything.

We finished the dance holding on to each other's hips as we swished and swayed away.

The final number was another slow one. I pulled mom in close to me and soon had both my hands on her ass, feeling the cheeks flex and roll with each movement of her body. I rubbed my aching nipples against hers much more brazenly this time--and to my delight hers were poking out through her T-shirt mini about has hard and long as mine were. And that felt so fucking sexy to tease her nips like that while we danced.

Holding firmly on to her ass I slipped one of my thighs between hers as we swayed and rocked back and forth.

The heat of her crotch against the top of my thigh was electrifying--as was the way her nipples seemed to suddenly jut out even more against my own.

Soon her own thigh was pushing in between mine. Only too gladly did I grant her entry. Only too gladly did I begin rubbing my throbbing wet cunt against the top of her thigh.

We had been dancing cheek to cheek. She suddenly pulled her head back a bit to look at me. "You're not wearing any panties are you?"

I smiled and giggled. "No, mom. I just feel so much sexier without them--especially when I'm dancing."

"Oh," she said, returning her face to its position against my cheek.

I gave her ass a little squeeze and breathed deeply letting my exhaled breath cascade down her neck.

When the dance was over, I held her tight and gave her a kiss right on the lips. When she made no effort to move away, I started to give her a little tongue. She flicked back once real quick with her own tongue, then pulled away from me.

"I think maybe we've both had too much to drink," she said. "Perhaps we'd better go now."

"Certainly mom, as you wish."

We picked up our purses and headed out to the parking lot. Since mom was driving, when I climbed into the passenger seat I slide over to the middle to be next to her.

"I'm so glad you decided to come dancing with me, mom," I said, gently setting my hand on her thigh just above the knee. "I had a wonderful time."

"Me too, dear."

I yawned, then sighed, then leaned my head against her shoulders and pretended to go to sleep. With each stop and start of the car at stop lights, I managed to move my hand a little further up her thigh, and to position my head a little bit more towards the front of her shoulder.

With my face mere inches away from her right nipple I directed my breath against it as I breathed the deep breath of sleep. And, my hand continued to nonchalantly creep up her thigh. When she turned the last corner into the street our house is on my hand slide off the top of her thigh to rest on her inner thigh only centimeters from her pussy. My lips were practically kissing her nipples as I continued to breath in and out hotly delighting in the way her nipple stayed so hard and erect from the steamy heat of my breath. By the time mom pulled into our garage I was no longer pretending to be asleep but had latched my lips onto her nipple and was sucking her off through her T-shirt mini. My hand slipped up under her skirt to rub her crotch.

That took mom's breath away. I felt her sudden gasp of air ruffle my hair as I greedily sucked on her tit. My thumb teased her clit as the palm of my hand rubbed her cunt lips through her panties.

Mom's hands were white-knuckled glued to the steering wheel. With the engine still running she cried "no, no, no, we should not be doing this."

"Oh yes we should," I giggled into her breasts. I dove into her more furiously now, sucking first one tit then the other, rubbing her cunt and clit vigorously with my hand.

Tears streamed down mom's face. "We better go inside," she said, gently pushing me away and turning off the ignition.

We grabbed up our purses and strolled to the front door neither of us saying a word. I feared that perhaps I had tried to take this thing too far too fast and had spooked her. After all, a mother and daughter getting it on is not an everyday occurrence. I fumbled for the house keys in my purse as we approached the front door. I let mom in first and stepped in behind her. I turned around to lock the door, half expecting a some kind of reprimand from mom for my behavior, but as soon as I pulled the key out of its little slit mom literally pounced on me. She threw her arms around me and began kissing the side of my neck. Her erect nipples throbbed into my back.

Rubbing her hot crotch against my latex-covered butt she said, "what have you done to me, you naughty daughter you. I've never been so hot in my entire life."

I managed to turn myself around within her embrace so I was facing her. "Me neither," I said with a sly grin as I slipped my arms around her waist. I rubbed my nose against hers, then I kissed her on the lips and felt the thrill of new heat coursing through her body. I teased her lips with my tongue and little moans escaped from her lips tingling all through me down to the tips of my toes.

I inserted my tongue and her lips parted taking me in to her warm wetness. As our tongues wrestled, we began rubbing our hard-on nipples against each other much harder than we did before at the dance. Our hands slid down to each other's butts to play and fondle as we tongued each other's mouths out.

Still playing with mom's butt with one hand, I slipped my other hand around the front to touch her pussy while we face-fucked each other. My fingers grazed the hem of her T-shirt mini as I fumbled for the hem, then I slipped my hand up under her hem and cupped her panty-covered pussy in the palm of my hand. The hot wetness of her panties startled me at first, then thrilled me.

"Mmmmmmmmmmm," she moaned as I started to rub her up and down. She began to fuck her cunt against my hand as I played with her. The damp heat of her cunt felt so fucking good on my hand.

Soon her own fingers were kissing the tops of my thighs as she sought the hem of my latex mini. "Yessss! Mommy, yes!" I gasped as her fingers began to explore up and down along the length of my sopping wet slit. "Yes, make me feel good, mommy."

Now she began to rub my cunt like I was doing her. I was so hot and wet it made "squish! Squish! Squish!" sounds. "Mmmmmmmmommmmy, yes!" I moaned.

"Maybe we better head for the bedroom," she said, breaking off our make out session.

"Yesssss, let'sssss." I said

She grabbed my hand and led me to her room. She led me with the hand that had been playing with my pussy, and I could feel all of my hot juices all over her hand. And that made me all the hornier.

She paused at the edge of her bed and turned to face me. I raised her cunt-stained hand to my face, and looking her straight in the eyes began to kiss and lick my own juices off of her hand.

As I kissed and licked her cunt-stained hand, she began to fondle my nipples through my T-shirt with her other hand. Then she slipped both her hands up under my shirt and slid it up my body.

As soon as mom had my shirt off, she dived into my hard-on nipples sucking furiously on them, first one then the other. As mom sucked my nips I played with hers through her T-shirt dress. I'd grab one between my thumb and forefinger and pull it out as far as it'd go, then I'd release it and grab the other one.

This made mom even hotter and she began sucking my tits so hard the obscene sucking sounds echoed down the hallway (we'd had no need to close the bedroom door). She pawed my latex covered ass as she sucked me off.

"Yesssssss, mommmmmieeeeee, yessssss!" I moaned.

Mom then began just flicking her tongue on my nipples while fondling my ass. She looked up at me, a sexy smile on her face.

I dropped to my knees and began kissing her feet and ankles. As I slowly kissed and licked my way up her ankles and legs I looked up her skirt lusting after her sopping wet panties. Up above I could see mom playing with her own tits while I worked on her legs.

"Nggggggggggg," she moaned when I started licking the backs of her knees. Her legs almost buckled on her. Had I not been half holding her up with my hands fondling her thighs she might well have fallen.

Kissing and licking her legs, I worked my way up the backs of her thighs---then I wedged my head between to kiss and lick the insides of her thighs. The muskiness of her steaming womanhood wafting down from her miniskirt assailed my nostrils making me drunk with sex lust. I felt totally enveloped by her heat.

Not able to resist any longer I stuck my head right up her skirt and planted my eager mouth on her soaked panty-covered crotch.

"G-g-g-g-g-odddddd!" she moaned when she felt my mouth sucking at her. Her hips began to move spastically as her cunt instinctively tried to fuck my face.

"Yessssss, mommy, fuck my face, ride me hard, fuck me mommy," I moaned into her steaming wet panties. My hands up under her hemline I grabbed her ass and crammed her cunt into my face as I sucked her off as hard as I could. While sucking mom off, I positioned myself so I could rub my own throbbing wet cunt against her ankle.

"Ngggggggggggg!" Mom moaned as she trembled all over. Then she came in her panties.

I pulled her sopping wet panties down her legs and had her step out of them. Then I stood up facing her, and looking her in the eyes and smiling I rubbed her big wet spot all over my nipples, actually jerking my nipples off with her steamy panties.

"Oh, mommy," I said as I held her panties up to her face, "see how hot and wet you are?"

"Uhhhhhh" she whimpered as I began to rub her own wetness across her face.

"Go ahead, mommy," taste your hot sex on your panties. As I held her cum-soaked panties in front of her face I stooped down just a bit so I could rub my hot cunt and latex mini against her thigh.

To my sheer delight, I watched mom's tongue slither out from between her lips and flick up and down against the wet crotch of her panties.

"Yesssssss, mommy, lick your own wet sex. Your tongue is making me so fucking horny!"

While mom licked at her panties, and I rubbed my sopping cunt against her thigh, I pulled her T-shirt mini up. Then I tossed the skirt and her panties on the bed and began sucking on her nipples and gently playing with her pussy.

By this time mom's eyes were practically rolling back in her head. She dropped to her knees and buried her face into the crotch of my latex mini.

"Uhhghghghhghh" she moaned as she munched my crotch right through my latex mini. Then she positioned herself so she could rub my ankle with her cunt as I had done her. Her hands went up under my skirt to fondle my ass while she sucked cunt and fucked my ankle. With her nose she pushed the front of my mini up just enough so she could get at my cunt better.

"Ummmmmmmmm, yessssssss, mommmmmmie!" I Moaned, "suck my cunt and fuck me, yesssssssss, yessssssss!"

Soon I was trembling all over. My hips thrashed spastically as I fucked mom's hungry face, then I came all over her.

Mom then slid my skirt down my legs and stood up to hug me tight to her body. Our faces quickly melted together into a hot kiss as we each tasted the other's cum on each other's lips. We gently and slowly rubbed our still throbbing nipples together. We pressed our crotches together each relishing the heat and soft wetness of the other.


"Here, let's lie down together," she said, taking my hand and pulling me down on the bed beside her.

We lay down side by side looking into each other's eyes. I began to gently finger her pussy while she rubbed my still hot latex mini all over her nipples.

Mom tossed my mini skirt aside and grabbed me into another intense embrace. We made out furiously while fingering each other's very wet snatchs. The "squish! Squish! Squish!" Sounds both of our pussies made brought smiles to our lips and made us both hornier.

I rolled mom on to her back and lowered my cunt over her face.

"Yesssssssssweetie! Stick it in mommy's face. Mommy wants to sniff your sexy cunt while I lick you. Come on baby!" She grabbed my ass and pulled my cunt down to her waiting lips and tongue.

As soon as I felt her velvet tongue washing over my engorged pussy lips I bent forward so I could return the favor.

As we licked each other to orgasm, our bodies thrashed musically on the bed making the most beautiful harmony—backed by the rhythm of the squeaking bed springs.

We made love several more times in various positions that night before finally falling asleep exhausted and totally satiated.



Mommy's Panty Boy Ch. 04
byslitlicker69©

(I meant to complete this chapter a couple of years ago, then got distracted. But, finally, here it is. It contains both mother-son and mother-daughter activity. New readers might want to read the first three chapters to see how the major characters got this way. This chapter, like chapters two and three, will be told by Alisa. This is also a very long story).

After mom and I had had sex with each other a few times, I told her about my friend Janet and her son.

"So would you like to meet them?" I asked her. "I know they'd love to meet you. I've told Janet at work how sexy you are and her eyes lit up. She's having a party at her house this Saturday and is really hot to introduce you to her son and to all the fun stuff they do."

"Of course I'd love to, honey, but you know your sister is coming home from college this weekend so that's going to kind of tie our hands."

"Oh, don't worry about sis," I said. "I bet she's as horny as you and I are. But I'll talk to her first and see if she might be up to something like that. You just leave Alice to me."

Alice is 18 and in her first semester at college. She's freckle faced, a tad shorter than I am, and even flatter than mom and I, if that's possible. After she came home that Friday night I began talking to her about sex. Asked if she was dating anyone. "No." Asked if she ever got horny. "Yes, my girlfriends and I talk about it all the time."

By Saturday morning I was asking her how she masturbated and what she thought about when she did it. It didn't take me long to figure out that sis's mind was as dirty as mine was, though she was terribly inexperienced having been fucked only once by a guy and never having tried a girl—though she admitted to have masturbating about it a couple of times.

"Say, Alice?" I said after I had figured her out.

"Yeah?"

"This friend of mine at work is hosting a hen party tonight where everybody dresses up real sexy, and then we all kind of model for each other and compare outfits and all that. And maybe there might be a porn movie or something, and maybe lots of dirty talk. It'll be lot's of fun. Mom and I are going and you're invited too."

"It does sound like it might be fun, but with mom along . . . ."

"Oh don't worry about mom," I said. "She's cool. Real cool, you'll see." I purposely didn't tell her that mom and I had been having sex, nor did I tell her about Janet's son and about how wild this party was going to get. I wanted to leave a bit of a surprise for her. I wanted it to shock her and then see what happened.

After an early dinner we all got dressed and then mom drove us over to Janet's. We had all decided on going with the "little girl" look, beings that we were all flat and the tiny petite types. We put our hair up in pig tails and wore the tiniest skirts sis and I had in our wardrobes (we gave mom one of sis's since she didn't have anything that revealing). These skirts were so tiny they showed a touch of our panties in both the front and the back which I thought was super sexy. On top we each wore tight-fitting T-shirts so our nipples would show when they got hard.

Before leaving the house we all looked each other over. In pig-tails, skimpy skirt and tight T-shirt mom looked as young as sis and I. We three could have passed for triplets. "Ummmmm, we all look so sexy," I said "I could almost masturbate right now."

Sis turned bright red from my talking that way in front of mom, but mom just laughed and said. "Don't spoil all of your fun now before the party starts, you naughty girl you."

That made sis relax a bit and she laughed too, thinking that mom was just joking.

Getting in the car I opened the passenger door and motioned for sis to get in first. I got a huge thrill out of watching her skimpy dress slide up exposing her panty covered crotch, and I did not disguise my interest either. She turned red in the face again, but I saw her fight to hold back and smile—and lose.

I climbed in beside her trying to flash her as much panty as I could, then settling into my seat I let my leg press against hers. Then mom climbed into the driver's seat, and to my delight sis turned to watch mom's legs and peek at her panties as her skimpy skirt hiked up.

I put my arm around sis and kept my leg pressed up against hers as we drove over to Janet's. We all three had on the same perfume and it filled the car with lilac sweetness. And I was getting hotter by the moment as my eyes darted back and forth between my mom's exposed legs and panties and sis's exposed legs and panties and my dirty mind began to fantasize about all the hot fun things that were likely to happen this evening. Oh, to see sis climbing between mom's legs and sucking her pussy, I thought, how fucking hot that'd be.

I don't know if sis was beginning to get similar ideas, but I knew that mom was. Her face was flushed and her nipples were already erect and poking out through her T-shirt like a couple of little fingers by the time we arrived at Janet's.

While we may have thought that we were really sexy with our "little girl" looks and skimpy skirts, Janet was absolutely stunning. She came to the door with nothing on top except a white bra with holes for her nipples to stick out—and they were already erect.

Below she wore heels, hose, white garter belt, white panties, and a diaphanous blue summer skirt that started near the bottom of the garter belt and came to just below the knees—but was thin enough that her white panties and garter straps showed though.

Janet led us through her living room where there was another mother-daughter team already there whom Janet had met through the internet. She introduced them as Gretchen (the mom), and Suzan (the daughter). They both wore one piece, tight-fitting black silk dresses that fit from the shoulders down to mid thigh. Underneath they had on white garter belts, and nylon stockings. The outline of white panties could also be made out underneath their dresses, but the way their dresses were molded to their breasts indicated that they were not wearing bras. And what breasts! Suzan, though only the age of sis and I, was quite well developed with firm, apricot sized tits. But her mom, oh my! She had a pair of giant cantalopes that just defied gravity the way they stuck out from her body like a couple of cannons. I began to drool imagining what it'd be like to bury my face into her bare bosem.

There were two couches in Janet's living room, and she had arranged them in a "V" formation so that they almost came together at one end leaving an open space at the other. Mom, sis, and I sat on one couch with mom taking the end nearest the bottom of the "V," sis took the middle and I sat at the other end. Gretchen and her daughter sat on the other couch facing us, with Suzan taking the end nearest to mom. I had already told mom that Gretchen and her daughter were already into mother-daughter sex like we were, and so it was a thrill for both of us to watch them sit so close together—and so close to in front of us that we saw plenty of white panty as they sat and crossed their legs. It was also hot seeing the way that they looked at us in our skimpy little girl skirts since I knew that Janet had also told them that mom and I were into the mother-daughter thing. They also knew, like Janet, that Alice didn't have a clue and so the whole evening was going to be a big surprise for her.

While feasting my eyes on Suzan and her mom and how sexy they looked crossing their legs so close right in front of us, I also cast an occasional glance at sis and was happy to see that she seemed as interested in looking up their skirts as I was.

Janet started the party by putting on some light rock music and then striking some sexy poses for the rest of us. Janet moved back and forth between the two couches as she struck her poses allowing each of us opportunity to finger her dress and/or run our hands up and down her nylon enshrouded legs.

The way the "V" of the couches was situated, mom and Suzan were almost touching knee to knee, and so when Janet moved up between them they rubbed their legs against Janet's nylons while fondling the hem of her dress. And I thought that was real sexy.

Then Janet sat down on the couch with Gretchen and asked Suzan to model. Suzan started off modeling for Janet and Janet got pretty bold the way she ran her hands up and down Suzan's silk-encased body, taking time to briefly fondle Suzan's butt.

Then Suzan modeled for her mom and her mom was even bolder than Janet was. Not only did she fondle her daughter's ass, but briefly pressed a hand against her pussy pushing her dress in, then she ran her hands up and down her daughter's legs, caressing her nylon stockings, while letting her hand slide up her daughter's skirt a bit.

I glanced at Alice to see how she was taking this and she seemed fascinated, like she couldn't take her eyes off of the action. I caught mom's eye and gave her a wink.

Suzan then came over to our couch to model in front of mom. Mom was as brazen with Suzan as Gretchen and Janet were, perhaps even more so as she let her fingers toy with Suzan's garter straps, running her thumbs and forefingers up and down the straps on both legs and in so doing letting her hands go up under the hem of Suzan's skirt.

"Ummm, such a sexy, sexy, skirt," mom said as her hands were running up and down Suzan's legs and playing with the hem of her skirt.

And all the while Suzan swayed her hips back and forth, almost as if she were dancing and a look of pleasure coated her face.

Then Suzan slid over to stand directly in front of sis. At first sis was afraid to do anything. She just stared at Suzan's crotch right in front of her face. Then mom and I each took one of her hands and placed them on Suzan's thighs and made her rub her hands up and down.

"Feel how nice and sexy her nylons are," mom said, "and feel how tightly her dress fits around her ass." And we moved sis's hands around to Suzan's ass.

"And just feel how firm her butt cheeks are," I said.

"Y-y-y-yeah," Alice whimpered.

Then Suzan shifted over to my side of the couch and I fondled her as enthusiastically as mom did and looked sis in the eye as I did so.

Mom put her arm around sis and whispered into her ear. "Look at how much Suzan likes us all fondling her like that. See, you can even see her nipples growing with each touch and sticking out through her dress real sexy like."

That brought a blush to Alice's face, and I took advantage over her shock at mom's words to let one of my hands run up one of Suzan's garter straps, and up under the hem of her skirt. I briefly touched her panty-covered cunt with my pinkie finger causing a sudden exhalation of breath to escape her lips. I looked sis in the eye and flicked my tongue at her provocatively.

When Suzan returned to her seat next to her mom her mom opened her arms and said, "that was so sexy, sweety. I think you got us all turned on with your modling."

"Thanks mom," Suzan said, turning her face to her mom's. "It turned me on too. I get so hot when everybody is fondling me like that."

Then they kissed, giving each other a bit of tongue. And I remembered the first time mom and I sex-kissed like that, the way fire exploded all throughout my body. And, remembering that feel, the same fire exploded throughout my body again from just watching Gretchen and her daughter kiss like that.

Glancing at sis I saw that her face was bright red, her mouth was open in shock, but her eyes were glued to the action.

"Now it's your turn, mom," Susan said as they broke off the kiss.

First Janet and Suzan fondled Suzan's mom all over as she swayed her hips back and forth in front of them. I leaned over to whisper into sis's ear. "Look how Suzan is feeling up her mom, isn't that sexy?"

"I-I-I-I guess."

Then Gretchen stepped over to our couch and we all three began fondling her at once. I noticed though that Alice was still a bit shy and tentative only running her hands up and down Gretchen's nylon enshrouded legs. Mom and I looked at each other, then we each grabbed one of Alice's hands again and moved them up Gretchen's body and made her fondle Gretchen's huge tits.

"Just feel how huge and firm these tits are," mom said. "Wouldn't you just love to be able to bury your face into these babies?"

Sis just blushed but she made no effort to remove her hands from the woman's tits.

"Boy, I sure would," mom said. "That's a huge fantasy of mine, to be able to suck on another woman's tits and call her mommy at the same time."

"G-g-g-gosh," sis mumbled.

"All three of you can call me mommy anytime you want to." Gretchen said, then she giggled and moved back to her seat on her couch.

That was the signal for mom to get up and go over to the other couch to model for Janet, Gretchen and her daughter. Watching all three women run their hands all up and down mom's body was a thrill. It also made me hotter than hell. I glanced at Alice and saw her lick her lips. I put my hand on sis's thigh and whispered in her ear. "See how much fun mom is having? Look! They've got their hands all over her, feeling her erect nipples through her T-shirt, and see there are hands up her skirt feeling her pussy and her ass. Doesn't mom look sexy the way she's squirming in pleasure?"

"Uhhhhh, I-I-I-I guess."

Then mom came over to our couch to model for us. Alice looked, but was afraid to touch. Mom's skirt is so short that when she stood in front of us we could look right up to her panty-covered crotch. With sis looking on I fondle the hem of mom's skirt for a second and then lift it up to expose more of mom's panties. "See how wet mommy is?" I breathed into Alice's ear. I could even smell a hint of mom's tangy horniness wafting up from underneath her skirt and knew that sis could smell it too. After all, mom's crotch was only inches from sis's face.

Alice's mouth opened up as if she wanted to say something, but no words came out. I grabbed a hold of sis's hands and they were trembling so. Gently I lifted them up and placed them on mom's stomach and made her rub mom's T-shirt up and down a bit. And then I slid her hands all the way up to mom's tits and made her rub mom's erect nipples tenting her shirt.

"See how erect mommy's nipples are too," I breathed again into her ear. "They're all turned on just like yours and mine."

"See, it's okay to play with mommy's tits, just like Suzan is playing with her mommy's tits." On the other couch, only a couple of feet away from us Suzan had her arm around her mom's shoulder and both hands on her huge mounds fondling away while her head was turned to watch the action with mom and us. And Janet, sitting on the other side of Gretchen had stuck her hand up between Gretchen's thighs to rub her pussy. In the meantime Gretchen also had her hands on both Janet's and her daughter's pussies.

Mom turned around then and stuck her ass in sis's face and began playing with her own tits while watching what the other three women were doing on their couch. I took Alice's hands then and stuck them up under mom's skirt and made her fondle mom's ass while mom swayed back in forth in pleasure.

"See how much mommy loves this? Don't her panties feel sexy on her ass?"

"Y-y-y-yeah," sis managed to say.

Then it was my turn to model. First I modeled for Janet, Suzan, and Gretchen and all the time while they were fondling me I looked sis in the eye. She blushed throughout but was unable to take her eyes off of the action. Mom, seeing sis's interest put her arm around sis's shoulder again and let her hand rest on her tit.

I came over to mom and sis and as I danced and modeled for them mom made sis fondle me just like I'd done with her when mom was modeling. But this time sis needed less encouragement. She was starting to get into it and soon her hands were doing some exploring all on their own. And I thought it was delightful feeling all four hands on me at once, hands of my mom and my little sister, while the other three women continued to watch and fondle each other.

When it was sis's turn to model, we all scooted forward on the couches so that all five of us could all fondle her at once. Five pairs of hands were all over sis at once, fondling her legs, her butt, and her tits, and even her pussy which was quite wet by now. And, there was so much going on that she didn't know whose hands it was that were up her skirt at any given time. Was it my hands? Was it her mommie's? Or one of the other women? Sis's eyes glazed over and we got afraid that she was ready to cum she was so freaked out by all of this—and we didn't want her to come just yet. So we stopped and had her sit down between mom and I again.

Up to this point all the action had only been suggestive teasing touches and mild gropping, and so far Suzan had taken everything in stride, and in fact had gotten quite turned-on by it all. But now it was time to take it to the next step.

"Wendy?" Would you please come out here now?" Janet yelled to her son Wendell who had been hiding in another room waiting for this moment.

Wendell came out dressed in nylon stockings, garter belt, heels, and a slinky white dress that clung to his body and came down to just below his balls and butt so we could all see the tops of his stockings and parts of his garter straps.

"It seems that my son Wendell has a real fetish for his mommy's panties," Janet said. "I caught him one day masturbating with mommy's panties." She slapped him playfully on the butt. "And that turned me on so much that it kind of started everything off for us. Since then I've learned how much he really loves dressing up in all of mommy's sexy clothing." She stroked his sleek ass while smiling at each of us women. "Isn't that right sweety?"

"Yes, mommy."

"Then why don't you show our guests here how much you love dressing up in mommy's sexy things by giving mommy a nice, big, sexy kiss."

Janet grabbed his face between both hands and at first she just flicked her long, sexy tongue at him. Moving closer she teased her tongue across his lips. This made his cock start to grow real huge and the tip of it began to poke out from underneath the hem of his skirt. It turned Janet on too because her nipples grew even larger as they poked out through the holes in her bra.

Then Janet mashed her son's mouth to hers, and soon she was fucking her son's face with her tongue. We could see the huge bulges in Wendall's cheeks billow and contract, billow, and contract, as his mommy tongue fucked his mouth out. And now his cock sprung to its full erectness lifting up the hem of his skirt, bulging, throbbing as it seemed to try to find its way up his mommy's skirt as well.

I glanced at sis and she looked like she was really fried. Her face was bright red, her eyes bulged out of her head and seemed to give off a bright blue glow. Her nipples poking through her T-shirt were harder and more erect than ever.

"Isn't this hot?" I whispered to sis

"Y-yeahhhh." She nodded slightly while licking her lips.

"I told you there might be some porn here tonight."

"Better'n a fucking movie," sis said with a giggle.

Janet broke off the kiss with her son. "Ummmmmm," she said. "Such a nice big hard cock you've got for mommy." She wrapped her hand around his engorged tool and pulled him by his cock over to Gretchen and her daughter. "He really loves to be played with," she said.

Gretchen and her daughter fondled his nylon enshrouded legs and his ass and took turns toying with his hard on. Janet played with her erect nipples while watching the action.

Janet then turned him around and pushed him over to the three of us, his cock bobbing up and down in front of our faces with each step he took. All of our hands were all over him. Sis was especially fascinated with his erection, pushing it this way and that and watching it bounce and vibrate when she let it go.


Mom then pushed sis's hands out of the way and crammed his cock into her mouth.

"Oooooh," Wendall said, shivering all over.

"Mom!" Alice said, feigning shock at her mother's action.

I placed my hand on the inside of sis's thigh, much higher than before, and whispered into her ear. "That's okay, it's all in fun. He obviously loves it and mom's certainly getting a kick out of it. Just look at how erect her nipples are."

Of course on the other couch the action was getting more and more interesting as well. Janet had sat down next to Gretchen and stuck her hand up between her legs to play with her pussy. Suzan also followed Janet's example and stuck her hand up between her own mom's thighs to help Janet diddle her crotch. Grethchen in turn stuck a hand up Janet's skirt to return the favor, and her other hand up her daughter's skirt.

When sis's eyes didn't know whether to look at mom's nipples, or mom's mouth sucking Wendall's dick off—or the hot action on the other couch, I slid my hand a little higher up her thigh.

Mom then pulled Wendall's cock out of her mouth and pointed directly at Alice's lips. "Here, honey, you try it for awhile. Just see how hot and sexy it feels.

Alice didn't need any further encouragement. She hungrily took his engorged meat between her lips and fondled his ass as she sucked him off.

Mom put her arm around her youngest daughter and toyed with her erect nipple poking out through her T-shirt while her other hand came around sis's front to play with her other tit. And, I slid my hand up a little further until I felt her panties. And to my delight they were sopping wet, and the heat coming out of her cunt was mind boggling.

Mom, sis, and I then all three tried to lick his cock at once, all three of our faces pressed together, our tongues flicking every which way making his cock bounce all over like a billard ball. And from time to time both mom's and my tongues stroked across sis's as we teased his cock.

Janet reluctantly left the fun on the other couch and stood behind her son to pull his dress up off him while we continued to toy with him.

"My son has such a huge panty fetish," Janet announced to the rest of us. "As I said before, that's how all of this incest stuff with us got started. So now, Wendy," she turned to her son. "Don't you think it's time you showed all of my girlfriends how much you love your mommy's panties?"

"Yes, mommy." He got down on his knees before his mommy and wrapped his hands around her ass, then pressed his face into the crotch of her skirt. He nosed and nuzzled her cunt through her skirt.

"Fetch mommy's panties!" Janet commanded.

"Yes, mommy." He stuck his head up under his mommy's skirt and kissed and licked his way up her thighs until he was now mouthing her cunt through her sopping wet panties.

"Unghgngn," Janet moaned, as she played with her throbbing nipples once more. Her tongue darted out like a snake and licked her lips side to side.

"G-g-g-g-gosh!" was all sis could say as mom and I continued to fondle her. She was so engrossed by what Janet and her son were doing that she couldn't have told us to stop even had she wanted to.

Watching Wendell's head bob up and down underneath his mommy's skirt was about the freakiest, hottest thing any of us had ever seen. And as he nuzzled and mouthed his mommy's panty-covered cunt his cock grew even bigger than before and bobbed up and down from the force of the blood pumping through his horny organ.

Wendell ran his hands up and down the backs of his mom's nylon enshrouded legs, then let them slip up under her skirt to fondle her ass more intimately. Then he rolled her panties down her legs and removed his head from her skirt.

He stood up holding his mommy's wet panties in his hand.

"That's a good boy, Wendell, now give them to mommy." Janet commanded.

Janet took the panties from her son and then held them up to his nose. "Sniff!"

Wendell took a deep breath, inhaling, and the swampy odor of his mommy's horny hot pussy made his erect tool throb and bob all the more.

Janet removed the panties from her son's face and began to rub his cock with the wet spot. "See how sexy mommy's panties feel on your cock—especially now that they are all wet."

Janet then opened up one of the leg holes and slipped her panties over his cock so they would hang there on their own. "Now I want you to be a good boy and go over to my friend Gretchen and show her how much you appreciate having her watch you play with your mommy while she played with her daughter."

Both Gretchen and her daughter stood up as Wendell approached.

Wendell embraced Gretchen and kissed her, and Gretchen gave him lots of tongue. Janet came up behind him and grabbing his ass said, "now I want you to get down on your knees before her and call her mommy, like you did me."

"Yes, mommy." Wendell knelt before the buxom woman and embraced her legs reaching his hands up to fondle her ass. He looked up at her adoringly and addressed her as his new mommy. "Oh mommy, you look so sexy, especially from down here."

"Well, thank you sweety. Now be a good boy and fetch mommy's panties just like you did with your other mommy."

"Yes, mommy!" Wendell stuck his head up under Gretchen's skirt and began kissing and licking his way up her legs all the while mumbling "sexy mommy, sexy mommy."

While Wendell was working his way up under Gretchen's skirt, Suzie, standing a little to the side and behind her mom grabbed her mom's face and muffled her moans with her own mouth. Then she tongue fucked her mom's mouth while fondling her huge boobs.

And again, the firestorm swept throughout my entire body knowing just how hot a mother-daughter sex kiss was, and hoping all the while that sis was similarly affected.

Janet pressed in closer to join the mother-daughter team in a three-way kiss while helping Suzie play with her mom's huge mounds.

Then Wendell's face reached Gretchen's crotch and she moaned all the deeper into her daughter's face while he nuzzled his face into her cunt and munched on her panties.

I glanced at sis again and saw that she was totally mesmerized. Her eyes virtually bugged out of her head. Her nipples bulged even more out of her T-shirt. While I had told sis that there would be some sexy modeling, I had not warned her, or even hinted to her that this was going to turn out to be an incest party. So I was thrilled to see that she was taking it all in stride and getting hotter by the moment—just as I was.

Mom also glanced at sis at the same time to check out how her youngest daughter was doing, and seeing Alice's flushed face and bulging nipples she smiled and gave me a wink. Then we both turned back to watch the action in front of us while continuing to fondle Alice.

Wendell had now liberated Gretchen's panties and stood up handing them to his real mommy.

Janet sniffed Gretchen's panties and then breaking up the mother-daughter French kiss between Suzie and Gretchen, she rubbed Gretchen's panties in to Suzan's face. "See how hot, wet, and horny your mommy is Suzie?"

"Ummmm, yes," Suzie said sniffing and licking her mom's soaked panties while her mom stood behind her to fondle her tits. Wendell, standing behind his own mom with his engorged cock bobbing in the air fondled Janet's butt while she rubbed Gretchen's panties into Gretchen's daughter's licking face.

Mom, her arm around Alice's shoulder leaned over to whisper into her ear "Isn't this sexy, sweety? It's making me so fucking hot I could almost scream."

Taking mom's cue, I also leaned into sis's other ear and whispered "Me too, my cunt is gushing so much I could almost cum right now."

"Ngggggg," was all sis could say while her face turned new shades of red as if she was shocked to hear such language from her own mommy. But the dirty talk helped to turn her on all the more because instead of recoiling, to my joy she placed a hand on my thigh and her other hand on mom's thigh—finally responding to our fondlings.

I responded in turn by moving my hand a little higher up between her legs so that I could rub her panty-covered pussy most vigorously. And, to my delight, her panties were wetter than ever—almost as wet as mine.

Mom, continuing to fondle both of sis's tits now took her nipples between thumbs and forefingers and began to tweak them.

Wendell, now wearing both his mommy's and Gretchen's panties on his cock had his head up Suzie's dress and was nuzzling and munching her crotch through her panties. Meanwhile, Gretchen stood behind her daughter, her arms wrapped around her so she could fondle her tits while they continued to French kiss each other. And Janet stood behind Gretchen to fondle her huge tits while all of this was going on.

As soon as Wendell re-emerged from up under Suzie's skirt, Gretchen reached down and grabbed her daughter's wet panties and held them up to her face, sniffing and licking. "Ummmm, such a hot and horny daughter I have. Such nice wet panties. How mommy would love to lick her little darling."

"Ummmm, don't I wish, mommy." Suzie said.

Janet, having moved over to Suzan's side put her arms around her and said, "such naughty talk between mother and daughter, and all of this panty sniffing and munching has made my poor son so horny his balls are turning blue, don't you think it's time we did something for him?"

"Yeah, lets do him." Susie said.

Then they all looked over at us.

"Lie down on the floor, Wendell," Janet said.

Her son quickly obeyed, laying on his back with his cock sticking up, bobbing and throbbing in the air.

Then Janet smiled at me and said, "Alisa why don't you'n your mom and sister stand over his face so he can look up your skirts."

Mom was first to comply, placing her feet on either side of his neck she stood facing his cunt-seeking cock.

Wendell immediately began to fondle mom's legs while looking up her skirt and drooling over her panties that I knew had to be sopping wet by now.

I took sis by the hand and placing my other hand on her butt I guided her in behind mom making her move in real close, placing her feet on either side of Wendell's head. And now Wendell stared directly up between sis's legs, and his hands moved from mom's to Alice's legs.

Then I moved in right behind sis and pressing my crotch into her butt and putting my arms around both her and mom I forced sis even tighter into mom until her own crotch was pressing into mom's ass.

From the side Janet put one hand on my ass and one hand on mom's cunt and squeezed us all together even tighter. "That's it. You all be nice little girls now and squeeze in together as tight as you can so my naughty little boy can look up all three of your skirts at the same time."

"Yessss!" Janet said, "such nice little girls. Now make it look as sexy as you can for my son."

Janet still had the music playing so we kind of danced. Mom started it moving her ass side-to-side, rubbing it against her youngest daughter's crotch. Then I picked it up, rubbing my cunt side-to-side against sis's butt and then pulsing my crotch forward, backward, and forward as if trying to fuck my sister's ass with my clit right through our panties and micro mini skirts—all in time with the music. Then sis got into the swing of things, moving her own ass in time with the music and I could feel the heat of her body grow making my own temperature rise.

In the meantime Gretchen and her daughter had knelt down together, each of them straddling one of Wendell's legs with their own, and positioned themselves so they could suck, lick, and tease his cock while playing with his balls and rubbing their tits against his nylon enshrouded thighs.

Janet then got down behind Gretchen and her daughter and stuck her hands up their skirts to finger fuck their sloppy wet pussies while they licked and sucked on her son's engorged cock.

Looking up our skirts like he was, Wendell could see our panties getting wetter and wetter, and his hands went crazy trying to fondle all of our legs at once.

While fucking my horny cunt into sis's ass, I grabbed her hands and swung them around mom's tummy, to place them on mom's tits. "Please sis, be nice to mommy and play with her tits while she watches Janet finger fuck Gretchen and her daughter while they suck her son's cock"

"Ummm, yes, honey," mom said. "Be such a good little girl and feel up mommy's tits while she watches all this delicious live porn. Yesssss! Such a good little girl." And mom fucked her ass back into sis's cunt all the harder when she felt her youngest daughter fondling her tits and beginning to tease her nipples with her thumbs.

Feeling Alice's body throb with heat from all of this, and knowing now that I could trust her to keep playing with mommy's tits without my help, I remove my hands from hers and instead put them on Alice's titties so I can fondle her little marbles while all three of us humped on each other right above Wendell's face.

Gretchen and her daughter sensing that Wendell was about to cum stopped sucking on him and instead Gretchen milked his cock with her hands while her daughter reached her hands under his butt to squeeze his ass cheeks as hard as he could.

Wendell groaned and shot his load. A stream of white cum shot up three feet into the air and then fell back onto his stomach. Then his mom, Gretchen, and her daughter licked it off of him and then French kissed each other in a three-way kiss. Then Gretchen and her daughter sat back down on the couch.

"Okay," Janet said, "while my son rests I think its time for some role playing." She looked at the three of us. "Why don't you three naughty little girls come over here and play with Gretchen. She likes to be called 'mommy' so come over here and help your mommy get undressed."

Mom was first to respond. "Yes, mommy," she said rushing up to the big breasted woman to begin feeling her up.

I slapped sis on the butt and pushed her up to Gretchen's side. "Ummmm, mommy!" Alice and I said in unison as we joined our real mom in feeling up the huge-breasted woman.

"Such nice sweet little girls I have," Gretchen said as she fondled each of our pig tails one after the other.

Soon we were lifting her dress up over her body while her daughter Suzie and Janet watched and finger fucked each other.

As soon as we had her naked she sat down on the couch, her huge tits jiggling like two large bowls of jello. "Okay, now," she said, "mommy's titties need to be sucked on, so which one of her sweet little babies wants to be first to nurse at mommy's tits?"

"I do mommy!" Mom said as she jumped up on the couch and laid her head back down on to the larger woman's lap and stared up at her huge globes hanging suspended just above her face.

I was almost as shocked as sis to see mom's eagerness to role play the part of the daughter, but seeing it, and hearing her call the other woman "mommy" as she fondled her huge tits turned me on more than ever once I was over the shock.

"Ummmm, yes, mommy, let me suck," mom said as the larger woman fed an erect, throbbing nipple to her mouth.

By this time Janet had helped Suzie get her dress off and Suzie came over to the couch to kiss and fondle mom's feet while mom sucked her mom's tits.

Janet came up behind sis and I and reaching her hands up under our butts and between our thighs rubbed our panty-coated pussies while we watched mom suckle Gretchen like a child while Gretchen's daughter sucked mom's feet.

"Oh, such a sweet little girl, I've got here," Gretchen said. "You keep sucking mommy's tits like that and mommy is gonna make her little girl feel oh so good." With that she stuck her hand between moms' thighs and up her skimpy little skirt to rub her pussy.

"Ngggggg," mom groaned into the larger woman's breasts when she felt her pussy being rubbed.

"Oh, such wet panties my little sweety has. I think that maybe they ought to come off." With that she looked at her real daughter.

Suzie reached her hands up mom's legs and pulled her panties down. She sniffed them and then rubbed them into her own mom's face so she could sniff them too.

"Ummmm, such a hot wet pussy my little baby has," Gretchen said. "You've been such a good little girl sucking mommy's titties like that and making mommy feel so good, mommy would like to do something for her sweety-ums. Stand up on the couch in front of mommy's face." She helped mom up. Mom placed her feet on either side of the larger woman's hips.

Gretchen stuck her hands up mom's skirt to fondle her ass. "Now, before I start making my little sweety feel real good, mommy's tits still ache, so maybe her other two daughters will help out?" She looked at sis and I.


"Oh yes, mommy, please let me suck your titties." I said. Then I slapped sis on the butt again.


"Ummm, yes, mommy," she said with a giggle as Janet and Suzie pushed our heads towards the larger woman's huge melons.

I had been drooling all day over Gretchen's huge mounds, even when she had her dress on, and then watching my mom suckle on them had made me that much more hungry. I eagerly climbed on her lap, or at least sort of. Actually I just sat on her left thigh, my own thighs straddling hers. That way I left room for sis on her other thigh.

"Ummmmmmommy!" I said as I grabbed her huge melon between both my hands and buried my face in it.

"Ummmmmommy!" Alice also said, sounding as enthusiastic about the role playing as I was.

"Ummmm, fuck, yessssss, mommiiiiii!" Our own mom moaned when Gretchen mashed her face into mom's cunt and began nibbling, licking, and sucking.

Hearing mom moan and talk dirty like that only made sis and I all the hotter, and as we began sucking on Gretchen's huge, finger-like nipples we humped our soaked panty-covered cunts back and forth on the larger woman's thighs, while watching her tongue drive mom's cunt crazy. Mom's ass, just right above us, flexed and rippled as she fucked her cunt into Gretchen's face while moaining "mommmiiiiii! Mommmmmiiiiiii! Mommmiiiii!" almost continually.

And, while this was going on Janet and Suzie came in behind sis and I. They put their arms around us to fondle our tits while we suckled Suzie's mom. And they also rubbed their erect nipples on our backs.

"Ummmmmm, God fuck!" Mom moaned as she came all over Gretchen's face.

I was hoping to take mom's place on Gretchen's face, but Janet had other ideas. She made us all resume our original seats.

"Enough role-playing for now," Janet said. "Now it's time for some real incest! Wendell, you know how horny your mommy gets from all this playing around. So now's the time for you to show our guests that you know how to make your mommy feel real good."

"Yes, mommy," Wendell said as he approached his mom who was now standing up between the two couches.

The rest of us watched intently to see what Wendell and his mom were going to do.

By this time Wendell had fully recuperated and had gotten nice and hard again from watching us women role-play with Gretchen and suck her tits. So, as he walked towards his mommy, his erection bounced and bobbed so nice and enticingly.

Janet and her son embraced each other and French kissed. Then they fondled each other's butts while face-fucking. Wendell then began kissing and licking his way down his mom's neck until he reached her breasts. First he sucked on the erect, swollen appendages poking out through the holes in her bra. Then he reached around behind her to undo the bra snap. Flinging her bra aside he dove right into her naked globes mumbling "mommy, mommy, mommy."

As he fondled and sucked her tits he had to bend down slightly and this pulled his loins away from his mom's body. Janet, never one to miss an opportunity began to fondle his cock while he sucked he tits.

Then Janet dropped down into a full squat position so her face was at the level of her son's cock. She rubbed her face all over the underside of the organ while positioning her cunt directly against the top of Wendell's foot. Then she began to lick the underside of his dick up and down the length of it and teased the tip of it with her tongue.


Wendell's breath came in quick short gasps.

And while this was going on, Suzie and her mom were finger fucking each other while watching Janet incest her son.

And I, while I already had my hand on sis's thigh, slid my hand around to the inside of her upper thigh, then slid it up the inside of her thigh until I was rubbing her sopping wet panties again. And mom, in the meantime had put her arm around Alice and was fondling her little titties again.

"Ummmm, fuck," sis said. "This is making me so fucking horny!" With that she placed a hand on both mom's and my thighs. Then she slid her hands around to the inside of our upper thighs and began rubbing the insides of our thighs up and down.

I was hoping that she'd go all the way and rub our cunts, but I guess she still lacked the courage to go that far. Anyway, I was happy—and very turned on—by the fact that she was at least starting to get into it and was as turned on as mom and I were about watching Janet and Wendell have mother-son incest.

Janet stopped teasing her son's cock with her tongue and now took it into her mouth to suck him off while rubbing her horny cunt furiously against his foot and ankle.

"Ummmmm, fuck, mommy!" Wendell moaned.

"Yessss, sweety. That's exactly what mommy wants," Janet said as she gave up sucking on her son's cock and lay down on her back before him. "Come on honey. Fuck mommy, just like you said." She raised her legs in the air and wrapped her feet around her son's ass to pull him in towards her.

"Ummmmm, mommy!" Wendell said as he wedged his way in between his mom's thighs.

The rest of us watched intently as Janet guided her son's throbbing organ to her pussy lips, first rubbing the tip of his cock up and down her fat, swollen lips, then she used her other hand to open her lips and stuff his cock inside.

Wendell moaned and plunged his swollen staff all the way in up to the hilt, making his ass cheeks flex and jiggle.

And with my own hand on Alice's pussy I felt my little sister getting ever hotter from watching Wendell and his mom incest each other. A quick glance at mom who smiled and winked at me told me she was thrilled with the way her youngest daughter was responding to watching the mother-son incest taking place right before our eyes.

Gretchen and her daughter while watching the mother-son sex show were vigorously finger-fucking each other harder than ever making their slobbering wet pussies go "squish," "squish," "squish." The smell of hot, wet cunt from all six of us horny women filled the room intoxicating us to ever kinkier heights.

"Ngghghggh, fuck me, fuck me, fuck me!" moaned Janet.

"Ummmmmmommy, mommy, mommy," moaned Wendell.

And then they both came as we watched their entwined bodies shudder.

Janet continued to hug her son as he lay on top of her, all spent. The rest of us just continued to stare in awe. Gretchen and her daughter stopped playing with each other. Mom and I stopped our fondling of sis. No one said a word. No one made a sound.

And then Wendell rolled off of his mom to lie on his back, and Janet stood up to face us and said, "I understand that there is one person amongst us who has never experienced incest before."

Every eye in the room looked at sis.

Then Janet turned to Gretchen and her daughter. "Don't you think it's about time that little Alice found out what real incest was all about? What do you gals think?"

"Yeah!" Susie said. "I think it's time that Alice tried a little incest. Especially mother-daughter incest—that is if she is horny enough." She looked at sis challengingly.

"And sister-sister incest too," Gretchen added. "Watching a mother-daughter incest three-some would make the rest of us so fucking hot."

Mom and I stood up grabbing sis by the hand to make her stand up between us. Janet sat down again on the opposite couch next to Gretchen.

Mom grabbed sis's face between her hands and then pressing in real close, tit to tit she kissed her youngest daughter on the mouth. I reached my hands up under sis's skirt to fondle her butt while rubbing my erect nipples on her back.

Mom, still kissing sis, began to give her some tongue. I moved my hands around Alice's hips, to her front so I could fondle her cunt while pressing my own hot crotch into her ass. Remembering how my first sex kiss with mom sent fire all throughout my body, I felt sis's body respond in the same way as mom frenched out her mouth.

As mom continued to face-fuck her youngest daughter she rubbed her erect nipples side-to-side against Alice's. Then running her hands up and down Alice's body she squatted down right in front of her.

I immediately grabbed Alice's face before she could think of what was happening to her, and turned her face towards me so I could French her out like mom had done. My hands immediately swam up to find her titties and fondle.

Mom stuck her hands up sis's skirt to play with her ass while blowing hot air strongly against her youngest daughter's crotch. And I felt sis squirm with pleasure in my embrace.

Mom stopped playing with Alice's ass and grabbing her butt cheeks firmly she stuck her head up under sis's skirt and began munching on her sopping wet panties. And the vibrations of sis's moans shattered me right down to my toes. The squishy sounds and smells of the other three women finger fucking each other while they watched our three-way incest show heightened my own arousal, as I'm sure it did mom. Alice, I dare say, was so fried by now that she hardly knew what was going on.

After munching on sis's panties for a bit, mom pulled them down off her youngest daughter's legs while licking her now exposed slit just enough to get sis's hot girl goo all over her mouth and tongue. Then she stood up and pulled sis's face away from my face-fucking tongue and made her sniff her own panties.

"Now kiss mommy," I said, "and taste your own hot cunt on mommy's mouth." I continued to fondle sis all over while she and mom made out.

"Did you like it when mommy munched your hot mound through your panties?" Mom asked sis after breaking off the kiss.

"Y-y-y-yes, mommy."

"Did you like the taste of your own pussy on mommy's mouth?"

"Y-y-y-yes, mommy.


"Then get down there and do the same thing to your sister. Make your sister feel real good like mommy did you." Mom grabbed sis by her pigtails and squatting down again made sis squat down with her.

With sis squatting directly in front of my crotch, mom squatted directly behind sis so close that her body was pressed up against sis's back and her thighs, split out wide, enveloped sis's. Mom released Alice's pigtails and grabbed her hands. "Now sweety, stick your hands up your Alisa's skirt and play with her ass. She'll like it just as much as you did."

As soon as sis's hands were in place on my butt, and operating under their own control, mom let go, and then lifting my skirt with one hand, and with her other hand on the back of sis's head, she forced sis's face into my panty-covered cunt.

"See how wet you've already made your sister's cunt," mom whispered into sis's ear. "Now munch on her sopping wet panties like I did you, and make her feel real fucking good. That's it. That's a good girl." Seeing that sis was munching my soggy panties with enthusiasm mom fondled her youngest daughter's titties while whispering dirty talk into her ear. "It makes mommy so fucking hot to see her little sweeties play with each other like this. Ummmmmm, fuck yes."

Hearing mom talk dirty to sis like that while sis munched me and played with my ass drove me to new heights, as it did sis. I could tell how horny sis was by the increased urgency with which sis gobbled my creamy cunt through my panties.

Then, while mom continued to talk dirty to sis, sis rolled my panties down my leg and crammed her face into my exposed cunt. She licked and sucked while rubbing her nose on my clit.

"Ngggngngngngod, fuck, yes," I moaned.

"Ummmmm, yes, that's a good girl," mom said. Then she grabbed sis by her pigtails again and pulled her up. "Stand back up now and let mommy taste her other daughter's cunt on your mouth."

As soon as sis stood up mom mashed their faces together to eat out her mouth real nasty like while I fondled sis.

Then while mom and sis continued to face fuck each other I took my shirt and skirt off, and did the same for mom and sis.

As soon as all three of us were naked sis and I both dove into mom's tits and sucked off her throbbing nipples while she fondled us both, talked dirty to us, and fingered us.

Then mom and I turned on sis. I stood behind her with my arms around her body to fondle her tits while French kissing her. At the same time I fucked my throbbing clit into sis's ass while mom squatted down and crammed her face into sis's cunt while wrapping her arms around the two of us to fondle my ass.

The three women on the other couch were finger-fucking each other with ever greater urgency and the tangy, tart aroma of hot cunt, theirs and ours, filled the room making all of us more and more sex mad with each passing second.

Holding sis as I was, I could feel the sensations of pleasure ripple all through her body. Sis was so fried by this time that it didn't take her long to shudder and tremble her way to an orgasm.

While I continued to hold sis up whose knees had buckled with her orgasm, mom stood up to kiss her. "Come on, sweety, taste your cunt on mommy's face," mommy said.

Then as sis ate out mom's face, I joined in for a three way kiss relishing the tangy taste of sis's cunt on mom's mouth. Mom and I could both feel sis getting turned on again. Mom looked at me and winked, then said to sis, "Did you like what mommy just did to you?"

"Oh, yes. That felt so good."

"Then, would you like to make your sister feel just as good as I did you?"

"Sure." Then, just to show she meant business sis gave my lips a nice big lick with her tongue.

"Alisa?" Mom said, "why don't you lie down on the floor now?"

I quickly did as mom asked. Laying on my back I pulled my feet up a little to make my knees bend, and spread my legs.

"Okay, Alice," mom said, "now get down there and show mommy you know what to do to make your sister feel real good."

Alice got down on her knees and sticking her face between my knees she began at first just kissing and licking the insides of my thighs. And this just drove me wild. I mean, my brain was already so fried from all the sex going on today that I just wanted her to ram her face up my cunt and make me cum right now!

But she lingered, kissing her way to my crotch so ever-fucking slow and making me squirm in mind-boggling horniness. Then to make matters worse, mom stood directly over my face so that I was looking right up between her legs to her dripping pussy. And she played with her tits and her cunt while watching her youngest daughter drive her oldest daughter crazy while I fondled her legs.

"That's it, sweety," mom said to Alice. "Drive your sister crazy. See how she's squirming. She wants you to make her cum so bad."

Finally sis found her way to my pussy and began licking my lips while rubbing her nose on my throbbing button.

Then mom squatted down on me sitting on my face. So sex-crazed was I that I grabbed her by the hips and forced her cunt into my mouth. So, as sis was eating me out, I ate mom out.

By this time Wendell had rested enough that he had grown hard again from watching the three of us have mother-daughter sex. He came up behind sis and began fucking her doggie style while she ate me and I ate mom.

Janet then joined in. She straddled sis, standing with one foot on either side of her and bent over to rub her tits all over sis's back while wrapping her arms around sis to fondle her tits. This contortion thrust her ass in the air practically in her son's face. So, now, while Wendel fucked sis, he stuck his nose up under his mom's ass and licked her pussy.

No longer content with watching either, Gretchen came over and straddling my body pressed her cunt up close to mom. Mom quickly obliged by grabbing Gretchen's ass and mashing her face into her pussy so she was eating out Gretchen while sitting on my face and letting me eat her out.

At the same time Gretchen's daughter Suzie came over and stood on the couch directly behind mom so as to present her horny pussy to her own mom. Gretchen responded by grabbing her daughter's ass and leaning forward to lick her daughter's cunt while our mom ate her out.

This was so freaking mind-blowing. A seven-way fuck. Wendell was fucking sis while eating his own mom out while his mom fondled sis and rubbed her tits on her back, while sis ate me out while I ate mom out while mom ate Gretchen out while Gretchen ate her own daughter out. Everybody was getting something, either a tongue or a cock.

The moans of pleasure from seven throats filled the room.

Groans of "Ohhhh, fuck, yesssssss!" Escaped the mouths of Janet and Suzie, the only two mouths not eating pussy.

The moans and groans got louder and louder, and everybody was gyrating and twisting their bodies in pleasure. And, then, pretty soon everybody was shuddering and trembling in orgasm. Wendell pulled his cock out of sis and squirted his load all over her ass, getting some on his mom as well.

By then we were all too fried and sex-crazed to want to stop, so after licking Wendall's cum off of sis and Janet, we switched positions and started in again. By the time we all collapsed in exhaustion several hours later every one had eaten everyone else at least once, and every pussy had been fucked by Wendell at least once.

Later, as we drove home with Alice in the middle, Alice said, "I am totally freakin' amazed." She placed her hands on mom and my thighs. "I've never been so fuckin' hot in my life as I was this night."

"I'm glad you liked it sweety." Mom patted Alice on the thigh. "Alisa and I were a little bit worried at first."

"Worried about what?"

"Worried that you might be turned off, or frightened once you found out that we had tricked you into attending an incest party."

"Well," Alice laughed. "I might have been grossed out had you told me up front what was going to happen, but I'm glad you didn't. You did it just right. Now, I'm getting hot just thinking about it. Like when can we do it again?"

"Well," I said also patting Alice on the thigh, "Janet plans to have an incest party every Saturday evening. So, I think you'll soon get your wish."

And so, our family became a happy three-some. We continued to enjoy mother-daughter sex with just the three of us during the week, and on weekends joined Janet and her son for her larger incest parties.