My Dad's Wife
bySudipta©

Hi everybody!

My name is Dipa. I am from India. This is the story of how I became new wife of my Dad and mother of his baby.

Mom died when I was just admitted in college 1st year. One day I came home from my college that day in late December and found Dad sitting in the living room looking like his world had collapsed. When I asked what was wrong, he said nothing. I knew that he attended one marriage ceremony (one of his friend who is hardly two years junior to him) yesterday night. I had suspected that something was going on.

I didn't want to leave Dad all alone - he had taken it real hard when Mom died. They had been married for over 19 years when she died. I had hoped Christmas would cheer things up, but it turned into a real 'downer' for us both. Dad's only 36 ( He got married at the age of 17 only & then my mother was only 15 years old) and a nice looking guy. He's about 5'11" and 153 lbs. or so, in good shape. I told him to get a date - go out and celebrate New Years - live it up a little. He was single again.

On New Year's eve I bought a large bottles of whiskey . I was determined to liven things up. I never drink, even wine, so I didn't realize how much whiskey I had purchased for just two people. That evening after a late dinner, I went upstairs and showered. I guess subconsciously I may have wanted to turn Dad on. I remember admiring myself in the mirror. At 5'2" and a 34-28-35 figure, I thought I looked pretty good ( most probably better than his friends wife who got married few days back). I put on my saree (Indian dress) and went downstairs to welcome in the New Year with Dad.

He was sitting on the sofa with his stocking feet up on the coffee table watching the TV - it was 10:30, so we had an hour and a half before the ball dropped.

"Happy New Year! Let's do a little celebrating!" I poured the whiskey in the glasses, and gave one to him. He was not ready to drink initially. But I told him, "Dad, you are my only friend and after the death of my mother. I do not go out too with my friends just for you now can't you have beer with me. Dad, don't break my heart, please Dad" I made him emotional. He got up smilingly and got the whiskey with some roasted Chicken in a plate. but later on he started sipping it up.

After one glass he said that he wouldn't take another glass. But I said, "Please Dad, you are my only friend, Please have one more." Slowly and surely she started becoming emotional and put one of his arm around my shoulder and while sipping the whiskey. In the next hour we finished the bottle. I know he was more relaxed and loose than he had been all year. I was definitely beginning to feel the drink.

I turned the overhead lights off. It was so warm that I loose my saree (Indian dress) and sat back down, cuddling up to him as he put his arm around me. My left hand was resting lightly on top his thigh. We talked freely each other. Then I asked him why he feels so sad. I am doing all the jobs what my mother used to do. Is there anything left. When a nice slow song came on, I pulled him up and said, "Let's dance. Dance with me - it's New Year's Eve." At first he said no but I insisted and he gave in.

I finally got him to hold me close and dance the way you're suppose to on a slow dance. When I pulled him even closer and laid my head on his shoulder I found out why he had been holding me off - he had an erection, a big one. I could feel it pressing against my abdomen. It may have been all the champagne, but when I realized what was pressing against me, I felt a sudden rush of warmth in my pubic area and felt my pussy becoming moist. He tried to pull away but I held him tighter and pressed against him, enjoying the feel of his hard erection against me and the knowledge that I was causing it.

At that moment, I noticed on the TV. I whispered, "Daddy, it's the New Year." I wrapped my arms around his neck and kissed him. As we kissed I parted my lips and gently probed his closed lips with my tongue. Just when I thought he wasn't going to respond he hugged me tightly and opened his lips. I thrust my tongue as deep into his mouth as I could and pressed my hips against him, grinding my pelvis against his hard prick. Dad kissed me back, thrusting his tongue into my mouth, playing with my tongue. I could feel my pussy beginning to react, becoming wet, aching to be touched.

Finally we broke the kiss, both of us breathing heavily. He looked at me and said, "Dipa, we can't...we shouldn't be doing this. It isn't right."

I just continued to hold him tight and told him, "Daddy, I'm not some kid you're taking advantage of... I'll be twenty after few months... I'm a grown woman. I know what we're doing, and I know what I want...I want you." I pulled his lips to mine and kissed him as deeply as I could.Taking his hand, I guided it up at my top and placed it on my breast over my saree. I moaned softly as his hand massaged my breast, rubbing it against the palm of his hand. I had never felt such an intense sensation in my vulva and my vagina before as I pressed against him - an ache, a deep desire, to feel him touch me - to feel him in me.

He was really tensed at that time. He pulled my saree (Indian dress) from my body and thrown it on the floor. Then he started pulling my petticoat. He pressed my legs with his legs and could feel the heat from my cunt it was now stark naked as I had no panty underneath. Then He started to undo my blouse and the bra and got hold of my blouse. He tore my blouse and thrown it on the floor, now I was left only in the bra. He got hold of it and unhooked it from my back. And threw it on the floor and now I was completely naked beneath him.

I fumbled with his trouser letting them fall around his ankles. I pushed his briefs down freeing his cock. Taking his warm hard cock in my hand, I was amazed at its size. Now I took hold of his 9 inches cock in my hand and exclaimed, "Oh it's a monster, too big ". Dad isn't a large man physically,but his rigid fully erect cock was too big. Living together over the years I had seen Dad naked before, but never with an erection. And grasping his prick in my hand, I kissed it, licking its large plump head gently and then slipped it between my lips deep into my mouth. I heard Dad moan and felt him grip my head as he began to slowly pump his prick into my mouth, fucking it gently like it was a pussy with a tongue in it caressing his large prick.

He was being careful not push himself too deep into throat, but I wanted it even deeper. I pushed forward feeling the large head pressing against my throat...I paused, let my self relax, and felt the large head of his prick slip down into my throat. God, it was tight. Daddy moaned, "Oh dammit Dipa, if you keep on I'm going to cum."

I had to slip my mouth back off his prick...I couldn't hold it in my throat very long. I looked up at him and told him, "I want you to cum. I want to you to cum in my mouth. Fuck my mouth...fuck it like it's a pussy."

I looked at his prick and there was a large drop of pre-cum getting ready to drip from it...I quickly caught it with my tongue. I was surprised at how sweet it tasted. I put my hands behind his thighs and pulled him to me taking his rigid prick deep into my mouth. Dad held my head between his hands and began to stroke his prick into my mouth. After a minute or so I felt his legs tremble. I sucked even harder, and moving one hand to his large sac, began to gently squeeze and massage his balls. With a loud groan he pushed his prick deep into my throat and literally erupted. I was startled by the force of the first shot of cum that hit the back of my throat...then he flooded my mouth with spurt after spurt of hot cum. He must have had a year's worth of passion pent up in him waiting to be released. I could feel his cum dripping from my chin and getting on my breasts as I swallowed trying to keep up with the torrent of cum I had released from him.

After a minute or so, he gripped me under my arms and lifted me to my feet. He kissed me and then pushed me gently down on the sofa. Leaning over me he kissed me, tasting his own cum still on my lips and tongue. He whispered, "Dipa, that was wonderful... really wonderful. Now I'm going to do it for you." He pinched the nipple and I groaned and said, "Suck your daughter's nipples, you dog, suck it." Now he obeyed me and started sucking my nipples one by one till it became more than half inch.

It was standing erect with his suck. I was sitting on the sofa reclining backward, my ass on the front edge of the seat. Naked, Dad sat down on the floor between my legs. He placed a hand under each of my thighs and lifted them and spread them wide. He whispered to me, "Hold your legs...spread them wide open for me." I wrapped my arms around my legs just above my knees and held them there, almost back to my breasts. I was totally exposed to him - I had never felt this exposed even in the stirrups at the doctor's office - I almost climaxed when I felt his breath on the swollen lips of my pussy.

When he sucked the folds of my pussy lips into his mouth and probed my pussy with his tongue, He sucked her furiously and tasting and teasing my clitoris. I was moaning, "aaaaaaaaaah...aaauchh...uhhhhhh... suck me dad suck my ass too, you ass sucker... he started sucking my ass to even he placed one finger in my ass. I did climax, so suddenly I almost lost my grip on my legs as I felt the intense sensation in my body and in my cunt. He felt my body shudder with my orgasm and slowed down.

He would just lick up through the swollen lips and lightly touch my clit with the tip of his tongue. He kept this up until I could no longer stand it and I finally moaned, "OH Daddy...Daddy, I want you. I want you now...I want to feel you in me." My vagina started twitching his mouth. I was too hot now pumping my hips vigorously. I was going to give him my cunt milk for the first time in my life and he wanted to swallow it fully.

He sucked me hard. I groaned, "Aaaaaah soooon I am cummmming in your mouth, ahhha it feels soooooo gooood...". I arched my legs and started shooting my load of cum in his mouth he gulped it all and loved it in his mouth. He became a dog and sucked every drop of it. I looked happy now. "I love you my darling, " I said to him while kissing him on his lips and sucking his mouth. Now he did not feel ashamed.

We stretched out on the couch with him between my legs. I reached down, took his hard prick, rubbed its head against my dripping pussy and placed its head between the lips of my wet pussy - I was so wet I was sure that I had to be getting my juices all over the sofa. I told him to put a pillow under my hips so that he can insert it properly in my cunt without hurting me. He obeyed me. He pulled a pillow and put it beneath my hips.

Now he could see my cunt completely. He rubbed his cock to my pussy again and tried to insert it in my hole but its' size was too big and my hole was too tight and virgin. I put my legs wide apart so that he can insert his cock in it but of no use.

Then he stood up and got the oil bottle and rubbed it on his dick and some on my cunt entrance. Now he was able to insert some of his cock in my cunt hole and he started pushing it in slowly while I gasped and cried, "Oh no! It is too big and fat leave me, leave me..."

But he also enjoyed this act too. Now he was furious as I started to resist him again. He thrust it with full power in my cunt and I cried, "Uhhhh Ohhh mother! Stop this." But now he grabbed my shoulders with his hands and started to pump his cock in and out. He was pumping furiously and I was crying, "For god's sake leave me out, go away."

He told me, "Wait Dipa you will enjoy it after a while." He started pumping it in and out slowly and steadily now and I gasped and moaned, "OOOOOOOHHHHHHH... AAAAHHHHHHHHAAAAA...FUCK ME.... TORE MY CUNT....., INVADE ME, RAPE ME... OOOOHHHHH MOM..." I giggled and moaned heavily now. He was also moaning heavily. He speeded up his thrusts and I also moved my hips up and down. Our bodies were burning like fire now. Both of us were creating a strange sound. Dad started to fuck me with long strokes, drawing his prick almost out of my pussy and then thrusting back down into me.

Each time he bottomed out I could feel the head of his prick pushing into my cervix. I wrapped my legs around his thighs and gripped the cheeks of his butt in my hands and pulled him into me as I pushed my hips up to meet the downward thrusts of his hard prick. I had never felt anything so big or so deep in me. I could feel my pussy lips stretching as he pulled his prick back and my body aching, anticipating the feel of it plunging back into the depths of my throbbing pussy.

I felt Dad change the angle of his thrusts slightly, causing the top of his prick to rub against my clitoris, trapping my clit between our pubic bones when he thrust deep into my pussy. As the head of his prick slipped into me, Dad buried it all way in my aching cunt - I felt the head of his prick pushing against my cervix, the neck of my uterus, and I climaxed again, even more intense than before.

I moaned, "Oh My God... Oh Daddy. I didn't know... it's never felt so good. OH GOD, don't stop. Fuck me... That's it fuck me hard." I could feel his thrusting speed up as the tension in my body kept building higher and higher, pushing me closer to the edge of a climax. He buried his prick even deeper into me, groaned and held it there.

When I felt his prick throbbing, pouring his cum deep into me, I was pushed over that crest and I felt the spasms in my pussy around his throbbing prick as my climax swept over me. Dad slowly stroked his prick in and out my drenched pussy, milking the last bit of cum from his prick. I was soaked. I could feel his cum and my pussy juices running down the cheeks of my ass as he stroked his prick into me.

"Oh Daddy," I moaned softly, "I didn't know it could be this good. Lord, I feel so good right now...so satisfied." I kissed him gently and just held him in my arms atop me, his prick still buried deep in my pussy. I had never felt more sensual and, it may sound odd, more beautiful than I did at that moment. I said while gasping and moaning, "Now I will become your child's mother, now you are my husband. We will start our new life."

We lay there and talked for about 30 minutes and then made love again. We went to bed after that but not to sleep. We made love twice more that night. Dad said I was making him feel like a 20-year-old. After that I became his wife and we used to sleep together in the same bed. But when I became pregnant we both decided to move on to another city so that nobody can know who is my child's father. We both know it. We shifted (As because Dad took transfer to Mumbai, he is a bank Branch Manager) to Mumbai in the same year so that nobody knows anything about our relationship. Now our son Partha is 3 years old and studying in KG class. We are happy and enjoying fully in our married life.


The next day evening after that eventful night I got dressed beautifully in a very nice red colored saree and like a wife awaiting my husband's (father's) return from work. I put sindur on my head, mangalsutra on my neck and a red bindia on my fore head. I looked like a the newly-wed bride. At 9 pm my was I husband (father) returned home from work. He looked too tired. I opened the door for him and as soon as he looked at me he was shocked initially to see me that way and within a second he became cheerful. I told him to wash his hands and face and get ready for dinner. In dinner table we gossiped on several issues and took almost half an hour time to complete our dinner then I went to the kitchen cleaning up from dinner. By that time he went to our Bed room. Normally the newly-wed brides in India enter the bed room with a glass of milk. As per that custom I too entered closed the bedroom door, came to him and handed to glass of milk. He took it politely and drank the milk. "So, do you have any plans on how we should spend the rest of the night?" I asked, jokingly as I took in the scene.

As he tried to order his thoughts I came up to him and put my arms around his neck. Drawing his face down to me I kissed him open-mouthed and pressed myself against him. Feeling the softness of my big body, so like his wife's, he threw caution to the winds and returned my kiss, sucking my tongue as it snaked its way between his lips.

He smiled as he looked me up and down and said, " Why don't you strip for me and show me what you're hiding in this bed light?"

I pulled my nighty over my head and tossed it onto the floor. He whistled when he saw my huge, soft 34C boobs in my bra. The inside of each big tit was visible, forming a deep cleavage that plunged into my bra was again rubbing his thumb into my breasts. It liked the way the nipples were so hard! Like buttons at the end of my tits. I then unlashed my petticoat and pushed them down over my hips. I let them fall to my ankles and kicked them to the side. I stood there in front of my husband wearing only my bra and panties.

I reached behind me and unfastened my bra. I shrugged my shoulders forward and took off my bra, tossing it to the floor. his eyes went wide when he saw my breasts bouncing within their bra cups. He became more excited when he saw my big overflowing boobs released from my bra, taking no heed of my boobs doing a sexy disco dance. He licked his lips and stroked his cock as he stared at my large, erect nipples standing out before him. He slipped one arm around my back so I couldn't pull away and with the other hand he cupped my breast and began to slowly massage it. I was so excited, so overpowered, that for several seconds I allowed him to molest me. His thumb and forefinger caught my nipple and rolled it into hardness. Then he pumped my breasts, and squeezed them together with an intensity that was on the borderline of pleasure and pain.

I then hooked my thumbs in my panties and pulled them down over my hips. I let them fall to my ankles and kicked them over with my petticoat. He grinned wide when he saw my tight, shaved pussy (which I did for him only today afternoon).

As I stepped closer to the bed, he sat up and putting his hands on my hips pulled me closer to him. My big titties were hanging right in his face. He reached up and massaging and squeezed my soft breasts with his big strong hands. I couldn't help but groan with pleasure when he rubbed and pinched my big, erect nipples.

He looked up at me and said, "Hey, darling. Remember the last night I did this?" Then, he pulled one of my nipples to his mouth and licked it hard. His other hand slid around my back and to my full ass. As he sucked my nipple into his mouth, he squeezed and gripped my round ass cheek. He closed his eyes as his other hand moved around to squeeze both of my ass cheeks. I wrapped my arms around his neck and ran my fingers through his hair as his mouth devoured my soft tit flesh. I tingled up and down my spine as my husband's (father's)big hands roughly squeezed my ass, spreading the cheeks apart and pulling me into him.

He took my nipple out of his mouth and looked up at me. "Now for the real test. " He smiled up at me as he moved one hand around to my crotch and rubbed his fingers over my shaved mound. "Nice and smooth. I don't even want to know why you shaved your pussy. I just like it. " I instantly sucked in air as I felt him slide one finger up and down my tight, wet slit. I groaned loudly as I felt him push his finger into my little, hole. My muscles began to flutter and pull on his finger as he slowly pumped it in and out of my hot pussy. "Shit darling. You've got a tight little pussy. And it's so wet. You must be itching for some sex. "

He stood up and pulled his finger out of my slit. He turned me around and sat me on the edge of the bed. Pushing me back to lay on the bed. He then knelt beside the bed between my spread legs. Pushing my thighs farther apart, he leaned in and licked his tongue up and down my lips. I closed my eyes and moaned out. My hands went to the back of his head as he pushed his tongue into my slit, licking the very entrance to my pussy. I felt my thighs twitch as his mouth found my hard clit and sucked. My back arched and writhed on the bed as he made love to my pussy with his mouth. I had never before felt such a complete pleasure as that.

As his mouth and tongue worked over my clit, he stuck one finger back inside my tight wet slit and pumped it in and out. I panted and gasped as I felt my pussy begin to twitch. My thighs trembled and shook as I groaned out, "Oh yes, Mmmmm. God, this feels good. Oh please, don't stop. Keep eating me. Keep eating my pussy. " He reached up and squeezed my big tit and pinched my nipple hard. The thrill of it drove me over the edge and I came hard. I felt my pussy convulse and gush as he sucked my clit and quickly pumped his finger in and out of my hot, tight hole.

After my orgasm had subsided and I felt the last flutter of my pussy, I lay on the bed panting and dazed with my eyes closed. I was collapsed and completely spread out on the bed. My spread legs hung over the side of the bed. My big titties were spread out across my chest. And even my arms were spread out on the mattress. I was as sexually fulfilled as I had ever been in my life.

He stood up and said, "I'm glad you liked that. But, look at what I've got. " I opened my eyes and saw him standing beside the bed between my legs. His cock was completely hard again and standing out to it's full thickness and 9 inch length. His heavy balls hung between his legs and looked as if they were full of sperm again. He bent over and put his hands under my arms and pushed me further up into the middle of the bed.

I watched him as he climbed on top of me. I felt his big, hard cock against my thigh as his muscular body lay between my spread legs. As he held himself up on his hands, the muscles of his strong chest and broad shoulders flexed. I ran my hands over his chest and shoulders, loving the feel of his hard flesh against my hands. He reached down between us and aimed his swollen cock head against my wet slit. I gasped out loud as I felt him push his thick cock head into my tight hole.

My eyes closed and I moaned loudly as he slowly pushed his big, thick cock all the way into my hot, tight pussy. My hands slid down to his strong ass as he pushed his cock into me.

He took his massive tool and pressed the plum sized head against my hot, tight hole. Inside I was dry, but outside was covered in sweat. He used external lubrication as he shoved his cockhead against my slit and forced the lips in and back.

"Ohhhhhhwwww," I wailed.

He shoved harder and watched his cockhead slowly sink into the tight hole, watched my slit part, the lips surround his shaft as his head disappeared into my body.

My little cunt lips were spread wide apart, close to splitting, as the massive head pushed it's way into me. I felt as though my pussy couldn't open any more, then cried as it was spread further apart.

He shoved harder, and I cried out in pain as his cock jabbed into me. I was breathing heavily. I tried to look up at the ceiling, to ignore what was going on, but it didn't work. I gasped in pain each time he thrust forward, each time he forced his cock another inch into my deeper.

Then I realised that yesterday though he breaks my hymen but he didn't enter to me fully. I whimpered I'm misery and looked up, hoping for some kind of mercy.

I screamed as he lunged forward, slamming his cock through my cunt, ripping my cunt open as he fell forward a top my slender body.

I sobbed and moaned and panted for breath as his cock was slowly forced all the way up my cunt pipe to the very end.

He grunted and jerked his hips up and down. His cock tool jammed and twisted in my fuck opening, jerking back and forth, thrusting deeper with each passing second.

He threw his hips forward and I cried out in shock as his cock drove deep into my belly. I could feel his cockhead way up inside her, mashing against my cervix, and my elastic cunt walls were forced wide apart by his throbbing member.

I felt his thick cock deep inside me, and my guts shook at the forceful penetration. My pussy felt bloated and strained. I cried out as he thrust in sharply, and his cock pushed in even deeper, hitting something way up inside mine, and going through, his cock growing even longer and thicker within me.

He drove his cock in to the balls, twisting it around in the pussy pipe, rubbing his loins against my splayed thighs, and against my pussy mound.

He kissed me, shoving his tongue into my mouth.

"Yeaaaahh.. " He sighed, "There's nothing better than a tight pussy like this wrapped my cock. You're so tight!"

He began to fuck, using short strokes at first, grunting as my tight pussy involuntarily squeezed his hard prong. Then working up speed and distance until he was fucking me with long, deep, violent strokes.

He slid his lips over my left nipple, sucking and biting at the hard little button. His cock pumped hard inside me, jerking in and out, tearing my cunt apart as he enjoyed my soft, young body. I could feel today also blood seeping down my legs.

" I grunted in pain each time his weight slammed down against mine. His cock was tearing in and out of my just opened pussy tunnel in wild, uneven movements, twisting around inside my belly, punching upwards into my guts again and again as he raped my hole.

I could feel every ridge, every vein, every hair on his cock as it pumped up and down in my pussy tube, could feel me soft, elastic flesh forced wide open, as his cock thrust in, could feel it straining around the thickness of the prick, then could feel it closing as his cock retreated up my tunnel again.

Again and again his big cock plunged to the bottom of my aching pussy tunnel, as he made use of my soft, nubile, eighteen year old body.

He continued to growl and grunt like an animal, his hips grinding into me as his prick pumped inside my lower belly.

I was being skewered but good, his cock plunging up and down on my cunt box like he was churning butter on high speed.

My cunt was now burning, I was being so utterly pounded that my overwhelmed, blasted mind just wanted it to end. But it didn't, he continued to hammer down into me, his cock slicing back and forth between my taunt cunt lips as he drove his cockhead deep into my body with each stroke.

I cooed. "Nice deep long strokes. I'll grip you with my pussy. Mmmmm, can you feel that? Can you feel me tightening around your thick cock? That's it... mmmmm... deeper... deeper... now fuck me.. Harder... harder... faster... faster... yes.. oh yes... AAAAARRRRGGGHHHHHHHHH YESSSSSSSSSSS. "

His hands holding me in position easily as he hammered his hips back and forth, using his strength and muscles to tear his cock shaft in and out of my tight, little fuck opening.

His fuck pole continued to hammer into my slit with relentless stamina and vigour.

"I pump you full of cum. I spurt it hot and hard up your sweet little cunt. " He grunted gazing down into my pretty black eyes. " Are you ready for a cuntful of steaming hot cum?"

"Yeah! Oh yeah! Here it comes! " He grunted, and he began to lunge up and down violently on top of my, fucking his cock to the hilt inside me. His ass pumping up and down madly.

My moaning got louder. "Please cum inside me, I'm ovulating right now". I explained to him. This only set him over the edge and exploded his hot cum deep into my unprotected womb. He kept pumping, unloading more and more cum inside me.

My insides were suddenly flooded with cum, wet and dripping with squirming hot cream.

He was pulling back his cock, drawing out till only his cock-tip remained inside me. But then he lunged back in deep, and another monstrous bolt of cum spat free. The steamy hot liquid clogged my nineteen year old cunny, filling it to overflowing. I felt as though a hose had been shoved up my cunt and turned on. "Feel it? Feel the hot cum shooting up your young cunt?" He hissed. As he spoke another jet of jism fired off up my cunt. Silver jizz was pouring out from my pussy and dribbling down into the crack of my ass. His thick prick was greased and dripping with cum.

He continued to fuck in and out of me, spurting one, two, three more times up my already clogged pussy. My crotch felt slimy with his creamy goo. It was drained down as far as my asshole. Even my thighs felt wet and sticky.

I'll get pregnant! " last two days he explored inside me several times.

"I dumped a real load up there," He said, a smile on his face as he looked into my eyes. " He withdrew his cock from my torn and bleeding pussy. It was over... My pussy lips were raw and swollen, my body bruised and battered, and his seed had filled my womb.

As a result I really became pregnant. His semen had taken shape in my womb and Partha born. Now Partha is 3 years old and I am now interested to take second baby. In our four years of marriage my husband fucked all my holes ( I will describe that in my next story), at the same time he screwed me regularly, at least once in a day, except those days when I went to hospital for my first labor. We are really happy in our married life as well as our sex life. When I used to go out with my son & husband for attending party or in any occasion none can suspect anything, because of my fully developed body. I looked aged compare to my original age. Now I have many girlfriends ( they are my husband's colleague or their wives) in Mumbai. They knows the age difference between us is only 9-10 years.


Still I remembered that great night. Then I was 3 months pregnant. I was in the kitchen cleaning up from dinner. Over the running water and clanking dishes. At that time my husband (some days before I used to call him father) turning pages in the book he was reading. It had been a nice night and then made a wonderful dinner. I began to tune out the music and replay the night's mellow conversations in my head. We had discussed the house we were looking at buying, the garden I wanted to plant when we moved, a trip to visit countryside that we had been meaning to plan for ages, etc.

I was brought out of my thoughts by the feel of his arms going around my waist. He kissed the back of my neck and said, "I can do the rest of these in the morning. I would much rather have your company in the living room."

How could I refuse? I shut off the water and let him lead me into the other room. "So, do you have any plans on how we should spend the rest of the evening?" I asked, jokingly as I took in the scene.

"Shhhhh" He said, and began to kiss and nibble on the back of my neck. "I'm all yours now" I whispered gently to him as he caught my lips and kissed them gently. His hands molded my face as the kiss got deeper and more intense. I could feel his hard body pressed tight against mine and my legs were already starting to get weak from the kiss. His hands started to go around my body and he gently pulled on the Shari of my body. In a second, he got me out of the dress and there I stood in my lacy bra and panties longing for his touch all over me.

He continued to kiss me with a tremendous urgency. The vanilla tones in my perfume invaded his head and my kisses became vanilla flavored. Our tongues swirled in an intricate dance between each other's mouths. He broke the kiss slightly only to have my tongue snake from between my lips to flick at his lips. I had wrapped my fingers into his hair and was slowly drawing his hair between my fingers. His hands were busy exploring my body. He leaned back into the bed and I was lying across him. He had full access to my breasts over my sharee. I was breathing rapid as his hands enclosed the softness of my breasts. I looked at him and gently kissed him on the lips while he slowly squeezed the fullness.

I went to him, turned around and held up my hair so he could undo it. With as much grace as I could muster, I slid it off over my head, carefully folded it and placed it on the chair with his coat. When I turned around I could see that he hadn't moved at all. His eyes had grown larger and so had the lump in his trousers. He just stood there as I busied myself undoing his tie. I put my arms around his neck and kissed him with an open mouth that invited his tongue. He began to help by unbuttoning his shirt. When I finished with his trousers rope, with a quick motion, I pulled down his trousers and his shorts.

I was on my knees, facing the biggest cock. It became as big around as my wrist. It was so big that even fully erect it couldn't support itself and was hanging at a 45 degree angle. I was completely overwhelmed by its presence. I cupped it in my hands and gave it a kiss on the helmet. I tried to put it in my mouth but the best I could do was to get the head and just a little of the shaft.

Although he was basically nude, putting his hands on my shoulders, he raised me to a standing position, turned me around and began to remove my bra. I removed my panties.

He lay on the bed and asked me to sit on his face, looking towards the head of the bed, away from his cock. He had a magic tongue and he used it like a magician, swirling, probing, licking and plunging. With one hand he was massaging my breasts and tweaking my nipples. Although I couldn't see it, I knew that the other hand was doing the same to his cock.

Reluctantly, I slid off his face and backwards down his chest until I encountered the object of my concern.

I was held his massive cock in my hand . I kissed it, licking its large red head gently and then put his huge cock between my breasts (usual size 34D but now it became almost 36 due to pregnancy) . He pushed his dick up to my face. Stroking my face with his penis, he demanded my tongue at his dick head. I also felt happy to oblige and opened my mouth widely while he shoved his huge cock near to my mouth. He began to slowly pump his prick into my breasts, fucking it gently like it is a pussy. I lightly slid my tongue across his pulsating cock head.

Thick pre cum ooze was leaking out the dick. I quickly caught it with my tongue.

With a loud groan he pumped his prick into my breasts at a faster rate. I startled by the force of the first shot of cum that hit my face...then he flood my face with spurt after spurt of hot cum. He must have had a month's worth of passion pent up in him waiting to be released. I felt your cum dripping from my chin and getting on my breasts.

He was hot once again. I could feel this as his fingers working in and out in my vagina and asshole. Suddenly he left my cunt and asshole and try something else. He got up and started sucking and kissing my body. This time he started it from my toes. I loved it all and I started rubbing my fingers on my cunt. After sucking my toes and cleaning them he went upward and started licking my legs. Oh god it was great. His lips were meeting my exquisite legs as he was sucking them. His tongue was sliding on my legs as if they were made of marble. I tried not to look, but my eyes caught a glimpse of his large semi erect cock. Cock was pulsating wildly as my finger-fucked my pregnant pussy. "OOOOHHHHHHH, yes!!!" I grunted. I began to jerk his large cock with both of my hands, as he fingered me. He watched as my pregnant belly jiggled as I thrust against his hand. He began kissing below my large breasts, and I felt his tongue as it slowly licked across my swollen belly. "Oh, God" I moaned. He licked my pregnant belly softly kissing every inch as he worked his way between my spread legs.

With his left hand still on my breast he reached down in front of me with his right hand and found my moist cunt. He placed his finger in and went up on my clit and began to rub it gently. Up and down, around, and from side to side, ever so lightly. He found that special place again in deeper and rubbed me. In the meantime he began to slide his cock up and down between my ass checks. I asked. “Where are you planning to place that thing? In my ass?”

Oh my god! I thought, he had to be insane! There was no way that monster cock would go up my ass. He would split me wide apart.

"You can't do this!" I screamed, "You'll kill me!"

He grabbed me, pushing me to my knees on the bed and holding me tight, he got behind me. By this time he became mad.

"This isn't going to be easy," I cried and shook in terror, realizing the nightmare wasn't over and it was about to get worse.

He held my buttocks apart, separating them until they were squashed out like two balloons. He guided his prick at my opening until the thick, purple head of his monstrous pulsing cock was pushing against the small hole. His hands gripped my thighs and waist and pulled me back onto him, tearing at my tight, tender flesh as he jammed his staff into me until it stuck.

"Aaaaaaaauuuuuugh!" he screamed, feeling my skin give way to accommodate his giant organ. I felt like I would faint from the pain and I buried my face in my arms and closed my eyes!

He snickered and jammed his cock into my asshole, slowly forcing my wrinkled anal opening to part, forcing it to take his thick, knobby cock head.

The pain was excruciating as my little hole was forced wider and wider as his plum sized head spread it apart as it sank into me. I felt like my butt was being split apart and still the head spread her farther apart.

"Oh god! oh god! No! NOOooooo!"

My mind was overwhelmed with horror as I felt his organ forcing it's way into my rectum. One more fear started building in my mind that is now I am carrying our baby ( 3 months pregnant). Today's play may forced miscarriage. His massive tool was forced deeper and deeper into my anus.

Tears were streaming down my face and I could hardly catch my breath because of the agonizing pain. He pulled at my buttocks again, shoving further and further into my constricting channel. my tight wall of flesh gave way and he could feel it's tightness clamp around his throbbing prick. He stopped, so that he could adjust to the pressure, then jabbed into me again. He could see his erect shaft disappear between my firm, buttock cheeks.

My stomach ached and churned as he pulled his huge rod out almost to the end, then tore at my skin once more, as he rammed his hot, thick cock back into my tiny virgin anus. His testicles bounced against the back of my thighs, as he buried his manhood to the very hilt, so that my buttocks were flat against his hips.

I felt his hips against my skin and his round, hairy balls against the underside of my buttocks, his long cock was way up inside my asshole. The ideal sickened and horrified me that is about miscarriage . I could feel the hard nose of it pressing against my very stomach! It ached, cramps rippled through my guts as he twisted and jerked it around inside me.

I could feel the big male organ's movements inside me, could feel it sliding back and forth, up and down, in and out, spearing my bowels, pulverizing my guts around it.

His cock pumped harder and faster, and the pain mounted.

I knelt on the floor while a big male organ pumped inside my bowels, getting ready to spew out it's sperm, to fill my guts with it's sticky whiteness. My asshole felt ripped and torn, and I could feel the wetness of my own blood as it welled up around his rampaging member. He pushed his hands under my chest and squeezed my tiny, bruised boobs, his fingers digging into the abused nubbins.

He mashed his fingers into my tits and pulled me back against him. I continued to weep and moan as he slid his lips down on my throat and began to lick and suck on the nape of my neck.

I screamed in anguish as the sharp pain seared through my body. He savagely slapped at my upturned ass as he ripped upwards into my bowels. I burned both inside and out. He stoked the fire, fanning my ass with his hands while pumping fiercely into my torn and tattered hole as my head beat a rhythm upon the headboard and I sobbed uncontrollably into the tear-soaked pillow. Wave after wave of pain washed over me as he used me and my tightness to pleasure that fleshy, blood-engorged tool which I had worked so hard to build to the point where it would pleasure me.

Unable to struggle, I accepted his assault. As I grew accustomed to the pain, I attempted vainly to accommodate his intrusive, probing, thrusts. As the pain dulled, and eager to be rid of him, I pushed back and thrust with him in order to please him and finish him that I might finally be left alone. I was just getting used to his thick presence that's it... mmmmm... MMMMM, YES, I LOVE IT, DEEPER, AAAAAGGGHHHH

deeper... deeper... now fuck me.. Harder... harder... faster... faster... yes..oh yes...AAAAARRRRGGGHHHHHHHHH YESSSSSSSSSSS."

His hard cock inside my ass giving me all the pleasure I had been missing out on for so long! We both enjoyed that fuck more than I can tell.

He was excited because he was fucking his pregnant wife and I was excited because I was being fucked after going so long without it! "Ohh, God, that's feels so good." I moaned out. "Ohhhhhhhhhhhhhhh Ohhhhhhhhhhhhhhh" was the only response I made.

"OHH GOD DADDY FUCK YES OHHHHHHH GODDD MMMMM THAT FEELS SO FUCKING GOOD KEEP DOING IT TO ME DADDY I LOVE YOU TOO!"

He shuddered atop me and I knew he was finished. Curiously and unsuspectingly, this intrusive new experience was just starting to feel good to me so I slowly hunched my smooth, bare cheeks into his warm, furry crotch while softly and provocatively moaning. "Oooooohhhhhhhhhuuuuuuuuiiiiiiiieeeeeeeeee!" I took a couple deep breaths. Then again, "Ohhhhh, Ohhhhhh, Ahhhhhhhh, Yessssssss Ohhhhh, yesss Ohhhhhh. yessssss " Then my lips clamped again. I was an orgasm.

Thus encouraged, he humped slowly in response and breathed heavily into my ear.

He cried out, the sound muffled by my flesh, as his cock erupted. A massive flood of thick, hot jism jetted up into my round, rectal chamber, giving me a sperm enema.

'Oooh yes!" He gasped as he jerked and jerked into me, filling me, defiling me, punishing me. Endless wads of a steaming jizz load shot into my bowels. Ropey strings of cum that overflowed my anus and started to dribble out.

The things scared me, but being ass-fucked was finally beginning to feel good to me, so I wantonly grunted and moaned in assent to every dirty, perverted statement that was proffered to me. I wanted so badly to masturbate and vainly tried to clench the sheets and blankets into my dripping canny.

"I dumped a real load up there," He said, a smile on his face as he looked into my eyes. " He withdrew his cock from my torn and bleeding asshole. "you know I tried the same with your mother twenty years back, but she did not fulfill my thought. You did the same. With you I am more happy and satisfied". After all that is the aim of any wife to satisfy her husband. I able to do the same.


One day evening in last winter my husband ( 5 years back I used to call him Dad) came back from his office and informed me that he got transferred from Mumbai to Solapur ( a small town in Maharastra). I really felt bad hearing that news because we were quite comfortable and well established in Mumbai. Our son Partha was 4 years old and admitted in a well reputed school in Mumbai. Now we have to go a much small town and we did not have ideas about the facilities available, how will be the school standard? Actually I was planning to take second baby and regularly pinching my husband (Dad) for that. That transfer definitely force us to change all our future planning.

After some days during dinner my husband told me that three of his friends planned to go to Lonavalla along with their family ( without Kids) for outing for couple of days. They request him also to join with them. Now his consent totally depends on me. Actually I know all of them very well and their wives are very close to me. Then I asked him "where will we keep Partha (our son) these couple of days". Because we don't have relatives. He told me that we can keep him in Mr. Joshi's House. Because Mr. Joshi stayed in joint family and his mother surely take care about Partha. Five years back we launched in Mumbai and after that we did not got chance to go out. Then I agreed to go. Ultimately we had the chance to take a good vacation together, God knows we deserved it. We were so in love and had been hoping to do this for a long time.

On Saturday morning we started for Lonavalla, four families in two cars. In first car Mr. Joshi and his wife Madhu were with us and in second car carried Mr. Ali and his wife Sabina along with Mr. Garg and his wife Priya. They had booked a resort there. We arrived late morning, and unpacked before making our way down to the bank of the lake. Our chalet was perfect. An enormous picture window looked out onto the lake beyond our patio. The lounge area had two enormous sofas on opposite sides of a coffee table. There was a dining area, kitchen area and an enormous bathroom with a huge Jacuzzi. Everything was decorated tastefully in soft pastels and natural colors. Through the last couple of years we were together, of course, the standard suggestive conversations, flirtatious innuendos, and gentle teasing that goes along with any close friendship.

It was a fairly long drive to the estate but once we were there it was all that we could have hoped. We had made our breakfast then we entered our stipulated room to get fresh. All four girls were dressed pure indian style that means Salware kamiz off course swimming costume were inside as because we planned to swim. Boys were their T- shirt and shorts. We saw a stream we came to was fairly large . It had a pool also. We stopped there . Suddenly Sabina made the comment that she wished swim & she had her swimsuit. We looked at each other and all got a gleam in our eyes. Initially boys stood up and took off our shirt and then our shorts. We the girls started laughing and giggling. By that time they jumped in one after another. We went back to our collage days at that time. Then we also started undressed ourselves as an when boys saw us with swimming suit they started teasing us. All of us have very saxy figures though we became mother but we did able to kept our figures attractive and curvy. We played for a pretty long time and then finally got out and sat on the smooth rocks on the side of the pond to dry. We were all checking each other out without trying to be too obvious. At that time I felt little awkward because the colour of my swim suit was pink and due to water it became transparent. I noticed that my tits which are quite large, firm very, very sensitive became hard and pointed and the black circle became prominent through my wet swim suit. Suddenly during conversation I noticed that Ali Sahab sat just opposite to me and he is eating my lovely body & there was defiantly a sexual feeling in the air. I sat down such that my legs were spread a little, legs looked good, slender and well toned, tapering nicely to bare feet and Ali Sahab became amazed seeing that my inner lips were large enough to peak out of my outer lips through my wet transparent swim suit , which I know and wanted to be observed by him because I also noticed that Ali Sahab has a large penis. Even semi flaccid it looked to be at least two inches longer than my husband. We gossip their some more time and by that time we became dry then we stood up and dressed properly to go back.

During that evening all of us joined together in the dining hall and started chatting to each other. Our sitting arrangement was such that all girls on one side and boys are on other side. We girls decided among ourselves to wore blue tight jeans with skin tight T-shirts. We were looking really gorgeous and attractive. As soon as boys saw us they started teasing. With different snacks we were taking whiskey and discussing about many realistic and non realistic matters among ourselves. We sat in comfortable sofa. During conversations Priya and Sabina joked about taking on new partners for a night. Suddenly Ali Sahab asked all of us "Do you think you could ever get up the courage to try something like that?" seeing towards me in a new light now, and it was difficult to take my eyes off him. As usual, I wore a tight fitting, red T Shirt that accentuated the curves of my breasts and a blue skin tight jeans pant. There was some slow, soulful music playing on the CD and Ali Sahab smiled at me as he handed us our drinks. It might have been the effect of whiskey. First few minutes all of us became quite then suddenly everybody shouted in joy and accepted that offer.

Suddenly Priya asked "what will be the procedure to choose new partner for tonight?" My husband said that it can be through lottery. He said girls should pick up their partners name out of three coupons ( excluding their hasband's named coupon ) and in India always ladies considered first that is why tonight also ladies will pick up coupons. Sabina protested in that proposal. She told boys should pick up the coupons Now everybody accepted that proposal.

Around 9 PM that lottery game started. First Mr. Joshi came and picked up one coupon and opened the same the name was of Sabina. Sabina stood up and sat beside Mr. Joshi. Then my husband came and he got Priya for tonight. Third time Ali Sahab came and booked me for tonight. As soon as he picked my name I recalled mornings memory beside lake. I understood my fate then only. I know how hungry he is? As per rule of the game I went to sat beside him. Rest Madhu were booked for Mr. Garg.

After about 10 minutes our journey to the room had started innocently enough. We stood up to go and said goodnight to each other. It was just a brief peck. Suddenly Sabina came to me and uttered in my ear "Dipa I feel sorry for your ill fate. You cannot imagine How big he is? Tomorrow morning you may not even walk."

I entered the room along with Ali Sahab "my husband for tonight". A kiss between friends was all it was really meant to be. Our lips touched, parted then were together again. We kissed deeply and I knew I couldn't let this pass me by. Our lips separated and we looked at each other, there was a longing in his eyes that matched my mood. I simply nodded and without a word he led me back to the room.

The door closed behind us and our lips met again. He said at that time that he is really happy today as because he always wanted to test me. As our tongues explored each other's mouths he ran his hands up and down my back on the outside of my T-shirt while nibbling at my neck. He then moved one hand back around to the front of my waistline underneath my blouse. He slowly slid his right hand onto the bare flesh of my stomach and then inched his way upward toward my left breast. Briefly sliding his fingers over what was now my hard, erect nipple, his hand then moved back down to my waist continuing downward over my pants between my legs where he rubbed my crotch. I found myself helplessly melting with his every touch.

It seemed to take forever for the T-shirt to lift, but very slowly, first my tanned midriff and then a white, lacy bra became visible as he pulled the garment up and over my head. I couldn't speak even had I wanted to. My throat was parched and arid, the scotch burning and warming my insides. I gulped as I stood in front of him silently, the bra the only thing between his eyes and my wonderful 34D breasts.

I closed my eyes tilting my head back as I grabbed his shoulders and began to push him down toward my crotch. He willingly followed my lead, sliding his tongue down my chest. He then fell to his knees, placed his hands on my waistline and began to open and then unzip my pants.

Hooking his thumbs underneath the waistline of my pants, he pulled that down below my knees. Then, grasping back up at my breasts with his hands, he began to lick my pussy over panties. Within only a few seconds I could feel myself approaching a climax. As I started to shiver in almost unbearable pleasure.

He then grabbed my hands, and slowly moved them up my body onto my breasts. After a few moments of him massaging my boobs over the bra with my own hands, he then cast my hands aside and grabbed my nipples and squeezed and pulled them so hard that I thought they were going to rip off. With my chest wincing upward I let out a quiet grown of pleasurable pain.

He told me to open his clothes. Initially I opened his Shirt .His chest was beautiful and tan. I ran my tongue around his nipples and down his washboard stomach, enjoying his skin, his scent. Then I reached down and unzipped his shorts. He took them off, and just stood there with a massive erection. That massive shaft really scared me. I became statue seeing the same. It was almost 10"+ inches long and at least 3" thick monster of a cock and in front there was no foreskin I mean it was bear. I never imagine even a human cock can be so big. It cannot be a human rather it is of a horse. I knew that I should not be enjoying this but it was the best cock. It really horrified me and I started thinking how Sabina accommodating the same. Most of the women could see themselves being impaled and torn apart by this mighty sexual organ. Even to give him oral sex would be impossible for most girls. How many girls would have mouths big enough to take in a head the size of a tennis ball? Instantaneously I realised my fate of tonight, though I am mother of a child (that was normal delivery) but I knew that it would be really tough for me to accommodate such a big shaft properly. I know how hungry he is for my body? It should make me bloody. Due to fear I started calling God to save me at the same time I thought why I agreed their plan? Due to fear I crossed my leg. "Ah uh.! Open...open yer legs!" he demanded.

I stood motionless, but I didn't open my legs up to him either. That was until I felt the pressure from him. I opened my legs, moving my feet slightly apart and revealing myself even more fully to him.

He reached his finger up and gently traced the outline of my nipple. Damn it felt good to have him touch me like that, but I was scared to death. He then took my bra off exposing my huge firm tits to the open air for him to see. Black-pointed nipples crowned my big rounded breast. He hold my big boobs and lift it up. Oh my good sweet boob! It is so huge. He started squeezing the big boobs and it is so smooth and it is so huge that he was unable to hold all of the tit flesh with his hands. The boob flesh is bulging out a like a big baloon and some of the extra tit flesh is flushing out of the gaps between his fingers. My nipples were sticking out like two small buds of flesh! I know that my nipples are at least half an inch in diameter. He said that it is the biggest nipples I'd ever seen in my life.

He then hooked his thumb across my panty and pulled down the same and made me naked and then asked to open legs "Wider than that." Suddenly he said "OOOHHH Darling what a grate pussy you have? Each lips of my vagina like almost size of a penis of a six/seven years old boy. Today morning I saw them through your wet swimsuit but never guessed it so big."

And as I did so, I once again felt the soft tickling feather floating up and down my slit. To my utter dismay, I felt my lubrications building as well as the tickling tip of it danced and caressed my clitoris. It had taken time...too much time perhaps. But eventually the stimulation overcame my body, my anger and determination to withstand his repeated onslaught.

He wasted no time moving his hands up, hooking his thumbs underneath the waistline of my panties, he pulled them both down below my knees. I felt really embarrassed, that was first time in my life I stood nude in front of a outsider (except my husband ), who is my husband's friend. I closed my eyes tilting my head back at the same time I tried to cover sophisticated part of my body with my hands. I caught a glimpse of him watching with a dazed, but excited look on his face.

While looking at him, I began to feel like a bit of a slut. I thought "what my son will think if he heard that his mother spending night and preparing to get screwed with an outsider? What my husband is doing with Priya right now?". I started abusing myself only. Why I agreed in such a nasty proposal. I know that though we four girls are really attractive sexy but I am the best among the lot. My innocent type face and gregarious figure can make any man mad. I thought what extra my husband will get from Priya which I cannot give to him? I know that Ali wound not leave me tonight without fulfilling his desire. I started praying to god to save me.

Suddenly one idea came in my mind. I asked "Ali? "

"Yea." He responded, obviously lost in thought, still amusing himself as the feather once again returned to my hardened nipples.

"I got pee." I announced, hoping that perhaps this would dissuade him from continuing this weird form of mental torture.

"So pee." He responded matter- of -factly.

"I can't. Not like this. Not with you watching me."

Ali didn't respond to me and went back to using the feather on me even more determinedly perhaps. Once again he brushed it against my pussy lips, used it to probe my cunt with. Once again found the nub of my clitoris, and then flicked the feather back and forth against it nearly as fast as it was humanly possible for him to do. Suddenly he started laughing and said " Darling you are standing nude in front of me and I saw all parts of your lovely figure. So what's wrong pee in front of me".

Again...I found my own body beginning to betray me emotionally. The feather's intimate caress of me was beginning to pleasure me as well, my clitoris was responding, and as such, my nipples were now sending out their own signals of erotic stimulation no matter how hard I fought against acceptance of it that way.

"Ali please. I really do have to pee!" And I found that I did too, sometimes a lot of stimulation caused that, especially if it had been a while, as it was becoming now.

"Like ah said...so pee."

"Ok...ok Ali, but please...no more feather or you'll stop me from being able to go."

Right now, any excuse, any reason to make Ali stop teasing me with the feather was worth any other kind of humiliation he could come up with. As much as I hated it...as much as it did humiliate and embarrass me, if I allowed him to continue using the feather on me without stopping him somehow, even for a while at least, I would end up having an orgasm. And right now, that was the last thing I wanted or needed. Especially that.

I was grateful that he no longer was touching me. But it had become suddenly just as difficult standing there thinking about peeing as actually doing it.

"Well?" Ali asked me to wait a minute and he brought a empty water jar and placed the same between my lags just below my cunt and asked me "Ya gonna pee here now?"

I grimaced, actually closing my eyes and concentrated with all my might to allow myself to go. Only a woman can under stand my feelings and embarrassment at that time. Women, who are newly married, not even agree to pee in front of their husband and imagine my case now I have to pee in front of an outsider not only that he wants to collect the same in a water jar. I don't know why he is planning to collect the same. I felt a faint release, a dribble really.

"That's it? That's all?" Ali asked me, obviously looking at me trying to pee.

Another hard strenuous attempt, and whatever the mental block was, or had been finally gave way. With a sudden almost pleasurable sensation, I felt the pressure finally give way, felt the hot stream of urine burst out and splash against the water jar between my legs. Without thinking, I moved her feet apart even further, unable to see, and not wanting to get anymore than what was necessary on myself .

Ali took that jar near to his eye level and started laughing. He then placed that jar on the tea table. He did not even allow me to wash also. He turned me around and sat me on the edge of the sofa. Pushing me back to half lay on the sofa. He then forced me to spread my legs and put them over the handle of sofa. He sat on the sofa opposite to me keeping the tea table in between me. I saw him to look directly at my red spot almost covered by curl black hair lustfully. Suddenly he pored whisky on a glass and mixed my pee with that whisky and started taking that cocktail. Now I realised what for he collected my pee. After finishing that glass he told me "Darling it's superb and this is first may be last(?) night I am getting that test". I became stunned seeing his perversion. I was stunned and speechless.

This was the first time I'd seen him naked-and also the first time I'd seen any man other than my husband naked. His jutting erect penis punctuated the realization that I'd crossed a point of no return. He pulled me to him and I felt the warmth of his skin between my legs as he kissed me full on the mouth-I could feel the warmth of his erect penis between cheeks of my bottom. I kissed him back as I lifted herself up. He told me to hold his monster cock. I reached out my hand and touched his penis. He nodded and whispered, "How is that?" He had probably enjoying my touch his penis apart from himself. I tried to put one hand round his organ, but it didn't reach even half way. Then I used two hands on him. Then I noticed that his tennis ball size head is permanently open, I mean there is no fore skin at all and it 's colour became blackish violet.

I closed my eyes once more as I felt his fingers separating the twin globes of my buttocks and then let out a gasp as I felt a fingertip nudging against the puckered entrance to my tight pink asshole. He slowly slid his right hand onto the bare flesh of my stomach and then inched his way upward toward my left breast. Briefly sliding his fingers over what was now my hard, erect nipple, his hand then moved back down to my waist continuing downward over my black hair covered region between my legs where he rubbed my dark haired, damp pussy . I found myself helplessly melting with his every touch. "Mmm," I moaned, as he gently teased each nipple with his teeth. "Aahh!" I gasped as he pushed my tits together and rapidly licked from side to side. I bit my lip to stop myself from screaming as he sucked as much of each tit as he could into his mouth and flicked the nipple with his tongue. I was caught up in the ecstasy of having my tits licked and squeezed, sucked and caressed.

OOOOOOOHHHHHHHHH! God! Plllllllzzzzzzzzzzz! AAAAAAAOUCHHHHHHHH! I'll die. I felt an electric shock run through my body and I lost all controls. I felt my self slipping over the edge. "OOOHHHH GAAAAAAAWD III CAAAAAAANNNNNNNNNOOOOOOTTTTTTTTT, PLEEEEEEEEASSSSSSSE NNNNOOOOOOOOOOOOOO "OOOOHHHHHHHHHHHHHH YESSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS!!" I screamed a stronger climax tore through me. He looked at my breasts for a long moment, then made up his mind, and pulled me towards him. He cupped my breast, lowered his lips to the nipple and began to suck on it. Suddenly he said "I want to suck on these fantastic long nipples of yours and taste your sweet hot milk. Right Dipa?" His wards really surprised me because I know I stopped breast feeding to my son almost one and half years back. How he will eat my milk? Mean while he started sucking me, I had his bite down on my nipple a little harder and the combination of his sucking and my caresses made me have a fantastic climax. I felt it even more erotic and salacious. He was a real good sucker. His sucking and tongue movement was so synchronized that really made me hot.


"Oh yes, oh yes, mmmmmmmmmooooo YESSSSSSSSSSS!!" I cried as I came, clutching at his hair, pushing his face harder against my boobs. "OOOOOhhh... MY FILTHY FUCKING ALI! OH YES LICK MY NIPPLE. OH.. YAH, YOU ARE EXPERT IN LICKING BIG TITS AND NIPPLES. OH MY BIG TITS! THEY NEVER RECEIVED THIS MUCH LOVE! Yes flick that sexy nipple of mine. LET'S PRESS THAT DAMN FUCKING NIPPLE BETWEEN YOUR TONGUE. LET'S FUCK IT WITH YOUR TONGUES. OH MY BIG FUCKING TITS!

Suddenly I felt a peculiar sensation building inside my body I realised that my milk is coming out due to his real hard sucking. I gave a long moan "OOOOHHHHHHHHHHHHHH YESSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS!! YYYYYYYOOOOOOU BBBBBBBBBBUSTTTTTTTTTAAARRRRRRRED as he tasted my milk for the first time. He pulled away for a moment, looked up at me and said it tasted wonderful. He soon got the hang of it and quickly got me very hot. He used his tongue and lips while his hands stroked and kneaded my swollen breasts. Truly speaking I loved watching his cheeks hollow as he sucked my milk out. Almost he sucked ten minutes each of my breast and left no more milk in my breast , made it completely dry and empty.

Suddenly I felt my self slipping over the edge. As wave after wave of orgasmic bliss pulsed through me his tongue continued to lick. My whole body was aflame as my orgasm continued to mount. Suddenly I was shaking uncontrollably. "OOOOHHH YESSSS!!" I screamed as a second, stronger climax tore through me. "Oh yyyyeesssss....so goddAMN! OH GOD! TONGUE IT! Suck MY booooooooobs....my mmmmm oh ooooOOOOHHH DO IT DO IT DOIT!" 

"Ah! Your milk is so sweet!" Ali relished in his sadistic pleasure. I was becoming hysterical. Suddenly, he stand up. But he quickly turned me around and positioned me on my knees in a doggy-like position on the floor. I had barely time to register what was happening. He stood up and went towards the tea table . I did not know what he was planning about me. By that time I realised his sadistic nature.

Through my jumbled hair I looked back at him over my shoulder I had seen him to come back with a empty glass and the bottle of body oil in his hands. I put down my head and through my hands I saw my beautiful 34D huse firm globes bounced and hanging freely, they stood straight out and were perky. He sat on my left hand side and spread his legs below my chest and then he put some body oil on his hands and started massaging my huse breasts that became warmer once it touched my skin. I truly felt wonderful, and I knew I would about to be seduced by him. He began to move his warm hands down to my aching tits. He began to make large circles around them, loosing his hands in the weight of my tits as he stroked the bottom part of the wondrous monsters. My nipples were so hard at this point, about an inch long and growing. This excited me so much that my nipples were beginning to poke .


He continued to make the large circles around my tits and slowly began to shorten the circles until his hands were completely wrapped around my huge, milk-filled tits. I had started moaning. He squeezed the huge tits in his hands, relishing the moment of finally having them in his palms feeling the hard rosy buds of my nipples poke his hands.

I was enjoying every minute of it. My tits hadn't been touched in soooooooooo long. This was a whole, new feeling for me. To feel his hands 'milking' my tits was exquisite, but it was making me so wet and horny. I wanted more.

At that time he took that empty glass and placed that in between his legs just within a inch below my left nipple. What he is going to do? What he thought about me? Oh my god!!!!!!! Am I a cow? Like a milkman he wants to extract my breast milk. How perverted he is? Frankly speaking I never even thought like this.

He continued the 'milking' of my tits and to surprise, little spurts of milk began to spray out as he would do this. He also started collecting my milk in the glass. He would twist from the base all the way up to the hard, suck able nipple. Suddenly he said that he wanted to enjoy this moment that he had waited so long for, for a while longer. He began to milk only the nipples - up and down, up and down, up and down, with only his thumbs and forefingers. I had started to lactate very much.
He slides his hands from the base to the tips, now. He concentrated hard on the nipples, pulling them, pinching them and then just holding them for long periods before releasing them. Each time he would pull on my nipples, he would twirl them in his fingers gently, rotating them back and forth, back and forth.

"Oh, that milk collecting sound generating in the glass was so kinky, OOHHH I'm so hot right now I would do just about ANYTHING. Yes, I would love to fulfill his fantasy because he is fulfilling mine right now. I've really wondered, I can't believe I felt that as if I've waited this long!" Between my hands I tried to see how much milk he had collected from my huge titties I was really getting into this role and really loved it.

MMmmmmmmmmmmmm, my nipples was so hard, momma. I couldn't control myself the milk streaming into the glass. He pressed the nipples finally, moving from one to the other, back and forth, pulling outward on the nipples with his finger, drawing them to harder points and making the precious milk flow into glass. The nipples slid from his finger with a slight pop as he pulled back. The sight and sounds made my clit throb, as it was so sensuous. OOHHHH GGGGGoDDDDDDDD. This whole process went on for about 15 minutes. I felt a strong sensation building inside my body. I gave a long moan "OOOOHHHHHHHHHHHHHH YESSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS!! YYYYYYYAAAAAAAAAAAA. OOOHHHH GAAWD III CAANNNT, PLEEASE NNNNOOOOOO AAAAALIIIIIIIII, I cried. OOOOUUI AAAMMMAAA. Another wave after wave of orgasmic bliss pulsed through me his continued to extract my milk as much as he can. My whole body was aflame as my orgasm continued to mount. Suddenly I was shaking uncontrollably. "OOOOHHH YESSSS!!" I screamed as third, stronger climax tore through me. "Oh yyyyeesssss....so goddAMN! OH GOD! TONGUE IT! Suck MY booooooooobs....my mmmmm oh ooooOOOOHHH

My pussy juices flowed out of my body and flowed through my legs. "Oh God that was incredible."

I saw Ali to stand up with a full glass of milk. My God I never thought that much milk is still there. That bustard extracted till the last drop. Oh now my whole body is paining specially my boobs. Even I could not touch them due to pain. I do not know what else is remained in my fate.

Ali looked towards me and said " Darling why your husband purchasing dairy milk from the shop? Does not he knew that a real Australian Dairy cow is in his house? I will take my Bed tea and b'fast tea with this pure milk." I really stunned. But kept myself mom.


We lay down on the bed for some time. Suddenly Roy started kissing me. He kissed me lightly on the lips, working his way down my neck and shoulders, driving me wild with desire. I moaned as he started to kiss and lick my tits.

With a circular motion, starting at the outside and working in to the nipple, he licked each in turn, making the skin slick with his saliva.

I felt an erotic chill run through my body as his hand started sliding down, down, I could see as well as feel his hand moving slowly down my stomach, past my waist, pausing just above my mons. He looked at me in the eye as his fingers slid through my short-clipped curls, I bit my lip as his hand brushed gently over my labia, in a moment, he knew as well as I did that they were beginning to become damp and sensitive.

One of his fingers slid between my moist lips and dipped into my wet pussy. "Ohhhhhhh... Oh my God...Nooooo...Aggghhhh... Agggggghhh..." my voice trailed off as I closed my eyes. His middle finger swirled around my hard clit, making it swell and throb even more as he went. A little further his finger slid in, until it started to enter my slippery vagina. "Ohhhh...Noooo..." I cried, as my pussy quaked and trembled. I bit my lip even harder as the reality of my situation struck me; Naked, restrained, vulnerable to a man who claimed he could torture me with orgasms. I closed my eyes and relaxed as his finger plunged deeply into my wetness, probing, rubbing, and stimulating me. Without realizing it, my hips were soon moving in time to the motions of his hand. Beads of sweat broke out on my brow as I felt a wonderful familiar tingling growing behind my belly. My limbs strained at the restraints as I realized that I was about to cum. "Ohmigosh... uhhhh oh... my... GOSH!!" I cried out as the another powerful orgasm shook me. I started breathing again as I opened my eyes to see him smiling down at me. "Hi Dipa," he smiled, taking his fingers in his mouth, " Sex *is* your weakness Dipa, and you will cum for me like you never have before."

"Dipa, I haven't even started making you cum yet - you'll see I'm *very* good at it, and I really enjoy my job." With that, he reached down again and slid two fingers deep inside of my dripping pussy. I moaned as he pulled them out and put them in his mouth. "Mmmmmmm - I really enjoy my job Dipa. "

I now realized the significance of all the mirrors in the room. A glance at a mirror slightly off to left gave me a perfect view of my widespread legs and exposed pussy. I was fascinated and embarrassed. I blushed a little, but to my dismay, my nipples stiffened with excitement – (I could see them in a mirror hanging from the ceiling!) He had turned away from the bed. He turned back toward me with a smile on his face - not one that looked mean, but rather like the cat who was about to eat the canary. I smirked at the thought - that it seemed I was the canary! "NO!" I whispered, "you are going to hurt me!!"

"No, no Dipa," I will bring you only pleasure." He rolled around my right leg and settled there, squarely facing her exposed pussy. I felt a twinge of embarrassment, along with a familiar feeling that sexual situations always gave to me. I felt his warm hands touch my mound, causing me to jump involuntarily. I watch in the mirror as he expertly my mons veneris, then gently slid his hand along both labia. Standing, he rubbed his hand over my genitals, avoiding letting his fingers slip between my labia again, but making me hotter by the moment nonetheless.

He gently massaged that area to the sensitivity of my sweet young pussy and making me squirm even more. I sighed at the warmness of the sensation, and tried not to buck too much when his fingers applied a cream to the inner margins of my labia. You should be glad I didn't use menthol." he smirked. He gave the cream a few more minutes to saturate my curls, occasionally massaging it some more. Somehow, I was a little surprised to find my hips gently moving again in concert with his motions. He smiled at me again. "You are a very sexy, and very sexual woman Dipa."

"Uhhhhh," Just as I felt myself to begin cumming again, he stopped. I'm close to cumming already. I grinned wickedly, " I wasn't in control of my body." This was probably sixth time in a row and I donot know who many more times I will to night I will cum? Oh god.

By now, my arousal had vanquished my embarrassment, and that surprised me- but I was happy that at least I seemed to be in control of my emotions. I felt his fingers spreading my labia again, and shielding my inner labia. I consciously willed myself to remain still. He smiled again, " A woman's body is a thing of beauty, a wonderful machine that can give so very much pleasure to both herself and the man she loves." He ran his fingers gently over it, up one side and down the other. I bit my lip again. "So very nice and smooth," he smiled. "Your pussy looks really lovely, see?" He motioned at the mirror, and I moaned gently as his fingers slide over and over my mons and labia.

He began to gently kiss my left knee. I giggled as he slowly moved up my inner thigh. The he began alternating between left and right inner thighs - each gentle, wet kiss getting closer to my pussy - which was beginning to saturate and drip as I watched him, mesmerized. Closer, closer his lips made their way to my steaming slit. I could feel myself shivering with anticipation already. Just an inch or two away now, I could feel his hot breath waft across my labia as he made the trip between thighs.

Then, suddenly, I felt my body stiffen with excitement as he kissed me directly on my smooth mons. Then gently down one labia and up the other. I shook with excitement as his lips inflamed me further. I could feel my inner lips getting hot and swollen with arousal as he drew nearer and nearer to them. I felt his thumbs spreading my labia even wider. He looked at me in the eye and said hoarsely, "The proof of the pudding is in the eating Dipa, and the test of your pussy is as well." He dipped his head again and my back stiffened as his tongue gently pressed against my throbbing clit. "Uhhhhh, Ohhhh God, Ohhh yes, that's sooo good, Yesssss, ohhhhhh, yesssss " she moaned as his muffled voiced echoed an "MMMMmmmmmm," as he tasted my seeping pussy.

Our muffled voices made a sexy duet together as he slowly and carefully explored her whole pussy with his lips and tongue. He seemed to get to every possible spot - missing none - and seemed to know just what to do to best stimulate each sensitive area of my quivering pussy. I moaned out loud each time his treatment sent a luscious sensation through my body. His ministrations were very effective - and very specific. He seemed to have a technique that caused me the most wonderful feelings depending where his mouth roamed. His lips seemed to "wrap around" my outer pussy lips, sliding from the base of each up to the top where they met above my clit. One side, then the other - I figured it was no mistake that his lower lip nudged my hard clit each time they slid up to the top of my labia. For my inner labia, he had a way of sucking them into his mouth and gently nibbling on them. I could feel him sucking them in between tightly closed lips, and each time he did, I moaned in pleasure. For the opening of my vagina - he seemed to first press his flat tongue against it, then slowly stick his tongue in as deeply as he could, making me back arch and press against his face as much as I restraints would allow. He moaned with pleasure every time his tongue discovered a new pocket of my sweet sexy juice - and it was a vicious cycle - his tongue, in the process of seeking out my juices - he caused me to create more. My clit got the most stimulating treatment of all. First he probed all around it with his tongue, the sides of his tongue touching it on all sides - making me writhe in pleasure and occasionally jump. I braced myself as he finished the circle around my clit - knowing that now he would focus in it directly - and I was already very close to cumming again.

I watched him lift his head briefly - almost as though he were studying how to proceed. He looked up at me and I could see how his face was covered with the slick juice of mine excitement. I saw that the look on his face was one of genuine bliss - as well as the look on my face I imagined. His eyes had a dreamy, far-away look as he gazed up at me. I knew then that he wasn’t kidding about enjoying his "work" - and at the moment, I adored his "work" as well. I was unable to look away as he lowered his mouth again to my throbbing pussy, I saw his lips form into an "O" and then felt them close around my stiff clit. I moaned and lay my head back and closed my eyes - he knew that he was about to bring me to a very intense orgasm - and I relaxed as much as I could to enjoy him taking me there. I felt his lips wrap around my clit, his tongue gently flicking it, swirling around it. I let out a huge sigh as my body shuddered with pleasure.

His mouth didn't concentrate on just my clit - that would be too intense - he seemed to quickly move over my whole pussy, again and again, up and down my inner and outer labia, tonguing my vagina, sucking and swirling around my clit. I was so close now, my back was arching up off the bed, in spite of the restraints, I could feel my pussy starting to twitch and my hips beginning to buck. I wanted so much to reach my hand down and run my fingers through his hair and feel his head working against me - maybe even pull his lips tighter against me as I began to cum. My arms tensed in the restraints and I began to moan out even louder as I felt my orgasm begin to well up from deep inside me. My hands clenched and unclenched as I tried in vain to touch something at this time - my need for even more closeness. I wanted to touch my face, my breasts, my pussy - hold it open even wider for him.

The bed I was restrained to began to shake with my body as my orgasm came crashing over me in wave after wave of pleasurable spasms. My mouth opened and a cry of passion came from deep in my throat as every muscle in my body stiffened with ecstasy. Such warmth and tingliness came from within me that I cried out loud and without self-restraint. His lips still wrapped around my throbbing clit as I came, wave after wave of heat sweeping through my shuddering body. I’d never had an orgasm while restrained before, and the sensations in my body were magnified by the tenseness of my muscles. He continued to lick and suck on my climaxing pussy as I slowly came down from my orgasm, keeping gentle stimulation going to make me orgasm last as long as possible - but not over stimulating my sensitive clit. My breath came in deep, ragged pants now as I slowly relaxed and enjoyed the warm afterglow of such a huge orgasm.

“OOOOOOH MYGGGGGGGGOOOOOOOD!” I panted out when I could finally speak. “I’ve never cum like that before!” I saw him rise up from between my legs and come to my side. He ran his warm hand over my stomach and breasts and bent down to kiss me hot, swollen lips with his slick, wet face. I too kissed him back hungrily, tasting the juices of my orgasm on his lips, moustache and chin. “No - you never have cum like that before Dipa, but I can assure you, that was just the beginning. One of many, MANY strong orgasms you will be having over the next several hours. Are you sure you don’t want to talk now?” I grinned back at him.

His fingers, his mouth, and his dick, all of it made me climax. I would climax one after another my mind-blowing climax. Then it hit me; I came back to the realization that I was being raped. I told myself that I had no control over it. I told myself that it was only a natural thing for my body respond like this to all the sexual stimulation that they were giving me and that was all it was period. 