My Harem of Older Men Ch. 01
byAmyfriend©

Hello there, I'm Sue and I'm now 27 years old and ready to open my diary to you. I'm a healthy bi-sexual female specimen with a very strong sex drive that is kept more or less satisfied by my personal Harem of 12 older men and three young women aged between 18 and 39 years old.

Be patient with me and I'll tell you how I got to this stage in my life where the ONLY MEN I have intimate relations with are over 50 years old.

----------

Back when I was just 16 years old my Mom decided that she liked this airline pilot more than she liked my Dad and you could say that she flew away with him and never came back.

My Dad worked for a major international electronics company and was a workaholic, so I was often home alone and being an only child I had the run of the house to myself. On weekdays he would never be home until after 8 o'clock at night so I always cooked for myself and had leftovers for Dad. If I wanted to sleepover at a girlfriends I would just leave a note and Dad was always okay with it.

We never talked very much in depth about anything and if it wasn't for making small talk I doubt we would have talked at all.

In a way I was left to fend for myself but he did give me a generous weekly allowance, which was often much more than any of my girlfriends. If I needed new clothes or something special for a school outing I just had to ask and he provided without question.

By the time I was 18 years old and still a virgin, I was shall we say fully-grown at 5 feet 6 inches and fully blossomed out with very firm 34B breasts and long blonde hair on my slim frame of 119 lb.

Guys would tell me that I had an ass to die for and I relished the compliments but at that time I only dated boys from school and I wasn't sexually active, YET.

Just after my 18th birthday I allowed a necking session to go even further and was penetrated by a boy from my school who took so long to get his condom on, that he cum about 2 seconds after taking my virginity.

So my first taste of intercourse wasn't the big thing that other girls like my friend Karen made it out to be, but at least I had gone that far and thought that maybe it will be better next time.

Karen had told me that if I jerked him off or blew him first then he would last longer and it would feel much better for me.

Well it became almost every night after school by the same boy that walked me home. He got to expect it but he always used a condom for the sex part.

It was better but it still wasn't any earth shattering experience although I did really enjoy jerking him off.

----------

During the very early summer of the next year my Dad had an in ground swimming pool installed in the backyard. The person in charge of the installation just happened to be the father of one of my girlfriends so I knew him as I had stayed over at Karen's house several times and swam in their pool.

By the time the swimming pool was complete and the proper water temperature was reached I was finished school. I was 19 years old and looking forward to a summer of swimming before I decided what to do next.

Karen's father, Mr. Worthington, came over and did the full final inspection of the pool and then later rolled back the thermal blanket.

"Okay, the pool is now officially open for the summer, go and get changed Sue and take your first dip." Mr. Worthington told me after he had taken more water samples. Well I was pretty eager after waiting patiently for so long and ran off into the house to change into my white string bikini.

In my haste I didn't realize that he had followed behind me to go to the bathroom which was just several feet past my open bedroom door. I was already naked when I heard the bathroom door close and realized then that he must have walked by my open door.

I don't know why but I just sniggered inside as I quickly slipped into my bikini and figured that he must have seen his daughter Karen in various states of undress before now anyway, so I just raced back outside and dove in the deep end of the pool. By the time I had swam the length and back to the deep end he was sat on a chair watching me.

"How's it feel, Sue?"

"Wonderful, the waters so warm." I said.

"Everything seems to be working okay, but I'll just keep an eye on it every few days for the first two weeks. I've left written instructions on how to maintain it on the wall inside the pump house."

"Oh, what needs to be done?" I asked.

"Well next time I'm here we can go through the checklist, okay?"

"Sure that will be fine Mr. Worthington. Thanks for everything, my Dad will be pleased."

"Speaking of your Dad, I'll need him to sign off on the work order and then he can pay the balance owing, when will he be home?"

"You will have to get him in the evening after 8 and before this Friday, because he is going away to Japan on business for 2 weeks."

"Right, well I better comeback tonight then." He said and then left.

Later that night Mr. Worthington came back to settle up everything with Dad while I continued doing a marathon swim in the pool.

------------

When Friday came I spent part of the morning pressing Dad's shirts and cleaning his shoes but I was so grateful when Dad left me some money and a credit card before he left on his business trip. After he had left I went straight into the swimming pool and did a few more lengths and then I lay on the patio on my back sunning myself.

After a while I felt a presence and opened my eyes and was startled to see Mr. Worthington standing almost over me.

"Oh, I didn't know you were there, Mr. Worthington." I said in shock.

"Sorry, I thought you were sleeping, but I came by to check on the system."

"Do you need me to go over that checklist with you?" I asked.

"Sure we can start on it, let's go in the pump house."

I led the way to the building that was way bigger than a large garden shed and had been made especially to house all the pool equipment along with various pool side chairs and fold up loungers, it also doubled as a change room.

I walked inside and Mr. Worthington followed and shut the door behind him as I took down the list off the wall.

When I turned to face him he was stood there with his shorts around his ankles, which he was kicking off while at the same time pulling off his tee shirt.

"I saw you stark naked in your bedroom the other day Sue and thought it only right that I should return the favor." He said and I was speechless. I'm sure my face was already turning as red as a beet.

"That was an accident Mr. Worthington, I didn't know you had followed me."

"Well you have such a magnificent figure, Sue, truly magnificent, even better than Karen's. You shouldn't have to hide it away." He said as he eyed me up and down and in turn my eyes were becoming fully aware of his rapidly growing uncircumcised penis, which was much bigger and thicker than any of the boyfriends, I had ever seen.

"Err, well thank you for the compliment." I stuttered and took a step back.

"Don't be afraid Sue, I'm not here to harm you in anyway. Tell me, have you ever thought about swimming nude? I must tell you Karen and I find that it's a wonderful experience."

"Oh well, I'm not sure." I said and secretly I had thought about doing that while Dad was away.

"I didn't mean to shock you, but I love to swim this way and I hope you don't mind if I take a dip this way in your pool."

"Well I guess you can, if you want Mr. Worthington." I said and then he came really close and hugged me then backed away just as quick.

"A person should never be ashamed of showing off his or her naked body." He said and took a towel off the shelf, wrapped it around himself and then walked out to the pool.

I was flabbergasted and leaned against the window as I looked out and watched as he swam. He sure had a way of shocking a person I thought as I walked out in my bikini and jumped in the pool.

I wasn't really ready to intentionally go naked in front of anyone, not even with my Dad; at least I didn't think I was.

"Don't be nervous, Sue, try it, you'll like it. You won't be showing me anything I haven't seen before like on my daughter Karen. Just try going topless first." He said as he swam by my side and I thought what the heck, why not try going topless.

I must admit I did feel freer and shortly after I threw my bikini bottoms onto the poolside near my bra top. He was right, this was a new experience and he could see I was delighted with the results.

When it came time to get out I thought I would be nervous but I wasn't.

Mr. Worthington who had gotten out first went to the pump house and brought a towel then held it out for me and we walked into the house with our clothes in hand.

"Now how did that feel?" He asked and I told him that it felt very refreshing.

"So you swim that way with Karen? She never mentioned anything." I asked.

"Yes, all the time when we are alone. We often stay naked around the house but we never flaunt it or dream of doing that when other people are there. By the way I told her I would meet her here, did she call?"

"Wow, she never breathed a word about that. But no, I haven't heard from her today."

"Well, most people don't understand the special love between a father and daughter when she comes of age. I'm sure you know what I mean as you probably have the same kind of bond with your Dad."

I heard a vehicle outside and rushed to the window, but it was only Karen.

"Hello everyone, sorry I'm a bit late." Karen said as she rushed through the patio doors and kissed her Dad and me on the cheek. Karen, who was a few months older than I, had dark brown hair, she was about 5 feet 3 inches and leaned slightly towards the plump side especially around her ass. Her breasts were bigger than mine being about 36C with really large sensitive nipples and she was the only girl I had ever seen with a completely bald pussy.

"Hi sweetheart, we just took our first swim in the buff." Her Dad said.

"Mmmm, and I was expecting to get here for that. So what do you think to my Dad then, Sue?" She said as she turned to look at me and rolled away the towel from her Dad.

"I think I'm still in shock." I said with a grin as she put her hands down and slowly stroked his hardening penis.

"What do you think to this then, its better than any of the boyfriends I ever had in school and my god, it's a real orgasm maker."

"Whoa, you mean that you two make love together?"

"Yes, but only since I came of age and its fantastic, the orgasms I have are just huge. But you keep that to yourself Sue, other people wouldn't understand the incest angle. Listen, now I'm here, how about we all take a swim?" Karen said.

"Sure, I guess so." I said and before I had the words out of my mouth she was stripped naked and holding my hand while her other removed my towel to expose my naked body.

"No need to be nervous Sue, you're among very good friends so lets take that dip." Karen said as she patted my bum cheeks and then we took off to the pool.

I became much more comfortable as time went by and almost forgot the fact that I was swimming in the nude. We frolicked around with a beach ball in the water and just generally enjoyed ourselves. But eventually it was time to get out and we all walked into the house, drying ourselves as we walked.

Once we were inside Karen made a big fuss of drying off her Dad, especially between his legs and then she took my hand as she brought me very close to her Dad.

"Take a hold of this Sue, its an 8 inch stick of dynamite, believe me." She said as she placed my hand on his growing penis. While I had my hand on his shaft she knelt and took the tip of his penis in her mouth. I could feel it rapidly hardening and almost pulsating in my hand along with the twinges I was already feeling between my legs.

She took her mouth away from his penis and then she kissed me as her Dads hands cupped my breasts. Her hands stroked my body like she had done a few times before when I had stayed overnight at her place but this was something different, it was much more sexual and intense.

In the past when I had stayed over at Karen's home we had been angels and only done some kissing as we snuggled together.

"Keep your hands on his big cock, savor the feel of it and imagine the power of it sliding between your wet pussy lips while I look after you." Karen said softly as her hands slid between my legs, one hand from the front and one hand from behind. Within moments I was experiencing wonderful sensations that were racing through my body as her experienced fingers did miracles to my genitalia while I held onto this now swollen penis that belonged to her Dad.

I started to shake almost uncontrollably and my breathing became very erratic as she quickly brought me to a fantastic orgasm. Her fingers were still sliding inside my wet pussy as I started to jerk off his swollen penis but he held my hands tight and stopped my movements, then he bent over and scooped me up like I was just a paperweight and carried me to the bedroom.

Karen threw a towel down on the mattress before he plunked me down in the centre of the bed. My knees were lifted and my legs were drawn apart before Mr. Worthington knelt between my legs and then I looked down as he slowly pushed his 8-inch swollen penis between my wet pussy lips.

While her Dad slowly squeezed his penis into my wet vagina, Karen kissed me and massaged my breasts. She could feel my moans and sighs vibrating through her mouth as we kissed.

He started to plunge in and out and the feeling was so intense that I orgasmed again but the sounds were partially muffled by Karen's mouth over mine.

Suddenly she sat up and straddled my face as she rubbed her clit rapidly and cried out:

"Lick me Sue, make me cum, lick my pussy, suck me, finger me, ooooooh god." She cried as she pushed her wet pussy over my mouth.

I was in my own heightened state of pleasure but I quickly slid my hands around her chubby butt cheeks and dragged her back and forth over my open mouth and then licked and sucked whatever came near.

Her Dad would slowdown and then speed up again as he thrusted inside me and brought me to yet another mind-blowing orgasm. My god I thought, I have never been fucked like this before and endured such wonderful sensations.

"Oh god, I'm almost ready." He said to Karen and she immediately turned to face him and then squatted over my face. They kissed and held each other while he thrusted deep inside me and Karen lifted up and down as my tongue sank inside her.

"Mmmm, fill her insides with your warm cum, Daddy."

"Uh, uh, ooooooh god, almost, almost baby." He said.

"Mmmm me too Daddy."

"Keep going Sue, make my baby girl cum." He said.

"Squeeze your pussy Sue, suck all the cum out of Daddy's big cock, squeeze and release, squeeze and release." Karen yelled and I did what she said as I felt his throbbing penis squirt his warm juices deep inside my pussy while Karen's cum juices ran in my mouth and all over my chin. I was in awe of everything that was happening around me and orgasmed once more.

"Oooooh baby that's so good. Mmmm kiss me again baby, did you cum also?" He said to Karen as they embraced.

"Yes I did cum Daddy, did you enjoy my girlfriend?"

"Yes, baby, I sure as hell did."

"I told you Daddy that she would make for a great fuck." Karen said.

-----------

To be continued

Please don't forget to tune into my next chapter and vote, thanks.

I love to reply to feedback and it really miffs me that I can't reply to all the positive comments from 'Anonymous'.

However I do still value your comments and opinions.



My Harem of Older Men Ch. 02
byAmyfriend©

"Yes Daddy, did you enjoy my girlfriend?" Karen said.

"Yes, baby, I sure as hell did."

"I told you Daddy that she would make for a great fuck." Karen said.

-----------------------

"Hey what's going on?" I said as I released my mouth from Karen's pussy.

Karen laughed and told me that she was sick of hearing me whine about having poor sex and thought that it was time that I had a real MAN.

"Mmmm, well I must admit, that was the best sex that I've ever had, so thank you Karen and you too Mr. Worthington."

"Oh we're not finished yet my dear." Mr. Worthington said as he slowly withdrew and then I watched Karen lick and suck his penis until she was satisfied that it was clean.

Mr. Worthington stood and said that he would have a quick wash and then he would go out and pickup some Chinese food. Meanwhile Karen had tucked a pillow under my bum and was licking and sucking my wet pussy, which was driving me upward to the stars once more.

"I love the taste of Daddy's cum, have you tasted your Dad's?" Karen said momentarily as she stopped for a few seconds.

"No, I never have Karen, plus I can't remember the last time I even saw Dad's penis by accident, I've never touched it of course. I don't think we have ever looked at each other in a sexual way."

"Would you mind if I seduced him, then?" Karen said and I laughed.

"Are you the same Karen I spent the last year of high school with? Ooooooh don't answer, just keep going, keep doing what you're doing, ooooooh you bitch you're getting me all hot again."

"I'm gonna make you orgasm again and then I'm going to tongue scoop as much cum as I can from you." Karen said.

"Oh my god, just keep going and quit talking."

"Mmmm, this sure is a yummy pussy." She cried and then finger fucked me as she sucked on my clit.

"Ooooooh my god, oooooh almost, almost, ooooooh yesss, yesssss, yesssssssss." I cried as I arched my back and gave into the sensations raging through my body.

She never stopped she just kept going until I whimpered for her to stop and held her head tight with both my hands. Then she moved up the bed and lay by my side as she hugged me intensely and told me that she loved me.

"I didn't know you liked girls so much. It's been a longtime since I was with one intimately and she wasn't anywhere near as good as you Karen." I said.

"You are only the third girl for me Sue, the first was a dud really, the second wasn't bad and I've longed for another girl for so long. My Dad has too, so you were the perfect choice." She told me.

"Your Dad is pretty damn good, I must say. He knows how to holdback and for sure he knows how to use his weapon."

"Yes, he's definitely the best fuck I've ever had and I didn't mind sharing him with you if we could also get it on now and then."

"Wow, I don't know what to say."

"Well, two simple questions. Would you like to have more of him in the future?"

"Yes."

"And more of me?" Karen said.

"Yes of course, you too."

"Good, between us we will make you very happy and satisfied." Karen said and then we kissed passionately while I masturbated her to a screaming orgasm.

-------------------

Eating supper naked was a first for me but the food was great and we still had lots of Chinese food left over which I would use the next day.

"So do you guys eat in the buff, often?" I asked.

"Sure, we have done since my wife left and Karen came of age, we swim in the nude and spend time in the house that way when possible, and that usually leads to a very nice session or two." Mr. Worthington said.

"And do you sleep together also?"

"Yes, except when we have visitors and we make it look like Karen's bedroom is used all the time, just like when you have stayed overnight." He said.

"Wow, no wonder you are always happy Karen." I said and laughed.

"I am happy Sue, Dad always makes sure that I have at least two orgasms per session and it's often many more than that." Karen said.

"Well I'm happy too, since the wife left and Karen came of age, I don't have to go chasing pussy outside of the home. I'm afraid she lost all interest in sex during the last few years we were together."

"What about you Karen, did you feel an obligation to serve your Dad after your Mom left, were you very nervous in the beginning?"

"No not at all Sue, I've always loved Dad and in my mind I had wanted him for several years. When I turned 18, I did finally get him and I was just blown away with the difference and I no longer needed boyfriends. We have a special arrangement and we are very open with our sex life, I have no problem if he wants to come over here and make you happy from time to time. Likewise he has no problem if I want to take on a girl like you. But we don't get into complete strangers."

"That's wonderful." I said.

------------------

After supper we went in the pool and swam until it was almost dark then we retired to the house after we had showered and dried off.

"Dad likes to be sucked off Sue, I call it a premium blowjob and take all his cum in my mouth and then swallow it all. Do you think you can please him that way, I know he would appreciate that?" Karen said and Mr. Worthington smiled.

"I don't know, he is kind of big. I've given lots of blowjobs before of course and they were pretty easy with a schoolboy sized pecker." I told her.

"Just keep one hand under his balls and one wrapped around the base of his cock, then you won't have to take in as much. But you gotta keep going once he starts to spurt or it will spoil the feeling for him and men can't cum anywhere near as many times as us girls."

"Well maybe I'll try later, okay?"

"Sure, now the other thing he really likes is taking me doggie style and I know he will be itching to do that with you so he can get his hands on that gorgeous arse of yours. We should do that before I leave."

"Leave? Where you going?" I asked.

"Well I want Dad and you to have a great time and just concentrate on each other so I'm going to go home. I have work in the morning."

"Do you mean your Dad is planning on staying overnight?"

"Yes, does it matter, is that okay?"

"I don't know, this has never happened to me before."

"Well I'll take his shop truck home and then the neighbors won't notice or talk. But you really need a full night with a real man like Dad and then you will know that you have been fucked good and proper."

"If you insist, Karen." I said and laughed.

"So go ahead, get him hard again and then he can take you doggie style on the rug."

"What do you think Mr. Worthington?" I asked.

"I can't tell you how delighted I will be to get my hands on your arse cheeks Sue, I may just get hard at the thought of it, haha. But the last thing I want to do is rush you in any way, so Karen sweetheart, why don't you go home and I'll just let things happen in their own sweet time." He said.

"Okay then Dad, if that's what you prefer." Karen said and then she dressed and we all hugged before she left.

---------------

"Wow she can be pushy, right, haha." Mr. Worthington said as he held me close in his arms and stroked my back and shoulders.

"I think she was just looking out for you and making sure I was aware what you liked."

"But its what you like that's really important to me." He said as he stroked one of my breasts.

"Well my experience is very limited to having sex in the missionary position, giving a handjob or a blowjob. So I bow to your experience and knowledge Mr. Worthington."

"You can call me Sam, if you prefer."

"But the Mister adds some authority and respect, like a teacher maybe."

"Did you ever have an issue with a teacher?"

"A very long time ago, I was lightly spanked by a male teacher. In between spanking his fingers would slide down my crack and feel me, then he would spank me once, then feel me again and so on. He made it last and he barely hurt me. He told me if I told anyone he would make sure it went on my record and then Dad would see that I had done wrong."

"Did you like being spanked?"

"I guess I didn't at the time, but I've often thought about it since I've gotten older and find it somewhat stimulating now."

"Well if you do wrong, I know what to do then." Mr. Worthington said.

"Yes sir, you do."

"Listen Sue, do you have a razor and shaving cream, I didn't shave today."

"Yes, shall I shave you?"

"Yes please, would you like that?"

"Yes I would, occasionally I used to get to shave my Dad way back when Mom was living here. But she didn't like me hanging around too close to Dad so I had to wait until she wasn't home. It was probably the closest I ever got to him, but then she bought him a brand new electric razor and I never got the opportunity anymore."

"Besides shaving my face, maybe you could trim and shave me down there as well."

"Wow, you really want to trust me with the family jewels, haha." I said and laughed.

"Shall I take a chair into the bathroom and you can start with my face?"

"Sure." I said and he followed me with a chair from the kitchen. I placed the chair so that he would be looking towards the light and then I got the shaving cream and a new razor. He let his head fall back as I rubbed the cream over his chin and cheeks, up towards his ears.

"Why don't you sit on my knee, facing me." He said so I straddled his knee and within a few seconds his penis was standing up between us like a thick flagpole. His hands cupped my bum cheeks but he stayed quite still.

"Mmmm, I love doing this, it's been a longtime, but of course I never sat on Dad's knee naked, haha."

"Just take your time, there's no rush Sue. If you feel the need, I have something hard here for you to sit on." He said with a grin as he placed one hand on my breasts.

"That could be dangerous, but I guess it's a safety razor, right."

"Yes, but you need to be moist enough inside or it may be uncomfortable for you."

"Let me finish shaving your face first. Just the thought of what's to come is starting to make me wet." I said as I did the finishing touches to his chin and neck. I turned and grabbed a small hand towel then moistened it under the tap and wiped away any excess cream.

"Mmmm that does feel better, shall I position you for entry?"

"Yesss, I can't wait any longer." I said as I kissed his smooth cheek then he turned his head and kissed me on the lips. Our lips pressed together and his tongue slid between my lips as his big hands lifted me up and let me hover over his big hard penis.

"Use your hand to guide me so that I don't hurt you. Plant your feet firmly on the floor so that you can control all the movements up and down at your leisure and talk to me, tell me what's happening."

"Oh yes, yesss, I can feel it opening me up, slowly filling me, touching all the nerves in my vagina. Yesss, oh god it feels so good and I'm getting wetter by the minute, I want to go back to the beginning and let it swell inside my opening again. Oh yesss, it's so good, it's sliding inside me again. I need more now, let me lower myself more, mmmmmm ooooooh god this won't take long for me Mr. Worthington, I can feel a huge wave coming already."

"Wonderful, take it all Sue, bury my big hard cock inside you but keep talking, keep telling me everything."

"Oh god keep going but tell me Mr. Worthington, are all men this big and feel this good?"

"I can't answer that Sue, but you're in charge, take as much as you need and move as much as you want." He said as I slowly moved up and down and virtually fucked him as he sat.

"Oh yesss this is good, so good, squeeze and knead my ass cheeks, suck lightly on my breasts. Oh god this is wonderful Mr. Worthington, I'm almost there, I'm going to cum."

"Mmmm cum for me Sue, move your ass up and down, fuck me until you cum."

"Oooooooooh it's so nice, I wanna make this last. What about you?" I cried as I slowed for a few seconds and then picked up the pace again.

"Don't worry about me, its pleasing me to see you getting so much pleasure. I'm enjoying every minute just feeling myself inside you and feeling your gorgeous arse cheeks. Let yourself go, we have lots of time for you to have many more orgasms."

"Yesss, oooooooh god yesss, any second now, yesssss Mr. Worthington. Yesssssssss." I cried as I moved up and down rapidly when the pleasure wave raced through my body somewhere deep inside my loins like a fire out of control. Then I just relaxed and sank fully over his hard penis as I devoured it all inside my hot juicy pussy.

"Stay perfectly still and rest your head on my shoulder." He said.

"Mmmm, Mr. Worthington, I like, I really like your style. But how on earth do you manage to keep control and hold off from cummin? I've had boys cum in a matter of seconds and most never lasted more than a few minutes." I asked.

"Well its just self control, but I'm not perfect, sometimes I do get so stimulated that all I want to do is shoot my load. But an older man feels a much bigger obligation to make sure his partner is satisfied, especially if she is a beautiful young woman such as you."

"Well I'm not complaining at all, you're the best Mr. Worthington and I'd love for you to take me doggie style as soon as you want."

"Thank you, Sue. It will happen as soon as I know that I have control and won't spill my seed any second, haha"

"Did you come THAT close?"

"Oh Sue, did I ever, I was just a split second away from losing control and shooting my wad. If you just stand quickly and let me withdraw from your juicy pussy then I may stand a chance of making it to the couch."

"Mmmm, you want me bent over the couch?"

"Yes, I would love that if it's okay with you." He said as I quickly stood and looked down at his hard creamy cock that was plastered in my own cum juices.

"Don't worry Mr. Worthington if this time you cum very quick, I have lots of time for YOU." I said, as I bent over the arm of the couch, and moments later his hard wet penis was squeezing and sliding back inside me all the way until his balls were slapping against me.

His fingers gripped my arse cheeks as he thrusted deeply and I kept moving my arse back into him.

"Put your head a little lower and raise your ass a bit, then push back and forth for all you are worth."

I moved the cushion under my head and straightened my legs a bit more to raise my ass as he gripped my cheeks tighter. There was no chance that he would slip out; he was in so tight and deep it would take an earthquake to shake us apart, so I moved faster and faster.

Holy shit this was different and so damn nice as he started to thrust very spasmodically and his fingers would grip my cheeks tight and then loosen.

"Almost Sue, keep moving sweetheart, Oooooooooh fuck, here it cums." He cried out as he pushed deep inside several times and then I felt his penis throbbing as he started to spurt. "Oh wow, I can feel it throbbing and spurting, keep going this is fucking wonderful." I said loudly.

"Keep moving sweetheart, this is the best part for me." He said so I continued moving back and forth until he finally slowed me down to almost a full stop and then he pushed in all the way and just held me tight.

"Mmmm, I like this doggie style position especially without a condom. You're the first person I ever had sex with and not used a condom." I told him.

"It does feel much better bareback, that's for sure. But you do have to be careful today who you have without a condom." He said as he slowly withdrew.

"I guess you knew I was on the pill, right?" I said as I stood and turned to face him.

"Yes, Karen told me." He said as he hugged me close and squished his wet slimy penis between us.

"So you were pretty confident, that you would get in my pants?"

"I took a big chance and I'm glad I did, I've liked you and liked the idea of having you for a longtime now."

"So I take it that I'll see a lot more of you?" I asked.

"Yes, if you'll have me."

"Mr. Worthington, I would be a fool not to see you again, haha. My god, Karen was right, this thing is a stick of orgasmic dynamite." I said as I held his wet penis.

"Haha, well thank you."

"Later I'll suck you off and we'll try for that so called premium blowjob, maybe after I shave your pubic area. Then whatever else you wanna do is up to you."

"Well the night is still young its not even midnight. Shall we take a swim?"

"Sure, lets go." I said and we held hands as we walked to the pool and then slipped in together.

We swam several lengths and then cuddled and kissed in the deep end with our hands roving all over the place.

"I hope that I don't make Karen jealous."

"It will be natural for her to be a little jealous until she finds another man. She has her eye on your Dad, she wasn't joking when she said that earlier."

"Well I am tempted to try and seduce my Dad too, after seeing and feeling what a real man is like. But I don't mind if she does have it off with him, he needs to have a young woman in his life."

"Oh it sounds like I awoke a sleeping sex fiend, haha."

"You woke me up that's for sure. You awoke me to the fact that an older man makes for a great session of sex."

"I have an uncle that has a little bit bigger cock than mine, I was thinking of introducing him to Karen. She has often said that she would like to have two men at the same time, what do you think?"

"Wow, I couldn't imagine having two at the same time, especially two the size of yours, how would she handle that?"

"Well one up her pussy and one on her mouth, or one in her pussy and one up her ass."

"Ouch, that sounds like it may hurt."

"Karen has mastered the art of deep throat, I mean taking my entire cock in her mouth with some of it down her throat. She lets me fuck her in the mouth and shoot down her throat. She also likes to let me take her up the ass occasionally and sometimes she really gets off on that."

"She sounds far more experienced than I."

"Well of course, but only because she has been getting it much longer. I give her whatever she wants and she gives me whatever I want."

"So was I something that you wanted?"

"Oh yesss, you sure were, I've fantasized about you many times." Mr. Worthington said.

"So what did she want in return?"

"She wanted you also and I love the idea of my daughter being bi-sexual."

"Its nice to know that I'm wanted, haha. Shall we get out now, I have some balls I wanna shave."

"Wonderful, lets go." He said.

---------

To be continued... 


My Harem of Older Men Ch. 03
byAmyfriend©

It was hard to believe that 2 weeks had passed so quickly and today Saturday, I was expecting my Dad to return from his long business trip to Japan.

I think he had said that he would be travelling about 24 hours altogether to get back home, including his stopover and changing airplanes on the west coast so I figured he would be tired when he got home.

It was mid afternoon when Karen and I had just got back into the swimming pool when my Dad suddenly appeared at the patio doors. I jumped up and waved then paddled to the edge and jumped out. I grabbed a towel to cover my naked body and ran to meet him, I was so happy to see him that I threw myself into his open arms.

Karen slowly climbed out of the pool and covered herself before she joined us on the patio.

"I've missed you Daddy, it seems like you've been away for months and months. You remember my girlfriend Karen, right." I told him as I turned to Karen.

"Well it seems like you have enjoyed the pool, it's a good job I had it installed before I left. But you need to put a few clothes on, I have some presents for you." Dad said.

"Oh Dad, don't be such a Meanie, I'll be back in the pool in a few minutes. No one can see us back here."

"I can." He said with a grin.

"So, you've seen it all before. Anyway I don't like tan lines." I told him as I smiled.

"Whatever. But come see what I've got you. Sorry I didn't bring you anything Karen."

"That's okay Mr. B." Karen said as we walked into the kitchen.

Dad handed me a slim boxed package with a small card written in Japanese but signed by my Dad.

"It says 'A special gift for my beautiful 19 year old daughter'. But open it and see if you like it."

I hastily opened the wrapping and was left with a slim white box with more Japanese writing. My nails made short work of the tape that held it closed and when I opened it I peeled back the tissue paper then I just said, 'WOW' as I looked at the most beautiful silk Kimono robe that I had ever seen.

"Oh, I must try this on." I said as I took it out of the box and handed Karen my towel then wrapped the Kimono around me.

"Daddy, this is beautiful, thank you." I said as I kissed him fully on the mouth.

"In the bottom of the box is instructions on how to wrap it the traditional way. In Japan today, a Japanese woman usually owns only one kimono typically a furosode kimono, which is worn for the coming of age ceremony on her 19th birthday. I have another gift box for you that has the 'Obi', that's the proper sash for gathering and closing the Kimono. I also have a few more miscellaneous gifts that you can open later at your leisure." He said.

"Oh I just love this, thank you again Daddy. Did you have a good trip?"

"Yes, it was okay, but we worked just about everyday. I spent two days in China and two days in Malaysia the rest in Japan."

"I'll bet you are tired Dad, can I fix you anything to eat?"

"No, I'm fine I ate and slept on the plane. I just need to relax and unwind for a while."

"Well come and lay out on the patio on one of the loungers Dad and watch us swim, or come in and join us."

"I may take a quick dip, but not bloody naked, haha."

"Okay, well I'm going to take this off and get back to the pool, join us when you can." I said and took off my Kimono and folded it neatly then walked bare arsed outside with Karen who also took the opportunity to shed her towel.

"Well we broke the ice with the naked bit and your Dad didn't seem to mind, right. Next you will be shaving your pussy bald to match mine." Karen said as she laughed.

"Good idea Karen, that sounds like a job you could do for me, haha."

"Mmmm, just tell me when, Sue."

We played and frolicked in the pool and then swam a few lengths as Dad watched from the patio and then he finally joined us in the pool. But I did notice the growing bulge in his swim shorts before he entered the pool and Karen did too.

"I think your Dad is getting a hard on, why don't you find an excuse to leave for a while." She whispered in my ear and I thought to myself I could slip down and see Mr. Worthington, I know he is home today.

"Dad, can I borrow the car, I need to drop off a job application and get some basic groceries, we're out of milk and bread. Don't worry I've still got money and Karen can stay here until I get back."

"Sure, the keys are on the table but please put some clothes on, don't go like that, haha."

"Good idea, Dad, thanks for the advice." I said as I kissed him and pushed my breasts into his chest then slowly climbed out of the pool and threw a towel over my shoulder as I walked away.

----------

Fifteen minutes later I was bent over the couch at Mr. Worthington's house being rammed by his 8-inch stick of dynamite and on the brink of a wonderful orgasm.

"Oh god Sue, you have a gorgeous arse. Oooooh god hurry, hurry up and cum, I'm hanging on for dear life and I can't holdback much longer."

"Faster, slap my ass cheeks, oooooooh yesss, yesssss, I'm cummin, oooooooh I'm so in love with your big thick throbbing penis Mr. Worthington."

"Mmmmm yesss Sue, any second, nearly. Yesssss sweetheart, oh yesssss move your arse faster, drain me baby." He cried out as he pumped me hard and deep.

"That was very nice Mr. Worthington, thank you. I must steal one of Karen's panty liners so that I don't leak through my panties then I'll give you time to recharge while I go and pickup groceries. I'll pop back for another quickie when I'm done shopping."

"Wonderful, Sue, but if you leak it may well be your own juices, I've cum twice this morning with Karen. I think that when YOU cum you produce twice as much as Karen. God, that's such a wonderful erotic sight when you cum, in seconds I can see it coating my cock and every time I push, it bubbles out of you. Hey, do you think Karen will be successful with your dad?"

"She is very persuasive and Dad already had a hard on, haha."

"Well I'm sure we'll find out all the fine details later, haha."

"Right, well I better get the groceries that was my excuse for going out." I said before I left.

---------

I went through the grocery store like a whirlwind and was back at Mr. Worthington's house in about 25 minutes with a wet pussy that had only just gotten warmed up.

"Let me take your panties off and then sit back on the couch." He said and moments later he had them off and was lifting my legs over his shoulders so that he could bury his mouth all over my pussy.

He licked and sucked until I was writhing on the couch and my ass was hovering and thrusting into his face as I finally orgasmed and spat cum onto his face.

"Geez you are so HOT today, Sue." Mr. Worthington said as he knelt closer and slipped his hard penis deep inside me. I moved my butt rapidly and we collided with every thrust until he reached his climax and unloaded his weapon.

"Mmmm that was so good." I said as I let my head fallback.

"Today, I think it would take 3 men to satisfy you, haha."

"Maybe its because I was teasing Dad with my naked body and then later I could see he was stimulated."

"Yes, it probably is that. I hate to say it but maybe you should get back and then you can question Karen and rescue your Dad."

"Yes, I think you're right and when I get home a dip in the pool should get rid of the evident flowing from my pussy." I said as I got ready to leave for home.

----------

Amazingly both Dad and Karen were still in the swimming pool but Karen did wink to me when Dad wasn't looking. I went back into the kitchen and put the groceries away and then stripped off and walked slowly to the pool knowing that Dads eyes were following my every step.

"Gee, you guys will look like prunes, being in the water this long." I said jokingly and they both smiled.

"Well I did get out once for a pee." Karen said.

"Oh I'm glad to hear that, haha." I said as I swam towards Dad and kissed him then asked if he was relaxed now from his trip.

"Yes, I'm much more relaxed sweetheart, Karen kept me busy with the beach ball. But I think I'll get out for a while and have a lay down on the bed until suppertime."

"Okay Dad, just yell if you need anything, its great to have you back."

After Dad had gone in the house Karen was buzzing around me with a huge smile on her face.

"You were right, he did have a hard on when you left. Shall we say, I accidentally felt it and remarked on its beautiful size then I stroked it and lowered his swim shorts and he fucked me in the pool with real gusto as if he hadn't fucked in years. About 15 minutes later he was stood on the steps so his waist was outta the water and that's when I sucked him off and swallowed while he played with my tits and watched out to make sure you weren't back." Karen said.

"Wow, you vixen." I said as I smiled.

"Mmmm swapping Dads is a great idea, right?" Karen said as she laughed.

"Yeah, but we better keep quiet about this in the house." I said as we splashed each other and got to a spot where we could finger each other.

"Let's go in the pump house and fuck around?" Karen said.

"Yesss, lets go I'm still hot and horny, but I wish you had stayed outta the water so I could have tasted my Dads cum juices." I told her.

"Mmmm it was yummy." She said as we climbed outta the pool and dried off partially before we went inside the pump house.

"Sit back in that chair and put your legs over the arms." I said as I quickly knelt on a towel and attacked her pussy with my tongue.

"Ooooooh god no one can do that like you Sue, not even my dad. Keep going baby, fuck me with your tongue, ooooooh fuck it's so nice, hold my tits and twist my nipples, ooooooh yeah. More, more, faster, almost baby, suck my clit harder. Oooooooooh my god, keep going, keep going, almost, almost, almost, oooooh baby yesssss, fucking yesssss." She cried out as she orgasmed and held my head in a vice like grip. "Ooooooh Sue, I've got more, finger fuck me and suck hard on my nipples, please baby, please. Oooooooh fuck yesss, give me three fingers, faster, suck my nipples harder and pull." She cried out and it just made me even hornier to see her so hot and know that she had had my Dads penis in her pussy and mouth.

She was again on the brink of orgasm and I felt that way myself so I started to masturbate myself while I continued finger fucking her and sucking her tits.

"Oooooooh Sue, I'm cummin again baby, hurry, finish me off." She cried and we both wailed out loud as we both orgasmed together.

Neither of us had heard the door partially open a crack.

-----------

After we had come down off our orgasmic high we both went into the pool and swam a few lengths, then we got out and dried off and went back to the house.

Karen decided that she would go home and have supper with her Dad so I got on with making a chicken stir-fry and rice for Dad and myself.

Everything was just about cooked so I went straight into his bedroom to check on Dad and he was laid on the top of the bed naked apart from his shorts, which were around his ankles. His hand was holding a towel at the front between his legs so I couldn't see anything else. I shook his shoulder, which startled him and told him that supper was ready in a few minutes and then I left and grinned all the way back to the kitchen.

"I just made a light supper, incase you weren't too hungry, Dad." I said when he came into the kitchen.

"Oh that's fine Sue, I must have fallen asleep, sorry."

"Well I did knock, Dad. I figured you would be decent, haha."

"Hmmm, well I almost was, haha, except for my bare arse."

"Its no problem Dad, nice arse though." I said and laughed.

"Thank you, but not as nice as yours."

"Oh I don't know. Hey why don't you have a swim with me after supper, we can skinny dip, Karen has gone home."

"I don't think we should be doing things like that."

"Why not Dad, it's perfectly natural, I have been to a few nude beaches you know. People in nudist camps and on nude beaches do that all the time. Are you shy?"

"No, I'm not really shy, it's just that I have never considered doing that kind of thing in front of my daughter, but I'll think about it."

"Good, now eat up while its warm. It's only on weekends that we manage to eat together."

"Yes, we don't get to spend much time together, do we." He said.

"Not really Dad and I think we should."

--------

After supper I did the dishes and then we sat on the patio and chatted about his business trip for a while before changing the conversation back to the new pool.

"I think the pool was a great idea, Dad. I'm getting lots of enjoyment out of it and exercise."

"Yes I see that and I like swimming too, but it's been so long. I only ever managed to swim when we were on vacation and only if your Mom had nothing else planned for me."

"There's no reason now why you can't have an early morning swim and an evening swim everyday, Dad."

"That's true, if I make the time."

"So lets make the time now and have an evening swim. Okay?"

"Sure, why not. But I'm not..." He said and I cut him off.

"Dad, you'll make me feel bad if you don't. I've seen it before you know."

"When?"

"Several times in the past, by accident of course. So just do it and let's get to the swimming part."

"Do you undress here or in the pump house?"

"Here."

"Oh, I thought I saw you and Karen going to the pump house."

"There's extra towels in there."

"Tell me sweetheart, are you having a relationship with Karen?"

"Why do you ask, Dad?"

"To be honest, I walked over to the pump house this afternoon, but I turned back after peeking through the door. It looked like you didn't want to be disturbed."

"Oops. Were you disappointed in me, Dad?"

"No sweetheart, I could never be disappointed with you. To be honest, I found it very erotic."

"So that's when you went back to bed and... You know what, with your shorts down to your ankles and a towel in hand?"

"Do I have to admit to something like that, especially when my own daughter was involved?"

"Dad, I am bi-sexual, but what you did was perfectly natural, all men do it and girls do it too. I'm not judging you in anyway Dad. Let's go and enjoy the pool together."

I undressed in my bedroom and wrapped a towel around me and brought an extra towel for Dad and pushed him into his bedroom to undress. He came out wearing a towel so I took him by the hand and we walked out to the pool.

"You can't go in with the towel on, Dad, haha." I said as I dropped my towel and turned to face him. "Let me help you." I said as I slowly removed the towel from his body.

"Dad, why are you so shy, you should be proud of your manliness." I said as I looked down and smiled.

"You have such a way with words, sweetheart." He said as he turned and slipped into the water.

We swam up and down the pool and stopped a few times to chat about various things. I noticed in time that he had become more relaxed and wasn't trying to cover himself so much.

"Do you like diving into the pool, Dad?" I asked.

"Yes, I used to dive in school when I was a boy and got a silver medal."

"Lets do a few dives into the deep end then, Dad." I said as we swam towards the deep end of the pool.

I climbed out and Dad followed then I positioned myself and dived in first so that hopefully I could surface first and watch Dad. He barely made a splash and surfaced further down the pool.

"Wow, that was good, Dad. You should have gotten Gold, haha."

"It's the technique really, how to keep your arms and legs together and position your hands. Then you need enough spring in your feet to get yourself positioned for a good entry."

"Can you help me improve, Dad?"

"Sure, get out again and I'll show you."

We stood side by side and he told me to raise my arms, then he stood behind me and adjusted my arms and shoulders. He pushed my knees together and told me to bring my feet in then he ran his hand down my back.

"Now you need to be at the edge with your big toes almost touching. Straighten your back, take a breath and hold out your chest, lift your head and look straight ahead. When you enter the water, let your fingers slice through the water and keep your feet together. Ok go ahead."

"Much better." He yelled as I surfaced and then I watched as he dived in and realized that his penis had grown somewhat.

"One more time Dad." I said as I climbed out again and he followed.

He stood behind me again and pulled back gently on my shoulders and pushed in on my lower back, then he ran his hands down the outside of my legs to close them tightly together. He reached around to lift and straighten my arms and I felt his penis brush past my butt. I automatically moved back for just a split second and smiled to myself.

"Okay, you're ready." He said and I made the best dive that I had ever made.

"Excellent, that was much better." He said as I surfaced again.

"Great, stay there, I'll try one more time."

Again he stood behind me and eased back gently on my shoulders then pushed in gently on my lower back. His hands ran down the outside of my legs to close them tightly together. He reached around to lift and straighten my arms and this time his penis didn't just brush past my butt it pressed against my butt cheeks.

I put one hand behind me and grasped his stiffening penis then I turned fully around and kissed him on the lips.

"Dad, do you know why I went to the pump house with Karen? It was after she told me about what you two did and I was so jealous that it made me so damn hot and horny, to know that some other girl had had my Dad before me." I said softly as both my hands caressed his genitals.

He wrapped his arms around me and our bodies pressed tightly together as we continued kissing more passionately.

"I'm sorry you had to find out, but she was throwing herself on me and it's been so long since I had sex, I'm only human sweetheart."

"Dad, you don't have to go without sex, I want you in the worst way. I can look after all of your needs, you don't have to go in your bedroom and jack off."

"Oh sweetheart I've never really looked on you that way, if I have I've gone out of the way until the feeling passed."

"Let's go back to the house." I said as I took his hand and scooped up a towel with the other hand.

"You still have an erection Daddy and my pussy is getting so wet. It's time to feel your little girls body like you've never done before and make her feel good." I said as we embraced after we had been inside a few minutes.

"It's no longer a little girls body, it's the body of a beautiful young woman."

"Then feel it, it's all yours Daddy." I said as his hands stroked down my back and rested on my bottom.

"Oh sweetheart, you are so beautiful." He said as he eased me close to him and his hard penis made a dent in my belly.

"Take me Daddy please, make love to me, fill me with your love juices and make me cum. Please Daddy."

He swept me up into his arms and carried me to his bedroom and then laid me down on his bed. He leaned forward and kissed me tenderly as his hand gently massaged my breast.

I stroked his head and ran my fingers through his hair as I looked deeply into his eyes before his mouth went down over my right nipple. I arched my back and lifted my bottom off the bed as I experienced wonderful sensations from his mouth work.

His tongue swirled around my breasts and then slowly licked a line down past my belly. I opened my legs wide and lifted my knees then arched my back again when his tongue found my inflamed clit. My hands desperately sought out his balls and his penis, which I stroked lightly until I got closer with my mouth.

I licked the underside of his balls and gently pressed my open lips against them until he wriggled around and then I could reach his hard penis.

I licked up and down the shaft and around his balls as best I could while he drove my clit insane. 

My Harem of Older Men Ch. 03
byAmyfriend©

He may not have been quite as large as Mr. Worthington was, but he was circumcised and had a large swollen cockhead.

"Oooooooh my god, oooooooh daddy, oooooooh daddy, oooooooh daddy." I cried as I thrusted upwards into his mouth.

I struggled to get him in my mouth but I had to quickly break away as a huge orgasm rumbled through my body and forced me to arch my back uncontrollably then grip the blankets tightly.

"Oooooooh my god, oooooooh daddy, take me, take me now." I cried out as his tongue lapped between my wet pussy lips, faster and faster.

"Oooooooh daddy, I'm cummin again." I cried out as I forced myself to move enough to get his swollen penis in my mouth. I was completely out of breath and sucking on his manhood like a child sucks on a soother.

"Please fuck me Daddy, please, please."

He quickly swiveled around and positioned himself between my wide-open legs so I reached down and took hold of his penis then rubbed it between my wet pussy lips. I thrusted into him just before he pushed forward and sank his hard swollen member deep inside my pussy and then he started to fuck me, I mean he really fucked me with feeling and desire.

Within minutes my mouth opened wide and my back arched again when the huge orgasm came over me like a shockwave and his wet lips came down on mine. I gripped his arse cheeks and felt the tension in his body as he tried desperately to holdback a few moments longer.

"Oooooooh cum for me Daddy, fill me with your cum juices. Ooooooh fuck, push deep and give it all to your daughter. Quickly Daddy I'm cummin again..." I cried out as I thrusted into him as best I could.

He let out a huge sigh and then pushed deep inside me as I felt his throbbing penis unload his warm juices.

"Keep going daddy, keep going, oooooooh god yesss, yesssss, yesssss you big fucking stud, fuck your baby girl harder." I cried as I dug my heels into his butt cheeks as our pubic bones slapped against each other.

"Wow." He said as he briefly removed his lips from mine.

"Oh Daddy, Mom must have been a total fruitcake to leave you."

"Sweetheart, she never had half of your capabilities in bed."

"Daddy, I've been fucked many times before but that was by far the very best. So guess whose bed I'm going to be sleeping in from now on?"

"Oh my princess, my bed I hope."

"You got that right, Daddy."

-----------

To be continued... 

My Harem of Older Men Ch. 04
byAmyfriend©

The weather was absolutely gorgeous and I had my first all over tan with zero tan lines. My Dad was really impressed and he made sure he doused my 19-year-old body in moisturizing cream every few days to preserve his baby's soft skin.

Life was wonderful to say the least, every night I slept with my Dad in his bed and it was great, our love had grown immensely. It was a different kind of sex with Dad than with any other man, done with feeling, passion and desire.

Once a week during weekdays when my Dad was at work, Mr. Worthington would stop by and give me the benefit of his 8-inch stick of dynamite. Karen would come by occasionally and we would get it on, but she was still pissed off with me because my Dad had no desire to be intimate with her.

I told Dad that I didn't mind him having it off with Karen and if he was interested then some weekend he could have the both of us in bed together overnight. After he had raised his eyebrows he said he would consider it maybe one day.

---------

September came and the weather was changing quickly. I had signed up at community college to take a 2-year course in Practical Nursing. Karen, who had no will of her own, signed up for the same course, probably so that she could still be close to me.

In bed, Karen was phenomenal, she would do anything to please me but outside of the sex she was starting to bore me with her conniving ways. She was incapable of keeping secrets so I was careful what I told her and what I allowed her to see.

Luckily she took a serious liking to another girl in college and they had a torrid affair that gave me a rest from her for several months and gave her Dad a source of new pussy from her new college girlfriend. During that first year I just kept my nose to the grindstone and concentrated on schoolwork. Well apart from one very brief fling with a male teacher who I didn't have classes with in the 2nd year.

----------

In the 2nd year I had two entirely new teachers, one female, one male. The male Mr. Trafford was a huge man, slightly over six feet and weighing in close to 320 lbs. His belly came through the door 5 minutes before he did. It was hard to believe that he was married and had a kid as I envisioned his wife looking like she had been run over by a steamroller. How she could endure him on top her I didn't know.

The female teacher Ms. Rogers was from Quebec, she was petite and charming in a way with her French accent, short skirts and high heel shoes. Once I got to know her it was obvious that she preferred female companionship, as she seemed to have a chip on her shoulder regarding men. I guess she was a true Lesbian and not just bi-sexual.

I'm not really stupid but I also know that I'm not the brightest star in the sky and knew I had to keep on good terms with both of them if I hoped to get through the final year.

My tanned breasts seemed to catch the attention of both Mr. Trafford and Ms. Rogers, as I never wore a bra so when I was sat down at my desk they could peek down the front of my low cut blouse and get quite an eyeful.

Mr. Trafford was the first to engage me in 'adult' like conversation when one lunch time I was sat at my desk finishing off a piece that was due straight after lunch.

"You have a beautiful tan, I haven't seen any white. Do you mind if I ask if you sunbathe topless or do you go to those tanning salons?"

"In the nude actually Mr. Trafford."

"Oh wow, where do you accomplish that?"

"Either at my swimming pool or on a nude beach."

"Really, that's wonderful, really wonderful, so you have no tan lines at all then."

"None at all."

"Interesting. You would make a great subject for photography."

"Oh, is that what you do, photography."

"Yes, it's been a hobby of mine for many years. I used to teach it many years ago."

"Very interesting."

"Would you consider modeling for me sometime?"

"Wow, I don't know. Does it pay well?"

"I'm sure we can work something out, Sue."

"Well maybe talk to me after school Mr. Trafford, I have to finish this project for Ms. Rogers."

"Okay, how about the coffee shop down the road?" He said and I nodded.

------------

"Hi, what would you like to drink, anything to eat?" Mr. Trafford said as I walked in the coffee shop.

"Well after this afternoons session maybe a black coffee and a muffin."

"No problem, I'll have the same." He said as he ordered and minutes later we were huddled over our coffee and feeding our faces with a big blueberry muffin.

"Do you have a problem with posing nude, Sue?"

"No, not at all."

"I could make sure you get a good passing grade as a bonus, but you would have to keep that quiet." He said.

"Oh I like that idea, Mr. Trafford."

"But I would have to find a suitable place to take pictures. My wife never appreciated my hobby. Listen we all have a day off this Friday for Educational Development would that be too soon?"

"That would be fine, we still have the pool open so you could come to my place."

"Wonderful, will anyone be there, like your Mom and Dad?"

"I live with Dad and he will be at work."

"Great, give me the address and I'll get my equipment together and see you there on Friday about 10 am."

"No problem, bring your swimming trunks or you can use your birthday suit."

--------------

On the Friday morning Mr. Trafford arrived 10 minutes early and I showed him around so he could chose locations for the pictures.

"I do see some nice places with some partial shade right now, shall we get started? Or did you want a swim first."

"Let's take a dip and then start. Did you bring trunks?"

"Oops, no I forgot."

"Well you know the alternative, haha. Listen we can undress in the pump house."

He wasn't as eager to undress as he was to take pictures and I had to goad him to finally remove his underwear, which revealed a huge fat penis that was semi hard.

"My oh my Mr. Trafford, I guess when that gets hard even the elephants runaway."

"It rarely gets fully hard anymore, at least not hard enough to successfully penetrate my wife."

"Oh dear, what a shame." I said, as I took his hand and led him to the pool where we slipped into the water and he floated like a small boat with his pecker stood up like a bent sail.

I swam up and down and then stayed close to him as he swam slowly doing the breaststroke. A few minutes later we climbed out and he grabbed his camera and took a few shots.

"This is a first for me, taking nude shots while in the nude."

"Okay just tell me where and how to stand."

Over the next 30 minutes he took shots of me outside the pump house, on the patio, coming out of the pool, standing ready to dive, laid on the lounger and countless other shots.

Several times his pecker looked very much like it was going to make it to full attention and then it slowly receded again to a little better than semi hard.

He said he would like to go and purchase more film and we should dress for a while so we went to the pump house. I sat opposite him in the chair with my legs wide open.

"Do you mind if I take a few pictures with you in that position, it's really exposing you're labia and your slightly gaping vagina."

"I guess that will be okay." I said as he asked if we could take the chairs outside and shoot the pictures.

He slowly finished off the roll and after a few moments his pecker finally rose to its highest point of the day.

"Okay, I'm out of film."

"Holy shit, Mr. Trafford that suckers huge." I said, as I got closer and put my hands around it then knelt down as I slowly stroked it until he just sat back and sighed loudly.

"Oh god Sue, don't tempt me if you're not going to keep going."

"Just relax Mr. Trafford, I'm going to make this big sucker spurt like a firehose." I said and I did.

"Oooooooooh my god, keep going Sue, please, please keep going."

When he finally blew his wad, which didn't take too long it gushed out in rapid spurts and landed all over both my breasts and then down my belly. I had never seen a man shoot so much cum in one session and it stimulated me beyond belief.

"Oh shit, you may have to do the same for me, or get down here and suck my aching clit." I said as I continued slowly stroking and pumping his big pecker. I finally wiped it and then sat back as I looked down at all of that cum that was still all over my breasts and belly.

I didn't have to ask him twice, when he fell to his knees I opened my legs wide and put them over the arms of the chair as he buried his mouth over my wet pussy and did magical things.

"Oh fuck, oh yesss, oh god, keep going, keep fucking going, suck my clit, harder, oooooooh yesssss." I cried as I rubbed his cum all over my chest and anywhere I could reach, within minutes I had peaked and he was lapping up my cum juices.

"Geez my god, you are so hot girl. That's ages since I shot my load like that." He said as he raised his head and I saw my own cum juices drooling from the corner of his lips.

I looked down and saw that he was still very firm, then looked in his eyes and saw the wanton lust.

"Spread a towel and lay down on your back, quickly."

I knelt across his big belly facing his feet and hovered over his big flagpole, then held it in one hand as I pressed his fat cockhead between my wet pussy lips.

"Ooooooooooooooooooooooooooooh." I cried as it squeezed open my pussy when I lowered myself fractionally. "Ooooooooooooooooooooooooooooh, more."

"Ooooooh good god I'm almost ready to cum again." I murmured as I rocked up and down taking a bit more of his penis each time until I had enough to work with.

My hands went down on the ground and his hands came up and held my ass cheeks and then I started moving back and forth.

"Oh little girl you have a beautiful ass, I hope you're on the pill coz' this is too good to pull out."

"You wanna believe it, oooooh, oooooh." I cried out loud, as my breathing became erratic and tremors raced through my body.

"Geez keep going little girl, fuck my big cock, make daddy cum, let me see you squirt." He said as he kneaded my ass.

"Oooooooooh I'm so close again, can't stop, can't stop. Oooooooooooooooooooh, ooooooooh, ooooooooooooooooh, hold my ass tight I'm cummminnnnnnnnn."

"Yesss baby girl, yesssss nearly, Daddy's nearly there. Yesssss baby girl keep going, drain Daddy's cock. Oh yesssssss my sweet angel, keep going."

I seemed to be in a trance but I pushed back and forth, back and forth, back and forth until he held my ass tight and virtually stopped me moving.

"Wow." I said softly.

"Wow, is an understatement." Mr. Trafford said with a grin as I slowly lifted myself up off his big wet creamy looking penis.

"I'll probably leak for a week." I said with a grin as he slowly stood up.

"I think we better get dressed for a while."

"Yeah, I'll have a quick shower and make some lunch."

-------------

We sat on the patio and ate a slice of pizza each and guzzled on a cold soft drink.

"Sue, that was fantastic, honestly."

"I agree, it was great. I've never seen a man shoot so much cum before."

"I've always been that way, I think there was a bit more when I was younger and the wife hated the mess afterwards."

"Doesn't your wife at least try to jack you off?"

"Not in the last 10 years or so, it's been about 5 years since we had sex."

"How on earth did she take it all, its gotta be close to 10 inches long."

"She is a big woman and took my nine and half inches with ease. But she hated me to cum inside her and as she got older she complained even more. That didn't exactly put me in the mood for sex either."

"That's a crying shame, but I won't let you wait that long again."

"You won't?"

"No way, I want to get my hands on that big sucker again, every now and then. I really enjoyed jerking you off, it made me so horny." I said.

"Oh Sue, you've made me a very happy man. You can masturbate me anytime you want, so long as we keep it discrete." He said as he held my hand.

"I understand and that's definitely not a problem." I told him.

--------------

To be continued... 

My Harem of Older Men Ch. 05
byAmyfriend©

Remember in Chapter One, I told you that I was kept more or less satisfied today by my personal Harem of 12 older men and three young women aged between 18 and 39 years old.

Well sadly I misspoke because the one woman at 39 years old I really shouldn't have counted; the reason being that it only took place on and off for several months during my 2nd year in community college.

But please continue being patient with me as I unveil my long list of lovers.

-------------

Several months into my 2nd year in college, Mr. Trafford my Biology and Anatomy teacher was already enjoying me immensely whenever we setup a personal session. He wasn't shall we say pretty to look at 320 lbs. But if you could get past that, then he could blow the socks off a highly impressionable hot young chick like me.

Now Ms. Rogers the new female teacher, who was a Registered Nurse by Profession, was extremely pretty at 39 years old. She was petite with dark hair and very charming in a way with her Canadian French accent, short skirt, high heel shoes, stockings, suspenders and she always showed just enough cleavage to tease any male suitor. Which she didn't give a damn about anyway because she was a lesbian.

She was a feminist through and through and she openly flaunted the fact for all to see.

As I had mentioned in a previous chapter my tanned breasts seemed to catch the attention of Ms. Rogers. Maybe she thought I was promoting myself as a feminist.

I never found a need to wear a bra at that age so when I was sat down at my desk she could peek down the front of my low cut blouse and get quite an eyeful.

I remember clearly the first time she engaged me in other than schoolwork conversation. It was the end of the day and I was among the last three people in class.

"Hay, anyone geeve me a lift to da garag." She said to no one in particular in her heavy French accent, which she could turn on and off at a whim.

I turned and offered just after a guy had also said that he would give her a ride.

"Oh maybe I go with Sue, yes." She said, as she looked at me and I nodded then she thanked the guy for the offer.

The others packed up their books and left so I was left alone with Ms. Rogers.

"I'll jus be a minute, I need the powder room." She said and a good five minutes I waited.

"Sorry, I took so long, can we go now?" She said.

She told me which garage and the location, which wasn't that far away so we just made small talk and we were there in about 10 minutes.

"Can you wait, I just make sure they have fixed?"

I waited and waited then I decided to walk inside and see what the holdup was. She was ranting and raving at the mechanic for not finishing her vehicle.

"Our supplier didn't send all the parts, they were out of stock, sorry. It won't be finished until tomorrow now." The manager said.

"Damn, can you take me home Sue, please?" Ms. Rogers asked and I told her it was no problem.

When I got to her little house she invited me inside for tea and some croissants which she had popped in the oven and asked me to listen for the timer, because she was going to take a quick shower.

She crossed between her bedroom and the bathroom several times in various states of undress and finally emerged from the bathroom naked with just a towel. Her breasts were still somewhat perky and she was quite slim, the only remaining pubic hair was just a thin vertical strip.

"Please take out of oven when she beeps." She said as she turned and went to her bedroom. Moments later she returned wearing just a thin flared short skirt with a blouse in her hand.

"I wish I have your breasts, they look beautiful." She said.

"There's nothing wrong with your breasts they are still perky and not too big for your figure." I told her.

"You think? That is compliment, yes." She said and laughed.

"Yes, that was a compliment. You have a beautiful slim figure that many women your age would die for."

"Tell me, do you check for lumps? Even at your age you must check for unusual lump in the breast." She told me.

"No, not really." I said.

"Open your blouse young Sue, let me feel for the lump." She said almost as if it was an order as she stood in front of me and dove in with her hands.

"Ah, that is good, they feel absolutely perfect, no lump." She said as she smiled.

"That's good then." I said with a smile as she coaxed my nipples to become erect.

"I hear that you like girls and chubby Karen was your favorite at one time."

"We were close friends." I said.

"She can be very passionate, but she need sticky tape on her mouth to stop her blabbing and to go on diet to remove few pounds from her ass." Ms. Rogers said.

"So, Karen has been here?"

"Yes, for few hour of excitement and she is pretty good in da bed. But you, you are different, you have so much class and charm with stunning figure. Do you shave all pussy like Karen?" She said before she brought her mouth to my breast and lightly sucked on my left nipple.

"Sometimes." I murmured as I was enjoying her advances.

"Can I see? You can take shower if you need." She said as she momentarily stopped sucking on my breast.

"I hadn't planned on staying, Ms. Rogers."

"But Daddy does not get home while late, right?"

"You seem to know lots about me." I said as I held her head against my chest while she continued sucking on my other nipple.

"Yes, I have had my eyes on your beauty for long time. Surely there is no need to runaway without having at least one or two orgasm." She said as she stroked my breasts and leaned forward to gently kiss me on the lips.

"Maybe I will try that shower." I said, being that she was definitely getting my attention.

"I wash your back and more, for you my dear." She said, as she grinned and took my hand then led me to the bedroom to undress.

We both undressed in the bedroom then she took my hand and slowly sucked each individual finger into her mouth before we walked slowly to the bathroom.

"Mmmm you look so much better than I even imagine with your gorgeous firm arse and breasts, beautiful slim firm tummy, pretty feet and an intriguing vagina." She said softly as she stroked my arse cheeks and then set the shower going.

She stood behind me and lathered up her hands then not only washed but tenderly massaged my neck and shoulders. She applied more lather and washed my back then her soapy fingers roamed all over my arse cheeks. She turned me slightly and rinsed off some of the lather then kissed and licked my ass cheeks while her hands washed my legs down to my toes and back up to my thighs.

"Turn around my sweet pumpkin." She said as she stood and then she kissed my nose, my cheeks and my lips. Her soapy hands cupped my breasts and massaged the nipples until they were fully erect, then one hand slid down my belly and tenderly washed between my legs.

Slowly she knelt and kissed my soapy belly then she let her tongue drag down through my small tuft of pubic hair until it was pressing then lapping between my puffy lips.

"Ah what an exquisite vagina with such beautiful suckable lips and a delightful clitoris for me to tease, truly one of gods great works of art. By the way I have already showered but I am available if you need to wash me again." She said as she stood and handed me the hair shampoo then knelt in front of me again and put her hands around my bum.

I let the shower water play down on her soft silky head of dark hair before I squeezed shampoo on her head then I very slowly rubbed it into her hair while her talented tongue licked my clit. Her hands gently parted my legs then one rubbed up and down my crack while the other came in from the front and teased my pussy.

Unconsciously I was falling deeper and deeper under her spell as I squeezed my butt cheeks and slowly pushed into her face. I could feel the pleasure volcano deep inside me getting restless and knew that I was about to erupt. My legs started to tremble and my breathing became very heavy until I finally erupted and then I held her soapy head tightly against me as I rode the wave.

"Mmmm my sweet Sue with the juicy vagina, can you finish my hair now?" She said softly.

I gently raked my fingers through her hair before she stood and wrapped her arms around me then we kissed very passionately while the suds ran off her hair. We continued kissing until we were thoroughly rinsed of any lather on our bodies then she turned off the tap and we stepped out onto a thick plush rug.

She brought a towel around my shoulders then she briefly took my nipple in her mouth as she dabbed the towel down my back and all the way down to my feet.

"Kneel down, my precious." She said as she gently toweled my hair and brought my mouth to her pussy. I tenderly licked and kissed her pussy lips for a few moments.

"Come with me, now we play." She said as she took my hand and led me to her bedroom where I laid on the soft sheets. She knelt at the bottom of the bed and took one foot at a time in her hands then parted my toes and gently sucked on each individual digit until I couldn't stand the tingles that were running up and down my spine.

She came up the bed and our arms locked around each other in a tight embrace that made our breasts and nipples touch.

The desire became overwhelming to grind our pubic areas against each other and our moist lips and tongues met with a deep desire to please.

The tenderness gave way to an almost breathless frenzied free for all to see who could pleasure the other the most.

We frantically turned into the 69 position with fingers and thumbs in vaginas and anus. We devoured each other like animals to produce orgasm after orgasm until our vaginal cum juices were running down our very chins.

Then with most of our energy spent we just laid there sweating profusely and clinging to each other until that special after sex relaxation came upon us both and we drifted away.

------------

I was the first to awake and slid out of bed then caught a whiff of my body, which was already dried of female cum juices and reeked of sweat.

I wasn't adverse to the smell but it was definitely a female odor and I wasn't sure if I should shower before I left, but knowing that it could well lead to another session I chose not to shower. I knew that if I hurried I might just make it home in time to shower before Dad got home.

It took a few minutes to locate my scattered clothes and then to get dressed but I didn't leave until I had bent over to kiss her cheek. I stroked her slim smooth butt cheeks before I pulled a thin sheet over the open legs of her still sleeping body before I left.

------------

To be continued... 

My Harem of Older Men Ch. 06
byAmyfriend©

After I had finished my 2nd year in college for Nursing, I was lucky to get a 4-month stint in the local hospital as a Nursing Assistant and paid peanuts for my time. In effect it was not much more than a glorified candy striper.

Heaven knows how a person is ever going to get any practical experience without doing the work and learning the ropes.

But if I wanted to be a registered nurse then I would need much more schooling and at the time I wasn't sure how far I wanted to go with this career thing.

In the beginning I got to do all the grunge work, looking after bedpans, bringing an extra drink or taking temperatures and blood pressures along with shaving the odd pubic area before surgery.

But after about a month I was asked if I would do some night shifts as they were very short staffed.

It was quite different in a way, as there were lots of dressings to be changed along with many early morning preparations of patients for surgery or different tests.

I remember one such patient called Jeff (Mr. M.) who was a guy in his mid 50's and was due to be shipped from our hospital to a much larger hospital in the city at 6 o'clock in the morning for an Angiogram.

An Angiogram is an imaging test that uses x-rays to view your body's blood vessels. They often use this test to study narrow, blocked, or enlarged arteries in many parts of your body.

A physician will inject a "dye", through a thin, flexible tube, called a catheter. He then threads the catheter into the desired artery or vein from an access point usually in the groin.

Anyway about 4:30 in the morning I had to prepare Mr. M. and that meant shaving his pubic area so that his groin was spotlessly clean. I never really thought about poor Mr. M wanting a morning pee before I started and he had the better part of a nice boner all the time I was shaving him, haha. But in fact it did make it easier for me to hold the parts well away from the razor. Needless to say we both had a good chuckle about the whole incident and then we chatted for ages.

----------

The next night he was already back in his own private room and I had to check/replace the dressing that had been applied to his groin. I'll never forget the sight of it as he had a huge bruise and lots of dried blood from two or three attempts that had been made to locate his main artery. It took quite a while to clean up the mess and apply a new dressing.

I was very gentle and made sure that I stroked his genitals as I held them well away from the area I was dressing, but I wasn't getting a whole lot of reaction.

"Well Mr. M., I guess you only need half a sleeping pill, half of you is already asleep." I said with a big grin.

"Oh it hurts like hell all around my groin, maybe I can have a 'Rain-check'?" He said, as he tried to smile.

"Oh, Mr. M. this isn't Wal-Mart." I cackled.

"I know, but I wish that I felt better, then I would have really enjoyed that." He said with a pained look on his face.

"Don't worry Mr. M. you're not dying, you'll feel better tomorrow."

"You promise?"

"Yes, I promise, do you want me to ask for an injection for the pain." I said.

"That maybe a good idea, I would love to get a good nights sleep." He said as I made him comfortable and left, then about 10 minutes later I was back in his room to give him an injection in his butt for the pain. A short while later he was fast asleep.

------------

The following night I passed by his room to make sure he was okay and he told me that he had been waiting for me to check his dressing again.

I took a quick peek and told him that I would come back later when I wasn't so busy and change the dressing again.

"Oh good, wake me if I'm sleeping, okay."

"Sure thing Mr. M." I told him and went about my business doing whatever else was needed on the floor.

It was probably almost midnight when I got back to his private room and he was sleeping soundly so I wedged the door shut and eased the sheet back on the bed. I stood there staring at his nice looking penis and his huge pair of balls, which I gently wrapped my hand around. I felt him shuffle a little as I put my other hand on his penis and tenderly stroked it while my other cupped his big pair of balls.

His eyes slowly opened and he murmured, "MMMM." As I continued my gentle stroking until he was fully erect.

"Oh Mr. M. we must be feeling better tonight?"

"Mmmm, oh yes, I'm in heaven right now." He said as I continued to slowly stroke him and think about what I would do about the mess when he cum.

But as soon as he started to arch his back I knew what I wanted to do and I leaned forward then took half of his penis in my mouth.

I knew then that I should have gagged him first because he let out a loud sigh and I hoped that no one had heard.

About a minute later he was almost frantic and I knew that his ejaculation was imminent and that's when I sucked deeper, harder and faster.

Suddenly he erupted like a huge volcano in my mouth and his cum was dripping from the corners of my mouth and running off my chin. Oh fuck, did it ever make me hot as I thought for a moment or two that he would never stop cummin but eventually I did suck him dry after I had already swallowed a bucketful. At least that's what it seemed like.

"Oh wow, what wonderful personal care they have in this hospital." He said as we both grinned.

"Now stay still, while I change your dressing."

"Listen, I get released and go home sometime in the morning Sue, I guess I won't see you again."

"Oh wow. Well, who's going to change your dressing at home then?" I asked.

"No one, I live alone. But you're welcome to stop by and check my condition."

"Maybe I'll just do that Mr. M. I can stop by, not this morning, but the next one, after I finish work so it would be about 8:30."

"Wonderful, would you like me to have breakfast ready?"

"Great idea, I love Sausage/Egg/Cheese McGriddle's from McDonalds."

"Your wish is my command, young lady." He said after I had finished applying his new dressing. Then I made him comfortable and went on my rounds.

----------

He was released from hospital later in the day and the next morning after work I stopped by his house.

"Good morning Sue, I just got back from Mac's, so it should be piping hot." He said and I could see by the look on his face that he was pleased to see me.

"You're looking a bit better, Mr. M."

"I'm beginning to feel better already, I don't know if it's that Stent that they inserted or the fact that you are here. Probably both." He said as we ate.

"Well now you don't have that blocked artery so you will feel better, but one things for sure, you don't have any blocked arteries down there." I said as I grinned and looked down towards his crotch.

"Nope, no problems down their Sue, haha." He said as he chuckled.

"You're not kidding, I thought you would never stop cummin."

"You know, every woman I've ever been with has said that. But I've only been with two women in the last 10 years and one of those was my oldest sister, poor dear, she passed away 2 years ago."

"Oh wow, you slept with your sister?"

"Yes, I hope I haven't offended you, but the strangest thing happened. My wife ran away with her husband, would you believe. So my sister sold her house and then came and lived with me about 10 years ago. In the beginning it was all very innocent but then we started to comfort each other and eventually we just slept together. I remember that very first time that we had sex together and of course she was already fixed so naturally I just cum inside her. I hadn't cum for a few months so all day long she kept coming back to me and saying 'hey Jeff, I'm still leaking'"

"Amazing. So who was the other woman?" I said as we finished eating.

"She was a secretary from my office, a church going very plain single young woman in her early 30's. I was only her second man, the first was when she was quite young and it was just a one-night stand with a guy that took her virginity wearing a rubber so I was the first and only one to pump her insides full of cum. I think she thought that all men shot their load as much as I did, so she never really complained that much. She didn't want any kind of long-term relationship; she just wanted some sexual release and some comforting every few weeks. She liked the idea of having an older man like me and then not having any hassles afterwards. But after a few years her father died so she decided to move out west to be closer to her mother who was now on her own."


"So for the last 2 years you've been pretty well celibate?"

"Yes, apart from some self induced handy work, every now and then, haha."

"Oh my Mr. M. you poor dear. Listen, what about the dressing, have you changed it, yet?"

"No, I wouldn't know where to start Sue, I would love to take it off and have a shower, actually."

"Then why don't we remove that dressing, I've brought what's needed to apply a new one?" I asked.

"Oh wow, you are really spoiling me, haha." He said as he led the way to the bedroom where I removed his old dressing and removed the rest of his clothes. I took his hand and led him to the bathroom and put down the non-slip mat in the tub then set the shower running.

"Make sure you always use the shower mat in the tub to avoid slips and did they tell you back at the hospital not to open your legs wide and not to lift anything for a while?"

"Yeah, something like that." He said and smiled as he stepped into the tub.

"Do you need help in there, I need to shower too, I just got off work and I feel grubby."

"Oh I need help, I need help, I need help."

"Okay, I get the message." I said as I stripped off and stepped in behind him.

I took the shower gel off the side of the tub and lathered up my hands then washed his neck, shoulders, under his arms and down his back. I lathered my hands up some more then washed his legs right down to his feet before I came back up and washed his butt cheeks.

"Turn around Mr. M." I said and he slowly turned with his hard penis leading the way, but for the moment I ignored it while I washed his chest.

I lathered my hands some more then gently cupped his big balls with one hand while I washed his hard penis with the other.

"Oh my goodness, you look like an angel and you are so gentle and thorough with your touch." He said as he smiled and looked me up and down.

"Thank you, but now you have to wash my back... ... ... and the rest." I said as I grinned then handed him the shower gel before I turned around.

"It will be my pleasure and with your consent I will do it very slowly."

He was very true to his word and like the majority of older men that I have met he turned the shower into a beautiful meeting place for slow luxurious lust where he wouldn't stop until I had orgasmed twice for him.

His liberally lathered fingers and hands became sensuous instruments of pleasure that I wasn't about to stop until I had had my fill.

"Mr. M. you are truly wonderful, now what are we going to do about that huge swollen penis of yours? I could bend over and touch my toes, yes, no?"

"YES." He yelled and then we both laughed before I turned and assumed the position.

"Just be careful, let me do most of the work... oooooh... yesss... mmmm." I murmured as his stiff penis entered me slowly while he gripped my arse cheeks.

In no time he had driven into me up to the hilt and his big balls were slapping against me as I pushed back and forth.

"Oh baby this is wonderful." He said softly as his fingers dug into my cheeks.

"Mmmm, you got that right Mr. M. Now give me that load of cum deep inside my pussy. Keep going sugar, keep going." I cried as I moved my arse back and forth faster and faster.

"Oh baby, any second now, oh god what a gorgeous ass you've got. Awwww now baby, now, keep moving that ass, oh yes baby keep squeezing down on my cock like that."

Mmmm what a nice fuck this guy was, every time he spurted his cockhead throbbed and it seemed to expand. I didn't exactly orgasm when he fucked me doggie style in the shower but I really did enjoy it immensely and I knew he did.

We rinsed off and I stepped out first to make sure he had something dry to step on so that he wouldn't slip. I dried him off with the towel and then I let him finish drying off the rest of my body.

He was very sweet and understanding as I applied the new dressing to his groin before we dressed and went into the kitchen.

We chatted for quite a while over coffee and before I left I agreed to come by again in a few days to check on his progress.

----------------

I had found my calling in life and knew how I wanted to proceed with my career in the future.