 
Home | MuffDiver's Page
My Mother: My Lover and My Mistress
by MuffDiver
Copyright© 2010 by MuffDiver


Pages: Prev | 1 | 2 | 3 | Next

Hi Reader,

I thought that you might benefit from reading about how I lost my virginity with my mother. I think the whole concept of mothers fucking their sons has gotten a very undeserved bad reputation in general society and I thought my experience might help to put the subject into better perspective.

I know that often sons are taken advantage of by their mothers for evil and perverted reasons such as introducing their young adolescent sons to passionate sex with a mature woman for the purpose of addicting their son to erotic sex early in his sexual development and making him their private sex slave; or to break in their son's to sell their services as male prostitutes to frustrated women who want to be fucked by virile, hard, young cocks and have their cunts enthusiastically sucked and licked by young boys' hard tongues; or even to introduce them to orgasmic sex and far out sex acts preparatory to training and conditioning them for sale to service pedophile men who like to ass fuck young boys and have their cocks cleaned and sucked by them afterwards. Truly, those kinds of mothers are indeed evil and perverted and deserve the disgust and approbation of all decent people. They deserve all the punishment that society can heap on them.

My mother was not one of those kinds of evil and perverted mothers. She was, and is today, the most loving and kind mother that any son could ever wish to have. She never consciously intended to turn me into a motherfucker. But sometimes life can take funny twists and turns and create those special circumstances that can come together at just the right moment in time to bring a mother and son together into a very loving, monogamous, sexual relationship. When it happens that way, it can be a very beautiful experience for both mother and son. That's what it was for me, and to this day still is. So, I thought I would like to share my experience as an example of how beautiful a vigorous and complete, incestuous, relationship between a mother and her son can be.

I am now a grown man 27 years old with a beautiful and loving 25-year-old wife. And I am also still involved in a very active sexual relationship with my mother. With her loving encouragement, help, and guidance, I have broadened my sexual experiences with over 30 other beautiful young women before I found the woman who stole my heart. You see, my relationship with my mother is based on our love for one another primarily as mother and son and not just as man and woman. She wants what is best for me in life and understands the importance of nurturing and developing the confidence and self-assurance in young men that results in strong, healthy, masculine egos, but at the same time not to be afraid of expressing soft tender love to their women. So she taught me how to be that kind of strong, self-confident man because she wanted me to find a woman to love and who would love me with the same kind of love that she and my Dad had for each other. From my perspective she has succeeded, probably far beyond even her own wildest expectations.

In putting my story down in words on paper, I have tried to convey the thoughts and feelings I had as if I were still that young, inexperienced teenager at the time my mother claimed my virginity and introduced me to the intoxicating pleasures of the vast and wondrous world of the many varieties of intimate, erotic sex with an experienced and mature woman as she so lovingly taught me how to make love to a woman, and in turn took me to the highest peaks of sexual pleasure that I have ever achieved with any woman. But today I am now a computer systems engineer and software developer and not very adept at expressing myself in writing, so please excuse my clumsy prose.

Title: My Mother: My Lover and My Mistress

My name is Dan Cutler and this story begins when I was 14 years old, two months shy of my 15th birthday. My Mom's name is Angela and at that time she was 32. My Mom and I had been living alone together for almost 5 years since I was 11. My Dad's name was Herb. He had a brain tumor 3 months before my 11th birthday and passed away and that's the reason Mom and I are all alone now. Mom and I were both devastated when Dad died. Dad was the center of Mom's life, and when he died, she just gave up on life and went into such a deep state of grief and depression that I was scared she was going to die too.

I also loved my Dad and I missed him terribly. He was a great father who always included me in everything he did like taking me with him fishing, and letting me help him work on old cars which was his hobby, and always going with me to my Little League baseball games and cheering me on. It was the happiest time of my young life.

Before Dad died Mom was always a happy cheerful Mom, full of energy, always bustling around doing something and planning stuff to make our lives interesting and fun. She was a beautiful woman who always took great care to look her best, especially for Dad. I remember whenever I would want her to do something with me in the afternoon after school, she would often put me off saying, "Not now honey, later. Daddy will be home soon and Mommy has to go and make herself look really pretty for him." I used to laugh and love the way they used to tease and flirt with each other and kiss and hug all the time. And they had a habit of all of a sudden going into their bedroom behind closed doors at all times of the day, and they would tell me to amuse myself playing or watching TV because Mommy and Daddy had to take care of "some business" for a little while. I knew that they were going in to their bedroom to do something called "make love" with each other, but at the time I had no idea what that really meant. It just made me feel good, and yes, safe, to see them both so happy and so much in love with each other.

Dad had been the only man in Mom's life. He and Mom were high school sweethearts who got married just before graduation. (In later years Mom admitted to me that Dad knocked her up with me about five months before graduation but he insisted on marrying her so I would not be a bastard). They even went through college together with the total loving support of both of their parents who took turns caring for me for Mom through her first two difficult years of college, until I had gotten old enough for her to manage both my care and her college work too.

There are many other examples about their life together that Mom related to me in later years that I could write about that would demonstrate how deep and complete was their love for each other. Perhaps I will someday write about those as well. But for now, it's enough to know that I knew Mom missed Dad an awful lot after he died, but I guess I just wasn't old enough to really understand the depth of the love she had for him and the crushing effect his death had on her. But I understand now that Dad was not only my mother's husband, my father, our family provider, and the source of our security, but also my mother's lover and sex partner, and Dad's death had in a sense, brought her to her knees.

As I said, I missed my Dad terribly, but, as the saying goes, time has a way of healing great hurts, especially in young children, and after about a year had passed I was beginning to settle in to a new life routine without my Dad. I still missed him a lot, but I guess I got caught up in life again with school and friends and just growing up. But Mom was still a basket case. She didn't seem to care about anything anymore. She stopped trying to look her best and seemed to lose interest in all the things she loved to do before Dad died. Dad had a life insurance policy that left us with enough money to live on for a while and so there was no reason for Mom to have to find a full time job right away and she just moped around the house all the time in her nightgown and bathrobe doing nothing but watching TV, and frequently bursting out in crying jags for, what seemed to my young mind at the time, no good reason. I was worried for my Mom and scared about what might happen to us, but I just didn't know what to do about it.

This situation persisted for a long time until I was almost 12, and it was the saddest and most depressing period of my life. I tried everything I could to cheer Mom up but nothing worked. One afternoon a couple of days before my 12th birthday I was in my room worrying about what was going to happen to us and crying about the state my Mom was in. She must have heard me, because she opened the door and came in and said,

"What's the matter Danny honey? Why are you sitting here crying all by yourself?"

The flood gates of all my pent up fears and unhappiness just burst and I grabbed her around the waist hugging her tight and buried my head in her stomach and said,

"Oh Mom I love you so much, but I'm so unhappy and scared about what will happen to us. I still miss Dad, but most of all I miss the way you used to be so happy and funny and beautiful all of the time, always thinking of things for us to do to have fun. I hate to see you so unhappy that you don't seem to care about anything anymore, not even me. I love you so much and I want to make you happy again but I don't know what to do Mom. I'm scared Mom. What can I do to make you happy again? Please tell me Mom. Please, please..."

Mom started shushing me saying, "Oh sweetheart, don't worry honey. Please don't worry. Everything's going to be all right," as she sat down on the edge of my bed pulling me down beside her and hugged me tightly to her body with my head resting on her breasts and started gently stroking the hair on my head saying, "My poor baby ... please don't cry now ... don't you know that you are the light of my life? ... I love you more than life itself and everything is going to be happy and beautiful for us again. You just wait and see. It will."

And then she just continued to hold me tight with my head on her soft bosom stroking my hair, cooing soft nothings to me and gently rocking back and forth — just like she used to do when I was a small child, and something would scare me or, I would hurt myself in some way while playing.

She held me in her arms like that, rocking back and forth, for what seemed to me like hours, but in reality, was probably only for about a half hour. All I remember is that I never wanted her to stop. It was the most peaceful and contented feeling I think I have ever had. I will never forget how warm and soft her breasts felt on my cheeks. She was still in her nightgown and not wearing a bra and I could feel her big nipples through the thin fabric of her gown pressing on my cheek and occasionally brushing across my lips sending a warm tingly feeling rushing all through my body as she held me tightly against her body and rocked back and forth.

How desperately I wanted to reach out with my mouth and latch my lips onto those beautiful nipples and just gently suck on them. But I knew I couldn't because I knew I was too old for that. Even though I knew almost nothing about sexual matters between men and women at that time, I was certainly aware of the social taboos against boys my age engaging in that kind of behavior with any female much less their mothers, and if they dared to do so, would be viewed as some kind of perverts.

And so I was just content to snuggle my face into Mom's bosom, ecstatic in the knowledge that she still loved me. I was overwhelmed with the love I had for her at that moment. I felt so safe in her arms with my head resting on her soft breasts and the love I had for her literally flooded my consciousness driving out all my fears and worries. I just knew that life was going to be good for both of us again.

Of course everything didn't change overnight like it does in fairy tales. For the next few weeks I could tell that Mom was making an effort in little ways to break out of her morose depression. She started getting up with me in the morning to make my breakfast before I left for school which she hadn't done in over a year. I used to just fix myself a bowl of cold cereal and get myself off to school. And she was putting on normal clothes again when she got up in the morning instead of staying in her nightgowns and bathrobe all day. And when I would get home from school she started asking me how my day was and would talk to me about my interests.

So I could tell Mom was trying, but I could also tell how hard it was for her to be cheerful when she was still missing Dad so much. I continued to worry that we would never be completely happy again as we once were like she had promised that day in my room.

But the real breakthrough happened about nine months later 2 or 3 months before my 13th birthday when I came home one Saturday morning about 11 o'clock after having spent Thursday and Friday night on a sleepover at the home of my best friend, Timmy Driscoll. I had not seen Mom since the previous Thursday morning when I left for school. She saw me coming up the sidewalk that Saturday morning and was waiting for me at the door.

I didn't know that while I was at Timmy's house Mom had gone out to the beauty parlor and had a full makeover. She had gotten her hair cut and styled and had a full facial make over. Afterwards she went shopping and bought herself a whole set of pretty new clothes that highlighted her beautiful figure and stunning breasts. So when I opened the door and saw her standing there, I couldn't believe my eyes. She was my dream come true. There was my gorgeous, beautiful Mom in front of me wearing a flattering new dress, giggling like a girl with a big happy smile on her face, and her arms spread wide saying,

"Surprise sweetheart! How do you like your new Mom!

I literally leapt into her waiting open arms and began laughing and babbling away, "Oh Mom you're so beautiful. I'm so happy to see you so happy and beautiful again. I love you, love you, love you so much." And I thought to myself, "Wow!, my mom is a real sexy babe— a knock-out, drop dead beauty!"

And I said to her, "Wow Mom!, you are a real babe ... a stone cold fox! ... the most beautiful woman in the city. I can't wait for Timmy and the guys to see you. You'll knock 'em dead!"

Mom threw her head back laughing and squeezed me tighter in her arms and said, "Oh Danny honey, you don't know how good it makes me feel all over to know that you think I'm beautiful. I so want you to be proud of me again, and I'm so happy to know that you think I'm a stone cold fox, even though I'm not sure exactly what that means."

And then she pulled back slightly away from me and looked at me with a coy little smile and said, "But where did you learn that phrase sweetheart? I hope it means something nice."

I got a little embarrassed and lowered my head, "Awww Mom, that's just what Timmy and I call the real sexy girls in our school. You know, the girls we would really like to make out with. But they're all juniors and seniors and don't pay any attention to freshmen. I'm sorry Mom. I didn't mean anything bad by it. We heard it in a movie and it seemed like a real cool thing to say. It just came out..." And before I could finish my sentence, Mom laughed and said,

"Oh no, Danny!. You didn't say anything wrong honey. It's perfect. I love it that you think I'm both beautiful and sexy. I'm on cloud nine knowing that my man thinks I'm a stone cold fox. I haven't been so happy in a very long time sweetheart. It makes me feel so tingly all over." Then she hugged me even tighter than before.

We just stood there in the hallway for the next few minutes hugging each other and telling each other how happy we were and how much we loved each other. Mom's arms were holding me tight with my head resting on her breasts again and I was feeling that same warm and tingly sensation wash over my body again just like it did that time she held me close sitting on my bed. And I was thinking about what Mom just said about feeling tingly all over and started to wonder if she was having the same kind of feeling that I had. I could feel my cock beginning to stir as it started to get hard and I began to panic because I knew that Mom would be certain to feel my hard cock pressing against her body and would know that I had a hard-on. That would have been the ultimate embarrassment. But before it got very far, Mom took in a sharp breath and to my great relief, pulled her body slightly back from the firm pressure it had been making on my body and looked down at me and said,

"Oh my goodness, I don't believe I almost forgot. Danny honey, don't you want to hear my good news?"

I said, "You bet Mom. But what could be better than this." And again to my relief my cock settled down and began reverting back to its normal flaccid state.

"Well", Mom said, "for the past several months I have been looking for a job. We can't live on Dad's insurance money forever you know. And on Wednesday I landed a great position with DataTech as a software programmer and I start on Monday." (Mom had majored in computer science in college and had worked part time from home as a computer programmer before Dad died.)

And I said, "Wow! That's the best news ever Mom. Oh boy! Oh boy! Oh Boy! That's really great!" and I started hugging her all over again.

Mom laughed with me and said, "Yes it is my darling and I'm excited too. Everything is going to be different for us from now on Danny, just like I promised you. We are going to be happy again and have fun together, just you and me, just like we used to. Now let's go in and sit down for a moment. I have something I want to say to you; something that I need to say to you."

Mom then took me by the hand and led me into the family room and sat down on the couch and sat me down next to her, and then took my hands in hers and looked at me and said,

"There is something I want to say to you now Danny, and I want you to just listen until I finish."

Suddenly, I had this cold feeling sweep through me. Mom looked so serious sitting there and I was terrified that whatever she wanted to tell me would be something very bad that would ruin our wonderful newly found happiness. I was so afraid I couldn't speak. So I just nodded my head up and down yes, waiting for her to begin, and she started,

"I know I haven't been a very good mother these past three years since Dad died, and I am so sorry and ashamed. I was so wrapped up in my grief over losing your father that I forgot that you loved him too and missed him as much as I did. I should have been there for you when you needed me more than ever and I wasn't, and that was inexcusable. Your father would never have forgiven my behavior, and I will never forgive myself for letting him down, but more importantly, letting you down in your time of greatest need. I hope somehow, someday, that you can find it in your heart to forgive me."

I started to open my mouth to protest that there was nothing to forgive and Mom quickly put her fingers on my lips and said,

"No, don't say anything yet. I'm not finished. Just listen. Your father was my life, the center of my universe, my strength, my support, my love, and my lover— the man who was the anchor of my life. When he died, I felt like I had died with him and I just fell apart not caring whether I lived or not. It was you Danny, my love, who brought me back from the depths of total despair when I found you in your room last year crying over me. You unburdened your heart with all your love and concern for me and your fears for our future together. It was like a splash of cold water in the face. As I sat there holding you in my arms it came to me that you were not crying for yourself, but for me. You made me realize that I had been selfishly wallowing in my own grief and not paying any attention to you and your needs, while you were doing just the opposite, being the rock in our family, not thinking of yourself, but instead loving me, and thinking only of me, and how to make me happy. I was so ashamed of myself, and I vowed then that all of that would change. Dad is gone, and nothing will ever change that. We will always love him, miss him, and hold him in a special place in our hearts for as long as we live. But we have to get on with life, not look back, and be strong for each other. You taught me that sweetheart. From now on Danny it will be just you and me. You are the man in my life now— my rock, my strength, my love, and my reason for living. I will never, ever leave you alone again. I will always be here for you and all your needs forever. We are going to have a great life together my love."

And then she hugged me tight again and kissed me on my forehead, nose, cheeks, and lips, but not as a man kisses a woman, but as a mother kisses her son. I felt like I had just been given a gift from heaven. My Mom was back! ... and I was her rock! ... the man in her life!!. It was exhilarating and I was overcome with emotion and love for my mother. And I said,

"Oh Mom, I love you more than ever. It will be just you and me. Just you and me Mom. I'll always be here for you too— forever. I wish I could marry you.!"

Mom laughed and said, "That's sweet honey. But you don't really mean that. You are going to grow into a fine man soon and meet a beautiful woman who will steal your heart. You will sweep her off her feet and make her your wife and she will have your babies and keep your home. And when that day comes, as it surely will, that will make me the happiest mother in the world, and I just hope that you will still have room in your heart for your mother. But until that day comes my love, it will be just you and me my darling." And that's exactly the way it has turned out.

For the next couple of years, Mom and I had a wonderful normal life together. She was vibrant, happy, totally involved in my life going to my school activities, spending time with me on weekends, going to movies with me, eating out together, and helping with advice and suggestions on how to deal with girls as I started to notice their delectable feminine assets and struggled with the normal adolescent quandary of how to relate to them. She was very successful in her work earning three promotions in two years. In short my Mom was happy again, fun to be with, and she treated me like I was one of her friends her own age, never talking down to me and always asking for my opinions and advice on things. We were buddies and there was never any hint of anything sexual between us during this time, either by her or me. But that was about to change soon; for sure on my part, as well as on her part too, (but I didn't find about that until a number of years later).

I loved my new life with my mother, but life does go on and it was not too long after that happy day that I began my entry into puberty (only at the time I had never even heard of the word puberty and had no clue what it meant.) My voice started to crack and change, and I noticed a few wiry black hairs beginning to grow down in my crotch, and most significantly, I started to have wet dreams from time to time and would often wake up in the morning with a raging hard on. And I started to take an interest in the cute girls in my class at school, noticing their pretty legs, their spreading and shapely hips and tight round bottoms, and those pert budding breasts with their taught nipples— especially the girls who were blooming faster than others and had nice big soft tits that reminded me so much of my Mom's tits.

It was about that time that I discovered the pleasures of masturbation and used to beat off fairly regularly— behind closed doors in private of course. Like any other normal adolescent, my hormones were raging, and my interest in everything about sex took off like a rocket. I had my own little stash of Playboy and Hustler magazines hidden in my room to look at while I beat my meat. Timmy had snitched them for me from a big pile he said his dad had in their basement. He said his dad had so many that he would never miss them. Sometimes I would just look at those beautiful naked tits and pussies and imagine that I was fucking them while I jacked off. And sometimes I would just lay on my bed slowly beating my meat while fantasizing that I was sucking on Becky Hazlett's tits while she sucked on my cock and swallowed my cum telling me how much she loved its taste and the feel of it sliding down her throat while she begged for more. (Becky was one of the girl's in my class with really big tits).

Now lest you think that the bit about cock sucking and cum swallowing in my fantasies indicated that I had a sophisticated knowledge of all the kinds of sexual acts and pleasures that men and women liked, you would be wrong. At that very early time in my sexual awakening, the extent of my knowledge came from two sources; the bragging my buddies and I used to engage in as we lied to each other trying to impress each other with how manly or worldly we were, when none of us really knew what we were talking about; and the porno letters from readers sections in Playboy and Hustler where the main topics always seemed to be all about fucking, eating pussy, sucking cocks, and swallowing cum. Fucking I understood real well, and cock sucking seemed like it was pretty close to fucking, just using the girl's mouth instead of her cunt. But eating a pussy or swallowing cum was beyond me at that time. The whole idea of sticking my face, mouth and tongue down there where a girl went to the bathroom seemed pretty bad. And I for sure couldn't understand why any woman would want to swallow something that came out of my piss hole. But I thought that if they were in Playboy and Hustler all the time that there must be some forbidden, secret, exotic pleasure to be derived from them that I just didn't know about yet, and wouldn't find out about until I experienced them myself. So the women in my fantasies loved to suck my cock, eat my cum, and then beg me to cum some more in their mouths just like they did in Playboy and Hustler letters from readers.

I don't know when or exactly why it actually began, but I started to replace the women in my fantasies that I was dreaming about fucking and sucking with my mother. In my fantasies I would fuck my mom until she would scream with pleasure as she came, and then afterwards she would suck my cock until I exploded again and swallow my cum, and then she would beg me to cum some more in her mouth. Soon my mother became the object of all my fantasies replacing the Playboy bunnies and the girls in my class with big tits. I had many fantasies about Mom; mainly about her desire and hunger for having me fuck her and for her sucking my cock and eating my cum.

Sometimes in my fantasies she would be meeting me at the door naked when I came home from school and would immediately drop to her knees and pull out my cock and start sucking on it telling me how hungry she was for my cum. Other times I would be sleeping at night and she would crawl into my bed and suck on my sleeping limp cock until it got hard and then beg me to shove it in to her cunt because she couldn't sleep without my cock in her.

But as much as I loved those fantasies about mom and the intense orgasms that I derived from them while beating off my cock and shooting out my cum, each time, as I was coming down off my orgasm, I always had a kind of nagging, underlying feeling of shame in using my mother as the object of my sexual pleasure. In my innermost thoughts, I knew that people would find my fantasies revolting if they knew about them and I was afraid that there was something fundamentally wrong with me; that I wasn't normal, because sons were not supposed to have such feelings for their mother, and that maybe I was becoming a degenerate pervert.

However the sexual urge fueled by the ecstatic pleasure I got from beating off to those fantasies was so strong and compelling that I suppressed all those nagging feelings and rationalized in my mind that because Mom loved me so much, and I loved her and, in her words I was "her man", and it was "just you and me my darling," that we were a special case, and it had to be natural and beautiful for Mom and I to have wild, passionate sex with each other. Then finally, about two months before I turned 15, it happened!

It was on a Friday afternoon in April and, I was in school sitting in homeroom right after lunch listening to the teacher, when an announcement was made over the school intercom. After school baseball practice was cancelled for the day because the grounds keepers were re-sodding the grass on the field to take advantage of the favorable weather and practice would resume as scheduled on Monday. I welcomed the announcement because I never looked forward to Friday afternoon baseball practices since it meant not getting home until 7:00 pm or later— putting a crimp in getting started on early Friday night fun with my buddies. School was out around three and my buddies and I met up out in front of the school to decide what we were going to do that night. It didn't take long to agree on taking some of the girls to the movies at one of the malls to see if we could have any success at getting a few good feels. That sounded good to me and I saw Becky Hazlett (one of the girls with big tits) standing in a group of girls next to us about 50 feet away.

I stepped over and said, "Hey Becky, wanna go to the flicks with me tonight down at the mall." And she smiled and said, "Sure Danny. I'd love to." I said, "Great. I'll meet you there about 7 and maybe afterwards we can get some pizza at Tony's, ok?."

Then she flashed me a coy little smile from under hooded eyes and said, "Super, I'll be there lover, ready and waiting."

I walked back over to my buddies with a big grin feeling really good because I was sure I was going to get some pretty good titty that night, and with luck even more. I told my buddies I was set for the night with a date with Becky and would meet them at the mall around 7. Timmy Driscoll, my best friend, said, "You lucky bastard. Becky loves to have her tits massaged and nipples squeezed. Just don't squeeze them too hard so it hurts, or she will cut you off cold buddy. I learned that the hard way." I said,

"Thanks Tim. I'll remember that." And then I left for home really looking forward to a great Friday night.

I got home around 4:30 pm. Mom wasn't home from work yet. She usually got in between 5:15 and 5:30 so I decided to go up to my room and mess around until she got home. I laid down on my bed and started thumbing through one of my Playboy mags, thinking about jacking off. But I decided against it because I thought it might take the edge off for my date that night with Becky. My goal was to score at least a home run with Becky that night, but I dreamed about getting a grand slam home run.

Me and the guys on the baseball team had a system for rating our success with the girls. A bunt was just getting some good titty feels over a girl's blouse or sweater. A base hit single was getting inside her bra for some skin to skin titty feels with our hands along with some good nipple tweaking. A double was actually getting to lick and suck on her nipples until they stood up hard. A triple was getting a hand on her pussy and feeling it up until she got good and wet. But she had to get really wet. Dry pussy feels were scored as long foul balls. The home run was actually getting one or more fingers into her cunt and finger fucking her for a while. And a grand slam homer was finger fucking her until she came. The all time best was winning the World Series, and that meant getting to actually cock fuck a girl in her cunt.

None of us had ever won a World Series. That's something we could only dream about. When we would get together and compare stories about how we scored with our dates, guys would say things like, "Susie was really hot last night. I got a couple of real solid singles and then she let me score a triple for the first time." Since I had already scored a couple of triples with two of the other girls in our group, I was hoping to get at least a home run with Becky, and with luck it would be a grand slam home run.

But as I lay there on my bed looking at those Playboy air brushed pussies, idly massaging my cock through my pants, and thinking about a good strategy that I could use to get past Becky's tits and dry pussy tonight and score some good finger fucking, I dozed off and fell asleep.

I woke up with a start, in a panic thinking I had overslept and would be late for my date with Becky, and probably wouldn't even get a bunt that night. But when I looked at my clock and saw that it was still only 5 minutes to 6, I knew I could still make it in time but I would have to hurry. I jumped up off the bed to find Mom to tell her not to worry about dinner for me since I had a date and had no time to spare.

As I opened the door to leave my room, I heard the shower running in the bathroom at the end of the hall and figured it must be Mom. I started down the hallway to shout at her through the shower door that I had a date and wouldn't need any dinner. The door to the bathroom was about half open and as I got about half way down the hallway between my room and the bathroom, I heard the shower stop running and the door to the shower clicked open and Mom stepped out with her eyes closed reaching out with her arm groping around for a towel on the towel rack on the opposite wall.
Continues...

Pages: Prev | 1 | 2 | 3 | Next

Home | Top | MuffDiver's Page |   Feedback to author



 
Home | MuffDiver's Page
My Mother: My Lover and My Mistress
by MuffDiver
Copyright© 2010 by MuffDiver


Pages: Prev | 1 | 2 | 3 | Next

Continuation...

I couldn't believe my eyes. I was staring at my mother completely naked standing only 15 feet in front of me. I was transfixed as my eyes drank in her beautiful body. Her tits were magnificent— full bodied creamy pear shaped globes of soft but firm flesh with big light brown pebbly looking disks at the tips with big fleshy nipples in the center. Those were the soft tits and big nipples my head had laid on so many times over the years and that I had so often dreamed of softly sucking. I was instantly consumed with desire for my mother. I felt like I was beginning to live one of my fantasies. All thoughts of Becky and my plan for hitting a home run with her evaporated from my mind as my cock instantly got hard as a rock.

As my eyes started to move down my mom's fantastic body I instinctively opened my fly, pulled out my stiff throbbing cock, and began to slowly jack it off. My eyes continued down her body across her flat stomach to her gently spreading but perfectly shaped hips and focused in on her love box. It was topped with a small but thick bush of soft light brown hair protecting her clit at the top of the narrow slit valley of her pussy that in turn was guarded by a pair of perfectly symmetrical puffy pussy lips pointing the way to her love chamber. I remember thinking that it was more beautiful and perfect than any of the pussies in Playboy.

It felt like time had stood still. I was mesmerized staring at my Mom's body. My mind was on fire racing with thoughts of how much I wanted to suck her luscious tits and nipples and ram my stiff cock deep into her cunt, but it couldn't have taken more than 3 or 4 seconds for Mom to find the towel rack. And when she did, the sudden movement as she jerked a towel off the rack and threw it over her head and face to dry her face and hair broke my lust filled trance.

I quickly pressed myself against the wall of the hall opposite the side the bathroom door was on, terrified that in spite of her closed eyes, Mom had somehow seen me standing there beating my meat and staring at her magnificent body. When nothing happened for a few seconds I sidled down against the hall wall down to the short wall at the beginning of the bathroom. As long as I stayed close up against the hall wall opposite the wall that supported the hinges of the bathroom door, the short wall on the side of the doorjamb blocked Mom's line of site to where I was in the hallway. When I got to the short wall I chanced a peek around the doorjamb to see what Mom was doing.

She had finished drying her hair and body and was standing in front of the bathroom vanity counter in front of the long wall length vanity mirror leisurely combing out her hair. My heart raced. She was still unaware that I was just outside the door drinking in her fantastic body and beating my meat. I was still jacking off slowly because I knew if I let myself cum, Mom would hear and catch me immediately. So I was trying not to make any noise that would give me away, but at the same time I knew that I better sneak back to my room soon or I was sure to be caught by Mom. But before I could make myself sneak out of there, she put down her hair brush and I froze thinking she was going to turn and leave the bathroom and catch me in the act of beating my meat while spying on her. And then she did the most amazing thing!

She stood directly in front of the large bathroom mirror over the vanity, spread her legs slightly, and began admiring and touching her body. She took her hands and cupped both of her tits in them and began massaging those big soft mounds of creamy flesh and tweaked their nipples between her thumbs and forefingers. She did that for about a minute with her head tilted back and her eyes partially closed. I could see her tits starting to bounce up and down as her breathing quickened with short shallow breaths when she started to move her hands down her body caressing the skin of her flat stomach and round hips until she reached the top of her delectable pussy.

She slowly and softly caressed those tender lips with the fingers of both hands while gently pulling them apart to expose the soft, moist inner lips of her slit valley that was now wet with her pussy juice and slid two fingers of her left hand into the valley and started to rub her slit up and down between the opening of her cunt hole and her clit.

Her pussy juice was flowing freely now all over her left hand. She moved her right hand up to her left tit and began rolling its nipple between her thumb and finger, and started moaning softly, and then slid the two fingers of her left hand into her cunt tunnel and began finger fucking herself!

The sight of my own beautiful mother standing in front of the mirror moaning as she finger fucked her cunt was more than I could stand. Never in my wildest fantasies had I ever imagined anything so erotic. I was hot all over. I could feel the cum beginning to rise up out of my balls building to a massive orgasm and I knew I had to do something fast or be caught. Mom would look at me with revulsion thinking of me as a degenerate sick pervert who beat his meat with lust for his mother and I would die with humiliation and shame.

I pulled my head back away from the doorjamb and stopped looking at her; and simultaneously stopped jacking off and squeezed the base of my cock hard between my thumb and first two fingers shutting off the flow of cum from my balls to my cock.

As the heat of my building orgasm subsided and reason began returning to my brain, I decided to make my move and get out of there and sneak back to my room. But before I did, I had to take one more look. I carefully peeked around the doorjamb and what I saw made me completely lose it. Mom was taking turns swapping out the fingers in her cunt between her left and right hands that were both now totally wet and slick all over with her cunt juice. She was putting the fingers of the free hand in her mouth to lick and suck up all the cunt juice and then rubbing her hand all over her tits, and stomach smearing cunt juice all over her body before replacing the fingers of the hand in her cunt so she should could eat the pussy juice off of it as well.

All reason and fear of being caught left me. My mother was eating her own cunt juice!!! I went completely over the edge with insane lust and grabbed my cock to begin frantically beating off again. I think I was on the verge of jumping out to grab her and throw her onto the bathroom floor and rape her with my cock shoved deep into her cunt, when on the second wild stroke of my hand on my cock, my elbow hit the wall with a heavy thump.

I saw Mom's body suddenly tense and she froze. The fingers in her cunt stopped moving and she stopped sucking on the fingers in her mouth and cocked her head slightly as if she was intently listening for something.

I jumped back into the corner of the hall and bathroom wall completely drained of all lust. My cock had instantaneously and completely wilted in my hand as the blood drained from my body into my stomach and a cold wave of fear swept over my body and settled into the pit of my stomach as I waited paralyzed with fear expecting my Mom to rush through the bathroom door and catch me with my dick in my hand.

But when nothing happened for at least 5 seconds, I began to come to my senses and hope that maybe she wasn't going to stop what she was doing. Maybe, I thought, she was going to finish finger fucking herself and I could get away after all. Then I heard the shower door slam shut and I realized that she had moved to the back of the bathroom away from the door for some reason and wasn't going to immediately come through the door.

I saw my chance and took it as I quickly sidled down against the wall to sneak back into my room and made it through the door. I quietly closed the door and heard her walking down the hall as I frantically stuffed my dick back into my pants and ran to sit on my bed. I was just reaching down to button up my fly when I saw the doorknob to my bedroom door starting to turn and I knew I didn't have time to close my fly, so I grabbed the closest thing to me laying on my bed, the Playboy magazine, and quickly laid it in my lap, cover face down, to hide my open fly just as the door opened and Mom came into my room.

She had wrapped herself in a large bath towel that covered her body from her tits down to about two inches below her cunt and as she walked into my room she said,

"Danny honey, I thought you were at baseball practice. I didn't know you were home. I heard a noise and thought I saw someone in the in the hallway when I got out of the shower and got scared that someone had broken into the house. Were you just in the hall Danny?"

I was breathing hard, still pumped up from what I had just seen, and I looked down and away from Mom not wanting her to see my eyes and stammered,

"Uh, Uh ... no Mom. Not me, not me. I just was uh, ... I mean I was ... uh ... just reading when I ... uh ... when I fell asleep and just woke up." I was going to come and tell you I had a date with Becky Hazlett and didn't need any dinner when you came in and ... and... , and..."

As I was trying to think of something else convincing to say, I could see cunt juice that was still leaking out of mom's cunt slowly running down the insides of her thighs and the vision of her finger fucking herself and sucking and eating her cunt juice off her fingers came into my head and I started getting another hard on. As my cock rapidly grew it pushed its way out through my still open fly that I had not had time to button up until about 2 or 3 inches of it was poking out of my fly under the Playboy magazine on my lap. I leaned over with my forearm resting on the Playboy pushing it down so my stiffening cock wouldn't make it move.

I was trapped! Sweat started to break out on my forehead. There was nothing I could do and could only hope that Mom would believe my story and leave my room. Then Mom said,

"Danny look at me. Look at me now," in that sharp tone of voice she always used when she knew I was hiding something from her. Then she said,

"What's going on here Danny? You're sweating and your face is flushed. What is that magazine you're reading?," and before I could answer she grabbed the Playboy out of my lap and saw the cover and then saw my hard cock poking out of my fly. Then she said,

"Well, well, well. Danny have you been masturbating? Were you just out in the hallway going to the bathroom to masturbate?" Tell me the truth now!"

I couldn't believe it! My own Mom was asking me if I was beating my meat! She must think I'm some kind of pervert! I was mortified and I screwed up my face and put my hands over my eyes and replied,

"Awww, Mom. How can you talk about that kind of stuff? I'm not a pervert Mom. Please don't think that about me. Please don't... ," and she interrupted,

"Stop it Danny. Stop it now. Don't worry baby. I know you're not a pervert honey. Every young normal healthy man masturbates. There is nothing wrong with it. In fact every one masturbates at some time or another and I would be worried if you didn't, because then you wouldn't be normal. I still masturbate from time to time." That got my attention and I looked at her with a confused look and said,

"Aww, come on Mom. Everyone knows girls can't masturbate. They don't have cocks!"

"Oh yes they do masturbate smart guy. That's how much you know," she said. "They don't masturbate the same way that men do, but trust me, they do masturbate and they probably enjoy it a lot more than men do. I see you still have a lot to learn, but don't worry honey, I'm going to teach you and help you. Now calm down and tell me the truth. Were you out in the hall masturbating on the way to the bathroom, maybe a little excited about your date with Becky tonight? Has she been letting you fuck her? Is that it baby?" Were you hoping to fuck Becky tonight and got so excited that you had to masturbate?"

Tears welled up in my eyes as I knew I couldn't hide the truth anymore, and I started to cry as I totally surrendered and said,

"Oh god no Mom. I haven't fucked Becky yet even though I would love to fuck her alright. I'm sorry Mom. I'm really sorry. When I heard you in the shower I was only going to tell you that I had a date with Becky and didn't have time for dinner. I didn't mean for it to happen, but I couldn't help myself. When you suddenly opened the shower and stepped out completely naked with your eyes closed I guess I just went crazy. Your body is fantastic. When I saw those beautiful tits of yours that I have been dreaming about for so long I just couldn't stop staring, and before I knew what had happened, I had my cock in my hand and was jacking it off. And when I realized that you hadn't seen me yet, I pressed up against the wall and peeked out around the doorjamb. I knew it was wrong Mom, but I just couldn't stop myself. Please don't hate me Mom ... Please don't hate me. I'll never... ," I was crying and babbling on when Mom sat down next to me on the bed, put her arms around me and hugged me tight and said,

"Hush now my sweet." It's ok. It's ok love. Stop crying now and don't worry darling. I'm not angry and I don't hate you. I could never hate you. I love you more than life itself. Remember sweetheart, you're my man and it's you and me, right?" I looked up and nodded my head yes and Mom continued, "In fact Danny, it really excites me and makes me tingle all over to know that your old Mom still has the kind of body and equipment to drive a man crazy. You couldn't pay me a better compliment sweetheart than to tell me that it was my body that drove you to jack yourself off and not Becky Hazlett's big tits." When she mentioned Becky's tits my eyes got big and she said,

"Don't look so surprised honey. I know you and Timmy dream about sucking Becky's tits. I've seen Becky in her cute cheerleader's outfit and I agree that she has a beautiful pair of tits and I would be very surprised and more than a little worried if you hadn't dreamed about sucking them."

I wiped my eyes and said, "Come on Mom you're not old. You're the most beautiful woman in town. I've seen the way men look at you when we are out and about together. I love how they admire and stare at your body knowing how much they want you but can't have you because you belong to me. Even my buddies think you're the hottest babe they have ever seen, although they don't dare say it to me because they know I would punch their lights out."

And Mom laughed and said, "Well you sure know how to sweet talk a woman now. It's been a very long time since a man called me a "babe" and I love it, but you need to learn not to spread it on too thick sweetie. Don't you think you're going a little too far about your buddies? Surely, they're a lot more interested in all those cute, fresh girls at school with their beautiful young figures and big tits like that Becky Hazlett you're so hot for."

"No Mom," I said. "I'm not kidding. I even had to knock Jeff Parsons down a couple of weeks ago and warn him to keep his mouth shut about you or I was going to really mess him up. Timmy told me that he was telling some of the other guys that he would give anything to get in your pants. And as for Becky, she's not anything special. It's just that her tits are a little bigger than the rest of the girls in our class, but they're still just cupcakes compared to your bazongas."

Mom laughed again and said, "Bazongas?!!! Well that's a new one on me and I think a nice compliment too, so that's the way I will take it dear. But now we have a little unfinished business to take care of here. Tell me Danny. How much did you see when I was in the bathroom?"

"Your whole body Mom," I said. "I couldn't help it and it was beautiful." "No," Mom replied, continuing, "I'm ecstatic dear that you think my body is beautiful and exciting, but what I meant was how long were you watching me and what did you see me do?" "I saw everything Mom," I said. "From the time you stepped out of the shower and threw the towel over your head to dry your hair until you started feeling yourself up in front of the mirror and then started finger fucking yourself and finally began licking and sucking your cunt juice off your fingers. By then I was so crazy out of my mind with lust for your body that I wanted to jump out from behind the wall and throw you down and fuck you right there on the bathroom floor, but I was out of my head Mom. I would never have really done that Mom."

By then my cock had subsided again and was almost back to it's normal flaccid state. Only the last half-inch of the tip was still sticking out of my fly. But talking about what I had seen Mom do in the bathroom and telling her how I wanted to fuck her started to get me excited again and my cock started to get hard again.

Mom nodded and muttered kind of to herself, "I wish you had... ," and I said, "What did you say Mom? What did you mean... ?" But she shook her head like she had just made some decision, got up and turned to face me and said, "Never mind dear. We have a problem to solve right now." And then she said,

Sweetie, I don't mind the fact that you were masturbating because my body excited you. It pleases me greatly honey that my body excites you so much that it makes you want to masturbate. But we really have two problems dear. The first is that you were spying on me and that wasn't nice. I understand that the sight of my naked tits and pussy were so erotic and exciting to you that you lost control for a moment. But that still doesn't excuse you for continuing to hide and peek at me, watching me feel up my body and finger fuck myself for my pleasure. So far you have gotten to see me completely naked and watched me do a lot of really exciting stuff as well, like masturbating myself. That deserves some kind of punishment I think."

My eyes got big when she said she was masturbating, and she continued, "That's right Danny. That's what I was doing when I was finger fucking myself. I was masturbating trying to get myself off on a good orgasm. Like I said sweetie, girls masturbate too and finger fucking is one of the ways we masturbate. We also have other ways of masturbating too. But I will teach you about those some other time. So you see sweetie, you still have a lot to learn. But now, the second problem is, that while you have had all the fun viewing my complete naked body and watching me masturbate myself, all I have gotten to see so far is a very short 2 or 3 inches of your cock sticking out of your pants. Now I don't think that's very fair, do you?"

I said, "Gee Mom, when you put it that way, I guess not. But I didn't mean for it to happen and besides how can we make something like that fair anyway?"

Mom smiled and said, "I'm glad you asked. Now here's what we're going to do to try and even things up. Take off your shirt and stand up and drop your pants and shorts. You saw me completely naked and so now I'm going to get to see you completely naked. And then you're going to beat your meat for me so I can watch you masturbate just like you were watching me. Fair is fair. I think that will even the score for now."

I got up, suddenly self-conscious about taking my clothes off in front of my mother and said, "Aww Mom, I don't know about this. Do I have to? It's embarrassing Mom." She said, "Yes you have to dear. This will make you think twice before you try any more "peeping tom" stuff with me or anybody else again. Come on now sport. Quit stalling and drop those pants. You'll get over your embarrassment quick enough."

I turned away from her and pulled my shirt up over my head and then reached down and unbuckled my belt and dropped my pants and shorts to the floor. I heard Mom suck in her breath as she said, "Not bad Danny, not bad at all. You're in really great shape honey ... nice muscular back and great tight buns. Now turn around and let me see the rest."

The whole bit that she was doing with me had really excited me and my cock was by then as hard as it had ever been and was standing up stiffly at about a 20 degree angle from the horizontal. I turned around to face Mom and heard her sharply suck in her breath as my cock swung around and her eyes focused on it. She just stared at my cock and a strange intense look swept over her face as if she were not there anymore and she whispered more to herself than me, "My god, it's huge. It's already bigger than Herb's was, and you're still a growing boy."

I knew I had a pretty good sized cock that measured slightly over 7-1/2 when fully erect, but I never thought that was anything special. (In case you're wondering it's 8-1/4 inches long now that I'm fully grown). I mean I didn't know anything at that time about how big an average man's cock was so I never thought too much about it. But seeing the reaction on my mother's face made we understand that it must be pretty special. So it made me feel really good, cocky, and confident and I began to think that if I played this out right maybe I would get to fuck Mom. So I grinned and said,

"Not bad, huh Mom."

And she said "Oh baby it's magnificent. You just don't know. It takes my breath away. Would it be ok if I could ... would you mind ... Uh, uh, I mean uh, can I just touch it ... just for a minute ... please?"

This stammering by Mom was totally unexpected by me. I had become used to her always being very confident and positive in all her actions and speech. But then it dawned on me that she was really excited by my cock and wanted it so much that she was unsure of herself, afraid of scaring me to the point of refusing. That knowledge sent a huge shot of pride and self-confidence through me and I heard myself cockily reply to her request,

"Sure Mom, but only if you let me touch and feel your pussy. Fair is fair. Isn't that what you said?" My mind was flying again as I began thinking about my next move to get Mom to let me fuck her.

Mom didn't even blink or hesitate a second as she quickly ripped off her towel and said, "Oh yes honey. That's more than fair darling," and then reached out to hold my cock in her hand. At the same time I reached out and began stroking her still wet pussy and smoothly inserted two fingers into her cunt and began massaging it. Mom sighed deeply and said,

"Oh my, my sweetheart. You already know what to do with it now, don't you." And she moved a half step closer to me so that the end of my cock was rubbing the inner valley of her pussy. Then she whispered in my ear and said, "Honey, I was going to ask you to beat off that beautiful cock of yours so I could see you masturbate like you saw me masturbating when I was finger fucking myself in the bathroom. But I'll understand if you don't want to do that right now. So would it be all right if we lay down here next to each other for a bit so I can just hold on to your beautiful cock for a little while. Then we'll be all even again and you won't have to masturbate for me if you don't want to."

I could see that Mom was breathing hard and was obviously very excited by my big cock and wanted it in her cunt, but I also knew that I would have to play this just right and make her feel like she was still in charge but somehow get her to beg for my cock just like she would do in my fantasies and so I said, "You bet Mom. That's more than fair and I would love to lay down and just hold you for a while too."

We laid down on my bed on our sides facing each other with Mom on her left side still holding my cock in her hand and me on my right side continuing to slowly slide the two fingers of my left hand in and out of her cunt. We lay there like that for maybe half an hour not saying anything with our mouths but saying a lot with our hands. Mom was lying there facing me with her eyes closed and this beautiful contented smile on her face and moaning softly as she gently massaged my cock while moving her fingers around on it exploring every part of it including my balls. She would occasionally move her hand down to carefully caress and massage them and use her fingers to feel the shape of each testicle and gently squeeze it to feel it slip-slide away and then lightly scratch my cum sac with her fingernails before moving back to caress my cock.

I continued to slowly and gently slide my fingers in and out of her cunt occasionally stopping to gently squeeze it. I found her clit with my thumb and was lightly caressing it and feeling it swell under my touch.

I wasn't able to do much with my right hand except stroke her back and caress and squeeze her buns since Mom was lying on that arm as she lay on her side facing me. Her left tit was pressing into my right shoulder where I couldn't easily reach it, but her right tit was up right in front of my face. and I whispered,

"Oh Mom, your tits are so beautiful. God I have dreamed about sucking their smooth, creamy, soft skin. Could I suck your tits Mom, please?"

And she sighed, "Oh my god, yes, yes. Suck my tits baby. Suckle those nipples. Roll them around on your tongue. Suck mommy's titties angel. Suck 'em dry." And I reached out with my mouth and clamped on to that beautiful light brown circle of flesh on the end of that tit and began gently sucking. I could feel her flesh start to pucker up to fit the shape of my mouth as my tongue flicked out and found that soft delectable nipple and began to lick and roll it around on my tongue until it grew big and firm. Then I clamped it between my tongue and the roof of my mouth and settled down to suckling on that luscious mouth full of soft flesh. I was in heaven and Mom was starting to breathe deeper and moaning louder and after a few minutes started to hump her hips up against my crotch.

After a few more minutes of this I could feel the cum starting to stir in my balls again and whimpered hoarsely to Mom, "Oh Mom, please, ... please Mom ... I need to ... need to... ," and Mom said,

"Go ahead baby. Say it. Say it. What do you need? ... you can tell mommy ... don't be afraid ... tell mommy what you need and you can have it ... anything."

She was writhing now and licking my face, and I finally got it out and said, "God Mom, I'm sorry, but I need to fuck you ... please let me fuck you now ... I want you so bad... ," and she said,

"Yes, yes, yes ... fuck me baby. Fuck me right now ... shove that big hot beautiful cock deep into my cunt ... slam it in me and fuck my brains out. Hurry darling, hurry. Oh God, how I want your cock deep in my cunt."

I quickly pulled back from her a few inches and pushed my cock into her pussy and started shoving but it wouldn't go in and I frantically began punching at her pussy with my stiff cock trying to enter her cunt when Mom said, "Hold on baby, hold on while I help you. Your aim is just a little off." Then she grabbed my cock and placed the tip right up against the soft warm sucking entrance to her cunt and said, "Now ram it home baby. Ram it deep and fill your mama's cunt up with that fabulous stiff piece of hot throbbing flesh. Take me baby! Take me and possess me as your woman!" And that's what I did.

I rammed my cock as hard as I could into Mom's cunt and felt it sliding in all the way to the root and heard Mom cry out, "Oh, oh, oh, Unh, unh, ... God it's huge", and she started to moan and cry out, "Fuck me baby! Fuck me! But I didn't hear her because the deed was done! My cock was in Mom! She had begged me to slam my cock deep into her beautiful cunt that up to now I had only dreamt about in my wildest fantasies. I was oblivious to everything but how ecstatically good it felt to be pumping my cock in and out of Mom's cunt and hearing her cry out begging for more of my cock. I felt like a superman. Mom had begged me to possess her and I was ravishing her magnificent cunt.

Mom was scratching my back with her fingernails and digging them into my buns as she began to push her cunt up to meet the powerful thrusts of my hard cock and was starting to really moan louder when she suddenly cried out,"ow, ow, ow..." in rapid succession and then grabbed the cheeks of my ass and pulled me up tight against her cunt so I couldn't easily pump my cock in her cunt and said, "Slow down baby, slow down. God you're so big and powerful that I need to let my cunt stretch a bit. I have never been fucked like this before. Let's just lay here a little while now and let me enjoy the feeling of your cock in my cunt and let it relax and stretch a little. It's been such a very, very long time for me. Doesn't it feel good to you sweetheart?"

I said, "Oh Mom it feels fantastic. I never dreamed it would feel so good to be in a cunt. I feel like I am in heaven."

Mom chuckled, and said, "Yes, it is just like heaven, isn't it my love. But what do you mean you never dreamed it could be so good to be in a cunt? You are magnificent my darling. But surely this can't be the first cunt that magic tool of yours has ever possessed. If you haven't fucked Becky yet, surely some lucky young fresh cunt has tasted the power of your cock? It knows just how to totally possess a cunt."

"Gee Mom, I hope you aren't mad at me but this is my first time. I've been trying to get Becky to let me fuck her for months now, but so far all she has let me do is feel up her pussy. I haven't even gotten to finger fuck her yet." Mom exclaimed,

"Oh my god ... I never suspected ... I mean I never dreamed... , you mean I am your first!!. Oh that's wonderful sweetheart!. Oh god baby, you don't know how happy that makes me." And she began to smother my face with kisses.

We just lay there for a while with my cock in her cunt kissing and stroking each other. I can't begin to describe the state of euphoria I was in. I was fucking my mother, and she had begged me to do it just like she did in my fantasies, and she was enjoying it more than any other fucking she had ever had before. That was the moment I think everything changed between us. I no longer felt like a little boy, unsure of himself, dreaming and fantasizing about feeling up girls, and afraid of failing to satisfy them and have them laugh at him when he did. Now I felt supremely confident. I was a man and this woman in my bed was my woman; the woman I took and so totally possessed that she begged me to take her again and again. Yes, she was my mother. But more importantly, I was her man and she was totally my woman!

After a few minutes I could feel Mom's cunt starting to relax and she started to slowly flex her hips in and out against my cock, and I matched her rhythm making my cock begin to slide smoothly in and out of her cunt. Mom said,

"That feels wonderful baby. That's it baby ... just take it slow and easy and let that wave of delicious feeling build ... just like surfing darling ... climb that wave and ride it till it crashes ... God I've never ever had it this good ... Your cock is filling every part of my cunt ... Can you feel it baby? ... Do you like it too sweetie.?."

"Oh yes Mom. It makes me feel hot all over with little tingly shocks running all through me and out through my cock. God it's so good."

Mom said, "That's right lover. Just take it nice and smooth and easy and ride the wave baby, just ride the wave and let it carry you to the ultimate crest of sheer ecstasy..."

And as we continued to slide my cock in and out of her cunt, we let the wave of our rhythm increase in intensity and speed until I could feel the cum boiling up out of my balls and I started to cry out,

"I'm getting ready to cum Mama ... It's coming Mama ... I can feel it coming... ," and mom replied,

"Let it rip baby, shoot your hot cum into my cunt, fill me up lover, shove that cock in as deep as you can get it, I want to feel your cum in my throat and taste it on my tongue, fuck me baby, fuck me, fuck me hard, fuck your mama like she's never been fucked before..."

And then my cock exploded shooting load after load of hot cum into my mama's cunt and as I cried out in ecstasy I could hear Mama crying out,

"Oh, Oh, Ohhhhh ... I can feel that hot cum filling me up, shoot it to me baby, don't ever stop, ... I can feel your hot smooth cock sauce filling every empty space in my cunt, ... I'm cumming, God how I'm cummingggg, I'm cummmmmmmmiiiiiinnnnnggggg... ,"and her cunt muscles squeezed tightly all around my cock, she began clawing at my buns pulling them even tighter up against her cunt, and her hips began to wildly buck out of control as she was throwing her cunt as hard as she could up against my cock almost throwing me off the bed as she went over the top of her orgasmic wave. I think the only thing keeping me from falling off was the tight grip her cunt had on my cock.

We lay there in each other's arms for a long time with my cock still in her cunt slowly getting flaccid as we came down off of our twin orgasms. Finally, she said to me in between breaths,

"That was one wonderful, wild ride angel. God was it good." She was still breathing hard and I said,

"I hope I was ok Mom. I didn't mean to hurt you at the beginning." Mom laughed at me and said,

"Sweetheart, you were more than ok. You were fantastic baby. I have never been possessed and fucked so completely as that, never!" Then she giggled a bit and said, "But you did have a little trouble finding the right hole there at the beginning until I gave you a little help, but that's to be expected for the first time. As soon as you get a little more practice under your belt, which, don't' worry, I will take care of to make sure you get lots of practice, you won't have any trouble hitting the target the first time every time. And I suspect as soon as Becky lets you into her love box to win the World Series and finds out how good you are and spreads the word among all the rest of those hot young honeys that you are going to be getting lots of target practice hitting the center of those sweet, hot, young cunts."
Continues...

Pages: Prev | 1 | 2 | 3 | Next

Home | Top | MuffDiver's Page |   Feedback to author
\


 
Home | MuffDiver's Page
My Mother: My Lover and My Mistress
by MuffDiver
Copyright© 2010 by MuffDiver


Pages: Prev | 1 | 2 | 3 | Next

Continuation...

"Mom! I don't believe you said that", I said. You're the only woman for me from now on out. Those giggly school girls have nothing that I want anymore. You're the only woman I ever want. I love you mom and I'm yours forever. I'll never have another woman before you. And how do you know what the World Series means anyway? You haven't been spying on me, have you Mom?"

Mom said, "Well, as for the World Series, no, I haven't been spying on you dear. But I do know all about the system you and your teammates use for keeping score on how far into a girls' pants you get. Karen Driscoll told me all about it. She learned all about it one afternoon when she overheard Timmy and Jeff Parsons beating off together in the basement while they were looking at some of Fred Driscoll's porno magazines and talking about their success with some of the girls and which ones they wanted to fuck the most first. Karen has been my best friend ever since Dad died and she thought I ought to know how horny and randy all you young studs were getting. So you would be amazed how much us Mom's already know about you young studs sweetie.

For example, I already knew how much Jeff Parsons wanted to fuck me because Karen heard him say so that afternoon and she told me to be careful. I don't worry about that stuff though. It's perfectly normal for horny young men to lust after good looking, sexy women and brag about it among themselves. I'm just happy that I can still attract that kind of lust in a man. But I still love you for defending my honor darling."

"And as for not ever wanting any other women, "Sweetheart, I know you love me darling, and I love you too, and I'll always be here for you any time you want or need me day or night every day if that's what you need. But, Danny honey I also want you to have a normal happy life and grow into a strong, confident man who knows how to love a woman with tenderness and respect and make her love you and to be your lover and want to have your babies and keep your home and family.

Dive in to life Danny. Have fun, chase the pretty girls, and if you catch a few and they want you to, and let you, then fuck their little brains out, but always with tenderness and respect. Don't deny yourself. I will always love you darling. No one will ever love you more than I do, and I will always be your woman, companion, confidant, teacher, advisor, sex partner and anything else that you want me to be my love, whenever and wherever you want me, for as long as you want me. But I'm also your mother baby, and two things I cannot be; your wife and the woman who has your babies.

I know you know that sweetheart. So let's not have any more of this talk about giving up all the things that make life exciting and fun for a young man, like beautiful young ladies who are hot to trot after his body and are anxious for you to possess theirs. So enjoy the feast sweetie and fuck as many of them as you can before the one meant for you captures your heart. And when the pickings get scarce from time to time, you can always fuck me darling. I'm your sex slave now baby, and I will never deny you my cunt. Ok darling? Is it a deal?"

And Mom gave me a big smile and planted a very wet French kiss on me exploring my mouth and tongue with her probing tongue. That was a man and woman kiss and not a mother and son kiss!

When I came up for air, I said, "Ok Mom. I know you're right and yes, it's a deal. But it's going to take one very, very special woman, almost a super woman, to make me ever want to leave your bed and your fantastic cunt and tits. So I wouldn't lose any sleep worrying about it."

Mom laughed and said, "Well now it's a good thing that's settled because I don't think I will have to worry about getting any sleep any time soon for sure if that stirring I feel in my cunt is what I think it is. What do you think love?"

By now I was flying. All my inhibitions and old fears that my mother would catch me doing shameful perverted things were gone forever and I gave her a lecherous smile as I said, "I think mommy dear, that I am now going to fuck your brains out!... ," as I rolled her on to her back and settled in between her legs and started to thrust my cock deep in to her cunt.

Mom giggled and said, "Perfect answer lover, perfect answer. Shove it to me hard and deep." She sighed deeply as I pushed my cock into her cunt as deep as it would go and then as an afterthought she said, "And for your first lesson lover, this position sweetie is called the missionary position and it's perfect for sucking my tits while you fuck me. So go ahead and give it a try baby. I think you'll like it. I know I'll love it."

Well, I could go on and on and on about the details of all the wild passionate love making my Mom and I had with each other that night. That will have to wait for another story. But that's how I lost my virginity with mother. We spent about another six hours in each other's arms that night before we became totally exhausted. I think I fucked her over 20 times and we each had so many orgasms that we lost count. It was a night that will live with me forever filled with tenderness and joy and all kinds of fucking, soft soulful fucking, playful fucking, wild violent fucking, and discovery fucking as we experimented with different positions. She taught me how to fuck her doggie style, cowgirl style where she rode my cock with me on my back, and lap fucking with her sitting on my lap with her cunt stuffed full with my cock.

The last thing that happened that I know you will enjoy reading about occurred at about 2:00 o'clock in the morning. We had just finished another round of really good fucking and were laying there in each other's arms totally exhausted and starting to finally drift off to sleep, when I vaguely felt Mom take my soft, spent dick into her hand and whisper in my ear,

"Are you asleep yet dear?" I mumbled, "Not yet Mom, but almost." Then she said, "I just want to tell you sweetheart that this was the most wonderful exciting night I have ever had. My heart is singing with my love for you and I'm so happy that I, your mother, am the first woman you chose to satisfy your needs. You were wonderful my love, but mother's have needs too sweetheart, and I still have one little lingering need that I so want to satisfy with you before this night is over. I know you're tired honey, but I hope you won't mind helping me with this one little need of mine sweetheart?"

And before I could answer she wrapped her lips around my semi-hard cock, and began gently sucking on it to make it hard again. This was the first time that she had ever had my cock in her mouth. It was as if I had been hit with a bolt of lighting. Every nerve ending in my body was on fire. I finally was getting to feel that intense surge of pleasure that until now I had only read about in the pages of Playboy and Hustler when they described how sluts and whores would suck the cocks of their men driving them to peaks of ecstasy that I could only imagine. But this was not my imagination. It was my mother and not some slut or whore who had my cock in her mouth! The reality of my mother's mouth sucking my cock, caressing it with her hot tongue and gently nibbling at the head and glans with her teeth was driving me into a state of such sheer ecstasy that far exceeded any that I could have ever imagined.

After a few minutes of this mind blowing cock sucking just as I thought I was going to blow my load down her throat, she stopped sucking for a moment and turned her face up to me with the most evil, sultry, languid look I have ever seen staring straight into my eyes and said in a low throaty voice,

"And now baby, I want to taste that wonderful cock sauce of yours. I want you to fill my mouth with your hot cum so I can savor its taste and smooth creamy texture and swallow it down my throat and feel it slithering and sliding all over my insides as it spreads and coats my throat and every part of my insides all over. I need to have your hot, manly cock sauce inside every part of my body my darling. Fill me up baby. Empty your balls into your mother's mouth."

And then shifting into a sweet little innocent high pitched girlish voice she smiled coyly like a little girl and said,

"Do you think you can do that for mommy baby? Do you think you can do just that one little thing for your sweet little mommy?"

By then I was so wild with lust and desire for mom I couldn't speak and just grabbed the back of her head and shoved my cock back into her mouth and she began to both jack it off and suck it off at the same time until I soon exploded in at least 5 huge loads of cum which she managed to swallow without losing a drop.

When I finished shooting my thick wads of hot cum, she continued sucking and squeezing the length of my cock to make sure she drained every last residual drop still remaining in my piss hole just like you squeeze a tube of toothpaste to get the last bit of toothpaste. Afterwards she gave me a sexy satisfied smile with her cum coated lips, and said,

"Well you never answered mommy sweetie, but no matter, I think it's obvious that you didn't mind at all helping mommy with her little need. That was the most delicious cock sauce I have ever had. So don't you dare ever waste any of it jacking off again whenever I'm around sweetheart. I'll always be ready at anytime, anywhere to suck your beautiful cock and milk it of that wonderful cock sauce. Will you promise that for me sweetie?"

And I answered breathlessly, "Oh yes mom, yes, yes! I promise. I promise!"

Then she laid her head down on the pillow next to me, cuddled her head in the hollow of my neck and shoulder, and reached over and wrapped her fingers softly around my now almost completely limp dick and closed her eyes and sighed and drifted off to sleep.

I lay beside her while she gently held my dick in her hand, and watched her beautiful contented face, smiling with those luscious cum soaked lips drift off into sleep. It was the most wonderful and satisfied feeling that I have ever had and I will never forget it. I made a secret vow to myself that no matter what she said, no other woman would ever come before my mother in my heart and that her needs would always come first, whatever they were and for as long as she lived. I have never broken that vow and I never will.

That was the wondrous night I lost my virginity to my mother.
Epilogue

And so began dear reader, the long and satisfying sexual relationship with my mother that has lasted now for quite a few years and is still ongoing. For the first four or five weeks after that fabulous Friday night, Mom and I made love almost every night, sometimes in her bed and sometimes in my bed. But no matter whose bed we were in, when we were sated and it was time to go to sleep the one who was not in their own bed would always leave to return to their own bed and we slept alone.

Then one night when I was in Mom's bed after just finishing several hours of soft, tender fucking and sucking with her, I started to get up and return to my room and Mom stopped me saying,

"Don't go darling. Stay here and sleep with me. I want to feel your warm strong body against mine. Come and cuddle with me so I can feel your touch and smell your strong masculine scent. It makes me feel so loved and safe when I'm in your arms."

And so I lay down next to Mom with the front of my body curled up snug against her back so that my cock rested in the crack of her ass cheeks with my arm around her cuddling her breast in my hand. Mom sighed softly and said, "Oh that feels wonderful my love, just wonderful..." As her voice drifted away and she fell asleep.

From that night on, that's the way Mom and I slept in each other's arms every night for the next ten years, until the night before my wedding. During those ten years Mom made me understand that a real man doesn't have to act macho and tough around his woman to prove he is a man, and he for sure doesn't treat his woman as something to just have around as a receptacle to ram his cock into or a ready mouth to suck it off whenever he feels like getting his rocks off. Instead she made me understand that a real man isn't afraid to be warm and loving to his woman treating her with respect and having the same consideration for her needs and feelings as he does for his own.

Mom taught me that if I wanted to be loved by a woman and have her willingly and lovingly satisfy my every sexual need, then I had to first learn to give her the love and pleasure she needed. Mom patiently taught me how to make tender passionate love to a woman which is the greatest gift she has given me— more valuable than all the individual sex act instructions she gave me on how to suck a woman's clit, or how to tongue lick her cunt to get the pussy juices flowing, or how to delay my orgasm when fucking my woman until she could have hers, or how to coordinate my thrusting with a woman's sucking when she was sucking on my cock, or how not to always ram my cock as deep into the back of a woman's mouth as I could when she was sucking my cock, but instead leave some room for her to accept my load of cum and roll it around on her tongue savoring it's texture and taste without choking before swallowing it, learning the best fucking positions for getting max penetration of my woman's cunt, or for fucking and stroking her clit at the same time, and so on.

I guess Kristen, that there will be some people who will read my story and will not understand the kind of relationship I have had with my mother that I have tried to describe. They will think that my mother was just a very smart, devious woman who knew how to take advantage of a young boy's insecurities and youthful overpowering sex drive to maneuver him into thinking that he had seduced his mother when in reality the reverse was true, and his mother had actually seduced and possessed him in order to make him her private sex toy for her sexual satisfaction with little or no concern for the healthy development of his psyche and self image as a man. In their minds she will have only turned me into something almost as bad as the pervert that I once was afraid that I might be becoming, and that's a low life motherfucker.

Well, that's alright I guess. I can't help what people with closed minds will think about me and Mom. I suppose the truth is that I am a motherfucker. But I know who I am inside, and I don't mind the label. The funny thing is that when I used to trade friendly insults with my buddies when we were kids and one of them would call me a motherfucker, it used to make me really fighting mad. Now when somebody tries to insult me by calling me a motherfucker, I just smile at them and think to myself,

"If you only knew, ... you would be a motherfucker too!"

I have been married now for two years to my beautiful wife, Linda. She is a stunningly sexy 25 year old woman who stole my heart just like Mom said would happen one day. Linda knows all about Mom and me and thinks it is a beautiful story and loves it that I'm such a loving, caring son to my mother. She has no problem with Mom and I sleeping together every once in a while on occasion and has told Mom that she doesn't even have to wait for me to come to her for a little fucking, and that anytime Mom feels the need for my cock to fill her cunt and mouth with my cock sauce that she is always welcome in our home to fuck my brains out.

Mom still lives in the home where I grew up and we became lovers. It's only about 6 miles away across town from where Linda and I live now and it only takes about 15 minutes to get to our house. So it would be easy for Mom to take advantage of Linda's offer anytime she felt like it. But she has limited her overnight visits to not more than 3 or 4 times a month because she respects that Linda is now my wife, the woman of my house and home, and is now my primary sex partner and she never wants to intrude on our relationship.

Linda loves my mother even more for her consideration in always deferring to Linda as the first woman in my life now, and really looks forward to her visits because we all end up sleeping together in the same bed and she and Mom take turns fucking and sucking me and occasionally jacking me off for a change of pace until they have drained me of all my strength and energy. (Mom likes to jack me off with my cock pointing straight up to see how high my cock shoots my cum into the air and then she likes to catch it in her mouth when it comes back down. When it misses her mouth and hits her somewhere on her face, Linda just loves to lick it off.)

Linda is especially appreciative of the way that Mom has taught her some of her special cock sucking techniques for using her tongue on the head of my cock to heighten the intensity of my orgasms as I pump her mouth full of my cum. Sometimes they make it a playful contest to see how fast they can reduce me to a totally limp and spent state, and then when they have totally worn me out they play with each other doing lesbian stuff, like sucking each other's tits and engaging in 69 style mutual pussy eating and cunt sucking while my balls are working on building up another big charge of cum.

Linda told me that she first found out she was a bisexual in college when she and her roommate used to eat each other almost every night before they went to sleep and she learned to enjoy pussy juice almost as much as she loves cock sauce. So she really likes eating my mom's pussy and cunt, especially since she knows that any delectable cock sauce that she finds with her mouth and tongue in Mom's cunt, could only have been deposited there by my cock. Mom is not as experienced at pussy eating and cunt sucking as Linda is, as the only time she really ate out any other women were on the occasions that she and Dad engaged in group sex parties with their swingers club. (That's another story that Mom told me about her life with Dad before he passed away several years after we became lovers that I could write about). Anyway, Linda says she really enjoys teaching Mom how to properly eat pussy and suck cunt.

Linda now says if we ever have a son she intends to teach him how to make love to a woman and teach him all of the special little sex tricks that will maximize her pleasure just as mom did with me, and she hopes he will be just as loving and supportive to her as I am with Mom. I said that would be great and maybe we could work as a team and I could demonstrate the techniques for him on Linda while he watched before he performed them with Linda to practice and develop his own technique and style. Linda said that would be fantastic and so I'm hard at work now fucking Linda at every opportunity to keep her cunt as full of my cum as possible to get her pregnant as fast as we can.

When Mom heard about the idea, she became very excited about it and asked Linda if she could help with teaching our son her special fucking, cock sucking, and cunt eating techniques as she is only 42 now and would still only be 55 or 56 by the time her grandson would be ready to begin an active sex life. Linda said she would love to have Mom help her with our son's and mom's grandson's sexual training. In fact she said that the three of us would make a perfect training team because Mom and I could demonstrate good fucking, cock sucking, and cunt eating techniques at the same time our son would be performing them on Linda and he could see in real time the correct way to fuck and suck his Mom's cunt. Mom is so excited about the idea that she is totally focused now on getting Linda knocked up.

The only downside to all of this for me right now is that Mom says I have to dedicate all my fucking to Linda until Linda gets pregnant and she is cutting me off with no more fucking and sucking with her until Linda is at least three months pregnant with our son. That's been six weeks now and I'm really starting to feel the pressure of not being able to enjoy Mom's special cock sucking talents and her amazing ability to control her cunt muscles to squeeze my cock tight to intensify my orgasms. When I complain about not being able to fuck her, all she says is that it's hard for her too because she has to give up my cock filling her cunt and my enthusiastic cunt sucking technique that she loves so much, but that we both have to be strong to maximize the chances of getting Linda knocked up. She promised that when Linda gets too pregnant to have heavy duty sex, that she will make it up to me with as much fucking and cock sucking as I can stand- every night if that's what I need, until our son is born.

But if that isn't hard enough to take, she has been bugging the piss out of me calling me at work and later at home 2 or 3 times a day wanting to know if I have fucked Linda yet today and no matter what answer I give it's never good enough.

If I say, "Not yet Mom, I overslept and there wasn't time this morning." She jumps all over me telling me to get my ass in gear and go home for a nooner and start pumping my wife full of cum. If I say, "Yes mom, I fucked her this morning before I came to work." Then she would say, "Well make sure you fuck her again as soon as you get home and then fuck her again when you go to bed tonight."

If she calls in the evening and I say I have already fucked Linda twice today and I'm on the couch watching the football game on TV, she would say, "Well fuck her at half time and then fuck her again when you go to bed. This is important son. You have to keep her cunt as full of cum as you can all the time." And I would say. "Ok Mom," hang up the phone and look at Linda and say, "Come on Linda, back to bed. Mom says I have to fuck you again right now."

Linda would laugh and say, "You poor, poor baby, don't worry honey pie, I'll be gentle with you. In fact, this time I'll just let you lay there on your back and I'll climb on top into the saddle and ride that big beautiful cock of yours and do all the work. And as I hump your cock, all you have to do is just suck my tits and fill my cunt with your special cock sauce, and then afterwards I will sit on your face so you can leisurely eat my pussy while your cock recovers it's charge. And when you've had your fill of my sweet cunt juice, I'll suck your cock and balls dry of that fresh new charge of wonderful, tasty cock sauce. Does that sound like a deal to you baby? Would you like that honey pie?" Then she would look down at my rock hard cock poking out through my shorts and say, "Never mind honey pie, I can see that you do!"

Life, reader, is indeed beautiful.

All my best,

Dan Cutler

P.S. In case you're wondering what happened between me and Becky Hazlett after I stood her up for Mom that Friday night; as you might suspect, she was furious with me. Mom and I spent the entire weekend in bed fucking and sucking each other and the next time I saw Becky was on Monday morning at school. She didn't even give me a chance to open my mouth when she stormed up to me and said,

"Damn you son-of-a-bitch Danny for standing me up like that! You made me look like a fool and I won't ever forget it. In case you're wondering you asshole, I was going to let you score a grand slam homer and was planning on later letting you be the one to break my cherry and win the World Series with me! You can be damn sure that now you will never get a piece of my cunt you bastard! I'm going to give my cherry to Jeff Parsons." And she left in a furious huff.

I guess I had a hang dog look on my face when I got home that afternoon and Mom said, "What's the matter honey? You look like you just lost your best friend." And I said,

"Almost as bad Mom. I forgot all about the date I had on Friday night with Becky and she was not too happy about being stood up especially in front of our whole gang who were all there going to the movies also." Then I went on to tell her everything that Becky said to me.

Mom said, "I'm so sorry sweetheart. I know you really like her a lot and really want to fuck her in the worst way. Don't you sweetie?" I said, "Yeah, that's right, but I guess I can kiss that goodbye for good now. That jerk, Jeff Parsons, is probably going to get that prize cherry now. But who cares anyway. I got the best prize in the whole world right here," and I patted and squeezed my Mom's soft ass and hugged her tight from behind and reached around to fondle and squeeze her pussy mound. Mom giggled and said,

"Don't give up so easy honey. Becky is your girl and you fight for her. I'm sure she would still rather give her cherry to you than anybody else, but right now she is just a little mad and hurt at being stood up in front of all her friends. What we need to do is to find a good reason for her to forgive you that will allow her to save face. Maybe I can help. I have an idea that might work. So let me see what I can do."

Well Mom got on the phone to Becky and told her that she knew that Becky was very angry and then told her it was her (Mom's) fault that I missed my date with Becky. She made up a story that when I got home that Friday afternoon I found Mom very ill with bad stomach and chest pains that kept getting so bad that she had to go to the hospital and I went with her of course. Then when we got there she really got worse and they admitted her into the hospital because they were worried she was having some kind of heart problem and they needed to run a lot of tests. And I stayed with her in her room all night Friday and all day and night on Saturday until they finally determined on Sunday morning that she had been suffering from a real bad case of food poisoning. Her condition improved enough to go home on Sunday afternoon.

Then Mom told her that I was really upset with myself for embarrassing Becky the way I did, but that I was so worried about Mom that I just forgot about everything else. Well Mom did such a good job that Becky either really believed the story, or was at least happy to believe it as a good face saving reason for forgiving me. I never found out which was true, but I didn't care because it worked. The next day at school Becky came up to me and said,

"I'm really sorry for what I said to you Danny. I didn't know about your mother being sick in the hospital and I understand what happened now. I really didn't mean what I said about giving my cherry to that jerk, Jeff. I was just so mad at the time that I just wanted to hurt you like I thought you had hurt me. Will you please forgive me?"

Well, Becky and I took up dating again right where we left off thanks to Mom. I still had to work hard to get her to share her feminine charms with me and over the next couple of months she let me hit a lot of home runs with a few grand slam homers in the group, but no World Series wins. I was beginning to think it would never happen and was getting tired of trying. But Mom said to hang in there because she had a feeling something would happen soon.

My 15th birthday came up soon after that and Mom threw a cookout birthday party for me and invited all my friends and their girlfriends. Halfway through the evening when everyone was having a great time, and some were dancing, some were paired off in other rooms making out and getting hand jobs and finger fucks and some were puffing on a little weed and telling jokes and stuff. I was sitting with Mom watching Timmy dance a slow dance with Becky when Mom whispered in my ear,

"Why don't you take Becky up to your room to show her your etchings Danny. No one will miss you two for a while, I'm sure."

I looked at Mom quizzically, and said, "What etchings Mom? I don't have any etchings." And then she gave me this funny perplexed look and said with exasperation, "Danny! ... You know ... your etchings damn it! Don't you ever want to fuck that hot little cunt?"

And then it hit me. I knew what Mom was suggesting and I said,

"Oh yeah Mom. Right. My etchings ... Great idea!"

To make a long story short, I said to Becky, "Let's go up to my room and make out for a little while sweetheart." I didn't have to ask twice. She just grabbed my hand and led the way. When we got into my room she just melted in my arms and said Happy Birthday Danny honey and dropped her skirt to the floor. She wasn't wearing any panties and her pretty little pussy was staring me in the face when she said

"This is my birthday gift to you baby, my cherry. I love you Danny and I want you to have it. No one else."

Well I took that cherry and it was very special. It was my first time "flying solo" without my mother and I'm proud to say that Becky loved every minute of it, even having a big orgasm that first time she was fucked which is kind of unusual for a girl's cherry fuck. Mom had taught me well on how to tenderly break a girl's cherry and fuck her easily and tenderly so that it wouldn't hurt her and she would enjoy the experience. I was so good and Becky's orgasm was so intense that she made me fuck her a second time before we finally decided that we better go back to the party.

After the party was over and everyone had left and Mom and I were in bed playing with each other after a couple of good fucks and a cock sucking. I asked her,

"Mom, you've been saying that you thought something special was going to happen between me and Becky for some time now. I have a feeling that you and Becky planned this whole evening so I could have her cherry, didn't you?"

"Mom laughed softly and said, "No sweetheart, we didn't. But you must remember that I know an awful lot about young girls and one of the things I know is that it's a very special thing for a girl to give her cherry to a man. She will only ever have one cherry to give and she wants it to be with a very special young man on a very special occasion. I could tell by watching you two together that Becky wanted you to have her cherry and I thought what better time for her to give it to you than on your birthday.

And I'm proud of you for the way you took it. I listened for a little while outside your door while you were fucking her and it sounded like she was really enjoying it. But I could tell for certain by the glow on her face and her loving smile as she came down the stairs with you that you had made her ecstatically happy. You are going to be very popular very soon my love, and have your pick of all those sweet young pussies that are going to be hungering for your cock. I hope you will still have time for your Mom darling."

Then I laughed, and said, "Quit begging Mom. You know that I will never tire of your cunt and body and will always have time for you first before anyone. Now roll over on your stomach and stick your butt up in the air. This time I want to fuck you doggie style." Mom giggled like a teenage girl and said in a little girl's voice as she rolled on to her stomach and stuck her sweet ass up,

"Oh Danny honey, you're so powerful and strong please don't hurt me with that great big hot cock of yours...", and then in her normal throaty sexy voice, "Don't listen to that little cunt lover ... ram that hot piece of stiff meat as far into my cunt as it will go and fuck me hard and fast until I scream for you to stop and then fuck me even harder! Fill my cunt with your tasty cock sauce."

Now I ask you reader, what kind of woman would eagerly volunteer to help her man find a way to fuck another beautiful woman without an ounce of jealously or fear of losing him to the arms of the other woman. The answer is a woman like my mother who loves her son totally and completely without any reservations and manifests that love as any other woman who deeply loves her man.

If my Mom was a devious, conniving woman who was just interested in seducing me and making me her sex slave just to satisfy her own sexual desires, would she have helped me to find a way to take Becky's cherry and later encourage me, and help me to find, and take delight in my fucking as many young cunts as I could conquer? I think not!

So, to all those people who cannot acknowledge the beauty of the kind of unconditional incestuous and loving sexual relationship I have had and still have with my mother, I say to them, "Get a life and lighten up. If you're a Mom, give your son a cum eating blow job, and if you're a son, suck out your Mom's cunt and then cock fuck her brains out. You'll both feel a lot better about it and be a whole lot happier in the honest expression of love for each other that you have probably been suppressing all your lives."

That's my Mom and my woman reader, and I love them both to death.

The End ... for now. More to cum later...


Pages: Prev | 1 | 2 | 3 | Next

Your opinion is important:
Share with the others what you think about
"My Mother: My Lover and My Mistress"
     
Switch to Expanded voting form
The End

Please address comments to MuffDiver. All feedback, pro or con, is gratefully appreciated. It all contributes to helping me become a better writer. [Update Dec 2010: I have had to modify my Hotmail email address for receiving feedback. Please address any feedback to h.landers1981@hotmail.com. Note the difference of "1981" that replaces 1961 in the previous address shown in the email dialogue box.]
Posted: 2010-06-16
Home | Top | MuffDiver's Page |   Feedback to author
