Neighbor Girl 
byJackBro©

Chapter 1: The Movie

Warning: The following is a sexually explicit story intended for the entertainment of mature adults. If you are offended by stories of such nature, do not read it. All characters are fictional and not intended to resemble any real people. Comments and suggestions are welcomed.


Yuka can best be described as cute. Not gorgeous, not sexy, but best described as cute. That's not to say she lacks those other qualities too, but cuteness clearly takes the lead. A young woman, short in stature and a bit overweight, she wears a thick set of glasses upon a pretty face. I initially stereotyped her as a student when we first moved in next door. At the very least, I figured she was into books, maybe a librarian. She had the look of a smart young woman who liked studying and probably got good grades.

Later behavior served to reinforce my initial stereotype. The drapes of her house stayed mostly closed. She tended to keep to herself, staying inside, and only returning a shy "hi" on those rare occasions when we crossed paths. I used to picture her sitting in a rocking chair, under a lamp, and maybe in front of a fire reading a book or maybe crocheting a new scarf to keep warm. The only time I got to see her was when she was all bundled up for her early morning run. For a person who was overweight, she ran a surprising amount. I would even see her on the coldest days of winter jogging down the snow covered walk.

My wife, Katie, took the initiative to get to know her. I saw them talking out front when day when I got home from work. A couple days later they met for tea. Eventually they had lunch together in town. As it turned out, the two of them happened to have jobs within a few blocks of each other. Yuka was not a student at all, but worked as a sales girl at some sort of woman's clothing store downtown. She was also older than I figured, in her mid-twenties rather than the teenager liked she looked. It's been my experience that short Asian women often tend to look younger than what they really are. Perhaps it is due to their fair complexion, or maybe it's just because they are smaller.

In any case, I eventually got to know her too. My wife invited the bashful little woman over for dinner one night, and then Yuka returned the favor a few weeks later. To my pleasant surprise, our neighbor turned out to be an excellent cook. She made a terrific Chinese marinated chicken, and her Italian lasagna tasted pretty good too. Given the way she cooked, no wonder she had to run every day to keep down her weight.

The two of us eventually worked out an informal deal where she cooked while I helped her out with repairs. As talented as Yuka could cook in the kitchen, she was dismal at doing household repairs. Both her house and car were time bombs of disrepair. The tires on her car were almost bald, and the oil in her car hadn't been changed since she bought it. I quickly discovered Yuka grew up under a traditional upbringing and practiced traditional habits. She was into girlish things - like cooking - and wouldn't open the hood of a car even to check the oil.

We ran into each other more and more. One night she would stop by to help Katie with something in the kitchen. A few days later I might return the favor by helping her fix something around her house. Lucky for her, her cooking made it worthwhile. I didn't mind spending an hour fixing a leaking showerhead if it meant a delicious meal a few nights later.

Yuka behaved bashful to strangers, but opened up once you got to know her. I also discovered she had a pleasant personality and a good sense of humor. Sometimes on the giddy side, she occasionally acted more like a dizzy blond than the dark-haired cutie she really was. She could also shock you but some of the things that came out of her mouth - especially about men.

"Men are so much trouble," She casually told us over dinner one night after my wife hinted about possibly introducing her to a nice single guy she knew at work. "But on the other hand, it sure would be fun to have a dick around to play with!"

The word shocked me, especially coming from her. I couldn't believe such filth coming out of her sweet little mouth. In fact, at first, I thought I misheard her. Only later did I confirm it with my wife.

Yuka didn't have a boyfriend. Never married, but she occasionally brought up her boyfriends of the past. Her quiet, secluded nature probably prevented her from meeting many guys. I'm sure that working in a woman's clothing store didn't bring forward many opportunities either. In any case, it certainly wasn't because of her looks. I'm sure her cute face attracted many men, and all her running was starting to have an affect.

We moved in over the winter when everyone stayed bundled up in conservative sweatshirts, sweaters, and coats to keep warm. As spring approached, people started wearing less. Yuka was no exception, and she started giving hints at the result of all her running. She also tended to let down her guard on weekends. One day she came over in a old white T-shirt that clearly showed the outline of her bra and what appeared to be cleavage underneath. Another time she bent down right in front of me while I worked on her sink and was looking up from under the counter. Pleasant to my surprise, her chest was more pronounced than expected. She actually had a sizable pair of boobs, which on an Oriental girl was surprising. I never much thought of her chest, but from then on couldn't keep from picturing her topless every time we met. I yearned for the day I might get to see her in a swimsuit or maybe even a bikini.

We continued as neighbors during the summer and then into the fall. I continued helping her around the house or whenever she heard something "funny" in her car. We continued to get invited over for dinner in return. The exchanges occurred about once a month.

Yuka and Katie continued to be friends too. Their exchanges became ever more frequent. They met often for lunch and then started going out for drinks in the evening too. I don't know where they went for their nighttime festivities. Katie didn't tell me. She only said they went out to do girl-things. Secretly, I think she tried to play matchmaker. Yuka didn't go out much. I suspected Katie was trying to remedy her boyfriend situation by introducing her to some of her single male friends from work. Once in a while Katie even returned a little tipsy, indicating they had gone to some bar or maybe a club. Sometimes she returned rather late too. As for me, it didn't matter. I didn't care where they went, for it meant that I could go out with the guys. Thursday night was poker night. Katie didn't like me playing poker, especially for money. She also didn't like it when I returned home after too many drinks. But if the girls got to go out over the weekend, then I got to go out to play poker on Thursdays.

It wasn't until last week when I got my first clue at where the girls went. Poker night finished early. One of the guys was sick in bed and another had to leave early because his wife was pissed about something or other that he did or didn't do. With only three left, we decided to quit early. We split after only a few hands and only one beer. I came home early to find the lights out and the television on.

"Look at the size of that thing!"

The first voice I heard upon entering the house was of Yuka. It came from the living room. I could tell the television was on. The walls gave an eerie glow. The flicker of the screen lit up the room. The house was all was dark except for the nightlight above the stove.

"Holy shit!" I heard Katie too, agreeing with a playful giggle. It sounded like the two of them were having a good time, probably watching the latest chick-flick that I wasn't interested in watching anyway. I closed the front door with care and decided to sneak up on them.

"Did you ever realize one could get that big?" Yuka asked.

"It's even bigger than the one we saw up on stage last week," Katie's voice spoke with amazement.

I didn't pay much attention to what they said at first. I had no idea what they were watching. Their words put me at a loss.

"Wait until you see what he's going to do with it!"

"He's going to hurt her with such a big one!"

I peaked around the corner to find them both sitting wide-eyed on the couch and facing the TV. Katie sat forward, barely keeping her ass on the couch, watching with intense interest at whatever was playing on the screen. Yuka acted more relaxed, sitting back, seeming to take delight at Katie's reaction. Through the speakers on the television I heard a commanding voice giving an order. "Over here," It shouted. "So we can shackle you."

"Oh my Gosh!" Katie's hands went up to her mouth.

"Now we're getting to the good part," Yuka started to lean forward too.

For the first time, I grew curious. I had never seen two women watch a movie with such interest. What could be so good? Why were they so interested? It certainly didn't look like any ordinary chick flick.

"Is she actually going to..." Katie's voice trailed off.

"I bet she is!" Yuka acted like she didn't know, but clearly had seen the movie before. She teased my wife. Poor Katie looked to be in shock.

Growing more and more curious by the second, I decided to take a look for myself. I couldn't see anything from the hallway, so had had to step inside to satisfy my curiosity. Our living room was small and I had to practically walk up beside the couch in order to see the screen. Normally they would have noticed me, but their intense interest in the movie pulled all four eyes away.

"Now he can't even cover himself," Katie mumbled through her fingers, her hand still positioned over her mouth.

"Lucky for us!" Yuka giggled in agreement.

The darkness of the room helped to cover my presence. The high volume of the television helped silence my steps.

"Now give me pleasure," The voice from the speaker spoke.

"He's actually going to fuck her!" Katie gave the first hint at what was really happening on the screen.

A moment later I looked for myself. It was an x-rated sex flick. Two sparsely clad women wore little more than teddies. A third woman was naked and down on all fours. Behind her was a man, also naked, and sporting the biggest cock I had ever seen.

"Holy shit!" I couldn't help but cry out.

It took them a moment to realize I was in the room. Katie jumped up with a start. Yuka quickly went for the remote, dropped it, and then fumbled with the buttons while trying to figure out how to stop the movie. It played on long enough for me to see the guy jerk his hips forward and plunge his monster dick into her. I couldn't believe any woman capable of accepting such a large weapon. I couldn't believe Katie was watching it.

"What the hell are you doing here?" Katie shouted at me.

"I don't believe this!" Yuka cried out in embarrassment.

Katie regained her composure enough to reach up to the reading lamp. Both girls stood before me embarrassed and angry - or at least Yuka was embarrassed. Katie just looked angry.

"The game finished early," I told them what they already knew. "So I came home."

"How dare you sneak up on me like that!" Katie didn't seem to hear me.

"But I didn't sneak," I defended myself. "All the lights were off. I figured you were asleep. I didn't want to wake you."

"That doesn't matter!" She refused to listen to my words. "You scared the crap out of me!"

"Sorry," I took a deep breath and apologized, even though I had no need to apologize. I mean, what did I do wrong? It wasn't my fault they were too engrossed in an x-rated movie to notice someone walking in the front door! I could just have well been a thief or a rapist. They never would have known.

"Maybe I should go," the bright red face of Yuka spoke up. She looked like she wanted to race out of the room.

"But the movie wasn't over!" I decided to tease her. "It was just coming up on the good part, as you said."

Her face turned an even brighter shade of red at my use of her own words against her. "Jason!" She looked away.

"Stop it!" My wife took her side. It was two against one. Women always stuck together when they had the chance to disagree with a man.

"Just teasing!" I held up my hands in mock surrender. "Come on, relax! The two of you look like crooks who just got caught robbing a bank."

Yuka was already taking out the disk. Apparently, it was her movie. I wondered if she owned it. I also wondered what other movies she kept in her library. This showed me a new side of Yuka. I had no idea she was into watching x-rated movies, especially movies involving ropes, bondage, and men with big dicks. Shy little Yuka appeared to be into heavy-duty smut.

"I really think I should go," She stepped towards the door.

"You don't have to," I offered as an apology to make up for my teasing. "I was just headed upstairs anyway. Planned to take a shower and then go to bed, so you're free to stick around and watch the end of it if you want."

I headed for the stairs, not wanting to make my wife any angrier. I had caused enough anger and embarrassment for one night. Not as late as the usual Thursday night, but I looked forward to a wakeful Friday morning for a change. Besides, I secretly wanted Katie to watch the rest. Maybe it would put her in the mood. The movie had already put me in the mood, but then most anything would. I secretly hoped Katie would watch the rest and then come upstairs to wake me.

It sounded like they took me up on my advice. I couldn't be sure, but I thought I heard them downstairs. I distinctly heard Katie try to convince Yuka to stay when I stepped into the shower. At least one of them was still downstairs when I stepped back out.

"Oh my Gosh!" I overheard Katie as I dried off in the bedroom. Most definitely, she was still watching it. I could tell by the excitement sounding in her voice. It wasn't the reaction given to a network television show.

Tempted, I paused to listen for a second voice. I hoped Yuka had stayed too, but I really didn't think so. She wasn't the type: too shy, too easily embarrassed, and especially not with a man just upstairs. More than likely, she was sitting up in her own bed wondering what she would say the next time we met. I actually felt a little sorry for her.

"Oh my Gosh!" I heard it again.

Yes! Katie was watching it! Yuka must have left the CD before going. Soon it would be finished, and then maybe she would come upstairs to try out a new position. We lived a vibrant sex life. She liked to try new things - or at least she used to. Five years of marriage had dulled things somewhat, but we still had sex at least twice a week.

The thought of an aroused Katie made me aroused. I couldn't help it! Just the thought of a dirty x-rated movie on the downstairs TV was enough to get my hormones flowing. The sound of her voice soon made me aroused too. We hadn't done it all week. I was due. My dick needed some attention.

Further amplifying the effect was the possibility that shy little Yuka might be downstairs watching it too. I had discovered a new side of her, a side that excited me. My mind drifted back to her words about dick playing, and then the scene from under the sink. I thought about her cleavage, and then of my desire to hopefully see her in a sexy summer dress sometime over the summer.

I then thought about their mention of a man's long dick up on stage. The shock of the movie made me forget, but then my imagination took over as I walked around upstairs. Might it be possible? Did my wife take the cute Yuka to a male strip joint? Watching an x-rated flick on the television was one thing, but seeing it live would be something else. I tried to picture Yuka sitting in the audience and turning red at the sight of the men on stage. The image proved powerful enough to force me to wear a robe as I sat up on the bed. There was no way I could fit into my pajama bottoms.

"Oh Jason!"

My pleasant thoughts were interrupted by an even more pleasant sound of my name being called out a minute later. I was sitting up in bed, reading a book, patiently waiting for Katie to come upstairs to join me. There was no way I was going to get to sleep with the images playing out in my mind. The book helped, but I found myself constantly roaming away from the story on the page and into the more interesting story in my imagination.

There was also a giggle, I thought I heard, or perhaps it was just my imagination. More likely my imagination, I figured. The images in my mind appeared to playing themselves out in my ears.

"Oh Jason!" She called out a second time.

Katie didn't need to ask a third. Maybe she wanted to show me a scene in the movie. I hoped she wanted to do it downstairs in the living room. We hadn't done it outside the bedroom for a long time. My cock pulled me towards her direction.

Without giving it much thought, I jumped out of bed and headed down the stairs in my robe.

"You call?" I asked half way down.

Both girls turned! To my surprise, Yuka was still there. Both of them still sat on the living room couch.

"Yuka!" I hesitated half-way down the stairs, pulling my robe tight. "I thought you had gone home."

She didn't answer, only giggled. The light of the reading lamp showed a pleasant smile shine across her face.

"She didn't want to miss the rest of the movie," Katie answered for her. "And she wanted to make sure you got a chance to watch it too."

Yuka's face turned another shade of red. She gave my wife a playful slap against her shoulder, and then my wife slapped her back. They played. They laughed. The women frolicked on the couch like two young girls at a slumber party.

"Seriously," Katie was the first to give in. "As long as your up," She sneaked a look down at my waist. "Why don't you come on over and join us? You've really got to see this! We're giving it a second showing!"

I didn't know if her look was intentional or not. Could she see my tent? Could she tell I was erect? The look lasted only a second, and then she turned back to the television again. It was as if she was teasing. Just in case, my hands automatically went to my crotch to cover myself.

"I suppose," I hesitated. "But just let me put on something first."

It took little convincing. The thought of watching an x-rated movie proved enticing, but not in my present condition!

"You're fine just the way you are," Katie spoke without turning her head from the screen. "Nothing will surprise Yuka, not after what we just watched."

The girls laughed again. I noticed the credits rolling down the screen. The movie had just ended, and they were having fun. For the first time I also noticed a bottle of wine sitting on the end table. Sitting beside were two glasses, both empty. I couldn't tell how much was left in the bottle, but they had clearly drunk enough to feel good. Especially Yuka. I had never seen Yuka after more than a single glass of wine. I wondered if she would have watched the movie without it.

Against my better judgment, I stepped away from the stairs to join them on the couch. The only problem was my robe. It covered everything that needed to be covered, but there was a lot to be covered underneath. I stayed hard. I was hard upstairs, hard on the stairs, and stayed hard when I went to join them on the couch.

"Right here," Just before I was about to take a seat in the recliner, Katie padded the seat on the couch between them. She moved aside to give me room, and then Yuka moved to the opposite side. Clearly, both girls knew where they wanted me to sit. I couldn't help but take them up on their invitation.

I used my hands to push it down. First I pulled my robe tight and then I strategically positioned my hands on my lap when I took a seat down between them.

Katie held the remote and started the movie all over again. "It's kind-of slow at the beginning," She fast forwarded through the opening credits. "But don't worry, it will rise to the occasion faster than you think."

Both girls giggled at this remark. I knew what they meant.

"How much have the two of you to drink?" I was curious to know.

"Just a little," Katie held up her thumb and forefinger to demonstrate about a teaspoon worth or wine. Clearly, both of them drank a lot more than just a little. They must have nearly polished off the bottle.

On the screen, three well-dressed women appeared. The first was a brunette, the second a blond, and a third a redhead. They stood in what appeared to be a castle and talked about their prisoner, a prisoner in their dungeon. I couldn't hear everything. The volume of the television had been turned down, probably low so not to wake me up from earlier.

The dungeon appeared again on the television screen, the dungeon I first saw upon returning from the card game. In the dungeon three women walked in, now fully clothed because we were back at the start of the movie. They walked down a set of stone steps to find a naked man hunched up in the corner and turning away from their gaze. I could tell he was naked by his naked behind. The movie wasted no time when it came to getting the men naked.

"You'll get a better look at him in just a minute," Katie spoke just loud enough for Yuka to hear.

"A better look!" Yuka giggled.

The women on the screen exchanged few words as they stepped over and pulled the helpless man out of the corner. He was a good actor - or at least good by x-rated video standards. His face gave the look of fear. His struggle gave a sense of embarrassment. The action made it look like he really was trying to resist them, but the women pulled him up and then pealed his hands away anyway. With three against one, he had little choice.

"There he is!" Katie cooed.

"Oh yes!" Yuka started getting into it too.

I was surprised to hear Yuka speak. She looked more interested in the movie than before. I wondered if it was because I sat along side.

Back to the movie, the women pulled the man over to the center of the room. Next they pulled his hands high above his head, and then they looped them in two ropes hanging from the ceiling. He couldn't get free. The women were free to look.

Clearly, he was bigger than me. It was the same man as before, the one I saw when I entered the room. He was soft now, but I already knew he wasn't going to stay that way. Most of the time x-rated video flicks freely showed women but were hesitant towards the men. In this one, the opposite seemed to be true. It was clearly a movie designed by women and intended for women.

"Who's CD is this?" I asked to break the tension.

"It's Yuka's!" Katie answered for her.

Yuka let out a gasp.

"She's got a whole library of them!"

Another gasp.

"And they all follow a similar plot with female domination."

"Shut up!" Yuka finally spoke a word of anger. For a moment, I feared she might get up and leave, but then Katie started to laugh. Yuka soon joined her. Lucky for the alcohol, they both stayed. Yuka's reaction told me just one thing: It was true. It was hard to believe this shy young woman owned a whole library of x-rated movies, much less movies with female dominate themes. Little Yuka was turning out to be a little she-devil.

"He's pretty big already," Katie interrupted my thoughts with a return to the movie. "He might already be as big as you, but you'll have to wait until you see how truly massive he soon will get."

The women on the television screen started to tease him. They reached out, slapped him on the bare ass, ran their hands over his chest, down his thighs, and then the redhead eventually made a grab for his dick too.

"Yes!" Yuka let out a shrill the first time the redheaded woman touched his dick. The brunette and then the blond followed. All three women touched him, and they touched him all over. Not just his dick, but his balls too. It took a mere minute to notice it.

"Yuka likes to watch them rise," My wife leaned over to give a sneaky smile to her friend.

Yuka smiled back. It was a mischievous little smile, a bond of unspoken communication between them. She need not admit anything, I could tell just by the smile. The assertion was true. I had gotten to know Yuka a little better through a personal fact she did not want me to know.

Meanwhile, the actor continued to grow. He extended past my own length. First nine, then ten, maybe even eleven inches in length. And not only long, but plenty wide too. This was a real man. Not just a talented actor, but talented in other ways too.

I couldn't help but remain hard right along with him. It had started upstairs, continued on the way down the steps, and now stayed that way sitting between these beautiful women. My hands remained strategically placed at my waist. Despite its female dominate theme, the movie did a good job at keeping me hard.

The actor on the screen was so big that his dick stood straight out instead of rising like a normal erection would do. It was as if its mass was too big to resist gravity. I briefly wondered if he ever got lightheaded from all the blood used to inflate it.

The women got him hard, and then they worked on keeping him there. They pulled on it, slapped it, made it move all around. Little "Ahs" and "Ohs" sounded from both sides of me whenever they tried something new. Yuka seemed to like it best when they stroked. Katie got the most excited when his cock got slapped and sprung from side to side. In one case, the redhead got into a kind of rhythm, hitting his dick again and again, violently making it slap back and forth.

I couldn't help but imagine myself in place of the man in the movie. It would feel good to have three gorgeous women playing with my dick. One of them I imagined was Katie. The other, naturally was Yuka. I felt a desperate desire to stroke myself under the robe as I thought about two delicious women using my cock like it was their convenient plaything, like a toy picked out of their closet.

The only disturbing part about the video was the ropes. What was to prevent the women from hurting him? What if they slapped him a little too hard? Maybe squeezed his balls a little too tight? Hell, what if one of them decided to even to kick him between the legs? He was tied and helpless! The women could do anything to him they wanted.

I had tried light bondage before. There was a girlfriend in college, and then with my wife on occasion. It was exciting, yes. It was certainly erotic, true, but I never got much into it. Usually we only acted like the other was tied. I would stretch Katie's hands and legs out to the corners of the bed frame like she was a helpless prisoner waiting to be fucked, but I wouldn't actually tie her down. We would just pretend like she was. Sometimes we even played out scenes like the one on the television, with master and slave, but almost always with Katie playing the part of the slave. Although I secretly found it wildly erotic on the two occasions when I played the part of her slave, I never told her so.

"Isn't this just the best x-rated movie you've ever seen?" Katie asked to me as she reached over and took my hand. In the process, she also touched my cock, on the side, rubbing her fingers against it. My hardness did not appear to surprise her. She knew me. She knew what got me aroused. She was, after all, my wife of 5 years.

"It's different," I couldn't bring myself to admit the truth.

"It's so much different than any of the other x-rated movies we've ever seen," She agreed as she pulled at my hand. "I never imagined they made movies like this! I've never seen a movie with such a big man!"

Neither had I. He was the biggest I had ever seen. X-rated movies tended to use big men, true, but not this big! And then there was the female dominate theme. I had never before watched a movie where it was three against one.

Even better, it seemed to be making Katie just as aroused. I could tell by the way she held my hand, the way she breathed, even by the way she let out gentle moans each time the man's cock was slapped. She enjoyed it, which meant later in the evening I was going to enjoy it too. Katie was primed. She was horny. I almost wished Yuka would leave so we could do it on the living room floor.

As Yuka's attention was riveted to the screen, my wife gently pulled my hand aside and then pressed it into the tight space between us. I hardly noticed it as she then scooted over, pushed my hand in tighter, and then reached over to take my opposite hand.

"Katie!" I wanted to scream out, but couldn't! I couldn't believe it! I was in shock! Looking at her open mouthed and staring, I realized she wanted me to move my second hand to the side too. She wanted Yuka to know. She wanted to show me off.

I resisted at first, but the throbbing hard cock seemed to help her pull. Slowly, my hand moved, and then she reached around to position it down by my side. It had taken less than a minute for me to find myself with both hands flat on the couch and a tent in the middle.

I'm not sure when Yuka noticed it. She might have seen the whole thing, or maybe her eyes stayed too riveted on the movie to watch. Either way, she eventually noticed. I felt her hand on the top of my own. A smile formed on her lips. She gave a quick glance down.

I felt unbelievably hot as I watched the movie with the knowledge that Yuka was watching me too. On the television screen, the women moved down lower on the helpless man. Not only his cock, but they moved slowly down to take advantage of the man's balls too. The redhead acted the most aggressive as she took them in her hand and squeezed. The blond followed. The brunette decided to slap them around to my wife's delight.

"Isn't this great Jason!" Katie was getting more and more into it.

"He seems to like it!" Yuka took a glance down to my tent to agree.

My heart raced. My breathing labored. For the first time, Yuka hinted at what she could see. She couldn't see anything direct because I remained covered, yet still she could see how much I was taken by the movie.

"Isn't this great?" Katie spoke more to her friend than me. "I mean tying a man down, abusing his balls?"

"Oh yes!" Yuka answered to my own discomfort.

They continued on his balls. The evil women on the television screen laughed in glee as the poor man cried out in discomfort. I couldn't be sure how much was acting or real discomfort. If it was just an act, then the man was a very talented actor. I also noticed the way the women beside me squeezed down on my hands every time the women on the screen appeared to squeeze the man's nuts. It was as though they both wished it was me!

I noticed Katie and Yuka let out little snickers too. They seemed to enjoy watching the man's balls being abused. I think Yuka liked the sight of my tent too. Was she imagining what was underneath it? Was she picturing what I looked like without the robe?

Even better, I noticed Yuka too. I didn't notice it at first, but she was actually dressed rather sexy, wearing a matching set of shorts with a loosely fitting blouse that looked almost like pajamas. The best part was the blouse, for she left the top three buttons undone. Maybe she unbuttoned them due to the heat of the movie. Maybe they were unbuttoned just because she wanted to relax. In either case, the opening of the blouse extended down in a deep v-cut to show off cleavage at the bottom. It was like the "under the sink" episode all over again.

The women on the screen eventually went back up to his organ to start some serious stroking action. They took turns, each woman giving him several strokes, and then allowing the next one to take over. It was as though they were playing a game with him, a game to determine who could stroke him off first. On and on it went. I couldn't believe how much they were stroking him. If it was me, I would have cummed a long time ago. No way would I be able to withhold against such an onslaught of cock-pumping.

Eventually, they stopped to untie the man. At first it surprised me, but then I remembered the short scene upon first entering the room. He had yet to fuck any of them. I realized he was being untied for the purpose of fucking.

"Wait a minute," Katie paused the video just as the women were un-shackling the man's guys second wrist. "Something is missing here. We need to get more into the mood."

"Into the mood?" I questioned more to myself than the girls. They seemed plenty far enough in the mood already. So was I. I didn't want the movie to stop.

"What are you talking about?" Yuka sounded just as impatient.

Pointing the remote at the screen but refusing to take it off pause, She held the movie hostage. "We need to get more in the mood," She pronounced with a sneaky smile across her face and a glance in my direction.

"In the mood?" I was almost afraid to ask. What was she up to? What did she want?

She returned a sparkle in her eye. "You know, us girls need to get more in the mood," Katie spoke as though I should have known the answer.

In the mood? In the mood for what? I looked back at her confused.

"I mean the guy is all naked on the screen," She pointed to the frozen frame. "Maybe we should make our guy naked too!" She stared intently back at me.

I couldn't believe it! My heart skipped a beat, and then it started to race. What was she doing? She couldn't be serious!

"Oh Katie!" The alcohol in Yuka made her laugh. "You're terrible!"

"I'm serious!" She emphasized. "The television is one thing, but seeing it live would be a lot better!"

This time it was my turn to turn red with embarrassment. I couldn't believe Katie was suggesting such a thing. I couldn't believe she was serious.

"Come on Jason," She reached over with her hand. "Let's show Yuka! It'll really turn her on."

I started to raise my hands to cover myself, but just then Yuka presser her own hand down on mine. She said nothing. She held down with little effort. It was a silent agreement to my wife's proposal.

"Come on," Katie took hold of the sash of the robe, to the rope going around my waist. It lay in a loose tie around my belly. She slowly pulled it up to unloosen.

"I can tell it turns you on!" She teased as the sash was flung aside. "Let's turn Yuka on too!"

I remained clothed, but no longer as protected as before. Only the loose fitting halfs of the robe provided cover. For a moment, I thought Katie was joking, but after 5 years of marriage I had a pretty good feel for when she was joking or not. The tone of her voice told me she was deadly serious.

Again I tried raising my hands, but again the girls held them down. This time Yuka had to hold me down harder in a silent indication of her interest to see more. I could have stopped them. It would have been easy, if I had really wanted to. I was stronger than either girl, and much stronger than little Yuka. I could have pulled my hands away, yet didn't. Secretly, I wanted her to see. I wanted to show off.

Glancing down, I saw the left flap of my robe being moved to the side. The bare skin of my thigh came into view. Yuka was able to see that I wore nothing underneath.

"Oh yes!" I heard her surprised voice on my left.

"I don't know about this," I expressed reluctance, yet at the same time felt wildly erotic. I felt like a male stripper up on stage, but not just any male stripper. The stripper at a bachlorette party exposed himself flaccid. I was about to expose my full length - provided Katie was really going to carry out her threat.

I remained unsure, even as half my robe was tossed aside. The action surprised me. Yuka couldn't see anything, only my thigh, but now half my protection lay splayed across her leg.

"Tell me what you think," I didn't need to wait long to find out if Katie would really do it. Without prompting, She took hold of the opposite flap of my rope and lifted it up for our neighbor to see.

"Oh yes!" Yuka cried out, her head lowered, her eyes focused directly on it.

"How is it?" Katie asked.

"Very nice!" Yuka continued looking with a smile upon her face. She no longer seemed shy or bashful. The redness of her face transferred to my own.

It took me a moment to realize what had happened. Like a complicated equation, my brain needed time to process it. I didn't fully realize what Yuka was looking at until she had already looked for several seconds.

"What's Jason's condition?" Katie asked next with a giggle.

It seemed to take Yuka several seconds to process it too. She hesitated, but continued looking. She finally answered with a single word: "Hard!"

Indeed I was! I could feel it for myself. With the flap of the robe held high, only Yuka could see. I suppose I could have looked too, but I didn't. Instead, I kept my eyes focused straight ahead. It was as though I could take only so much excitement at one time.

"Good!" Katie expressed delight. "That's just how I like him."

"And so big!" Yuka's next three words almost sent me into cardiac arrest.

"And so he is!" The robe came completely open as Katie looked too. "So you like them big?"

"I really like them big!" Yuka answered in delight.

I couldn't believe what I was doing. My robe soon came completely off. Yuka asked to see me wear nothing at all, and so I was displayed. The girls made me slip out of the sleeves too. I couldn't believe how arousing it felt to be sitting naked between two beautiful women. Here I was, between the two of them, one on each side, and in the middle stood my raging erection.

"No hands," Katie insisted when I tried covering myself.

"Yes, no hands," Yuka agreed. "Keep your hands to your side."

My left hand remained beneath Yuka's. My right was in Katie's hand.

My wife didn't much bother me, but the neighbor was a different story. The reading lamp gave plenty of light for her to see by. I noticed the way she looked, seemingly wanting to stair but trying not to appear too obvious. Yuka acted no different than a guy trying not to obviously glare at the chest of a woman with a low cut blouse, but it was enough to show her interest.

"Oh yes!" She kept saying as she looked. "That's very nice!"

I couldn't be sure if she was talking about the guy on the television screen or my boner. The movie continued after I went naked. I silently watched the women finished untying their hardened slave and then proceeded to tease him some more. "I'd like to try that," Yuka spoke as the blond pulled him along by his erect cock, and then the redhead did the same. They stroked him, slapped him, and once again moved his cock around in all directions.

"We're coming up on the best part," Yuka let me in on what was coming up next in the movie.

"They're going to beat him," Katie expressed delight.

"Beat his meat!" Yuka spoke with excited anticipation.

And so they did. The brunette started it. Soon the blond took her turn too. One by one each of the three women began beating the meat of their capture. I couldn't believe how much he was taking.

We soon came up to the part where I had previously walked into the room. Finally, I got to see one of them topless. The brunette removed her top and then went down on all fours.

"Just the way I like it," Yuka surprised me with her words. "Doggie style always works the best for me."

My cock let out a shudder. The pre-cumm started to flow, which I was pretty sure Yuka saw too. The sweet young girl delighted me with her words, and I in turn delighted her with the performance of my cock.

All I could do is sit there and watch as the image played out in my mind. I imagined Yuka on all fours, just as she claimed she liked it. On her knees and hands I pictured her laid out on the living room floor, her tits plunging down, her pussy waiting for me to take. Yuka would look good on her hands and knees, as I already got to experience ever so briefly from beneath her kitchen sink. Especially enjoyable would be her tits and the way they would form cleavage.

The movie picked up again. The half-clothed woman on the television screen bent forward, lifted her skirt, and quickly pulled down the g-string in the rear. I couldn't actually see anything, or at least nothing except her tits and ass. She carefully hid her privates out of view of the camera. Only the male was made to show it all, just like me!

"I can't believe she's going to take it all!" Katie cried out in amazement just before she did.

"Give me pleasure," the woman spoke.

And then he did. The big guy started to fuck her. And he didn't just fuck, but he fucked hard and fast. Katie and Yuka seemed to like the fucking. So did I.

"He's not only impressive in size," My wife spoke to Yuka and meant it more for me. "But he's so impressive in stamina."

"That's because he's trained," Yuka answered. She answered my wife, but she too meant to words more for me.

"Trained?" Both girls giggled.

"Trained," Yuka said again, and then refused to say another word.

Katie put the movie on pause in the middle of a fuck, and then looked across me at our neighbor. I couldn't help but wonder my eyes over to her too.

"You know," She answered after a long pause and with a great big smile on her face. "His cock is trained."

"Of course!" Katie acknowledged as though it was obvious. "He's trained to hold out until he first satisfies all the women."

"Exactly!" The smile on Yuka's face remained.

"He's cock trained!"

"Yes!"

"But are you sure?" She asked for my benefit.

Yuka refused to answer. She only smiled and looked back at me, first looking up into my eyes and then down on my protruding cock. She turned less and less shy about looking at my cock. She seemed to enjoy looking at it.

I didn't believe her. Never before had I even thought such a thing was possible, yet how else could I explain it. The man on the screen was an incredible performer! He seemed able to take an infinite amount of masturbating and fucking

"Can you imagine being fucked by such a man?" Katie began talking to herself. "I mean you could beat on him, then have him fuck you, and then beat on him some more."

Yuka let out a sigh.

I fidgeted uneasily in my chair at the sound of her words.

"He could fuck you into multiple orgasms," Katie theorized. "And then you could beat on him even more."

The two of them talked like I wasn't in the room. I couldn't believe it. They talked about masturbating and fucking cock while my own stood exposed right in front of them.

"That was a good show!" Yuka spoke at the conclusion, talking about the movie but no doubt hinting about me.

"It certainly was," Katie looked down at me when she answered.

"And I can see Jason liked it too!" Yuka looked down at me too.

"Yes he did!" Katie agreed. "Don't try to hide it Jason, for we can see exactly how much you enjoyed it."

They certainly could. The movie must have lasted another fifteen minutes. The big man fucked them one by one. I was amazed at how long he lasted. So was Katie.

I lasted a long time too. Throughout the entire movie, I stayed hard. The girls held my hands throughout. I left them to freely look for as long as they wanted, and then I gave them plenty to look at. It didn't take long for me to start pre-cumming and then start to throb with desperation for relief. Yuka enjoyed every minute of it. I noticed the way her eyes turned more and more towards my cock as the movie progressed.

"And Jason gave us an even better show!" She seemed to appreciate my efforts. "Perhaps I should leave the two of you alone."

For a brief moment, I felt relief. The giddy and slightly drunk little Yuka wanted to go home. Katie and I were going to get some time alone together.

"Oh no!" Katie spoke to my dismay. "Please stay!"

I held my breath. What was she doing? I couldn't believe what was happening.

"But I really should be going," Yuka got up as though preparing to leave. "It really looks as though your husband needs your attention a lot more than I do."

"You mean his appendage?" Katie asked directly.

Yuka nodded and returned her cute little smile.

"You mean his appendage needs relief?" Katie asked even more directly.

I couldn't believe it! Surely she knew already. I mean Yuka knew what was going to happen as soon as she walked out the front door, but actually hearing my wife announce it so directly put me over the edge.

"Yes, he needs relief," Yuka agreed with a chuckle.

Hearing her acknowledge made it even worse. Both girls giggled. They laughed at my predicament.

"But you still could stay," Katie proposed.

"Stay?" Yuka didn't move. She got up and prepared to leave, but didn't do so.

"Please stay," My wife begged a second and then a third time. "Please stay and let me show you how I relieve his appendage."

I stopped breathing. I couldn't believe it. The two girls looked at each other, and then they looked down at me.

"Kneel in front of the coffee table," Katie pointed before I had a chance to contemplate it any further.

I didn't fully understand what was happening. In the back of my mind, maybe I did, but I was too horny to think straight at the time. Katie sat beside me as I slid down off the couch and stupidly knelt down with my hard cock extended over table.

It took Yuka about a minute to comprehend the situation. First she stood frozen with an open mouth and surprise showing on her face. But then her smile returned and she took a seat down on the recliner to my side.

"This should be delightful!" She spoke with interest at the prospect of what she was about to witness.

"You're really going to enjoy it," Katie reached for me.

"I'm sure I will," Yuka continued sitting on the couch.

I didn't fully comprehend the situation until it was too late. I had plenty of time. There was at least a minute where I could have sprung up and run out of the room, yet I didn't. A moment later I felt her. I felt my wife's hand grasp my protruding member. It grasped for only a second, and then it began pumping.

"Oh no!" I cried out.

"Oh yes!" Yuka shot back.

I couldn't believe it! I was being masturbated. But not just masturbated, but masturbated in front of our neighbor.

"Grasp your hands behind you," My wife instructed to me. "And push out your waist to give Yuka a good show."

To my even greater surprise, Yuka seemed to enjoy watching. To both my horror and my delight, she seemed to enjoy watching a man being masturbated. Even worse, she liked to see me being masturbated, and she was soon going to see a lot more.

"Go faster," I heard her say.

A moment later, and my wife did. "Is this better?" She asked in delight.

"Faster!" Came the solitary word out of Yuka.

I was already horny as hell. The stroking hand of my wife was making it ten times worse, and then the words out of Yuka's mouth served to turn it up yet another notch.

"Beat him like the man in the movie," She giggled triumphantly from her casual seated position in the recliner.

"But he's not trained like the star in the movie," Katie warned.

"It doesn't matter," Yuka spoke to my dismay. "I've already seen enough masturbating for one night."

I gasped in disbelief at the silent meaning of her words. She wanted to see more. She wanted to see me cumm!

No way was I going to last for long. My wife seemed to know it.

"If you please could," Her hand suddenly stopped as she looked across the table to Yuka. "Could you please fetch the dishtowel out of the kitchen so I can at least try to contain the mess he's about to make?"

Yuka laughed, and then she quickly jumped up and ran into the kitchen. She knew exactly what kind of mess my wife was talking about. So did I.

"Do you mean this towel?" She held the towel with a big smile on her face. Yuka was gone only a second. She must have ran all the way to the handle of the stove where it lay.

"That's the one," Katie pointed my cock straight up into the air to give her access to the coffee table below.

Without hesitating, Yuka knew what to do. She seemed anxious to do it, but then stopped just before releasing the towel, holding it just in front of me.

"But are you sure this little old towel is going to be big enough?" She questioned in a playful giggle. "Is it going to be big enough to hold his full load?"

Both girls laughed. I almost stopped breathing at the implication of her words.

"I certainly hope so!" It took Katie a few seconds to recover too. "Provided he can keep it from flying off the far side of the table."

Both girls laughed again, laughing at my plight. The coffee table had to be a good 4 feet across, and I knew what they meant. Yuka talked about seeing me shoot, but without talking about it directly.

"Just lay it down," Katie instructed when she stopped laughing. "And you better do it quickly."

Katie started up again, at first slow but then faster at Yuka's insistence.

"Beat him faster!" The shy little neighbor instructed. "Work him like the guy in the movie."

And so she did. I could hardly stand it. The man in the movie lasted a half hour. It took me only a minute.

"I'm gunna cumm!" I felt myself approach the point of no return.

"Then cumm!" Yuka practically shouted. "Whack him faster!"

Katie stroked me too hard. She stroked me almost too hard to cumm. I felt my dick throb. It maybe even spasmed, yet did not cumm. My knees started to give way. I felt like I was about to fall forward.

And then she stopped. She stopped suddenly. It happened in the middle of a stroke. Her hand simply flew off as if my cock was too much to contain.

I looked down at her with shock, but a second later felt it was enough.

"Yes!" Yuka watched me explode with the biggest ejaculation of my life. It was like a delayed reaction. Her hand left just in time for the juices to build up and then blast forward in a long rope of cumm. It shot so far forward that it overshot the towel, and then I shot again and then yet again. It was easily the most powerful ejaculation I had ever experienced, and I experienced it in front of the eyes of our neighbor. Chapter 2: The E-Mail

The e-mail on the computer screen began:

"No matter what, don't show this to Jason because that would be really embarrassing."

I immediately stopped. "Are you sure I should be reading this?" I asked, feeling hesitant yet desperate to read what Yuka had to say next. It felt like I was invading someone's privacy, yet the first sentence was such a teaser. I really wanted to know what private message would make her so embarrassed.

"Go on," Katie insisted.

I needed no more encouragement, so continued to read.

"I just wanted to tell you what a good time I had at your place last night. The movie, the drinks, and then Jason. It was really great! I just wanted to let you know how much I enjoyed watching you jerk off your husband."

I stopped again, this time not because of any privacy issue, but simply because I couldn't believe it. "This for real?" I asked. "This really from Yuka?"

Katie simply pointed up to the return address of the e-mail to show me it truly was.

I continued reading.

"I'm writing this in an e-mail because I could never say so in person, but I really liked Jason being jerked off. I really like watching men being jerked in general. Naked men never really turned me on much, but a naked man with a hard-on is something else. Watching a guy being jerked turns is even more of a turn on! I guess that's why I'm into those female domination videos, you know, and like to go to CFNM parties."

"CFNM?" I had to ask.

"Just go on," My wife insisted.

I continued:

"Anyway, I just wanted to let you know what a thrill it was for me. I could never ask you this in person, but if you are ever interested in. Damn, I can't even type it into the computer, but I think you know what I'm getting at. If not, then that would be all right too, but I just wanted to ask about doing it again. You don't have to respond to this message if you don't want. If you think I'm crazy, then I won't ever bring it up again and we can pretend it never happened. It was just one of those things that I'll have to let go. Just let me know.

Thanks for the good time,

Your friend and neighbor,

Yuka."

I couldn't speak. I couldn't believe it.

"Well?" Katie asked, acting a lot calmer about it than what I felt. "What do you think?"

"I think you created a little she devil!" I replied.

"Oh, I think she was a she devil a lot longer ago than when we ever met," Katie let out a slight giggle at me. "In fact, I think Yuka is a little female dominant. She's probably been that way since her teen years. Maybe even longer."

I still couldn't believe it.

"There's one other thing I want to show you."

"There's more!"

"Let me show you."

I watched as she clicked on the reply button and then started typing.

Let's do it again!

"Katie!" I cried out in shock as I looked at the first words she typed and then the rest of the message as she continued to type.

In fact, let's do it a lot more. Don't feel embarrassed. I liked it too, and I think Jason enjoyed it even more, although he will never come out and admit it. I'm sure I'll be able to convince him to give you another show, but just maybe not right away. It might take a few days, but just let me work on him a little. We'll have to take it slow, you know. I'll tease him. I'll withhold it. I think you know what I have in mind. Anyway, I think we're going to be seeing a lot more of each other this summer. Well, at least you're going to be seeing a lot more of Jason. Giggle! Giggle! He needs relief quite often, you know, at least once per day. I'm glad you wrote. Katie.

"Holy shit!" I couldn't believe it. "Are you really going to send that?"

"No," She wheeled her chair back away from the desk. "No, you are."

It took me a moment to grasp her meaning. She was giving me access to her computer. She wanted me to send the message, to give in, to accept the fate in store for me.

Secretly, I wanted to. It had been thrilling. It had been exotic. I was never before jerked off in front of another woman. It felt dirty immediately after, like I had done something wrong, like I was little more than a horny male pervert. But later, after I reminisced and the testosterone returned, the excitement returned too. I remembered the thrill I felt as she stroked, my racing heart, the embarrassed display. And mostly, I remembered Yuka. There was the way she looked at it, the astonished look on her face, the ecstasy in the way she watched. If it had been anyone else, maybe it would have been different, but it wasn't anyone else. With Yuka, it had been so damned arousing. Secretly, I enjoyed it, and I wanted to give another show. I just wasn't sure if Katie would let me.

"Are you all right with this?" I first asked Katie, thinking it might be a trap. After all, it involved another woman. It could be considered cheating. I had been unfaithful - well, sort of. Katie had forced me to be unfaithful, but was jerking in front of another woman really being unfaithful. Yuka never touched me. She hadn't done much of anything; just watched. It looked like she was going to get the chance to watch again.

"I already wrote what I think," Katie looked first at me and then glanced at the screen. She appeared to read it again, and then she looked back to me. "Are you going to send it or not?"

I did not understand fully, but I understood well enough. Katie could have just as well sent the message herself. She already wrote it. The only remaining action was the click of a mouse. My sending it was largely symbolic. It was like a test. She wanted to see if I really would.

"I'll do it only if you're all right with it," I noticed my hands shaking as I reached for the mouse. My heart was racing. My cock was already hard in my pants.

"Then go ahead," She gave a wave of her hand as though telling me to go ahead.

"You really ok with this," I held the pointer over the send button.

"You know what to do."

The mouse clicked.

My life would never be the same.

I needed it all week. I woke with a hard-on every morning. There was no way I could fit into my shorts over the weekend. Come Monday, my pants too were too small. It was inevitable that I would be too large the next day, but then it continued the day after and then the day after that. Images of Yuka kept flooding my mind. Unexpectedly, I continued to be turned on by the experience.

"Poor Jason!" Katie noticed it right away. As soon as I pulled down my pajama bottoms and got ready to jump into the shower, she saw it. "Looks like you are going to have difficulty getting dressed again this morning."

I stopped and froze in place. I stood with my pajamas down around my knees, my cock exposed, open for her inspection. First looking at her and then glancing down at my raging hard-on, I desperately hoped she would.

"Looks like I'm going to have to once again relieve you," She smiled. "There's no way you are going to fit into your dress pants and go to work like that!"

"Yes!" I nearly jumped for joy. I really needed it. I needed it bad, especially when I looked up to see what Katie was wearing. She sat up in bed wearing the sexiest teddy she owned. The open neckline served to make me even harder.

"Go downstairs," She then switched to her mistress-mode, ordering me around. "And kneel in front of the coffee table just like you did for Yuka."

My heart skipped a beat. I couldn't believe it. "Yes!" I wanted to jump up for joy once again. It was to be a repeat performance, except this time without Yuka. I was going to get to relive the experience on the living room floor. I loved it when she played her little sex games.

I stepped out of my pajama bottoms and started to leave, and then just for the thrill of it, I bowed to her order as if she was my master and I her lowly sex slave. Katie seemed to like this. She smiled, and then I smiled back. I left the room naked to go downstairs.

I waited for almost 10 minutes for her to come downstairs to join me. I couldn't figure out what was taking her so damn long. Maybe she was changing into a different teddy. Or perhaps she might step down the stairs wearing nothing at all. In all likelihood, I figured she was playing with me. Katie liked to tease, and I secretly enjoyed being the object of her tease, but I also wanted her to hurry. I needed it, plus I still needed to go to work.

More important, I waited five whole days. Katie lost interest over the weekend and after the little escapade in front of Yuka. Maybe she was jealous. Perhaps she changed her mind after giving it some thought. Whatever the reason, I desperately needed it the next day and then again the day after that. She instead went straight to sleep and claimed she wasn't interested. I needed it so bad that I came close to taking things into my own hands, but waited for her instead.

"Ah yes," She surprised me by walking past the entrance to the living room on her way to the kitchen. She glanced in my direction, briefly looked, but then continued on. She acted like she had forgotten. She behaved like my cock really didn't matter.

But to her delight, my erection remained.

And to my dismay, she walked by fully clothed.

"I almost forgot," She stepped back in a minute later wearing formal business attire and working an earring into her ear. "I see you still need relief before you can fit into your pants."

Of course I needed relief! What did she expect? For a moment, I thought her crazy, but a moment later realized it was all part of the act.

"I really don't have time," She gave a tone of disinterest. "But I suppose I must."

Sitting down on the floor next to me, she reached out and took it. I gasped as my disinterested wife took a tight grip around my erection.

"It's such a sloppy job," She expressed displeasure. "But I suppose it's my duty as your wife to occasionally relieve you."

Squeezing down tight, I felt my pre-cumm ooze out the tip of my snake. I was horny, there was no doubt, even more horny than normal. I needed it quick, but Katie was not in a quick mood this morning. She stroked, but she stroked slow. She gave slow, cautious strokes as though afraid my cock might explode in her hand. Her instincts were nearly correct.

"Put your hands behind you," She stopped after only a few strokes and ordered. "And you must promise to stay just like that, on your knees and with your hands behind you, no matter what."

I immediately moved my hands behind my back and grasped my fingers together. I would have done anything she asked. I was so damned horny.

She began again, with slow, cautious strokes. I would have preferred her move faster, but at least she was giving me what I wanted. At this rate she was going to take a half-hour. More important, I would have to wait. No doubt I would need to think up an excuse for being late for work, but didn't much care about it at the moment.

A minute later the doorbell rang.

I jumped.

Katie stopped in mid stroke with her hand tightly grasped around my member.

"I wonder who could be at the door at this hour?" She asked with a smile. Her words made me suspicious. I suspected something was wrong. It wasn't even 7:00 AM. Who would show up at the door at such an hour? Unless, of course, it was somehow planned!

"Stay here," Katie let go and stood up. "And remember what I told you before about staying in place."

She looked at me and smiled. It was planned! I could tell something was up, and it wasn't just my raging hard-on.

"Stay exactly how you are," She emphasized a second time before leaving the room. "Keep your hands behind you while I go check who it is. If you don't, then I may not finish with you."

I had started to stand. One knee was already off the ground. My hands were on the coffee table and ready to push off, but didn't. For some reason, I stopped. Despite my reservations, I froze. My knee went back down to the floor and my hands returned to my back. I waited as Katie disappeared around the corner and went to the front door. The bell rang a second time.

"Hi Yuka!"

My heart leaped a few seconds later and the sound of my wife's greeting. It was Yuka! Of course it was Yuka! Who else would show up at such an hour? It took only a moment for me to recall the e-mail and what Katie had promised.

"I started making myself some French Toast," The voice on the opposite side of the door confirmed it really was her. "But I ran out of sugar. Can't have French Toast without sugar!"

I held my breath in anticipation of what was going to happen next. Was it just a coincidence? Did Yuka just happen to show up when I was kneeling in front of the coffee table like the last time? I didn't think so, but then I wouldn't put it past Katie to tease me either. As I continued to kneel on the living room floor with Yuka only a few feet away at the front door, I honestly did not know what was going to happen next.

"Let me get some for you," Katie acted friendly and pleasant, not giving away any hints. "I'm sure I've got sugar, but just let me check the kitchen."

Less than a minute later, I got my answer. I heard the door close, and then Katie walked by the open entranceway on her way to the kitchen. She said nothing as she passed, not even looking or turning to acknowledge my presence. I could have run up the stairs if I had wanted. I could have at least grabbed the blanket laying on the couch, yet I didn't. Instead, I stayed where I was, full on display, with my hands behind me and doing exactly what Katie had instructed.

A second later I heard the front door close and then footsteps in the next room. Yuka had walked in! She was in the next room! No door separated us. She was just on the opposite side of the wall. I tried to hold my breath in an attempt not to be discovered, but it was difficult. My heart was pounding. I breathed heavy. Worse of all, my cock remained standing upright and hard!

"Powdered or granular?" My wife asked from the room to the right.

"Granular," Yuka answered loud and clear.

She was going to see me - I knew. It was all a set-up. It had been planned all along. Katie had probably called during the long period it took her to come downstairs. I suspect she asked Yuka if she wanted a second show, and Yuka gladly agreed.

"Hi Jason!" She took me by surprise.

To my shock, Yuka stepped in from around the corner. She walked by on her way to the kitchen, but then stopped in mid-step to look at me. She also jumped as if caught in surprise, but quickly recovered enough to calmly issue a hello. It appeared she knew that she was going to see me, but I don't think Katie told her everything.

"Tell me if this is enough?" Katie instructed from the kitchen.

Yuka gave me a pleasant little smile on that cute face of hers, and then she walked on to join my wife.

"Oh, that's plenty," The two of them conversed. "That's really too much. Half full is all I need."

"I've got plenty."

"But I don't want to take it all!"

"It's not like I'm going to use it."

I could hardly breath. Did Yuka really see me? Did she really just walk on by? I couldn't be sure. It felt like a dream, but my cock was bloated too hard for it possibly to be a dream. No dream could ever be so realistic!

"This will certainly be enough!" Yuka lead the way back out of the kitchen with a plastic container of sugar in her hands. For the second time, she saw me. She paused and looked right at me.

"I wish I had time to make a hot breakfast," My wife immediately followed. "Do you always cook for breakfast?"

"I try to."

"I wish I had time."

"Why don't you?"

"Because there's too many other things to do in the morning!"

To my dismay, they just stood there. They stood in the open space between the kitchen and the front living room. Yuka kept glancing around from behind Katie to look at me as they talked.

"You should try to get up a little earlier," Yuka suggested.

"But there's too many things to get done in the morning."

"You can't be that busy!"

"But I am," Katie explained. "First I have to shower, and then I have to dress, and then I have to make sure to relieve Jason's appendage!"

I stopped breathing. I couldn't believe what she said.

"Every morning?" Yuka stepped out from around my wife to look directly at me.

"Almost every morning!"

To my further dismay and excitement, they walked the rest of the way into the room. Katie and Yuka walked right in to join me. They came in acting as if I wasn't even there, like I was no more than a piece of furniture or artwork to be enjoyed.

"Just look at him!" Katie pointed down at my cock with a smile. "He can't possibly get into his suite pants in that condition!"

"No he can't!" Yuka smiled too.

By now a string of pre-cumm extended down from the tip of my member to the coffee table below. Yuka was getting quite a show, and it was just the beginning.

"I hope you don't have to go back home right away," Katie took a seat down next to me.

"I really should," Yuka hesitated.

"But you were going to tell me about that sexy little blouse we picked out."

"You don't want to hear about it," Yuka acted disinterested.

"Yes I do," Katie grabbed hold. She sat down and simply grabbed hold of my throbbing erection as if we were all alone. She grabbed hold, and then started to stroke it. She jerked me off as though nothing was unusual about jerking me off in front of another woman. I was like no more than a piece of property to the two of them.

"But you're busy," Yuka hesitated a second time.

"I can do two things at once!" Katie reinforced my feeling of being a piece of property. "Did you wear it to work like I suggested you do?"

Yuka gave a shy little nod of her head.

"And did you get lots of attention like I said you would?"

"Oh yes!" She both nodded and answered verbally this time.

"So they guys took notice?"

"They had a lot to notice!" Yuka's face turned red, and then she took a seat down on the couch. Apparently, she was going to stay. It was going to be Thursday night all over again.

"Really?" My wife asked with interest. "Good for you! It never hurts to flirt it when you've got it."

The topic of their discussion made it even worse. I couldn't help but picture cute Yuka wearing a sexy little blouse. Naturally, I wondered what it looked like. Was it low cut? Or was it just tight. In any case, it was sure to look terrific on the large-chested Yuka.

"I got lots of compliments," She let us know. "I even caused one guy's eyes to practically bulge out of their sockets!"

"Really?" My wife wanted to know more details.

So did I.

"I didn't do it on purpose," She emphasized before telling the story. "But later on in the day I sort-of forgot what I was wearing, and I bent over this one guys desk without thinking about it."

"Really!"

"He got quite an eyeful," Yuka answered with a giggle. "He didn't say anything, but the expression on his face and what he did afterwards told me everything I needed to know."

"And what did he do afterwards?" Katie asked.

"He disappeared into the bathroom for a long time," Yuka answered with more giggles. "I'm sure he went to relieve himself?

"You mean jerk himself off?" Katie wanted to know the specifics

"Yes, jerk himself off," Yuka answered to my delight.

The combination of her words and Katie's hand was too much. I couldn't stand it any more. There was no time to fetch a towel this time. I hit me like a speeding locomotive. Suddenly and with little warning, I shot out a tremendous string of sperm as I pictured Yuka bent over a coworker's desk.

"Like Jason?" Katie asked as she held my squirting member in her hand.

"Exactly like Jason!" Yuka watched close as I spurted out the sperm accumulated since her last visit. Chapter 4: Plumber

"That was Yuka," Her first words off the phone gave me a start.

It was Saturday, four days later. I expected to hear from Yuka soon, but I never expected it so early in the morning. She and my wife were scheduled to go out later that night. I was looking forward to what might happen when they returned, after a few drinks in both of them, maybe they would even return with another movie. I expected to again see Yuka later in the day, but never expected her to call during breakfast.

"What did she want?" I asked hesitantly to my wife when she again returned to the kitchen table.

"She's got some kind of problem with the drain in the bathroom," Katie informed. "She was wondering if you could come over to take a look; maybe fix it."

I wasn't sure what it meant. Did she really have a plumbing problem? Or was it just an excuse to start some new fantasy the girls might have dreamed up? I couldn't be sure, but it had been 4 days, 4 full days without relief. Katie withheld sex from me all week. I half-expected Yuka to show up the previous day, on the anniversary of my first two performances, but no mention was made of her. My wife rolled over in bed and refused to even discuss sex the entire week.

If it really was a plumbing problem, then it wouldn't be the first time. I had helped unclog her kitchen sink 4 times since we moved in. As good as Yuka was at cooking, she didn't seem to grasp the concept of flushing the remains slowly down the garbage disposal.

"I suppose I should take a look," I noticed my hands shake as I took another sip of my coffee. I felt excited, yet at the same time apprehensive. On the one hand, I really needed it! On the other, I feared what the two of them might have dreamed up next. Secretly, I hoped it was the start of another fantasy. I hoped to just get it over with.

"And one more thing before you go over," My wife spoke as I got up to go. "Take off your clothes first."

"What?" I hesitated. My heart skipped. A twinge of excitement passed through my veins.

"I said take off your clothes first," She reiterated what I clearly heard the first time. "It might get messy. It'll probably get a little wet. I don't want you to dirty your clothes, so take them off first."

This was it! I realize I would soon get what I wanted, yet at the same time felt hesitant. Already I could feel my cock start to grow.

"You mean take them off now?" I attempted to clarify.

"Yes, right now!" Her words gave me no doubt.

Slowly, while still standing at the kitchen table, I stripped. One by one I placed each piece of clothing on the chair where I had just sat. First my shoes and socks, then shirt, and finally my pants. I hesitated just before taking off my shorts to look for a reaction from Katie, but saw none. She played the part perfect.

"That's excellent!" Her only reaction was a slight smile when she looked up to see my erection. "You better hurry and get over there."

I felt anxious to go, but first turned towards the bedroom. "Just let me get my robe first."

"Oh no you don't!" She spoke sternly as I passed behind her. "No robe. Go as you are."

I stopped, unsure if I was to really step outside in the nude. And not only nude, but wearing an erection too!

"But it's daylight!" I pointed out the obvious. "What about the neighbors?"

"Screw the neighbors," She brushed my concern aside. "Go through the back yard. They'll never see! You can always run if you want."

I stood behind her wishing I could see the reaction on her face. Somehow I knew a smile stood on the other side. I felt a devilish little smile form on her lips as she contemplated the possibility of yet another neighbor seeing me in the raw.

Turning, I went to go. I stepped to the back door, looked around to make sure no one was out, and then walked with a quick pace over to the next house. Half way there I remembered my tools, but then realized I already carried the only tool that was needed.

Thankfully, Yuka answered the door after only a single knock. I half-expected her to leave me standing outside her back door just for fun. Still wearing an erection, I didn't bother covering it. Yuka had already seen me twice already. She was sure to see me a lot more after I walked into her house.

"Thank you Jason!" Her eyes took notice as the door opened. I couldn't be sure for what she meant the word of thanks. Did she thank me for showing up so quickly to lend assistance? Or was she thanking me for exposing my cock? Either way, I just wanted to get inside before someone else might see me.

"Katie said you..." I staggered. "I mean your sink? Help with your sink?" I could hardly speak. My heart beat quickly. Breaths came in gasps from both the run through the back yard and in anticipation of what might happen next.

Yuka took a careful look at me.

I, at the same time, took a careful look back at her. Yuka wore a towel. Her hair was wet, and it looked like she had just stepped out of the shower. The towel wrapped around her midsection to cover all of the important parts but nicely came down low enough in front to expose the tops of swelling mounds.

"Sorry to be such a bother," She quickly regained her composure enough to show me inside. "But I was washing up in the bathroom when they drain wouldn't go down any more."

My eyes naturally roamed to her upper chest. They also noticed the substantial bulge beneath the towel. Clearly, Yuka wore no bra. Her boobs did an excellent job at providing a shelf on which to hold up the towel.

"I'll show you."

My eyes followed her backside as she walked to the bathroom. I noticed her legs. I wondered about her ass, and then wondered about her pussy on the opposite side too. I couldn't know if she wore a panty beneath. Thoughts of her pussy lying exposed just on the other side of the towel gave my cock an extra kick - not that it needed any.

"I tried to get it unclogged myself," Her behavior got me even more aroused than the towel. She spoke as though nothing was unusual. She acted like naked men showed up at her door every day.

"I watched you the other times," She turned to smile down at me. "I mean I watched you unclog the drains when you came over the other times to help. I bought the tools and thought I could do it myself, but this time something else is wrong."

Her bathroom was a mess. The sink was half full of water, the drain closed. Two wrenches laid along side all the rest of the girly paraphernalia common to a woman's countertop. She had already taken the trap off from under the sink. A cookie tray smartly held the water that had invariably leaked out below.

"You really did try to fix it!" I said my first coherent sentence since entering her house. Half expecting it to be a rouse just to get me over, I saw she really did have a problem with the drain.

"See it's not in the trap like the other time," She held up the trap so I could take a look for myself. "Water still goes through it," She demonstrated with the water in the sink. "I can't figure out what is wrong."

"You're right," I confirmed her findings. "That means the clog is somewhere else down the drain."

"Then what do I do next?"

"Just let me take a look first."

For a few seconds, I almost forgot about my own nudity. My natural mechanical mind became preoccupied with correcting the problem at hand. I thought only of the clogged pipe, of where the clog might be, of what I should do as the next step to fix it. I thought little of my naked body.

My nudity returned only when my head disappeared beneath the sink.

"That's very fine!" I heard Yuka say in hardly a whisper.

Only her feet remained visible. She stood just behind me. On my knees, with my head buried under the sink, I left her with an unencumbered view of my naked ass. For a moment, I wondered if she was looking. A moment later, I felt sure she was. The movie from two weeks before gave no doubt. I could feel her looking directly at my ass.

A few seconds later I felt something else. Something touched my ass. It felt smooth and warm, and it touched me right between the cheeks.

I jumped. My head hit the bottom of the sink.

"You all right down there," Yuka spoke with concern. The feeling left my ass. It had happened so fast I couldn't be sure. It felt almost like a dildo, but then was gone a moment later.

I protected my ass by turning around, which made it even worse.

"Even better!" She spoke in mock amusement, teasing me, letting me know what she could see. Only her feet remained visible. Her eyes stayed hidden. She could look as much as she wanted, and I knew she took advantage of every second of it.

The realization that Yuka was staring down at my erect cock made me even harder. It started to throb as I lay buried beneath the sink, and then I felt it start to pre-cumm too.

"Oh yes, very fine!" She spoke as I felt the wetness. My body was unable to withstand the arousal of the moment.

"Can you see anything yet?" She regained her composure enough to ask a minute later.

"Nothing obvious," I lied. In fact, the flashlight revealed a small red ball lodged firmly into the pipe. I immediately Yuka put it there herself, probably jammed it in from below just to get me under her sink in the raw.

"Well I'm seeing quite a lot," She let me in on her little secret. "Keep looking. I'm in no hurry."

Indeed she wasn't. Yuka enjoyed looking at a naked man in the flesh, and she especially seemed to enjoy looking at full men. I knew that much from the movie. Now she demonstrated.

Then, I felt it again. My body jumped. Something smooth touched the side of my cock.

"Hope you don't mind if I entertain myself while you work?" She let out a giggle as the feeling remained. It felt mechanical, like plastic. It first stroked a few times up and down the side, and then rounded around to the underside. Whatever Yuka held in her hand, she used it to push on my hard-on, pushing it to the side and then pushing it up from below. I didn't have to look to know when she had it pointed straight up into the air.

"I guess I don't mind," I answered after a long pause, staggering, not quite believing what was happening.

"Good!" The normally shy Yuka lost most of her inhibitions. "Because I like to play."

She played while I worked. Or rather, she played. I couldn't do much work. I couldn't do much of anything under the sink. The feeling was incredible; the stroking, exquisite. I could hardly think straight.

Yuka seemed to know what she was doing, as if she had practiced many times before. She played upon my erect cock as though she was experimenting with it, pointing it all directions, testing how much it could bend, its firmness, how much she could pull it back. The smooth feeling of the tool stroked up and down and then through the wetness forming on the tip. I pre-cummed, and then I continued to pre-cumm even more.

Curiosity eventually overtook me. I glanced down the length of my body to see her play. I couldn't see much out the narrow opening of the bathroom cabinet, but I could see enough. I saw her hand and the object in it.

Quickly, I turned away. I couldn't take the sight. Clearly, she held a dildo. It even contained the bulbous head of a cock, the mushroom tip of a hard cock. Yuka was using her dildo on me, and I couldn't help but imagine where the dildo had been. In my mind, an image formed of her using it on herself, stroking it in and out, using it for what it was intended to be used for. I had a hard time imagining that shy little Yuka even owned a dildo, much less was capable of using it like she was.

"How's it going down there?" She broke my concentration with a question, asking it as she waved my cock back and forth with the dildo, pushing it from one side and then quickly pushing it back from the other.

"Fine!" I staggered for a loss for words, and I think in a higher than normal pitch in my voice too.

"Take your time," Then she offered. "I've got plenty of time. You have all morning."

I sighed at the implication of her words. There was no way I would be able to last all morning. There was no way I would last another 5 minutes. In fact, I wanted to reach down, grab my own cock, and let my hand fly. I didn't care if Yuka saw me doing myself. In fact, I think she would have enjoyed watching me.

Even better, I wished Yuka would grab it. The plastic dildo was enough to make me feel incredibly horny, but not nearly enough to push me over the edge. It was like a torture device designed to make my cock pre-cumm but not enough to force it into a real cumm.

"I like it best like this," At one point she let me know her favorite position of my cock. She pushed on it from below and made it stick straight up into the air. "It looks like a rocket this way."

"Oh fuck!" I couldn't help but cry out at both her actions and at her words.

"Something wrong?" She giggled in response, pushing me so that my cock pointed even higher. "You drop something? You break something under there?"

"No," I assured the shy little vixen seated below me. Yuka played the part well. She acted as if I no more than dropped a tool or stripped a pipe under the sink, rather than her playing with my own tool. I could hardly stand it, and just when I could stand it no longer it got worse.

"Fuck!" I jumped when Yuka turned it on.

It vibrated! I realized it wasn't just a dildo, but she was touching me with her vibrator.

"Oh Yuka!" I invariably cried out.

"Yes Jason," She answered in mock amusement. "Did you want something?"

"No!" I answered in a high pitched squeal.

My cock started to throb. I felt the pre-cumm begin to flow. Not just drip, but she made wetness almost flow out the tip of my cock. My wife had never used a vibrator on me. No one ever had. I figured Yuka had seen it in one of her movies and now tried it out on me.

The vibrator stroked up and down. She used it to arouse me, and then to make me even more aroused. Most of the time she left my cock in her favorite position, like a rocket. I felt as though it was about to launch. I fought a tremendous desire to grab it - even if that's precisely what Yuka wanted me to do.

A few minutes later the doorbell came to my rescue. It rang, and she immediately stopped and pulled the vibrator away. I felt relieved for a moment, and then empty. She hadn't used the vibrator portion for long. I could hardly stand it when she did use it, and I wanted it back when it left me.

"I wonder who that could be?" She asked to herself. "You just keep working, Jason, and I'll go see who's at the front door."

Of course, I knew who it was. It was Katie, my wife. She had come to rescue me. Or rather, she came, but what would she think when she saw me like this. Defying Yuka's order, I wiggled out from under the sink and took a look down at myself. My cock looked harder than ever before. It also seemed to look bigger. And not only hard and big, but so damn wet too! The thing dripped in pre-cumm. It looked like I had just stuck my hard-on in a jar of clear oil and pulled it out again. I couldn't believe what Yuka had done to me, and then couldn't believe what she witnessed while doing it. A wave of shame came over me as I realized that Yuka had not only seen my cock as I now saw it, but she had watched it as it pre-cummed and turned into what I now witnessed.

"Oh Jason!" She called from down the hall. "Could you take a break and come out here please."

"Coming!" I started to say and then stopped, realizing the ironic implication of my words. I was indeed coming. First pre-cumming, and then I was going to cumm.

"Could you come on out here to the living room," Yuka insisted when I wasn't fast enough. "There's a friend of mine I'd like to show you off to."

I got up and walked out. I felt anxious. Mention of the living room tempted me. The living room of Yuka, where she just might have a coffee table like our own. If she did, I certainly was going to be asked to kneel in front of it
Then, I hoped, my wife would show me off once more.
I confidently walked out the bedroom and then walked down the hall. There was no need to dress. No need existed to even cover myself. I walked confident, bare, with my hands grasped behind me to give them full frontal view of my nudity. My cock stood up so hard that it hardly moved as I walked. It also dripped, pre-cumming even more from the remnant feelings of the vibrator. I walked quickly into the living room and stood before them.

"Oh my!" A new voice spoke.

I gasped. I almost fell over. The voice belonged to a new girl. The body sitting in the chair wasn't Katie, like I had assumed. My wife was still at home.

"Freeze!" Yuka shouted just as I started bringing my hands forward. "Keep them behind you."

I froze automatically. My hands stopped at my side. I paused, and then slowly reached behind me. I don't know why, but I just did it. Yuka's voice was a surprise. I don't think I had ever heard her shout before.

"Stay standing," She shouted again. "Stand at attention before my friend, Sharon."

My body stiffened. I stood upright, proud, and like an idiot with my erect cock before them. Her words had a double meaning, I realized. She didn't want me at attention, but my cock.

"This is Jason," Yuka then surprised me even more with her words. "He's my latest purchase."

The stranger named Sharon let out a smile. She was small and cute, like Yuka, with brunette hair and an oriental complexion. She also looked young, about the same age as Yuka, suggesting perhaps the two of them had grown up together. They could even have been related.

"Hi Jason!" Her sweet sounding voice greeted. The voice sounded innocent, naive, not at all like the typical voice of a woman with experience enough to look unfazed at a naked man standing before her.

"He doesn't talk," Yuka answered before I had a chance to say anything - not that I could have - and then added. "He only fucks."

"OI see!" The response came immediate. Sharon jumped. I might have too.

"And he fucks really well!" Yuka shocked me even more. "As you can see, we've just been going at it. He woke up with a hard-on this morning, and we've been going at it for the last two hours."

"Two hours!" She spoke amazed.

I felt just as amazed. Two hours! Impossible! No way could I go at it for two hours, especially with Yuka. Two minutes would be an achievement, yet I refused to say anything to argue against her testimony.

"Three orgasms so far!" Yuka let out a sigh. "He's really something. Jason's given me three orgasms so far this morning!"

Sharon gave the look of shock, and then she looked like she actually believed it. The sight of my dripping cock probably helped. So did the towel around Yuka's body. It indeed did look as if the two of us had just come from the bedroom. It looked like we had just experienced an intense fucking session.

"And not only long lasting," Yuka turned to me. "But as you can for yourself, he's got it where it counts too."

Sharon smiled. She also looked, looked at it. "Yes, I see!"

Indeed she could see. I remained standing before them like a human statue, allowing her to see, giving her eyes full access to my fullness.

"He's quite the fuck toy!" Yuka spoke in language I had never heard her speak before.

"He looks to be quite the cock slave too!" The stranger named Sharon agreed.

I couldn't believe the way the two of them spoke. They talked about me like I was an animal, like I was livestock, like I didn't really exist as a human being. Their only care was the object sticking out from between my legs. And they acted so calm, so normal, as if they had done this a hundred times before. How many previous times had Yuka paraded men before her friend? What kind of girl was she?

"That's enough for now," Yuka waved me aside as I thought about it. "Get back to work. I'll join you in a minute to ride that big cock of yours and finally finish you off."

To my surprise, I didn't want to leave. I wanted to stay. I liked the way they treated me.

But reluctantly, I left. I backed up while still facing them, distinctively noticing the way Sharon's eyes kept their focus on my cock the whole time. For the first time I noticed the way her blouse lay opened in front to expose bare skin half-way down her chest. Clearly, she didn't wear a bra underneath, but then at least she wore a lot more than me.

"You did good!" Yuka joined me a few minutes later as I sat at the sink.

Her and Sharon talked for a few minutes longer. I heard them from the bathroom, talking in the living room and then saying their good-bys. As I listened, I half-expected Yuka might bring her friend back to the bathroom to check my progress and embarrass me even more, but she never did. Her friend simply left as if there was nothing unusual about coming over to Yuka's house and seeing a naked man appear from around the corner. I wondered how many times she had seen it before.

"I hope I didn't embarrass you by showing you off like that to a stranger," Yuka stepped into the bathroom to console.

"What?" I couldn't believe her conclusion. Of course I was embarrassed! How could I not be, being showed off naked and hard to a total stranger.

"But you don't look embarrassed," She countered, looking again, looking right down at it. "In fact, you look like you loved it!"

Yuka looked at my cock. It still stood hard and at attention. I couldn't help but remain hard at the thought of what happened. I'd been hard the whole time. The anticipation of them walking back to join me kept it that way. I would remain hard for a very long time if Yuka had anything to say about it.

"Now why don't you get back to work," She broke her stair to make a glance down under the sink. "You still need to finish with my pipes while I still need to finish with yours."

She made no effort to hide her lust. Yuka wanted me. She wanted my cock, and I wanted her to have it. She started in again with the vibrator the second my head disappeared under the sink. Up and down it vibrated against my dick. Sticky with pre-cumm, it soon turned wet again as she made it leak some more.

"We naturally don't want to say anything to your wife about what just happened," Yuka cautioned a minute later. "Even though we actually didn't do anything, you know, I still don't want her to know. If Katie found out, she might not let you come back over to do it again."

"Again?" I said to myself in surprise, then the realized I had also said it out loud.

"Of course!" She sighed as if it was obvious, the vibrator still turned on high. "Provided you're a good boy and you don't tell your wife, maybe I can introduce you again."

I couldn't help but grow excited at the prospect of meeting Sharon a second time. I pictured myself again walking into the room, but this time knowing who would be there to meet me.

"Except next time she's going to get to know you a little better," Yuka hinted at an even more erotic meeting than the first. "I know you enjoyed it. I can tell you enjoyed it. Every man likes to show himself off, especially big men like yourself."

Unfortunately for me, she was right. The truth was, I did enjoy it.

"So we're going to do it again the next time you come over," She concluded. "Except next time we're going to show you off a little more."

I took a hard swallow. "A little more?" I thought to myself. Sharon had already seen me naked and erect. There wasn't much more to see, but then I realized what Yuka had seen.

"Please!" I squirmed from under the sink.

"That's right!" She seemed to read my mind. "I'm going to show you off to Sharon in the same way your wife showed you off to me."

I gasped. My cock started to throb at the thought. Not just Yuka, but now another woman too. How many more would see me?

"And another thing," She continued still further. "I had to specifically promise to Katie that I wouldn't touch, but she didn't say anything about letting my friends."

"Please!" My cock started to throb even harder at the thought. Not just watch, but she wanted her friend to participate too. The combination of the vibrator and her words took me to the edge and then held me there.

"And I should probably warn you," Yuka make sure I stayed balanced. "Sharon is quite the cock-teaser. She likes dominating men and keeping them hard for hours. Next time you come over, I'll have to make sure to plan for a bigger job so you have more time."

Not just Sharon, but the vibrator was doing an excellent job at cock-teasing me too. I felt like cumming so bad, yet the vibrations weren't quite strong enough to send me over. I couldn't help but wonder what Sharon would think when she was watching me do the same.

"But first we'll have to save you up for a few days to get the biggest possible load," She added a minute later. "I'll talk with your wife and tell her to keep you dry for at least a week before."

I felt myself rapidly approach the edge. The vibrator was too much. Her words made it even worse. They shy little Yuka was shy in public, but certainly not in the privacy of her own bedroom.

"You're a natural," She congratulated me as I let out a grunt and then cummed over myself.

"Such a big cock!" She watched as I grunted and let go a second time and then a third. "And such a big load of seed!"

I felt myself let go a fourth time and then even a fifth. It wouldn't stop. The vibrator seemed to draw it out. I had never before cummed at the touch of a vibrator. It was a marvelous sensation, especially the way it extended my pleasure. "But he makes such a mess onto the towel," Yuka commented. "Aren't you worried it might get soiled."

I once again knelt naked in the living room and in front of a coffee table, except this time it was Yuka's living room and Yuka's table. My wife was again masturbating me. And once again, naturally, Yuka sat fully clothed and watched.

"I suppose it does," My wife answered and then thought more about it. "Sperm is so nasty, you know, especially when he expels so much of it!"

The two of them smiled at this remark. I saw them both out the corner of my eye: Katie seated in the closest position and Yuka immediately beside her. I could tell that the two of them liked the humiliation caused by their words. It somehow gave them more power, more control over me: Katie because she once again got to embarrass me, and Yuka because she got to watch.

We had arrived at the back door about an hour before. Katie knocked with one hand while holding my dick with the other. Yuka noticed the placement of her hand right away. I suppose she also noticed my size. Naturally, the big thing stood upright and at attention. Her eyes looked down and her lips smiled to acknowledge it, but then she turned away as though to purposely ignore it.

It was movie night. After greetings and a few brief niceties, we were invited inside. Or rather, Katie was invited. "And bring along your slave too," I remembered Yuka pronounce as she stepped into the living room. I no longer was a person, but a slave that my wife took along when we went out together.

It didn't surprise me that Yuka had a whole library of x-rated movies. I almost expected it. What did surprise me was the fact she kept them all in full view. A combination of tapes and CDs sat neatly stacked side-by-side in a bookcase in her living room. They even had the original wrappers on, along with the pictures of naked men in bindings. I never noticed before, but then I never purposely looked around for x-rated videos either. Who would?

We sat down on the couch: The girls on either side with me neatly jammed in the middle. Yuka selected a movie a lot like the first. That is, the men were slaves and the women masters. The only real difference was the plot, or at least what little of a plot there was. The movie was done in some foreign language - German, I think - but the language didn't make much of a difference.

The opening scene was a room full of naked men rowing at the ores of a slave ship. They were strong-looking men, men with heavy muscles. They sat in what looked like the bottom-most hold of a ship, in a wooden ship, and in a gloomy room that ran most of the length of the ship. The time was that of the Romans, maybe two-thousand years ago, like perhaps in the time of Cleopatra. It was a slave ship where the women most obviously stood in charge and the men served as slaves.

The large quantity of men gave me an initial shock. I counted seven rows of them, two to each ore, and an ore to each side. That made 28 men in all, twenty-eight stripped men working at the ores. How did they ever find 28 men willing to make such a movie? Katie immediately liked it.

The women in the movie, predictably, held whips and wore leather. They also wore high healed black boots and two-piece leather braziers that barely covered the rest of their bodies. I dare say they were dressed sexy enough to get me hard, but then I was already hard. Katie's hand made sure to keep me that way.

Yuka might have made me hard too. She dressed in a button-down blouse that looked like it was about to bust open. Between the buttons lay boob and bra. I couldn't help but see between her buttonholes due to the stretching caused by her swelling mounds. She looked nice. She even looked sexy. My initial suspicions about the size of her boobs appeared correct. Indeed she did have a sizable pair. It looked as though all her walking and other exercises made her loose inches everywhere except her chest.

Meanwhile, back on the television screen, more sexily clad women appeared in the movie. It started with two: a slave-master who walked up and down the center row of men with a whip, and a second woman who kept time by thumping on a large drum in front. But soon, additional women joined the scene. They walked down into the gloomy room and selected amongst the men. The whip-lady in charge unshackled the chosen man or sometimes multiple men from the bench. They were then almost dragged upstairs and out of sight.

This continued several times more. One woman after another walked into the room to select her man or multiple men. It looked like they were proceeding down the ranks: First the captain and then the commander and then the lower subordinating officers. The reason this looked to be the case was because the first few women took the best men. Not only did the first ones look more handsome and carried more muscle, but they looked to have longer dicks.

"Oh, look at that one!" Katie cried out at the sight of the first one.

"Those two aren't bad either!" Yuka pointed at the selection of the next pair.

In only a few minutes, half the men were gone. Those remaining had to row twice as hard to make up for it as the drumbeat continued at the same rate throughout. You could see their extra effort by the sweat it made on their brows.

At first the movie didn't show what happened to the men after they were taken away. All you saw were their naked behinds as they were walked with shackled hands and ankles up the stairs. This, I'm sure, was done on purpose. It was done for dramatic effect, to make imaginations wonder, to make your minds picture what might be going on. Not only mine, but the girls too.

"I bet she's really going to get a good fuck out of that one," Yuka giggled after the selection of an especially well endowed young man by the third officer in charge.

"He's got to be like six inches while still soft!" Katie saw it too.

"And I bet he'll give a full nine inch salute when she gets him up on deck," Yuka joked.

Only later did the movie hint at what was being done to the men. I suspected it all along. Not exactly, of course, but I could pretty much guess at what was being done to the men upstairs. It was confirmed after the first of the men returned.

"Oh my!" Katie stared wide-eyed at the condition of the man upon his return. He wore a partial erection. He also sweated and looked like he had just worked as much as the remaining half of the men who still worked at the rows. But what she noticed most of all, and what I noticed too, was the globby white substance that dripped off his dick-head and lay splattered over his stomach and chest.

"He's been milked!" Yuka spoke with glee.

"Indeed he has!" Katie agreed with delight.

The female officer had most obviously taken him upstairs, laid him down on his back, and then proceeded to masturbate on his cock until she forced him to cumm. He was bound when he left and probably stayed bound the entire time. I suspected the officer hardened his cock and then masturbated upon it while he lay helpless to stop her from doing whatever she could dream up.

A second man returned the same way, and then a third. Each of them returned in the same condition as the first.

Finally, the scene shifted upstairs.

"Goody!" Katie squirmed in her seat with delight.

Naked men lay shackled to the deck. Six of them in all, I counted, lay naked and shackled by their wrists and ankles. Female officers knelt down beside each of them and worked. Some stroked on their cock-slaves. Others sucked them. The third in charge and the one who left with the longest dick was busy riding her's.

Each man naturally wore an erection, and I noticed all of them were blessed with unusually long dicks. Some of the women even talked to each other as they worked. I didn't understand what they were saying because I did not know the language, but I could imagine them talking about the cocks in their hands, mouth, and even the one with a cock up her cunt.

"Look at her ride her buck!" Katie seemed most interested in the woman who was riding her cock-slave.

"Wait 'till you see where she's riding him too!" Yuka hinted at what was to come.

A minute later the woman cried out with what must have been a powerful orgasm. It could have been overacting, but after she rose off him and we all got to see his ten inch cock, I didn't think any acting was involved at all.

Katie got more and more excited as the movie progressed. Her hand kept on my cock the entire time, holding it, squeezing it, and occasionally giving it a quick stroke. Sometimes she would almost let go. Other times she pointed it straight up into the air with a single finger as though she was showing it off to Yuka. The whole time I remained erect and eventually started to give her copious amounts of pre-cumm. Half way through the movie my cock was thoroughly coated. By the time the closing credits crossed the screen, it was drenched.

Yuka looked, and she wasn't at all shy about looking either. I suppose she had already seen the movie numerous times. My dripping cock interested her a lot more. She seemed to look especially close when Katie modeled it for her. The sight of her staring eyes made my juices flow more than usual.

One by one each of the men on the television screen were jerked off into submission. Most of them fought at the beginning. None put up much of a fight. It was as though they had been jerked off many times before, maybe they were even made to do it multiple times per day.

Katie and Yuka made comments while sitting on either side of me. They talked about the men, the size of their cocks, and then about them being masturbated and how much they cummed. They talked right in front of me, a naked man, while I sat between them. They acted as if I wasn't even there.

"Nice cock!" Katie would say about one of the men.

"Wait 'till you see his load!" The sweet young Yuka turned increasingly crude.

Like I said, the movie didn't have much of a plot. It was a simple movie of men being masturbated and then jerked off until they cummed. We watched it until the end, and then it was time to switch to the live show.

"Are you sure his sperm won't soil the towel," Yuka went about her worry. "I don't want him to soil my towel. He might cumm too much jizz for me to wash back out."

"I'm pretty sure he won't," Katie assured her. "I can always stop if you're worried about it."

"Oh no!" She insisted. "Go right ahead and keep going for however long it takes."

It had already taken quite a bit of time. First the movie, and then the live show. Counting Katie's prep time and the walk over, I must have already been hard for about an hour. I did get a little soft a couple times while they watched, but a few quick little strokes by Katie was enough to quickly put me on full display again.

"You know, I've got an idea on how I could keep the towel from getting soiled," Yuka perked up a minute later. She behaved like she had just made a major discovery. I cringed with the thought of what might be up the sleeve of this little vixen.

"Really?" Katie grew curious.

"How about if I take the place of the towel?" She offered. "What if I took the place of the entire table?"

"Take it's place?"

Katie appeared confused. So was I. How could she take the place of the towel and the coffee table? What nasty new idea did she have in her mind?

"It's kind of difficult to explain," She answered with a devious smile. "It would be easier if I just showed you instead."

My wife hesitated. Her stroking action continued unabated. It looked as if this part of the evening was not planned out ahead of time.

"Well, I suppose you could show me."

In the end she agreed, naturally, just as I knew she would. She was willing to agree with anything Yuka suggested.

She also stopped stroking. The two of them got up and moved the coffee table out of the way. It wasn't heavy. With one on each end, they easily lifted the table and placed it out of the way.

Meanwhile, they left me where I was, kneeing on the floor with my hands grasped behind me. I didn't understand. I didn't know what Yuka was up to, but understood enough to know it would somehow involve my cock.

Yuka soon answered my question by doing exactly what she said she would do, by taking the place of the towel and taking the place of the coffee table. First she kneeled, and then she went down on all fours. Facing me, she knelt on her hands and knees like a cat where the coffee table had just been.

"Like this!" She started several feet away, but then walked forward on her hands and knees. It took only a few seconds before she was right in front of me. Indeed she took the place of the table, literally. My protruding erection practically hit her in the face. Katie went back to stroking and then had to shorten her strokes so not to hit our sexy young neighbor in the nose.

Meanwhile, my breathing came in gasps. My cock was aimed directly at her. I knew what she wanted, yet at the same time couldn't believe it. It was as though the thought was too inconceivable for me to accept.

"Interesting!" Katie probably thought the same thing. "But isn't he just going to make a mess on the carpet instead?"

"Don't worry," Yuka assured her. "I'll make sure to catch every drop."

She did it quick, between strokes. She did it in perfect timing with Katie's strokes. While Katie's hand was near the base of my member, Yuka made a sudden lunge at it.

"Oh my gosh!" I felt her mouth. First her lips and then her tongue, the sensation was unbelievable. I couldn't look down as I suddenly found myself in Yuka's mouth.

I waited for her to yell at Yuka. She at least should have told her to back away, maybe frown at her for being so forward. But instead, she did the unbelievable. She simply continued stroking, although with shorter strokes, acting as though there was nothing unusual about the neighbor girl taking me into her mouth. I couldn't believe she had actually allowed another woman to take me like that.

"Do you see now?" Yuka pulled back to question after a long suck. "Nothing will drip on the carpet. I'll make sure to catch every drop."

It took me a moment to return back to reality and realize what was happening - or at least what had just happened. Up until now Yuka wasn't allowed to touch, but now she was suddenly allowed to suck. I couldn't believe it!

It took Katie a moment to come back to reality too. She stopped stroking for a second afterwards. Maybe she didn't like Yuka's idea. Perhaps our neighbor had violated some unknown rule. Whatever the reason, I don't think it was part of the devious prearranged plan that the girls had drawn up.

Yuka refused to pause or to give in to any sign of embarrassment. Almost as quick as she took me the first time, she came back down on me again. She lowered herself further, and a moment later I felt Katie's hand leave me altogether. It was as though my cock was being given away. I had just been sold to our neighbor.

"Oh fuck!" I couldn't believe it. My heart started racing. My body began to sweat. It was a good thing Katie had stopped, for there was no way I would be able to control myself with both women at once. Even so, the thought of cumming into Yuka's mouth sent my head spinning. I couldn't believe it. I wanted to so bad.

Yuka started up again too. With the head of my cock now free, she came back down on it again. I felt her lips, and then felt the tip of her tongue run across the head.

"But what if it drips out?" Katie regained her composure enough to ask. "I don't want it to drip onto your carpet!"

"Don't worry!" Yuka backed off my cock-head for a second to speak. "I'll make sure to swallow every drop."

"Oh my gosh!" I couldn't believe it.

Katie let out a sigh. I almost exploded from the words out of the mouth of our dirty little neighbor.

"Provided it's all right with you?" Then she backed off a second time to ask from just above my waist. "We can put the table back if you want, but I'd much rather swallow your husband if you don't mind?"

Out the side of my eyes I saw Katie smile. She pretended to think about it for a second, and then she smiled. It didn't take her long to make up her mind. Nothing had to be said. Her stretched out arm and then the resumed motion of her hand told me all I needed to know.

The strokes came back. So did the sucking. Yuka worked the tip of my cock like an expert, sucking it in and then licking around the tip. My wife never much liked oral sex, but Yuka had no problem with it. In fact, I suspected she did it every night. She knew just where to push and how much suction to use. It didn't take long for my heart to start racing. It didn't take long for me to start breathing heavy. I could feel it approach.

"I'm gunna cumm!" I warned.

And both of them immediately backed off.

"Get ready for a blow," My wife laughed.

"I'm ready!" Yuka stopped only long enough to speak, and then went right back at it again a few seconds later.

"Oh my gosh!" I felt it approach a second time.

And she did the same to me again, and then yet again. Over and over again she brought me to the peak and then backed off. I couldn't help but cry out every time it approached. First I spoke, later I just moaned. I tried not to, but I just couldn't help it.

Meanwhile, my wife backed off and sat upon the couch to watch Yuka go to work on my cock. She seemed to enjoy the show. I think she liked the way Yuka was able to cock-tease me, the way she almost let me go and then backed off again.

"I've starved him for a couple of days, you know," She eventually informed the young vixen.

"Good!" Yuka backed off yet again to speak. "I like it when they really blow!"

She lowered her head to more fully engulf my member. Her licks turned more to sucks. I couldn't help but try to push forward my hips and attempt to go in deeper, to which she simply backed off in return.

"I must say you're an excellent cocksucker," Katie spoke in compliment to our neighbor. "I can tell you've had a lot of experience."

"Yummy," The young girl at my waist pulled off from my near-bursting cock to acknowledge. "Your husband sure has a delicious cock."

The licking, the sucking, the twirling of her tongue around the tip of my cock; she was good, really good. I thought she was good with the vibrator, but she was even better with her mouth and tongue.

"I'm glad you like him," My wife spoke from somewhere seemingly far away. "But if you think he tastes good now, just wait for the salty little delight he's about to give you."

I almost did it right there. She had me right on the edge. If not for her pulling off to speak, I think I would have exploded into her mouth the next second.

"I can't wait!" Yuka sat back. "Especially after you starved him."

She went back at it a second later. The two women must have talked about me during the week. It sounded like they had discussed my cock. Yuka probably knew exactly how long I had been starved for sex.

"I saved him up all week just for you," Katie spoke to my delight. "It was difficult for me. It was even more difficult for Jason, but I hope you appreciate the result."

I leaned my head back, pushed my hips forward, and let out a deep grunt.

"Oh!" Yuka took it all.

I finally let go. I cummed again and again. I think I cummed even more than with the vibrator. Yuka's long tease made the explosion. It seemed like I had cummed more than I had ever cummed before. Three long streams at the minimum. Several more pulses followed. I cummed for almost a full minute before it was all done.

"That was delicious!"

Best of all, Yuka took all of it. She had swallowed every drop, just as she said she would. It looked to be almost too much for her. A small strand of cumm dribbled off her lips, to which she used a single finger to wipe it off and then sucked it into her mouth. "Have to eat it all," She smiled at me.

"Of course," My wife agreed.

For the first time in several minutes I looked over to my wife. It was hard to know how long it had been. Ten minutes, or was it closer to fifteen? Yuka had teased me for much longer than I was used to.

"I'll have to invite you back over before he soils another towel," Katie laughed.

"Anytime!"

I gasped in astonishment at her invitation.

?

"But he makes such a mess onto the towel," Yuka commented. "Aren't you worried it might get soiled."

I once again knelt naked in the living room and in front of a coffee table, except this time it was Yuka's living room and Yuka's table. My wife was again masturbating me. And once again, naturally, Yuka sat fully clothed and watched.

"I suppose it does," My wife answered and then thought more about it. "Sperm is so nasty, you know, especially when he expels so much of it!"

The two of them smiled at this remark. I saw them both out the corner of my eye: Katie seated in the closest position and Yuka immediately beside her. I could tell that the two of them liked the humiliation caused by their words. It somehow gave them more power, more control over me: Katie because she once again got to embarrass me, and Yuka because she got to watch.

We had arrived at the back door about an hour before. Katie knocked with one hand while holding my dick with the other. Yuka noticed the placement of her hand right away. I suppose she also noticed my size. Naturally, the big thing stood upright and at attention. Her eyes looked down and her lips smiled to acknowledge it, but then she turned away as though to purposely ignore it.

It was movie night. After greetings and a few brief niceties, we were invited inside. Or rather, Katie was invited. "And bring along your slave too," I remembered Yuka pronounce as she stepped into the living room. I no longer was a person, but a slave that my wife took along when we went out together.

It didn't surprise me that Yuka had a whole library of x-rated movies. I almost expected it. What did surprise me was the fact she kept them all in full view. A combination of tapes and CDs sat neatly stacked side-by-side in a bookcase in her living room. They even had the original wrappers on, along with the pictures of naked men in bindings. I never noticed before, but then I never purposely looked around for x-rated videos either. Who would?

We sat down on the couch: The girls on either side with me neatly jammed in the middle. Yuka selected a movie a lot like the first. That is, the men were slaves and the women masters. The only real difference was the plot, or at least what little of a plot there was. The movie was done in some foreign language - German, I think - but the language didn't make much of a difference.

The opening scene was a room full of naked men rowing at the ores of a slave ship. They were strong-looking men, men with heavy muscles. They sat in what looked like the bottom-most hold of a ship, in a wooden ship, and in a gloomy room that ran most of the length of the ship. The time was that of the Romans, maybe two-thousand years ago, like perhaps in the time of Cleopatra. It was a slave ship where the women most obviously stood in charge and the men served as slaves.

The large quantity of men gave me an initial shock. I counted seven rows of them, two to each ore, and an ore to each side. That made 28 men in all, twenty-eight stripped men working at the ores. How did they ever find 28 men willing to make such a movie? Katie immediately liked it.

The women in the movie, predictably, held whips and wore leather. They also wore high healed black boots and two-piece leather braziers that barely covered the rest of their bodies. I dare say they were dressed sexy enough to get me hard, but then I was already hard. Katie's hand made sure to keep me that way.

Yuka might have made me hard too. She dressed in a button-down blouse that looked like it was about to bust open. Between the buttons lay boob and bra. I couldn't help but see between her buttonholes due to the stretching caused by her swelling mounds. She looked nice. She even looked sexy. My initial suspicions about the size of her boobs appeared correct. Indeed she did have a sizable pair. It looked as though all her walking and other exercises made her loose inches everywhere except her chest.

Meanwhile, back on the television screen, more sexily clad women appeared in the movie. It started with two: a slave-master who walked up and down the center row of men with a whip, and a second woman who kept time by thumping on a large drum in front. But soon, additional women joined the scene. They walked down into the gloomy room and selected amongst the men. The whip-lady in charge unshackled the chosen man or sometimes multiple men from the bench. They were then almost dragged upstairs and out of sight.

This continued several times more. One woman after another walked into the room to select her man or multiple men. It looked like they were proceeding down the ranks: First the captain and then the commander and then the lower subordinating officers. The reason this looked to be the case was because the first few women took the best men. Not only did the first ones look more handsome and carried more muscle, but they looked to have longer dicks.

"Oh, look at that one!" Katie cried out at the sight of the first one.

"Those two aren't bad either!" Yuka pointed at the selection of the next pair.

In only a few minutes, half the men were gone. Those remaining had to row twice as hard to make up for it as the drumbeat continued at the same rate throughout. You could see their extra effort by the sweat it made on their brows.

At first the movie didn't show what happened to the men after they were taken away. All you saw were their naked behinds as they were walked with shackled hands and ankles up the stairs. This, I'm sure, was done on purpose. It was done for dramatic effect, to make imaginations wonder, to make your minds picture what might be going on. Not only mine, but the girls too.

"I bet she's really going to get a good fuck out of that one," Yuka giggled after the selection of an especially well endowed young man by the third officer in charge.

"He's got to be like six inches while still soft!" Katie saw it too.

"And I bet he'll give a full nine inch salute when she gets him up on deck," Yuka joked.

Only later did the movie hint at what was being done to the men. I suspected it all along. Not exactly, of course, but I could pretty much guess at what was being done to the men upstairs. It was confirmed after the first of the men returned.

"Oh my!" Katie stared wide-eyed at the condition of the man upon his return. He wore a partial erection. He also sweated and looked like he had just worked as much as the remaining half of the men who still worked at the rows. But what she noticed most of all, and what I noticed too, was the globby white substance that dripped off his dick-head and lay splattered over his stomach and chest.

"He's been milked!" Yuka spoke with glee.

"Indeed he has!" Katie agreed with delight.

The female officer had most obviously taken him upstairs, laid him down on his back, and then proceeded to masturbate on his cock until she forced him to cumm. He was bound when he left and probably stayed bound the entire time. I suspected the officer hardened his cock and then masturbated upon it while he lay helpless to stop her from doing whatever she could dream up.

A second man returned the same way, and then a third. Each of them returned in the same condition as the first.

Finally, the scene shifted upstairs.

"Goody!" Katie squirmed in her seat with delight.

Naked men lay shackled to the deck. Six of them in all, I counted, lay naked and shackled by their wrists and ankles. Female officers knelt down beside each of them and worked. Some stroked on their cock-slaves. Others sucked them. The third in charge and the one who left with the longest dick was busy riding her's.

Each man naturally wore an erection, and I noticed all of them were blessed with unusually long dicks. Some of the women even talked to each other as they worked. I didn't understand what they were saying because I did not know the language, but I could imagine them talking about the cocks in their hands, mouth, and even the one with a cock up her cunt.

"Look at her ride her buck!" Katie seemed most interested in the woman who was riding her cock-slave.

"Wait 'till you see where she's riding him too!" Yuka hinted at what was to come.

A minute later the woman cried out with what must have been a powerful orgasm. It could have been overacting, but after she rose off him and we all got to see his ten inch cock, I didn't think any acting was involved at all.

Katie got more and more excited as the movie progressed. Her hand kept on my cock the entire time, holding it, squeezing it, and occasionally giving it a quick stroke. Sometimes she would almost let go. Other times she pointed it straight up into the air with a single finger as though she was showing it off to Yuka. The whole time I remained erect and eventually started to give her copious amounts of pre-cumm. Half way through the movie my cock was thoroughly coated. By the time the closing credits crossed the screen, it was drenched.

Yuka looked, and she wasn't at all shy about looking either. I suppose she had already seen the movie numerous times. My dripping cock interested her a lot more. She seemed to look especially close when Katie modeled it for her. The sight of her staring eyes made my juices flow more than usual.

One by one each of the men on the television screen were jerked off into submission. Most of them fought at the beginning. None put up much of a fight. It was as though they had been jerked off many times before, maybe they were even made to do it multiple times per day.

Katie and Yuka made comments while sitting on either side of me. They talked about the men, the size of their cocks, and then about them being masturbated and how much they cummed. They talked right in front of me, a naked man, while I sat between them. They acted as if I wasn't even there.

"Nice cock!" Katie would say about one of the men.

"Wait 'till you see his load!" The sweet young Yuka turned increasingly crude.

Like I said, the movie didn't have much of a plot. It was a simple movie of men being masturbated and then jerked off until they cummed. We watched it until the end, and then it was time to switch to the live show.

"Are you sure his sperm won't soil the towel," Yuka went about her worry. "I don't want him to soil my towel. He might cumm too much jizz for me to wash back out."

"I'm pretty sure he won't," Katie assured her. "I can always stop if you're worried about it."

"Oh no!" She insisted. "Go right ahead and keep going for however long it takes."

It had already taken quite a bit of time. First the movie, and then the live show. Counting Katie's prep time and the walk over, I must have already been hard for about an hour. I did get a little soft a couple times while they watched, but a few quick little strokes by Katie was enough to quickly put me on full display again.

"You know, I've got an idea on how I could keep the towel from getting soiled," Yuka perked up a minute later. She behaved like she had just made a major discovery. I cringed with the thought of what might be up the sleeve of this little vixen.

"Really?" Katie grew curious.

"How about if I take the place of the towel?" She offered. "What if I took the place of the entire table?"

"Take it's place?"

Katie appeared confused. So was I. How could she take the place of the towel and the coffee table? What nasty new idea did she have in her mind?

"It's kind of difficult to explain," She answered with a devious smile. "It would be easier if I just showed you instead."

My wife hesitated. Her stroking action continued unabated. It looked as if this part of the evening was not planned out ahead of time.

"Well, I suppose you could show me."

In the end she agreed, naturally, just as I knew she would. She was willing to agree with anything Yuka suggested.

She also stopped stroking. The two of them got up and moved the coffee table out of the way. It wasn't heavy. With one on each end, they easily lifted the table and placed it out of the way.

Meanwhile, they left me where I was, kneeing on the floor with my hands grasped behind me. I didn't understand. I didn't know what Yuka was up to, but understood enough to know it would somehow involve my cock.

Yuka soon answered my question by doing exactly what she said she would do, by taking the place of the towel and taking the place of the coffee table. First she kneeled, and then she went down on all fours. Facing me, she knelt on her hands and knees like a cat where the coffee table had just been.

"Like this!" She started several feet away, but then walked forward on her hands and knees. It took only a few seconds before she was right in front of me. Indeed she took the place of the table, literally. My protruding erection practically hit her in the face. Katie went back to stroking and then had to shorten her strokes so not to hit our sexy young neighbor in the nose.

Meanwhile, my breathing came in gasps. My cock was aimed directly at her. I knew what she wanted, yet at the same time couldn't believe it. It was as though the thought was too inconceivable for me to accept.

"Interesting!" Katie probably thought the same thing. "But isn't he just going to make a mess on the carpet instead?"

"Don't worry," Yuka assured her. "I'll make sure to catch every drop."

She did it quick, between strokes. She did it in perfect timing with Katie's strokes. While Katie's hand was near the base of my member, Yuka made a sudden lunge at it.

"Oh God!" I felt her mouth. First her lips and then her tongue, the sensation was unbelievable. I couldn't look down as I suddenly found myself in Yuka's mouth.

I waited for her to yell at Yuka. She at least should have told her to back away, maybe frown at her for being so forward. But instead, she did the unbelievable. She simply continued stroking, although with shorter strokes, acting as though there was nothing unusual about the neighbor girl taking me into her mouth. I couldn't believe she had actually allowed another woman to take me like that.

"Do you see now?" Yuka pulled back to question after a long suck. "Nothing will drip on the carpet. I'll make sure to catch every drop."

It took me a moment to return back to reality and realize what was happening - or at least what had just happened. Up until now Yuka wasn't allowed to touch, but now she was suddenly allowed to suck. I couldn't believe it!

It took Katie a moment to come back to reality too. She stopped stroking for a second afterwards. Maybe she didn't like Yuka's idea. Perhaps our neighbor had violated some unknown rule. Whatever the reason, I don't think it was part of the devious prearranged plan that the girls had drawn up.

Yuka refused to pause or to give in to any sign of embarrassment. Almost as quick as she took me the first time, she came back down on me again. She lowered herself further, and a moment later I felt Katie's hand leave me altogether. It was as though my cock was being given away. I had just been sold to our neighbor.

"Oh fuck!" I couldn't believe it. My heart started racing. My body began to sweat. It was a good thing Katie had stopped, for there was no way I would be able to control myself with both women at once. Even so, the thought of cumming into Yuka's mouth sent my head spinning. I couldn't believe it. I wanted to so bad.

Yuka started up again too. With the head of my cock now free, she came back down on it again. I felt her lips, and then felt the tip of her tongue run across the head.

"But what if it drips out?" Katie regained her composure enough to ask. "I don't want it to drip onto your carpet!"

"Don't worry!" Yuka backed off my cock-head for a second to speak. "I'll make sure to swallow every drop."

"Oh God!" I couldn't believe it.

Katie let out a sigh. I almost exploded from the words out of the mouth of our dirty little neighbor.

"Provided it's all right with you?" Then she backed off a second time to ask from just above my waist. "We can put the table back if you want, but I'd much rather swallow your husband if you don't mind?"

Out the side of my eyes I saw Katie smile. She pretended to think about it for a second, and then she smiled. It didn't take her long to make up her mind. Nothing had to be said. Her stretched out arm and then the resumed motion of her hand told me all I needed to know.

The strokes came back. So did the sucking. Yuka worked the tip of my cock like an expert, sucking it in and then licking around the tip. My wife never much liked oral sex, but Yuka had no problem with it. In fact, I suspected she did it every night. She knew just where to push and how much suction to use. It didn't take long for my heart to start racing. It didn't take long for me to start breathing heavy. I felt it approach.

"I'm gunna cumm!" I warned.

And both of them immediately backed off.

"Get ready for a blow," My wife laughed.

"I'm ready!" Yuka stopped only long enough to speak, and then went right back at it again a few seconds later.

"Oh God!" I felt it approach a second time.

And she did the same to me again, and then yet again. Over and over again she brought me to the peak and then backed off. I couldn't help but cry out every time it approached. First I spoke, later I just moaned. I tried not to, but I just couldn't help it.

Meanwhile, my wife backed off and sat upon the couch to watch Yuka go to work on my cock. She seemed to enjoy the show. I think she liked the way Yuka was able to cock-tease me, the way she almost let me go and then backed off again.

"I've starved him for a couple of days, you know," She eventually informed the young vixen.

"Good!" Yuka backed off yet again to speak. "I like it when they really blow!"

She lowered her head to more fully engulf my member. Her licks turned more to sucks. I couldn't help but try to push forward my hips and attempt to go in deeper, to which she simply backed off in return.

"I must say you're an excellent cocksucker," Katie spoke in compliment to our neighbor. "I can tell you've had a lot of experience."

"Yummy," The young girl at my waist pulled off from my near-bursting cock to acknowledge. "Your husband sure has a delicious cock."

The licking, the sucking, the twirling of her tongue around the tip of my cock; she was good, really good. I thought she was good with the vibrator, but she was even better with her mouth and tongue.

"I'm glad you like him," My wife spoke from somewhere seemingly far away. "But if you think he tastes good now, just wait for the salty little delight he's about to give you."

I almost did it right there. She had me right on the edge. If not for her pulling off to speak, I think I would have exploded into her mouth the next second.

"I can't wait!" Yuka sat back. "Especially after you starved him."

She went back at it a second later. The two women must have talked about me during the week. It sounded like they had discussed my cock. Yuka probably knew exactly how long I had been starved for sex.

"I saved him up all week just for you," Katie spoke to my delight. "It was difficult for me. It was even more difficult for Jason, but I hope you appreciate the result."

I leaned my head back, pushed my hips forward, and let out a deep grunt.

"Oh!" Yuka took it all.

I finally let go. I cummed again and again. I think I cummed even more than with the vibrator. Yuka's long tease made the explosion. It seemed like I had cummed more than I had ever cummed before. Three long streams at the minimum. Several more pulses followed. I cummed for almost a full minute before it was all done.

"That was delicious!"

Best of all, Yuka took all of it. She had swallowed every drop, just as she said she would. It looked to be almost too much for her. A small strand of cumm dribbled off her lips, to which she used a single finger to wipe it off and then sucked it into her mouth.

"Have to eat it all," She smiled at me.

"Of course," My wife agreed.

For the first time in several minutes I looked over to my wife. It was hard to know how long it had been. Ten minutes, or was it closer to fifteen? Yuka had teased me for much longer than I was used to.

"I'll have to invite you back over before he soils another towel," Katie laughed.

"Anytime!"

I gasped in astonishment at her invitation.


?

"Hi Jason," A voice called out my name from close behind. Something about the voice sounded familiar. It took me a moment to remember. My heart skipped a beat when I turned and recognized her.

"It is Jason, isn't it?" She stood behind me in line. Only her grocery cart separated us. "I know it's you, but I'm not sure about the name. I have the worse time remembering names."

"Yes it is," I took a deep breath and confirmed her assumption. We had met before, of that much I was certain! Proof was in the fact she knew my name. I also recognized her. She wore a tight little T-shirt. I noticed the outline of her bra underneath.

"I knew it was you," She stepped around her cart. She came near. Her voice lowered. "I could never forget you, even with clothes!"

"Sharon!" I suddenly remembered! It was the girl from Yuka's house. It was the young lady, the stranger who saw me naked. And not only naked, but displayed in my full glory.

"That's right!" She gave a big smile in answer to my pronouncement of her name. "I thought it was you, but wasn't sure at first. It was difficult to tell with clothes, you know, because I've never seen you with clothes before."

"Hi!" My heart raced as her words reminded me. She was right, I realized. Sharon had never before seen me with clothes. She reminded me that at our previous meeting I wore nothing at all. "Good to see you again too," I greeted her like a high school kid approached by the most gorgeous girl in class. She embarrassed me. My heart raced with the knowledge of what she saw the last time we met.

"And good to see you too," She behaved more relaxed, more calm, like she greeted male strippers all the time. She took my arm and held it as if in an attempt to calm me down. "Although I liked it better last weekend! There was so much to more of you to see the last time we met."

My heart started to race. I could hardly breath. My face flushed, and I felt myself start to sweat. Hoping no one noticed, I took a quick look around. An elderly lady slowly wrote out a check just in front of me in line. The checkout girl gave me a curious look from behind the counter. The smile could have been innocent, or did she overhear Sharon's words about seeing me clothed? I couldn't be sure. There was no way I could ask. I figured she must have thought I was some kind of male stripper who took it off on stage.

No one knew the truth except Sharon. I didn't tell my wife. I didn't tell anyone. Like a good husband, I did as I was told and kept the encounter to myself. Part of it was so I could meet her again, like Yuka had promised, but I never expected to meet like this.

"What are you doing here?" I slowly recovered from the surprised encounter.

"Probably the same thing as you," Sharon glanced at the cart in front of her. "I'm shopping! A girl has to do her shopping sometime."

She misunderstood my question. Of course she was shopping! I could see that for myself. What I really meant was what was she doing here, in this particular store? For a brief moment I considered the possibility she might be stalking me.

"I always shop here," She seemed to read my mind. "It's the closest store to my house."

She lived close! Not as close as Yuka, but still in the same neighborhood. I never considered the possibility that she might live in the same neighborhood. The thought worried me. We could meet again! We might even pass on the street! Perhaps my wife and I could get invited to the same party together.

My heart continued to race when I realized this woman knew the size of my cock. She knew I had a big cock, and then I started to wonder how many other women in the neighborhood knew. If they didn't know yet, they soon would. Yuka was sure to tell others. Perhaps Sharon would too. Women could be so crude when they got together and talked amongst themselves; especially after they got a few drinks in them. I would no doubt be the prime topic of any conversation.

"I just stopped to pick up a few supplies on my way home from school," She began to converse as if we were mutual friends having a casual conversation. "I normally try to get all my shopping done on weekends when the stores are less crowded, but sometimes the best plans aren't enough to make it through the week."

"I know what you mean!" I took a deep breath and tried to relax. "The wife called me at work about picking up a few extra things on my way home."

I mentioned my wife on purpose. I didn't know if she knew my marital status. The band around my finger told her so, but I didn't know if she noticed. I certainly didn't want her to think that my big cock was available for her to use whenever she wanted, but then perhaps it already was.

"You wife is a very lucky lady," She gave a cute little smile in reply. "A husband with not only a big sized cock, but you're even capable of doing the shopping too."

I felt myself flush again. The old lady finally finished. I pulled ahead to take her place. Her use of the word "cock" put a smile on the face of the checkout girl. She looked to be still in High School. The words of the two women sitting on the couch came back to haunt me.

"There's one thing I wanted to ask you ever since I saw so much of you the other day," She asked louder. The checkout girl could clearly hear. I glanced over to see her listen.

"What's that?" I tried to make it appear as if we were having an innocent conversation. Perhaps I should have ignored her, but the response came automatic. I never should have invited her to go on, especially in front of the checkout girl, but I responded without even thinking about it. It was a natural response to a normal question.

"I wanted to ask about your length?" She proposed the unexpected. "I wanted to ask exactly how long is your cock?"

The checkout girl dropped the head of lettuce on the floor.

I must have gasped in response to her question. I couldn't believe it! I must have looked as though I was about to fall over. Her words were a shock, but then I recalled this same woman called me a "cock slave" less than a week ago.

In contrast, Sharon seemed so much in control of herself. She acted perfectly calm, as if nothing was out of the ordinary. She behaved as if she met ex-male strippers in the grocery store every day.

"At least 8 inches," She took a guess before I could respond. "Or is it closer to nine?"

The checkout girl tried to ignore us. She picked up the lettuce without offering a replacement. Perhaps she didn't understand. Maybe she couldn't accept what Sharon had just asked. Whatever she thought, I had to look away from her smile.

Emotions flooded my mind. I recalled the excitement I felt from the previous Saturday night. I thought about how I stayed hard in front of her, and then about what Yuka did to me after she left. And then I recalled what Yuka told me later that evening and after she finally let me cumm. She had asked me about Sharon, and then promised Sharon would see a lot more of me. Perhaps she would even see me perform, like Yuka, with my head buried under the sink. Maybe even the two of them would play with my cock together.

"You're so shy," Sharon laughed and gave me a little nudge with her elbow. "You don't have to answer."

The checkout girl gave an even bigger smile as I tried to pay for my purchase. The tremor in my hand made it difficult to punch the correct numbers into the ATM pad.

"Besides," She continued as I started to push the cart forward. "You don't have to answer. Yuka says she's going to let me take my own measurements in a few days."

I realized I was sporting a full erection as I pushed the cart out of the store.
"What the hell?" I questioned as I stood naked in the bathtub and worked the faucets. First the cold water and then I tried the hot. Neither worked! The faucets produced no results.

"What's the matter?" Katie questioned from the other side of the door.

"Water's out!" I informed her. "We might have a break. It's probably the City!"

The lack of water did not come as a total surprise. This was the third time since we moved in. The first time was a backhoe at new construction site. The second was a new valve that the city decided to install without notifying the neighborhood. Whatever the reason this time, I started to grow frustrated.

"You mean the water's out again?" Katie walked in to check the faucets at the sink. She came in half dressed, in her bra and panty. I'm sure she wanted to take a shower too. She checked for herself because that's the way she always did it. Katie was one of those "show me" people who just had to see it for herself.

"This sucks!" She sounded even more upset than I was. "Must be that damn house down the street."

I recalled the half-completed house. I passed it every day on my way to work. It could be another backhoe, but why would they be digging on a Sunday morning?

"I want to look down the street for a repair truck," I stepped out of the tub. "Maybe they're doing off-hour repairs."

"But we'll be late for the picnic."

"Or else we go without taking a shower," I offer up an alternative option.

It was Sunday morning. We had a picnic to go to, a family picnic on my side of the family. I knew Katie wasn't too thrilled about going. She was never thrilled when it came to my side of the family. Her preference would have been to stay at home, but a simple water problem wasn't going to stop us.

"No shower?" Her arms came around my chest to hold me. Her breasts pressed up against my back as she squeezed against me. I was still naked, having just stepped out of the shower.

"It's just a shower," I grew suspicious of her intent.

"But you know how important it is for you to take your morning shower!"

Lately, over the past two weeks and ever since the episode with Yuka, She had gotten good at teasing me. That is, she liked to cock-tease me. She liked to make me hard, and then do nothing about it. I think it was her way of keeping me horny and primed for my next inevitable encounter with our neighbor.

"We could just wait until the water comes back on," Her hands reached around from behind and took hold of my limp cock. "Or maybe we could keep busy doing something else," She felt it, and then wrapped her hands around it.

I grew interested, and then I started to grow. The last time was Thursday night when I cummed into Yuka's mouth.

"I suppose we maybe could find something else to play with," She teased as she played with my cock.

"And the water might even be back on by the time we're done," I suggested.

"Done?" She questioned as she stroked. "Done with what?"

I turned myself around in the tight confines of the bathroom to face her. She kept her hand firmly wrapped around my stiffening cock the entire time.

"I could think of a few things," I kissed her.

"So could I," She squeezed back in response.

We kissed harder, and then she took the initiative and used her tongue in my mouth. It didn't take her long to harden me the rest of the way, even with her consistent squeeze.

"But I have a better idea," She suddenly backed away a minute later.

Almost before I realized it, she stepped out the door and then out of the bedroom. She had done it again. I stood hard and wanting for her to go on.

"I have a better idea," She yelled from the hallway. "Why don't you go next door to see if Yuka might let you use her shower?"

I knew it immediately! I understood! I also knew why the water was out. This was all part of some game. Katie had probably gone downstairs in the early hours of the morning to turn off the water main to the house. Or maybe Yuka had come over to shut it off. I couldn't know. All I knew was that it was time.

"Well?" She stepped back in after several seconds of silence to allow me to think about it.

"How do you know she has water?" I took a hard swallow and asked.

Katie smiled. "There's only one way to find out."

I was trapped. There was no doubt. I also grew anxious at the thought of seeing Yuka again, and then thought about seeing her friend too. I suddenly recalled the words of her friend in the grocery store, about how she was going to measure me. Thoughts of Sharon made me harden even more.

I was more shocked than surprised to see her standing on the opposite side of the threshold. Being it was Yuka's house, I naturally expected Yuka to open the back door. It wasn't even 8:00 AM, after all! Why would anyone have a friend visiting them at 8:00 O'clock in the morning?

"Hi!"

To my surprise, I looked across the threshold to see Sharon instead. She just stood there and stared. She looked down and gawked at my raging erection. Her eyes looked as though they were about to burst out of her head.

"Glad to see you again," It took her several seconds to recover. "Especially when there's so much of you to see."

It took me a moment to recover as well. It was just like last time, two weeks ago, when I walked into the living room to discover her sitting there. I froze in place. I didn't bother to bring my hands forward. Instead of covering myself, I just stood there like an idiot, allowing her to stair.

Part of what caused my frozen state was the anticipation of what was next. My heart raced with an influx of adrenaline. My hard-on gained strength. I couldn't help but remain at full attention with the knowledge of what she saw. It had been three days since the little episode in the checkout line. All I could think about was the statement she left me with, the statement about measuring. My hard-on gained even more strength as a picture formed in my mind of Sharon with a tape measure.

"Where are my manners?" It took her about a full minute to awake from her trance. "Come on in! You must be here to see your mistress."

I nodded my head and thought about my mistress, my slave-master Yuka. Yes, indeed she was my mistress. This was all somehow preplanned. Yuka would again act as my slave-master, except this time it would be in front of Sharon. I was to be her slave, and then I would somehow be turned into Sharon's slave as well.

"Oh Yuka!" Sharon finally pulled her eyes away and yelled down the hallway. "Someone is here to see you. And I think you're going to like what he brought with him!"

I swallowed hard with the knowledge of what she was referring to.

"Who is it?" Yuka yelled back from seemingly somewhere far away. "And what did he bring?"

"It's your cock slave," Sharon announced my arrival. "Do you want me to let him in, or should I leave him standing in the doorway so every young lady in the neighborhood can get a treat?"

"Let him in," Yuka answered, even though I was already inside. "And I'm on my way."

Looking down at my own cock, I confirmed it. Sharon smiled as she looked back at it too. The two of us remained standing in the kitchen without speaking: Me in my bare feet on the cold kitchen floor, and Sharon in shoes and a full compliment of clothing. I distinctly noticed the way she wore her hair bunched up high on her head. I also noticed the tight blouse and the impression made by what was underneath.

"Hi Slave," Yuka greeted when she walked in soon after. "What can I do for you?"

"Well, um," I almost forgot the reason why I was there. "The water's out at our place."

"And what can I do about that?" She asked. Yuka talked to me as though there was nothing unusual about talking to a young naked man standing with an erection on her kitchen floor. The sight of her face and sound of her voice naturally brought back memories. I thought about our previous encounter, and then remembered what I had done in her mouth. Glancing over at Sharon's smile, I imagined doing the same to her.

"Well, um, I was wondering about your water?" I clarified. "Katie told me to come over and ask if I could use your shower?"

She walked over to the sink and turned it on. Predictably, water came shooting out. I knew it would! Katie must have gotten up sometime during the night and shut off the water main at our own house.

"No problem here," She answered the obvious. "The shower should be working too. I suppose you want to use it?"

I nodded a yes.

"Go right ahead," She stepped aside and waved me towards the direction of the bathroom that I knew so well. "We'll be right behind you."

"Nice dick!" Sharon complimented as I showered.

"Nice and long," Yuka agreed.

"Thick too!"

"So nice and big!"

"Just the way I like them!"

Yuka was more than willing to allow me to use her shower. So was Sharon. Both were anxious for me to get into the bathroom and then under the showerhead. The only problem was that they followed. Worse, they stayed. They even brought in folding chairs to sit side-by-side within the narrow confines of the bathroom to watch.

"I like it best from the side," Sharon admired with unblinking eyes.

"It looks extra long that way," Yuka agreed.

The water sprayed with full force onto the top of my head. It was turned to warm, of course, even quite hot. The girls didn't want the cold to shrivel me up.

"Not bad from the rear either," Sharon complimented when I turned.

"Yes, nice ass too," Yuka agreed. "But I still like the front the best."

I continued to turn. I obeyed the two of them like a slave to the master who owned him. Before I got in, Yuka asked me to take the shower curtain down off the rod. She nicely asked, yes, but I treated it more as an order. As a result, water now sprayed onto the bathroom floor. It would soak the floorboards before I was done, but no one seemed to care. They only cared about my cock.

"I can't get over how big it is!" Sharon spoke in awe.

"Certainly longer than average!" Yuka agreed.

"About twice as long as average!" Sharon sounded impressed. "And so plump too! Look at the size of that mushroom!"

Yuka giggled at her friend's choice of words. "You mean his helmet?"

"It looks more like a mushroom to me," Sharon joined in on the laugh. "A big round mushroom on the top of an extra long stalk."

The two of them laughed at my expense. They started talking about past boyfriends. They specifically talked about the size of their past boyfriends; that is, the size of their dicks. Sharon informed us that her current boyfriend was relatively impressive at seven inches in length. The previous guy only stood up at five, and that was the reason she dumped him.

"You know I measured them before I let them fuck me," She informed us of all the details.

"It's important to measure them," Yuka approved.

"It's fun to measure dicks!" Sharon giggled some more as she looked at me. "And it's important for a girl to have minimum standards and only allow big men to fuck her."

I tried to ignore their conversation, but there was no way I could possibly ignore them. Sharon made it especially difficult when she talked about fucking. I found myself wanting to fuck her. My dick certainly displayed the fact it was interested. I suspected that is why she talked about it, about past boyfriends, and about their performance in bed. She made sure to choose a subject to keep me stiff.

"The bigger the cock, the better the fuck," She summarized. "I've always found it easier to achieve orgasm with a big cock!"

"And more of them too!" Yuka agreed.

"Yes, and multiple orgasms too!" Sharon paused and then let out a sigh. She sounded like she was daydreaming about an old boyfriend, about being in bed together, even fucking. "Multiple orgasms are great!" She concluded.

"They certainly are!"

Both girls paused to think about this.

So did I! I imagined Sharon having an orgasm. I imagined her reaction, her moan, perhaps even a little squeal. Every woman gave a different reaction, but I suspected she would be loud. I imagined her as one of those girls who wanted the neighbors to know when she had an orgasm.

"I bet Jason would be a really good fuck," Sharon then spoke the words that were sure to keep me hard. "Given his size, you know, I bet it would be really easy to get an orgasm with him."

"Especially if he went all the way inside!" Yuka agreed with her friend. "Hell, you'd probably get an orgasm before he got it all the way in."

"I probably would!" Sharon joined her with a smile. "Provided he could even fit all of himself inside!"

I couldn't believe this was the same young woman I met in the grocery line. I couldn't believe the way they talked right in front of me. I wanted to, of course! In fact, the only thing I could think of is fucking her, fucking either one of them, but especially Sharon. I found it incredibly arousing to hear them talking about it so openly.

"Too bad you won't get the chance to experience him," Yuka spoke, much to my disappointment.

"Too bad!" Sharon sounded just as disappointed. "But I hope out other plans will be just as entertaining."

I gasped in shock. I think my heart skipped a beat. What did she mean? What did the girls have planned for me? Thoughts began flooding my mind; thoughts about what they might do after I got out of the shower. The hot water was going to run out. They would soon get tired of just watching. I think my full erection got even fuller with the realization that the entertainment was far from over.

"I just hope he can stay hard until we are finished with him," Sharon hinted at what might be in store for me.

"You'll just have to make sure he stays hard," Yuka suggested to her.

"That doesn't look like it will be a problem!"

"No it doesn't!"

The girls turned silent. I hoped their silence would soften me, but Yuka was right. Keeping me hard was not a problem. I started out feeling horny at the back door. Now I turned even more aroused with the two beautiful girls looking at me. All I could think about was what they might have planned. Last time I met Yuka she allowed me to cumm in her mouth. Thoughts of a repeat performance sent waves of heat through my body. The possibility of cumming into Sharon's mouth felt even more arousing.

"Does he always stay so damn hard like this," Sharon soon picked up the conversation again. "Most of the guys I've met had trouble staying hard in the water. They were never much good at shower fucking, but Jason seems an exception."

"He can stay hard for hours!" Yuka acknowledged.

"So it's not just because of me?" She wanted to make sure.

"It's not you!"

"And it's not just because of the plans we have for it?"

"He doesn't know anything about the plans we have for it."

I again gasped. What plans? What were they talking about? What did these two little devils have planned for my cock later in the morning?

Glancing over, I saw only smiles. Big smiles shined across both faces. They had something in mind, I knew, and I could tell it was going to be good. Not so good for me, perhaps, but certainly good for them.

"Look at it go!" Sharon suddenly pointed to my cock.

The washcloth dropped off the sprocket of the shower head. I felt it when it hit my cock on the way down. The girls, no doubt, saw it too.

"Yes, it can be quite active," Yuka agreed.

"Is it always so active?"

"You should see it when it cumms!"

I gasped at the sound of the word. No doubt they were going to make me cumm. I instinctively knew they would. I knew by past experience. One way or another, they were going to make me ejaculate and probably watch me do it. The only real question left unanswered was how they would make me do it.

"Really?" It took Sharon nearly a full minute to recover. "Are you saying he's a good cummer?"

"He's excellent at cumming!" Yuka assured her with what I knew was the truth. "The bigger they are, the more powerfully they cumm."

"That's what I've always heard!" Sharon sighed again, this time more as an acknowledgement to a fact than in the form of a question. I wondered if she might even take part in making me cumm.

"I'm not exaggerating," Yuka assured her after a brief pause to recover herself. "You should see the way it throbs and spasms when he cumms, and then the way it finally explodes! Jason can really put on a great performance when he's horny enough."

Their words made it hard for me to breath. Not so much because of what they said, but because of what was soon going to happen to me. To these girls, I was nothing more than a plaything. I was like a toy that had walked into their home for them to do with whatever they wanted. The more they talked, the more I realized this to be true.

"Well, I think it's about time for Jason to give us a little performance," Yuka got up to reach into the shower and turn off the water. "Don't bother drying yourself," She ordered. "Don't bother covering yourself either. Just follow us on out to the garage."

Despite the shock of their words, my cock remained hard and erect for their pleasure. It remained erect for the whole time while I stood in the shower, and then it remained erect while I walked out to the garage. Sharon asked for a demonstration, and Yuka was going to give it to her.

Unfortunately for me, I was to be the subject of their demonstration.

"Is he always so obedient?" Sharon asked as she walked through the door.

"All my sex slaves are obedient!" Yuka answered under the hint of a giggle.

She was playacting, of course. Everyone knew this. Both girls knew this, but they still took pleasure at her remark.

"But I just wonder," Sharon spoke casually, as though she was thinking out loud. "I wonder if he would be just as obedient if he knew what we were going to do to him?"

My heart skipped a beat at the sound of her question. No answer came from Yuka, I noticed. She merely stood beside me and watched as Sharon dragged two bar stools across the floor and positioned them side-by-side in the middle of the room.

"Get up," She instructed me. "And grab hold of that rafter."

My bare feet stepped on the stools. My bare hands reached up high to grab hold of the rafter.

"It's good you have high ceilings," Sharon noticed. "That way we can get his waist at just the right height."

My heart skipped another beat at the mention of my waist. No doubt they wanted to look at me. It sounded like they wanted to take a very close look at the most private part of my body. The higher I positioned my body, the shorter their reach for my member.

"Now grab hold tight and keep hold," Sharon instructed from somewhere behind me. "Make sure to keep a tight hold to stay up there."

A moment later she pulled the stools apart. First to the right with my right leg, and then she pulled the left stool to the left with my leg still resting on it. As a result, my legs were pulled apart. Most my weight hung from my arms. Only the tips of my toes remained on the bar stools.

"He looks even longer this way," Sharon looked. "How long did you say he was?"

"I didn't say," Yuka laughed from the opposite side of me. "But plenty long enough, if you want my opinion!"

"But I want to know exactly how long."

"Then at least eight inches!"

"But I want to know exactly!"

It took Yuka a moment to realize the implications of her friend's question. "Oh I see!" She finally accepted. "I should have something around here that might help."

I couldn't believe it. I knew what Sharon wanted. She wanted to take my measurements, and she wanted to take them down there.

"How about this?" Yuka asked after a minute of rumblings through a toolbox. I knew she had a toolbox with all the basic tools sitting on the workbench of her garage. I had used it on numerous occasions myself. I also knew it contained a measuring tape.

"Is it long enough?" Sharon asked.

"It goes to 12 inches," Yuka told her with a laugh.

"That might just make it," She joined in and laughed in reply.

My cock stood upright and stiff. There was no way it would go limp now, not with the prospect of two lovely young women measuring it. It stayed fully erect for them to measure.

It took the two of them working in unison to properly take my measurements. First one of them pulled my upright erection down so it pointed straight out of my body. A second later I felt a metal tape rest against one side. I didn't know who was touching me or who used the ruler. I couldn't look. I just hung there and stared straight ahead.

"Longer than what you said," Sharon spoke first.

"Longer than eight?" Yuka spoke in surprise.

"Almost ten!"

First one of them measured me, and then the girls traded places so the other could do the some. My cock bounced free but was brought under control by a second set of fingers.

"More like nine-and-a-half!" Yuka spoke out in surprise.

"That's our biggest one yet!"

I knew they exaggerated. I had a long cock, yes, but not that long! Yuka's earlier guess was closer to the mark.

To assure accuracy, the girls double-checked. Both of them took a second measurement, and then they did it a third time. They giggled and laughed as they measured, seeming to take delight in taking my measurements.

First my length, and then next they went on to measure my girth. They took a string, wrapped it at various places along my hard-on, and then translated the length of string to the values on the measuring tape. They probably exaggerated about the circumference of my cock too, but I didn't know. I had never measured my own girth.

"That's one mighty thick cock!" Sharon expressed her delight. "Not only long, but damn thick too! Getting fucked by this one would be like getting fucked by a fist."

I think I visibly jumped at this remark. Mention of a fuck sent me into a high. Further words about fisting pushed me over the top. It was bad enough that my erection lay on display. It was even more arousing to feel their touch all the way up and down its length. They touched me all over. Their fingers naturally had to touch in order to take my measurements. I couldn't help but picture myself fucking the two of them, even though I knew there would be no fucking, at least for tonight. These girls were far beyond a mere fuck.

"Oh look!"

Yuka noticed what I knew was going to happen. I expected it. I actually expected it a lot sooner. I was surprised by the ability to hold out for as long as I did.

"That's sweet of him," Sharon looked along with her. "Now we won't have to get out the lube."

I must have jumped again with what she said. It was as if I didn't believe them at first, but hearing the word "lube" left no doubt. Glancing down for the first time since being raised to the rafters, I saw Yuka pointing a single finger at the tip of my cock.

"I told you he was a powerful cummer!" Yuka reminded her friend.

"And I see he's a good pre-cummer too!" Sharon accepted.

Both girls looked right at it. I couldn't help but notice them when I glanced down. My cock seemed to stick out almost rudely for their benefit. Its sparkling head lied almost level with their eyes.

They watched for a while more. They watched as I continued to pre-cumm. The girls helped me along by occasionally touching and lightly running their fingers up and down my length.

"There's another one!" They let me know every time a drop leaked out.

"And here's an even bigger one!" They prodded me on into more dizzying heights.

Never before had a woman watched. Never had anyone taken such direct interest in watching me pre-cumm. These girls were something else. I couldn't believe what they were doing to me.

Strangely, I enjoyed them watching. Their comments made me even more aroused. And of course with my arousal, they made me pre-cumm even more. I felt myself pre-cumm, and soon I felt the wetness trickle down the length of my shaft as well.

"You know what else is fun?" Yuka soon grew board of watching.

She didn't say what she was going to do next. She simply did it. A moment later, I felt it. She slapped the side of my cock to demonstrate. I jumped as my cock swung in one direction and then bounced back in the other. It didn't go far, not in its overly hardened state, but it was enough to give them both a thrill.

"Now you try it!"

"Don't mind if I do!" Sharon accepted without hesitation, and a moment later I felt her too. The girls entertained themselves by slapping my cock. They did not slap hard, not hard enough to hurt, only just hard enough to send it flying. It gave them a thrill, watching it move, seeing it bounce all around. First from the side, and then they hit if from the top. At first it stayed rock hard, but slapping it from the top was a bit too much. Soon the constant movement made it go partially limp. Not by much, only enough to make my member point straight out from my body. They "limped me up" as Sharon liked to put it.

The girls took even more delight after limping me up, for then they could really send it flying. I felt it slap against my thigh, and then they got into a rhythm where they slapped it again and sent it hitting my thigh a second and then a third time in rapid succession.

"Long cocks are so much more fun to play with," Sharon almost laughed as she played.

Soon the girls made up a little game where they each took a side and then slapped my cock back and forth. It was as if they played tennis, but in place of the ball they used my cock.

This constant slapping eventually made me go too limp for their needs, but they easily corrected the problem. All they had to do was wait, and my cock hardened right back up again.

At one point Yuka stopped to go into the house, and a moment later came back out with the phone up to her ear.

"I hope you don't need him back home right away," She spoke into the mouthpiece. "I'm just having fun slapping him around a little."

Both girls laughed. Yuka had to hold her hand over the mouthpiece so she wouldn't be heard. Sharon continued to slap as she laughed.

It took me a moment to come to my senses. I first figured she was making it all up. No one was on the other end of the line, and she was just playacting. But then I realized who she talked to.

It couldn't be!

No way would she actually make the call!

"I'm just slapping around his cock a little," She continued as soon as she recovered enough to do so. "I hope you don't mind me slapping around his cock."

Both girls laughed again. I still couldn't believe she would actually make the call, yet at the same time thought I heard the sound of a voice on the opposite end.

"Jason, there's someone who wants to talk to you," Yuka stepped closer. She had to get on one of my stools because I was raised too high off the ground for her to reach my ear.

"Hi Jason!" I immediately recognized the voice.

I couldn't believe it! It really was Katie! Yuka had called my wife and was actually talking to her about what she was doing to my cock!

"Hi," I was too out of breath to talk. My arms and legs were getting tired. The constant excitement made me perspire.

"I hope you're being a good boy and presenting Yuka with your full hard-on right now?" She asked in the form of a question.

"I am," I answered weakly and only after a long pause to gather my strength.

"And is she really slapping it around like she says she is?" She asked.

"She is!" I told her the truth.

Through all this the girls continued to giggle. Yuka stayed close as she held the phone. I could tell she could hear my wife's comments. First she giggled at every answer, and then Sharon immediately followed. It was as if the laughter was a contagious disease.

"I hope she's not hurting it," I thought I heard laughter on the opposite end of the phone too. "Is she treating your cock well? How's your big hard-on doing right now?"

"It's getting," I staggered my words. "It's starting to get a little sore."

Sharon liked my words most of all, and then gave an extra hard slap down across the top of my cock as if to let me know.

"Well don't worry about it getting sore," Katie didn't feel sorry for me in the least. "Because I will make sure to let it rest when you come home. I'll give it a break until the next time Yuka wants to use it.

I gasped at her words.

"Let it rest?"

"Next time?"

No doubt I would be visiting Yuka again, and probably her friend too!

As if on cue, Yuka pulled the phone away from my ear. She talked to my wife some more, except now in a quieter tone that I couldn't hear. She left my cock alone, but no way would the girls ignore it for long.

"What about those?" Sharon pointed down at my crotch to ask.

"What about what?" Yuka put the phone down and came over to look. I assume she hung up, but I couldn't be certain. I never heard her tell my wife good-by.

"I'm talking about these," Sharon left no doubt what she was talking about.

I gasped as I felt it for myself. Four fingers suddenly wrapped themselves around my balls. They circled around and then gently moved around. She used her fingers to grab me, gently pulling out and forcing my balls up and away from my body as if to show them off.

"Oh, those!" Yuka immediately understood. "I was wondering when you were going to get around to playing with his nuts too."

"I like nuts!" Sharon worried me. "And these are some nice nuts. Nice and big, and plenty hard too."

I noticed the way they said they were going to play with my balls. I also noticed the way they said "nuts." Not "balls" like most girls would, but "nuts" as if to make sure I understood they were nothing more than playthings for their sexual desires.

Yuka looked up and smiled up at me. "I knew you'd like them," She spoke to her friend while smiling at me. "I know how much you enjoy playing with a big pair of nuts."

"Every girl likes to play with a big pair of nuts," Sharon refused to let go. She pulled on them, lifted them up, and moved them all around. First the right and then the left, she examined them independently, taking each between her fingers and giving them a slight squeeze.

My heart raced. My breathing came in gasps. I wondered what kind of games she wanted to play with my nuts. No doubt Sharon would play. In my current position, with my legs splayed, she could play with my balls as much as she wanted. Sharon had an unencumbered access to my balls.

"There are so many interesting games you can play with a set of male nuts," The younger Sharon continued to worry me. "But do you know what's the best game of all?"

"What's that?" Yuka asked while still smiling at me.

"You know the game," Sharon looked up and smiled at me too. "The best game of all is when I empty them!"

My heart raced even faster. My breathing increased. I think I even let out a moan at her mention of emptying my balls. I knew what she meant, of course! The girls wanted to jerk me off.

The girls saw it too. They noticed my reaction. I think they even enjoyed the reaction I gave at their words. The two little vixens were sending me into heat, and they knew it!

"But not yet!" Sharon insisted. "First I want to play."

"What did you have in mind?"

"Oh, I don't know," She spoke disinterested. "How about if I squeezed them?"

"No!" I finally had to speak. No way did I want her to squeeze. It would hurt, and I wasn't into pain.

"He speaks!" Sharon looked deep into my eyes while at the same time taking a firm hold of both balls at the same time. "I thought your cock slave wasn't supposed to speak unless given permission to speak."

"He's not!" Yuka spoke angrily.

"Then do you want me to punish him for you?" Sharon offered with my balls still in her hand.

Yuka refused to answer right away. She instead looked at me as though thinking about how to answer. I first looked back at her, but then had to look away. My heart felt like it was about to burst out of my chest.

"How much were you planning to squeeze?" She asked her friend instead.

"I can squeeze however hard you want," Sharon left no doubt about her opinion on the subject. "You know how much I like to squeeze a big pair of nuts."

Both girls just stood there. Yuka to the side and Sharon right in front of me as she held my delicate balls tight in her hand. It felt as though she wanted to squeeze. A few times I even felt her tighten her grip.

"Let him go this time," Yuka finally answered to my relief. "It was only one word, but if he says another I'll let you kick him in the nuts if you want."

Sharon let go. She acted disappointed at first, but then seemed to grow anxious at the possibility of kicking me in the balls. She stepped back, but then raised one of her legs part way up between my legs. I gasped at the possibility that she really might do it. My natural reaction was to pull away, or at least I tried to pull away the best I could.

"Not another word!" She smiled at me as her leg came up.

I couldn't be sure if she really would kick me in the balls or not. I suspected it only a tease but wasn't willing to take a chance. Sharon was a near a stranger to me. I had only met her on two previous occasions.

"I think he's scared of you," Yuka noticed my reaction.

"Not little ol' me!" Sharon laughed back at her. Her voice switched to a southern accent.

"But I think he is!" Yuka insisted.

"But he's so big and strong," Sharon laughed some more. "Look at the way he keeps holding himself up, and then look at the way he stays up. He's so big and strong all over, especially his cock."

"Yes he is!" Yuka agreed with interest.

"I can't believe a man with such a big cock could be scared of little ol' me."

She stepped around to look at me from the side. It was as though she wanted to see how big I really was. I think she wanted to see me in side profile.

"I like the way it stays pointed up at the sky," She spoke instead. "It's been pointing up ever since he walked in the back door."

"That's because he likes performing," Yuka spoke more truth than she realized. "Jason likes to show it off. I bet we could keep him hard all morning."

I had to fight the urge to let out a moan, for it was still early morning, probably not even 9:00 O'clock. I wondered if these girls might actually keep me hard the entire morning.

"It would certainly be entertaining to keep him pointed up to the sky all morning," Sharon appeared seemed to seriously consider it at first, but then came in with an alternative suggestion. "But it would also be entertaining to watch it give us a little show."

I gasped at her words! A little show? What did she mean, show? I wanted to know, yet at the same time feared what her answer might be.

"Exactly what are you thinking?" Yuka asked for me.

"I think you know what I mean," She spoke teasingly. "I think it's time we gave him a good jerking!"

Relief came over me. I was relieved she didn't make some painful suggestion about my balls. If she only wanted to jerk me off, then that was fine.

But then I thought further. This was a near stranger. I hardly knew her, yet at the same time she wanted to jerk me off. I was to eject in front of another woman in the neighborhood.

"I can't argue about his need for a good jerking," Yuka naturally agreed with the suggestion.

"Then lets jerk him," Sharon suggested. "But first let me change cloths."

"Of course," Yuka agreed. "It might get kind-of messy!"

"And I don't want any stains!" The girls looked up and smiled at me as if to make sure I knew what they were talking about. No doubt they referred to my cumm. I was the one who would make the mess, and my cumm was going to make it. Sharon didn't want cumm stains on her cloths. She didn't bother leaving the room to change. There was no need. All she had to do was step behind me. It wasn't as though I couldn't peak. I could have, I suppose, dropped down from the rafter and taken a look. My arms were getting tired. I already had to let myself down to put more weight on my feet. But instead, I stayed obedient. Sharon could just as well change cloths a few steps behind me as she could in her own bedroom. Either offered the same degree of privacy.

A second reason why she didn't leave the room to change was to frustrate me further. I didn't know this for a fact, but my suspicions were strong. There was the rustle of fabric. And then a zipper came undone. Comments between the girls consisted of "that's pretty" and "I bet he's going to like those!"

The combination of sounds and words shifted my imagination into high gear. My mind developed a picture of Sharon undressing. I imagined what she looked like in a bra, panty, and then even in the nude. Sharon was good looking, of that there was no doubt. She was cute and with a nice body. The sight of her undressing would excite any man, I'm sure, not that I needed any more excitement at the moment. I already knew she wore a small bra by its outline under her blouse, but now my imagination made it even smaller, covering hardly anything at all. I wondered if her panty was a matching set.

"Very nice!" The compliments from Yuka served to increase my arousal still further. "You will have no trouble keeping him hard with that outfit!"

I had no idea what she changed into. Neither one said. They didn't give me a clue. My best guess was an old set of cloths, like perhaps a worn-out t-shirt and old blue jeans.

And then I recalled the reason for the change of cloths. I considered what would stain her cloths, about how they planned to force me to dirty whatever she was wearing. It was obvious. I had no doubt. I was to spray her. Yuka wanted me to spill my heavy load of sperm onto whatever her friend might be wearing. It didn't much matter if I wanted to or not. The decision wasn't mine to make, not that I very well could refuse if giving the choice. In my present state of arousal, all I could think about was cumming. I couldn't help but think about the pleasure and the final relief I would receive when the girls finally allowed me - or rather, forced me to cumm.

I didn't know what to expect, which I suppose made it that much more arousing when she finally did walk back around and allowed me to see. I was surprised. A moment later I felt pleased. Much to my delight, I discovered she did not change cloths at all, but only changed out of them. Not completely out, for she still wore clothing, just not much of it. Instead of changing into new cloths, she came back around wearing a two-piece bikini.

"See, I told you he would like it," Yuka pointed out at my member.

"He can't hide the fact he likes it!" Sharon added in a snicker.

Perhaps my cock twitched. Maybe I pre-cummed some more. I don't know what they saw, but whatever it was, I couldn't help it. Sharon looked terrific! The bikini left little for my imagination. I especially liked the way the top opened so wide. It made her look hot, and my over-aroused state probably made her look even hotter. It was as if she wanted to show off as much as possible, and she had a surprising amount to show. Pleasant to my surprise, Sharon carried a lot more on top than what showed through a complete set of clothing. Her tits were actually quite large. D-cup, no doubt. I suddenly recalled the outline of the bra through her blouse. It was no black bra, but this purple bikini.

"He looks like he's about to cumm!" Yuka admired me as I admired her friend. "I guess you could say his cock is giving you a compliment."

Sharon smiled. "I guess you could say that," She agreed, and then her smile grew even bigger.

I felt myself complimenting her. My cock was so damn hard it was throbbing. I could feel it move. It shuddered at the mere sight of her! No doubt it pre-cummed too. I imagined what the two of them saw, imagined the sight of my own cock dripping pre-cumm to the floor. They looked right at it. I knew exactly what they saw.

"You made an excellent choice of outfits," Yuka then reminded me of the reason for the change of clothes.

"That's why I bought it," Sharon answered. "It both increases his arousal and leaves so little to stain!"

She reminds me of my eventual cumm. And not just onto her blouse and slacks either, but right onto her bare skin. Indeed with what she was wearing, especially with the way the top opened so wide, it was going to be difficult to hit clothing. If not for the ropes binding my wrists and ankles, I surely would have reached down and jerked myself off right in front of them. I was desperate to jerk off, but knew someone else would be doing the jerking.

"This shouldn't take long," Yuka walked around behind me. "Go ahead and step up while I work his cock. Make sure you stand in his line of fire."

Sharon smiled at this, knowing what was going to be fired, and then stepped up exactly like Yuka suggested. Her bountiful tits disappeared below me. Only the top of her head stayed within view.

"Not so close!" Yuka requested her to step back. "You don't have to get so close for Jason. He's a long shooter."

I nearly died at her remark. Given my state of arousal, she was most definitely right.

"Oh, I like that!" Sharon seemed to like the remark too. She stepped back as if to receive me. Perhaps she thought about the gun. Maybe she even thought about the bullet that was going to be fired. Whatever the cause, her face gave the impression of someone who couldn't wait for what was to cumm.

Yuka next held me in a hug. She stepped up behind and held me in a type of reverse hug. I tensed at her initial touch. I tensed even more when her hand reached around to grab me. There was no ceremony. There was no warning. All of a sudden I found my erect cock in her hand. It stood primed and ready for her use: First for Yuka to use, and then to give a show to her friend.

"Oh God!" I couldn't help but cry out at the realization of what they were going to do to me. I felt dread, although at the same time also felt relief and anticipation.

"That's about right," Yuka let her friend know when she got the distance right. "Are you ready?" She asked.

"Ready!" Sharon accepted with glee.

"Ready for a shower?"

"I can't wait!"

And with that, Yuka began. She began to stroke. She pumped my cock. She masturbated me in front of her friend. And she didn't start out slow or give short strokes either, but really went at it. I noticed she never asked me if I was ready. My opinion didn't matter, only her friend. I served as no more than an object to entertain them.

"Oh no!" I couldn't help but cry out in surprise.

"Harder!" Sharon countered. "Give him a good workout!"

Yuka amplified her efforts in response. Not just with quick strokes, but she squeezed down on it too.

"Oh God!" I knew it wouldn't take long.

"Oh yes!" Sharon knew it took. She liked the effect it had on me. "I love watching a guy getting a good workout."

Yuka let out a giggle behind me. "I'm going to work it right out of him," She let us in on what she thought was so funny. "I'm giving him a workout to work out his cumm-load."

"Exactly!" Sharon appeared to be thinking the same thought. "Work out his cumm-load. Work out his spunk!"

"I'm going to work it right out of him!"

"Work out his sperm!"

Their words made it even worse. The words from Sharon made it worse of all. I couldn't believe her use of the word "spunk," and then how she so casually talked about my "sperm" as though she talked about it every day.

"It's so sexy watching a guy do it!" Sharon sounded increasingly aroused herself. "And it's even sexier to watch a guy being forced to do it!"

I was indeed being forced. I had no choice but to cumm for them. Not just the robes and ties, but the feeling of her hand racing up and down the length of my cock effectively held me in place.

"He's almost there!" Sharon observed correctly.

"Just a little bit more!" Yuka refused to let up.

Sharon smiled. She almost looked ready to jump up and down, like she was anxious too see. "Looks like he's shy and trying to hold back."

"But not for long," Yuka refuted.

"Not for much longer," Sharon agreed. "I don't think he's going to make it."

"I don't think so either!" I could almost see her smile in delight from behind me and a near stranger smiled in delight from just in front.

"Come on and work that cock!" Sharon cheered her on like a coach to a player.

"Get ready!" Yuka warned.

"I'm ready!" Sharon assured us both.

My cock pointed at her chest. The bondage put me at the perfect height. She splayed out her hands as if getting ready to accept my load.

"He's getting ready to cumm!"

"Make it cumm!"

A few seconds later it happened.

Sharon let out a shriek.

I simultaneously let out a grunt.

"That's the way!" The stroking hand slowed. Yuka shifted to short strokes. She kept her hand off the tip as if to make sure she didn't block the flow. In response, I felt myself do it. A moment later I heard it. There was the sound of something spattering. I felt myself shoot onto her. I think I might have grunted when I did it too, but couldn't be sure. The ecstasy from the cumm put me in heaven. For a few brief seconds everything around me disappeared.

"Oh yes!" Sharon cried out in delight. "Look at him go!" She let out a high pitched shrill at the sight of my performance, and then another shrill when I did it again, and then yet again.

Yuka kept on stroking the entire time, except with quick short strokes. She doubled her speed to keep me cumming.

"What a load!" Sharon let me know how much she enjoyed it. "He must have been starving!"

I felt myself continue to spray. Yuka helped by stroking even faster, while the whole time keeping off the protruding head of my cock while I did it. To my delight, I found she was an expert when it came to jerking off a cock. She knew just how to get out the maximum load.

"You were right!" Sharon yelped. "He really is a good cummer!"

"And he's not done yet," Yuka refused to let up. "We have to make sure he's completely milked out."

I don't think I cummed any more, but dry cumms followed. I thrust out my hips, grunted some more, and acted just like I gave a full cumm.

"Milk him good!" Sharon moaned in delight. "Drain his balls."

Yuka didn't let up until she did indeed drain me. Already my cock started to deflate even while she continued stroking. There was nothing else to show them, or at least that was what I thought.

Just then, just as I thought it was over and Yuka finally let go, Sharon leaned forward to continue the action. I gasped in disbelief when I felt her. Not her hand, but I felt her mouth. I couldn't believe it! I didn't believe it at first, but then I felt it. For she not only took the tip of my cock into her mouth, but then she took her tongue and rapidly flipped it back and forth across my now over-sensitive cock-head too.

"Oh fuck!" I cried out. It was almost painful, what she did to me. A cock is always over-sensitive just after a cumm. The cock-head is the worse, and that's exactly where she attacked. She took me into her mouth when I was at my most vulnerable state. Under normal circumstances I would have rolled over and forced it out. But in my position, I could hardly move at all. I certainly tried to, but was unsuccessful. The most I was able to move were my hips side-to-side and a little in-and-out. It wasn't nearly enough to get her to let go.

"Oh fuck! Oh fuck!" I pulled on the ropes and struggled. "No Sharon! Not that!"

But if anything, my struggling only seemed to turn her on.

"Sharon!" I yelled out when her tongue flick even faster. "My cock Sharon! Oh my cock!"

It felt almost painful, yet at the same time felt so arousing. A wave of heat came over me. My heart beat like I had just run a mile. It felt as though the girls had just turned on a dozen blow dryers and pointed them at my body.

To the delight of Sharon, my cock stiffened once more. It was as if it had a mind of its own, and Sharon was in control of it. I quickly elongated back into a full hard-on between her lips.

"You little devil!" Yuka did nothing to help me. "You're good!" She encouraged her friend instead. "Oh, you're so good!"

I thrust out my hips. I pulled on the bonds. Looking straight up at the ceiling, I took it all in. Unbelievably, the orgasms started up again. My cock began to dry cumm even more. It had only been two minutes, and now she was making me do it some more. Maybe I even gave her more cumm to swallow. I couldn't tell. She almost knocked me out from the exhilaration.

"Wow!" Finally she backed away. "You weren't kidding when you said he could really cumm!"

I collapsed, or at least I collapsed as much as I could in my compromising situation. My muscles relaxed, my hands rested, and my weight came down on the stool. In the process, my legs spread further apart at the same time. I just hung there, panting, feeling like I was about to pass out.

It was only after she stepped back that I got a chance to see it for myself. Sharon's chest was covered in it. She looked like a conquering warrior, a female worrier sent out to conquer the helpless men of her domain. Splattered between her neck and tummy was a white, milky substance. I saw my own sperm and where it had landed. Most landed on her skin. A little was on her colorful bra. Yuka had done a good job aiming it exactly where she wanted.

"Did you get any more?" Yuka asked.

"Oh yes!" Sharon teased. "Delicious!" She rubbed her tummy.

I think they teased. I don't know if I had actually cummed some more or not, yet couldn't be sure. Clearly my cock wanted to cumm. Whether it did or not, I couldn't be sure.

"I'm glad you like the way he tastes," Yuka stepped in front so I could see her too. "That means you are really going to like playing coffee table."

"Coffee table?" She questioned.

"You'll find out soon enough!"

I looked up just in time to see Yuka smile back at me. She knew. Both of us knew. Sharon was going to take my full load the next time we met. I couldn't wait!

Constructive Comments Welcomed at JackBro_99@Yahoo.com
