New Year's Eve
bynevets13©

"Hey Mom, I'm home."

"Hi baby! I'm in the kitchen, I will be right out."

Ron was returning home from college for his last Christmas vacation before he graduated. Home was a relative term since his mother had moved into a new house while he was away this past semester. His father had passed away suddenly at the young age of 50 this past summer and Jean had decided the house held too many memories. Ron was an only child and since the it was just Jean at home, she decided a change was needed. Her husband had done pretty well for himself and left them enough money so that school tuition was not a problem and she would not have to struggle, although that was not a problem anyway as she worked as a paralegal at one of the high powered law firms in Boston and did pretty well for herself.

"There's my baby boy! Come here and give your Mom a big hug."

Her face was lit up and Ron smiled as well as he had missed her too. She practically jumped up into his arms and he picked her up and twirled her around before setting her down.

"Hi Mom, I missed you."

"I missed you too sweetie. But, you're so big now just picking me up like that, I guess you are not my baby boy anymore." she pouted looking up at him.

"Mom, I will always be your baby boy," he said to her and kissed her on top of the head.

"Well I have to say though that you really have become a very handsome young man, Ron."

When Ron had gone away to college, he was kind of a string bean, six feet two inches tall and weighing about 170 pounds. However, in the next few years he had worked out a lot and filled out to a muscular 215 pounds. With blonde hair and blue eyes, he had done pretty well after his sophomore year with the girls and his girlfriend thought he resembled Matt Damon.

"I had good genes, Mom."

Indeed he did. Jean was simply put a knockout. She and Ron's father were dating in college when she got pregnant and they got married and had a baby boy. At 42, she was still a head turner that would make women half her age jealous; with fiery short red hair and green eyes, high cheekbones and a little turned up nose. She had kind of an athletic build from running all the time with great legs and a nice tight butt, and fairly firm breasts that while not huge, were big enough. Ron's friends called her a cougar all the time and talked about how hot she was. Working in a law firm, she always wore business suits with heels and hose, and she had always preferred to wear short skirts. There were times as Ron was growing up that he would fantasize about her like a lot of young men do about their mothers, and ,many times he would end up stealing her stockings and pantyhose out of the hamper and jerking off in them.

That thought had crossed his mind as he looked at her wearing a grey skirt about two inches above her knee, black sheer hose, black three inch heels, and a black silk top.

"So how long are you home for?"

"A whole month. Classes don't start again until the 15th so a good 30 days."

"I'm so glad to have you home son. It's too bad that Danielle could not come."

Danielle was Ron's girlfriend from college. Her family lived on the West Coast and Ron had decided that he needed to spend some time with his Mom, since this would be their first Christmas without his Dad. "It's ok, Mom. Thirty days apart won't kill us. Besides, we can always Skype. So show me the place."

"After dinner, son. I just got done making dinner for you."

They went into the dining room and sat down and Jean served dinner. As they began to eat dinner, his Mom uncorked a bottle of wine and offered him some.

"You know, this is pretty cool now that I am 21 and can drink legally."

"Don't remind me. I can't figure out how you keep getting older and I don't age." They both laughed and continued to eat their dinner.

After dinner, he helped his mom do the dishes and then she took him on a tour of the new house. It was a three bedroom colonial with a two car garage located on a couple of acres of land out in the country. The downstairs had a family room with a fireplace and, as Ron noted, she had put in a large flat screen HD TV.

"Oh man, Mom, this is perfect for watching football!"

She laughed. "I figured that would be your reaction. I wanted to make sure that there was some reason for you to stay home some so I can visit with you."

They continued the tour. The upstairs had a huge master bedroom over the garage and a bathroom with a Jacuzzi tub as well as a shower. One of the bedrooms had been converted into a workout room with an arc trainer and treadmill, and then the other room, was his room, although a lot of boxes still sat in it.

"I was not sure where you wanted everything so I left a lot of your stuff in boxes. You can unpack whatever you want."

"Oh wow this is nice, Mom."

"Glad you like it. There are plenty of towels and stuff in the guest bathroom so you can just use that for yours."

They hugged each other for a moment and then she left him to unpack.

Ron unpacked his bags and threw his clothes into his dresser. He then set up his laptop on the desk and put it online, using the code for the wireless that his Mom had provided. He started going through his boxes and looked at his old trophies, yearbooks, and other items from his childhood. He also went to another box and pulled out his old books and magazines. Oh crap, he thought. I had a couple of old Penthouse magazines in here and they got packed. Oh well, I guess she probably expected that.

He sent a text Danielle to say he had gotten in and missed her and she replied back that she missed him too and that they were just sitting down to dinner. They texted back and forth that they would chat online later. He decided to go downstairs to watch some TV and found his Mom watching something with a blanket thrown over her.

"Come over here and sit with me."

Ron had changed into his normal sleeping attire of gym shorts and a t shirt and was a little cold.

"Do you have another one of those blankets?"

"Yeah, upstairs but I can share this with you."

He got under the blanket and his Mom moved over to snuggle with her son. He could feel a lot of skin and he realized that she was just wearing a short nightie and panties. She leaned in and rested her head on his shoulder which gave him a nice view of her breasts. He could not quite see the nipples but he could see that they were sticking out through the fabric, probably because she was cold, he thought. He began to feel a little stirring and realized he was starting to get an erection. He immediately started trying to think of anything but his Mom's boobs in order to make it go down. This is really bad, he thought. I must really be horny and missing Danielle.

"MMM, you are nice and warm, son."

Wow this is really nice having him home, she thought. She leaned into him and put her arm across his stomach. She noticed that he had washboard abs and liked the fact that her son had really grown into quite a young hottie. She quickly tried to put the thought out of her head. They watched TV for a while and then she yawned and said she needed to go to bed because she had to get up for work. She got up, kissed her son goodnight, and walked out of the room. Ron could not take his eyes off his mother's ass as it was barely covered by her short nightie.

Looking at the clock, Ron realized it was still early on the West Coast so he texted Danielle to see if she wanted to do a Skype session. She said of course so he headed up to his room and fired up his laptop. A minute later, there she was. Danielle was a cute little brunette about 5 feet five inches and 125 pounds. She had a spectacular set of boobs that were easily 36C and on her frame they really stood out. Her dark brown eyes were mesmerizing.

"Hey hon, hang on a minute, I want to hook up my big monitor."

"So you haven't seen me in 24 hours and the first thing you can say is that?" she laughed.

"Ok that's better. Sorry, I just wanted to be able to see you better."

"I miss you, Ron"

"I miss you too Danielle."

They chatted idly for an hour or so, asking how each other's families were, their plans for the Holidays, and lamenting the fact that they could not be together.

"Danielle, are you alone?"

"Yes, everyone ran out to go look at some lights and I stayed behind to talk to you."

"I got an idea."

"And what would that be?"

"Why don't you take off your top and let me see your boobs?"

"You nasty boy you. You are such a perv...but I like it. However, if I do that, you have to show me that nice big dick of yours."

"Deal."

Ron watched intently as Danielle pulled off her tank top to reveal her boobs, her nipples standing out like pencil erasers. As soon as he saw them, he could feel the blood rushing to his cock.

"Nice baby."

"Ok, let's see it, Ron."

Standing up, he pulled down his shorts and underwear and slid them off, standing in front of the camera. He wiggled back and forth and he could hear her laughing.

"I sure hope your Mom is not up right now."

"Nah she went to sleep an hour or so ago."

"Ron, move your camera so I can see your dick I want to watch you play with it."

"Cool as long as you play with your tits."

"Tell me baby what are you thinking?"

"I am thinking about how much I would love to be sucking on tits of yours right now."

"Oh yea, I would love to have you sucking on them."

As they continued to talk to each other, they each got more excited. Danielle was reaching down into her shorts and was fingering herself as she watched Ron stroking his erection.

Jean thought she had heard something and she quietly got up to see what is going on. More than likely her son had fallen asleep watching TV she thought. When she walked out of her bedroom, though, she could tell that the sound was him talking to someone in his room. Quietly, she walked down the hall and noticed that his door was partially open. She was shocked by what she saw. There he was, sitting in the corner of the room at his desk, naked, masturbating, Wow he has a nice dick, she thought. She was hypnotized by the sight of it until she noticed what he was looking at on the screen. It was a woman with bare breasts who appeared to be fingering herself. Oh my god, she thought. That must be Danielle. No wonder he is excited, she really has nice firm breasts. Ah, to be young again, she thought.

She knew she should just go back to bed but she could not look away. She looked in and watched as he continued to move his hand along the length of his shaft. She thought about how long it had been and she found herself sliding her fingers inside her panties. His pace was picking up and he groaned as he began to cum. She was amazed at his first shot as a hot white missile of sperm shot over the screen and onto the wall. As he continued to stroke, his cum flew everywhere, on the screen, the desk and the wall again before he grabbed his shirt and began wiping it off.

I'd better sneak back to my room, she thought before he finds me. She carefully tiptoed down the hall and closed her door.

Meanwhile, Ron was in the middle of cleaning up while his girlfriend was laughing on the other end.

"Wow you shot all over the place didn't you?"

"I did, and I am trying to get the stuff off the wall. I can't have my Mom come in here finding cum stains all over the wall."

"Oh Ron, that was so hot. I love how you shoot when you get excited. Now just remember, no doing that with anyone else while you are home."

"Don't worry, sweetie, I love you."

"I love you too. I have to run now, I need to get cleaned up myself, and I hear my family outside. Bye"

Ron looked at the blank screen and then down at his now semi-erect penis. He really had shot a huge load and he decided that he needed to just go to sleep. What he didn't know was that his Mom was feverishly fucking herself with her dildo thinking about what she just saw.

The next morning, Jean woke up and looked over at her toy sitting on her nightstand. Quickly she put it away and then went downstairs to make some coffee. Once it had brewed she poured herself a cup and stared outside thinking about what she had seen last night. She must really be lonely for a man if she is turned on by her naked son like that. Yes, he has a great body and a nice big cock but he is my son! She was lost in thought and looked at the clock and realized she needed to get moving. After taking a quick shower, she looked at her wardrobe deciding what to wear. Still feeling a little turned on by last night, she decided to be a little daring today. She pulled out a sheer set of stockings along with a white garter belt, panties and pushup bra. Looking at herself in the mirror, she thought she still looked good for an old lady. Pulling out a black short dress, she put on a Blue jacket and black pumps.

On her way out, she stopped down to see if her son was up. She doubted he would be as he normally slept in anyway. She knocked lightly and then went in. He was still asleep and apparently had fallen asleep naked. Oh geez, she thought, this is the last thing I need to be seeing this morning. She walked over to the bed and grabbed the covers to pull up over him, pausing to stare at his semi flaccid dick. Damn, that thing soft is about as big as my husband's was hard. Pushing the thought from her head, she covered him up and gave him a kiss on the forehead. As she turned to leave he stirred.

"What's up Mom?

"Nothing son go back to sleep, I just came in to check on you before I went to work."

She turned and kept walking, and before she left, Ron thought what a great set of legs his Mom had. Damn, I sure hope Danielle looks like that when she hits her 40s. He lay in bed for a second thinking about that and as he heard her car start up and drive off, a thought popped into his head. Getting out of bed, he walked over to her bedroom and found her dirty clothes hamper. Near the top he found a pair of black pantyhose that she must have just worn yesterday. He grabbed them and took them back to his room.

Lying back down on his bed, he took the pantyhose and wrapped them around his cock which was getting harder by the stroke. He had a vivid image of his Mom in his mind, dressed as she was this morning. As he continued to stroke himself, he thought of how it would be to have her sitting in his lap facing him as she stroked him, her nylon covered legs across his. He quickly felt himself getting ready to erupt and he shot a huge load into her pantyhose. He kept pumping himself until he had finished and then threw the pantyhose on the floor and went back to sleep.

Later that morning, Ron got up and got dressed. Finding the pantyhose on the floor, he grabbed them and threw them in his Mom's clothes hamper and then went downstairs and got something to eat. After watching TV for most of the day, he went out for a run and then came home. Peeling off his clothes, he went into the bathroom and was looking forward to a nice long shower.

Jean had tried to work a normal day but all she could keep thinking about was her son. Actually, more like her son's dick she laughed to herself. She got plenty of flirtatious invitations at work which was not unusual and at times it would piss her off to think that they were all married men who would jump in the sack in a minute without thought. Still, she figured that she should probably at some point get out in the dating scene again but she was not quite ready. She left the office and wondered to herself what tonight would bring.

Walking into the house, she could hear the shower running upstairs. She went upstairs and poked her head in the bathroom.

"Hi hon, I am home."

"Geez Mom you scared the crap out of me. I was just taking a shower after working out."

"Sorry, hon. Hey I am going to do some laundry, I assume you have some?"

"Yeah my duffel bag is all dirty clothes. I dropped it off in the laundry room."

"Well that is an improvement. The next step will be for you to do it someday."

"I know I know. Just leave it and I will get to it."

"It's ok son, I need to do some anyway like I said. Besides, it makes me feel good to be a Mom again for my baby boy."

She backed out of the bathroom and picked up his workout clothes and walked down to her bedroom and threw them in the hamper. When she got down to the laundry room she sorted out everything and got our her lingerie bag to throw her nylons and delicates in. As she grabbed her black pantyhose she noticed that they were a little damp. What the hell she thought. She looked at them and could see some white sticky spots on them. Oh my God, she thought, I think my son jerked himself off in my pantyhose! She had long suspected that he did it as a teenager but this seemed to confirm it. The thought also crossed her mind that he may have been checking her out as well.

About an hour later, she was sitting down having a glass of wine when Ron came downstairs dressed in jeans, turtleneck and white sneakers.

"You aren't staying for dinner?"

"No, Mom I am going to go out with the guys tonight. We were going to get a burger and hang out at a sports bar."

"Do you need money?"

"No, I have some. Don't wait up."

"Ok but be careful hon. Don't let anyone drive drunk."

"I won't Mom."

"Give your Mom a kiss before you leave."

He leaned down and kissed his Mom and gave her a hug.

"See you Mom. By the way, you look really pretty today."

"Thanks, hon. Have fun"

He ran out the door and jumped in his car and drove off. Jean continued to do the laundry and folded it and brought his clothes to his room. After folding the clothes, she went to her room and fired up her laptop and logged on to a site she had found called Literotica and was drawn to some stories about moms and sons. The stories were rather erotic and she could imagine herself in them.

Taking off her dress, she kicked off her shoes and lay down on the bed. Lying on the bed with her legs spread, she began rubbing herself, tweaking her nipples. Shedding her bra, she flung it to the side and began rubbing her tits and massaging them having freed them from their restraints. With her right hand, she pulled down the waistband of her panties, and began fingering her clit and rubbing her legs together while she continued to pinch first one nipple and then the other. Taking her fingers she spread her pussy open and slowly inserted first one and then two fingers in and out slowly, using her thumb to massage her clit as she did so. Reaching into her nightstand, she pulled out her dildo, and began rubbing it across the entrance of her pussy and her clit. As she did so, she envisioned her son on top of her, holding her with his muscular arms. As she inserted the dildo into her pussy, she imagined it was her son's cock fucking her for the first time. Immediately, she began to shake and moan and started screaming as she fucked herself harder and her orgasm overcame her. Her clit became so sensitive that she had to stop, with the dildo still inside her, and she imagined it was her sons cock resting inside of her after filling her with his load. This is going to be a long month she thought to herself as she gradually got up, put on her night gown, and went downstairs to watch TV.

It was Midnight when Ron's friends dropped him off. They had a pretty good time and had run into some girls but they did not turn out to be too friendly so they ended up just watching a hockey game and drinking beer. Of course, the girls were invariably compared to his Mom and they kept asking if she was still pretty hot and he had to tell them to shut up. He quietly unlocked the door and walked in, locking the door behind him, and he could hear the TV. He chuckled to himself that the family gene must be to fall asleep watching TV.

There was some show on about celebrity biographies or something. His mother was laying on the couch with a blanket pulled over her. As he walked up, he noticed that her nightie was open a bit at the top and he could not resist looking down her top to see her boobs. Oh man, I have to stop this crap he thought as he sat down on the couch with her feet next to him and he changed the channel to ESPN and watched Sports Center. 


A few hours later, Jean woke up. Ron was sleeping on the couch with his head back sitting up. She smiled and debated about whether or not she should wake him up. She looked him over and decided that he really was a handsome young man and she was proud of how he had turned out. As she looked at him, she also noticed that he appeared to have a hard on, and she thought he must be dreaming about something. Quickly trying to put that thought out of her head, she stood up and leaned over and gently started calling his name.

"Ron, Ron, wake up honey."

Ron was just about to shove his cock into his girlfriend in his dream when he woke up to look directly down his mother's nightgown. He looked up quickly into his mother's deep green eyes.

"What's up, Mom?"

"Honey it is two o'clock on the morning. Why don't you go to bed?"

"Ok, Mom." He got up, kissed his Mom on the cheek and went off to his room. Damn, she has a pretty tight body. I would love to be able to wake up to something like that every morning.

The next day, Jean got up, quickly got dressed and went to work. Again, she day dreamed about her son and she was starting to worry about her obsession. And again, she really thought that what she needed was to get laid. As she was thinking that, one of her co workers came up to her.

"Hey Jean how are you today?"

"Hi Jackie, I am fine how are you?"

Jackie was Jean's best friend both at work as well as out of it. Jackie had dark hair, an olive complexion and was about 5 feet 2 inches and around 170 pounds and wore glasses. She used to joke that about 100 pounds of it was in her chest as she had a pair of 46DDs that drew attention from everyone. A little thick around the middle, she still had decent legs and the "girls" more than drew attention away from her belly and ass.

"I'm great thanks. Hey you haven't RSVP'd to the New Year's party at Mr. Wood's house." Mr. Woods was the Managing Partner of the firm.

"Oh geez I forgot all about it. I had forgotten because I did not really want to go alone."

"Oh come on, Jean. I will be there. Why not bring your son? How is he by the way?"

"It is great having him home. " She thought for a moment and then said, "Do you think I could bring him?"

"Sure, why not? Besides I would not mind seeing that handsome son of yours." She laughed.

"Ok, put me down for two people."

"Great, see you there then. I am sure he will have a good time. If nothing else, there is free beer and I am sure the women won't mind seeing a handsome young stud."

"Stop it," Jean said laughing, "That is my baby boy you are talking about."

"He ain't so little anymore, Jean."

The rest of the day, Jean kept thinking about whether or not Ron would actually go. If I have to, I can always play the lonely Mom thing on him. When she got home, she once again heard the shower running. Geez what a life she thought. Being able to sleep, work out and party. Oh well, he works pretty hard at school and is a pretty good boy. She went upstairs and knocked on the bathroom door and then cracked it open.

"Hi hon, I'm home."

"Geez Mom you have to stop doing that. You are going to give me a heart attack."

"Sorry sweetie. Are you going to be having dinner tonight or are you going out again?

"No, I am going to stay home. What are we having?"

"I don't know, I will find something to fix. I'm glad you are staying home, it will give us a chance to catch up a bit."

She walked down the hall to her room and checked her clothes hamper. Her stockings were still there and dry so he had not done anything today she thought. Just then, she heard the bathroom door open so she decided to peek. Looking down the hall, she got a quick shot of his ass as he walked naked into his room and shut the door. Damn, wish I had looked earlier, she thought.

A few minutes later, while she was in the kitchen, Ron walked in and went to the refrigerator and pulled out a bottle of water.

"Hey Ron I have a question to ask."

Oh crap he thought. She figured out I jerked off in her pantyhose.

"Yeah?"

"Well the firm is having a New Year's Eve Party at Mr. Wood's house and I was wondering if you would like to go with me?"

"What? Me at a party like that? I would be so out of place like a fish out of water."

"Oh come on. It'll be fun. Besides, I have not been out in a long time and it would give me a chance to show you off. And, since you were planning on going to law school, it would not hurt to maybe schmooze a bit and get some recommendations."

He sat there thinking about it for a minute. She is right about the recommendations. Besides, there would be pretty good food and free beer. And, he felt bad that she had not been out in a while.

"Ok, Mom, I will do it, but you will owe me for this." He laughed.

"I promise I will make it worth your while," she heard herself saying. Oh my God, she thought, I am flirting with my own son!

"Do I need to wear a tux?"

"Yes it is a formal. You need to go to the tux place and rent one."

"Geez, a formal too? If you had told me that I might not have said yes," and made a face.

Jean put down the spoon she was using and walked over and wrapped her arms around her son's waist and hugged him tight.

"Thank you honey." She reached up and kissed him on the cheek as he hugged her back and they held each other for a moment before breaking the embrace.

The next few weeks went by and the sexual tension between them continued to rise. She would check her hamper every day to see if he had jerked off in her underwear, and he would try to look down her blouse or stare at her legs. Their flirting had continued and each was sure the other was turned on, but neither one of them was quite sure of what to do next, so they continued to play their silent game of seduction; neither one of them wanting to be the one who misread the signals. If they only knew that they were both masturbating to the thought of the other, things might have really heated up.

It was now the night before the big New Year's party and Ron had gone off to pick up his tux. When he got home, he found his Mom sitting in the living room on the couch with a glass of wine and she appeared to be crying a bit. She must have just gotten home from work he though as she sat there with her legs under her, wearing white sheer pantyhose, a short red skirt, and a white sheer blouse. Damn she looks hot, he thought.

"What's up Mom?"

Sniffling, she replied "Hi Sweetie. Did you pick up your tux?"

"Yep, I just hung it up in the hall closet. What's the matter?" he said as he sat down with her on the couch.

"Nothing."

"Come on Mom, what is the matter?"

"I was just feeling a little sad, thinking of your Dad and being alone." She took a sip of the wine and looked off in the distance.

"I think a lot about him too Mom. But you aren't' alone, you do have me."

Ron moved over and put his arm around her and she instinctively moved into him. His left arm draped over her shoulder and he noticed that his hand was resting next to her breast but he did not move it.

"Here Mom, sit up."

"What are you going to do?"

"Relax; let me rub your shoulders and neck for you."

She turned so that her back was facing him and as she did, her skirt rode up a bit, exposing most of her thighs. Oh man I am going to get a hard on for sure, he thought. Gently, he began rubbing her shoulders and her neck and he could feel her relaxing. The feel of her muscular son's hands on her felt good and she closed her eyes to enjoy it. She could feel herself getting moist down there as he continued to expertly rub her shoulders and massage her back. She looked down and could see her nipples sticking out like headlights.

As he continued to rub her he kept glancing over her shoulder, enjoying the view of her toned pantyhose covered legs. OH man, her nipples are hard! I wonder if this is turning her on? Shit I am getting a boner of major proportions, he thought. He was enjoying this too much, he thought and realized that it probably was because he had not seen Danielle in a couple of weeks. He had his legs spread a bit and his mother's back was right in the middle of his crotch now. His cock was definitely hard and the base of her spine was resting right up against it.

Oh my, he has a hard on! This feels so good, she thought as she put one leg on the floor and one leg out on the end of the couch, pushing herself in deeper into him. Oh I would love to be able to finger myself while he does this but that would be so wrong.

Shit what is she doing, he thought? She can definitely feel it against her. I have really got to play this cool. I would love to be able to pull my dick out right now but she would freak for sure.

"How does that feel, Mom?"

"It feels nice, hon. Nice and hard the way I like it."

Is she talking about the massage or my cock he thought to himself? By now there could be no doubt in his mind that she was rubbing up against it. As continued to massage her, she idly ran her fingers along his leg which had the effect of making him even more uncomfortable. All of a sudden, the phone rang.

"I'll get it, Mom." Thank goodness he thought to himself as he jumped up.

Shit, she thought to herself. "Ok hon, it might be your grandmother."

He quickly jumped up and ran to answer the phone, thinking how grandma may have saved him from doing an unnatural act with his mother.

She could hear Ron chatting with his grandmother and she sat back for a second. She reached down in between her legs and her pantyhose were soaked. As she checked herself, her son came up from behind and handed her the phone.

I wonder if he saw that, she thought as she began talking to her own mother.

Ron, after handing the phone off to his mother, headed off to his room when his cell phone rang and it was Danielle.

"Hey Ron how are you sweetie?"

"I am fine Danielle, just hanging out not doing much."

"I missed you so I thought I would give you a ring. We are headed out to go skiing and wanted to hear your voice before four hours on the road with the family. Are you still going out with your Mom tomorrow?"

"Yeah I am the designated date for tomorrow."

"Well, I think that is so sweet that you are doing that. Besides, I don't have to worry about you fooling around with someone and getting drunk."

If you only knew, he thought.

They chatted for a few more minutes and he hung up the phone and headed back to the kitchen. His Mom was in the kitchen but he noticed that she had changed into a pair of sweatpants and a t shirt. Wow she even makes that look good, he thought. She finished making dinner and they ate together, both of them carrying on a normal conversation, neither one acknowledging what had happened earlier. After dinner, they sat down and watched a movie on TV.

"Well I am going to go to bed son. It has been a long day. I will be home early as we are closing after half a day so I plan on getting my hair and nails done."

"Ok, I am going to run a few errands but will be around, Mom."

"I'm looking forward to our date tomorrow. Goodnight sweetie," she said and she gave him a kiss and a hug.

"Nite Mom I think I will go to bed too."

When he had shut his door, Ron immediately stripped off his clothes and lay on the bed. His cock actually hurt from being hard for so long and he needed an immediate release. He reached down and began stroking himself, smearing the precum on his cock to help lubricate it. After about ten strokes, he shot off; hitting the headboard behind so hard it made a loud splat sound and then ended up hitting himself in the face with a couple more before the rest of it dribbled out on his stomach and crotch. Picking up his t shirt, he wiped it off and then fell sound asleep.

Meanwhile, Jean had gone back to her room and after turning out the lights, stripped off her sweatpants and immediately pulled out her vibrator. She was more turned on than she had ever been in her life and she half wanted to go down to her son's room and just jump on him. Realizing that may not be a good idea, she fantasized about riding on top of him, his massive cock going in and out of her pussy while he felt her tits in his hands. With that thought, she came rapidly and her whole body shook with her orgasm. Having relieved herself, she stuck the vibrator back in the drawer and fell asleep.

The next day, after getting off from work, Jean ran to the nail salon and then to get her hair done. She ended up getting home around four. Good, she thought. We don't have to be there until 8 so I have plenty of time to relax before we leave. She came home and changed, putting on a pair of sweats and a sweatshirt and then sat in the recliner and took a nap.

Ron came in about an hour later having gone to the gym for a workout. When he came in, he saw his Mom sleeping on the recliner. Instantly, his cock got hard again which was not unusual since he had spent most of the day that way thinking about her. Shit, I need a bottle of water, maybe I should pour it on myself, he thought. He grabbed a bottle of water and then went to his room to change and take a shower.

Jean woke up refreshed after a couple of hour nap and realized that her son was home as she could hear him in the shower. She got up and went to her room and jumped in the shower herself to start the process of getting ready. After taking a long hot shower, she dried off and then began putting on her makeup. After applying her makeup, she went to pick out what she was going to wear.

She had decided about a week ago that she wanted to make a statement, so she was going to wear a very form fitting black dress that fell about two inches above the knee and with a strapless shelf bra, was cut low enough to make her cleavage on display. She also picked out a pair of black three inch heels. Since the dress was short, she could not wear stockings and garters but settled on some black suspender hose. She actually preferred those because they were not as binding as pantyhose around the crotch, and would not leave any lines. She struggled into the dress and then realized that she could not zip it up without help. She walked to her son's room and knocked on the door.

"Come on in, Mom, I am dressed."

Opening the door, she had to catch her breath. There stood one of the most handsome and well built men she had ever seen, even if he were her son. His black tux hung on him perfectly and he looked extremely dashing with the black cummerbund and tie on.

"Wow you look very handsome son."

"Holy shit, Mom you look um um um wow!"

She laughed, "Beautiful would have been ok but I think I will take wow. I need you to zip me up in the back son."

She walked over to him and turned around. The zipper was kind of small and he struggle a bit finding it, and his hand slid down her ass for a second. When he finally got the zipper up the touch of his hand on her bare neck sent tingles through her. She turned and hugged him and looked up into his eyes.

"You smell great too, Mom. Holy crap you look totally hot!"

"Thanks, sweetie. Glad to know that an old lady can still look hot."

"Mom you are not old. And I always thought you were hot. I have to tell you, my friends have always talked about how they wished their Moms looked like you."

"Your friends talk about me?"

"Yeah, I guess I shouldn't have told you that."

"What do they say, tell me."

"Come on Mom not now."

"Oh come on, tell me," she said and she started tickling him.

He started laughing and was trying to hold on to her while at the same time stop her from tickling him. He finally managed to turn her around and wrap his arms around her with her facing away from him. He had pinned her arms and she struggled to get free, laughing while he held her tight. After about a minute, she stopped struggling and he loosened his grip a little but still held her, his arms wrapped around her. The music from his iPod dock was playing a soft melody and Jean began to sway to it, and Ron swayed with her in time to the music. Both of their hearts were beating quickly, both wanting each other, but both afraid of crossing the line. Shit, Jean thought to herself, he is too afraid to make the first move, I guess I will have to do it. I don't care if he is my son.

She turned around to look at Ron only to be surprised when he leaned down and kissed her full on the lips.

"Oh geez Mom I don't know what came over me, I.."

"Shh, don't say another word."

They kissed each other a few times on the lips, gentle pecks and then finally, their mouths met and parted, their tongues dancing together in the love and lust normally forbidden to mother and son. He bent over to grab her ass, and she immediately placed a hand on his crotch, and could feel the outline of his raging erection. As they kissed, he struggled out of his tuxedo jacket and threw it on the floor, as Jean undid the zipper to his fly and reached in to feel his cock restrained by his briefs. As she did this, he pushed down the suspenders of his pants and Jean pushed him back wards until he fell on the bed and she jumped on top of him, straddling him just below his crotch. As she reached down to undo the fastener on his pants, he ran his hands up and down her nylon covered legs, and the sight of her still dressed with her heels still on was driving him crazy.

Ron looked up to see his Mom with looking down at him, her hair hanging down in front of her face as she pulled down the waistband of his underwear and watched his cock spring out like a coiled snake. Her face was pure concentration as with one hand, she grabbed his cock while with the other, she gently massaged his balls. My God he is much bigger than his father, she thought to herself. He struggled to pull her down to kiss her while she continued to massage his cock, and he put his hands on her breasts and began to squeeze them.

As he started to run his fingers up her thighs, the doorbell rang a couple of times.

"Who the hell is that?" he said.

"Shit, I have no idea. Quick, get yourself put back together but don't do anything. We'll take care of this later." With that, Jean jumped off the bed, straightened herself up and walked to the door. As she did she walked by a mirror and stopped to look at herself. Holy shit, my face is flushed she thought and then who the hell has the bad timing to show up now?

She opened the door and it was her friend Jackie from work.

"Hi Jean, sorry for just dropping by but I was wondering if I could ride with you guys to the party?"

"Really? Why is that?"

"Well, my husband has been out of town on a business trip and got weathered in and there are no flights out of Chicago so he is stuck there at least until tomorrow morning. I did not want to go by myself and then I thought I would just pop over."

Your timing stinks, Jean thought as she invited her in.

"Not a problem, Jackie. Not a problem at all. We were just getting ready to leave ourselves. You look really nice. I see the girls are going to be out tonight aren't they?"

"Ha ha." Jackie laughed. She was wearing a low cut red evening gown with a slit midway up her thigh and the neckline revealed a spectacular view of her assets. She wore patterned stockings with high heels to top off the ensemble.

"You look pretty nice yourself, Jean, if I was a lesbian I would do you." They both laughed.

"Well hold on a minute and let me see if Ron if ready." Jean said.

"I heard that Mom and yes, I am ready," Ron responded, walking out with his tux jacket back on and his pants zipped back up. The poor guy, Jean thought. He had to stuff that thing back in his pants and I know how hard that can be for a guy his age to get that close and not do anything. They made eye contact briefly and then looked away, afraid that Jackie might suspect something.

"Wow, Ron.", Jackie said. "You look amazing. I wish you were my date tonight sweetie."


"Hi Jackie, nice to see you and thanks. You look pretty amazing yourself." He walked over and gave her a hug and a kiss on the cheek and then stepped back. Jean noticed that he was looking at Jackie's chest while he talked to her. Typical man, she thought. Wait, am I jealous? Geez this whole thing is pretty sick, she thought. But I can't help myself, I have never wanted anyone more, she thought.

"Jean, I need to use your bathroom before we go if that is ok."

"No problem, Jackie it's over there."

Jean and Ron stared at each other while waiting for the door to close. Once it did, it took a minute before either one could talk.

"Mom, geez what happened?"

"I don't know son, but we both were a bit carried away there. Maybe we are both a little lonely."

"Yeah maybe but I have never wanted anyone more"

Her heart skipped a beat at hearing that. "Me too son and I am not sure what is going on. We will have to just deal with it later. But it is nothing to be ashamed of, Ron. I am right there with you" she reached over and grabbed his hand and squeezed it. He took her hand and kissed it.

"I love you, Mom."

"I love you too, son."

The ride to the party was uneventful. With Jackie riding in the back, Ron drove and his Mom grabbed his hand and held it for the ride. As they pulled up to the address, Ron was the first to speak.

"Holy crap, your boss lives here?"

The house was actually a mansion on the water. It was an old Victorian that appeared to be somewhere around 10,000 square feet with a gate and a massive driveway in the front. There was security at the front gate who checked them off and then directed them to the main entrance where valet attendants were taking the cars.

"This place is enormous," Ron said.

Jackie quickly chimed in, "Yeah and it has something like 8 bedrooms with a pool and tennis court."

In front of the house there was a large water fountain in the middle of a circular driveway. Large marble steps led up the main entrance to the house and there was a front courtyard. The entire place looked like something out of "Lifestyles of the Rich and Famous."

Ron passed off the keys and then caught up with the women who had walked ahead. Jackie and Jean both put their arms in his and joked about how he was the only one with two dates for the night. They were greeted at the door by a man who took their coats and then by a young lady passing out flutes of champagne, which they each took. There were people milling about everywhere, eating, drinking and talking as a string quartet and a piano could be heard playing from one of the rooms.

As they walked into the main foyer, Mr. and Mrs. Woods, the owners of the home greeted them.

"Well hello, Jean. Hello, Jackie, Happy New Year to you both," he said.

In unison, they responded, "Happy New Year to you both." and then they all laughed.

"Is this your son, Jean?"

"Yes it is Mr. Woods. This is my son, Ron."

"Ah a pleasure to meet you young man. I hear you are at the top of your class."

"Pleasure to meet you sir. Actually there a couple ahead of me but I will get them." This statement brought even more laughter.

"Well welcome. You ladies look lovely and Ron you look like a dashing young gentleman but stay away from my wife," he joked awkwardly.

They all laughed and then walked into the house and began mingling.

For the most part, the party was fairly boring for Ron, and his mother had warned him to be on his best behavior and that she may have to do some socializing of her own. Jackie was also doing the same thing so for the most part, Ron was stuck drinking beer and had most of his conversation with the wait staff as the attendees were of an average age that was even older than his Mom or Jackie.

After a couple of hours, he decided to wander around the upstairs of the house and look at some of the artwork and decorations for lack of anything better to do. He found a bathroom at the end of a hallway and stared at what was probably an expensive piece of art while he took a piss. He washed his hands when he was finished and when he stepped out, Jackie was standing there like she had to go.

"Hey Jackie."

"Hi there, what a nice surprise. Why don't you wait for me and then we can look at some of this stuff together, I am a little bored making small talk with some of these people and could use a break."

"Where is my Mom?"

"Oh she is downstairs chatting with the big guys. I figured I would come and check on you," she smiled and he noticed a little scent of alcohol on her as she went into the bathroom.

Ron waited and then Jackie emerged from the bathroom and took him by the arm, her enormous breasts pushing tightly against his arm. She seemed a little tipsy but not too bad. They walked around a corner and were now in a hallway that appeared to be empty. You could probably put a hundred people in this place he thought and no one would ever know they were all here.

"I wonder what is in this room?" she said.

"I don't know but the door is closed maybe we should not go in there."

"Pssh, he won't mind. Besides no one has to know." She said and opened the door and went in.

He walked in behind her and the weight of the door closed it. They were standing in what could best be described as a study of sorts, with one wall covered with books, a fireplace, and an antique couch and furniture with an oriental rug in the middle. There were various stuffed heads of animals and pictures of Mr. Woods on various expeditions around the world. On another wall, there were various antique firearms and weapons mounted. As they looked around the room, Jackie took a step and suddenly tripped, falling on to the couch.

"Are you ok?" Ron asked as he sat down next to her.

"Yeah I am fine, are you ok?" She said.

Geez she is a little drunk he thought.

"Let me catch my breath for a minute. Can you look and see if I lost an earring; it feels like I might have."

Ron leaned in and moved closer to see if her earrings were intact when she suddenly moved forward and grabbing him around the neck, pulled him in and kissed him on the lips.

"Jackie what are you doing?" he asked as he tried to pull away but she held on.

"What do you think I am doing? It's New Year's Eve and I want to celebrate a bit."

As they looked at each other, his eyes were drawn like a magnet to her ample cleavage and he could feel himself beginning to stir down there.

"Jackie, this is so wrong. You're my Mom's best friend and you're married!" Even as he said this, he still could not get himself free.

Jackie reached down and grabbed his now hardening cock.

"Mmm she does not need to know. And as for my husband, he hasn't fucked me in a long time. He can't even get it up half the time."

The feelings he had been trying to control all night ever since he had been denied earlier were catching up to him and he was thinking to himself what the hell, a stiff dick has no conscience they say. He felt like the proverbial guy with a devil on one shoulder and an angel on the other.

He leaned in and began kissing her as his hands immediately went for her giant tits. He had never seen anything like them before except in porn movies. As he held on to one, her hands dove for his crotch and she began to massage his cock through his pants. Their passion overwhelmed them as his hands began to roam from her tits to her legs as he ran his hands long the slit of her dress.

"That's more like it, Ron." She said with a slight slur, "You like my tits don't you?"

"Yeah I've never seen any like them."

"And for tonight, they are all yours as long as you fuck me good."

Wow her language is really foul, I know I should not be doing this as she is pretty drunk but damn I can't help myself here. Besides, who will ever know?

"What's the matter baby? Are you having trouble getting to them? Let me help you," she said and she stood up in front of him and holding on to his shoulders with one hand, unzipped the side of her gown and then pulled it down and stepped out of it, kicking her heels off in the process. Her black lace bra held back her huge tits as he looked at her standing there in her control top pantyhose holding back her stomach, and no shoes. Damn she looks hot. As she stood in front of him, she reached behind herself and shrugged off her bra, leaving the "girls" hanging free and loose, sagging almost to her stomach. The fullness of her breasts was emphasized by the giant areolas and huge nipples at the end of them and they seemed about as big as his mouth. He stood up and as they kissed, she pulled off his coat and slipped his suspender down his arms reaching in and undoing his pants and unzipping them. He kicked off his loafers and pants and pulled down his underwear and stood there still in his shirt and tie but naked below the waist except for his socks.

"Oh my God, that is the biggest thing I have ever seen." She exclaimed. They stood in front of the couch, kissing as he fondled her breasts, her hand on top of his cock, sliding it back and forth along the length of it. As she did so, he unclipped his bowtie and unbuttoned the top button of his shirt. He turned her and laid her down on the couch, one foot on and one leg dangling off.

"Oh let me suck that big cock for you Ronnie." Straddling her tits, he spread his legs and half squatted with one leg beside her on the couch and the other on the floor as she began sliding it in and out of her mouth. He kept looking and feeling her tits and decided what he wanted to do.

"Push them together; I want to fuck those big tits."

"Oooh I like it you naughty little boy. Fuck my tits for me, they need it."

As she pushed her tits together, he slid his cock in between them and watched as his cock would seem to disappear in them before appearing out the other side at her mouth. She leaned her head down and on the upstroke would flick the tip of his cock with her tongue. He was really enjoying this but what he needed was to get some pussy.

Getting up from the couch, he took her hand and helped her to the floor. As she got down on her back he leaned over her and kissed her, while fingering her through her pantyhose. The crotch of them was completely soaked as she was extremely turned on. Sliding down, he began licking her through the crotch.

"Oh yes, that's it, lick my pussy. Rip them open and fuck me."

Ron immediately grabbed the pantyhose by the seam and pulled, ripping them open to expose a gaping hole in them and provide unrestricted access to her hairy pussy. He licked her a few times and then got up on his knees.

"Get ready, Jackie, because I am going to fuck the shit out of you."

"Don't talk it about, do it. Fuck me, fuck me hard. You like that dirty talk don't you?"

Ron positioned his cock at the entrance to her pussy and thrust in all the way in one stroke, and she grunted as he rammed its entire length into her.

"Oh yes that's it, she cried.

Her pussy was surprisingly tight he thought for an older woman as he thrust in and out of her, Her tits moved wildly like they had a mind of their own as he fucked her as hard as he could. He ran his arms underneath her knees and picked them up so that her legs were draped across his upper arms, allowing him greater penetration.

It was not long before he could feel his balls beginning to contract and the feeling that he was going to cum soon.

"Shit, I am going to cum soon."

"It's ok baby, I know how it is for a young man."

"I want to cum all over your tits."

"Yes, even better, I want you to, and then you can fuck me again from behind."

There was no way he could hold back and the first spurt of his cum shot deep inside her. He quickly pulled out and as he started to stroke himself he shot again and again, his cum shooting over her shoulder and spilling a little on her face and hair. Having long been denied, he continued to stroke himself as she reached her hand down to continue to milk him dry. When he had finally finished, he let her legs down and felt a little dizzy as he tried to steady himself.

"Oh shit you got some in my hair damnit."

"Sorry, it is not much,"

"It's ok but damn look at how you covered me in hot cum you nasty boy. Holy shit that was a lot of cum."

"Well I guess I will have to clean it up." He started wiping it into her, and taking some and wiping it into the rug.

"Oh yeah, clean me up too," he said as he knelt over her mouth, and she grabbed it and licked off the last remnants of cum. With that, he laid down next to her on the carpet, cradling her head in the crook of his shoulder.

"So what now, Jackie?"

"We need to get dressed and get back to the party, Ron. But I want more for sure. We'll figure something out later. "

They both got dressed and then looked each other over to make sure there was no evidence of their tryst. Other than a wet spot on the carpet, the room looked ok. Luckily, her pantyhose were ripped in the crotch, and with the long gown, it would not be noticeable for the rest of the night. They stopped by the bathroom on their way back.

"Holy shit, Ron. I had to wipe that cum off my tits. It would have looked funny with a light crust on them."

He laughed, "Well we need to keep this between us."

"No shit. Your mother would kill me followed shortly by my husband. But I have to tell you, I am not ashamed of what we did."

"Well, I hope it won't change your relationship with my Mom and as for me, I don't want you to feel differently either."

Don't worry, hon, I think this is the start of something good," she smiled and grabbed his ass.

"Ron, go ahead and I will come out in a minute or two. I don't want people to connect the dots or start talking."

"Ok."

Ron's head was spinning with what had just happened. Here he thought he was going to be bored out of his mind and in the space of a few hours he damn near fucked his Mom and then out of nowhere got laid by her best friend! He wandered into where the crowd was and his mind was off in another place when he felt a hand pinch his ass.

"Hey...oh, hi Mom."

"Hi sweetie, how are you doing? Holding up ok?"

"Yeah I have been getting by ok. I have not seen you much since I got here."

Leaning into him, he could smell a strong smell of alcohol on her breath, "I have been dodging some grabby hands here and schmoozing," she said, the schmoozing kind of trailing on a bit. "What I really want is to get you home." As she said this, she looked up at him and instinctively straightened out his tie.

They sat down at a couple of chairs in the giant solarium and had a drink as Jackie joined them a few minutes later, holding a flute of champagne.

"HI Jackie," Jean said. "Having a good time?"

"It's been intresssting," she said and winked at Ron.

"Oh God, Jackie, are you drunk?"

"No not at all. Just feeling Happy New Year."

"Of course you are," Jean said, and then whispering to Ron, "Go get the car hon, and take her with you. I'll go tell Mr. Woods that we are her ride and she is not feeling well and we are going to go home."

"Ok, Mom, come on Jackie, come with me, the party is over."

He put out his arm for her to hold on to, and she pulled him in tight and held on as she swayed a bit while she was walking. He handed the valet the receipt for the car and when it came around, he put her in the front seat and closed the door just as his Mom showed up. As soon as Jackie was in the car, she put her head against the window and began sleeping.

The drive home was quiet as Ron looked over at a sleeping Jackie. Looking in the rearview mirror, he could see his Mom's head bobbing a little, but she was licking her lips and smiling and winking at him. When they got to the house, they both got out.

"Shoot, Mom what do we do with her?"

"Well the couch pulls out into a bed. I will go ahead and get it set up while you drag her in."

"Gee thanks."

He opened the car door gently and Jackie barely stirred as he tried to wake her up. Finally, he gave up and bent down and picked her up, shoving the car door shut with his foot as he carried her into the house. Jean had already folded out the couch and was making the bed with a blanket and putting some pillows down when she looked up and saw him carrying her.

"Ok hon, set her down on the bed but you are going to have to look away while I undress her."

Gently, Ron laid her on her back and his Mom unzipped the side of her gown and struggled to pull it off. Ron was looking away and then heard his Mom mutter something under her breath.

"What's wrong, Mom?"

"Her hose are all ripped up. What the hell did she do? She must have fallen down or gotten them caught in something." Jean quickly pulled up the covers over top of Jackie, leaving her in her bra and ripped pantyhose. She ran to her bedroom and then came back with a sweatshirt and a pair of Ron's sweats so she would have something to put on in the morning.

"Will she be ok?"

"Yeah, a little hungover I am sure but not too bad."

"Well I guess we should go upstairs."

"Ok, Mom" Walking up the stairs behind her, he could not keep his eyes from looking up her skirt.

"Like the view back there baby?"

"Sorry Mom I couldn't help myself but with her here maybe .."

"Don't worry, she won't hear a thing. Follow me." With that, she held out her hand behind her and led Ron to her bedroom where she closed and locked the door.

Ron immediately shrugged off his jacket and undid his tie as Jean moved into him and ripped open the buttons on his shirt, the metal buttons flying everywhere. Jean started to unzip her dress but Ron stopped her and smiled.

"I want to undress you, but not yet."

The way that he said it sent a chill through her as he continued to shed his clothes, stripping down to his underwear only. His black briefs were completely stretched out by his hard cock. He pulled her to him and began kissing her, their tongues dancing together, their lust on the cusp of being consummated.

"Oh God, "she said, "This is all I could think of."

"Me too. Especially being left hanging there earlier."

"I know, you poor dear. But I will make it up to you baby. I want you to have me anyway you want me and as much as you want me."

He backed her up and gently sat her on the bed, her face mere inches from his crotch.

"Pull them off me," he said.

Obeying, she pulled down his black briefs and his cock sprung instantly out in front of him. Without any further encouragement, she began licking it and taking in the musky scent of his manhood as she licked swirls around the underside of the head. Ron took his hands and put them on the sides of his mother's head as he forced his cock into her mouth for the first time, the thought of his mother sucking his cock making him even more desirous of her. She reached behind and grabbed his ass holding him as his cock went in and out of her mouth.

"Oh God, Mom this feels awesome."

Pulling his cock out of her mouth, she replied, "Call me Jean while we do this,hon."

Taking him back into her mouth, she continued to suck him, one hand on him, the other on his balls. Looking down, he loved the way that he could see down her dress and how her cheeks would hollow out as she took him in. Damn, she is really good he thought.

"I'm going to cum soon."

"It's ok, go ahead and cum in my mouth."

Nice, he thought. I have never had a girl swallow my cum before.

Hearing his mother say that put him over the edge, and he could feel himself beginning to ejaculate. As he looked down, he saw that she was slowing her pace to try to swallow him. He grunted as the first salvo of cum shot into her mouth. His cock continued to pump her mouth full of cum and she started to gag a little as the flow of semen was more than she anticipated. His mother could not keep up with it and she opened her mouth and coughed, as a white trail of his cum flowed out of her mouth like a stream. She continued to take him in her mouth, with most of it trailing down her chin and flowing onto her dress and lap. Out of breath, she pulled it out of her mouth and looked down, noticing that she had cum stains all over her dress.



"Holy shit that was incredible, I never had a woman swallow me before."

"You still haven't," she said, "I really wanted to but it was just too much and now I have a ruined dress."

"Sorry, M uh Jean."

"It's ok, gives me an excuse to get it off. "

She stood up and turned around so that he could unzip it, when he did, the dress fell to the floor and she went ahead and undid her bra and let that fall as well. Kicking off her shoes, she turned around to face him, dressed only in her black suspender hose. He could not believe how incredibly beautiful she was. Her breasts were firm with huge nipples sticking out like giant pencil erasers. Her gold necklace hung down in between them which only accentuated their firmness. She had a tight stomach and actually, he thought, she has a better body than girls my age.

"You are so fucking hot to look at like that."

"MMM I'm glad you like it." She leaned up to kiss him, with cum still on her lips. He kissed her and tasted his own cum for the first time, thinking to himself this was a night of them.

"Happy New Year, Jean"

"Happy New Year to you too, but you aren't done yet," she said as she got down on the bed.

"What do you want me to do?"

"Go down and eat me. I want you to eat me until you get hard again and then we are going to fuck!"

Thinking he had never heard her talk like this before, he did as she asked and realized she must be drunk for sure. He immediately dove for her pussy and began licking the entrance. He noticed that she was extremely wet as streaks of her juices were trailing down her thighs. With one hand he began pinching and tweaking her nipples as she stuck a finger in her pussy, concentrating on her clit, licking back and forth between her clit and the lips of her pussy. He took one hand from her pussy and began rubbing along the insides of her nylon covered thighs, gently rubbing back and forth as he continued to pinch her nipples. Hs tongue parted the entrance to her pussy and he stuck his face into her, his nose tickling her clit.

"Oh yes, Oh God that's it! Oh God that is oh God." She cried.

As he continued to lick her she began to shake and quiver as her orgasm began to overtake her. She wrapped her legs around his head and shoved his head deeper into her, pushing him in almost smothering him as she shook. After a minute, she eased up and let her legs fall to the side, and pulled his head off of her as she had become sensitive.

As he looked down at the contented look on his mother's face, it dawned on him that he had just eaten his mother's pussy and given her an orgasm! Oh man this is wild. His face was covered with her juices and all he could smell was the scent of her pussy on himself. He wiped his face and then lay down next to her and kissed her. As they kissed, lying side by side, he began rubbing her tits while she stroked on his semi-erect cock. As they made out, he began to think about how her tits were so different from Jackie's and the thought of those huge mounds began to stir him.

"That was nice, Ron. What are you thinking about, you seem far away."

"Just thinking about how beautiful you are and how this is such a great thing, I don't want it to end."

"It is not over yet," she whispered as she gently bit on his earlobe and blew softly into his ear.

"Jean, I love the stockings. They really turn me on."

"Ha ha," she said, "I figured as much. You have been using my nylons to jerk off for a long time."

"You knew?"

"Of course I did hon. I had to practically peel them apart sometimes. I never said anything because I figured it was something that all boys did. It's nothing to be ashamed of."

"Wow, and here I thought I had been getting away with it."

"Just remember, your mother knows everything."

Oh shit, I wonder if that is true and she figured out that I fucked Jackie earlier? Man that would suck if she ever found out.

Licking her hand, she wrapped it around his now blood engorged cock, stroking it to its full length as they continued to kiss, and he bent down and began sucking on her nipples. This is so wrong, what we are doing, she thought. Yet, I have not had a man in so long, and really, what is wrong with this? We are both adults now, and who's business is it anyway?

Ron ran his hand down to his mother's pussy which was still just as wet as it had been before. Getting on top of her, he spread her legs open and looking down began to kiss her. As they kissed, she felt for his erection and pulled it into her. As the tip of his cock went inside her, they both stopped and looked at each other wordlessly, realizing they were both about to go across a line that can never be crossed back over.

He began slowly, working his way into her as she wrapped her arms around his neck. He leaned down and sucked on her large nipples as he began the rhythmic thrusting in and out. She lay spread eagled, on the bed, and let him take her, and she marveled at how strong he was and how good it felt to have his manhood inside her.

"Hold on, Ron, get on your back."

Shifting positions, he did as he was told and she climbed on top and lowered herself onto his cock which was sticking straight up. Once she had him in, she leaned into him.

"Suck on my tits while you fuck me," she commanded.

He leaned up and began sucking and licking on her breasts while she raised and lowered herself on his cock. His cock penetrated her deeply, and she loved the feeling as he grabbed her hips and began helping her up and down.

"This feels great, Jean."

"Yes that's it. Fuck me with that big fucking cock of yours. Make me your slut."

Whoa, he thought. This is blowing my mind. Where the hell did these older women get this shit from? Danielle never did anything like this, what a fucking turn-on.

As they continued to fuck, her movements came quicker and he could once again feel the rush flowing through his balls. Shit, not yet, I need to hold off, he thought. Grabbing her hips, he rolled her over until he was back on top again and continued to thrust into her, his cock never leaving her pussy.

"I want to fuck you doggie style."

"Do it, take me from behind."

She rolled over instantly onto all fours, and grabbing her hips, he thrust himself inside her all the way. He loved the way she looked from behind, and he thought once again of what a great ass she had. Nice and tight.

"Can you feel that baby?" he said.

"Oh yes, oh yes fuck me hard show me what a man you are you are fucking stud."

He picked up the pace and was pulling almost all the way out before thrusting himself in as deep as he could go, and soon she was moaning so loud, he was afraid she would wake up Jackie who was sleeping downstairs. As he fucked her, she reached between her legs and played with her clit, trying to hold herself up on one hand while her face was buried in the pillow. They kept up the hard pace for a couple of minutes when finally, he could hold back no longer and began cumming, shooting his seed deep within her pussy. They kept stroking while he finished shooting and she leaned back into him.

"Don't pull out yet. Leave it in there; I want to feel it inside me as it gets soft."

He leaned forward and kissed her until his soft cock popped gently out of her pussy.

"Wow that was great honey, you make love really good," she said.

"Thanks, Mom," forgetting himself. "You are the best I have ever been with."

She smiled and then they pulled back the covers and as they fell asleep, all Jean could think about was where do they go from here. 



New Year's Eve Ch. 02
bynevets13©

Thanks to everyone for the kind words on the first part of this story, I hope you like where I am taking it.

*

Jackie woke up and realized two things: that she was not at home and she had a bit of a hangover. Sitting up on the couch, she held her head in her hands as she realized that she was on the couch at her friend Jean's house. Oh shit, she thought, I fucked her son at the party last night! I wonder if any of that came out. She pulled the blanket off and looked down at her ripped pantyhose and hoped that Jean did not put two and two together. Struggling to put her gown and heels back on, she folded the blanket and put it on the pillow, then found her purse and keys and left the house, figuring that she needed to get home, get some sleep and figure things out.

Upstairs, Ron was starting to come around, and in that state between being awake and asleep. He was half dreaming that his girlfriend was blowing him when he opened his eyes and looked down to see a red headed woman sucking on his cock. That woman was his mother, whom he had sex with the night before. I guess it did happen, he thought idly as he heard a car start up and pull off outside.

His mom looked up and saw him staring down at her. She pulled her mouth off of him and smiled, continuing to stroke him.

"Good morning, baby."

"Good morning, Mom."

"Remember, when we are like this it is Jean. How do you like being woken up to having someone giving you head?"

"Mmm, I love it."

"Good. I heard the car so I think Jackie left. That leaves us all alone," she said as she went back to working on his cock.

As he looked down, he could see her working feverishly on taking his dick into her mouth, and he loved to see her cheeks hollow as it went in and out of her mouth. Gently grabbing the sides of her head, he began fucking her mouth, establishing a rhythm. Soon, he was shooting off and she backed off a bit, expertly catching all of his cum in her mouth he continued to shoot wave after wave of hot cum in it. When he finished cumming, she kept it in her mouth as she struggled to get it all down her throat and she took it out of her mouth and licked it clean. Moving up to him, she placed her head on his chest and kissed him.

"That was fantastic!"

"I'm glad you liked it. I wanted to show you that I could actually swallow it all."

The kissed lightly and held each other for a few minutes.

"I guess I will call Jackie later and see how she is doing."

"That's probably a good idea," Ron said. "So where do we go from here, Mom?"

"That is a good question, son. I guess I should feel guilty about what we have done but I really don 't. How are you with this?" she asked.

"I am ok with it. I mean it is a bit different and I'm sure a lot of people wouldn't understand it, but this is one of those things that people wouldn't talk about so who knows?"

"Exactly, son. I am sure we are not the only ones who have ever done this. Besides, we're both adults and I don't think it is anyone's business."

"Cool," he said, "And you are the hottest woman I have ever been with." Laughing, she replied," Thanks, and you are the hottest guy I have been with and have the biggest dick too."

As she said that, she moved up to straddle his shoulders.

"What are you doing?" he asked.

"Well now that we got that straight, I am going to sit on your face and you're going to eat me out."

Later that afternoon, the phone rang and Jean answered it.

"Hi Jean."

"Hi Jackie. How are you feeling, hon?"

"Pretty good thanks. Sorry I just left but I wanted to get home and get to my own bed."

"I can understand that," said Jean. "You had a helluva time last night."

"Tell me about it. I vaguely remember leaving the party and then I woke up on your couch and my pantyhose were ripped, I have no idea how I did that."

Jean laughed," No problem, no one knew you were drunk and I got you out of there before anything happened."

Well, not exactly, Jackie thought. Good, it sounds like she has no idea what I and Ron did.

"Thanks for that, so what are you up to today?"

"Just hanging out. His highness is sleeping upstairs."

"Oh ok, well my husband should be home sometime today. Anyway, Happy New Year and thanks again."

"You're welcome sweetie. Happy New Year to you too, bye."

A few days later, Ron came home to find Jackie's car in the driveway next to his Mom's. Oh crap, this ought to be interesting, he thought. He had not had any contact with Jackie since New Year's Eve and he was a bit nervous walking in the door.

"Well hey, look who it is," said Jackie.

"Hi Jackie, Hi Mom."

Jackie and Jean were sitting on the couch, both clutching glasses of wine. Jean was sitting on the couch with her legs up underneath her, wearing a red skirt, sheer hose, and a white blouse. Jackie was wearing a white blouse, black skirt, and black hose with diamond patterns on them, with her legs also underneath her. He walked over and gave his Mom a kiss and then leaned over and gave Jackie a kiss on the cheek also.

"So what have you been up to today, son?"

"Not much. I went to the store and picked up a few things for the computer."

"I see, any plans for the night?" she asked and winked at him.

"Yeah, me and a few of the guys are going to head over to Kelly's Pub and probably have a few beers and watch the game. As a matter of fact, I am just going to throw this stuff in my room and head out. We'll have something to eat there."

"Ok, hon."

The two women watched him walk out the door and then resumed their conversation.

"Jean he really is a handsome young man isn't he?" Jackie said.

"Yes he really is and a he turned out to be a really nice guy too, thank goodness."

"Yes he is, too bad I am not 20 years younger, I would be all over him."

"Hey hey, that is my son you're talking about there," and they both laughed.

"So, Jean, tell me about your love life."

Well, Jean thought, I can't really talk about that because I am fucking my own son.

"It is pretty dead to be honest, Jackie. I really miss my husband. I'm just not ready.." and her voice trailed off a bit as tears welled up in her eyes.

Jackie set her glass of wine down and moved over and hugged her friend in her arms.

"It's ok, sweetie. I'm sure it hasn't been easy." Jackie said as she held Jean's head against her chest, gently rubbing her head and kissing the top of it.

They sat like that for a few minutes, holding each other and saying nothing, Jean sobbed softly as Jackie continued to hold and soothe her, whispering softly into her hear that everything was ok.

"Thank you so much for being such a good friend, Jackie."

"We've been friends for years, hon. I love you and will always be here for you."

Jean looked up into Jackie's eyes and smiled, and they both looked at each other. She leaned up to kiss her and Jackie closed her eyes and kissed her back, gently on the lips.

"I just wanted to thank you for all you've done."

"Again, hon, not a problem," Jackie said and she kissed Jean back on the lips. With their lips just inches apart, they both held each other and looked in each other's eyes. They moved back together again and pecked each other a few times tentatively on the lips before their lips parted and they began to kiss a little more deeply. Both women's hearts were racing as they did this, and neither one wanted to ruin the moment by speaking.

Sitting up a bit, Jean continued to kiss Jackie, their tongues intertwined together as Jackie's hands slowly moved to Jean's chest and began lightly rubbing her breasts. With her right hand around Jackie's neck, she slid her left hand onto her large chest and also began rubbing her chest as well.

As they continued to do this, they broke their embrace briefly and looked at each other.

"MMm this feels so good," Jean said.

"Yes it does," Jackie responded and went back to kissing her.

They continued to rub each other and kissing, neither one of them sure what to do next.

"This is the first time I have ever kissed another woman but I'm glad it's you," Jean said.

"Me too, hon."

As they kissed, they continued to rub each other's breasts. Slowly, they each unbuttoned the other's blouse and slipped their hands inside, rubbing each other's tits through their bras, both feeling another woman's tits for the first time.

"Here let me help you a bit," Jackie said as she shrugged off her blouse and Jean did the same. They continued to feel each other and Jean loved how she was touched, as she eagerly rubbed her friend's enormous chest. Oh God, Jean thought, I love how she touches me. As they continued to make out, Jean slipped her hand behind Jackie and undid the hooks of her bra to and Jackie pulled it off.

"Usually that takes a guy about half an hour to do that," Jackie said as Jean leaned in and began to lick her nipples. Oh my God, I wished I had boobs like this, she thought as she licked and caressed them tenderly, gently biting on the nipple. Jackie threw her head back and allowed Jean to move in and lick them, reaching down to feel Jean's breasts as well.

"Lay back," Jean said and as Jackie did so, Jean reached behind herself and pulled off her bra. As she moved on top of Jackie, Jackie reached up and began rubbing her boobs, noting how her nipples stood straight out. She reached up and began rolling them around in her thumb and index finger, and Jean's head went back momentarily as she put both of her hands on Jackie's.

Jean leaned in now and began to rub her breasts against Jackie's, and both women were squirming against each other. Desiring more, Jean stood up for a moment and pulled off her skirt, standing in front of Jackie in her sheer pantyhose. Jackie unzipped her skirt and lifted her legs, as Jean pulled it off her, also laying there in just her pantyhose.

Jean lay back down on top and they kissed as both women rubbed their hands on each other, their hands roaming to each other's pussies, rubbing them through the nylon fabric. They both began to moan with each touch and they lay next to each other, side by side.

"This feels so good, Jean, I love how you touch me," Jackie said.

"I love it too."

As they continued to kiss, Jean went down and began to lick Jackie's nylon covered thighs, licking her way to her pussy as she reached up to play with her breasts. Jackie's head started rolling around at her touch, and Jean rolled down her pantyhose to expose her pussy. She looked up at Jackie, and her look was one of anticipation and nervousness at the same time, neither one having been at this point before. Oh well, Jean thought, fuck it, I'll do it.

With that, she poked her tongue in her pussy and began licking it in long steady licks, like she was eating a lollipop. Jackie's thighs began to quiver at the touch of Jean's tongue on her, and she grabbed one of her breasts and pulled it up to her own mouth, licking the nipple and gasping for air. Jean then began to stick first one finger and then two into her pussy which sent Jackie over the edge and her body began to convulse in orgasm after orgasm.

They lay together for a moment, kissing gently and Jackie silently whispered that it was her turn to return the favor. As Jean moved to lie on her back, Jackie moved forward and they paused in a sitting position, both women kissing each other. Jackie pushed Jean gently back and began sucking on her breasts, first one, and then the other. She took her hands and rubbed between her thighs, and slipped one up to her pussy, which was soaking her pantyhose. She grabbed the waistband and pulled her pantyhose off and then went back down and began eating pussy for the first time in her life. Getting an idea, she took one of her large breasts and began rubbing it along Jean's clit and pussy.

"Ooo that feels really good, Jackie. I love how you do that."

After doing that for a few moments, she dove in to Jean's pussy and stuck her tongue as deep in as she could go, while rubbing her nose along her clit. Reacting to the sense of pleasure, Jean put her hands on Jackie's head and pushed hard and her climax began as her body quivered and her juices flooded all over Jackie's face. Once she had finished cumming, Jackie lay down next to Jean and they rubbed each other all over and kissed each other gently.

"Well, that was really nice, Jackie."

"Shit yeah!" Jackie exclaimed and they both giggled.

"I've always been curious what it would be like to be with another woman."

"Me too and I've got to say I wasn't disappointed, but it had to be the right woman," Jackie said.

"Yeah I think you're right."

"Besides, I'm kind of in the same boat. My husband hasn't touched me in a long time and he's really lost interest. He travels all the time and when he's home he always claims he's tired."

"Well, looks like that isn't a problem now is it?" Jean said.

"No, not at all," she paused, "Gee I wonder what Ron would think of this?" As Jackie said this, her heart skipped a beat at the possibility of sleeping with both of them.

"Oh my, I hadn't thought of that," Jean said, "But people his age probably wouldn't give it a second thought." God help me, I really enjoyed that, and the only thing better would have been my son's stiff dick!

"Probably a fantasy of his anyway like all guys," Jackie said as she rolled her eyes and again they laughed. Still, I would like to see him again and we haven't really talked about what happened...

The next day, Ron was awakened by the sound of the phone ringing.

"Hello?"

"Hi sweetie, it's Jackie."

"Oh hi Jackie."

"How are you hon?"

"Uh, I'm ok, how are you?"

"Good, hey I didn't wake you up did I? I waited until 10 to call you."

"No, not a problem, I usually get up about now anyway."

I bet you do, Jackie thought.

"I'm off today and was doing some things and I am having problems with my computer. I was wondering if you could come by and give me a hand." And of course, you could let me have that hard drive.

"Um, ok, I could do that." "That would be great; Ron and it would also give us a chance to talk a little too."

"Uh yeah, sure, I'll be there in about an hour," he said and hung up. Damn, I was hoping to kind of avoid this until I left to go back to school but I might as well get it over with, he thought.

After hanging up the phone, Jackie looked at herself in the mirror and thought about what she was going to wear. Screw it, she thought, I am going to make it damn near impossible for him to say no. She took out a red satin bra, and a read sheer blouse. Digging into her lingerie drawer, she pulled out a red garter belt with black seamed stockings and red heels and a black skirt with a high slit. After putting it all on she looked in the mirror and decided that this was a little smuttier than she wanted but it would do.

About an hour later, Ron pulled up to Jackie's house, a three bedroom, two story colonial in a nice little neighborhood. He wondered whether there were any neighbors home and what they would think if they saw him. He looked down at himself and figured this looks ok, I guess, having put on a pair of jeans, a polo shirt, and sneakers. On the off chance that he might actually get lucky, he decided to go commando and not wear any underwear.

He rang the doorbell and when the door opened, he could immediately feel his cock beginning to stir.

"Come on in, Ron," Jackie said, smiling broadly.

"Thanks, Jackie. Nice to see you."

"Do you want a cup of coffee?"

"Yeah that would be great, thanks."

"Just hang your coat up there and let me get your coffee and then we will go into the den and you can work on my computer for me."

She came back a minute later with a cup of coffee and then motioned for him to follow her to their den which was upstairs in one of the spare bedrooms. There was a roll top desk with a computer, monitor, and printer on it on one side with a TV hanging on the wall, and a couch on the opposite side with a lamp and small coffee table with a recliner off to one side.

"So what is the problem with it?"

"It keeps slowing down when I launch certain sites like this one."

"Ah, ok, not a big deal, we just need to update a few things here. I can have this fixed pretty quickly," he said as he concentrated on downloading some things.

She leaned over him, pretending to pay attention, and made sure that her chest was resting on his shoulder.

"You know, Ron, we never talked about what happened on New Year's Eve."

Ron could feel the weight of her chest on his shoulders as he sat in the chair. He was not sure what to say.

"Yeah I know and I feel bad about that. I am sorry that.."

"You have nothing to be sorry about sweetie," she said and kissed him on the neck. "As I recall, I came on to you and besides, we did not do anything wrong."

"Yeah but you are married. And, I have a girlfriend," he said, thinking more about his mother than his own girlfriend.

"Listen to me, Ron. My husband and I haven't done anything in a long time and we are married more for convenience at this point than anything else. It's fine. Besides, I am not looking to replace your girlfriend; it's more like a friend with benefits. So, are we ok?"

"Cool," he said. He turned back to the monitor. "But, I have to ask you a question?"

"Yes?"

"Did you enjoy it?" he asked.

Without saying a word, she began to massage his shoulders and licked his ear. As she did this, he felt his cock instantly stiffen in his pants.

"What do you think?" she said.

Not sure what to do next, he sat there, continuing to pretend to work but taking his hands off the keyboard. She continued to massage his shoulders, leaning heavily into him, pressing her massive 44DDst into him. She licked and blew gently into his ear and she looked down to see that there was quite a bulge formed in his pants. He spun the chair around, which had no arms, and she sat down in his lap, facing him.

"Oops, look like I did it again," she said smiling.

He pulled her to him, with her chest pressing against him, and he kissed her hard on the lips, surprising her. Their lips parted and their tongues began to wrestle as he quickly moved his hands to her chest, cupping her huge chest. Her long hair fell around them and the tops of her stockings were visible as she straddled him in the chair. He began struggling to unbutton her blouse to free her breasts and she quickly reached down and unbuttoned it as he reached his hands inside and began feeling them through the fabric of her satin bra, and he began licking her cleavage.

"I fucking love your tits," Ron said as he continued to massage them.

"They love you too hon, they're all yours."

As they continued to make out, Jackie was unbuttoning his shirt and rubbing his chest. Ron slid his hands back down to her thighs and was rubbing her stocking covered legs back and forth and his erection was straining at his pants.

"Mmm baby you are going to rub a hole in those things you keep rubbing like that. My little Ron has a fetish I think, doesn't he?" she said.

"I do like them a lot. Girls my age don't wear them anymore."

"Sweetie, I would wear them for you any time you wanted." With that, she got off his lap and backed up to the couch and shrugged off her blouse and skirt leaving her standing there in her heels, bra and stockings with garter belt. Ron immediately tore off his shirt, kicked off his sneakers, and undid his belt and walked over to her and grabbing her ass, pulled her to him as she reached down to unzip his pants.

"Oh my, someone is not wearing any underwear. You were hoping to come over here and fuck me weren't you?" she said. "I was hoping you would and I saved you some trouble by not having pantyhose on."

His face reddened for a second.

"It's ok, hon; I wanted you to fuck me with this big fucking dick."

He pushed her back so that she was sitting on the edge of the couch, with his cock in her face.



"I want you to suck my cock."

"Oh you do?" she said and she sat there, stroking it and rubbing it on her face and leaning forward to rub it on her tits, but not taking it into her mouth. With one hand she stroked him as she fondled his balls with the other.

Ron looked down and saw her enormous tits being held back, and the site of her in stockings stroking his cock was a huge turn-on for him. Teasing him, she continued to take his cock and run it across her face, licking it from time to time as he stood there watching her. Jackie realized that she had him off guard a bit so she decided to play with him.

"What's the matter, Ron? What do you want me to do? Your big cock is hard what do you want to do with it?"

"I want you to suck it."

"Mmm it is nice to suck on but you have to tell me baby not ask me."

"Suck it, Jackie."

"Mmm maybe," she said and licked it.

Ron was at the point where he could not take it anymore and he pushed her back against the back of the couch, and jumped up straddling her standing over her. Without a word, he grabbed her head and rubbed his cock in her face.

"Suck it for me."

"Ooh now you're talking," Jackie said, and she eagerly swallowed his cock into her mouth, taking her hands and grabbing his ass to pull it closer, and make his cock go deeper. He leaned over a bit to put his hands on his shoulders to steady himself as he thrust his cock in and out of her mouth, to the point where she gagged a bit a few times but he was amazed that she could actually deep throat him all the way in.

"Oh God, I love how you suck my cock."

"Mmm," she said, "Last time as I recall I did not get a chance to really do this."

As he stood above her, she continued to take him in and out of her mouth. Pulling his cock out, she licked the underside of his balls, and gently poked a finger to probe around his ass. The sensation was pleasing but different and he was surprised as he felt what appeared to be a surge of blood to his cock and it got stiffer than he could ever remember.

After a few moments of her working on his cock and balls, he stepped down and had her lay down on the couch. After kissing her, he dropped down and began licking her ankles, and licking all the way up the inside of her leg, stopping when he got to the top of her stockings, and then starting on the other leg, licking up from her ankles again.

"Oh yes, do it," she said.

He repeated this one more time and then licked his way to her pussy where he tasted her juices flowing as he licked the entrance. After a few minutes, he moved up and began sucking on her massive tits while he finger fucked her, eventually working three fingers inside her as he sucked. This drove Jackie wild as she grabbed his head, and her body began to shake and she started screaming with delight as she climaxed.

Looking down at her, Ron shoved his cock all the way in, and she grunted as his cock entered her.

"I'm going to fuck the shit out of you."

"Don't tell me, just fuck me. Make me your fucking cock slut."

Grabbing on to her tits, he began stroking in and out of her, holding on to them as he watched them seem to have a life of their own as they shook all over the place. Sliding his hands down, he pressed apart her legs by pressing down on the insides of her thighs, and her tits and stomach both jiggled.

"Oh shit, I'm going to fucking cum."

"Do it, Ron, shoot your hot load in me, baby."

His cock erupted as the first load of hot cum shot deep in her.

"Oh God, I can feel it!" she cried.

He continued to stroke hard as his wave after wave of his hot white seed shot into her and as he looked down, he noticed white foam coming out of her pussy as his semen and her juices mixed together and flowed out of her like a river.

After a minute, he stopped shooting and pulled out, and went down and began licking his own cum out of her pussy. This caused her to once again quiver and shake uncontrollably.

"Holy shit! Holy shit!" she exclaimed.

Once he had done that for a few moments, he moved up and kissed her deeply, their tongues dancing and exchanging their fluids together in their mouths.

"Damn, Ron, that was fucking great."

"Oh baby, I have never cum so hard in my life, you're fucking awesome. I'm going to fuck you a lot."

"Yes you will, baby," she said as she looked over at the tiny web cam located on the desk, which had recorded the whole scene ever since he had walked in.





New Year's Eve Ch. 03
bynevets13©

Ron's final semester had flown by and the next thing he knew he had graduated from college. The graduation had been a bit uncomfortable for him as Jackie had also insisted on coming with his mother and taking pictures with one on each arm was a little mind-blowing, especially since he had fucked both of them, and neither one knew about the other.

When he had returned from his winter break, things were not going well with his girlfriend and since he really decided that he did not need the drama, they parted ways. During the semester, both Jackie and Jean had come to visit him, but Jackie's visits had been a secret, since no one knew about them. Jean of course, had not told a soul that she was going to visit Ron to sleep with him. Typically, they would show up on Friday night and rent a hotel room nearby, and then he would spend the weekend basically fucking his brains out. It was actually a pretty good arrangement being away from home as he was getting away with it but he knew at some point things were going to come to a head as it were.

Jackie had figured that she needed to get into better shape and had lost about 30 pounds and was looking really hot now, and though her boobs had gotten a little smaller, they were still huge. And, his Mom continued to be the hottest mother on the planet. She enjoyed coming to visit and usually dressed to show off, causing his roommates to wish they would get adopted. All in all, Ron had come to the conclusion that older women were generally hornier than younger women.

What Ron didn't know was that Jackie and Jean had also been carrying on a torrid affair of their own while he was gone. It had just happened the first time, but they both were lonely and they quickly realized that it filled a void for them. Jackie had finally left her husband and they were in the process of a divorce, so she had accepted Jean's invitation to move in while they settled everything. They had a finished basement with a full bath so Jackie moved in there and turned it into a mini-apartment. While neither Jackie nor Jean had any intention of becoming too serious, they were enjoying their woman on woman relationship.

After graduation, he had spent a few days getting things together and partying with his friends before heading back home. ON the drive home, he was trying to figure out the logistics of how everything was going to work, and wondering how the hell he was going to get out of the predicament he was in.

Jackie and Jean had also had conversations about what they were going to do when Ron returned. Most nights, they had slept together in the same bed, and they had decided to keep it from him as long as they could.

It was about five o'clock in the afternoon when he pulled up to his house. Both cars were in the driveway so that meant that both Jackie and Jean were home. He had been vague about when he was getting home so he figured he would surprise them. He looked in the window to see what they were doing before he walked in and got the shock of his life.

On the chair opposite the couch, his mother was laying back, naked, her legs draped over the arms, holding the head of a large breasted brunette who had her head buried in her pussy. Holy shit, Jackie and my Mom are getting it on, he thought. As he watched, Jackie was moving her head around in Jean's lap, as Jean ran her fingers through her hair, her head back and eyes closed, totally into what was going on. He could feel his own cock stirring in his pants at the sight in front of him.

After a few minutes, they both slid to the floor and out of his view, and he could no longer see what was going on. Ron's mind raced as to what he should do next. He figured if he tried to sneak in and watch, that might be worse than announcing his presence and acting like he did not see anything.

Quickly, he made his way to the garage, and opened the door, and then loudly started dumping boxes in there, purposely dropping a few things so that he knew they could hear him. After doing that for about five minutes, he grabbed his bags out of the car and then entered through the garage. When he walked in, he found his Mom sitting on the couch, with the TV on, wearing a short brown dress, sheer pantyhose with no shoes and her hair looking a bit mussed. Her face was a bit flushed as she jumped up to greet him and she gave him a peck on the cheek and a big motherly hug.

"Hi Mr. College Graduate, welcome home."

"Thanks, Mom, good to be home."

"Are you ok, son, I heard all kinds of rattling around," Jean said.

"Yeah, just tripped but I got everything out of the car for now. Where's Jackie?"

"I'm right here," a voice yelled from the kitchen as Jackie stepped out, wearing a blue dress, hose and no shoes. "Do I get a hug too?" she asked.

Ron went over and got the same innocent hug and kiss and then he stepped back.

"So what are you guys up to? "He asked innocently.

"Nothing," they both said in unison and then laughed.

"Well, I am going to drag my stuff into my room and start unpacking." With that, he grabbed his stuff and went upstairs to his room. As soon as he was out of earshot, the two women turned to each other.

"Shit, that was close," Jackie said.

"No kidding," Jean said

"So what happens now," asked Jackie.

"I don't know but we will have to be cool. By the way, I love the way you lick me," Jean said and she gave Jackie a quick kiss and a squeeze of her ass, and then they sat down to finish their wine.

Ron dragged his bags into his room and then sat down on the bed. Holy crap the two of them were having some heavy lesbian action there. I wonder how long that has been going on, he thought. That was hot as hell! He began wondering if maybe this might not be a very interesting summer after all.

About an hour later, he heard his Mom calling him for dinner, so he changed into a pair of running shorts and a t shirt and came downstairs. They had set the table and had made some spaghetti and meatballs.

"Nice of you to dress up for dinner," his mom said.

"Yeah I figured it might be formal."

"So what are you going to do for the summer?" Jean asked her son.

"Well, I'm still waiting to hear about law school so for now I am going to work at the Country Club. IT's pretty good money, especially with the tips."

"And you get to be outside, not too bad," said Jackie.

They ate and talked and as he sat there, he felt a stocking covered foot going up and down his leg. Oh my God, my Mother is flirting with me at the table, he thought and he immediately looked for a reaction from Jackie but she was not aware of what was going on under the table. And of course, now his cock was rock hard which would show up for sure given what he was wearing.

"So how has it been with rooming together?" Sean asked.

For a moment, neither one said anything and they looked at each other and smiled. "It's been fun," Jackie said.

"Yes, I have to say it has been nice having someone around, like a sister," Jean said.

"That's good," Ron said. His mother was still running her foot up and down his leg which was really causing him to feel uncomfortable.

They finished dinner and as he got up to clear his plate, he could feel two sets of eyes glued to his crotch. He quickly turned around and dropped his stuff in the sink followed by the two women. He grabbed a beer and after thanking them for dinner, went off to his room to unpack and set up his computer.

Once he got his computer set up, he sat down and checked his email and then played some games on Facebook, the whole time, his raging hard on was distracting him. He reached inside his shorts and casually stroked it a bit. Man, he thought, I want to fuck both of them but how the hell is that going to work? And what is the reaction going to be if they each find out about the other? Jackie would probably freak knowing that he was doing his mother. And, I imagine Mom would not be thrilled about her son fucking her best friend, he thought.

Ron was not quite sure what to think. He loved both women but he knew that there was probably not going to be any kind of long term thing with either. As a matter of fact, he had been surprised that Jackie had kept it up to the point that she came to visit him at school. He had also figured that his mother would have found someone to date by now but then again, judging by what he saw when he came home, maybe she did. His mind snapped back when he heard a knock at the door.

"Come on in," he said, stuffing his erection back in his shorts.

"HI honey," his mom said, "what are you doing?"

He took a look at her as she had on a short rather flimsy blue nightie that was short enough to reveal matching panties.

"Just getting things arranged in here. What time is it?"

"It's 10:30, I was just coming by to say goodnight. It's good to have you home, son."

"Thanks, Mom, it is good to be home, I missed you."

Jean walked over and straddled his lap in the chair, reaching down and rubbing his crotch.

"I can tell you missed me, baby, can I help you with that? It looks uncomfortable."

He leaned in and kissed her eagerly as she popped his cock out of his shorts.

"Oh yes, I have wanted this since you got in and I could tell at dinner you wanted me too," she said as she stroked his rock hard cock. "Wow you're really hard tonight."

Reaching down to feel her pussy, he replied, "Yes and you're really wet. I think someone needs a good stiff cock in her pussy."

Reaching down, she pulled her panties aside and grabbed his manhood and put him in her.

"I do baby, I need to be fucked bad. Show me how much you want to fuck me you stud."

Ron grabbed her hips and impaled her on the full length of his cock, causing his mother to grunt as he entered her.

"How does it feel to have your son's big cock in your tight pussy?"

"OOh yes, it feels great. I love fucking my son."

He reached up and lifted her nightie off of her and threw it to the floor and then leaned in and started sucking on her tits as she moved up and down, her pussy swallowing his cock. As they fucked, he grabbed her ass and pulled her to him, and their tongues swirled around as they quickened the pace.

"I love sucking on your tits while I fuck you."

"Mm, your cock feels so good filling me up baby."

"Get up and turn around Mom," he said.

Jean got off of him and turned around. He pulled her to him as he spread his legs a bit and rubbing his cock along her ass crack, slid it down and into her pussy. He then held on to her hips as she semi squatted and leaned forward, pulling herself off and then he pulled her back on. He fucked her hard from behind as she continued the motion. She grunted with every thrust and the only sound was the whap whap whap of his cock going in and out of her wet pussy.

"OH yeah I love watching your hot ass."

"My my you're really wound up tonight aren't you?"

"I wonder how that happened? I 've been wanting to fuck your brains out since dinner," he said.

As he said that, he grabbed her hips a little tighter and thrust up harder as she grabbed his knees and pushed herself on with each down stroke. The sight of his mother bouncing up and down on his cock along with the feeling of his cock in her tight pussy was working its magic and he began to feel his cum welling up. He pulled her back on top of him and grabbed her tits from behind as he began to let loose inside her, shooting his sperm inside her pussy.

"Oh shit yeah I'm cumming, I'm cumming, hold on baby," he yelled as she moaned with delight at eh feeling of his hot load shooting inside her. Their juices mixed together and dripped out of her pussy and down his balls as she leaned back into him, his arms holding her tight. She got up as his cock popped out of her and turned around and faced him, kissing him on the lips gently.

"I have to go to bed honey for work tomorrow. Have a good night. I love you."

"I love you too, Mom, I think I will probably go downstairs and watch TV. I'm glad we got to do this."

"Me too son, me too!" she said as she picked up her nightie on the way out.

Ron put his shorts back on and went downstairs to the living room and turned on the TV. After about an hour or so, he dozed off.

The next thing he knew, he was waking up as he could feel someone looking at him. It was Jackie, dressed for work, looking down at him holding a cup of coffee.

"Well good morning, sunshine," she said as she bent over and kissed him on the head and then sat down on the couch.

"Crap what time is it?"

"It's 6:30, so you fell asleep watching TV?"

"Yes, and I have to be at work in half an hour."

"That's too bad," Jackie said as she reached into his shorts and pulled his cock out.

"Oh my God what are you doing, if my Mom.."

"Relax, she is taking a shower," she said, "and we really don't have time for anything although if you want I can give you a nice relaxing hand job. The way you are reacting here, I bet I could get you off in like two minutes."

"Come on, you have to stop that," Ron said, but he made no effort to move away from her.

"Stop what? Turns you on to think you might get caught being masturbated by your best friends' Mom doesn't it?" she said as she continued to work her hand up and down the length of his shaft. She set down her coffee cup as she cupped his balls with one hand while she continued to stroke him. He reached out and ran his hands along her nylon covered legs as she expertly worked on his cock. He loved the sight of a fully clothed woman with big tits jerking him off.

"Now be careful, hon, we can't go shooting all over me, I have to go to work like this," she said.

She licked her hand and went back to working on his cock.

"Come on sweetie, shoot your load like a good boy, and let me see it."

As his balls began to tighten, she could tell he was about to shoot. Taking her other hand, she put it over the top to prevent his cum from flying everywhere.

"Tighter, faster, yeah that's it," Ron said and his cock erupted like a cum fountain, shooting into the palm of Jackie's hand as she continued to stroke him. Once he had finished, she rubbed it into his stomach and then wiped her hand off on her napkin.

"Wow hon, you do shoot a lot of cum don't' you?" she said, "Too bad I couldn't really see you shoot."

"Holy shit, that felt great. Much better than me doing it," he laughed.

She leaned over and kissed him, "Any time, sweetie."

She got up and picked up her coffee cup again as Ron jumped up and ran to his room to get dressed for work. He quickly put on some shorts, polo shirt and sneakers and grabbing a cup of coffee, ran out of the house. As he drove to the club where he worked, all he could think about was that he might not survive the summer if things kept going the way they started.

Jean came downstairs a few minutes later and walking over to the couch, kissed Jackie good morning.

"Good morning, Jackie."

"Good morning."

"Did I hear my son running out the door this morning?"

"Yes, he was on the couch when I got up and I woke him up so he wouldn't be late."

"Oh good. It's nice having him home and it's almost like he has two moms now."

"Yeah, I am sure that is what he thinks," Jackie said and they both laughed.

"It's too bad we couldn't finish what we started last night. Quite honestly, I'm not sure how this will work with him home now. We really have to be discrete as I 'm afraid his head would explode," Jean said.

"Well," Jackie said, "Who knows what'll happen. We'll just take it as it comes." The kissed each other carefully so as not to smudge their makeup and walked out and drove to work.

Later that afternoon, Ron came home from work after a long hot day working at the golf course and came home and took a shower. The hot water really felt good as he had been totally grunged out from not taking a shower before work. When he got done, he dried off and went to his room, put on a pair of bike shorts and a t shirt, and plopped on his bed and fell asleep.

Jackie and Jean got home about an hour after Ron and immediately broke out a bottle of wine and sat down to relax. They both kicked off their heels and sat on the couch.

"Jean, I have to tell you, I am getting really tired of that new associate, they guy just can't stop talking to my chest. I had to tell him today that my eyes were about a foot up from where he was looking."

"What did he say?"

"He turned red, stuttered a bit, and walked away," she said laughing.

"I know the feeling, I have one who constantly stairs at my legs and ass all day too," Jean said.

"Men, can't live with them, can't shoot them," Jackie said.

"Speaking of men, I wonder what Ron is doing?" asked Jean.

"He looked pretty tired this morning, he probably is sleeping," said Jackie.

Jean got up, and walked up the steps and cracked open the door to his room. He was face first lying down on his bed, sleeping. She carefully closed the door and came back downstairs and sat down next to Jackie. Jackie had her feet up on the coffee table and looked like she was getting a bit comfortable, having unbuttoned a few buttons on her blouse. Jean grabbed her feet and swung them around into her lap and began massaging her feet through her nylons.

"Oh that feels great. I'll give you two hours to stop that," Jackie said. "Where's Prince Charming?"

"He's dead to the world up there."

Jackie moved so that her head was on one of the end pillows as Jean massaged her feet. While Jean did that, Jackie took her other foot and began rubbing it across Jean's chest, gently rubbing her breasts.

"If we're going to go any further, we should probably take this to the basement," Jean said.

Without a word, they both got up and Jackie took Jean's hand and led her downstairs to her bedroom.

The next day, Friday, they were all sitting around having breakfast.

"Well you sure slept a long time," Jackie said to Ron.

"Yeah I guess I was really beat," he said to her as she blushed. "So where are you guys going? You both look totally hot!"

Jackie was wearing a black blouse, low cut, which provided a no imagination needed view of her cleavage, white skirt with a slit on the side halfway up her thigh, black nylons and black heels. His Mom was wearing a tight red miniskirt with sheer hose and red heels. Man she has a nice ass and legs, Ron thought to himself.

"We're going out for a few drinks after work tonight so we figured we would see if we could attract some attention. Judging by your look, I'd say we will," Jean said.

"Cool," he said although feeling a pang of jealousy that they might pick up some men. "I am going out for a few beers myself after work so I guess I will see you guys later tonight, or not."

"Bye, hon," Jean said as he walked out the door. "Come on, Jackie, we have to get moving ourselves."

After work, the women had gone out with some of the other paralegals from work. They sat around as a group drinking wine and some shots as the men in the bar tried their best moves but failed. After a few hours and with a little buzz on, they decided to go home and continue to drink there.

When they got home, they cracked open a bottle of wine and sat down on the couch, sipping it and laughing about the guys who they met.

"Why can't they be like Ron?" Jackie said.

"He is a good boy isn't he?"

"He is the best, and very cute, " Jackie said.

"I have to agree with you there," Jean said. "Hell I would do him."

"Oh wow, really?" Jackie said.

"Sure, why not, he is cute and has a great young hard body. Even if he is my son."

"Jean, I have to tell you something."

"You've been fucking my son haven't you?"

"Oh God, Jean I'm so sorry, it just kind of happened and..." her voice trailed off as she started to sob.

"I figured as much since New Year's when you came home with ripped up hose."




"You knew it then?" Jackie asked.

"Not right away, but he has a very bad pantyhose fetish and I kind of put two and two together."

Jean reached over and held her hand.

"Jackie, look at me," she said.

Jackie continued to sob," Oh God, I feel horrible. You must think I am such a slut. I'm so sorry, I just could not help myself..."

"Jackie, it's ok. I'm not mad at you, I love you. Please look at me."

Jackie looked up at Jean with red eyes.

"I guess now I have to tell you something."

"What? It can't be as bad as this," said Jackie.

"Well, it is," Jean paused," I have slept with my son also."

Jackie's eyes opened to about three times their normal size and she covered her mouth with her hand.

"I know, I am a horrible person and it's sick..." Jean said

"Jean, no," Jackie said, "It's unusual but not uncommon. And I don't think you're sick or horrible. You both suffered a tremendous loss and somehow connected." The way it came out sounded funny to both of them and the laughed for a second before turning serious again.

"Seriously though," she continued, I don't think you're a bad person, besides, you're both adults."

"Oh God, I am so relieved to hear you say that, Jackie, you're my best friend and I could not afford to lose you."

"However, now that we know we are both sleeping with your son, what are we gong to do?"

"I was thinking the same thing," Jean said, "He must be freaking out moving home."

"Him, what about us?" asked Jackie.

"Good point, this is like a bad Jerry Springer episode," Jean said.

"Well," Jackie said raising her glass, "what the hell, let's just take it as it comes, so to speak."

"Hmm, this might get really interesting," Jean said.

About an hour later, Ron got home and he too was a little buzzed. After work, he had showered and gone out with some buddies of his as they went bar hopping. There did not appear to be too much action available, although at the last place they went, he overheard some guys talking about some hot older women who had been in there and figured that must have been his Mom and Jackie.

When he walked in, sitting on the couch with an open bottle of wine and wineglasses were Jackie and Jean. They were still dressed like they went to work, except their shoes were kicked off on the floor. Immediately all kinds of wicked thoughts entered his mind but he figured that since they were both together, probably nothing would happen. Still, he was a little drunk so he figured he should be careful.

"Hi Mom, hi Jackie," he said as he came in and went to the kitchen to get a beer.

"Hi Ron," they said almost in unison and giggled.

Ron came in and sat down on the love seat across from the couch and put his feet up on the table.

"So did you guys have a good time tonight?" he asked.

"It was ok," Jackie said, "But there were a lot of creepy guys to contend with."

"Oh really? I bet you guys got hit on a lot."

"Yeah pretty much all night, we finally left because it was just getting aggravating so we came home," Jean said.

"So how about you, Romeo, any ladies?" said Jackie.

"Nah, pretty beat actually, but at this one place, I overheard some guys talking about some hot Cougars that had been in there. Did you guys go to Sully's?"

The two of them laughed and nodded their heads.

"So that's what we are? Cougars?" asked his mother.

"Well, that's not what I said, but that's what they."

"Oh so we're not hot enough to be Cougars in your mind?" Jackie asked.

"That's not what I meant, of course you are," he said and the women laughed as he turned red.

"Come on over and sit between us, son," Jean said.

"Yeah, come over here stud," Jackie echoed.

Ron came over to the couch and sat down between them. As he did, they both moved forward so that their legs were in a normal sitting position. Ron felt like something was going on but he wasn't sure what. As he sat there, he tried to look like he wasn't staring at their nylon covered legs. Damn they have nice legs, he thought.

"So, son, Jackie and I have been talking this evening and we found out some interesting things," Jean said.

Oh shit, Ron thought to himself.

"Like what, Mom?"

"What do you think?"

"Uh, um, I don't really know."

"I'll save you some time," Jackie said, "We found out we have both been fucking the same guy."

Immediately, Ron got up but both women pulled him back down.

"Oh man, I can't believe this, I mean I'm sorry," Ron said.

"That's it?" Jean said

"I don't know what to say, I mean everything just kind of happened and then I didn't know..." and he just sat there thinking to himself that the little head really does think for the big head sometimes. He felt bad about everything but at the same time, was not sure what to say.

"I mean, I never meant to hurt anyone and things just got out of control. I'm so sorry."

He kept looking down and shaking his head. Jean and Jackie both looked at him and then looked at each other and smiled at each other as they both had come to the same conclusion. Both women leaned in and kissed him on each cheek and then put their hands on his legs. He looked at first one and then the other with a confused look on his face.

"What are you?.." he asked.

"Shh," Jackie said, "Don't talk."

Jean grabbed his face and kissed him on the lips. He kissed her back as Jackie undid the buttons on her blouse and took it off. He put his hands on their legs, rubbing, feeling their legs.

"He really does have a wicked pantyhose fetish doesn't he?" Jackie said.

"He really does, "Jean said as she continued to make out with her son.

They broke their embrace and he turned to his right to kiss Jackie, and his hands instantly went to her bra encased breasts.

"Let's take this upstairs to my bedroom," Jean said.

The three of them got up without a word and went upstairs.

When they got into the room, Ron began to undress as he watched the two women. Jackie and Jean moved to each other and began kissing in front of him as they shed their clothes. Jean turned around as Jackie unzipped her dress and let it fall to the floor as she wrapped her arms around her waist and kissed her neck. Ron finally got his clothes off and stood there as holding each other, they turned and looked at him, and both dressed in nothing but their pantyhose.

"Yes, we'll leave them on, you little pervert," Jackie said as they both laughed.

"That is so hot, seeing you two like that."

They turned and began kissing each other as Ron moved over to them. He put his arms around both of them as they continued to kiss each other. He took his hands to cup their asses and both women put a hand on his dick, and feeling it.

"Wow he is rock hard, Jean. Maybe we should make him watch."

They both laughed and then turning to him, they both got down on their knees, as Jackie took his raging hard on into her mouth and began sucking on it. As she did so, Jean licked his balls and then watched as Jackie took his member in and out of her mouth. Jackie paused as Jean kissed her deeply, and then went back to sucking on Ron as he put his hands on their shoulders to steady himself. The sight of the two women kneeling before him sucking his cock was the most erotic thing he had ever seen, and his cock twitched as they touched it.

"How do you like that baby?" Jean asked.

"Oh that feels awesome."

Jean stood up and began kissing her son, their tongues dancing as she ran her hands on his chest. He reached down and rubbed her ass, as Jackie sucked on his cock. She was extremely turned on at the sight of him kissing Jean and she looked him in the eye as she continued to take him in and out of her mouth.

"He's kissing you but he's watching me suck his cock," Jackie said

"Oh you little shit," Jean said and laughed as she also looked down. "That is so hot to watch, I can't wait until you get to see me doing that."

"Why don't we lie on the bed and make him go down on us?"

"Great idea," Jean said and the two women climbed on the bed and started making out with each other as Ron watched. Jean leaned in and began sucking on Jackie's massive tits as Jackie fingered Jean through her pantyhose. Ron climbed on the bed between them and spread his mother's legs, licking her feet, and then licking his way up her ankles to the insides of her leg,

"Oh yes, baby that feels good," Jean said as she kissed Jackie, and the two women kneaded each other's breasts. When he got to her pussy, he began licking her through her pantyhose as they were soaked. While he licked her, he reached over and began rubbing Jackie's clit, and she grabbed his hand and pushed it harder into her.

"I know you want to hon, just rip them open and eat me," Jean said.

Taking both his hands, he grabbed the seam of her pantyhose and ripped a hole in them, and immediately put his tongue into her, licking furiously. While he did this, Jackie moved up and straddled Jean's torso facing her so that her pussy was in her face. As Ron looked up, he could see Jackie sitting on her face, pressing against her as his mother grabbed Jackie's ass and licked.

"Jean, rip them open for me, tongue fuck me you slut," Jackie said

"Oh God, I love when you talk dirty like that," Jean said. Taking her hands off her ass, she reached up and ripped a hole in her black nylons. She then began massaging Jackie's clit with her thumb as she took her other hand and pinched her nipples. Jackie began moving back and forth across Jean's face as she licked her pussy. Ron continued to lick Jean's pussy, and inserted two fingers and began finger fucking her as he licked her with his tongue.

"Oh yes," she cried, "Lick me, eat me. Oh God, I'm going to cum soon."

Jackie moved off of Jean and began sucking on her tits, biting her nipples as he licked and finger fucked Jean. Her body was taken over by the rushing wave of her orgasm and she began to shake like she had never shaken before, the sensations of her pussy being stimulated while her tits being sucked on sent her into a frenzy she had never known before.

Ron pulled his head up as he looked up at his mother breathing in short breaths, still trying to recover as Jackie kissed her neck and breasts. He pulled himself up to lay on the other side of her, and reached over to kiss Jackie as her tits hung down and touched his mother's own.

"Wow that was awesome, guys, holy shit," Jean said when she could catch her breath, sweat pouring off of her.

"Glad you liked it sweetie," Jackie said. Jean watched as her son and Jackie were making out right on top of her and she reached up and pinched Jackie's nipples and then pulled them to rub them on hers. Ron climbed off the bed and then had Jackie lay on her back as he got on top of her and began sucking on her tits while she reached down and started rubbing his cock along her pussy lips. As he moved back and forth, Jean slid down and began licking his cock and her pussy at the same time. She then reached in and grabbing his cock, guided him into her wet pussy.

"Oh yeah, fuck me good baby."

"I am going to fuck the shit out of you. Watch me fuck her Mom," he said.

He leaned down and started kissing Jackie as he worked his cock in and out of her wet pussy. She was moaning loudly as he went in and out of her.

"Oh yes, give me that fucking cock."

Jean watched as he continued to fuck her. She lay next to them and was playing with her clit as she watched her son's cock go in and out of Jackie's pussy. Ron looked over and without missing a beat, pulled out of Jackie and moving over slammed his cock into his mother. Grabbing her legs, he threw them over his shoulders and began fucking her as she started kissing Jackie.

"HE's really giving it to you, Jean. I think your son likes his mother's pussy."

They kissed as he fucked her, and Jackie moved behind Ron and started licking his balls while he fucked Jean.

"Mmm that cock feels so good, do me baby," Jean said as he continued to stroke in and out of her.

"Come on, Ron, I want to be fucked too, she already came," Jackie said.

"Oh Oh," Jean said as her son slammed in and out of her, "I've got an idea. Stop for a second hon."

Ron backed off and got off the bed, as Jean kissed Jackie and asked her to get on top of her. Jean turned so that her head was at the foot of the bed and Jackie got on top of her and they began eating each other's pussy in a 69 position with Jean on bottom. Ron moved forward and standing at the foot of the bed, slid his cock into Jackie from behind. As he did so, Jean licked both his cock and Jackie's pussy.

"Oh God that feels fucking great," Jackie yelled as she felt Ron's cock going in and out of her while Jean licked her pussy. This is so hot, Jean thought, watching his cock go in and out of her pussy.

Ron grabbed Jackie's hips and thrust as hard and deep as he could in and out of her.

"Oh shit, I'm going to cum soon," Jackie said and Ron could feel her starting to shake as she lifted her head up from Jean's pussy. Her pussy began to tighten up on his cock and he knew he was going to blow his load soon. Between the tight pussy and his mom licking his balls, he felt like he was going to explode.

"Oh yeah, I'm going to cum," Ron said and Jean immediately began licking very fast at his balls.

Ron shot his first load hard, grunting as his cock exploded.

"Oh shit," he said as he came so hard it hurt. He shot his first shot inside her and she was so turned on, she squeezed his cock out of her pussy. As it fell out he continued to cum and he grabbed his cock to stroke it out, and shot rope after rope on her ass and his mother's face. She opened her mouth wide, trying to catch his load and it covered her face and neck as he continued to pump himself dry. Still holding onto Jackie's hips he started to rub it on his mom's face, and she grabbed it and licked it as the last few drops leaked out, rubbing it all over her face.

Jackie moved to lay down on her back as Jean turned around and Jackie began licking his cum off Jean, both women feeling each other. Ron lay down next to his mother, exhausted as the two women kissed and Jackie took some from Jean's face and wiped it on Ron's mouth.

"Holy shit, that was awesome," Ron said.

"Yes, it was," the women said in unison.

Sexually satisfied and buzzed from the drinking, the three of them fell asleep in each other's arms.