Open Yahoo! Axis application
 
Home | QM's Page « A New Beginning Index
Chapter 1
Posted: May 07, 2012 - 05:41:54 pm

Call me Dave, most people do, I'm an ordinary enough guy, 35, only son and the middle one of 3 kids. My life has been pretty ordinary too, married in my mid 20's and divorced after 5 years when my ex decided she could do better for herself with someone else, took my two kids with her and made life very difficult for me to contact them, the few stilted conversations I've had with them since then have made it fairly obvious that there were a number of untruths going on in the background. The Child Support Agency has made my life hell too, they keep getting "word" that my declared income was a lot more than I was actually getting, which is untrue, I'm just good with my money and don't generally spend it on stuff I don't need. I'm based in the Medway area of Kent, I say based as for all I own a studio flat there, I'm rarely at home, my job takes me all over the country and the perks are good, free meals, free board and a good wage. The downside is long hours and no contact with the kids, still I have good relations with my family and some good friends, mostly engineers like myself, but they kept me going when things were rough.

Still enough of the boring stuff, it sounds like I'm crying in my beer and I'm not, life is good and it just got a lot better recently.

I was actually at home between jobs when I got a phone call from my older sis...

"Hi Dave" was her opening salvo,

"Hi Paula" my return. Hey, I've never claimed to be original, just consistent.

"Dave, could you do me a favour, I know you aren't working and you could do with a holiday" At this point I was wondering just who in the family had blabbed, I certainly hadn't told anyone I was home, probably my Mum though, she's psychic or just got loads of informants.

"Ok Paula, what are you angling for..." It couldn't be money, Paula's 39 and a fully qualified online legal secretary, married to Kevin who's a builder and has 2 kids, Kerry and Martin both in their teens.

"Well Dave, Kevin's had an accident, broke his leg in 3 places and was supposed to be taking us to France camping." That explained the call, Paula for all she can drive, doesn't like driving abroad or driving any great distances come to that.

"You want me to drive you to France?"

A slight hesitation, then "Yes, and spend fortnight with your niece and nephew camping in Brittany."

Hell why not, I hadn't had a real holiday in five years. "Sure Paula, who's looking after Kevin though?" I asked. Kevin makes money hand over fist, but he's the sort of guy who tries to get £6 change out of a £5 deal, he's good to my sis though, if tight on spending. Paula just laughs it off though; she's not exactly penniless herself and they've always loved camping, whereas I'm the full board all inclusive hotel type.

"Maggs, his mother will be staying over; you met her at my wedding."

Well I might have, damned if I could remember her though. "Ok, when do you need me?" I would have to contact the office and let them know I was out of the country and not to call, I don't like saying no, so the easiest way is to tell them then switch my works mobile off.

"Can you come down tomorrow, we have to catch a ferry early the following day and it'll be easier than you getting up at the crack of dawn to travel down."

Ever practical, that's my sis, that way she gets to show off her "mansion" too as I call it, though it's not a mansion really, it's a converted oast house, but pretty massive, Kevin has done some damned fine work with it having picked it up for a song nineteen or so years ago when it was just a shell. They've had offers in the millions to sell, but I doubt they will, it suits them down to the ground.

The following day I travelled down to Tunbridge Wells by train and Paula picked me up at the station and drove me to her home, I got the usual twenty questions all aimed at either my health (good) to my finding someone new (none existent) I'm way too busy to inflict my lifestyle on some unfortunate woman, besides the internets full of ladies looking for no strings one nighters, just go look if you don't believe me...

As I got out of the car and went for my bags I was mobbed by two screaming teens, "Uncle Dave, Uncle Dave" from Kerry and Martin, good kids too, Kerry at 13 is growing up to be an absolute stunner, like her Mum, Martin had his fathers build and the softer warmer features of Paula, he'd be fighting the girls off with a stick if he could just overcome his shyness, but at 14 was still too unsure of himself and more interested in Warhammer. I was dragged into the house, both kids chattering away ninety to the dozen to see their Dad.

Kevin was laid up in bed in obvious discomfort, he'd fallen through some rotten boards in a house his company was renovating and it looked like he'd be laid up a while, though judging by the way he was on his laptop and had his mobile to hand it wasn't slowing him down too much. "Grateful for this Dave." He said, "Paula and the kids have been looking forward to this since last year, glad you were free."

"No problem, I needed a break myself."

At that point the door opened and Kevin's Mum bustled in and I did remember her, tall at five foot six, an ash blonde with a 38, 26, 38 hourglass figure with a very nice set of DD tits to go with it. No spring chicken of course, she's in her mid fifties, but still well worth a look.

"You must be Dave." She said, "I remember you from the wedding."

"Nothing bad I hope?" I said with a smile.

"Just the dancing." She said with a twinkle in her eye.

I blushed slightly as I'm to dancing as the Titanic was to staying afloat, it's just never going to happen as it should. Still it amuses the kids and seems to have made a memorable impression on Maggs, who I thought for a second was checking me over, but had to be my imagination, she's married to a guy called Tom, bit of a couch potato, but a good laugh too.

Maggs then held up a urine pot and I made my excuses and left, there are some things a guy shouldn't watch unless he has too.

It was later, after a superb dinner and a dvd movie when the kids had gone up to their rooms and Paula had followed struggling to keep awake, but warning me we had to be up at 6am, that Maggs asked me if I'd care to join her in a drink.

"Ok, but only the one, long trip tomorrow and I don't need a hangover."

"I rarely drink myself." She replied "Tom says it lowers my inhibitions." A cheeky grin with that and I started to get the feeling that she was coming on to me.

"He's a lucky guy." I murmured.

"Only if he can get me to drink." She laughed.

I was now getting a definite feeling and it was no longer in my mind, a certain part of my anatomy had decided to perk up too. "Always had good luck myself." I said.

"Never hurts to be lucky." She replied and knocked back her drink in one. "I'd better check on Kevin, don't want him ringing me on his bloody mobile because he wants the loo." She stated.

"Ok." Damn she was teasing.

Ten minutes later she padded back into the living room, "They're all asleep, Kevin too, well he will be when the painkillers kick in." She'd changed too, some sort of kaftan, very silky and seemed to caress her body quite erotically.

"Looking like that I'll have to get a few more drinks into you." I joked.

"I'd rather something else was getting into me, or rather someone else." She said with a sultry look.

"What about Tom," I said quite shocked, for all Maggs was a damn fine looking woman, she didn't seem the type to stray, which shows you what I know about women in general.

"What he doesn't know won't hurt him." She replied, "Besides, he seems to have forgotten what it's for, unlike your friend down there I see."

I was of course as stiff as a board, I'm only human after all and it had been a while. With that she leaned over and kissed me, softly at first, then with more passion our tongues intertwining madly as we closed with each other.

"Only one thing." She gasped as we parted for a second. "No one else can know, or even guess. I like my life the way it is, save only for the lack of sex, don't ruin it for me!"

"No problem." I replied, then proceeded to kiss her again, my lips moving down her neck making her gasp in delight. My hands also wandered over the surface of the kaftan too, she appeared to be naked underneath it and it was an incredibly sensuous feeling as I felt her respond to my caresses. Her nipples rose like little bullets to my touch as she was clearly getting very turned on by my touch.

Her own hands were busy too running over my chest and slipping up my tee shirt to touch my bare skin.

"Oh God." She murmured, "It's been so long since I felt anything other than flabby muscles."

I'm no Adonis, but the job I do keeps me in shape, still she was getting me more and more turned on and I needed to do something about that.

I started to raise up the kaftan, but she stopped me.

"Not here, lets go to your room it's at the back of the house and no one will hear us."

We both moved upstairs, Maggs leading the way, my eyes feasting on her form in the semi dark, definitely no underwear to mar the contours of the kaftan and one hell of a sexy wiggle too.

As soon as my bedroom door was shut we were in each others arms again, this time our hands moving in unison to remove each other clothing. Maggs might have been in her fifties, but there was nothing wrong with her body, soft and warm with a neatly trimmed pussy and heavy if still firm breasts, smallish nipples but a large aureole surrounding each. My mouth greedily moved down to suckle each in turn as Maggs gasped in pleasure, her own hand had now dropped my pants and underwear allowing my cock to spring free.

"Ohhhh, that's so nice." She almost purred. "Just what I need, it's been so long."

She then pushed me back on the bed and proceeded to take my cock into her mouth, twisting around to present her pussy to my waiting lips and tongue. It was like tasting the nectar of the gods, and her clit was well pronounced and very sensitive as she gave out a small muffled scream each time my tongue ran across it and her hips bucked like mad. Her own tongue was rapidly taking me to the edge too and I gasped out "I'm going to cum."

"Not yet." She replied, "I want that somewhere else this time." Promptly turned and straddling me took hold of my cock in her right hand and guided me into her waiting pussy.

It was like sliding into hot buttered silk, she was no youngster, but she was a very snug fit and so hot inside. Moving slowly at first she raised her body up on my cock then slid back down again, the feeling was exquisite, she had incredible muscle control too and started to pick up the pace gasping at each thrust into her well lubricated pussy.

"Ooooh." She groaned. "Oooooh, ooooh, ooooooooooh!" As her first orgasm overtook her. "Oh my God, you naughty, naughty man." She purred as her rhythm increased again, "I can see that you might become habit forming for me." This with a wicked twinkle of a smile.

Well I had no objections and yes I can be discreet too, though at the time my thoughts were more on taking my mind off the inner explosion building up in my balls, to no avail. With an intense groan from my lips my cock exploded within Maggs' pussy and my cum splattered her hidden depths.

She leaned down to kiss me softly, "God that was so good, it's been far too long since I've had a nice stiff cock do that for me."

"More than happy to oblige Maggs and yes I'd like to make it a regular thing if you want."

"Mmmmm, you say the nicest things." She murmured, "But no strings, I know you'll have others, but if or when you can spare the time for an old lady."

"Maggs, it isn't the age, its how well the engine goes." I said with a wink. "That and a well looked after chassis too."

She leaned down and kissed me again as my now softening cock slid out of her and I could see a tear in her eye.

"It's just so nice to be wanted again." She smiled and then slipped down to take me in her mouth again, her tongue swirling around to get me stiff in what seemed like a few heavenly minutes.

My hands were kneading her magnificent breasts and I could tell she was becoming even more aroused, she was incredibly sensitive in all her erogenous zones and clearly was going to make the most of her dalliance with me.

At last unable to take any more pleasure from her tongue I laid her down on the bed and mounted her, my cock sliding into her warm slick pussy and back into heaven. This time I was in control and I kept my strokes long and slow, each thrust eliciting a vocal response from Maggs as the sheer pleasure of our coupling overcame her along with the illicit pleasure of doing or being with someone she shouldn't.

"You're very good at this." She said with a wicked throaty chuckle.

"Takes two." I replied

My pace gradually picked up as did the volume of Maggs cries of pleasure until at last she stiffened and cried out in ecstasy again, just as my own orgasm peaked and again I filled her pussy with my cum.

Basking in the afterglow, she murmured, "It's a good job I can't get pregnant the amount of seed you've put into me."

I smiled, "I couldn't get you pregnant even so, my ex made sure I had a vasectomy after our second."

"Must make you popular with the ladies, bareback riding is the nicest of sports."

"Chance would be a fine thing." I said, "Too much work and too little time to indulge between jobs."

"We'll have to see about that." She grinned, "Can't have you suffering from a lack of attention now can we?"

"Just let me know when you can pop over." I said, "Just be careful, this isn't something the families will be happy about."

"I know." She said, "But I have a taste for hard cock now and don't want to lose it, but, you'd better get some sleep now, long trip tomorrow."

Then smiling she said. "But don't wear yourself out, I might have needs to be met again soon." With that a hug and a wink she slid the kaftan back on and left me to drift off into a satisfied deep sleep, thinking that the holiday could only be a let down now, how wrong I was...
Chapter 2
Home | Top | QM's Page |   Feedback to author



Open Yahoo! Axis application
Home | QM's Page « A New Beginning Index « Previous
Chapter 2
Posted: May 11, 2012 - 10:40:42 am

The trip to France and down into Brittany was fairly uneventful, other than the occasional squabble between the kids and Paula's increasing threat levels to get them to calm down. I don't mind travel and I do enjoy the ferries across from Dover to Calais, it enabled me to people watch and occasionally play the "would I wouldn't I" game with the various women dotting about the ship.

Paula of course knew exactly what I was doing. "Still got a roving eye Bro." She said with a grin.

"Can't help it." I smiled back at her. "Women just fascinate me, besides, looking isn't doing."

"Good job too." She said. "A few with partners here are eying you up as well."

I laughed, "Chance would be a fine thing, besides, it's mostly because they think I'm already taken ... By you. Grass is greener etc."

Paula stifled a giggle and also blushed. For all we're brother and sister, we don't look at all alike, I'm a gnats whisker under 6 foot, dark brown hair, blue eyes, broad shoulders and what's known as work muscles. I don't have time for a gym, but my job keeps me more than fit as it's quite physical at times. Paula though (and our other sister Meg) is five four and almost elfin in appearance, a honey blonde, petite with a small but nicely proportioned bust and the cutest arse you could imagine. Blue green eyes, dimples when she smiles and a lovely personality. At 39 she's in pretty good shape for her age though no one is ever going to mistake her for a teenager or even in her 20's, but she carries her years with ease.

Unlike Meg, the wild one in our family, Paula has always stuck to the straight and narrow, I can't swear to it, but I suspect she was a virgin on her wedding night and has never strayed either. Chance would be a fine thing for her anyway, she works from home and she's not daft enough to shit in her own nest.

6 Hours travel through France we arrived at the campsite in La Trinité sur Mer and found the reps to take us to the tent. I gotta admit that this was camping in style, it even had a fridge inside as well as real beds too. Unfortunately there were only three bedrooms and the kids needed their own privacy, but as Paula and I had brought sleeping bags, we figured we could work around it.

First job though was shopping, stock up on good food and more importantly some very cheap and decent beer. Say what you like about the French, (and as a true blooded Englishman believe me I have) they do food and drink incredibly well, though it is a bit expensive to eat out.

Still once that was sorted, it was time to explore the site, which wasn't too big and had some lovely flowering plants along with sheltered bays for the individual tents and caravans. There was also a small bar and takeaway on site too along with a decent pool and various other activities for the kids to enjoy. Not too far away was a beach and in the distance a few islands as well as the Quiberon peninsula.

Back at the tent we prepared a light dinner, or rather Paula did and the kids and I did the washing up at the communal sinks for the site. Wandering back to the tent we found Paula in conversation with our neighbours who had turned up from a day out. I honestly don't know how she does it, but Paula can engage anyone in conversation and have their life stories out of them within minutes. So I was introduced to Mike and Jan both in their thirties and their kids Aaron and Dan who were 7 and 8 respectively. They were in their second week of their holiday, but had had a great time so far and told us of several places to visit including the standing stones at Carnac. Mike was a tall string bean type of guy, slightly balding with an apparently roving eye as he scoped Paula pretty much all over and no doubt mentally undressed her too. Jan was almost the opposite, short, slightly under five foot and a little dumpy, mousey brown curly hair but a sweet face and laughing eyes. After that they invited us all to the campsite bar for a few drinks and some chat whilst the entertainment was going on, we agreed, but only for a short while, travelling can tire you out.

At the bar the beer was good if expensive and the singer not so good but enthusiastic which caught the mood of the other campers. Eventually time and tiredness caught up with the kids and Paula and Jan took their respective broods back to the tent. Mike seemed to be attempting to drink for England, though I wasn't in the mood really, that plus he was eying up the barmaid and any other lone female in the bar, so as the saying goes, I made my excuses and left. I wasn't really too tired so I just wandered out to the beach and watched the sun go down and mentally ticked it off my "to do" list" then wandered back in the increasing gloom back to the tent.

I could hear the slight heavy breathing of sleeping people when I approached the tent, so decided to sit outside in the cool air till they were all sound out when Jan stuck her head out of the tent door and offered me a beer. Well I certainly wasn't going to turn that down so said "Thanks" and sat at the patio style furniture outside her tent to appreciate it and chat a little.

"Mike still at the bar?" She asked.

"Was when I left." I replied.

She sighed, "Bloody man, he'll spend the next two hours getting pissed eying up women then come back here for a drunken fumble but unable to perform."

I was wondering how I got into these positions, it wasn't that I could really say a lot, but. "Man's a fool, some things aren't worth the time to miss."

Jan gave a little giggle, "You're too kind, you'll turn my head if you aren't careful."

"Wasn't your head I had in mind." I replied. Damn that was corny and didn't really make sense I know, but Jan just laughed and said.

"Careful now, someone might come."

I wasn't going to pass that opportunity up for a double entendre so grinning broadly I said. "We might be lucky that way yes."

"Oh your awful." She smiled back at me and placed her hand on my cock, "Mmmmm nice."

I was beginning to wonder if someone had just switched on some sort of babe magnet inside me, this had never happened before, sure I'd had some luck, but this was way too easy for my normal life. Still I wasn't going to say no, assuming we could find a way. So I leaned over to kiss Jan and said "We'd have to be careful."

"I know." She breathed, "But I'm sick of the only time I'm wanted is when he's drunk."

With that she moved her chair into the darkest part of the bay out of site of the roadway and any prying eyes and I followed her.

I sat and she sat across my thighs and we kissed again and again our hands wandering over each other clothing and caressing what bare skin we could get at. Jan making a point to keep one hand on my covered cock and gently massaged it to its full stiffness.

The excitement of tasting again forbidden fruit gradually drew my hands too her shorts and I hooked two thumbs into the waist band and slid them down along with he panties. She was absolutely soaking down there, more than I've felt in any woman before or since. My fingers began to probe her pussy and seek out her clit and the opening to her hidden treasures and she gave out a groan so loud I thought it sure to be heard on the other side of the campsite. "Oh God, that feels so good." She gasped after she got control of herself, "You have a lovely touch." She then moved back to slip down my shorts and free up my cock for action. "Oh, is that all for me?" She purred.

"Oh yes, little one, for one night only perhaps." I replied before kissing her passionately again.

"Good." She said, "I need this."

I moved myself to the edge of the seat and Jan turned her back to me and straddled me and carefully guided me into her pussy. My hands reached up to cup her breasts under her top and she slowly began to move up and down on my cock trying hard not to make too much noise.

"Yessss." She murmured, "Oh yesssss." Slowly building up the pace as she took her pleasure from me.

Moving one of my hands down I started to finger her clit provoking even more gasps of pleasure as an orgasm overtook her and more wetness trickled down her thighs.

"Oh you lovely man." She purred never once losing the rhythm of sliding my cock into her hidden depths, "I wish I could do this all night."

"Always tomorrow." I said.

"No." she lamented, "We have to drive home the day after tomorrow so he won't be drinking."

"Pity." I said. "I'm enjoying this immensely."

"Me too ... Ooooh here we go again..." This time her gasps were very audible, but fortunately no-one came to investigate.

"I'm going to cum too." I gasped and she lifted off me turned and took me in her mouth wanking me slowly and sucking hard till I exploded into her mouth in sheer waves of pleasure.

Swallowing she said "Sorry about that, but if he did get in, he'd know. Now I need to towel down, would you mind holding the fort for me?"

"No problem." I replied feeling a bit dizzy from my efforts and slowly drawing my shorts up.

Within five minutes Jan was back. A quick kiss and a question. "Don't suppose you're ever up in Yorkshire?"

"Three or four times a year." I replied. "Like a repeat performance?"

"Oooh yes." She sighed. "Next time you can have it all. I'll give you my mobile number and live in hope." She said with a cheeky grin.

It was a good hope, but that's for another tale, some other time.

She left me then to settle down and I went off to the washrooms to clean up, last thing I wanted was Paula asking awkward questions. Yes I know I'm single, but it's hers and the kids hols too.

On the way to the washroom I passed a very tipsy Mike, staggering home, smelling of beer, cigarettes and what appeared to be cheap perfume. I idly mused that he'd never know the next time he had Jan that he wasn't the last man in there. With that though and now smelling of soap I quietly slipped into the tent and into my sleeping bag next to the gently snoring Paula and slipped into a deep and satisfying sleep.
Chapter 3
Home | Top | QM's Page |   Feedback to author


Open Yahoo! Axis application
Home | QM's Page « A New Beginning Index « Previous
Chapter 3
Posted: May 12, 2012 - 08:21:41 am

The next day was overcast and cool, but perfect for a walk up to Carnac. If you've never been there, well it's a bit like Stonehenge, only the stones go for miles. Kerry and Martin were fascinated, though they both tried to appear completely cool about it and the old digital camera was clicking like mad as Paula tried to get as many of us into the pictures with the stones as possible. At last though we wandered into the Town of Carnac itself, which was a bit of a tourist trap, but had a lot of Brasseries to grab a light lunch in though as ever in France it being between the hours of twelve and two, everywhere else was shut or appeared to be. We settled down in a place called the Ch'ti bar which of course the kids immediately and to Paula's embarrassment called the shitty bar. Lunch though was superb and like most French things was prolonged and relaxed. It was when the kids went off to look at the internet café that Paula said "What were you up to last night?"

"Nothing." I grinned.

"She was a bit noisy for nothing." Paula remarked.

"Aah..." She had me, bang to rights.

"It's ok." Paula smiled, "You at least didn't wake the kids or frighten the donkeys."

"Sorry." I said, "It wasn't planned."

"Who was it?" She enquired.

"Jan." I said.

"You're kidding! Oh you rogue, she's a married woman!" Paula squeaked.

"Yes, but one who was very pissed off with her hubby and a bit neglected. Besides what he doesn't know won't hurt him." I hit back.

"True." She mused, "But you'd better hope for her sake he never does."

"That's for her to keep." I said, "I'm not going to ruin things for her, I like the lady too much."

"Some lady." Paula mused.

"Hey!" I said, "Don't judge unless you've ever been in the same position."

"Shows you what you know." Muttered Paula, but wouldn't be drawn further.

After that we vacated the bar and wandered back to Trinite stopping off occasionally to look at souvenir shops and pick up some gifts for the family.

The rest of the day continued overcast, but became ever more humid and close, I expected at any time to hear thunder, but it never came and although we had a barbecue for dinner and let the kids share a beer not a lot else happened.

I did speak to Mike and Jan though; Jan had a lovely twinkle in her eye as we bade each other farewell. Mike just appeared hungover and a bit sullen, though not at me, just life in general I guess. Jan also slipped me her mobile number and gave my cock a surreptitious squeeze in passing too. I definitely planned on seeing that lady again, we had a lot of "in depth" discussions to finalise when I was next "oop North."

After that Paula, the kids and I went up to the bar to see what was happening, the reps had put on an 70's and 80's night and so being a dancing fool I joined in and embarrassed the hell out of the kids and possibly Paula, though it was too hard to tell as tears of laughter streamed down her face as Kerry and I did the "bump." And I batted her across the floor and almost out of the door with an over energetic pelvic swing.

still all good things come to an end and we returned to the tent to settle for the night, though the humidity was still far too high and I just changed into shorts and lay on top of the sleeping bag. Paula settled in too with just thin cotton shorts and a tee shirt along with a thin sheen of sweat on her forehead.

"Should rain and break soon." I said.

"Hope so." She yawned, "But not thunder, I hate thunder."

In the background there was a faint rumble, which did not bode well for a quiet night.

It was possibly an hour later that the rain started, light at first, but getting gradually heavier as the heavens opened. Then there was an almighty crash of thunder and a terrified Paula was in my arms quaking in terror. I held her tightly and whispered calming words to try and soothe her fears, I don't know why she's frightened of it, but she is, it's irrational, but some fears are.

What was also irrational was the feeling of her perky firm breasts pushing into me and the response from another part of my anatomy famed for having a mind of its own.

Gradually the noise and rage of the storm settled and a more calmer Paula regained control of her fears only to figure out just what was pushing into her belly.

"Oh my" She whispered and then reached down to grasp the obvious, so to speak.

"Paula, I..."

"Shhh" she whispered, "I feel quite complimented, besides this is only the second one I've ever felt."

"Yes, but..."

"Shhh!"

She then began to slowly move her hand up and down my cock outside my shorts. "He's quite big." She stated.

To be honest, I'm not that big, I'm an average six inches, but this didn't feel like the time to be objective. My mind though was stunned, I've never viewed Paula in a sexual way before. Don't get me wrong, I know she's a looker and very attractive, but sexy? That was for other women.

Her hand then slipped inside my shorts...

"Paula!" I gasped, "You shouldn't! This is wrong!"

"Doesn't feel so wrong to me" She said, "Feels very nice."

She took one of my hands and gently slipped it under her top onto her breast. The nipple was erect, almost solid and she moaned in pleasure as my finger and thumb gently rolled it, then I kissed her, not a brotherly kiss but one of desire and need. Our tongues moved over each other and around each other and my stiffness reached an almost painful level. My hands almost of their own volition reached out to slip Paula's top off and expose her breasts to my needy mouth.

"Oh yes." She groaned and slid her hands down to remove my shorts.

As my mouth, teeth and tongue pampered her nipples one at a time my hand strayed down to slide under her shorts. She was smoothly shaven, almost silky smooth and a further probe met wetness and obvious desire.

Paula then slid her own shorts down and kissed me deeply her hands wandering up and down my anatomy constantly stopping to stroke my cock.

"That feels so good." I whispered.

"Glad I'm doing it right." She said. "Not had a lot of practice."

"Surely..."

"Shhh. Just love me, we can talk tomorrow, if you want."

I then moved my mouth down to taste her nectar and I'm so glad the sound of the rain on the tent drowned out most of the noise as Paula got very vocal indeed.

"Oh God." She wept. "No-one has ever done that for me."

I continued to swirl my tongue around her clit and her entrance and felt the tremors in her body increase until finally she just stiffened and grabbed a pillow held it over her mouth and screamed into the most intense orgasm I've ever seen in a woman. Her limbs were flopping and flailing all over the place and she couldn't seem to catch her breath for the longest time.

Finally she gasped with tears streaming down her face "Is it always like that?"

"I don't know." I replied, "I've never seen you cum before."

"I never have." She sobbed. "Kiss me please."

I gave her a slow passionate kiss as the sobbing gradually ceased and her hand reached down to my cock again.

"Please Dave" She begged "I want this so much."

I moved on top of her and she parted her legs and I positioned my cock at her entrance.

I'm so going to hell I thought as I slid my length deep within Paula's achingly tight pussy.

Paula gave a light scream and bit down on my shoulder as I penetrated her and I adjusted my weight on her as she got used to feeling me within.

I then slowly withdrew almost to the tip, before thrusting home again and again.

Our entwined bodies moved to their own sexual rhythm, Paula's gasps and moans were masked by the rain on the tent along with the creaking of the bed springs as I increased the tempo and power of my strokes.

Paula gradually moved her legs to increase the depth of my penetration until they crossed over the small of my back.

"Oh Dave." She gasped. "This is incredible, I've never felt this way before, I know it's wrong but it feels so bloody good!"

Finally I gasped, "I'm going to cum!"

Paula just pulled me close and cried "Oh yes, oh yes!"

Two hard strokes and I erupted into her, groaning in pleasure as jet after jet of cum blasted into Paula's waiting pussy.

And we kissed and held each other close for a long time after, saying not a word.

Finally though Paula said. "We need to sleep, we'll talk about this tomorrow, but I'd like to do it again if you want me."

"Oh yes Paula, I do want to do this again, and again, but..."

"Later my love, later." She kissed me to silence me and slipped into the sleeping bag and I slipped into mine into a world of lurid dreams and incestuous desires all focussed on the lovely and enchanting sister sleeping silently next to me...
Chapter 4
Home | Top | QM's Page |   Feedback to author


Home | QM's Page « A New Beginning Index « Previous
Chapter 4
Posted: May 13, 2012 - 08:54:51 am

Morning came with clear skies and the promise of a hot sunny day. Paula was already up and at the washroom, sounded like the kids had gone with her. My body pleasantly ached, especially my shoulder where Paula had bitten me in the throes of passion. Yet I had to wonder at parts of the conversation we'd had last night and wanted very much to hear the full story of how Paula had finally decided that incestuous adultery was something to be desired in her life.

Finally I decided that introspection was getting me nowhere and set off for the washrooms.

Breakfast was a bit subdued for me, there were questions I wanted answers too, but there was no way I was ever going to bring this subject up in a public conversation. Afterwards though the kids begged Paula to let them go with the camp entertainment team to a jungle gym further down the coast only €15 each. Paula of course agreed after seeing the reps who said it was perfectly safe and the kids would love it.

Five minutes after waving them off we were back in the tent bedroom and kissing frantically.

"Oh God I want you so much." Paula gasped as I tugged her top off to get to the ripe fruit beneath.

Paula can just about get away without a bra and today she hadn't bothered and her beautiful perky breasts were exposed to my gaze for the first time ever. (Hey it was dark last night, we made love in Braille) My God they were just perfect, pink puffy aureole's tiny button nubs pale with faint blue veins running through them. I then slid down her shorts and pants to see the hidden treasure beneath them too. A beautifully formed mound with a gently glistening slit, a hooded clit hinting at more delights within, again pale and enchanting and had me aroused in a raging passion for my beautiful sister.

Paula had been busy too, dragging my top and shorts off to reveal the body that had pleasured her so well last night.

"Oh Dave, you're beautiful." She gasped, not a compliment I'm used to I admit, but very fitting where Paula was concerned.

"You're beautiful too Sis." I complimented her watching a slow blush move down over her cheeks to touch the tips of her nipples.

"No-one has ever called me that." She said kissing me deeply and hugging me tightly to her. "Now take me please!"

I started by soft kisses on her mouth then cheeks and moved down to kiss her soft sensuous neck. My fingers tracing patterns over her soft skin as she gasped in pleasure, her own fingers curling down to caress my cock. I moved further down to suckle on each breast in turn.

"Ohhhh." Gasped Paula, "You do such good things to me!"

I smiled and continued my ministrations to her breasts as I slid a hand and then fingers down to rub gently at her moist slit, finally unhooding her clit to my probing fingers.

"Oh Dave, oh Dave, oh Dave." She cried as an orgasm swept over her causing her pussy to spasm and make her juices flow freely.

"God, how do you do that?" She cried. "I've never felt anything like it!"

"Well it's supposed to be like this." I murmured.

"Seems I've been missing out," Paula said, "I often thought I was from watching films on tv."

Finally I moved my mouth down to taste my sister for the second time and Paula's squeals of pleasure rang out as she seemed to orgasm at each touch of my tongue so sensitive her pussy was.

"Take me, take me, please." She cried.

Well who am I to deny a lady, so I again moved to kiss her and parted her legs to mount her, sliding in to a gasp of sheer pleasure from my beautiful sister.

This time though I took my time, prolonging the pleasure and the agony of desire for both of us riding Paula to a tempo that alternately sped up and slowed down as the build to my orgasm began to mount too intensely until finally Paula just exploded under me, her legs rode up my back to force me deeper within her and her fingers dug into my back in spasms of ecstasy. I took this as my cue to cum as well and again I blasted rope after rope of my cum into Paula's tight hot pussy as it spasmed under her own intense orgasm and drank down my incestuous seed into its welcoming depths.

When I could see clearly again, I saw tears in Paula's eyes.

"Oh Dave, if only I'd known." She sobbed.

I rolled off and hugged her, "Tell me." I said.

It seems I was right; Paula had been a virgin when she married Kevin, but it hadn't been for lack of trying on her part. Seemed Kevin wanted to wait, to make it special.

Well the honeymoon was special enough, though Kevin was rather unadventurous and made no effort on his part to pleasure Paula. Being a bit naïve, Paula had simply accepted this, enjoyed sex, but frankly wondered what all the fuss was about. If they made love (an irregular occurrence and one becoming more irregular as they got older) it was missionary position only and Kevin just mounted her quickly, no foreplay and simply used her. To paraphrase Robin Williams as Mrs Doubtfire, Kevin's idea of foreplay was to simply say "Brace yourself Paula" Still two wonderful kids and a lovely house filled her world along with an interesting job, Still, over the years Paula heard things, wondered about things, saw things on the net. But, when she broached them timidly with Kevin he had simply fobbed her off or got angry. Her one attempt to commence oral sex on him had been a disaster and he'd simply said "Nice people don't do that" But it had stifled the beginnings of adventurism in Paula.

The other thing she'd noticed was the gilded cage she found herself living in, she's even suspected Kevin of keeping an eye on her whenever she went out, couldn't prove it of course, but every attempt to expand her independence had been thwarted or foundered on Kevin's objections or machinations. She'd also discovered early on that Kevin could not bear her to be with any other man, save only for family such was his jealousy and possessiveness. Still, such are the ways of the heart, that Paula still loved Kevin and had no intentions of leaving him and had simply resigned herself to a dull and boring love life.

In the end it had been Maggs who came to Paula's rescue, Kevin's mother had invited her for lunch a year before the holiday and in the chat Paula had finally opened up and ended up sobbing her heart out to Maggs. Maggs had swiftly reassured Paula that she was not the one with the problem and had scandalously suggested that Paula take a lover. However Kevin's paranoia at Paula even going out on her own quickly put paid to that. Yet still the germ of an idea had grown until finally just before a planned family holiday Kevin had broken his leg. At first Kevin was going to cancel it, kids to chaperone Paula or not, he simply was in fear to his own doubts, yet Paula had thought of a way to escape even temporarily, it just depended on me being free. Indeed if I had been working, she'd intended to beg me anyway.

Not that she'd planned on any incestuous coupling, just a hope that she might escape for a few hours with a stranger. She figured I would cover for her, despite the risks involved, but didn't know how she'd broach the subject.

As it was listening to me make love to Jan and her fear of thunder had opened her eyes to a whole new world of pleasure.

"Oh my dear sis, if only I'd known." I said

"Don't say anything to Kevin." She begged.

"I won't if you don't want me too." I replied "In the meanwhile, how would you like to practice your oral technique on me?" I smiled.

"Yes please." Paula giggled and proceeded to go down on me.

"You can use your hand to move the foreskin back and your tongue to swirl around the head." I gasped.

"Mmmm." Was the only reply I got as Paula took to the task with a will and a burning desire.

Finally I was stiff again and I asked her if she wanted to try doggy style?

Paula nodded and I turned her over placed a few pillows under her tummy to support her and looked at the cutest arse just begging to be taken that I'd ever seen.

Moving behind her I moved my cock into her wet slit and moved him up and down just savouring the sensation until finally I slid him into Paula and grasped her hips to aid my thrusts.

The squeal of pleasure nearly deafened me as my rampant cock slid in and out of that gorgeous hot wet pussy. I don't know if it was the perverted pleasure of doing something utterly forbidden by society, but both our climaxes were building rapidly and again Paula just beat me as her whole body just spasmed in the most awesome orgasm, swiftly followed by another warm injection of my cum deep within her pulsating pussy.

"Oh Dave." She sighed. "I don't want to give this up."

"Then don't." I said. "Kevin won't mind if you visit me will he?"

"No ... I don't think he will" Paula said. "He's often asked why I don't visit Mum more often too, he often calls up when I do to make sure I'm there too." She said with a glint in her eye.

"Well I'm sure you can still chat if your mouth isn't full." I winked at her.

"You beast." She laughed. "But I could see the gleam in her eye too."
Chapter 5
Home | Top | QM's Page |   Feedback to author


Home | QM's Page « A New Beginning Index « Previous
Chapter 5
Posted: May 14, 2012 - 02:24:38 pm

After we'd cleaned up the tent, we decided to just go for a walk till the kids got back. We held hands as lovers do and chatted about nothing in particular, though it seemed to me that Paula was almost glowing in sheer pleasure. The peninsula was almost deserted, though dotted about were odd shaped piles of rock, mostly made up of one stone piled on another and mostly conical. Never did find out what it was about, just some sort of art form, but it did make for an interesting walk.

We reached the tip of the peninsula to look out upon the Atlantic Ocean and the Ile de Houat near the entrance to the Golfe du Morbihan, watching the yachtsmen scudding across the water and occasionally heading in to Trinite.

"Kids will be back soon." I murmured. "Could make tonight interesting my noisy sis." I said with a laugh.

Paula giggled, "True, but where there's a will, there's a way."

"We'll find a way." I assured her. "Got lots to try yet."

"Really?" Paula asked.

"Really." I replied. "Depends on you of course but there are a lot of positions and another port of entry too."

"Port of entry?" Paula asked quizzically.

"Your lovely bum dear sis." I laughed at her. "But only if you want, might not be comfy or might hurt if not done carefully."

"You're kidding, right?" She asked.

"No, some ladies really enjoy it, others use it to prevent pregnancies, others because their pussy is just for their man and it isn't really cheating if a cock goes elsewhere."

Paula was blushing like mad now, but said "Have you..."

"Yes, once or twice when asked." I broke in.

"I'll have to think about it." She said, though I could see a gleam in her eye. "It's something I could give just to you I guess."

By now we'd wandered back towards the campsite and I stopped at the shop to pick up a small bottle of baby lotion ... Just in case.

We'd just got back to the tent when screams and laughter announced the return of Kerry and Martin. "Hi Mum, Hi Uncle Dave." They chorused.

"Did you have a good time?" Paula asked.

"Yes," Kerry replied "And Martin has a girlfriend too."

"Really" I asked Martin who had blushed down to his hair roots.

"Sort of." He choked out, "She's called Krisztina and she's from Holland, she's nice." He said almost pleading with his eyes for us to shut up.

"She's fifteen too," said Kerry

"Good for you." I said, "Girls are fun. Even cradle snatching ones." I said with a sly glance at Paula, who simply grinned at us all.

"Of course we are." Said Kerry with a grin.

After a takeaway dinner we all decided to have w walk to the town of Trinite and see what the night life was like. We just wandered in and out of the shops, bars and harbour/marina until we'd seen all we wanted too then strolled back to the campsite. Kerry and Paula arm in arm and Martin and I chatting about Warhammer, at least until the ladies were out of earshot then the conversation turned to girls.

"Uncle Dave?" Martin asked. "How do you talk to girls? I mean really talk, not just boy stuff like Warhammer?"

"Well she might like Warhammer, you never know." I replied. "However a good way is to ask questions to find out what she like too."

"Krisztina's into music." Martin replied, "But I've never heard of half the bands she listens too."

"Best way is just to ask to listen to some of her favourite stuff and ask who they are and why she likes them." I replied. "But be honest, if you don't like them, say so."

"Ok." He replied. "Anything else?"

"Girls like to be complimented." I said. "Just tell her she looks nice."

"Ok., anything else?"

Remembering Paula's tale about Kevin I replied "It's early days yet, just enjoy her company, you might never meet again, but that's no reason not to just be nice to her, you never know what might happen."

I just hope he'll turn out more like his Mum, should do though, he's definitely got Paula's personality, both of them have.

That night we stayed up late playing cards, I confirmed once again why I should never ever gamble losing every hand as they all laughed at my lack of skill, or sheer bad luck as I called it.

The kids then went to bed and Paula and I sat outside for a while till we felt they'd settled then Paula went in to get ready too.

Five minutes later I let myself into the bedroom to find Paula waiting naked on top of her sleeping bag.

Swiftly stripping off I joined her and we fell into each others arms. our lips kissing and our tongues sliding into each others mouths and entwining with passion. Telling Paula to lie flat on her tummy and sitting beside her I slid my hand between her slightly parted thighs and started to probe her pussy with my fingers, slowly drawing my index finger up and down her slit as she gasped with pleasure. Gradually I moved to run my finger around her clit and another into her pussy itself as Paula now groaned into a pillow to keep the noise from her pleasure to a minimum. I then used my thumb to probe the entrance to her back passage slowly applying pressure then backing away to put a little more lubrication from here already very moist pussy onto the tip. When Paula was near the edge of orgasm though I slid the tip into her back passage and it was as if I'd turned on a lightswitch as Paula bucked and flailed in a massive orgasm biting into her pillow to keep the muffled screams from the ears of the kids.

"Oh my fucking God!" she gasped out a minute later when she had herself under control, "I've never felt anything like that before, I thought my heart was going to stop."

"Sometimes like that," I said, "Makes for the most intense orgasms in some women."

"Not sure if I want you putting your cock in there ... yet." She said, "But it's moved to a definite maybe."

"Your body your rules." I said and moved on top of her, sliding my cock into her hot tight pussy and using short strokes to pleasure us both so as not to have the noise of bedsprings waking up the (hopefully) deeply asleep kids.

Paula continued to groan in pleasure as again I took my time, though she never orgasmed again simply arched her back to meet each stroke until at last I pushed home hard and gasped out in my own pleasure as again I sent spurt after spurt of my cum deep within her.

We held each other close in the afterglow and Paula said, "Will it bother you if Kevin still has me?"

"Well no," I replied, "He is your husband after all and I know you love him."

"Well, yes, I do," she said, "But I think I love you too."

"That's ok," I said, "Just don't fall in love with me, if anyone found out about this we might be looking at prison and you having your kids taken away."

"I know," She said shuddering, "But I want this delight in my life and yes, I'll love you, but just not be in love with you."

"That's called having your cake and eating it." I smiled.

"I intend having a lot of cake." She grinned in return, "I can't go back to the old diet having tasted something new ... and better."

"Just remember the rules," I said, "Rule 1) don't get caught. Rule 2) if in any doubt about anything, refer to Rule 1)"

Paula stifled a laugh at that and kissed me passionately. "Sleep well oh wise bro." She murmured.

"Sleep well oh sexy sis," I replied.

The following day though both Paula and Kerry started their monthlies, which was a damned shame from my strictly selfish point of view. Paula though looked at it stoically, "At least the kids won't hear us for a few days." She said when informing me. "Besides, it'll give you a chance to chase down fresh prey."

"Don't be silly sis, I'm not going to upset you like that." I replied.

"Dave," She replied, "I don't own you, so long as you aren't doing it in the tent beside me or embarrassing me or the kids, it's ok."

Well I had no intentions, but gave her a brotherly hug. "No problem." I said.

Paula and Kerry then set off for Trinite to pick up various items as well as have some quality Mummy, Daughter time leaving Martin and I to tidy up and look to our own devices. Which in Martin's case meant going to find Krisztina.

It was an hour later that a woman came to the tent, Tall (at least 5' 10") early thirties, very short dark hair, a large nose, brown eyes and an average if rawboned figure, she was also obviously pregnant too. "Hi, I'm Krisztina's mother my name is Maartje," She said with a pronounced Dutch accent. "Martin asked me to let you know he and Krisztina have gone with my husband to Carnac for the day.

"Oh right," I said, "Aren't you going with them?"

"No," Maartje replied, "I do not travel so well at the moment and it is too hot to be walking around as I am."

"How far along are you?" I asked.

"Six months and more trouble than Krisztina, I think it must be a boy, they're always trouble." She said with a twinkle in here eye.

"Depends on whether the trouble is worth it." I said with a laugh.

"Depends on the boy." Maartje said, "Sometimes is, sometimes not. A nice accident though, we not expect this. Would you like to have a cup of tea with me? Keep each other company?"

"Yes sure," I said.

I walked alongside Maartje to her tent, she was obviously struggling a bit so I held out my arm to assist her.

"Thank you," she said, ""Some days I just ache all over and feel like a beached whale."

"Oh I don't know about that," I replied "Pregnant ladies have an inner glow to them and some guys find them quite attractive even when they do not."

"That I should have such a guy." Laughed Maartje, "Gus finds the whole business somewhat offputting."

"Silly Man." I said.

At her tent Maartje prepared tea for the both of us, serving it with a slice of lemon and sighing with relief at finally sitting down. Though it wasn't long before she was moving about. "Today I just ache," She sighed.

"I could massage your shoulders," I said, "My ex ached all through her two pregnancies and she found it a relief."

"Would you?" Asked Maartje, "I think I'd like that."

I started on her shoulders gradually kneading the tense muscles and provoking small sighs of contentment along with a few moans as I dug in a bit hard.

"That was heaven," She said, but it's my legs that ache the most."

"I can do them too, but you'll have to lie down somewhere." I replied.

"We have a spare bed here, we can use that." Maartje said and lead me into the tent and one of the small bays. "Do you want me to remove my shorts?" She asked.

"That'll help." I said. So off came her shorts and also her tee shirt too.

"It's just too hot in here," She said.

Things started well and Maartje enjoyed my ministrations though the closer I got to the top of her thighs the more obvious it was that she was enjoying it in more ways than one.

"Do you find pregnant ladies attractive?" Maartje finally asked.

"Very much so," I said.

"Thought as much," She said looking directly at my groin and the evidence of my pleasure in touching her. She then leaned up to kiss me, "I think I need a bit more than a massage she grinned, Gus hasn't touched me since I started to grow and I just need the touch of a man to remind me that I'm a woman."

I kissed her again, moving down her body to kiss the bulge where the baby lay as she sighed in contentment. I slid my fingers into her pants and gently massaged her pussy as her hips twitched in pleasure at my touch, we kissed again, no tongues just lots of little kisses all over her lips, face and neck. My other hand deftly slid under her back and unclipped her bra and removed it. Full breasts sprang out to reveal themselves, dark brown huge nipples and coming more alive to my touch. Maartje's hands weren't idle either, stroking my cock in my shorts until I stood back and removed my clothing. Then removed her panties and moved between her thighs to kiss her very hairy pussy. I wormed my tongue into the crack and sought out Maartje's clit. "Oooooh," She sighed, "That is so good! I have missed this so much."

I slid one, two then three fingers into her, to her body's obvious delight as her hips rolled and twitched until finally she came with a series of sighs and moans.

I moved to lie alongside her and kissed her, then hooking her nearest leg over both of mine I angled my hips and legs to allow my cock to nestle at her entrance and slowly slid into her.

"Oh yes," Was all she said and I started to thrust my hips to move my cock in and out of her gates of paradise. I also used my left hand to continue to stimulate her clit as we fucked and she went into what appeared to be a continuous orgasm, no massive explosions just constant pleasure measured by the constant gripping of her pussy every minute or so.

"I'm going to cum," I gasped.

Maartje just leaned over and kissed me as my cock spasmed into orgasm giving a whole new meaning to the term "wetting the babies head" to me.

With a sigh we withdrew slightly from each other.

"I shouldn't have let you do that," Maartje said. "But I needed it so."

"I shouldn't have taken advantage of you," I replied, "But I could see what your body wanted even so."

"Yes." She sighed. Then with a grin, "Don't suppose we could, do it again?"

"Soon as I'm able," I said with a grin too.

"Let me help." Maartje said and promptly moved to take me in her mouth. Within five minutes I was stiff again and with Maartje kneeling on the bed I took her from behind. Long pistoning strokes sliding into her as she moved her hips in time with them her constant moans of pleasure adding a wonderful chorus to be twang of the bedsprings until finally I came again filling her with my cum and collapsing on the bed next to her.

"We must get dressed," said Maartje, "No telling when they'll be back, don't think I'm not grateful, but perhaps we should not do this again." She sighed.

We disentangled from each other and dressed quickly, Maartje nipped off to the washrooms and I made my way back to our tent feeling rather bemused at my rather abrupt dismissal. Then again it was perhaps understandable; Maartje had a lot more to lose than I did.
Chapter 6
Home | Top | QM's Page |   Feedback to author


Open Yahoo! Axis application
Home | QM's Page « A New Beginning Index « Previous
Chapter 7
Posted: May 15, 2012 - 07:33:59 pm

Paula looked at me startled, then smiled, "Later ... perhaps. Now come and cheer everyone up by dancing with me."

Five minutes of energetic humiliation later I was really ready for a beer and left the dance floor to the cheers of the campsite.

"Dear Lord how do you always manage to persuade me to do that?" I asked Paula.

"You make me look so good is why," she replied with a cheeky grin. This is true, I can make anyone look good on the dancefloor, it's not that I have two left feet, it's more like Jake the Peg, three left feet and an utter lack of co-ordination or rhythm. "You make up for it in other ways though bro," she said.

By now it was getting late and as we planned a trip to Auray the following morning we said our goodbyes and left for the tent.

The kids rapidly settled down and Paula turned to me and said casually, "I think I'll grab a shower, just to freshen up."

"Good idea," I replied, "Might do the same.

Quickly grabbing our towels and toiletries we headed off to one of the quieter washrooms, holding hands and trying not to run.

The male block was empty so we quickly got into one of the larger booths turned the water onto hot and undressed. Stepping under the spray with Paula I kissed her and started to soap her carefully all over as she did likewise with me. I loved the way her nipples sprang to life at the softest touch and the soft gasps she gave when I rubbed my soap covered palms over them. She also took delight in getting my cock all nice, soapy and more importantly stiff as I ran the soap over her shaven pussy. Sensitive as Paula was to her pussy being caressed it did not take long for an orgasm to overtake her, I had to wrap an arm around her hips as the strength of it almost took her to her knees such was the intensity. This was the part I never ever got about her and Kevin, Paula was so sensitive that the lightest touch should have given her pleasure, yet somehow for all it was nice with him, it just didn't click.

Turning Paula to face the wall I parted her legs slightly and positioned myself to take her, slight traces of blood ran down her legs in the hot water, but I no longer cared, I wanted this woman so badly. With one firm thrust I penetrated deep within her, Paula cried out in pleasure and desire as a deep felt need within her was satisfied for the now. Her two arms pressed against the wall to support her petite body as my own arms pressed next to them and I hammered home my lust and desire into her willing and responsive body, again and again she cried out in pleasure as my orgasm was delayed by my days activities until finally I erupted within her to fill her womb with more of my cum.

"Oh God Dave," she sighed as we cleaned ourselves down, "Just when I can't believe it can get any better it does. I don't know how I'll manage without regular top ups once we're home."

"Best bet is to buy a vibrator and use your imagination, at least till you can visit," I said.

"Good idea oh wise bro," she replied.

With that and feeling refreshed we returned to the dark tent and settled in cuddling each other till sleep took us.

We were up early the following day and quickly sorted the chores out, I met Mary and Yvonne at the washing up stalls and bade them a cheery good morning.

"Morning Dave," they chorused. Then Mary astonished me by stepping close and kissing my cheek. Yvonne though just smiled, then said, "If you have the time, I wouldn't mind sampling your talent too."

I looked at Mary, but she just smiled and said "We don't keep secrets from each other, besides Yvonne covered for us last night so I owe her."

"Well," I said, "I'm sure that an opportunity will arise at some stage and I'm sure you ladies can keep your fella's from suspecting anything.

"Been doing it for years," They chorused.

Auray is a lovely old town with a rebuilt medieval centre down by the river lots of small artsy shops and bistro's. We picked up several souvenirs of the Breton region and I sneakily got Paula and Kerry a pair of triskele ear rings and Martin a triskele pendant. I didn't mention to Paula that her slightly smaller ear rings were solid antique gold, I figured she's go mental if she knew how much I paid, but as she hasn't much in the way of jewellery it was a price worth paying. Both ladies were delighted with their gifts though as was Martin and we spent the rest of the day simply having fun.

Back at the campsite it was barbecue time and we piled charcoal into the bed and scorched ourselves slightly as we attempted to light it, I drew the line at Martin's plea to use petrol, I like my eyebrows and hair where they are. We all sat around eating a combination of kebabs, merguez sausages (spiced mutton) and steak hache (burgers) in buns with salad dressings and enjoyed a cold beer, even the kids, we figured that it wouldn't hurt and would teach them a little responsibility.

Then as ever it was time to wander over to the bar to watch a local band perform.

When we got there we waved to Mary, Yvonne and families and I also spoke to Maartje.

"I'm sorry I was so rude yesterday," she said quietly, "I felt so guilty at having enjoyed myself so much."

"That's ok," I replied, "I figured it was something like that."

"Still friends then?" she asked?

"Still friends." I replied with a smile.

"So if I need a massage again???" She asked.

"Just ask, I'll pop around." I replied.

We sat down to watch the entertainment which was borderline good, if occasionally weird, what the French enjoy musicwise is not always the same as the Brits or USA.

During a break I wandered outside leaving Paula to negotiate a ceasefire between Kerry and Martin on best bands, apparently Krisztina had broadened his horizons somewhat and Kerry's normal sis knows all attitude wasn't working so well this time.

"Hi Dave," Came a voice from behind me, it was Mary, though she had Yvonne, Chrissy and George in tow. We were just taking the kids back to settle them for the night, though I think Yvonne wants a bit more entertainment." She said with a wink.

"Will take five minutes to settle them and I'll be back." Said Yvonne, "Assuming I don't get delayed." She said with a glance over towards the washroom where Mary and I had consummated our lust last night.

"Catch you soon then Yvonne," I said with a smile. "Night kids."

"Night Dave"

Five minutes later Yvonne strolled around the corner of the washroom with a broad grin on her face. "Fancy seeing you here Dave," she said with a giggle.

It was with a feeling of déjà vu for me that we slipped into the large disabled cubicle and immediately plastered our bodies against one another in a passionate kiss and embrace.

Yvonne and Mary were very similar in appearance though Yvonne's hair was shorter, still with a natural tight perm though. And I ran my fingers through it as Yvonne ran her hands over my body finally reaching my groin and my engorged cock.

"Oh yes." She breathed, "That's just what I need."

I slid my hands under her top to caress her breasts over her bra and kissed her neck making her shiver in delight. Her hands had found the drawstring to my shorts and untied it enough to slide her hand down to place her soft fingers around my aching cock. I slid my hand under the elastic of her shorts and into her panties and used my fingers to caress her well trimmed pussy holding her steady as her knees buckled slightly with the pleasure she took from my ministrations. She raised her hands to take my top off and I did the same for her also unclipping her bra to reveal two lovely if small breasts topped with pink nipples. I leaned down to suckle one after the other cupping them gently in the palm of my hand as Yvonne's hands returned to my shorts and slipped them down over my straining cock giving a giggle when it snapped back upright. Moving away from me she bent down and took my cock into her mouth and kept going until it was all in there before drawing back to start again, her hand cupping and squeezing my balls as I gasped in pleasure at her talented tongue and lips. After five minutes of sheer pleasure though I decided it was time to reciprocate and leaning her back against the pedestal I drew down her shorts and pants to bury my face into her pussy. The result was electric as she gave a small scream and almost asphyxiated me by clamping my mouth to her pussy as she shuddered to an intense orgasm, utterly unlike her sisters.

"Ohh, that was so good." she crooned, "No wonder Mary liked you."

We were interrupted then by someone else coming into the washroom to use the toilets, though I took the opportunity to get my breath back. After a few minutes though the stranger left and I sat down on the cold floor and Yvonne knelt over me to slip my cock into her waiting pussy. Using the sitting position to control her pleasure she proceeded to tightly squeeze my cock with her internal muscles whilst grinding her clit against my groin all the time giving little "yips" of delight as her pussy spasmed into orgasm after orgasm. Finally though I reached my peak and holding her hips tightly I came deep within her.

"Oh my, you wonderful man." Yvonne breathed in my ear as we disentangled. "I have got to have more of that and soon."

We quickly tidied up and I made my way back to the bar and stood with a crowd of other campers at the back and watched the act perform till they took a break again and the lights came on, whereupon I rejoined Paula and the kids.

"Took your time at the bar." Said Paula.

I can only take so many Gloria Gaynor impressions of 'I can survive' in one holiday" I said with a grin. "Got chatting to our neighbours again too."

"Next time you can referee these two" said Paula with a grin "And I'll prop up the bar."

"You were doing so well." I said as she blew a raspberry at me. "They're still alive so it has to go down as a success." They all laughed at that.

The rest of the night passed quietly and we went back to the tent all feeling tired after a long day.

Paula and I drifted off to sleep in each others arms after a few tender kisses wondering what tomorrow might bring.
Chapter 8
Home | Top | QM's Page |   Feedback to author


Open Yahoo! Axis application
Home | QM's Page « A New Beginning Index « Previous
Chapter 8
Posted: May 20, 2012 - 08:12:06 am

We decided as the weather was so nice to go down to one of the local beaches the following day and took Krisztina with us. We found a lovely isolated spot and set up some blankets, Paula, Kerry and Krisztina sporting bikini's and Martin and I in shorts. We did the usual splashing about, had a few fun fights then settled down to sunbathe for a while. I asked if anyone wanted ice-creams and got a chorus of 'yes' from all save Martin who appeared to have dropped off. Krisztina offered to help me carry them. As we wandered off to the vendor Krisztina asked "Do you like me?"

"Well yes," I answered, "Why do you ask?"

"Martin thinks you have an eye for the ladies, but you've never looked at me." She said.

"You're very lovely," I said, "But also only just fifteen and hence far too young for me to be interested in, besides I do not want to go to prison." I laughed, though I wasn't entirely sure of the age of consent in France, I doubt it would go well for me though.

"I wouldn't tell," Krisztina said coyly.

"I thought you liked Martin?" I said desperately wanting to change the conversation or be elsewhere, anywhere...

"I do, but I don't think he would be good for a first time, he's a little young, though very nice too." She answered with a little smile.

"What makes you think I would?" I asked getting a sinking feeling in my stomach and a tingling feeling in my groin.

We stopped to buy the ice-creams at that stage so the conversation ceased, for a while as I struggled with my basic French versus a very thick accent. Eventually though on the way back Krisztina raised the subject again. "I think you would be nice to me and not just how you say wham bam."

"Well no," I said, "I wouldn't, but I don't see how we could even find a time or place, assuming of course I'd want too."

"You want," said Krisztina glancing down.

Damn I thought, betrayed by my second brain ... again.

Fortunately my state of arousal wasn't noticed by the rest of the family and a quick dip in the sea got him back under control. My life seemed to be rapidly spinning out of control at the moment, Paula and all the implications that relationship implied legally and otherwise plus my dalliances with several married ladies around the campsite was a recipe for disaster if I wasn't very, very careful, now Krisztina wanting her cherry popped at the tender age of fifteen meant I could be heading into very troubled waters indeed, though with a sinking feeling I was already knew that I'd find her impossible to resist if the opportunity arose.

The rest of the afternoon passed peacefully enough with bathing in the sea to cool off between sun sessions and the fun of smothering Paula in sun cream and having to lie on my stomach to hide my erection afterwards.

Back at the tent though it was obvious that Paula, Kerry and Martin had overdone it with the sun and were turning as red as cooked lobsters. I had to hurry into town to pick up some aftersun and a small fan to try and cool them off. Fortunately Paula had packed painkillers, but I suspected they were all in for a very uncomfortable night. Krisztina and I were ok, our skin types seem to have shrugged off the effects and she left to go back to her tent as I took over the cooking and care.

After doing the washing up I went for a wander as the rest of the family tried to get some rest. Mary and Yvonne's families were still out and about somewhere so it was quiet around the tent so I hoped Paula, Kerry and Martin could rest easy. On my travels I ran into Maartje, she was obviously heading for a shower. "Hi," I said, "Out tonight?"

"Yes," she said, "Gus and I are going to a restaurant."

"No Krisztina?" I asked with a sinking feeling in the pit of my stomach.

"No," Maartje replied, "I get reps to check on her."

"That's ok then," I said feeling relieved.

Maartje then smiled at me and asked if I'd perhaps care to assist her aching muscles with a massage before she had a shower. Well what's a gentleman to do when asked a favour by a lady?

We slipped into one of the washrooms after Maartje checked that the coast was clear and we kissed passionately before I turned her and began to rub her shoulders. Maartje sighed in contentment and arched her backside into my groin to rub up against my cock. She then reached back to take a hold of me rubbing lightly as my fingers relaxed her muscles. I then slid my hands under her top to squeeze her breasts making her gasp, "They are tender today, but that feels good too." She moaned. I continued to fondle her for a few minutes before slipping my hands down to lower her leggings and panties. Maartje carefully stepped out of them before brushing back into my groin, "So good a feeling, to be wanted" she sighed. I slid my fingers down under the bulge of her pregnancy to tease her pussy elicitating another gasp of pleasure from Maartje "My lovely, lovely Englishman how I love what you do for me..." Her moans increased as I found her centre of pleasure until with an almost unladylike grunt she came with a splash of pussy juices into my palm. At this point I dropped my shorts and coated my cock with her offering and positioned myself for the main act. Slowly, oh so slowly I pushed into Maartje's pussy until she had my full length enveloped, "Oh yes." Maartje crooned as the pleasure of our illicit coupling overtook her and I thrust in and out of her delightful tunnel of love. "Yes, yes, yes she moaned softly as finally our mutual pleasure spilled over into orgasm and I covered her inner pussy with my seed.

"You are a nice man to me." Maartje said as we hugged each other before parting. "I wish we live in England near you."

"Our paths may yet cross again," I said. "You never know what the future holds."

"True," she replied, "But now I must shower and enjoy my night out,"

We parted with a soft kiss and a careful scan of the area for prying eyes.

Back at the tent the light buzz of sleeping people meant I was forced to turn away and head for the bar.

It was about an hour later that I observed Maartje and Gus' car leave the campsite, I gave them a cheery wave as they left and Maartje at least responded.

I then settled down for a long evening, I don't like drinking alone, but all my "friends" were either asleep or out.

Then I saw Krisztina approaching out of the corner of my eye and thought 'hell no.'
Chapter 9
Home | Top | QM's Page |   Feedback to author


Open Yahoo! Axis application
Home | QM's Page « A New Beginning Index « Previous
Chapter 9
Posted: May 21, 2012 - 09:03:24 am

"Hello Dave," Krisztina said with a cheery smile. She was dressed in a loose fitting top with tight legging that showed her teenage charms off magnificently without looking tarty.

"Hi Krisztina," I replied, "Aren't the reps supposed to be looking after you?"

"Yes," she replied, "But I tell them I stay with Paula and Kerry and they say ok."

Trusting lot our reps I thought, but then again they knew that Krisztina knew our family, so at face value she'd probably get away with it. "Well," I said, "That was a bit naughty of you, suppose they check?"

"They too busy with other kids," replied Krisztina "Besides so long as I'm in my tent before ten when they do their rounds no problem."

I gulped and looked away, I must be mad because this little teen was affecting my sanity, she must be, because I was seriously considering being her first, chance of prison or no...

"You want to fuck me?" Krisztina asked, bluntly.

"Yes," I said, "But it's very, very dangerous for me; if I'm caught I could end up a long time in jail."

"I told you," she replied, "I not tell anyone."

"It's not you I'm worried about I said, if anyone notices, I'm in big trouble."

"There's a gap in the border around our tent at the back, come through there and in by the awning, " she said, "I'll be waiting."

Krisztina was right, there was a narrow gap at the back of the bay that allowed me to slip unnoticed into her tent. She flew into my arms and kissed me deeply, "I hoped you'd come." She said joyfully.

I kissed her in return, "You sure about this?" I asked.

"Oh yes," she replied, "I want to be a woman, not a girl."

We went into the other bedroom from the one Maartje and I had sated our lust in and I slipped off my sandals before laying Krisztina down on the bed and lying next to her. More kissed followed and I delicately traced the outlines of her body through her top with my fingers. "Mmm," she purred, "That's so nice,"

I slid my tongue into her mouth and we mutually entwined our bodies in a passionate embrace. Slipping our hands under each others tops and enjoying the tactile feel of bare skin with our fingertips. Eventually I slipped Krisztina's top off and unclipped her bra to expose her beautiful breasts. Firm perky and a perfect handful they were an absolute joy to fondle and kiss. Krisztina softly moaned in pleasure as I took full advantage of her exposed flesh, gently nibbling and sucking at her sensitive nipples and making them stand proudly up from the aureola surrounding them. I then slipped my own top off and cuddled her softly whilst kissing her neck and throat again eliciting soft moans of pleasure. Lying her down flat I then removed her leggings and pants exposing her muff to the gaze of an adult male for the first time. Neatly trimmed but with pronounced lips it looked good enough to eat and so I slid down to bury my tongue in its luxuriant depths. Krisztina gave a cry of delight as I found her pronounced clitoris and proceeded to suck it gently as I moved my index finger to probe the entrance to her pussy. She gave a little squeak as I slid the first inch into her, so very tight, but so very wet and welcoming too.

"Ohhh," she throatily cried, "I want, I so want..."

Lying flat I slipped out of my shorts and told Krisztina to get on top, this she did, straddling me with her short but shapely legs, her breasts shown off to perfection in the pose. "Now," I said, "Take my cock and position it at the entrance to your pussy." This she did carefully though it took a few attempts to get it positioned right. "Ok," I said, "Push down carefully, you're in control so go as slow or as fast as you want, but I suggest you take it easy."

"Ok," she gasped as the slowly bore down on my cock.

The sensation was exquisite for me as Krisztina slowly slid my cock past an initial resistance but aided by the copious lubrication from her pussy until I was fully engorged within her incredibly tight but pliant pussy.

"Ohhhh!" she cried out in wonder, "That feels so, so ... right like a missing part is back in place."

"Now just move your body to savour the feeling," I said, sliding a finger down to gently stroke her clit. Slowly moving up and down on my cock Krisztina followed my instructions until gradually speeding up till her hips were thrusting hard and fast against my pelvis. I kept the pressure on her clit and tried to think of anything other than the wonderful sensation of tight teen pussy wrapped around my hard cock. Until almost out of nowhere Krisztina stiffened, her jaw dropped and an astonished high pitched squeak broke from her throat as her already tight pussy clasped my cock in an almost vice like grip. She held the pose for almost thirty seconds before collapsing on top of me sobbing in her native tongue in what I hoped was pleasure. I kissed her softly, "I hope it was good," I whispered.

"Oh yes," she replied, "I did not know, but now I am a woman."

I turned her over and prepared to mount her missionary style, "You won't let me get pregnant will you?" she said with a quaver.

Now she's worried I thought. "I can't get you pregnant I said; I had an operation to prevent it."

"Good," she said, "I wanted this, but thought you'd use condoms."

"I don't need to," I replied, "But if you enjoy others, you'll need them unless you can get on the pill, even then it's a good idea at first."

I slid into her tight pussy at that and enjoyed the sensations and feel of her gorgeous young body as she responded to every thrust until at last with a gasp I blasted my cum into her virgin pussy.

We snuggled together and Krisztina said "You were wonderful Dave, thank you."

"You were wonderful too Krisztina." I replied, "Didn't hurt too much did it?"

"No, it was uncomfortable at first, but so nice too," she replied. "Can ... Can you go again?"

"As soon as I'm able," I replied, "You can help there, by taking me in your mouth,"

Krisztina smiled at me and went down to suck in my cock, not the most expert of course, but enthusiastic and she'd get a lot better with practice. When I was stiff I turned her over and slid my cock into her doggy style and watched her take pleasure from the deeper penetration until I had her gasping in pleasure, I then turned her over again placed her legs at my shoulders and slid into her to complete my pleasure of her, she didn't orgasm, but it was obvious she was having the time of her life. Finally I blew another load into her welcoming pussy and collapsed beside her.

"If you aren't sure about giving yourself to a guy, a blow job is always a good option," I said. "Often good the before sex too, they sometimes get a bit excited and cum too soon."

"I like it in me so much though," she replied. "But I remember that."

"Then find a nice young man you trust," I said.

"I think I let Martin have me next," she said with a sly smile.

"He's a good lad and will appreciate you immensely," I said smiling back. Then I reached down to grab my wallet from my shorts and took out my 'emergency needs must kit', a pack of 3 condoms, based more around the maxim 'It's best to have some and not need them, than need them and not have some.'

I handed them over to her and said, "Use them with my blessing, for Martin."

"Thank you Dave" she replied and kissed me deeply with tears in her eyes.

"I'd better go now," I said, "Your minders or parents will be here soon,"

"Yes," she said "And thank you again, I wont ever forget you."

"Nor I you, you were my first virgin too," I replied.

With a last parting kiss I slipped out of the tent, we've never repeated our coupling, though the occasional look told me the desire was there.

Back at the tent all was in darkness, though Mary and Yvonne were back next door, or somebody was, though no-one came out. I slipped in and grabbed a beer and sat outside musing at the days activities. Lisa one of the reps walked past and asked if Krisztina was there, I replied, "No I escorted back to her own tent an hour ago at least."

"Oh good," Lisa replied.

"Fancy a beer?" I asked.

"Give me five minutes to check on Krisztina then sure," she replied.

I got a beer out and waited, Lisa was back within a minute, "Sleeping soundly," she said.

"Good," I said, "She's a nice kid."

We talked for a while about the weather, the campsite and the local towns and Lisa mentioned how boring things got even though the other reps and most of the campers were nice.

"No romance?" I asked.

Lisa laughed, "No the guys would rather nail the odd camper and play the field in Trinite, than limit their options over the length of the job."

"Frustrating," I said.

"Tell me about it," she said with a smile. "Though I have a boyfriend waiting for me back home."

She was a nice looking girl, about mid twenties and large, not fat but statuesque, almost powerful, large thigh muscles and a big bum with a small bust and narrow shoulders, but a lovely soft mouth and piercing blue eyes.

"I'd better go now," she said, "Day off tomorrow, will probably go to Carnac and sort out my mail."

"Catch you later," I replied by way of farewell, before slipping into the tent and my sleeping bag next to my lovely sister only to dream of mother and daughter couplings and a smiling face with piercing blue eyes...
Chapter 10
Home | Top | QM's Page |   Feedback to author


Home | QM's Page « A New Beginning Index « Previous
Chapter 10
Posted: May 21, 2012 - 01:06:19 pm

I awoke the following morning to the most wonderful sensation of Paula giving me oral sex. Glancing up, she whispered "Morning bro," before sliding her lips over the tip and down the shaft whilst using her hand to manipulate me into cumming. It didn't take long either before ropes of my cum blasted into the back of Paula's throat and with a final flourish of running her tongue over the tip she pulled back and spat out my seed into a tissue. "Sorry, bro, love doing it, don't like the taste or texture," she said by way of explanation.

I leaned over to kiss her carefully, not touching her almost red raw skin. "Someone's going to have to remain covered over today I said."

"Yes," she replied with a frown, "Showering will be fun too. Who were you chatting too last night?" she asked.

"Lisa, one of the reps, she was doing her childminder round," I replied.

"The big one?" Paula asked.

"Yes," I replied, "She's very nice too."

"Thinking of hitting on her?" Paula asked with a twinkle in her eye.

"Not really," I replied, "Depends on circumstances and sunburn." I said with a wink.

"I'm not the jealous type Dave," Paula said with a smile. "Besides if you don't try and hit on someone, people will wonder if you're gay, I'm your sis and not supposed to be in the running." She giggled.

"Careful," I mused, "You might get a spanking for thoughts like that."

Paula shuddered, "Never saw the point of that, just seems like painful..."

"Me either," I replied.

It took a while before we got everyone going, poor Kerry was in a worse condition than her mum and hobbled out to the washrooms for a very cool shower. Martin wasn't too bad, just his shoulders and they were browning up fast.

"Krisztina asked after you last night," I said. "You should pop in and say hi, she was worried about you."

Martin thanked me and went off to shower, hopefully he'd have a wonderful experience later on today, though I doubt he'd ever find out how or why it came about ... Or who was there first for that matter.

I waved hi to Mary and Yvonne as I went past, they looked at me with hungry eyes and cheerful grins. After cleaning up from breakfast, both Paula and Kerry clad only in sarongs and bikini tops announced they were staying put till at least the pain settled down. Paula suggested with a twinkle in her eyes that I drive down to Carnac and get some beers, sangria and barbecue stuff from the local U-Marche. "You never know," she said, "You might meet someone nice."

I rolled my eyes and set out, waving to Martin and Krisztina as I drove past, I also noticed that Gus' car was missing and hoped they'd have fun.

About a mile up the road I noticed Lisa plodding along looking rather annoyed, hot and bothered. Slowing down I called "Need a lift?"

She hurried up and got in the car, "Thanks Dave, the bastard male reps 'borrowed' and trashed our moped last night."

"Can they fix it?" I replied.

"Yes," she sighed, "But will need a new suspension rod, which they're paying for or they're dead meat! This is a nice car," She said admiring the Audi A4.

"It's Paula's husbands" I replied "It's a business statement, but very comfy. I drive a Hyundai 4 x 4 at home, cheep, cheerful and comfy too."

I did notice that the air con was having a fascinating effect on Lisa's breasts though, before concentrating on the road ahead. I also noticed Lisa noticing me taking notice too and the slight smile when she did.

I dropped Lisa off in the town before heading out to the U-Marche after soliciting an acceptance to buy her lunch later on. Having loaded up with enough vittles to sink a small trawler, I returned to Carnac and the Ch'ti bar where Lisa had promised to meet me. After half an hour she strolled in looking a lot happier and more relaxed.

"Hiya," she called.

"Hello Lisa," I replied.

We ordered lunch, I insisted on paying, I knew the reps get an allowance, but it isn't massive, I also made sure she didn't stint on it either until we were both stuffed. We also enjoyed a good chat with a lot of funny banter about our lives till at last we'd finished.

"Oh that was good of you kind sir," she playfully said.

"My pleasure," I replied.

Then leaning forward she looked right into my eyes, licked her lips and said, "Now how can I reward you?"

I laughed, "I'm sure you'll think of something."

"I have," she replied and kissed me.

Lisa suggested a drive to a local secluded beauty spot and ran her hand up and down my thigh during the short drive. Once there I grabbed a picnic blanket and we strolled hand in hand into some dense woodland until out of sight in a small hidden clearing we put the blanket on the ground sat upon it and kissed deeply.

"I don't normally do this," said Lisa, "But I was getting so horny even Anna (the other rep) was starting to look good."

"Not into girl on girl?" I asked.

"You into men?" she replied.

I shook my head.

"Same thing for most girls, though I have to admit Anna has nice boobs." She replied.

"Yours are nice too," I said.

She laughed "Too small, most guys just look at my arse."

"That's nice too." I laughed.

"Handy padding," said Lisa with a wink, "comes in useful at times."

We kissed some more and I slid one of my hands under her shirt and bra to tweak her nipple, she shuddered with delight and responded by sliding her own hands under my shirt to caress and stroke my upper body. I started popping the buttons on her shirt to expose her small yet lovely breasts and slipped it off over her shoulders swiftly followed by her bra. Two cone shaped breasts sprang into view, small but sensitive and she gasped in delight as I kissed and nibbled at them. She slipped my tee shirt off over my shoulders and then slid a hand down my shorts.

"Ooh yes, just what I need." She whispered softly in my ear.

I smiled and undid the top button on her jeans and teased the zip down to expose a lovely set of yellow panties covering a pronounced mound. With a bit of a struggle I slid her jeans and pants off, they were very tight and form fitting to reveal a sparsely down covered pussy with two chunk well muscled thighs to either side.

"Let's see what you've got Dave." She said with a grin.

I swiftly dropped my shorts and pants and my cock stood to attention for her.

"Yummy." she said with a smile, "Now lie down whilst I give him a close look." She giggled.

"Only if I can inspect you too," I said.

"Oh yes please." She replied.

I laid flat on the blanket and Lisa scooted over the top of me to kiss my cock before sucking it down twirling her tongue over the tip and shaft. I reached up to place my hands on her wide hips and drew her pussy down to my waiting tongue and lips, seeking out her clitoris and probing it with the tip of my tongue seeking out those sensitive erogenous zones that hopefully would turn this from fun into fantastic. It was obvious I was having an effect on Lisa as she ministered to me occasional gasps and groans of pleasure echoed each action of my tongue. Finally I slid an index finger into her moist pussy to elicit the response I'd hoped for and Lisa came with a shuddering gasp.

"Oh I needed that so much." She confessed. "I tried to be good, but what's a girl to do when she likes to fuck so much."

"Be discreet and very careful," I replied.

"True," she replied with a sunny grin, "Can he do anything else?"

"Thought, you'd never ask." I grinned in reply.

Lisa turned over onto her knees and presented her lovely arse to me, I swiftly moved behind her and after sliding my cock up and down in her moist slit and hearing her moan in frustration I thrust my length fully into her. The moans turned from frustration to pleasure as my balls slapped rhythmically against her mound only for her mobile phone to go off. I slowed, but Lisa just reached out to clasp the phone to here ear and motioned for me to keep going. I couldn't hear the replies she got but it was a fairly surreal situation, yet quite erotic in its own way.

"Hi Tommy."

(Vague noises from the ear piece)

"Yes, I'm fine."

(Quiet gasp from Lisa)

"No, no, just had to walk into Carnac as the bike was broke, the exercise will do me good"

(A wink at me and more vague noises from the phone)

"Yes, I miss you too; it's not easy being apart."

(Soft groan)

"Just traffic weaving in and out."

(More vague noises)

"Keeping busy and something will 'come up' to take my mind off my frustration at not being with you I'm sure."

(Vague noises)

"No, nothing has gotten on top of me yet."

(Vague noise)

"Yes, I love you, speak later, bye"

Just as she clicked off the phone she gave a loud gasp and pushed back hard into me as an orgasm overtook her, I took this as my cue to pound away hard until with us both gasping in pleasure I blasted my cum into her willing pussy in three hard spurts.

We both collapsed onto the blanket and burst out laughing.

"You naughty, naughty girl." I said.

"I know," she replied, "But I doubt he's being a saint either and I never lied to him exactly, something did 'come up' and you haven't gotten on top of me yet." She said grinning madly. "Speaking of which..."

Lisa proceeded to go down on me to prepare my cock for our next session whilst I fingered her soft wet pussy. When I was ready she lay flat parted her legs and said, "Time for things to get on top of me." She said.

I quickly moved to mount her and slid inside and proceeded to thrust deeply into her as she enthusiastically thrust powerfully back at me. Her moans and groans reached a crescendo as she very quickly came again.

"Oh lordy, lordy that was good," she cried out, "You're just the medicine my body needs."

I continued to pound her mercilessly and she took a great deal of pleasure from this, one orgasm spilling over into another until at last she gasped. "Can I get my breath back..."

I slid off her as her chest heaved doing some very interesting things to her breasts.

"God you're so good to a damsel in distress." She smiled at me, "But we need to finish you off."

She turned on her side and I snuggled up behind her, she then took my still rigid cock and guided me towards her pussy only to slick the tip and then put it at the entrance to her anal passage.

"Be gentle." She whispered, "But enjoy, I don't just allow anyone in there."

I slowly pushed forward, stopping occasionally to allow Lisa to get used to my entrance, she was so hot and tight there I thought I was never going to manage, but eventually my full length was snugly ensconced in her back passage. I started to move gently in and out whilst slipping my fingers over her pussy to pleasure her, her gasps and moans became intense in quantity and she gave a loud scream of pleasure as an intense orgasm rolled over her just as my own sent spurt after spurt of cum into her tight anal passage. Rolling back my cock slid out with an audible 'pop' and Lisa turned and kissed me deeply.

"You wonderful man, Dave." She said, "I hope you can be discreet though, we're not supposed to fuck the campers."

"No-one but us will know." I replied

"Good," she said, "But if I need a top up?"

"You know where I am," I replied.

We dressed and made our way back to the car and I dropped Lisa off at the campsite. We parted with a hug and she made her way to the washrooms to freshen up ... so to speak.

Back at the Tent, Paula was sitting in the shade outside, the extreme redness of her sunburn had faded and she looked a lot happier. I dropped off the booze I'd bought and sat next to her handing her a cold beer.

"Had a nice time?" she asked.

"Not bad," I said, "Met Lisa and bought her lunch."

"Anything else?" she asked with a sly grin.

"Nothing a gentleman would talk about," I replied with a grin of my own.

She punched me gently on the arm "Good man," she said and leaned over to kiss my cheek.

"How's Kerry?" I asked.

"Sore," she replied, "But having a nap. I haven't seen hide nor hair of Martin all day."

"He'll be with Krisztina," I said, "He really likes her."

"I know," she replied, "Young love, the first time is always fun."

"Not been bored have you?" I asked.

"No," she replied, "Had a chat with Mary and Yvonne, then read for a while in the shade, it was just nice to relax. Oh Kevin called, he's glad we're having a good time and is glad you're taking good care of me." She added with a wink. "He also spoke to Kerry, I think it was to make sure I wasn't with anyone else," she sighed.

"He just has issues," I said.

"I know," she replied, "But I'll work around them."

"I'll help," I replied.

"Good." She grinned at me. "My periods nearly over too, so save your strength."

"Your wish is my command my mistress," I replied.

"Better be," she laughed, now if you'll excuse me I'm going to grab a nap myself.

Paula wandered into the tent and I sat in the sun and though how good life was. I glanced up and saw Mary peeping at me through the border, I waved and she waved back and crooked her finger at me whilst placing another finger to her lips.

I wandered over to the other side of the border and said "Hi," quietly.

Mary smiled reached up to kiss me and said "Hi, you have a few minutes?"

"Yes," I replied, "What's up?"

"Nothing yet," said Mary with a cheeky grin and holding my hand lead me into her tent. Once inside it was obvious no-one was around, the cars were gone and Mary had somehow contrived to be left. She drew me close and kissed me passionately. "Fuck me good and hard Dave," she whispered.

Her words had me responding in all sorts of manner and I responded to her kisses with my own, sliding my tongue into her mouth and boxed gently with her own tongue to each other mutual delight. We slipped into one of the bedrooms and frantically undressed until we were both naked my cock straining upright and Mary looking younger than her years all soft and very feminine. We slipped quietly onto the bed and without foreplay I mounted her and thrust home hard, so wet was she in anticipation. She gasped and grinned at me then whispered "I've been wanting this for too long."

Fortunately the bed was a lot quieter than the one Paula and I had though we still had to keep the noise down. Still I was able to pound her pussy vigorously my cock sawing in and out of her heart shaped muff to her evident delight as her legs crossed over my thighs and moved ever higher to try and get as much of my cock in her as possible.

I'm also glad Lisa had drained me earlier as Mary's pussy felt absolutely divine to be in.and control was always going to be a problem in there.

Mary herself was having the time of her life it appeared, if the soft gasps and moans were anything to go by. She clearly was a lady who knew what she wanted and how to get there.

"Harder, harder" she moaned in my ear, "Oh yes, yes, yes." As another orgasm hit.

Finally my cock exploded into her depths filling her with my pleasure and desire.

"Oh yes, my lovely man," she crooned as we lay side by side. "I knew you were a bit special when I clapped eyes on you and I'm rarely wrong."

"Takes two," I said.

"True," she replied with a grin, "But now you'd better head back whist I hide the evidence."

Back at the tent, it was obvious I hadn't been missed, though five minutes later Martin and Krisztina wandered by. Martin looking slightly like an animal caught in the headlights of an approaching car and Krisztina looking very smug. She blushed slightly at my wink and nodded as they joined me.

"Had a nice day?" I asked.

Krisztina replied, "Oh yes, we spent some time exploring."

"Good," I replied, "Nothing like discovering somewhere new to go."

Martin had gone rather red at this, so showing mercy I offered them a coke.

We chatted quietly for a while till Kerry emerged, still looking very red and sore. She smiled at us and I gave her a very gentle hug, "It will get better," I said and she nodded and joined us round the table with a snaffled coke from the fridge.

As the sun had gone behind some clouds I suggested we go to the pool for a dip in the cool (ish) water there. This was agreed and we crept quietly into the tent to grab our gear. Paula however was awake and agreed to come too so as a family along with Krisztina we wandered up to the small pool and enjoyed a quiet hour with intermittent water fights as everyone cooled off after the days activities. As ever I had to stay in water over my waist as 3 delectable ladies crowded me and manhandled me in the various fights. I'm pretty sure Paula had a damned good fondle, possibly Krisztina and for a moment I thought Kerry might just have grabbed a handful, but surely I was mistaken.

Afterwards all cooled down we wandered back to our tents and had a light dinner before wandering up to the bar for karaoke night.It was a great night and a very good laugh as a lot of campers decided that it would be fun to have a go. Paula did a very creditable Blondie 'Heart of glass.' Kerry a good Cyndi Lauper 'Girls just wanna have fun' Martin and Krisztina a brilliant Arcade Fire 'Wake up' and I proceeded to bring the house down with my version of Elvis' "Burnin love" the rude version complete with Elvis hip action. I might not be able to dance, but by God I can karaoke with the best of them. I left the stage to a standing ovation and a load of campers with tears in their eyes from laughter. I caught the eyes of Paula, Mary, Yvonne, Lisa Krisztina and Maartje and saw the broad knowing grins on their faces.

We settled down for the rest of the night to watch the rest of the acts and applauded like mad and roared with laughter at the amateur entertainment.

I wandered outside for a while to enjoy the cool evening air, soon enough I was joined by Yvonne. "Hear you and my sis got it on again." She said.

"Yes, just a quickie," I replied.

"She was having trouble walking such was the pounding you gave her," grinned Yvonne

"She asked for it good and hard, so I gave it," I replied with a smile.

"You certainly did," giggled Yvonne, "She could barely sit down tonight. So ... Still got some energy left?" She asked with a twinkle in her eye.

"If we're quick," I replied.

We strolled quickly to the washrooms and slipped into the gents disabled loo, the ladies one being noisily occupied by another couple. Inside Yvonne swiftly removed her panties and I dropped my shorts and we kissed I slid my hand down to her pussy and she was very wet and very ready, lifting her up I lowered her onto my cock feeling the deep heat of her desire slowly enveloping my length. Placing her back to the booth wall I started to thrust hard and deep into her as she gasped out her pleasure in a continuous 'fuck, fuck, fuck, that's so good! So good!' Didn't take us long, barely five minutes but Yvonne just pulled me close as she orgasmed with a muffled squeak and I in turn emptied my balls into her with a muffled groan.

"Christ Dave," she gasped, "That was fucking amazing!"

We kissed and parted quickly back to the bar, listening with a grin on our faces to the other couple still hammering away. I joined Paula and the kids back at the table to watch the last of the acts and then we wandered back in the darkness to the tent.

The kids slipped into their rooms and off into the land of nod whilst Paula and I sat outside in the darkest most private part of the bay and 'made out' as the saying goes.

We kissed and kissed our hands wandering all over each others body just enjoying the sheer sensuality of our mutual desire.

"I need a shower," gasped Paula.

"Me too," I replied with a grin.

We quietly grabbed our towels and toiletries and hurried off into the darkness to the remote washroom we'd used before. Slipping inside after making sure it was deserted we rapidly stripped off and began soaping each other down under the cool spray of the shower. Paula then went down on her knees to engulf my already stiff cock in her lovely mouth. Don't get me wrong, I'm no sexual dynamo, have never thought myself to be one either and normally I doubt I'd be able to rise to the occasion after fucking Yvonne so recently, but Paula just has an effect on me. Perhaps it's because she is so totally forbidden fruit coupled with a body that could stiffen up a eunuch, but whatever it is, she does it for me in spades.

As it is, I soon felt myself coming to the boil and gently stepped back and leaned down to passionately kiss her before sitting myself and drawing her into straddling my lap. Paula reached down to position my cock and gently lowered herself onto it with a deep sigh of contentment. Slowly raising and lowering herself in a leisurely fuck, the heat and tightness of her pussy just adding to our mutual pleasure. Gradually though she sped up and gave small uncontrolled mewls of desire deep in her throat until at last sensing my own ensuing orgasm she pressed down hard and screamed out her lust and desire in her own spectacular orgasm as once again my incestuous seed filled her womb.

"Wow bro," she breathed "that was something else."

I kissed her softly and said "You just bring out the best in me."

She smiled softly at me before returning the kiss. "Good," was all she said as we cleaned up and returned to the tent hand in hand.
Chapter 11
Home | Top | QM's Page |   Feedback to author
'


Home | QM's Page « A New Beginning Index « Previous
Chapter 11
Posted: May 22, 2012 - 01:55:57 pm

The following morning we set off on our travels to see the regional capital of Vannes and do some serious gift shopping. Paula was in very good spirits, her period was over and she intended for me to continue her education in the amorous arts ... as often as possible and we had six days left in which to try. After that, well, work and distance would add some barriers in our way, but I suspect we'd find a way to meet up (or should that be meat up) at least once a week when I was home. I also suspect Maggs has similar plans too.

We wandered around Vannes all day, having lunch down at the harbour, bought fresh fruit in the local markets and the ladies tried on all sorts of French chic clothing. Whilst they were trying on various bits and bobs Martin approached me and said "Uncle Dave?"

"Yes Martin?" I replied.

He hesitated and started to stammer out a question then turned beetroot red and just hung his head.

"You want me to get you some condoms?" I asked.

He looked totally shocked, then said quietly and in relief "Yes please, how did you know?"

"I was young myself once," I said "And I saw how you and Krisztina were acting, figured something was going on."

"Yes," he said, "Don't tell Mum please."

"No problem," I replied, "now hold the fort and if they ask tell them I went too the loo's."

Outside I swiftly located a pharmacie and was able to get several packs of condoms, hopefully enough to keep Martin and Krisztina out of trouble. I got back just in time to witness Paula modelling something short, sheer and very, very sexy, a classic little black number "What do you think of this?" she asked.

"Very nice sis, it suits you." I replied

"Not sure when I'd get to wear it though," she said with a frown, "But it does feel good."

Kerry then strolled out wearing the same outfit in fiery red and although no-one would ever mistake them as being anything other than mother and daughter, they both shone in their own way.

"Simply beautiful," I breathed and both blushed and beamed at me,

Martin just burst out "Wow!" and they both turned to beam at him too.

I"I think we'll wear these to Mums birthday bash," said Paula, "Be nice to put your Aunt Meg in the shade for once she said to a grinning Kerry.

Both ladies decided they were going to have the outfits and wandered off to change back into their every day clothes.

I handed the condom packs over to Martin, "Thanks," he said "Er Uncle Dave?"

"Uh huh?" I replied.

"I want to really please Krisztina, but I'm not sure how, I mean we've er ... done it and she sort of kissed me down there, but I want to do nice things for her too..." He tapered off.

I smiled at him, "Part of the fun is finding things out for yourself, but, a lot of ladies do like to be kissed on their pussy's too, there's a little button, just above where you put it in that if you run your tongue over it gives them a lot of fun too." I said to a furiously blushing Martin.

"Thanks," he mumbled and smiled shyly at me. "I sort of looked at porn, but it didn't seem real, but I had no-one to ask, Dad just told me not to bother him with stuff like that."

"Glad I could help," I replied as Paula and Kerry re-emerged from the changing rooms.

We set off back to the tent in good spirits having really enjoyed our day and decided to have a barbecue when we got there. Kerry and martin were throwing a Frisbee around trying to make each other dive or struggle to catch it without being too obvious. After we just sat around with cold drinks and chatted about nothing in particular, just putting the world to rights, we did notice a new car at the tent next to us on the opposite side to Mary and Yvonne's, but all was quiet. Finally we strolled up to the bar to enjoy the evening's entertainment, one of the local bands.

During a break I wandered out onto the balcony to try and cool off, it just got way too hot in the bar with all the lights and people, sipping on a cold beer helped too.

Maartje joined me, sighing she said "Too hot for me."

"Me too," I smiled.

"I need a cool shower and perhaps a massage..." she said with a sly smile.

"Have to be a quick one," I replied.

"Quick is good," she answered back before kissing my cheek and heading back into the bar.

I slipped over the edge of the balcony onto the ground and met Maartje as she headed to the washrooms. Once there we were able to slip quietly into one of the larger rooms and proceeded to kiss each other with abandon.

"Oh Dave," she sighed, "I'm so glad I met you, but will miss you too."

"Live for the moment," I replied. As I knelt at her feet and drew down her leggings to expose her hairy muff. She stepped carefully out of one leg of them and parted her thighs to my probing tongue and moaned in desire and anticipation. My tongue danced over her slit and probed her entrance seeking only to pleasure this lovely pregnant lady and her moans became louder till at last she peaked into an orgasm.

"So, so good," she whispered. "Now hurry please, I must have your cock inside me!"

Standing, I dropped my pants and positioned my cock at her entrance and slid him in. It did not take long but Maartje enjoyed every second of our coupling until with a gasp my cock blasted my adulterous cum into her hot open pussy.

"Oooh yes," she crooned "I so needed that."

"My pleasure, and hopefully yours too," I replied.

We softly kissed and I pulled up my shorts and wandered back to the bar waving to Martin and Krisztina who were snogging on the balcony.

Back inside the band were in their next session and I sat with Paula and Kerry and surreptitiously held Paula's hand in the darkness as we enjoyed just sitting together.

After the entertainment we stepped out only to find it raining quite heavily Though Kerry and martin started to run back to the tent, Paula and I started an impromptu chorus and dance of 'Singing in the rain' Gene Kelly style and thoroughly soaked and avoided by two very embarrassed teens we got back to the tent and settled down for the night.

In the bedroom Paula and I towelled each other down, she looked so cute and sexy, almost waiflike with her hair plastered to her forehead that I couldn't resist and leaned forward to kiss her deeply and passionately, relying on the noise of the rain to hide any chat.

"Mmmmm," she murmured, "Been looking forward to that all day."

"I know," I replied, "But appearances are necessary."

"Yes," she replied, "But it does get so frustrating."

"Yes," I sighed, "If it had just been us in Vannes and you in that dress, I'd have followed you into the changing rooms." I said with a grin.

"I'd probably have dragged you," she said with a laugh, "It made me feel so good to see your appreciation."

"Sis you are a beautiful sexy woman, never ever doubt that." I said seriously.

Her eyes lowered and she blushed deeply, "Thanks bro," she said with tears coming to her eyes. "That means a lot to me."

I kissed the tears away, then tilting her head up I kissed her lips softly and gently nibbled on her lower lip. Paula responded by hugging me tightly and sliding her lithe tongue into my mouth to swirl it around and draw out my tongue to suck on. My fingertips slowly traced up and down her spine as she shivered in anticipation and desire. I slid my hand up the back of her blouse to touch the cool skin beneath, feeling it respond to my touch and Paula's gasps of pleasure in my ears. My other hand was busy unbuttoning the blouse to expose a startlingly crimson low cut bra straining to contain those perfect breasts. As I slid the blouse off I unclasped the bra too and it slid off Paula's shoulders to expose her charms and the fully erect nipples. Laying her down on the mattress, I suckled each in turn and Paula's gasps became almost incoherent in tone and want. I moved the palm of my hand slowly down her flat tummy with its delicate tracery of silver stretch marks until reaching her skin tight jeans I popped the top button and gently drew down the zip exposing a matching pair of crimson panties to the bra. Leaving her nipples for the moment I softly kissed all the way down her tummy swirling my tongue in her navel until I reached the top of her panties the I used both hands to slowly push them down over her knees and allowed her to slip them the rest of the way off herself, whilst I drew in the scent of her moist welcoming pussy before sliding my tongue into the slit to seek out her hooded clitoris.

"Oh God, oh fuck," she called out softly as her body responded to my probing and I slid an index finger inside to increase her pleasure, her hips bucking and twitching madly at each touch of my tongue sliding over her clit. I slid another finger into her pussy, then using her own lubrication I slid it carefully into her back passage. As the last time, her body just spasmed and flailed as if she'd grasped a live wire, she barely had the sense to pull the pillow over her mouth to muffle her cries of joy and satiation as an immense orgasm overtook her, if the rain hadn't been so loud on the tent canvas I think she might have woken up the campsite, never mind the kids. As it was we were lucky again and she slowly regained control of her errant body and voice.

"Oh Dave," she croaked "So good, but so intense too."

I kissed her passionately, "Nothing but the best for my sis," I replied.

I sensed her smile and her tears in the darkness, tears of joy not sadness, "Now bro, lets deal with your needs," she said and removed my shirt as I struggled out of my pants. Leaning down she ran the tip of her tongue up the length of my cock before kissing the head. "Put him to work bro," she demanded.

"Your wish is my command sis," I smiled.

Kissing Paula on her soft lips, I moved on top as she raised her legs to rest on my shoulders and gasped in utter delight as I slid into her.

"Oh yes," she murmured, "Fuck me Dave, fuck me hard."

I pulled back my cock almost to the tip before ramming it into Paula's tunnel of love again and again as the bed shook with the force and fury of the pounding I meted out to my responsive gorgeous sister. It didn't take long, there was no way my body could long resist the sensation of her hot, wet, tight pussy and her strong internal muscles as with a groan my cock blasted my cum into her waiting womb as it milked the incestuous seed from my body.

"That was just what I needed," whispered Paula "My brother's hot cock filling me with forbidden fruit."

I kissed her and said, "Yes, it does seem that forbidden fruit is the sweetest,"

"I'd never have believed you until a few days ago," she replied, "But yes, you're right."

"Sleep well my lover." She yawned.

"Sleep well my Paula," I replied.

The rain drumming down on the tent sent us off into the sweetest of dreams where we could be who we were, not what others expected us to be...
Chapter 12
Home | Top | QM's Page |   Feedback to author


Open Yahoo! Axis application
Home | QM's Page « A New Beginning Index « Previous
Chapter 12
Posted: May 23, 2012 - 01:40:08 pm

The following morning I awoke to find Paula snuggled into me spoonlike with one of my arms draped across her waist and my groin pushed hard into her soft shapely bottom. Her steady breathing suggested she was still sleeping so I simply held her enjoying the closeness of our warm bodies and her very soft skin. The sensations though of being so close soon had a certain part of my anatomy stiffening up to push into the slight gap at the top of her thighs which brought Paula to wakefulness.

"Gosh bro," she chuckled, "Can't you wait?"

"Sorry," I muttered "He has a mind of his own."

"Don't I know it," She replied and slowly pushed back against my aching cock in evident pleasure.

The arm I had across her waist slid up until I was cupping a breast in the palm of my hand and I kissed the sensitive part of her neck.

"Ahhhh, that's nice," she purred. And slightly raised her upper thigh to allow my cock to slip between them. Reaching down she took hold of my cock and guided it to the entrance of her pussy and pushed back gently. She was a little dry, but the motion pushed the tip within to the warm wetness that had been building up since she felt my desire for her. Rocking her hips back and forth a few times soon had my full length snugly enfolded in her moist passage. We both slowly moved in tandem withdrawing and closing slowly as we savoured the feeling of mutual desire and satisfaction and I slid my hand down to finger her slit as she attempted to slip as much of me as she could inside. My gentle stroking soon had the desired effect and she orgasmed, disguising her pleasure as a series of yawns and coughs as with a few swift strokes I took my own pleasure in her delectable body filling her with my cum to greet the new day.

"You awake Mum?" Came a call from outside the bedroom door.

"Yes, Kerry," Paula replied, "Give me a moment." As she slipped her pyjama's on and I hid under my sleeping bag whilst looking for my shorts. Making sure no one could see any evidence of our illicit coupling Paula unzipped the door only to give a gasp of shock. "Kerry! Your face, what's wrong?"

"It just feels funny and puffy Mum," Kerry replied almost in tears.

I'd found my shorts by now and slipped them on and came out the opposite side of the door to Paula.

Kerry looked utterly woebegone; her normally pretty face was swollen around her eyes so she could barely see. "I'll get dressed and find a rep," I said, she needs a doctor.

Paula just nodded and moved to hug Kerry, who burst into tears in her mother's arms.

I found Lisa at the reps tent and told her the situation. Lisa grimaced and said "I think she must have gotten a touch of some of the pesticide Henri the camp owner was spraying yesterday. Did she go into any of the undergrowth? I thought back yesterday to the kids playing catch, "Might have, they were playing with a Frisbee."

"That'll be it," said Lisa. She picked up her phone and quick dialled a number spoke for a few minutes in rapid French and finished with a "Oui, merci. Henri had signs up yesterday, but sometimes the spray lingers a bit longer than he expects, but he has to do it unless you fancy being eaten alive by mosquito's" Lisa mused. The Doctor says we can come straight round."

Lisa, Paula and Kerry piled into the car and set off to the doctors carrying Kerry's EHIC card and our travel insurance as Martin and I waved them off, Martin looking particularly miserable as he felt somewhat to blame for Kerry's misfortune.

I told him to see Krisztina, she'd cheer him up soon enough.

I also noticed our new neighbours watching and wandered over to say "Hi."

Raj and Kay introduced themselves, a lovely Indian couple on their first holiday in over ten years, I couldn't really put an age on either of them by sight, but Raj looked old, possibly in his fifties, whilst Kay could have been any age from thirty to late forties, medium build and exotically pretty. I explained what happened, explained further that Paula wasn't my wife or Kerry and Martin my kids and chatted about things to do. After that I had to do the same for Mary and Yvonne though when I got there, it seems their hubbies and the kids had gone out leaving them to their own devices.

"Fancy a cuppa Dave?" they asked.

"Yes please," I said, "But I need to grab a shower first."

"You sort yourself out; it will be waiting for when you get back." Yvonne said and I wandered over to the washrooms to clean myself up.

Back at the ladies tent I sipped my tea and rang Kevin, explaining the circumstances, at first I thought he was about to explode, but he calmed down eventually and said he'd expect a call later when we knew more.

Mary and Yvonne also sort of listened in but kept silent until I put my phone down.

"He sounded very angry Dave," Mary mused.

"Probably wondering how much he can sue Henri for," I said, "He'll calm down eventually though, he always does," I finished.

Mary approached me and kissed me on the lips, "I'm sure we can find a way to keep you occupied and not worrying," she said with a broad smile as Yvonne also approached and kissed me too.

They led me into the large bedroom and pushed me onto the bed, Mary lying next to me kissing me and fondling my cock through my shorts whilst Yvonne closed the zip and stripped off then joined me on the other side as Mary stripped.

"Been a while since we double teamed a man," said Yvonne to Mary.

"I know, bloody husbands and their suspicious minds," grinned Mary.

Yvonne moved to strip my shirt over my head whilst Mary slid my shorts down and proceeded to take my already stiffening cock in her hot sexy mouth. Yvonne straddled my neck and lowered her already moist pussy to my waiting tongue and gasped in delight at the pleasure my probing gave her. I was unable to see what Mary was up too, simply feel her ministrations until she also straddled my hips to sink my cock into her hot smooth pussy.

"Oh yes!" she groaned out loud as she moved her slick wet pussy up and down on my shaft. Neither lady did anything sexual to the other, the only touches being to occasionally support one another, their interest was me. After five minutes it was turnabout time and Mary straddled my neck whilst Yvonne slid onto my cock, both enjoying the differing sensations whilst I marvelled at the differences between them. Mary gasped and moaned into an orgasm and the flow of juices from her pussy increased across my tongue, Yvonne meanwhile pushed down on my shaft to rub her clit against my body seeking to join her sister in mutual pleasure finally tense up with an "Oh yes, yes, yes," of delight as she took pleasure from my cocks impalement of her body.

Who wants it ladies I gasped out as my own orgasm started to boil down in my balls. They looked at each other and grinned slipping off me to both lick my shaft and cup my balls until with a groan of delight my cock spewed my cum into their waiting mouths as first Mary the Yvonne caught my offering swallowing it down with evident delight.

"You lovely man," purred Mary, "But we aren't finished with you yet."

"What a way to go though," I joked.

Yvonne had meanwhile slipped my cock into her mouth and proceeded to swirl her tongue around the shaft bringing me back to hardness as Mary lay next to me and kissed my upper body all over. Having gotten me to the state she wanted me in Yvonne moved next to me on her knees and said "C'mon Dave, fuck me."

I moved behind Yvonne to take her doggy style whilst Mary leaned back and pulled out a camera.

"For our private collection," she grinned. As she proceeded to slip in a memory card hidden in her purse. "Hoped we'd get to use this." She told Yvonne. Making sure she got us both in.

"Yes," gasped Yvonne as my pounding of her slick pussy proceeded apace. With a squeal of pleasure she again orgasmed to the beat of my thrusting cock. With a grin Mary moved knelt next to her and I moved over to mingle Yvonne's juices with hers as I took Mary doggy style too. Yvonne reached over and grabbed the cameral making sure she got good shots of my cock pistoning out of Mary's pussy as I kept up the pace. Mary too collapsed with pleasure as her own orgasm overtook her and the grip of her internal muscles took me over the edge as I blasted her womb with my seed.

"Not fair," grinned Yvonne. "I got him stiff, I deserved the cream!"

"Next injection of cream is all yours," I gasped as my chest heaved from my exertions.

"Goody," she replied, "I hate missing out on a treat."

We just lay their luxuriating in the feel of our naked bodies as we ran our hands and lips over each other for the next twenty minutes until Mary with a grin slid down my body to envelope my cock in her mouth to bring it back to what for her was it's proper condition. With what was obviously a practiced talent Mary had me ready to go in a few minutes and lay down beside me and sighed with contentment as I mounted her and proceeded to thrust again into her pussy vigorously. Yvonne, kept taking pictures of us as we enjoyed each others body immensely and owing to my earlier exertions I was able to keep going in Mary for quite a while until she stiffened under me with a squeal of delight gripping me with her pussy and wrapping her legs around me to pull me in ever deeper as she orgasmed with an incredible intensity. When she's finally got her breath I rolled over onto Yvonne and in one lunge plunged my length into her waiting hole. "Yes!" she cried out as I mounted her with ferocity and abandon her body rocking under me with each slap of my balls as she took my cock to its full length. Harder and harder I thrust until Yvonne just screamed out in pleasure as orgasm after orgasm overtook her driving her own body into spasms. Finally though after what seemed an age my third orgasm blasted out into her moist depths, not as copious as the previous ones, but welcomed with adulterous glee nonetheless.

We lay there in sensual bliss for a few minutes, then glancing at the time Mary said, "They'll be back in half an hour, we'd better hide the evidence."

With that we all dressed and the two ladies flipped over the mattress and replaced the memory card in the camera.

"Thanks Dave, you were wonderful," grinned Yvonne and Mary just kissed me softly on the cheek.

I strolled back to our tent feeling utterly drained, but very satisfied and noticed a dark brown pair of eyes watching from the other side of the bay. I waved and was rewarded with a slight wave back, a squeak of surprise and they vanished. Seemed Kay had been somewhat of a voyeur I mused.

Half an hour later I got a call from Paula, Kerry was going to be ok, they'd given her a dose of steroids to deal with the poisons and were waiting for the swelling to go down. I told her about my call to Kevin and she said she'd ring him to let him know. "Take care sis and give Kerry my love," I said as we ended the call.

"I will," replied Paula and I wandered off to find Martin who was sitting outside Maartje's tent with Krisztina. I told him the news and he perked up immensely, as did Krisztina and Maartje who all hoped Kerry would be back soon.

I wandered back to the tent and decided to have another shower, Mary and Yvonne's brood had returned and I waved to them and let them know about Kerry then wandered off to the shower.

Once back again I felt eyes upon me and noticed Kay sitting outside her tent. I wandered over to say hi and asked where Raj was.

"He'll be out visiting the local Hypermarkets," she replied, "noting the prices and preparing a list to take home for our shop."

"Don't blame him" I said, "Lot of things cheaper here."

"Yes," she sighed, "But not much of a holiday for me."

"Lots to do here," I said. "Beach, town, walks etc."

"Not so much fun on your own though." She returned, "I prefer company, though not Hypermarket visits."

"Well if you fancy a walk, I'll accompany you,". I replied.

"Would you?" she smiled at me. "Sure you wouldn't want to keep your lady friends entertained?"

I blushed, "Their partners are back, doubt they'd appreciate a show."

Kay laughed, "Partners rarely do."

We set off for a walk around the peninsula and I showed her the stone art along with an old WW2 German bunker. I told her my life story and she told me a little of hers, they'd came to the UK in the 70's having been expelled from Uganda by Idi Amin. They both had Indian ancestors and a large family and done well for themselves in the UK.

We chatted for a while sitting at an old picnic table until Kay said, "Do you find me attractive?"

"Er yes," I said, "Why?"

"Because I thought after your activities with your friends you'd at least try to get into my knickers as well," she replied.

"Would you like me too?" I replied.

"Yes please," she murmured quietly, eyes downcast.

I reached out and took her hand, "No strings." I said.

"No strings," she replied with a smile.

We wandered back to her tent and into one of the bedrooms and kissed, "Be gentle with me Dave," Kay said, "I've never been with another man before."

I laid her down and moved to kiss her lips running my hand through her hair and the other hand over her clothing. My tongue parted her lips and slipped inside her mouth to probe and tantalise her tongue.

"Mmmmm," she sighed as my caresses relaxed her body and increased her confidence enough to reach up an hug me in return. Sitting her up, I removed her tee shirt exposing her lovely creamy brown skin and white bra and kissed the exposed cleavage whilst running my fingertips up and down her tummy causing it to twitch and flutter at my soft touch. I slipped my own top off and Kay reached out hungrily to touch the exposed skin.

"So hard, so nice." She sighed.

She stiffened slightly when I unclipped her bra but relaxed when I slid my mouth over her engorged nipples one after the other, teasing and lightly biting them until they were both firm and erect.

Sliding my hand down I untied the drawstring of her pants and lowered them leaving Kay exposed to my gaze in just her white cotton panties, slightly stained at the crotch as her obvious desire leaked from her pussy. Smothering her tummy with more kisses on her soft skin I hooked my thumbs under her panties and drew them down to expose her thickly haired pussy, smelling divinely of desire and need.

With a smile I moved down to kiss it and slid my tongue into the slit to lap up her musky moisture.

"Ohhhh!" sighed Kay, "Ohhhhhh!, Ohhhhh! Ohhhhhh! As her brown eyes widened and her body trembled with each caress of my tongue until I slid a finger into her tight hot wet pussy where she just groaned and went almost rigid with tiny mewlings coming from the back of her throat as an orgasm rendered her helpless in its intensity.

"So good," she sighed. "More please?"

My pleasure Kay," I replied. As I slipped out of my shorts.

Kissing her on the lips and neck I took hold of my cock and ran it up and down Kay's moist slit feeling her twitch each time I moved against her clitoris until finally I slid him down to put the tip in her moist tight entrance.

"Ready?" I murmured.

"Oh yes," she replied as I slid into her. "Oh yes!"

I was gentle with her, moving slowly in and out allowing her to savour my length as it pushed into her hidden depths. As time passed though my own desires for fulfilment grew and I began to increase the tempo and power of my thrusts until Kay was gasping in delight her legs drawing up to increase my penetration and her arms held me tightly until with a groan I unleashed my cum into her lovely pussy.

"Oh wow," said Kay, "That took me back to the first years of my marriage when Raj couldn't get enough of me. Er, how long till we can... ?"

"Depends," I said with a gentle smile.

Kay reached down and started to stroke my cock before going down and greedily devouring it using her tongue and lips to restore me to my former glory.

"Oh good," she smiled, "Fresh meat." And leaned over to kiss me and draw my body onto hers again, parting her legs to allow me to slide back into paradise.

"Nothing finer," she murmured in my ear, "I'm so enjoying my holiday ... now."

Our bodies moved in synchronisation with each other our hips thrusting in time and meeting perfectly as our pleasure and excitement in each others body grew. Though I'd only managed to bring Kay to orgasm by oral means before it seemed obvious from the raw cries coming from her throat that this time her body was well on its way to sating its needs through the deep thrusts of my rigid cock within her well lubricated

pussy. It didn't take too long before Kay gave a cry of ecstasy and clamped down hard on my bucking hips as her climax took control of her impassioned body. Yet I did not slow my thrusts, if anything I increased their power and speed as I rode her from one orgasm to the next. I lost count of the screams and gasps of pleasure in my ears as I took Kay's body from one height to the next before eventually loosing my adulterous seed within her exhausted body.

We just held each other close for the longest time after that, Kay slowly coming down from a sexual high, her eyes at first glazed over in lust and passion gradually filling with tears as her emotional state was severely out of kilter.

"I had no idea," she finally sighed, "No idea at all how good this could be, you may just have ruined me for sex with anyone else." She said with a contented smile.

Just then my phone went off and it was Paula saying they were on their way back.

I kissed Kay a hurried farewell and she made me promise to 'get in her knickers' again as soon as we were both free.

By the time I was dressed and looking presentable again the car with Paula, Kerry and Lisa drew up. Kerry looked a lot better and I hugged and thanked Lisa for helping and looking out for her. Paula just smiled and hugged Lisa too. Back in the tent Paula told me she'd stopped Kevin from trying to sue the camp, the agent and also an attempt to make us come home. "We have four full days left, Kerry's going to be as good as new by tomorrow and" looking directly at me "I don't want to go home ... yet."

We spent the rest of the day fussing around Kerry and cheering her up, you'd think it was the end of the world to have a swollen face, then again for a teen girl, perhaps it is.

In the evening we stayed in, playing cards (yes I lost ... again) until Kerry struggling with the medication decided to retire for the night. Paula and I decided to go for an evening stroll.

Hand in hand we watched the sun set over the Atlantic, the soft breeze blowing in our hair.

"I love the way you make me feel Dave," Paula said as she hugged me. "Not just when we make love, you make me feel complete, like a real woman, for the first time in my life. I really don't know what's going to happen when we get home, but I think for the sake of the kids I'll probably remain with Kevin."

"I can't tell you how to run your life Paula," I replied, "I just very much want to be part of it."

"We'll find a way," she smiled at me.

"Hope so," I replied.

We kissed, deeply and passionately and with a twinkle in her eyes Paula undid the drawstring of my shorts and reached down to slowly wank my cock into stiffness. Then kneeling down before me she drew my pants down and took me in her mouth using her tongue and lips and her soft warm hands to pleasure me. Finally I dropped to my knees too and kissed her slipping my hands up her short skirt to probe the hidden treasures underneath. She wasn't wearing any underclothes, her pussy opened like a flower to my touch and wetness flowed as her excitement grew and I laid her down in the long grass, moved on top of her as she parted her lovely legs to receive me. Within minutes of me penetrating her she cried out in ecstasy as her first orgasm shook her beautiful body to its core in its intensity and our lips met and again our tongues intertwined in our passion. Then Paula rolled us over and sat facing me, still filled to the hilt with my cock, moving up and down as well as back and forth until her second orgasm drove her down onto my chest as her muscles temporarily gave way. Then she slipped off me and with a smile bent over doggy style looking back at me with a sultry smile, I got to my knees and placed my cock back at her pussy, but she shook her head.

"Not there," she said, "A little higher."

"You sure?" I replied.

"Yes Dave, I'm sure, this is for you alone." She replied. "Just be gentle."

Taking my cock in my hand I spread the lubrication from Paula's pussy over the tip before positioning it at the entrance to her back passage. Gently, oh so gently I pushed the tip inside feeling Paula stiffen and gasp as I made my entrance. Stopping to allow her to get used to me I then withdrew slightly before pushing in a little further.

"Oh Dave, it feels so strange." Paula sighed.

Again I withdrew slightly and pushed forward till half my length was inside.

"Mmmmm," gasped Paula.

Then with gentle withdrawals and thrusts I slowly slid the full length of my cock within her other hole.

"Yesssss." She cried.

I held still, allowing Paula the time to get used to me until she nodded and I began gently at first to fuck her arse.

"Ooh, ooh, ooh..." came Paula's gentle sighs rapidly turning to moans of pleasure as the sensation overwhelmed her. My thrusts became longer and slightly harder as the pleasure of being where only I could go carried me higher. Looking down I could see Paula's pussy lips flexing slightly at each thrust and I reached down to tease her clit whilst maintaining the rhythm. Paula's cries had gone beyond intelligence now, there was only lust and desire and total pleasure in them until finally she screamed and her body just spasmed wildly her limbs flailing as she lost all control over her body as she came with a massive climax at the same moment my own climax blasted my seed into her forbidden depths and we both collapsed in a heap on the ground.

For the longest time we just lay there holding each other, hands gently stroking each others hair and face, light kisses.

Finally Paula said. "My God, that was incredible, but I don't think we should do that too often, I suspect it might just kill me."

I smiled into her lovely face, "Thank you for allowing me that though, a first for you and a moment to treasure."

"Yes," she replied "Another first for me, there have been so many on this holiday, yet no regrets."

"Never," I said. That night we slept naked in each others arms again savouring the touch of each other wondering what the future might bring.
Chapter 13
Home | Top | QM's Page |   Feedback to author


Open Yahoo! Axis application
 
Home | QM's Page « A New Beginning Index « Previous
Chapter 13
Posted: May 23, 2012 - 03:49:55 pm

The next day we all rose bright and early, Kerry looked a lot better and we decided to head down to the small port of Locmariaquer on the Golfe du Morbihan for a boat trip. The weather was beautiful and we enjoyed a small stopover on the Ile aux Moines for a light lunch and a few beers. Whilst Paula and Martin did some exploring, Kerry who didn't want to get out into the sunshine too much stayed under the shade in the local beach bar. Chatting away about all and sundry until eventually Kerry asked "Uncle Dave?"

"Yes," I replied.

"Do you think Martin and Krisztina are 'doing it?'

"None of my business really," I replied. "So long as they're discreet and they don't end up doing something silly like Krisztina getting pregnant."

"Wish I could find a decent guy to hook up with," she replied morosely.

"At thirteen you're a little young to be going down that path." I said.

"Everyone says that," she replied, "Well adults anyway, apart from the odd perv on MSN."

"Some guys like them young." I said, "Just be careful, some aren't going to take your feelings into consideration to get what they want."

"I know," she sighed.

"Someday a nice guy will take your fancy and you'll get your opportunity," I replied. "But first times are rarely good times for young ladies, particularly if the guy has no experience himself. So choose wisely."

"I will," she said grinning at me speculatively.

Fortunately I was rescued from further third degree questioning by the return of Paula and Martin and we strolled back to the boat for our return to Locmariaquer. Paula and I surreptitiously holding hands as the kids crowded the front to see the sights.

Back at the campsite we all wandered off to do various bits and bobs, Kerry and Paula to have a shower, Martin to slope off with Krisztina to wherever it was they were using to enjoy each others company. I was passing Krisztina's tent on my way to the camp shop when Maartje popped her head out and beckoned me.

"Hello my lovely Englishman," she said with a smile.

I glanced round, no car, so no Gus and no Krisztina either for an hour or so either I guessed. "Hello my lovely Dutch lady," I replied.

Inside the tent Maartje said, "Sit please, I think my daughter and your Martin are becoming more than friendly."

Sitting on a bunk next to her "I..." started to reply.

"No," Maartje said, "It is of no moment, they are of an age and these things happen, besides she is a sensible girl and will use precautions."

"Yes," I said, "Martin is sensible too."

"Good," Maartje replied. "I know she wants to visit Martin after we return home. Gus is not happy with this though."

"I can see why," I replied.

"I tell him that I ... I do not know this English word, but I accompany her to make sure she behaves." Maartje said.

"Chaperone her," I replied.

"Yes, that is word I look for," Maartje smiled.

"He says ok, so I visit England too. I tell Krisztina she can see Martin and perhaps I can see you too, when they are ... busy?

"I'd like that a lot," I said, "I have an apartment close to where he lives, so we can relax in privacy and comfort."

"So good," replied Maartje, and then leaned over to kiss me. "Now let us seal the deal." As I moved to kiss her in return.

Again and again I pattered soft kisses upon her face neck and shoulders as our hands wandered over each others bodies slipping off clothing and gently caressing skin. Finally exposing Maartje's breasts I began to suckle them feeling small shivers of delight from Maartje as she enjoyed my touch and our forbidden lust. Her own hands were running up and down my body as she took pleasure in me finally seeking out my cock as she gently manipulated it to its full stiffness.

"Nice," she exclaimed, "I so need this."

Slipping her out of her panties I teased her pussy with my fingers whist enjoying her own teasing in return, feeling her becoming wetter and wetter until she shuddered into a delicate orgasm. "Yessssss!" she sighed "Oh, yesssss."

Lying her back on the bunk I moved to kneel between her legs then raised her legs to my shoulders as I sought to slip into her without putting pressure on her swollen tummy. After a little manipulation I slid deeply into her waiting pussy and started long slow thrusts to increase our mutual pleasure. Maartje was clearly enjoying this position as low growls emerged from her throat and a distinct flush rand down from her face to the tips of her swollen erect nipples. Her pussy continued to grip my cock in a regular pattern as she sought maximum pleasure from our coupling until at last she gave another shuddered and came on my rapidly thrusting cock. Feeling the extra wetness I increased my pace until she was wide eyed and gripping the mattress in utter pleasure at each deep penetration until I finally could hold myself back no more and shuddered into my own orgasm and sent my adulterous seed to mix with her own adulterous wetness.

"Mmmmm you nice man," Maartje purred at me. "I think I like chaperoning Krisztina to see Martin a lot."

We parted with a few tender kisses and I slipped back to the tent to get my things for a shower. Paula and Kerry were busy sorting out clothes for tonight's party disco at the bar and other than a few smiles, glances and whispers they paid me no real attention. As it was, after a takeaway meal both ladies dressed up to the nines so to speak, that I felt obliged to make an effort myself and wore my best shirt and dress trousers. Paula herself was normally a jeans and tee shirt type of girl, though admittedly a tight pair of jeans on Paula was always a delight to any red blooded male. Kerry was pretty much the same, though tonight both had put on their little black party numbers showing off a good deal of well browned legs and a goodly amount of cleavage.

"Just one thing Uncle Dave, "Kerry announced with a grin, "Try to restrain your dancing, just this once."

Well I did (for once) and spent most of the night doing the equivalent of a two step shuffle with various ladies whilst admiring Paula and Kerry as they were the centre of a host of male desire. Eventually I wandered out to the balcony to cool off and was joined by Paula, practically glowing with happiness.

"Oh I'm having so much fun Dave," she gushed "Kevin hated me to dress up and dance."

"You look great Paula," I replied, "The belle of the ball."

"Yet I can't smooch the slow stuff with my Prince Charming," she replied a little sadly.

There was a slow number going on at the moment so I gently took Paula in my arms and held her closely as we 'smooched'. Finally the song stopped and we parted with a long lingering kiss.

"Mmmmm," Paula whispered. "Thank you bro for reminding me again that I'm a woman."

"My pleasure," I replied, "truly my pleasure."

"Best get back before we're missed," she grinned at me.

That we did, pausing to extract Kerry from a gaggle of teenage males en route, to her evident disappointment and partial relief. Back at the tent we settled the kids and sat drinking a coffee chatting about nothing in particular until the sounds of heavy breathing told us Martin and Kerry had succumbed to their slumbers. Then hand in hand we grabbed a travel rug and tiptoed off into the darkness to an empty tent vacated that day by one of the various campers that were constantly in and out of the site.

We stripped off our clothing carefully and embraced tightly before kissing each other passionately our tongues entwining with desire and need. "Lie down my love," whispered Paula.

I complied and Paula straddled me, took my hardness in her soft hand and guided me into her waiting pussy. "Oh you naughty man, I could tell you've been wanting this all day." She gasped in pleasure as she slid down onto me.

"You know me so well," I replied reaching up to cup her breasts and tweak her nipples softly, feeling them rise up in reaction. "Oh yes," she murmured. And raised herself up on my shaft only to glide down in a delicate corkscrew motion as she wiggled her hips seductively. Again and again she did this until her whole body just stiffened and a massive orgasm overtook her. Rolling us both over with my cock still deeply buried inside my gorgeous sister I started to move myself in hard thrusts riding the peak of her desire and orgasmic glow.

"Yes, yes, yes!" she whispered frantically in my ear as my own moment of truth approached. "Fill me Dave fill me please!" Taking me over the top and into a world of ecstasy as my cock jetted my seed into her hot tight pussy.

"Just what I wanted," she purred as my heart hammered in my chest, "But we'd best get back before we're missed or noticed." She said with a sparkle in her eyes.

We slept again arm in arm just covered by the sleeping bags desires temporarily sated and looking forward to a new day.

The following morning we were all up and about early, Paula and Kerry intending some retail therapy in Trinite and Martin as ever off to see Krisztina.

"Behave yourself and don't do anything I wouldn't do." Grinned Paula.

"Why, what wouldn't you do?" I asked.

"Fairly short list now bro." she choked out laughing and looking slightly embarrassed as Kerry asked us what we were talking about.

"Just putting me on a short leash." I grinned at Kerry "Doesn't want the tent covered with wall to wall naked women when she gets back."

"Well of course not," said Kerry primly before bursting out laughing with us all.

They set off to Trinite, promising to call before they headed back so I could hide the evidence they chorused.

Both Mary and Yvonne were out too which was a shame, though from the looks of it so was Raj as his car wasn't there, but I could see no sign of Kay either till I spotted her returning from a shower.

"Hi Kay," I waved to her.

"Hi Dave," she waved and smiled back. "Abandoned again?"

"Yes," I replied, "At a bit of a loose end."

"Well come on in and we'll see if we can cure that," she said with a wink.

Slipping into her tent we were soon engaged in a passionate embrace.

"I can tell you missed me," Kay said with a grin as she reached down to grasp my straining cock. Before moving down onto he knees and dropping my shorts to engulf me in her hot little mouth running her tongue over the tip and making me groan out loud in pleasure. I lifted Kay gently too her feet and we moved into the spare bedroom and we kissed again as our hands quickly removed all items of clothing leaving us as nature intended.

Laying on the bed we swiftly moved to indulge in a 69, my tongue tasting and teasing her slippery pussy, seeking out her entrance and teasing her clit to her muffled squeals of delight as her mouth surrounded my cock sucking and swirling her tongue around to pleasure me in return. It was fairly obvious that Kay was becoming more and more aroused as her hips pushed harder against my face and her juices flowed more freely until with a muffled gasp she orgasmed her juices spurting under the clamping of her pussy onto my face and tongue as she thrashed about in glorious abandon.

"God! I needed that," she gasped trembling still in all her limbs, "Now how about putting him where he belongs," she added with a twinkle.

Eager to oblige I switched positions to kiss her lips and parted her lush thighs to put my cock to the gates of paradise. With one smooth thrust I slid in to the hilt as Kay groaned in pleasure, "Oh yes, so good."

I kept up a steady pace for fifteen minutes watching in delight at the play of emotions across Kay's face as wanton pleasure and sheer lust fought each other to a standstill.

"I'm going to cum," I murmured into her ear.

"Yesssss," was the only reply I got as her own hips bucked against mine to set off a series of bubbling orgasms of her own as her pussy drank down my cum into her womb.

We held each other for a while in the afterglow before Kay asked shyly if she could see me occasionally after the holidays, assuming I was interested of course. As she lived in London, I told her it wouldn't be too difficult provided we were very discreet, her community would disown her for even a hint of impropriety, there were worse things too, she might not survive being caught. She just snuggled closer and told me some things were worth a little risk. Then reaching down she stoked me back to life and turned over onto her knees to present me with her lovely round arse and moist pussy just begging to be plundered. I moved behind her and gently placed the head of my cock to the entrance of her pussy and pushed inside feeling her muscles ripple around my cock as her hot tight channel accustomed itself to me. Pausing only a moment to savour the feel of her I then began to thrust into her with deep strokes enjoying the sight of her coffee coloured skin wide hips and spinal indentations as her body moved in time with mine. With each thrust Kay gave off a little scream of pleasure and her pussy squeezed my cock as her hips thrust back at me trying to get as much of me into her as she could. I could feel another climax beginning to boil in my balls as Kay's talented pussy massaged my cock in its lush velvety grip. Her own gasps and squeals of pleasure were growing too until she cried out "Now, now, now!" in wild abandon as she gave into the growing pleasure my body was giving hers and her pussy clamped down on my cock in another beautiful to behold orgasm. This was more than enough to trigger my own eruption into her.

We collapsed onto the mattress gasping to regain our breath from our exertions holding each other tight until Kay's phone rang.

"Seems to be becoming a habit for us." She said. Then launched into a conversation in what she later told me was Gujarati. "Raj is heading back," she said "You'll have to leave and I'll have to grab another shower" she said with a hint of a chuckle in her voice.

I swiftly dressed, we kissed and I left.

I wandered aimlessly round the campsite for a while until lunchtime then relaxed with a sandwich and a coffee in front of the tent generally people watching, though there weren't many people about. I was just drifting off into a nap when my phone rang, it was Maggs.

"Hello." I said.

"Hello Dave," she replied, "Sorry to bother you, but we might have a problem here. I've been trying to contact Paula but her phone must be off or no signal."

"What's the problem Maggs?" I replied.

"It's Kevin, the leg must have become infected due to the fall and the environment, the doctors think he has a form of septicaemia." Maggs told me. "Unfortunately, due to his painkillers and the plaster cast hiding the evidence we didn't realise how bad it was."

"How bad is it Maggs?" I asked.

"They're rushing him into hospital now Dave." She replied. "I'm scared; he's delirious and very, very ill."

"I'll find Paula and get her to give you a call, looks like we'll be returning as soon as we can." I said.

"Do, that Dave, please hurry." Maggs begged me.

It didn't take too long to contact Paula, though I had to do it via Kerry's phone. Both ladies were hurrying back to the campsite. Martin was easier to find and very upset too, though really there was nothing I could add to the information I already had. I did contact the ferry company and book tickets though and was packing the car when a tearful Paula and Kerry arrived.

Oh Dave," she sobbed in my arms when we had a moment free of the kids, "Is this some sort of judgement on me for straying?"

"No Paula, it's just life, this would have happened if you'd stayed at home." I replied.

She nodded, but I could see in her eyes that she didn't quite believe me, not yet anyway. I suspected that there would be a lot of soul searching and recrimination, but I hoped she'd see the sense in what I said eventually.

Paula was also off and on the phone to Maggs quite a bit, trying to get details that just weren't to be had. I contacted the reps to let them know we were going early, gave Lisa a hug and got her phone number. I left notes for Kay, Mary and Yvonne to let them know why we'd vanished and left a contact number there too. Finally Martin and I visited Krisztina and Maartje, to bid them farewell again promising to keep in touch and arrange a visit as soon as we were able.

It was a very sombre group that finally set off from Trinite to Calais at just past 2pm French time for a frantic dash up to catch the soonest Ferry available. I have to admit I pushed the Audi to its limits and we made the trip in less than five hours, Paula and the kids constantly on their phones to family and friends as news was scant and moral support poured in.

Back in England we headed straight for Maidstone District General Hospital to call in at the ICU to see Kevin, sadly though he was unconscious and almost impossible to see for tubes and monitors. Maggs met us outside and there were a lot of hugs and tears, it did not look good. It was agreed that I'd take the kids back to their home and Paula and Maggs would remain, they promised to let me know at any time should the situation change.

The call came at just past 6am, it was Maggs. "Dave, you'd better get the kids awake and here soonest, it won't be long now and they're going to give him a strong stimulant to give him some time to say goodbye."

It was a mad dash to the hospital, but we got there in time. Kerry and Martin went in and Paula came out looking drained and utterly miserable.

"What will we do Dave?" she asked, "I don't know how to run his business."

I just hugged her. "One thing at a time," I finally said.

Maggs joined us in the hug.

"Don't worry," she said. "I know Kevin has taken care of things in his will."

Finally we all went through, Kevin looked ghastly, but he was awake.

"Look after them for me Dave." Was his last request to me, I promised I would.

"I love you, I'm sorry." His last words on Earth to Paula and the kids before the monitors howled their warnings and staff rushed in to try and revive him to no avail.
Chapter 14
Home | Top | QM's Page |   Feedback to author


Home | QM's Page « A New Beginning Index « Previous
Chapter 14
Posted: May 23, 2012 - 08:08:23 pm

We cremated Kevin a week later in a simple family ceremony, though the memorial service was packed with friends and family along with most of Kevin's company. Paula had withdrawn into herself, barely speaking to anyone, not even the kids, blaming herself for circumstances she had no control over. I did my best to make sure that the house was kept running and clean; fortunately my company was able to give me a lot more time off as I struggled to hold the fragile pieces of the family together.

It was the reading of the will though that started the healing process, Maggs had been right, Kevin had arranged things for a friendly competitor to take over the running of the business with Paula and the kids remaining silent partners whilst the competitor got the company's flourishing order book and good will. The income they gained from this more or less set them up for life, the only stipulation being that if Paula remarried, her shares would go to the kids. Paula's face hardened at this, Kevin was trying to control her from beyond the grave.

This pulled Paula from her grief to a certain extent; she started to function again within the family, though we still barely touched, just the occasional hug.

It was almost a month after the funeral when I finally returned to work myself, a local project installing some hi-tech load handling equipment in Gravesend, Paula and the kids begged me to remain at their house for the meantime and of course I agreed. Kerry and Martin returned to school and life settled a little into a routine.

Two weeks later I was settling down for the night in the guest room when there was a faint tapping at the door, it opened and Paula crept in, slipping into bed beside me.

"Just hold me Dave," was all she asked.

I did and then we made love for the first time in an age. Our bodies shedding weeks of grief, self accusation and guilt in glorious desire and deeply felt love.

Next day I moved into the room next to Paula, it had a linked door to the en-suite bathroom and we were careful to lock the doors and try to be discreet. It also meant for the first time I would travel home for weekends if working away, though Paula was unaware that on the way back I would stop off in a hotel for a pleasurable couple of hours with Maggs or occasionally Kay.

It was a weekend when Paula went off to do the family shop taking Martin with her that Kerry turned to me and said. "I know what you and Mum are doing."

My blood almost froze in my veins, "I'm not sure what you mean." I replied.

"Uncle Dave, I'm not deaf, blind or stupid, you're fucking my Mum, I know you are." She held up a hand to forestall a reply from me. "Don't worry; I'm not going to tell anyone, not even Martin, assuming I can even have a conversation with him not involving Krisztina." She stated calmly.

"Why?" I asked.

"Because I've never seen Mum so happy before," she replied. "I like her like that and I'd like some of what she's getting myself." She stated calmly looking directly at me.

"Kerry! You're only thirteen; you shouldn't even be thinking things like that." I said shocked.

"Don't be daft Uncle Dave," she replied, "Nearly half my class at grammar are no longer virgins, and at least two are being fucked by their Dads and another by her brothers, so what you're up to with Mum isn't really shocking to me."

"Yes, but that doesn't mean I'm available for you." I said. "If your mother found out it would break her heart."

"I know," Kerry said with a smile, "We'd just better make sure she doesn't find out."

At this point we heard Paula and Martin returning, Kerry leaned over and kissed me passionately and so the conversation ended.

We ate a light dinner and decided to spend the night in and watch a dvd.

I'm not sure which one, as my interest in it wasn't so great because my distracted mind was wondering what to do about Kerry.

Decisions, decisions.

I don't think she'd grass us up even if I said no; she loves her Mum too much for that.

On the other hand, my cock became extremely aroused during our short chat and my mind wondered what she'd be like compared to her Mum.

Fuck.

Fuck.

Fuck!

What the hell am I going to do now?

I may return to Dave's universe in the future. This has been a useful learning experience for me. Apologies for the poor grammar in the story, I hope it didn't detract from the tale itself.
Your opinion is important:
Share with the others what you think about
"A New Beginning"
     
Switch to Expanded voting form
The End
Posted: 2012-05-07
Last Modified: 2012-05-23 / 08:08:23 pm
Home | Top | QM's Page |   Feedback to author
