Home « Vulgus's Page - Settings
A New Life for Sara
by Vulgus
Copyright© 2008 by Vulgus


Pages: Prev | 1 | 2 | 3 | 4 | 5 | 6 | 7 | 8 | Next

To that small group of disturbed people who have enjoyed my previous efforts and encouraged me, thank you.

My life has recently begun to spiral out of control. Up until a little less than a year ago everything was great. Well, at least it was normal. I lived with my parents in a nice house and went to a nice school and I suppose I was a typical rotten teenager. I didn't know how good I had it. I found out when my father died of a heart attack.

My mother and I were pretty distraught of course. We loved my father and there had been no warning at all. He was only thirty-nine. The doctors said that he had a heart defect. He had been born with it and it had been a ticking time bomb. One day about ten months ago the time bomb went off and he had a heart attack at work.

That was bad enough. But then the insurance company piled on. They wouldn't pay the hospital bills because his heart attack and subsequent death were due to a pre-existing medical condition that he had not listed on his application. Never mind that he had no idea that he had a heart defect. Suddenly we were many hundreds of thousands of dollars in debt. Dad had hung on in a coma for days and the charges for the Intensive Care Unit alone were obscene.

Dad had life insurance. They had thought that it was in an amount that would be enough to take care of us if anything happened. It wasn't. The medical bills got almost all of it, with plenty of bills left over.

Mom sold the good car and kept dads old one for us to get around in. But after the car was paid off there was hardly any money left over. The main benefit had been to get rid of the car payment.

Mom had no choice then. She put our house on the market. The problem is, the real estate market in this area had just taken a big downturn and by the time the expenses of selling the house were taken care of and the mortgage paid off there wasn't much more than enough left over to move to a small apartment.

I thought we had hit bottom then. We weren't even close! Ten months after dad died mom came home from work and called me into the kitchen for a talk. I knew from the sound of her voice that it wasn't going to be something good. I was right.

Mom had agreed to marry a man from work. She said that she didn't really love him, but she felt like she had no choice. He was a widower with three sons. She had known him for several years and she was certain that he could provide us with security. He had always hit on her, even when dad was still alive. After dad had died he had waited a month or so and started chasing her all over again.

Mom was desperate by then and so she had agreed to marry him without ever even going out with him! She needed someone to take over and solve her problems and take care of her and her daughter. That was just the way she was. She thought she was doing it for me. I was nearly as devastated as I had been when dad had died. Now I was going to have to move across town. I would be leaving my school and all of my friends. I had just turned sixteen and just started dating. My girlfriends were girls that I had gone to school with since kindergarten. I would have much rather stayed where we were and stayed poor.

Mom couldn't handle it though. She was being hounded by bill collectors and she was at the end of her rope. I understood, I think. I had trouble coping with the concept of marrying someone that you didn't love. I understood that she was desperate though and saw this as a way out. After I thought about it, I got to wondering if she had really loved my dad all that much either. She was never very affectionate with him. At least they weren't when I was watching. They seemed more like partners in a business venture than lovers. I just never noticed it before I guess.

It would definitely be a step up for us. My new stepfather owned his own company and had agreed to pay off mom's debts after the wedding. I tried to talk her out of it. I offered to get a job and give her the money. I knew how stupid that sounded as I was saying it, but I wanted desperately to stay in the school I was in now. I had just started my junior year and I was popular and involved in clubs and cheerleading and my whole life, or what was left of it, was wrapped up in those people and those activities.

There seemed to be something that mom wasn't telling me. She was evasive when I asked her questions about the man she was marrying and her motives. The more I asked her about this agreement they had reached the more upset she became so I dropped the subject. I knew that there was something that she wasn't telling me though.

On Friday we went out to dinner with the man that mom was going to marry. He seemed nice enough. He was pretty good looking for an old guy. I guess he was a little older than dad, probably around forty-five. I'm just guessing. I'm not that good at judging the ages of grownups. His name is Larry Flack but he told me to call him dad.

I don't know what he had treated mom like before, but I had the impression that he felt like he was going to own her. He was paying a lot of money for her after all. She seemed to defer to him on every subject. He was already giving her instructions for the wedding and our life after the wedding. They weren't going to have a real wedding. They were just going to go to a Notary Public who could perform a civil ceremony. There would be a pre-nuptial agreement. If the marriage didn't last, for whatever reason, mom would get nothing and would be in debt to my new father for the amount that he was paying off to clear our debts, plus interest.

He really seemed to be taking charge of her. Then he started on me. He told me that he had expectations for my mother, but he also had expectations of me. I would have chores around the house and I would be expected to meet certain standards at school as well.

I wasn't too concerned. I was an honor student and I had always helped around the house. So that didn't concern me as much as the way he talked to me. I got really mixed signals from him. On the one hand he gave me the impression that he wasn't all that happy to be gaining a stepdaughter and that he would really prefer that I was not a part of the bargain. Yet it seemed like every time I glanced up at him he was looking at me. It wasn't an actual leer. He was kind of creeping me out though.

I wanted to tell him that I was just as unhappy about this arrangement as he was, if not more. I just kept my mouth shut though and said, "Yes sir," at all of the appropriate times. I noticed that mom looked pretty embarrassed about the way he was talking to us. She gave me a look that said, "Thank you," when I just accepted his instructions meekly.

He drove us home after dinner and I was surprised and even more embarrassed when he came back to the apartment with us. Because as soon as we got inside our apartment mom sent me to my room and it seemed like only moments after I got to my room that I heard them through the thin wall separating my bedroom from my mother's.

He had apparently decided to start the honeymoon early. I could actually hear him ordering my mother to undress and commenting on her naked body. I heard him order her to undress him and then I heard him order her to suck his cock!

That was when I came to my senses and dug out my iPod. I put my headphones on and turned my music up real loud. I was still a virgin and this was not the way that I wanted to learn about sex!

It was too late to block out the disturbing things that I had already heard. The images in my mind were making me feel ill. I tried not to think about it, and about the things that I didn't hear. I struggled to undress and get into my pajamas without dislodging the headphones. I was afraid of what I might hear if they came off.

I tried to read for a few minutes but it wasn't possible. My mind was totally focused on the idea of my mother being ordered to undress for the amusement of my new stepfather and then undressing him and letting him put his cock in her mouth. If I had not heard it I would never have believed in a million years that my mother would allow herself to be ordered around that way, and then let a man, a man she didn't even like all that much from what I could see, put his cock in her mouth. I shuddered in revulsion as I fought to get those images out of my mind.

I was still lying on my bed in the dark an hour and a half later when mom came into my room in her robe and sat on the side of my bed. She had left my door open and we could see well enough with the light from the hallway.

I took the headphones off finally and turned the music off. I had a hell of a time looking my mother in the eye. It didn't help that she was obviously as embarrassed as I was. I could smell the smell of sex on her still. I had never smelled it before, but I knew what it was as soon as I smelled it.

We sat in silence for a while and I could see her trying to figure out what to say. At last, in a voice not much louder than a whisper, she said, "I'm sorry Sara. I'm doing what I have to do. Larry isn't a bad man. He just takes some getting used to. He is the kind of person that is always in charge. It's just his way."

I listened to her, and I watched her. Although she was trying hard to convince me that she really thought that she was doing the right thing, I got the distinct impression that she didn't believe it herself. But I guess that she thought that this was her only way out. She didn't even seem to really mind the way that he talked to her and ordered her around. She certainly didn't seem to be acting like a woman who had been ... I don't know. What was that I had heard? Was that rape? From what little I had overheard it hadn't sounded like they were making love.

I was beginning to realize that I hardly knew my mother at all. At least I didn't know what she was like as a person, as a woman. She had been a good mother and I loved her. I just didn't know the woman who was sitting on the edge of my bed right now.

I didn't know how to respond to her. I realized that I knew next to nothing about the man she was marrying either and so I asked her how she had met him. She told me that the company he owned occupied a suite of offices on the floor where mom worked as a junior executive for another company.

We had learned long ago that "junior executive" was another name for slave. They could work her any number of hours and pay her only slightly more than she made when she was just another worker bee. They dangled that promotion carrot in front of her all the time. If she worked long enough and hard enough then eventually she would be somebody, maybe.

She had met the man who was about to become my new "dad" in the elevator one morning several years ago and he had been hitting on her ever since. Not in a harassing way, but there was no doubt that he wanted her. She had always joked with him and tried to keep it light. She had no intention of cheating on my father.

She said that she had begun to allow him to wear down her defenses after my father died. Not right away, but as our situation grew steadily less bearable she became steadily more desperate. I guess she had eventually seen Larry Flack as our only way out.

He apparently knew what her motives were and didn't care. He wanted a pretty, sexy, young wife. Mom was really beautiful and when she dressed up she could be really hot. Not that mom was young. She was thirty-five. But she could easily pass for a woman in her late twenties. I was starting to realize that this was a business arrangement for both of them. She was being evasive again though. There was still something that she wasn't telling me.

Mom was going to continue to work, at least for a while. He might decide later that she should stop working, but for now he was allowing her to work.

I asked about his three sons and she informed me that she had not met them yet. Our dinner date was the first time that she had gone out with her future husband! In my mind that made what had happened when he drove us home all the more bizarre!

He had showed her pictures of his sons. Mom said that they were thirteen, fourteen and sixteen years old and all three of them were good looking boys. Other than that she knew nothing about them. She only remembered the name of the oldest, Chase.

The school year had just begun and I had tried desperately to think of some way to stay in my school, at least until the end of my junior year. I thought of moving in with one of my friends or just not telling the school that I had moved. But I knew that mom wouldn't go for it.

Still, when I asked when the marriage was scheduled to take place I felt like I had just been kicked in the stomach when she told me that they would be married as soon as the blood tests and the legal documents were taken care of. She figured on two weeks from today at the very most.

It was one thing when this earth shaking event was going to take place at some unspecified time in the future, hopefully the distant future. But two weeks! In two weeks I would be moving into a home with three teenage boys and a man I had just met for the first time. I would be leaving the school I loved and all of my friends and going to live with four males I didn't know. The only thing that I knew for sure was that Larry Flack was a very dominant man who had already taken over my mother's life. I had apparently overheard far too much of them sealing the deal this evening.

I was tempted to ask my mother how she felt about what had just happened to her. I knew that she was nearly as shy as I was. I was shocked at what I had heard from the bedroom next to mine before I managed to get my headphones on. I tried not to think about what I might have missed. I guess that if my mother had allowed that man to order her to undress and then suck is cock in the demanding tones that I had overheard tonight then we must be in pretty dire financial straits.

Mom told me that I should start packing my personal belongings. My new father would come over tomorrow and look through the house to see if there was any furniture worth moving. Everything we owned would be sold, except for our clothing and our personal items.

She sat quietly on the side of my bed for a few more minutes and then she whispered again that she was sorry and got up and went to her room. I heard the shower running for a while and then the house was quiet.

I hardly slept at all that night. My thoughts, my worries circulated through my head totally out of my control all night long. I woke up from what little sleep I did get an hour earlier than I normally get up on Saturday. I was too wound up to stay in bed though, so I got up and took a quick shower and went out to our small eat-in kitchen. I had some juice but I didn't feel like eating.

My mom came out in a few minutes and said, "You look tired. I guess you had trouble sleeping last night too?"

I just nodded.

Mom made coffee and we sat quietly at the table while the hot water dripped through the coffee grounds filling the small room with its pleasant aroma.

When the coffee was ready she poured herself a cup and sat back down. The silence was oppressive and soon she asked, "Have you thought of any questions since last night?"

I had a dozen questions, but I could only reply, "None that you can answer. Are you sure that this is the only way?"

I saw that it looked like she was going to cry. I realized that I was making it more difficult for her and I felt bad about that. I got up and went over and put my arms around her and said, "I'm sorry mom. I know you are doing what you think is right. I'm not upset with you. I'm just scared."

She said, "Me too Sara, me too." And she really did sound scared.

Larry showed up around nine. I realized that I was thinking of him as Larry. It would be very hard for me to call him dad. Maybe after I knew him better, but for now he was just the strange and frightening man that my mom seemed to be selling herself to.

He greeted us cordially, but I noticed that he treated us more like servants than his new wife and daughter. Maybe my impression was colored by my feelings about this situation, but that was the way it seemed to me.

I followed them around the small apartment as they did an informal inventory. There were some pictures of our family before dad died and Larry said that we could keep them, but he didn't want them displayed in his home.

I thought that was kind of cold. He was still my father! I didn't say anything though. We went through the kitchen and the living room and, except for the few pictures we would be allowed to keep, Larry decided that everything would have to go.

We moved down the hall to mom's room and Larry went through everything. I was really surprised, and embarrassed. He even went through mom's underwear! He didn't say anything at first, but after he had looked at everything he said, "You are going to need all new clothes. I don't care for the dowdy things you wear. You have a beautiful body. You need to dress to emphasize it, not hide it. You definitely need new underwear. That stuff all looks like my mother's underwear! I'll pick out an outfit to wear when we leave. Everything else in here can go. There's no sense moving it."

We went to my room last and if I thought I had been embarrassed watching him go through my mother's things, this was much worse. He stood at the door and looked around and then went in with mom and me trailing behind. He looked around and said, "All of this furniture can go."

After looking around he moved to my closet. He opened the door and looked through my clothes which were crammed tightly into the small closet. I had a much larger closet in our old house and now I had to cram things in pretty tightly. He struggled with what I had hanging there and then became impatient and said, "The hell with it. Your things are almost as bad as your mother's. We'll pick out something for you to wear when we leave, but the rest of this can stay too."

Somehow, the idea of this man selecting my wardrobe made me nervous. Mom didn't say a word though, and I was just as intimidated by him as she seemed to be.

He backed away from my closet and the embarrassment I had felt up until now was nothing. I had been embarrassed when he went through my mother's lingerie, but she was going to be his wife so maybe he was entitled to have a say in what she wore. I certainly didn't think that my underwear was any of his damned business!

Apparently I was wrong. He walked to my small dresser and went through the drawers. He pulled out a random sampling of my bras and panties and held them up and shook his head. I was very tempted to tell him that my underwear was none of his damned business. But somehow I couldn't. I looked at my mother. Surely she would object to this. This man had no business concerning himself with my underwear!

Nothing! She just stood there blushing as her husband-to-be inspected my underwear! He turned to me and asked me if I had a suitcase.

I nodded. I was too shocked to answer out loud.

He said, "Get it out and we will pick out a few things for you to pack when I get back."

Then he took my mother's arm and led her out of my room and I stood there thinking, "Get back from where?"

He didn't go far. He led my mother into her bedroom and as soon as the door closed I heard him order her to strip. The walls are so thin that I could hear their clothing rustling as I reached under my bed and pulled out my suitcase.

There was no talking coming from the other room. This time I guess she knew what to do without being told. I tried not to think about it. I didn't want to know about my mother's sex life. If you can call what they were doing a part of my mother's sex life. I didn't get the impression that they were making love, or even having sex. It was more like he was using my mother to get his rocks off.

I sat on my bed in shock as I listened to the sounds filtering through the wall. Fifteen minutes later he came back into my room alone. I was so embarrassed that I couldn't look him in the face. He went right to my closet and selected a sundress and tossed it to me.

He moved to my underwear drawer again and this time he pulled everything out and dumped it on the bed. As he went through my bras I saw a movement and looked up to see my mother watching from the door to my room with a concerned look on her face. But she didn't say a word as Larry selected a couple of my sexiest bras and tossed them into my suitcase. Then he did the same with my panties. He picked up the ones that caught his eye and ran his fingers through them thoughtfully and if they appealed to him he tossed them in my suitcase. Most of them didn't appeal to him and he left them in the pile.

When he was done with my underwear drawer he said, "No more pantyhose. I don't approve of them. If you require hose you may wear thigh highs. With legs like yours though, I don't see any reason for you to wear them. Now, show me your sleepwear."

I pulled out my pajamas and he just shook his head. He got a disgusted look on his face and said, "My boys have more attractive pajamas than this. These won't do at all. Don't bother to pack them."

I looked pleadingly at my mother in the doorway, but she just looked down at the floor.

He turned to leave and I called out, "Wait! What about my clothes? What am I going to wear? I don't..."

That was as far as I got. He turned back and said patiently, as if he knew that he was talking to a moron, "We will get you and your mother both new wardrobes. Don't worry about that crap. Letting you wear that stuff bordered on child abuse. You're a girl. Girls like to shop for new clothes don't they? You should be excited. You can also pack up your shoes and any personal items and toiletries. We have decided that you and your mother will go ahead and move in with me and my sons. There is no sense in putting it off any longer."

"After you two are out of here I will have a crew come over and haul away your old clothes for Goodwill and see if I can get anything for your furniture. Go ahead and get ready to leave."

He looked up at my mother and said, "Are you ready Karen? You don't have time to be standing around gawking. Go get packed. You two come out into the living room when you are dressed and packed."

Before he left my room he told me to take my t-shirt and shorts off and put on the sundress that he had selected for me.

I stared at my mother, dumbfounded at the turn of events. I thought that I had a couple more weeks to say goodbye to my friends and get used to the idea of going to a new school. Mom just shrugged and turned and went to her room.

I stared down at my suitcase and wondered when we would be going shopping. I didn't even know what I would be wearing to bed tonight. Hell, I didn't even know where my new house was.

I was having a terrible time collecting my thoughts. I couldn't even think as I looked around at all of the familiar things that I had to get rid of. I finally came to my senses and packed my school books and my few items of jewelry.

I threw my shoes into a knapsack and packed my toiletries. I packed my personal pictures and my iPod and my camera. Then I went around and made sure that I wasn't leaving anything I should be taking.

Finally I removed my shirt and shorts and put the sundress on. It buttoned up the front and was reasonable attractive. Larry wasn't happy with it. I knew that it was too conservative for his tastes.

Once I was dressed I carried my things out to the living room. The idea of strangers going through the things I was leaving behind made me very uncomfortable. It was an invasion of my privacy. Some strange men would be digging through my clothes, through my underwear. It was just too embarrassing to think about.

Mom was already in the living room with one small suitcase and a toiletry bag. She looked like she had been crying, but I couldn't say for sure. I felt like crying too. I felt like it must feel to be taken away by the cops. I felt like I was being arrested, or kidnapped.

Larry grabbed the two largest suitcases and mom and I grabbed the rest of the bags and we followed Larry out to his car. He tossed all of the bags in the back seat and mom and I slid into the front.

As soon as the car pulled out of the parking lot Larry relaxed and began to drive with one hand while his other hand moved to my mother's knee. Mom stared straight ahead as Larry's hand pulled her legs apart slightly and out of the corner of my eye I watched as his hand slid confidently up her thigh and came to rest very close to her crotch.

I couldn't believe that she would permit this. I couldn't believe that she would permit this if I was not there, much less with me sitting there beside them where I couldn't help but notice.

He wasn't satisfied with just holding her thigh though. I saw his hand move again and I saw my mother jump and I knew that his finger was now resting against her pussy. I was getting grossed out and I wanted desperately to turn away. For some reason though, I was unable to stop watching as his hand moved lightly between her thighs.

My shock increased when, as her skirt rode up I couldn't help but notice that she was not wearing panties.

We rode in silence, except for my mother's loud breathing until Larry said, "I suppose this is a lot for you to adjust to all at once Sara. But we might as well get it over with and get you guys moved in. On Monday we can get you transferred to your new school and I'm pretty sure you will like living at my house much better than in that tiny apartment."

Somehow I didn't think I was going to like living in his house as much as he was going to like having me there. My mind flashed back to the look on his face as he ran his hands through my underwear and I was getting more convinced than ever that he had more on his mind than rescuing my mother from a life of poverty.

I thought that we were being driven to Larry's house, but instead he pulled into a parking lot and announced that we would go in and get a few items to tide us over until we could go shopping for new wardrobes. He explained that we would need to replace our pajamas and my mom and I would need new bathing suits so that we could take advantage of the pool in his backyard.

I looked up at the store. We had never been in it. I had noticed it before. I had even thought that someday, when I was older, I would like to shop here. It was called Sweet Nothings. Sort of a Victoria's Secret, but much larger and they sold sexy clothes as well as lingerie. Their ads in the paper were always pretty hot.

As soon as we entered the store I was in awe of the clothes that I saw everywhere I looked. They were beautiful. They ranged from slutty to sophisticated, but they were all beautiful and sexy and revealing. I couldn't help thinking though that these were not the kinds of clothes that my mother would ever wear. I also thought that they were a bit inappropriate for a girl my age. I certainly didn't see anything that looked appropriate to wear to school.

Larry didn't seem to share my reservations. My mother did. It was obvious that she was uncomfortable. But still she didn't balk at anything Larry told her to do. I know that she had never been very pushy, but I was beginning to think that she had been given a complete spinectomy.

There were only a few other customers in the store but they didn't pay us any attention. Mom and I followed Larry around and he went first to a bathing suit display in the back corner of the store.

He picked out a handful of suits and handed them to my mother. I saw only enough to know that they were not much different than going naked. I knew I couldn't wear one of them. I waited for him to select something more appropriate for me, but he seemed satisfied with his selections and he made his way to the sleepwear section.

The first thing that I noticed was that there were no pajamas. There was just rack after rack of sexy sleepwear. The kind of thing a woman might wear for her boyfriend or husband. None of the items that Larry selected were appropriate for a sixteen year old girl in a house with a man and three teenage boys.

He selected several sets of baby dolls for my mother and me and I was embarrassed just to be holding them. He also selected a lacy, sophisticated, seductive looking peignoir for each of us. Everything was tiny and all but transparent. I kept waiting for my mother to say something. I was unable to believe that she would not balk at the clothing he was selecting. If I had tried to get her to buy me any one of these articles of clothing two weeks ago she would not have said no, she would have said hell no!

I kept looking at my mother, waiting for her to speak up. She wouldn't meet my eyes though. What was she thinking?! Did she think it would be alright for me to wear these things in front of Larry and his three sons?! Not that I could of course. I am not a stripper and I do not intend to parade around half naked for their entertainment. He had given us robes to wear over the baby dolls. They were just as transparent as the baby dolls.

I finally had to say something. "Um, Mr. Flack, dad, I don't think I can wear these. I don't dress like this. You can see right through this stuff. You know I'm only sixteen, right?"

He just grinned and said, "Sara, you dress much too conservatively. I'm sure you will look beautiful in those things."

I looked at my mother again. She just stared at the floor.

Larry said, "We'll just get you each one outfit today so that you'll have something to go shopping in tomorrow and then we can go home."

We followed Larry to a rack of short dresses that looked like they were for little girls. They were shorter than any I had ever worn before. I watched him select a dress for my mother and then after looking through them he handed one to me.

I stared at it, not sure if he was serious. He was. He turned away and I thought that we were finished. If only!

We moved to the underwear section and he picked out a handful of sexy panties and thongs for both of us. The panties he picked were all sluttier than anything I had ever owned before. I took comfort in the fact that at least they would be hidden under my clothing.

I expected him to select a few bras before we left but he stared at my breasts for a moment and said, "You don't need a bra Sara. Those pert little tits of yours look just fine."

My jaw dropped at that. I looked again at my mother, but she still didn't react. I resented his description of my breasts. I had been wearing a B cup bra for almost a year and I was pretty proud of my breasts. Like most girls I suppose, I would prefer that they were a little larger, but they were perfectly formed and matched up reasonably well with my frame and each other.

No matter how proud of them I was, I had no desire to walk around with them on display. I had gone out without a bra before. But I had always been well covered in layered tops, not dressed in sheer and semi-sheer tops and dresses.

Once more I thought this humiliating experience was finished. We headed to the front of the store and I thought that we would be checking out. It seems the humiliation that I had been experiencing since Larry came to our apartment to get us was only a prelude. It turns out I didn't know what humiliation was yet.

Instead of checking out we headed for the fitting rooms against the opposite wall. There were a couple of men there, standing around waiting impatiently for their wives or girlfriends or whatever to try on clothes. They glanced at us as we approached but then looked away.

Their attention quickly returned to us when Larry guided my mother into one of the four fitting rooms at the end that did not have doors. I watched as my mother turned bright, bright red but allowed him to guide her into the fitting room. I actually started to feel faint as I heard Larry order my mother to undress and try on the dress that he had selected for her.

She never even protested! She unbuttoned her blouse slowly and as she undressed the two men standing nearby moved closer and watched. I too watched as my shy, conservative mother removed her blouse and hung it on a hook. She was not wearing a bra!

I had never seen my mother's breasts before. Or at least I had not seen them since I was an infant. Her breasts were very nice for a woman in her mid thirties who had given birth. They appeared to be a C or D cup and though they sagged slightly they appeared to be firm and perfectly formed. Her nipples were much larger than my own and at the moment they were quite erect. She couldn't have been turned on though. The look on her face was of total humiliation.

She had been struggling to unfasten her skirt and I could see that her fingers were shaking as finally she managed to get the button undone. I remembered as she struggled with her zipper that she was not wearing panties. I watched in disbelief as she stepped out of her skirt and stood naked in the fitting room for all to see.

I didn't have the nerve to look at the two men standing behind us watching my mother undress. I didn't want to watch my mother being humiliated this way. But for some reason I couldn't tear my eyes away!

I can't remember ever thinking of my mother as a sexual person before or noticing her body. I couldn't avoid seeing it under these circumstances though. I was amazed at how nice her body was. She had great legs too! To me she had always just been mom. It was kind of shaking up my already disturbed reality to see how sexy she looked. It was like I was seeing her as the other men in the store were seeing her. She looked hot! But a girl doesn't want to see her mother in that light.

Mom made no effort to hide her nudity as she removed the dress that Larry had selected from the hangar and slipped it on. She buttoned it up quickly and then stood waiting for Larry to approve.

I noticed that the light material of the dress was semi-transparent. I could make out my mother's nipples! I couldn't actually make out her neatly trimmed patch of pubic hair, but I could see the outline of her legs clearly.

Larry instructed her to turn around slowly and as she turned, even in this dim light I was pretty sure that I could make out the crack of her butt through the material. I was astounded that she would allow herself to be humiliated like this.

I wondered if he would make her try on everything he had selected, but apparently he was finished humiliating my mother for the time being. The show wasn't over though. I saw him turn to me and I was all set to tell him to go to hell.

He didn't say a word to me though. He looked at me and handed the dress that he had selected for me to my mother.

She stepped out of the fitting room, still wearing the dress she had been given and gently but firmly pulled me into the fitting room. At first I was too shocked to protest. But I quickly began to balk as my mother guided me into the small fitting room.

I began to pull back and whispered violently that I would not undress in front of all of these people and I did not want to wear that dress.

I saw her glance nervously at Larry and then she pulled me roughly into the fitting room. As soon as I was inside she got right up in my face and spoke into my ear. She whispered, "I'm sorry Sara. You have to do this. I'll explain later, but you have to. Please, if you don't..." Then she sighed and slumped in front of me.

I whispered loudly and emphatically, "Mom! What the hell is wrong with you?! I can't undress in public. I just can't do it! I won't do it!"

I saw tears in her eyes as she looked into my eyes again and she just said, "I'm sorry Sara. We don't have a choice. We have to do what he wants or I'll go to prison."

It took a second for her words to penetrate my feelings of terror. When they finally did I was almost relieved that there was a reason that she was going along with this, all of this. But I still couldn't do it. I said, "I can't mom! I'm a virgin. I can't undress with those men watching!"

She just sighed and asked, "What if I help? Will you let me help you? Please Sara. We don't have a choice."

I didn't answer. I couldn't. She didn't wait for me though. She started unbuttoning my dress. I stared at her in shock, but she wouldn't meet my gaze. As her shaking hands slowly worked the buttons on my dress open I whispered, "Mom! Why are you doing this?! How can you do this to me?!"

She whispered back, "I have to. I don't have any choice. I told you. If I don't do everything that he wants I will go to prison."

I didn't know what else to say. Out of the corner of my eye I could see the leers of the two strange men staring as my dress was being removed. I also saw the look of interest on Larry's face. He wasn't leering, but he was enjoying my discomfort as much as he was about to enjoy seeing me in my underwear.

I almost started to resist as my mother pulled the sides of my dress apart and slid it down my shoulders and pulled it free and hung it up. I was stopped by the unbelievable statement that she had made about prison. I didn't understand, but she must be incredibly desperate if she could do the things she was doing. So I stood and closed my eyes as she took my dress away and I heard her removing the dress that Larry had selected for me from the hangar.

I was waiting impatiently for my mother to slip the new dress up over my arms. I swear that even with my eyes closed tightly I could feel the eyes of the men outside the fitting booth staring at my bra and my panties as my mother moved around behind me in the cramped little fitting room. I was unprepared, however, when I felt her fumbling with the clasp of my bra and quickly pulling it off, baring my breasts to the three men.

I gasped in horror at being exposed like this, but I didn't speak. I couldn't. I didn't move either. It was like I was paralyzed. I had never been so embarrassed in my life. Three strange men were now staring at me as I stood before them in only a pair of bikini panties. I am pretty sure that I was safe describing Larry as a strange man.

I was terrified that my mother would remove my panties before helping me on with the new dress. Apparently Larry didn't require that final indignity. I felt her slide the dress up over my arms and onto my shoulders. I didn't wait for her to fasten it. I opened my eyes and was shocked to see a fourth man and the wives of two of the men standing there watching with amused looks on their faces. Four men and two women had just seen me all but naked!

I began to frantically fasten the few buttons on the tiny dress. It only came down to a few inches below my crotch. I tried to ignore the fact that my nipples were just as much on display as my mother's were. After being nearly naked in public even this small amount of cover was welcome.

Once I was dressed, more or less, Larry nodded and I was saved the humiliation of having to change back into my other dress. I crossed my arms over my breasts and we went to the cash register. Larry handed the dress I had worn in and the skirt and blouse that my mother had been wearing to the attractive redhead behind the counter and asked her to throw them away. While my clothing was being thrown away Larry turned back to me and frowned and said, "Put your arms down. That sort of defeats the purpose."

He turned back to the woman behind the counter and asked to borrow a pair of scissors. He handed them to my mother and she removed the tags from the new dresses we were wearing while Larry paid for our new clothes. There may not have been much material but the things he selected were pretty expensive. Larry chatted amiably with the woman behind the counter and just before we left he asked about their hours on Sunday. He said that his "two new slaves" needed complete new wardrobes!

I did a double take and turned to look at my mother. I knew from the way that he said it that he wasn't kidding! The truth of his outrageous statement was when yet again my mother stood there in silence. I thought surely that the woman at the register would have a problem with what Larry had just said. Boy was I wrong! She smiled and looked at my mother and me and said, "You have excellent taste in slaves Sir. I am a slave as well." Then she pointed out the attractive young woman who worked for her and said, "My Master owns her as well."

Larry smiled and said, "Yes, I know. I have had some business dealings with Paul. He told me all about you and Kara and he recommended your store to me."

I was in total shock now. I mean it. I couldn't even walk as Larry said goodbye and turned and walked away. My mother had to pull me along after him. I wasn't fighting her. It was just that my mind couldn't grasp this. I was totally blank. I allowed myself to be pulled back out to the car and we threw our new clothes into the back seat and got back in the car.

As soon as the car was moving again Larry's hand returned to my mother's thigh. I heard her gasp as his hand moved against her pussy and Larry said, "Karen, when I left your house last night I thought that you were going to explain our arrangement to your daughter."

Mom replied in a whisper, "I told her most of it sir. I just couldn't tell her ... I couldn't tell her everything. I couldn't tell her that I was a thief. I couldn't tell her that I had agreed to be your slave. Oh god sir! How could I tell her those things?! She knows now, and I still can't tell her!"

Larry chuckled. It sounded kind of evil to me, though that may have just been because of what had just happened to me and the fact that he was sitting there with his hand on my mother's pussy.

I waited for someone to explain and finally Larry said, "Sara, your mother is a fucking thief."

My mom groaned in humiliation. She seemed more upset by what he was saying than she was about having his hand up her skirt and playing openly with her pussy in front of her daughter!

Larry continued, "She attempted to steal several thousand dollars from her employer. I was able to intercede on her behalf before he had her arrested. I offered her a way to get out of debt and avoid prison. She isn't happy about it, as you might expect, but she has no choice and she knows it. If she is arrested she will lose the only two things that she has left, you and her freedom. Since you have no living relatives you would become a ward of the state and start moving around from foster home to foster home while she became a federal prisoner for several years, after which she would have no home and no money and no chance of getting a job at all. Not even a fast food restaurant will hire a thief."

I was staring at my mother in shock. Shock seemed to be my only expression any more. She wouldn't look up. She just whispered, "I'm sorry baby, we were broke. I was desperate."

I felt sorry for her, but at the moment I was more concerned for me. "But mom," I exclaimed, "you sold me into slavery?!"

My mother just bowed her head a little more.

Larry said, "I repaid her employer and she works for me now. I have had the hots for your mother for a while and she has always politely but firmly rejected me. There will be no more rejection, will there Karen?"

My mother said, "No sir."

Larry was getting irritated at her whispering though. "Speak up god damn it! All of your damned whispering is getting on my nerves."

My mother cleared her throat and said, "I'm sorry sir," in a much louder but still quiet voice.

Larry chuckled again and said, "Yes, you are sorry. Sorry you got caught. You are an expensive piece of ass. All of your bills and what I had to pay your old company to keep your ass out of jail makes you the most expensive pussy I have ever bought. But then, I never bought one to keep before. I never got a two for one deal on it before either. So I'm not complaining."

I guess the unasked question had been answered. It seemed obvious now that I was not just a decoration here. I was not just coming along for the ride. Larry had every intention of having sex with me, and my mother was going to let him!

I had not been paying much attention to where we were going. There were too many distractions. The events that had taken place this morning, this strange conversation, the sight of a man's hand on my mother's pussy. I noticed that most of her lower abdomen was now exposed and his hand was resting over her pubic area cupping her pussy. I could make out the movement of his middle finger and I guess that what he was doing was getting to her because her breathing was getting louder and she seemed very tense.

No teenage girl should have to witness what I had witnessed this morning, or worse yet, be forced to allow her mother to undress her for an audience of strange men.

So by the time Larry pulled into the driveway I had no idea where I was. I was totally disoriented. We were parked in front of a large brick home in a subdivision of large brick homes. They all seemed very big and very expensive. When I say large, his house was larger than the apartment building we were moving out of!

Larry turned the engine off and said, "Here we are." Then he opened his door and got out.

I sat for a moment and looked around at what was to become my new home. Or perhaps I should say my slave quarters. I would have preferred to be returned to my tiny, rundown apartment and my old life. I knew that wasn't going to happen though. I glanced at my mother who had yet to pull her dress back down over her exposed vagina. I really wished that she would cover herself. I didn't want to see that.

She saw the look on my face and realized that she was sitting there exposed. She quickly pulled her skirt back down. I got out and she slid over and stepped out behind me.

Larry called out, "Chase! Brad! Get over here!"

I looked up and noticed two teenage boys coming out of the garage. Their eyes went to my mother and then to me and they stared at us rudely as they hurried out to see what their father wanted. I don't think that they even saw our faces! They openly ogled our figures through the tiny dresses we wore.

He introduced us to his two older sons, Chase was the sixteen year old and Brad the fourteen year old. They said hello, but they stared at our breasts the entire time. I had forgotten that my breasts were so openly displayed by this nearly sheer dress. Not much of my legs was covered either.

Larry ordered the boys to get our things out of the back seat and take them upstairs. He told them to take everything to his room and he would sort them out upstairs. The boys grabbed our bags and took off and Larry led us inside and gave us a tour of the house. It was a freaking mansion! The backyard was huge and so was the pool that took up a large part of it. It was big enough to be a public swimming pool! It was pretty though, not just a square pool. It was curved and had a little lagoon and an island in the middle. It looked like something you might see in an ad for a fancy tropical resort.

After touring the downstairs and the backyard Larry led us up the winding staircase to the second floor. I was led to my room and I may have been sold into slavery, but damn! My bedroom was bigger than the living room in our old house had been! I even had my own bathroom! The furniture was right out of a magazine and the carpet felt like it was ankle deep.

We went down the hall to Larry's bedroom, the master bedroom. It was a suite. Mom's closet was almost as large as my bedroom down the hall. The bedroom was huge and had a sitting room and a set of French doors that opened out onto a nice sized deck overlooking the pool. Their bathroom was almost large enough to turn a car around in. It had a huge walk-in shower and a fancy Jacuzzi tub and a separate room for the toilet and bidet. There was marble and ceramic tile everywhere you looked.

We went back out into the bedroom and separated our suitcases. I took my bags to my room and while I was unpacking the few things that I had been allowed to bring with me from our apartment Larry came in with the clothes that he had bought for me today.
Continues...

Pages: Prev | 1 | 2 | 3 | 4 | 5 | 6 | 7 | 8 | Next

Home - Top Feedback to author

Home « Vulgus's Page - Settings
A New Life for Sara
by Vulgus
Copyright© 2008 by Vulgus


Pages: Prev | 1 | 2 | 3 | 4 | 5 | 6 | 7 | 8 | Next

Continuation...

He handed me the bags and said, "Put one of the bathing suits on and come down to the pool. There will be a lot of rules for you to obey while you are here. I won't give them to you all at once. You would forget and then I would have to punish you. The first ones are obvious. You do what you are told when you are told to do it. No begging, no pleading, no nothing. You just do it. If you ever say no to me it better be the right answer. If you refuse to do something then you will be severely punished. I don't even tolerate that from my sons, and they aren't slaves."

"Now, the next two rules are that you never, ever, close your bedroom door and you never, ever, close your bathroom door. That seems pretty cut and dried. Do you have any questions?"

'Why me' came to mind, but I knew that would be a waste of breath. I just said, "No sir."

He smiled and said, "Good girl. Go ahead and change now. Don't dawdle. I'm looking forward to seeing you in one of those new suits."

I stared at the doorway after Larry left my room. The house seemed quiet now and there was not a lot of traffic in the hallway. But I had seen the way that Chase and Brad had stared at my mother and me when we arrived. I lived in a house with a man and his three teenage sons and I was not permitted to close my door! I stood like that, almost in a trance as I tried to wrap my mind around my new reality. I found myself spending a lot of my time in the last hour or so feeling like crying, but struggling desperately not to.

I finally forced myself to turn around and empty the plastic bag from Sweet Nothings out on my bed. I set my new panties aside in a small pile, a very small pile. I laid my new super-sexy sleepwear aside. That left the two bathing suits. Yes, I was sure that Larry was looking forward to seeing me in one of these!

I had seen Larry pick the suits up from the display and I knew that they were small and revealing. It turns out I had been pretty clueless. They were not just tiny. They were totally sheer. The three little patches of cloth would just barely cover my nipples and the narrow slit of my pussy. And I have very small nipples. Everything else was just string.

I held up the degrading little suit and I realized that I would have to shave my pubic hair off. I grabbed the small bag with my toiletries and went over to the door and looked out. I saw no one around in the hallway and I grabbed one of the suits and went into my bathroom. I got out my razor and a pair of scissors and laid everything out on the sink counter.

I was just starting to unbutton the short row of buttons down the front of my dress when I heard a noise and looked up. I nearly screamed when I saw Chase standing in my bathroom door grinning like an idiot, a malevolent idiot.

I stopped what I was doing and waited to see what he wanted. He said, "Don't stop what you're doing. You need to get out there before dad starts getting impatient. Trust me. You really don't want to piss him off. He's a big fan of corporal punishment."

I didn't know what to do. Did I really have to undress and shave my pubic hair off with this boy watching me?! I realized that was the point of not being able to close my doors. It was all about exposing me, humiliating me and making me feel vulnerable. It was working very well.

I didn't want to do it. I knew it would make me seem even weaker and more vulnerable, but I couldn't help it. I desperately didn't want to do this. I had to appeal to him. "Please Chase, this is so embarrassing. Couldn't you let me... ?" I couldn't finish. My voice trailed off and I forced myself to look up. I saw the look on his face and I knew I was wasting my breath.

He knew how hard this was for me. I could see it written all over his face. He was really enjoying it too. I realized that my pleas just increased his pleasure. I knew that he was right though. I didn't dare "dawdle". Larry was waiting to see me in what little there was of my new suit.

I looked down and returned to unbuttoning my dress. It didn't take nearly long enough and all too soon I was holding the two sides together and trying to find the courage to take it off. I could feel his eyes on me. He wasn't standing that close to me but it seemed like I could almost feel the heat from his body. I knew that he could outlast me. I even suspected that he was enjoying the suspense and my humiliation as much as he was going to enjoy my nudity. I took one more deep breath and slowly pulled the sides of my dress apart and slid it off of my shoulders in one slow motion.

I heard his breath catch as I bared my breasts. I tried to ignore him. His quiet whistle of appreciation didn't help. I dropped my dress on the counter beside me and he said, "Nice tits!"

I ignored him and contemplated my next task. I was about to have to remove my panties in front of a boy for the first time. As if that wasn't humiliating enough, I was pretty sure that he would be watching as I shaved myself. That seemed like a terribly intimate thing to do in front of a boy.

I was still struggling with the concept of removing my panties when he said, "I said, nice tits."

I looked up at him. I tried not to see the large bulge in his trunks. I wanted to slap him. I wanted to slam the door in his face. I wanted to scratch his eyes out. He was staring at me with a smug arrogant look on his face, very much like his father. I guess we both knew I was going to lose the battle. I was at the bottom of the food chain in this house.

I finally said, "Thank you," in a voice that was almost a whisper. My voice broke and I found myself struggling not to cry again. For some reason I didn't want them to see me cry. It couldn't have been pride. I didn't have much of that left.

I hooked my thumbs into the waistband of my panties and pushed them down and stepped out of them. I hated it that my hands were shaking so obviously. I tried to ignore Chase as I spread a towel out on the toilet and sat on it. I used the scissors to cut my pubic hair down to stubble. I was a blonde and my hair was thin and light and had only recently started growing out so that I thought I looked like an adult. I kept it trimmed neatly, up until now. I had never even thought about cutting it all off though. I was not happy about what I was having to do in order to wear a bathing suit that I didn't want to wear.

While I was working on my pubic hair Chase finally stepped into the room with me and bent over for a closer look. He still had that arrogant grin on his face. He looked at my pussy closely for a moment and said, "Nice cunt too. Dad said you were still a virgin. Is that right?"

I was just finishing up with the scissors and when he spoke I wanted to drive them right into his face. I had hated that word from the first time that I had heard it. It was so demeaning. But then I realized how stupid that was under these circumstances. My mother had sold me to these people. She had sold them my cunt. I was trying very hard not to hate her for this. I know that she was trapped. I couldn't help thinking though that other people were poor and they didn't sell their daughters. They didn't sell their daughter's cunts. Damn her!

I had to ask Chase to move so that I could get my razor and the shaving gel. He backed up a little and straightened up while I stood and dampened a cloth with warm water. I grabbed my razor and the can of shaving gel and sat back down on the towel. I dampened the remaining stubble and set the cloth aside. I reached for the gel but Chase stopped me.

"Here, let me help you with that," he said.

Before I could react he had squirted some of the gel onto his fingertips and he began to spread it over my pubic mound. I gasped and jumped as if he had touched me with a live wire. Because that was how it felt.

For the first time in my life a boy was touching my pussy. It was being done against my will, but that didn't matter. The feeling was still electric. I fought desperately to remain calm as he moved his fingers over me. He wasn't looking at my face though. He was staring at my pussy and I realized suddenly that despite his smug, arrogant demeanor, he had not had all that much experience with the opposite sex either. He may not be a virgin, but he obviously had not seen or touched a lot of naked girls.

That realization didn't make it any easier for me to be naked in front of him. For some reason though, I wasn't as afraid of him once I realized he wasn't all that experienced.

Chase rubbed the gel over me for much longer than was necessary. When he finally moved his hand away I managed to take a couple of deep breaths and steady my nerves before I began moving the razor over my mound. It was hard to concentrate with his face just inches from my crotch as I worked. Once I finally got started though, it didn't take long and soon my pussy was totally bald.

I used the damp cloth to wipe off the residue of the gel and just before I closed my legs and stood up he moved his hand over the area again. He smiled up at me and said, "Nice job. Smooth and sexy, I like it. Dad is going to love it too."

I thought, "Great! They both like little girls!" That was what I looked like now. But there was nothing that I could say to him. I didn't want to make him mad.

I closed my legs and stood up. Chase stepped back and watched as I struggled with that tiny suit to cover what little area it would actually cover. Once I had it on and the strings adjusted and tied I looked in the mirror and realized that all that it actually did was emphasize the areas that were supposed to be covered. They just added a little color and called attention to my nipples and my slit. It was totally obscene!

Chase was enjoying the hell out of it though. He watched my every move and when I was done and staring at myself in the mirror he stepped up behind me and I felt his hand slide down over my ass. He stood staring at me in the mirror and said, "God you are hot! I don't know how a girl that looks like you stayed a virgin for so long."

He turned me around and looked at me closer. He even bent down and looked at the tiny strip of sheer cloth over my pussy and then he straightened up and said, "You act like you hate this."

"Of course I hate this!" I exclaimed. How could he think anything else?!

He grinned that increasingly irritating grin of his and asked, "If you hate this so much, why is your pussy wet?"

I didn't even have the nerve to look. If he was telling the truth I didn't want to know it. I put my shaving gear away and folded up the towel until I could dispose of my pubic hair. I went out into my bedroom and put my sandals on. As I moved around I could feel his eyes on my butt.

I knew that I was now a sex slave. I don't mean that I had accepted it, or that I was resigned to my fate. At least I wasn't yet. I was obeying orders though. I was doing things and allowing things to be done to me that I could not have conceived of twenty-four hours ago.

I was pretty sure that Chase and his brothers were going to be in on the fun and games. I wondered how long it would be before Chase could come into my room and demand that I have sex with him. I knew he wanted it. I could not help noticing that large bulge that he didn't try to hide. I had to assume that his father was saving me for himself. At least until he had taken my virginity. I shivered in fear as that thought occurred to me and then I headed down to the pool.

I walked down the carpeted hallway to the stairs on shaky legs. I felt so naked and so vulnerable. I had just spent close to half an hour exposed and humiliated by a boy. Not just a boy, a boy my age that I now lived with and who had the power to order me around. It just seemed like I had been short of breath since this morning. Everything was happening so fast! And everything that was happening was awful.

I walked down the stairs with Chase following closely. When we got to the bottom of the stairs he came closer and put his hand on my ass as I walked towards the door to the backyard. I tried to ignore him. What else could I do?

I had assumed that when I got outside things would quickly go from bad to worse. Even so, I wasn't prepared for what I saw when I opened the door and stepped out onto the patio. I came to a sudden stop and stood staring at my mother not fifteen feet from me. She was wearing a suit that was identical to the one I was wearing except that mine was bright red. Hers was hot pink. I don't know what they had been doing to her before I came out. Her bra, if you can call those two little patches of sheer material a bra, was up around her neck and her little thong was hanging by one string around her right thigh.

She was down on her knees between the legs of Larry's youngest son and she had his cock in her mouth. Just as Chase and I stepped outside the fourteen year old, Brad, was sidling up behind my mother and was about to put his cock into her from behind. I watched in shame and disbelief as she ignored Brad and continued to suck on the youngest boy's cock.

I doubt if any normal teenager, boy or girl, thinks of their mother as a sexual being. Seeing my mother like this was unimaginable to me. I knew this was rape. I knew that she was being forced to do these things. I just didn't know if that made it better or worse.

Larry called me over to where he was sitting so that he could inspect my new suit. I was grateful to be distracted from the sexual tableau being played out in front of me and I gave them a wide birth as I walked around them and made my way reluctantly over to where Larry sat leering at me.

I stopped in front of him and he looked me over for a moment. When he had explored my all but naked body with his eyes for long enough he said, "Beautiful! Come over here and sit down."

He pulled me into his lap and one of his large but surprisingly soft hands engulfed my breast as he held me on his lumpy lap. He explained, "That boy that your mom is sucking off is my youngest, Kevin. He is thirteen, but as you can see from time to time, he is pretty well developed for his age. This is his first blowjob though, so it probably won't last long."

I had managed to look away from my mother's rape at the hands of Larry's two youngest boys. Larry insisted that I keep watching though. It was the first time that I had seen a naked penis or an actual sex act and I was having trouble figuring out my reaction. I seemed to be fascinated, but repulsed, all at the same time!

Larry's hand on my breast wasn't helping. He pulled the tiny bra up so that it hung down from my neck just like my mother's was. He teased my breasts for a long time before he began to lightly toy with my nipples. I wanted desperately to hate what he was doing. I certainly found it degrading that I was forced to allow this old man to use me this way. I was feeling more than embarrassment though. I was so excited at being touched by a man's hand that I was having difficulty catching my breath.

I was surrounded by horny males and the sight of my mother sucking a cock and getting fucked and I felt a man's hands on my breasts for the first time and it was all so overwhelming.

It turns out that things were just getting started. I hadn't seen anything yet. Kevin had apparently just cum in my mother's mouth and he pushed her head away and said, "Son of a bitch dad! That was fantastic!"

Larry laughed softly and said, "There are going to be plenty more where that came from Kevin. Now get up and let Chase sit down."

I saw my mother glance over at us and I saw that she was crying softly. She held on to the arm of Kevin's chair for balance because Brad was still pumping into her from behind. I watched her breasts swaying in time to his strokes for a second, but then I was distracted by Chase when he moved closer and slid his trunks down. I gasped as his hard cock came into view. I had seen it pressing against his trunks when he was tormenting me upstairs and I knew that it was pretty large. I was still unprepared for what I saw.

Judging from the gasp that my mother let out, she was surprised too. Chase's cock was only the second one I had seen. And since Kevin was only thirteen I guess that it isn't a fair comparison. But it seemed awfully large from where I was sitting.

I watched as Chase sat down and my mother leaned back down and began licking his cock and his balls for a moment before she started sucking him with what seemed like a lot of enthusiasm to me.

While I was watching my mother service Chase and Brad, Larry had continued to move his hands over my body. He reached over and untied the string on my hip and the tiny little patch that was supposed to be covering my slit fell loosely against my thigh. I jumped as his finger slid up and down my slit and I was embarrassed at how wet I was.

He slid his finger inside me, moving slowly and gently deeper into my virgin pussy. I hated him and I hated that I had to submit to this treatment, but there was no denying how exciting it felt to have a man's finger inside of me. I was startled to realize that my eyes were closed and my head was lolling back against his shoulder as his finger slowly penetrated me.

I wondered if he was going to tear my hymen with his finger and I realized that at that moment I wasn't as worried about it as I should have been. He didn't though. I felt his finger come into contact with it and stop.

He said, "I'll be damned," under his breath and pulled his finger back a fraction of an inch. He left his finger inside of me and began to tickle my clit with his thumb and I couldn't fight it any longer. I was getting closer and closer to orgasm. He must have been watching me because just as I was about to cum he stopped.

I cried out as the feeling started to fade and after a pause he started again. He brought me right to the brink of orgasm twice more and each time he stopped before I could cum. I was about to start screaming at him to let me cum but before I could he started talking softly in my ear.

He ordered me to open my eyes and he said, "Look over there at your mother. Do you know why she is doing that?"

I was still panting but I managed to choke out, "Because she doesn't have a choice."

Larry said, "Well, she has a choice. She has no good choices. She has decided that this is the path of least resistance. But your mother and I have made a deal. The reason she is sucking Chase's cock so enthusiastically right now is that she has agreed to do anything and everything my son's and I tell her to do until you graduate from college. In return, I have promised to put you through the college of your choice and allow you to keep your virginity."

"That doesn't mean you get a free ride," he continued. "Your mother is going to help you learn how to suck cocks. You will suck any cock on demand as long as you live here. You will allow anything that me, or my sons, or anyone else that we give permission to, wants to do to you. You will permit anyone to look at you, to undress you, to touch you, or to make you perform any act short of giving up your virginity."

"If either you or your mother refuses to obey any order between now and the time you graduate from college then all bets are off and there will be no more limits. That bargain is subject to your approval. If you don't wish to be a party to it then our agreement is cancelled. It's up to you now. Do you agree to the terms of that agreement?"

As he had explained the terms of the deal he had reached with my mother, his finger had continued to delve into my pussy and his thumb was again tickling my clit. At that moment I wanted nothing more than to have an orgasm and if I had to get fucked and lose my virginity to get it then I was just about willing. Just about, but not quite.

I didn't even really have to think about it. I was at his mercy anyway. I hardly hesitated at all before saying, "Yes! I agree! Please, please I need to cum!"

I hadn't really thought about what I was agreeing to. My brain was pretty fogged up right then. But again, it didn't really matter. He could just as easily rape me for the next two years and then toss me out in the street.

That was the last thing on my mind at that moment though. He finally allowed that giant orgasm that had been building up to happen. It was the most exciting thing that had every happened to me. I had masturbated before, and I liked it. But it had never been like this! I cried out loudly as my body went rigid and wave after wave of pleasure washed over me. It went on and on and finally I went limp in his lap and shivered and sobbed quietly.

He let me get my breath and then he said, "See, it won't be all bad. Now stand up and take that suit off. From now on we'll save it for when we have company over."

I struggled to my feet and after a moment I managed to untie the strings that held the suit together with my shaking hands. It didn't cover anything anyway. Not even when it was in place. I wadded it up and tossed it on a nearby table and Larry said, "You are a lovely young thing. This is going to be a difficult bargain to keep. I would dearly love to fuck you. Now, go over to that cooler over there and bring me back a beer."

I spotted the cooler he was talking about and walked unsteadily over to it and pulled out a beer. I had been so dazed that I didn't even notice until I was on my way back that my mother was sucking Kevin off again. I handed Larry his beer and he said, "Go over there and kneel down on the other side of your mother and watch closely what she does. It won't be long before you will be doing it. Your mother obviously isn't an expert either, but it's a place to start."

I was just starting to get the full use of my senses back. I walked over to where my mother was sucking off a thirteen year old boy who was about to become my stepbrother and Brad came up behind me and dropped a cushion beside the chair for me to kneel on. I nodded my thanks, but he was staring at my naked body so hard that he barely noticed.

This was the second time around for Kevin and I would have expected it to take longer. I guess if you are thirteen and getting your second blowjob it still doesn't take very long, even if your new stepmother-to-be isn't an expert cocksucker.

I had just dropped to my knees when Kevin stiffened up and swore softly. I had time to see my mother take his cock into her mouth a few more times before Kevin lifted his hips and I saw my mother struggling to swallow as he came in her mouth.

She held his cock in her mouth a little longer, until he gently pushed her head away again. I saw his cock close-up for the first time. It had started to go soft, but it was still nearly erect. It wasn't all that big I guess. It looked like it may have been just barely five inches long, maybe a little less. It wasn't very big around either. It was much smaller than Chase's cock. Still, I had no desire to put this cock or any other in my mouth. Not ever. I knew girls did that sort of thing. Most girls did it at one time or another I suppose. It seemed to me to be a particularly nasty thing to do. I mean, Christ! They pee out of that thing!

Mom couldn't look at me. The tears had stopped flowing but it was obvious that she had been crying, a lot. It was also obvious that they didn't care. Or if they did care they were getting a kick out of it. All four of them seemed to be in a very good mood, excited at their sudden good fortune, especially the boys who had just gone from a life of desperate horniness to having an abundance of free pussy in their own home on a permanent basis.

Now that I was close to her I could smell the cum. I know that at least two of the boys had taken her from behind. I assumed that was what I smelled. It was a strong, bleachy scent. I guess it was a little unpleasant, but I couldn't help thinking that it would be better to have that stuff running down your thigh than to have to swallow it.

Then I remembered what Larry had said. I would be required to give them all blowjobs any time that they wanted them. Didn't he also say that there would be others? I think he did. Maybe being a virgin wasn't all that important. I realized though that even if we didn't have that arrangement to preserve my virginity I would still be forced to suck them off whenever they wanted. I guess I should be grateful for what I could get from them.

Brad was seated in front of mom now and I looked at his cock. It was soft now, but slimy. I remembered watching him take my mother from behind just a few minutes ago and it was apparent that he had not cleaned himself off. His cock was really disgusting. It was also larger soft than Kevin's was when it was hard.

I watched my mother lean forward to take Brad's cock into her mouth. She looked like she was going to be sick, and I felt the same way. Brad stopped her before she got her mouth on his cock though. He reached out and put his hand on her forehead and said, "Hold on mom." The way that he said mom made it sound like a dirty word.

She looked up at him and he said, "I want my new sister to get that ready for you?"

I knew that I was going to be sick now! He grinned at me and said, "Don't worry Sara. You don't have to suck it this time. I want you to take it in your hand and make it nice and hard for our mother. She has already sucked me off once and I just fucked her a few minutes ago. So it may take a little effort. But you are one hot little bitch and I'm pretty sure that you can do it. Move over here a little closer so I can play with your tits while you play with my cock."

He turned back to mom and in a sickly sweet and very sincere tone of voice he asked, "You don't mind if my new sister gets me hard so you can blow me again do you mom? You must be getting pretty tired by now."

I reached out my hand and gingerly wrapped my fingers around his soft cock. It was the first cock that I had every touched. It was wet and sticky and the idea that the moisture I felt was a combination of the moisture from my mother's vagina and a boys cum was nearly making me ill. I noticed that mom had tears running down her cheeks again. I really, really didn't want to touch Brad like this. But I couldn't help noticing how hot and how soft his cock felt. I moved my hand slightly and his cock twitched.

Brad said, "Karen, I mean mom, show Sara how to make my cock feel good. She has probably never seen one before and could use a little motherly advice."

I couldn't help thinking, "What a fucking creep!"

My mother reached out and wrapped her hand around mine and began moving it slowly up and down while Brad began teasing my nipples. His cock started growing in my hand and it felt really weird, but not as weird has having your mother guide your hand up and down on some guys cock!

He must have really liked the idea of a mother and daughter working on his cock because it quickly got hard again. His cock was nearly as large as his older brother's and after a few minutes, when he told my mother to go ahead and start sucking him off again, she was having a difficult time of it. If she had sucked him off earlier then this must be her fifth blowjob in the short time that we had been here. I imagine that her jaw must have been getting pretty tired.

I continued to watch. I knew that was what Larry wanted to see. He liked the idea of me down here beside them, watching my mom sucking his sons off. I was interrupted by Chase though. I felt a tap on my head and I looked up to see him standing slightly behind me.

He said, "I'm going to fuck your mother now sis. I want you to suck my cock for a minute to get me ready to put it in her cunt."

I knew that he was being gross on purpose. I wasn't as put out by his words as I was by the idea that I was about to take a boy's cock into my mouth for the first time, with an audience!

I turned my body towards Chase and looked at his cock. It was reasonably clean. I had watched my mother suck it just a few minutes ago. There was something on the head of it. A few flakes of what I assumed was dried cum. His cock was still soft and hanging down limply, but it seemed nearly as large when it was soft as it had been when I saw it hard earlier.

I swallowed nervously and licked my lips. I started to lean closer reluctantly when I saw his cock twitch. I paused, but then I leaned down and opened my mouth, prepared to take the end of his nasty cock into my mouth.

Before my lips closed around him though, he stopped me. "Kiss it first, sis. Kiss my cock and my balls, and then lick me. Then you can suck it for a couple of minutes. Have you ever sucked a cock before sis?"

I wish that he would stop calling me sis. He used that same derogatory tone of voice that they used when they called my mother 'mom'. They were just trying to degrade us. I shook my head violently in answer to his question. I said, "No, I've never done anything before," and then I leaned forward and kissed his cock.

It felt very hot on my lips. It was soft and warm and it twitched again when I touched my lips to it. I tried not to think about what I was doing. I moved my lips all around, kissing his cock and his balls and when I had covered them with kisses I began to lick.

It wasn't so bad I guess. There was no unpleasant taste and except for the traces of dried cum on the tip of his cock he seemed to be clean. His cock began to grow, slowly at first, but then rather quickly and soon it was hard. It seemed even larger, right in my face like this. I was not looking forward to putting it in my mouth.

He was though, and he quickly had enough of my licking. He let me work at him for another minute and then he said, "Okay sis, suck it now."

I moaned in fear as I realized that the moment I had been dreading was finally here. I licked my lips again and took the head of his cock into my mouth. I knew that I was doing a terrible job of it, but it was my first time and I was terrified.

Chase just watched me. He didn't say anything or correct the things that I was doing wrong. He didn't hold my head the way he had when my mother sucked him off a little while ago. He just watched me struggle to please him.

I began taking more and more of his cock into my mouth. I had never done it before, but I was vaguely aware of the concept. I was only able to take about half of his cock into my mouth before I started gagging uncontrollably.

He turned to Larry and said, "Shit dad, I know it's her first time, but damn! She doesn't suck cock worth a shit. I hope she's a fast learner. Maybe I should bring the football team over after school and give her a couple hours of practice."

Larry chuckled and said, "Not right away Chase. Let's see if we can teach her something first. You don't want to be embarrassed in front of your friends do you?"

Chase pulled his cock out of my mouth and said, "Turn back around and pay attention to what your mother is doing. Get a fucking clue, bitch!"

I was fighting not to cry now. My eyes were blurring from the tears forming, but I didn't want them to see me cry. I don't even know why. I just didn't want to be weak in front of them.

Chase moved behind my mother and she adjusted her position so that he could get between her legs. I watched him as he dropped to his knees and then he looked over at me and said, "Come over here sis. I want you to line my cock up with mom's cunt so I can fuck her."

I groaned in humiliation, or was it desperation, and moved into position to obey him. I looked at my mother's pussy. I could see the liquid that had oozed out of her and run down her thighs. The smell was stronger back here and it was very unpleasant.

I felt a few tears run down my cheeks despite my resolve to not let them see me cry. I ignored the tears and wrapped my fingers around Chase's hard cock and carefully pulled it down into position at my mother's opening.

As soon as I had it positioned he pushed his hips forward and I watched the head of his cock disappear into my mother's pussy. I watched as inch after inch of his long, fat cock disappeared inside of her and then I moved back to watch as my mother finished sucking Brad's cock.

Chase grabbed her hips and started fucking her violently and with each thrust she was grunting loudly and her mouth was being forced farther and farther down on Brad's cock. I could see that she was fighting to limit how much of it entered her mouth but even though they were just teenage boys they were both larger and stronger than her and she was being tossed around like a ragdoll between them.

I watched in amazement as on one particularly violent stroke Brad's cock slipped past the entrance to my mother's throat and suddenly her lips were wrapped around the base of his cock.

She struggled to pull back but Brad held her tight and moaned in pleasure. I saw him tense up and he swore loudly and I knew that he was cumming straight down my mother's throat.

I watched as her struggles diminished. At first I was afraid that they were killing her but I realized that she wasn't fighting for air, she could breathe. She was just trying to free herself.

I heard Larry laugh and say, "That's more like it cunt! That's what I want to see from now on. Are you watching this Sara? That's the way to suck a cock!"

He is going to make me do that! Oh god. I'm pretty sure I won't ever be able to do that!

Brad finally let go of her head and my mom pulled away from him. She was gasping and gagging and she really looked like she was about to be sick. It didn't bother Chase though. He just kept pounding into her from behind.

In another moment or two he said, "Since you don't have anything to watch anymore sis, get your pretty ass over here and tickle my balls while I fuck mom. I'll cum faster. She is probably getting pretty tired by now. She's been out here fucking and sucking cocks for over an hour now."

I edged closer to Chase and then I leaned over to look at his balls as they swung back and forth in time to his violent strokes. He took his hand away from my mother's hip and reached down between my legs and tickled the space between them and said, "Right there, rub me lightly right there while I fuck her."

I jumped when his finger touched me, but I could see why he wanted me to touch him like that. It felt kind of nice. I reached down between his thighs and rested my hand against the crack of his sweaty butt. I struggled to keep up with him as he returned to fucking my mother.

I had just gotten used to following Chase's movements with my hand when Kevin came over and got down on the other side of me and began exploring my body. He played with my breasts for a minute and then he turned to Larry and said, "I like her tits better dad. They ain't as big, but I like them."

Brad grinned and said, "Yeah, she's pretty hot. It's a damned shame we can't fuck her. But I guess once she learns to suck a cock as good as her mom does she'll be worth keeping around. She is fun to look at though."

Just then Chase muttered, "Aw fuck!" and he got all twitchy and then he tensed up and pounded viciously into my mother a couple more times before he stopped and shivered and I knew that he was shooting more cum into my mother.

They finally let my mom rest after that. The boys all went over and used the outside shower one at a time and then Larry told my mom to rinse off.

My mom got up and for the first time I saw that she too had been forced to shave her pubic hair off. It looked obscene, just like mine did now.

After she rinsed off she dried herself and then she went inside to use the bathroom. While she was gone I ended up back in Larry's lap with his hand on my pussy.

My mother came back out several minutes later and Larry was gracious enough to offer her a cold beer. She glanced down at his fingers playing with my pussy and I saw the pain in her eyes. She didn't say anything though. She looked around and spotted the cooler and went over and got a beer and came back and sat down at the table with us.

No one spoke for a while. The boys had gone into the pool and were horsing around and bragging loudly about their recent sexual exploits. I had the impression that it had been the first time for the two youngest boys. Chase was being kind of cagey and I wasn't sure if it had been his first time or not. I didn't think it was though.

Larry listened to them proudly for a moment and then he turned to mom and said, "I guess you're having a hard day Karen. I imagine they'll be kind of rough on you for a week or two, you and Sara both. But once the novelty wears off it probably won't be so bad."

He was quiet for a moment and then he said, "On the other hand, they are teenage boys. It is a pretty horny time in their lives. But I'm sure you'll learn to cope. It's only sex."

He spoke to me then. "Sara, you may have noticed that they have pretty much left you alone. Well, at least you haven't had to actually suck them off yet. You can thank me for that. I wanted to get your first blowjob. Don't worry. I don't expect much from you. But I expect you to try. To be honest, the idea of a beautiful sixteen your old girl sucking my cock is irresistible. I have been walking around with a hard on since I saw your picture on your mother's desk. That pretty face and those pouty lips and your innocence are irresistible. I am going to enjoy the hell out of this even if you can't suck a cock worth a shit. I think I've shown remarkable willpower today, but I don't think I can wait any longer. So why don't we go ahead and get this over with?"

Larry took his hand off of my pussy and helped me to my feet. I stepped back and he stood up and ordered me to take his trunks off. I was scared, but after everything that had already happened to me today this kind of thing was getting easier. Not easy certainly. But I had been stripped in public in a lingerie store. I had been forced to undress and shave my pussy in front of my new stepbrother. And worst of all I had spent the last hour and a half either watching these three boys raping my mother or actually helping them do it. I didn't want to do this. Not any of this. It was humiliating. But the things that they made me do were becoming just one degrading and humiliating act after another. I don't mean to imply that I was getting used to it. I guess I was just learning to cope with it.

At least that was what I was trying to tell myself. I mean, I was almost getting used to being naked in front of this man and his three sons. Not comfortable, but used to it. I had been touched all over my body for a couple of hours now and I hated the idea that I had no choice but to permit it. But it had felt pretty damned good sometimes. And I had touched a cock for the first time and it hadn't been so bad. I didn't like doing it, but the feeling that I got when I touched a naked boy was somehow very compelling. I couldn't deny that it was exciting on a level that I couldn't control.

My resolve began to fade as soon as I started working Larry's trunks down. I struggled to free them from the bulge in front and when the head of his large cock popped free only inches from my face I suddenly didn't feel so confident. It was even larger than Chase's cock. And now it was in my face, not my mother's. Up until a few minutes ago the concept of taking a man's cock into my mouth and sucking it and allowing him to cum in my mouth, these had all been abstracts. Now it was about to happen and I was terrified all over again.

I finally managed to slide Larry's trunks down and he stepped out of them and kicked them out of the way. He didn't sit back down right away. He ordered me to examine his cock, to get familiar with it. It was only inches from my face and I could see every hair and every freckle in exquisite detail. I noticed that a clear liquid was leaking from the small hole in the head of his cock and it looked like it had been leaking for quite a while.

I knew about the lubricant that leaked out of man's cock, just like the stuff that had been pouring out of my pussy most of the afternoon while he and his sons had been molesting me. I knew about it. But I had no desire to become familiar with it at this point in my young life.

Larry called my mother over and soon she was kneeling beside me and I saw the look of shame on her face. It was tearing her up that I was being forced to do this. I suppose that it was even worse because she had to help. I couldn't help feeling sorrier for me than I did for her though.

My mother took my hands and placed one of them around Larry's cock and showed me how to cradle his balls with the other. Then she gently pressed against the back of my head. I resisted for a second, but I realized it was hopeless and I allowed her to guide my lips to the head of his cock.

She began telling me quietly what I would have to do and what I could expect to happen. She told me to lick the head of his cock and then take it into my mouth. She warned me to be careful not to touch him with my teeth. She told me how to move my head and my hands.

Just as I began to move my lips down over his cock I became aware of his three sons watching eagerly as I performed my first blowjob under my mother's guidance. I saw the lustful looks on their faces and I also saw the tears running down my mother's cheeks.

That was all I saw before Larry's cock reached the back of my throat and I started gagging and my eyes started filling with tears. Everything was a blur now, and that was better. I didn't want to see all the faces around me.

My mother put her arm around my shoulder and talked to me quietly. She told me that the gagging was natural but that it was a psychological reaction. I just needed to calm down. She told me to swallow before I started to move my mouth down over his cock and it would fool my brain into accepting being touched in the back of my throat and I wouldn't gag.

It took several attempts, but eventually I learned that she was right. I couldn't actually swallow with my mouth full of that big cock, but making the attempt seemed to stop the gagging. Even so I could only get about half of his cock into my mouth. He didn't complain though. He and his sons just watched me as I began moving my head up and down the way my mother was instructing me. When I had that motion more or less mastered she taught me how to move my hand in a coordinated effort and soon I was giving him a passable blowjob.

At least I think I was. He wasn't complaining.

He stopped me after a couple of minutes and sat back down in his chair and as soon as he was comfortable he told me to get back to work. I moved between his legs and returned to doing what I had been doing and my mother straightened up and stayed out of the way.

Larry was apparently every bit as pleased with the sight of a sixteen year old girl sucking on his cock as he said he would be. I suppose watching my mother service his boys for more than an hour had helped to turn him on too. I may not be an expert at this, but I could tell he was getting close.

Larry moaned and said, "Just a little faster now Sara."

I was dreading what was about to happen. The concept of some strange, vile liquid shooting out of the end of his cock and filling my mouth was truly disgusting. My mother began talking to me quietly again. She told me what to expect, what it would taste like and how to handle it when it happened. I am guessing that she was just telling me to do the things that he had made her do when she sucked his cock since I gathered from their earlier remarks that she was no expert cocksucker either.

He moaned loudly and I felt him tense up and then he almost yelled, "Now you sweet bitch! Fuck! I'm cumming!"

I was terrified, but I followed my mother's explicit instructions. I moved my lips back up to the head of his cock and closed them around the tip while I sped up the motion my hand was making up and down the fat shaft. Seconds later I felt the hot liquid spewing out of the end of his cock and filling my mouth. I gagged again as my mouth filled with the slimy, bitter liquid, but I held on and forced myself to keep my mouth in place over the head of his dick and I continued to masturbate him until he reached down and held my hand still.

He sighed and then he looked down at me and said, "You did a pretty damned good job for a first blowjob you sweet little bitch. You are going to be easier to train that I thought. Now, I want you to carefully straighten up without spilling a drop."

I carefully slid my lips off of the end of his cock and he shivered as my lips moved over the head of it. I sat up with my mouth still full of his vile sperm and wiped the tears from my eyes.

I could see again and I didn't like what I saw. Not just the smug look on Larry's face, but the looks of lust on the faces of his sons, and the three brand new hard ons, all pointed right at me.

Larry instructed me to use my tongue. He wanted me to get familiar with the taste of his cum. I moved the liquid around in my mouth with my tongue, exploring the taste and the slimy texture. It was not as horrible as I feared, but it was still nasty. The flavor was unpleasant, but it was the idea of what I had just done that really bothered me.

Larry watched my face as I obeyed his orders and then, after a minute or so, he ordered me to kiss my mother and share my prize. I looked at him in disbelief for a moment, but I guess my mother had been told to expect that command. She didn't even hesitate. She leaned forward and put her lips to mine and I felt her tongue trying to pry open my lips. I started to pull away. The idea of what he wanted me to do now was almost as disgusting as the blowjob itself! He wanted me to French kiss my mother with a load of his cum in my mouth! My mother pulled back a little and said, "Please baby, we have to do what he says."

She touched her lips to mine again and I still resisted when I felt her tongue at my lips. But eventually I gave in. I allowed her tongue into my mouth and the thought of what we were doing; the idea of how low we had sunk in such a short time was almost too much. I was crying into my mother's mouth as I began to French kiss her. It took a moment for me to realize that she was crying too.

I felt her tongue exploring my mouth and extracting some of Larry's cum. Her tongue moved in and out of my mouth and finally Larry stopped her and ordered us both to swallow. I think that, of all the humiliations that had been heaped on us since this morning that this was easily the worst, the most degrading thing that I had ever done in my life. But as that thought crossed my mind I thought, 'so far'. This was just day one. I had six more years of sexual servitude to look forward to!

Larry seemed to bask in our horror and shame at what we had just done for a few moments. He really enjoyed treating us this way. I don't know how long he would have gone on staring at us like that if Chase hadn't said, "Come on dad!"

Larry chuckled and pulled my mother into his lap. As soon as he had her arranged the way he wanted her he said, "Okay boys, go ahead and take your turns. But don't take too long. It's time for them to get in there and start supper."

Chase moved out from behind his father where he had been watching me perform my very first blowjob. They had been told that they couldn't have me until I had sucked Larry off first. Now I was fair game and they were impatient to stick their hard cocks in my mouth and bathe my tonsils in more loads of hot cum. Chase sat down on the cushion where my mother had been kneeling beside me and said, "Come on bitch, my turn. Suck it."

I turned to face him and looked down at his hard cock. It was not that much smaller than his father's. I realized that all three of these boys had been having sex with my mother all afternoon and they would probably last much longer than Larry had. I tried not to think about that though as I bent down and did the things to Chase that I had just done to his father.

I had just started sucking Chase's cock when I became aware of Brad and Kevin kneeling down on either side of me. They each began to play with one of my breasts and one of them began to play with my pussy. I tried to ignore them but that got harder when one of them, I couldn't tell which one was doing what at first, stuck a moistened finger against my ass and pushed it gently but forcefully inside of me. I realized after a minute or two that it was Brad.
Continues...

Pages: Prev | 1 | 2 | 3 | 4 | 5 | 6 | 7 | 8 | Next

Home - Top Feedback to author


Home « Vulgus's Page - Settings
A New Life for Sara
by Vulgus
Copyright© 2008 by Vulgus


Pages: Prev | 1 | 2 | 3 | 4 | 5 | 6 | 7 | 8 | Next

Continuation...

At first it was just annoying. But before very long it was starting to feel very good. I hated it. I didn't want to enjoy what they were doing. But they kept it up and it was becoming a major distraction. Maybe that was what Chase was waiting for. I don't know. I just know that I was moaning in pleasure as I moved my head up and down on his cock when suddenly, just as I was on the verge of having an orgasm, Chase put his hand on the back of my head and pulled hard.

I guess we were all amazed when Chase's cock slid right down into my throat. I was so shocked that I didn't even fight at first. Chase was holding my head down and my nose was pressed tightly into his pubic hair. I forgot all about my orgasm and began to struggle to pull back. He was holding on tight though and he was telling me in a loud, forceful voice that I was fine, I could breathe.

I was panicking though and I continued to struggle. Right up until one of the other boys suddenly slapped my ass with all of his might. Just the sound of his hand striking me that hard must have been heard all over the neighborhood.

I screamed around the cock in my mouth and my eyes shot open. I was looking right into Chase's face and he told me again that all I had to do was relax. I could breathe through my nose just fine.

I don't know how he could know that. I had watched him with my mother and she had not taken him down her throat. I stopped struggling though and much to my surprise I actually could breathe! Not without difficulty. My airway was constricted by the large slab of meat which had been forced into my throat. I was able to take short panting breaths though.

I felt the hand that had slapped my ass return to my rectum and begin to probe again. As Brad's finger wormed its way back into my ass Chase said, "Just relax for a minute and get used to it. Once you get used to it you can to it on your own. It won't be so bad then.

He finally moved his hand away from the back of my head and I tried to relax a little more and get used to the feeling of that big piece of meat stabbing down my throat. At first I had trouble convincing myself that I wasn't going to choke and that I could breathe. But I gradually began to get distracted by the fingers again and I was sobbing quietly, though I don't know if it was despair or pity or, god forbid, desire. No, I may have been getting some pleasant sensations from the fingers on my breasts, but I wasn't feeling desire.

I have no idea how much time passed before Chase said, "Okay cunt, keep your hands on my thighs and start sucking me off again. I want to feel my cock going down your throat on every stroke from now on."

I gingerly pulled my head up, drawing his large shaft through my lips until only the head of his cock remained in my mouth. I took a deep breath and started sliding my lips and tongue back down his shaft. When the head of his cock struck the back of my throat it stopped. It wouldn't go down at first and the pain in my throat from making the effort was making me cry harder.

I expected him to grab my head and force it again but suddenly it went past that barrier and slid down my throat. I think I was more surprised than anyone else when it went.

I pulled back once my lips reached the base of his cock and then repeated the process. Each down stroke was an ordeal. It became easier, but no less painful, at least not until very near the end when my throat started getting numb.

I never regained that pleasant feeling that I had gotten from the fingers in my pussy. The shame and the pain and the disgust I felt made it impossible. Even though he was really turned on by what I was doing it took him a long time to cum. I was exhausted by the time I heard him say, "Okay cunt. I'm getting close. Pay attention, I don't want to shoot down your throat. I want you to enjoy it, savor the taste. Get ready bitch!"

I made one more stroke with my mouth and then I knew it was happening. I pulled my mouth back to the head like I had done for his father and began to beat him off with my hand as he shot his cum in my mouth. It was nowhere near as much as his father had filled my mouth with. It didn't feel like it was much more than a tablespoon if that. I guess he had shot so much cum into my mother this afternoon that this was all that he had left.

I waited until he was done and then I sat up and compared the taste to the taste of his father's cum. Chase's cum had a much milder flavor. It wasn't pleasant. But it wasn't nearly as strong and bleachy as his father's had been.

I felt everyone's eyes on me as I tasted his cum for a moment and then swallowed. After what I had just gone through, swallowing was pretty painful, but if I had to choose between swallowing and holding it in my mouth I was going to go with swallowing.

Chase caught his breath for a moment and then he struggled to his feet. As soon as he moved away his place was taken immediately by Brad.

Brad didn't say anything. I guess he didn't need to. I knew what was expected of me. His cock was marginally smaller than Chase's was. So I hoped that it wouldn't hurt as bad when it went down my throat.

I leaned back down and after licking and kissing his cock and his balls I took his cock in my mouth and went to work. My throat was already very sore, and my jaw was sore and tired too.

As I went to work on Brad's cock I felt Kevin moving around behind me and he began to slide his cock between my legs and run it through the tight slit there. He didn't try to put it in me but his proximity was making me nervous. I was surprised at how good it felt though. His cock pressed against my slit and I realized that my pussy was leaking like a sieve.

I was distracted for a moment by having to force Brad's cock down my throat, but once I was moving up and down his shaft it became almost automatic and I began to have more trouble ignoring what Kevin was doing, especially when the head of his cock started sliding over my clit.

I was not expecting to enjoy anything these boys did to me, but by the time Brad was on the edge of his orgasm I was nearing one myself. I came just before Brad did and I suppose that was what put him over the edge. I lost control while I was cumming but Brad grabbed my head and held it in place and I felt his cum flood my mouth while I came on Kevin's cock.

I swallowed quickly and then rested my head on my arms while Brad rolled away and stood up. I was crying again. I was furious with myself. I hated it that I had cum in front of them like that.

I felt Kevin pull away and as soon as his cock was gone I was disgusted with myself for reacting the way that I had. I struggled back up on my arms so that he could take his place in front of me and as soon as he sat down I saw the price I was going to have to pay for my orgasm. His cock was covered in my juices.

I stared at it for a moment. I glanced up at his grinning face and I didn't have to be a mind reader to know how much he was enjoying this. He was only thirteen, and maybe he wasn't quite as big an asshole as the rest of his family. But he had a chance to have sex with a sixteen year old girl and he was damn sure going to take it.

He continued grinning at me as I leaned down to suck him off. I was exhausted now. But thankfully his cock was smaller and the head of it just barely entered my throat on my down strokes. I tried to ignore the fact that his cock was slimy with the juices from my pussy, but they were soon gone and I was relieved when I realized that there had been almost no taste to them.

I am not sure if it was because of his younger age or because of the time he had spent sawing his cock over my pussy, but he came very quickly and there was so little cum that I wasn't sure at first that he had cum, not until he carefully pushed my head away.

He stood up and I collapsed on the cushion on my side and covered my face and sobbed loudly. My throat had begun to recover already, but I was so disgusted by what I had just done, and so despondent over the life that stretched out in front of me that I didn't think I could go on.

It isn't like I was expecting pity from any of them, but it would have been nice if I could have had a few minutes to recover. I heard them laughing at me and joking about what a good cocksucker I was for a minute or two and then I heard Larry push my mother out of his lap and say, "Okay bitch, get your whelp and get in the kitchen and fix us some supper. We were so busy fucking around with the two of you we never got around to having lunch. I'm pretty hungry."

I felt his foot nudging my ass and I forced myself to get control of the crying. My mother helped me to my feet and I started to look for something to put on to cover my nakedness when I remembered that I had only been wearing that tiny suit and when he removed it he said that it would only be for when we had company now. The significance of that just sank in at that moment.

He confirmed my suspicions when he saw me looking around and said, "You look just fine like that. Unless someone tells you different there is no sense in you girls wearing clothes around the house.

I groaned in despair and allowed my mother to pull me into the house. I followed her to the kitchen and she turned around and pulled me close and said, "Oh god Sara! I am so sorry. It's my fault. We were about to be evicted and I had no money. I tried to borrow some but my credit was shot. I tried to get an advance on my pay but my boss said no. So in desperation I tried to borrow some from the petty cash where I worked and they knew. They knew right away. I suppose they got concerned when I had tried to get the cash advance. They must have been checking to make sure I didn't do anything stupid. Unfortunately I did. It is the only dishonest thing I have ever done in my entire life and this is the punishment for it. Oh baby, I don't know what do!"

She hugged me tight and I hugged her back. I understood that she had acted from desperation. I knew that we were trapped. I couldn't let my mother go to prison. But I wasn't sure that my sanity would last for the next two years until I could go away to college. I knew that it would be worse for mom though. Her sentence stretched out before her forever.

We were both crying quietly and holding each other. I suddenly became aware of my mother's breasts pressing into my own and I started to feel uncomfortable. I said, "It's okay mom, I understand. We better get to work before they figure out some other way to humiliate us."

I was grateful when she let me go. It was starting to feel creepy, feeling her breasts against me like that.

Mom went to the refrigerator to see what she could find to make for supper. I got a glass of water and after rinsing out my mouth to get rid of the taste of cum I took a long drink. When I had quenched my thirst I did what I could to help her.

There wasn't much food in the house. I imagine they went out to eat or ordered delivery a lot. Mom found the makings for spaghetti and I found a loaf of French bread and we made dinner.

I finally noticed the time and was shocked to see that they had been raping us for nearly five hours. I hoped that they couldn't keep that up for long. Mom and I were both exhausted. If they carried on like this every night I wouldn't last two years!

I prepared the garlic bread and then I set the table. We discussed whether or not to set places for ourselves and decided that we had to eat. If they didn't want us to eat with them they could say so when they came in. I would rather eat standing up in the kitchen than sitting around a table with a family of rapists anyway.

One of the benefits of spaghetti is that it doesn't take long to cook. We put everything out on the table and I went to the patio door and called them in to eat.

We waited until they were seated to find out what they wanted to drink and then we sat down at the dinner table. They had saved us seats on either side of Larry who sat at the head of the table.

The dinner conversation was amazingly banal. They talked about school and a high school football game and just general conversation, like a normal family! They even tried to engage us in conversation. I didn't feel much like talking though, and neither did mom. They didn't seem to care.

Gradually the conversation returned to sex. Apparently this was something that they had not really discussed before and Brad and Kevin both admitted that they had been virgins until today. Chase had only recently become sexually active but had very little experience.

I wondered how having a couple of sex slaves in the house would affect his sex life. After determining how much sexual experience his sons had they began to sound him out about inviting friends over.

Larry said that he may allow them to invite friends over from time to time. But he would have to be assured that they would not tell anyone. It would have to be a small number and they would have to be boys that were absolutely trustworthy. All three of the boys said that they understood and would be very careful.

Larry then said that before that happened he had some plans for us. He was pretty sure that mom and I would be just the right incentive to close a couple of real estate deals he was working on. He had also made some plans with a friend of his, Paul. Paul was the man who owned Jo and Kara at Sweet Nothings.

He intended to invite him over with his three slaves in the near future and allow him to enjoy my mother and me. He also had plans to take us to a strip club. I had been listening to his plans for us and growing steadily more nervous about the future. But when he said that he was going to take us to a strip club, and that we would be putting on shows for the horny old men in there I felt like I had been kicked in the stomach.

I looked up at my mother and her face was white with fear too. I also noticed that Larry wasn't ignoring us. He was watching us closely and getting a kick out of our reactions to their conversation about our sexual future.

Once everyone had eaten, my mother and I got up and started clearing off the table. Every time we got near to one of them they ran their hands over us. But after what we had been through this afternoon it was just a minor annoyance.

Once the table was cleared off we cleaned up the kitchen and when we were done Larry got up and opened a bottle of wine. He led us back out to the pool and poured a glass of wine for himself and mom and Chase and me.

I had never had alcohol before, but after what had happened to me today I was more than willing to try. Anything that could sooth the anguish I was experiencing would be very welcome.

I actually enjoyed it, much to my surprise. It was smooth and warm in my stomach. It even seemed to sooth my throat. While we sipped the wine Larry started laying out his plans for the next two days.

Tomorrow we were going back to Sweet Nothings for complete wardrobes. He warned both of us that he didn't want to hear any shit from us about the clothing he picked out. We might as well get it through our heads right now that he was going to dress us up like sluts and this time we had lots of time so we were going to try everything on in those dressing rooms with no doors. We might as well plan on it right now.

He went on to say that on Monday mom was to drive me to my old school and turn in my books and get my records and enroll me in the school on this side of town. After that was taken care of we could take care of notifying anyone that needed to be notified of our new address. The last thing we would need to do is go grocery shopping. Larry would provide my mom with a credit card and a car to use.

I asked him about extracurricular activities. I was in several after school clubs and I was a cheerleader. I knew that it would be too late to get into cheerleading unless I got lucky and one of the girls broke a leg or something, but there were several other clubs that I belonged to and enjoyed.

He thought about it for a minute and then he said, "See what is available and we'll talk about it later."

I nodded and finished off my glass of wine. Larry poured another round for the four of us and we sat in the dark and sipped our wine. No one spoke for a long time and it was almost restful sitting there in the pleasant evening air. I imagine that two glasses of wine had a lot to do with that.

When the wine was finally gone Larry stood up and pulled my chair out and helped me to my feet. He led me over to the cushion from the lounge chair that I had performed my first four blowjobs on a little earlier and helped me to lie down on my back.

I wondered at first if he had decided to go ahead and take my virginity after all. I very quickly learned that was not the plan, and I would have much preferred losing my virginity to what he had on his mind.

He left me lying there and went over and helped my mother to her feet and guided her over to me. He pushed her to her knees between my legs and forced her head down and when she started to balk he said sternly, "Don't you dare say no to me you stupid bitch or all bets are off!"

I saw my mother start to cry again and for some reason I didn't realize at first what was going on. When it finally dawned on me I just lay my head down on the cushion and closed my eyes and covered my face with my hands and tried not to think about it. What he was making us do now was just too horrible to contemplate.

I felt my mother's hair on my thighs as her head dipped lower and then I felt her warm breath on my vulva. It was horrible. But, and I hope it was because of the wine, when her lips and her tongue came into contact with my pussy I gasped and my ass came right up off the cushion!

I had never felt anything like it! I had masturbated from time to time over the last couple of years. And over the hours that I had been molested around this pool today I had been groped by all four of these males, not to mention a simulated fuck from Kevin.

Nothing had prepared me for the sensations that I got from my mother's tongue invading my pussy and moving over my clit. I started out moaning quietly and struggling to keep my hips still. As I quickly became aroused and began to lose control I was getting louder and louder and I wasn't even aware of what was going on when Larry made my mother turn around and lower her pussy to my mouth.

She never stopped what she was doing. She continued to lick my pussy while she swung her body around and I didn't have a clue until I felt her damp pussy pressing against my lips. By that time I was lost in a sexual haze and I can't say for sure whether I knew what was going on or not. I want to believe that I didn't. I want to believe that I had no idea that I was licking my mother's pussy eagerly and sucking on it and wrapping my hands around her and clasping her ass and pulling her even tighter against my eager mouth.

I slowed down as orgasm after orgasm washed over me, but I didn't stop. I became aware that she was cumming too and that just made it all the more exciting. I don't know how long it lasted, how long we ate each other like that or how many orgasms we had. It seemed to go on and on for a very long time. We were finally interrupted when they pulled my mother off of me and I was moved out of the way. Mom was placed on the cushion on her hands and knees and Larry fucked her violently while Chase began trying to force his cock down her throat the way he had earlier with me.

I didn't get to see if he succeeded though. I was placed on my back on another cushion nearby and Brad knelt over my head and placed his cock to my lips. I felt him wiping my pussy off with his hand while I started sucking his cock. But he wasn't going to let me suck him off this time.

He leaned down and rested his full weight on my body and began to lick my pussy while he fucked my mouth just the way Larry was fucking my mother's pussy. It was violent and painful, but I had had a lot of experience today and I was able to tolerate it. I was in much too much distress to enjoy what he was doing with his tongue though. It was his first time eating pussy, but that wouldn't have mattered. The way he battered at my throat made it impossible for me to enjoy anything he did.

He enjoyed it though. He enjoyed it so much that he came very quickly. This time he didn't come in my mouth. He slammed his cock into my throat one last time and I felt him tense up and I knew that he was cumming.

He collapsed on top of me after he came and stayed that way as his cock went soft and receded from my throat. It was a strange sensation, but I was busy trying to breathe with his weight resting on my chest and stomach.

He finally struggled to his knees and after wiping his cock on my face a few times he moved away and sat in a nearby chair while Kevin took his turn.

Kevin had something else in mind though. He straddled me and began rubbing his hard cock between my breasts. He pressed my breasts together around his cock and sawed his cock back and forth. My breasts weren't really big enough for that, they were just barely a B cup. He seemed to be enjoying it though.

After taking several strokes that way he backed up and bent down and spit on my chest between my breasts. Then he got back into position and this time he made me hold my own breasts together while he fucked them.

He leaned over on his arms with his head almost over mine and stared down at his cock moving in and out of my just barely adequate cleavage and soon he sped up and I was startled when two strings of hot, slimy cum shot out and landed in my face. A couple more drops landed on my neck and finally he slowed down and gradually stopped moving.

He stared down at me, enjoying the sight of his cum decorating my face and then he sat up and used his finger to scoop his cum up and shovel it into my mouth. I ate it without protest and then I sucked his finger clean. Just before he got up he leaned his hips forward and I sucked his cock clean and then he stood up at last.

I was freed just in time to watch Larry grab my mother's hair and pull her around and force his slimy cock into her mouth. She gagged a couple of times but finally she managed to suck his cock clean.

Everyone had finally had enough and Larry ordered us all to our rooms. He told his boys to leave me alone tonight and I was grateful for that. Mom wasn't as lucky. She didn't have a room of her own. She had to sleep with Larry.

I collected the wine glasses and the empty bottle and put them in the kitchen and then I went to my room. I had planned on taking a quick shower and brushing my teeth for an hour or so. Chase had a different idea. He stopped at my door and ordered me not to wash or brush my teeth until morning. He wanted me to get used to the smell and the taste of cum.

It was disgusting, but not as bad as he probably imagined. I felt dirty. I was dirty. I was sweaty too. But while I had the taste of cum in my mouth, the wine almost overpowered it. And there was only the faintest smell of cum. Kevin had done a thorough job of scooping it into my mouth and making me swallow it.

I felt nasty. Hell, I was nasty! I was exhausted though and still a bit tipsy and I fell asleep almost immediately, despite all of the horrible things that had happened to me today.

I didn't wake up until I felt someone shaking me in the morning. I finally opened my eyes and saw Brad standing beside my bed. It took a minute for everything that had happened yesterday to come flooding back into my consciousness. My first reaction was that there was a boy in my room and I was naked. The reality of my situation quickly returned and I remembered everything that I had done, or had done to me yesterday. Brad told me to get up and pulled the covers back.

I was embarrassed all over again, even though I had spent all yesterday afternoon exposed to him. I kept my legs together and sat up in bed and put my feet on the floor. While I was sitting there trying to pull myself together he unbuckled his pants and slipped them down and sat on my bed. He said, "Let's see if you remember what you learned yesterday."

I stared at him blankly for a moment before I realized what he was saying. He wanted me to suck his cock! "Oh goody," I thought facetiously, "cum for breakfast!"

I didn't say anything though. I dropped to my knees on the deep, soft carpet and moved between his legs. He watched me as I repeated the process I had been taught yesterday. I kissed his cock and his balls and licked them all over and then I took him into my mouth and started sucking.

I was surprised that my throat was nearly fully recovered from the abuse of those oral assaults. It was tender, but not really sore. Brad watched me until I took his cock into my throat and then he laid back on my bed and muttered, "Oh fuck that feels good!"

While I was sucking him I was aware of someone coming into my room behind me. I felt a hand on my ass and then it moved between my legs. I didn't know who it was until I heard Chase say, "Damn Brad, I don't know if I can have this cunt around for two years and not fuck her."

I felt his finger moving up and down over my slit and then sliding into me as I sucked off his brother and I was beginning to think it would be hard for me as well. As soon as I realized what I was thinking I slapped myself mentally and tried to concentrate on Brad's cock.

While I was sucking on Brad, Chase took his shorts off and I felt him move behind me and slide his cock between my legs just like Kevin had done last night. His cock was much larger and it felt very good sliding over my slit.

He bent over me and slowly slid his cock through my crease as he held one of my tits in each hand and gently pulled and squeezed at them and I was dismayed to realize how badly I actually wanted that cock inside of me. It didn't seem fair that I was doing all of this work and providing these boys with orgasm after orgasm and they were teasing my pussy for hours on end. But I was getting to enjoy only a rare orgasm at their hands.

I suddenly remembered my last orgasms yesterday and I shuddered in revulsion. I had eaten my mother's pussy! I had been tipsy and I had been forced, but we had eaten each other through a series of wonderful orgasms, all for their amusement. When it was over we had to service them one last time. It had certainly been good for them. I don't know about my mother, but they had been pretty rough on me as I recall.

My mind was suddenly returned to the present when I felt Brad start to fill my mouth with cum. I held the head of his cock in my mouth and used my hand to finish him off the way I had been taught yesterday. He must have recuperated fully overnight because it was a pretty big mouthful by the time he finished.

I lifted my head and swallowed it all down. It seemed to be getting easier each time I had to swallow a mouthful of a boy's cum. The first few had been pretty traumatic. Now, only one day later, I was swallowing like I had been doing it for ages. It seemed like I had too.

Chase was still sawing his cock in and out of the space between my thighs. His cock was very hard and it felt really good against my shaved slit. I rested my head in Brad's lap and enjoyed the sensations as his cock rubbed against me.

Chase could see that he was affecting me. He said, "You like that don't you cunt? You are getting turned on. You wish I would put that hard cock in your pussy and fuck you don't you? You would love to be fucked right this minute, wouldn't you?"

I didn't see any point in lying. I moaned involuntarily and then I said quietly, "Yes. I do like it. I would like to get fucked. I'm fucking human! What do you expect?"

Brad had propped himself up on his elbows and was watching Chase torment me with his cock and he said in a warning voice, "Chase, you know dad will kill you if you pop that bitch's cherry."

Chase groaned and said, "Yeah, I know. But Christ that feels good! I wonder how her ass would feel if I plowed my cock into it right now?"

Brad chuckled and said, "I don't see why we couldn't grease her up and fuck her ass. But don't do it while dad is home, not unless you ask him first. If she starts screaming and he comes running in to see what's going on he won't just beat your ass, he'll take away your fucking driver's license."

I was just about to have an orgasm when Chase stopped what he was doing and moved quickly to sit on my bed. He pulled my head over to his lap and then watched as I licked my juices off of his cock and he said, "Look at all that slime sis. Your pussy is just drooling for a cock. Poor baby, you want to get fucked so badly. All this cock around and all you can do is suck it off. You'd love to crawl up over me and sink that cunt down on my hard cock right now, wouldn't you?"

I groaned around his cock as I sucked it down into my throat. I hated to admit it, but he was right. Being this turned on made it easier to suck their cocks. But I was getting very frustrated. The trouble is, when the arousal went away I was more humiliated than ever because I had let them get to me.

Chase didn't last long. After watching me suck his cock for a few minutes he laid back and enjoyed what I was doing. I was getting much better at recognizing the signals. I soon sensed that he was about to cum and I finished him off with my hand. After I swallowed he told me to go take a shower and go downstairs. Everyone else was in the kitchen.

I got up and went to my bathroom. I had to pee urgently and I rushed to the toilet and sat down just in time. I had to pee so bad that when I looked up and saw Brad watching from the doorway I just ignored him. What the hell. It was just one more humiliation in what was becoming a life of humiliation.

Brad saw how embarrassed I was and he grinned and came closer. He pushed my legs apart and stared at the stream of urine flowing out of me. He watched until I finished and had wiped myself and he said, "No question about it. Guys have it all over girls when it comes to taking a leak."

I had never actually seen a boy pee but I wasn't that stupid. I knew how they did it. I had to agree, it seemed like it was a lot more convenient for them. I was about to get an education on the subject though.

I watched as he pulled out his cock and I stood up quickly as he approached my toilet. He reached down and lifted the seat, thankfully, and then he grabbed my hand and wrapped it around his cock and made me hold it while he pissed.

Actually, I was so curious I wasn't even embarrassed. I had been more embarrassed when he was watching me. I saw the first weak stream start and then it grew quickly to a strong stream splashing loudly into the toilet water. I could actually feel the vibration of the pee flowing through his penis! It was kind of messy, the drops kept splashing up out of the toilet onto the sides of the bowl, but I had to admit, it was pretty convenient.

When he was done he just shook it off a little and stuck it back in his pants! No wonder there was always a line for the ladies rooms but the guys were in and out in about two minutes!

Brad turned around and left, without washing his hands, and I used some toilet paper to clean off the sides of the toilet and then flushed it. I took a quick shower and went downstairs. It was getting late and I was afraid that Larry was going to be upset.

When I got to the kitchen my mother was just pouring Larry and Chase fresh cups of coffee. Larry looked up and smiled and said, "I guess I don't have to ask what took you so long. Brad and Chase are keeping you pretty busy, aren't they?"

It was bad enough that I had to do it. I didn't want to talk about it. I blushed and nodded and asked if I could have a glass of juice. My mother got it for me and then we all sat down.

I could see that everyone had already eaten, but I wasn't hungry. I sipped at my juice and avoided looking at anyone. My mother sat down and sipped at a cup of coffee. Before long Brad came in and sat down. He had gotten dressed. He ordered me to get him a glass of juice and I got up and got it for him. While I was doing that Larry, Chase and Brad talked about what they had done with me this morning.

After I sat back down Chase said, "Dad, me and Brad were talking. If we are careful can we fuck her ass? Sara's I mean. It's going to be hard as hell not to fuck her, but we figured if we could fuck her ass sometimes then it would be easier."

Larry said, "Why? You can fuck her mother any time you want. Why do you need to fuck her ass?"

Chase grinned and said, "It's so damned much fun to put a dick in her. We wouldn't do it often, just now and then. Besides, we don't want to wear our poor mother's pussy out. There are four of us. That's a lot of cock for one woman."

I didn't have to hear the answer to know what he was going to say. He was just drawing it out. I am pretty sure that he was doing it more to tease me than to tease his boys.

Mom and I went in and cleaned up the kitchen and got the dishwasher started and we were both listening to the conversation at the table as we worked. Larry at last agreed to permit them to fuck my ass. Even though I had known it was coming it gave me a sick feeling in my stomach to hear it.

Larry said, "Okay, you can fuck her ass from time to time. But not a lot, I don't want her all stretched out. I'll show you how to grease her up and stretch her out and I'm serious, I don't want you hurting her. If you do I'll fuck your asses up with my belt."

All the while I was thinking that if I am going to be sucking these assholes off and getting fucked in the ass all the time, shit! I'd rather they took my virginity and did it in the right fucking hole!

Once my mother and I had finished in the kitchen Larry sent us upstairs to put on the dresses he had bought for us yesterday. No underwear, just the dresses and shoes.

My mother and I went upstairs and dressed as ordered. It felt good to be wearing clothes again, even something as short and slutty as this tiny dress. I had been naked or all but naked since we got here yesterday and I was very self conscious about my newly developed and still maturing body. I had not gotten used to it yesterday and I didn't think that I would ever be comfortable being naked in front of Larry and his three sons.

When we returned to the kitchen the boys were all complaining to Larry about not being allowed to go shopping with us. They wanted to help pick out our clothes. Fortunately, Larry didn't think it was appropriate for his three sons to be shopping for sexy clothing for their mother and sister and then watching them try them on in a lingerie store. He promised them that when we came home we would model our new clothes for them. They weren't happy about that compromise though. They wanted to watch us trying them on in public.

Larry left Chase in charge and the three of us headed back to Sweet Nothings. I remembered how humiliated I had felt yesterday when my mother had undressed me in that open fitting room with nearly everyone else in the store watching as I ended up standing in only my panties. Today it would be worse since I was wearing nothing under this tiny dress. It really felt weird to be going out in public without underwear.

No one spoke as we got in the car and Larry backed out of the driveway and drove away. As soon as we were moving his hand was on my mother's pussy again. I looked down at my own lap and saw how exposed I was. I wondered if all of my clothes would be like this now. I couldn't even imagine dressing like this for school. I could see where my life was going to be very difficult for my last two years of high school.

When we got to the store I was disappointed to see that there were already several couples inside looking around. It was still pretty early on a Sunday. Well, it wasn't quite noon yet. So I didn't think there would be many people shopping for lingerie. I was hoping for an empty store.

When we entered the owner came out of a doorway behind the counter and said hello. She told Larry that her owner, Paul, was in the office. He had brought her and Kara a light brunch. Larry escorted my mother and I into the small backroom and Paul stood up and they spoke briefly but quietly. We couldn't hear the conversation. There was another man, a younger man, sitting in a chair out of the way. I would later find out that this was Glenn, Kara's husband, and another of Paul's slaves!

While they talked they were looking us over, as was Paul's other slave Kara. Kara kept looking at me and she looked like it made her uncomfortable that a girl my age was a sex slave. Finally! Someone besides me thought it was inappropriate.

Paul didn't seem to share her discomfort though. Larry and Paul moved closer and stood on either side of me and my mother and discussed our relative merits. It was extremely degrading to be treated like this, but we just stared at the floor and waited for it to end.

While they talked, both men felt us up and we were made to turn around and bend over and our skirts lifted up over our asses while the men ran their fingers over our flesh.

After a few minutes we were permitted to stand up straight again and then Larry led the way out into the store. The store didn't have shopping carts. Larry spoke to Jo and explained that he was buying complete new wardrobes for my mother and I and Jo said, "Not a problem, wait here."

Jo poked her head into the office again and Kara came out and grabbed an empty clothing rack on wheels that was parked against the wall and came up to us and said, "We don't have shopping carts, but I would be happy to help you find everything you need and we can just hang everything on this rack and park it by the fitting rooms so that you can try everything on when you are finished shopping."

So my mother, Kara and I followed Larry up and down every aisle in the store and he picked out complete new wardrobes for my mother and I. Everything that he picked up was something my mother would never have worn, or would never have permitted me to wear. All of the blouses were sheer. All of the skirts were micro miniskirts. All of the dresses were sheer or short or both. There were other items too of course. There was a large selection of crop tops and halter tops with crude writing on them. There were also halter tops that had plunging necklines. By plunging, I mean all the way to my belt!

We had to have something to wear with the suggestive tops of course, something besides the tiny skirts. Larry selected tight shorts that left half of our butts exposed. And those were the modest ones!

He also selected a couple of little black dresses that were beautiful, but scandalous. I had always wanted a little dress like that, only about four inches longer and without quite so much cleavage. I am talking cleavage in the front AND back. I hadn't tried it on yet, but it was cut so low in the back that I didn't need to put it on to know that at least some of my butt was going to be exposed if I wore it.

That was the last thing he selected. The rack that Kara was pushing along behind us was full now. We headed up to the front of the store where the changing rooms were located. As we shopped, well, that isn't quite right. Larry had been doing the shopping. As we followed Larry up one aisle and down another I had been keeping my eyes on the growing number of customers in the store. I was surprised at the number of customers in here so early on a Sunday. I had always bought most of my clothes at the mall in the past and I just assumed that most people did their clothing shopping there.

It was a mixed crowd. It was almost exclusively couples, though there were a few women alone and a couple of men who were shopping for their wives or girlfriends, I hope, and looked very uncomfortable. Most of the couples were in their twenties, though not all. By the time we were finished following Larry up and down the aisles there were probably close to twenty couples in the store.

When we got to the fitting rooms with our rack of clothing there was quite a crowd gathered to watch an attractive woman trying on a new dress. She was the only one using one of the dressing rooms with no door. Her face was bright red, but she was smiling and seemed to be having fun. She stripped down to her sexy bra and panties and put on the dress she had selected and stepped out and modeled it for her husband.

I noticed that he had a huge hard on and it appeared that they were both enjoying her little exhibition. After she had stepped out and modeled for her husband, and everyone else, she stepped back into the booth and took the dress off and put her shorts and her top back on.

Once she was dressed she and her husband headed for the cash register. The crowd seemed disappointed, but that was about to change. Larry pushed mom into one of the booths and everyone around us turned back to watch as she took off her tiny dress and stood there naked.

I heard people around us gasping in surprise. I assumed that was because my mom wasn't wearing underwear. I heard several comments about her breasts and her nipples. I heard a lot of complimentary comments about her figure. But everyone was quiet and discreet. There was no cheering or catcalling.

Mom hung up her dress and Larry handed her the first item on her end of the clothing rack. He never gave her more than one item at a time so that except when she was trying on a dress she was always topless or bottomless.

By the time she had tried on a half a dozen items I noticed that there was moisture seeping from her pussy. It didn't run down her thighs or anything, but I could see it glistening in the light. I felt so sorry for her. It continued to be obvious that she was terribly embarrassed during the entire time she spent trying on new clothes. And unlike the woman who had been trying on a dress when we approached the fitting rooms, it was obvious that my mother was not enjoying being exhibited for the pleasure of the other customers.

It didn't seem to bother the other customers that she was doing this reluctantly though. By the time she had finished trying on everything on her half of the rack, everyone in the store was standing around us in a semicircle watching my mother try on one item after another.

I watched them out of the corner of my eye as my mother entertained them with her little strip show. At first they had seemed a little embarrassed by her total nudity. But by the time she had finished they were all smiling and I saw that every male in the place had stopped pretending, they were enjoying the hell out of my mom's little strip show. No one was fooling anyone here. Everyone knew why there were four booths with no doors and everyone knew why some people used those booths. The only reason to step into one of those booths with no door was to show off.

I watched as my mother tried on the last new item of clothing and finally she put her dress back on and stepped out of the way. The crowd was obviously sorry because they thought that the show was over.

They were in for a big surprise. Larry didn't say anything to me. He just gave me a look that said it all. He had already warned us that we had better not give him a hard time. I stepped forward and entered the booth that my mother had just left. I kept my eyes down and began unbuttoning my dress. My fingers were shaking as they worked at the buttons holding my dress closed and I could feel the flush as my face and neck turned bright red.

As I stripped I heard the crowd, which had been pretty quiet except for a low drone of conversation as the couples talked among themselves while my mother put on one item of clothing after another for their amusement. Suddenly the drone of conversation stopped. It became deathly quiet as I undressed. They apparently realized that I was just a teenager and there must have been some mixed feelings among the people watching.

I couldn't be sure, but I glanced up out of the corner of my eye after I had removed my dress and hung it up and it looked like a few of the couples were leaving, but not many. It had to be obvious that I was underage. But except for those few couple, the audience didn't seem concerned with my age. I guess they figured if it was alright with us it was just fine with them if I wanted to put on a strip show.

Larry grinned that shit eating grin of his and started handing me clothes to try on, just like he had for my mother. It seemed to take hours. I tried on every item that he had picked up. Several times an item I was trying on was too large or too small. Whenever that happened, Kara had been sent to find it in another size. So I had ended up trying on those items more than once and standing around naked while she went to find the appropriately sized garment. And just like my mother, except when I was trying on a dress I was topless or bottomless for the entire time.

The thing that bothered me nearly as much as being naked in front of all of these people was that my nipples were so hard they hurt and I could feel my pussy just oozing juices. I didn't understand it. I was totally humiliated. I didn't enjoy this at all and I was not turned on. So why was my body responding like this?!

I don't know how long the show lasted. When we had gotten to the store it had been just a little before noon. I glanced at the clock on the wall when we were checking out and it was after three. I don't know how much of those three hours I had spent naked or nearly naked while I tried on clothes but I was exhausted, both physically and emotionally.

Mom and I stood at the counter while Kara rang up the new clothes that Larry had selected. Larry and Paul were standing nearby talking quietly. As they talked they kept looking at my mother and me. I knew that I was going to hate whatever came of that conversation. I had only been aware of my new slave status for about twenty-four hours, but already I had learned that whenever I saw that expression on the face of a male that was looking in my direction it involved someone making me do something of a sexual nature that I didn't want to do.

After Kara had finished ringing up the sale she waited for Larry to come back over and rejoin us. As we were waiting I was staring at the total on the digital readout for the cash register. In great big LED numbers the total stood at just over $3,250!

I was dumbfounded as I stared at the total. The irony was that it was a huge sum of money for a rack of clothing that did not contain one item of clothing that either my mother or I wanted to wear. As I had tried on each article of clothing I had tried to imagine what I would look like walking around my new high school in it. It was not a reassuring image. Walking around wasn't going to be the hardest part either. I didn't know how I was going to sit down in my classes with those tiny skirts and dresses on. I knew that it wouldn't be more than a day or two before I was the talk of the school. I wondered what kind of dress code they had. We had not bought a single item of clothing that would not get me sent home from my old school.

Larry finally rejoined us and handed Kara his debit card. She ran the card and Larry signed the receipt without any sign of hesitation. I would have been more impressed though if there was anything there that I wanted to wear.

It took my mother, me, Kara, Larry and Paul two trips to get all of the oversized, overstuffed bags of clothing out to the car. By the time we were finished the trunk and the back seat were both full.

I had thought that we would leave then, but once our purchases were in the car Larry locked the car and we all went back inside. We followed Larry back into the little office behind the counter and Paul came in behind us.

There was no door on the small room, but that didn't seem to bother anyone. Larry told me and my mother to undress. While he and Paul and Glenn watched we took our dresses off again and Larry said, "Watching your show out there was a huge turn on. I'm afraid that we are going to need a little relief ladies."
Continues...

Pages: Prev | 1 | 2 | 3 | 4 | 5 | 6 | 7 | 8 | Next



Home « Vulgus's Page - Settings
A New Life for Sara
by Vulgus
Copyright© 2008 by Vulgus


Pages: Prev | 1 | 2 | 3 | 4 | 5 | 6 | 7 | 8 | Next

Continuation...

Larry grabbed my mother and Paul stepped closer and took me in his arms and started exploring my body with his hands while he kissed me. He was a large, nice looking guy, for an older man. He seemed to be about Larry's age or a little older.

It didn't matter how old he was or what he looked like though. I was still doing this against my will. I didn't struggle with him, I was too afraid of Larry. I returned Paul's kiss, if somewhat listlessly. I didn't want to, but I had been warned that the first time I refused an order then all bets were off. I still didn't want to lose my virginity and become a total slut.

I wasn't surprised when Paul slid his finger through my crack and my pussy swallowed his large finger easily. I was embarrassed, but I knew how wet I had become as I entertained the crowd out front.

Paul was careful not to damage my hymen. I felt his finger come into contact with it and then pull back. He broke off the kiss and said, "I hear that for a virgin you can really suck cock. Is that true Sara?"

I hated this kind of talk. But I could sense Larry listening to us. He was already seated in a chair with my mother in front of him sucking his cock loudly. I knew that Larry expected me to respond positively to Paul.

It occurred to be briefly that I had no idea what this vague punishment being held over my head was. Just that I would get fucked I suppose. But once it started I realized that I would have no control over who put their cock in my pussy. I didn't want to test Larry. He had just proved himself to be the kind of man that could enslave and take great pleasure in tormenting a mother and her teenage daughter.

I am sure that I didn't want to experience any punishment that he could devise. The oral sex was bad enough. Even though I got turned on sometimes I knew that I didn't want to give them total control of my pussy the way my mother had hers.

My voice cracked as I said to Paul, "I just started yesterday, but I am getting better."

He smiled and stepped back and started taking his pants off. Kara came in as he was sitting down and I was conscious of her watching as I moved between Paul's legs and began sucking him off the way that Larry had taught me yesterday. His cock was about the same size as Larry's was. It was large, but I thought I could handle it. After all, I had taken all three of the boy's cocks into my throat yesterday. Paul's cock was almost the same size as Chase's cock.

I was pretty sure that Paul had been told that I could do it. He just sat back and let me lick and suck his cock and balls and when I finally took his cock into my mouth I saw on his face that he was waiting to see if I would take it into my throat.

I did. It took several tries, but I finally got past that barrier and his long, fat cock slid into my throat with surprisingly little pain. I guess that once you have done it for the first time it isn't so bad when you are forced to do it again.

While I was sucking his cock, Paul pulled Kara down and whispered in her ear. He sat back then and Kara knelt beside me and started to caress me while I sucked Paul off. She caressed my back and my butt, and then she reached up and gently teased my breasts. It didn't take long before I started to get aroused in spite of myself.

She kept one hand on my breasts and her other hand slid down and she began to slide a finger up and down my slit and tease my clit while I sucked on Paul. I couldn't help it. I started getting very turned on and I guess it showed in my blowjob.

I felt him getting ready to cum and I circled the head of his cock with my lips and finished him off with my hand the way that I had been taught. He filled my mouth with cum. It was about the same volume of liquid that Larry had squirted into my mouth yesterday afternoon. A lot!

I waited until he finished and then I sat up and swallowed. I saw a few drops escaping from the hole at the end of his cock and leaned back down and lapped them up. I don't know why I did that! I guess I just wasn't thinking.

I straightened back up and saw that my mother was holding Larry's cock in her mouth and Glenn was fucking her. I guess he was a slave with benefits. Actually, I guess Larry saw another opportunity to humiliate my mother and he jumped at it.

Glenn was just getting started and we all just stayed in place and watched as he fucked my mom. When he finally finished he stepped back and started to pull his pants back up. Larry instructed my mother that she shouldn't let the men that fuck her go away with nasty cocks. When she made a mess like that she should always clean it up.

I shuddered in revulsion, but she didn't seem to have any reaction at all as she turned around and took his slimy cock into her mouth and sucked him clean. But it was what came next that really got my attention.

Paul said, "Kara," quietly and she moved over to my mother and helped her to her feet. Then she guided her to the desk and once my mother was seated on the edge of the desk Kara bent down and ate her husband's cum out of my mother's freshly fucked pussy!

I almost gagged then. I thought that was even more disgusting than sucking a guy's cock and swallowing his cum. I shuddered, more disgusted at what I was seeing than I had been by anything else in the last two days. Mom stared down at Kara in astonishment, but she didn't resist.

I was shocked that Kara would submit so quickly to such a disgusting act, but as I watched I saw that she didn't seem to mind at all! She did it without hesitation and when she was done she smiled at mom and stood up and kissed her lightly on the lips.

When Kara was done Larry gave us permission to dress. Once we had dressed he told us to wait for him by the door. As we headed out of the small office I noticed for the first time that we had had an audience. A dozen men and women were staring at the door to the office from various vantage points around the store and they all seemed to be just as shocked as I was.

Mom and I waited outside as instructed. We didn't speak, there wasn't anything to say.

We were joined in a few minutes by Kara. She came up to us with a look of concern on her face. She ran her fingers through my hair and quietly asked, "How old are you honey?"

I told her my age and she shook her head. "I guess you got into this the same way that my husband and I did. You don't have a choice?"

My mother glanced at the office door and nodded.

Kara said, "I wish I could help you, I can't. If it helps I can tell you that this lifestyle can grow on you. My husband and I didn't have a choice at first either. We could get out of this now, but we don't. We don't want to, at least not yet."

She put her arms around me and whispered, "Hang in there honey. Just keep telling yourself, 'It's only sex'. Nothing lasts forever."

I smiled at her. I knew she wanted to help. All three of us knew that there was nothing that she could do. It did help to have someone in a similar situation tell me that it would get better though.

I don't believe I said a word to Larry the entire time we were in the store. When we had the clothes loaded in the car though, I asked him if there was a dress code at the high school because at my school skirts were required to be no more than two inches above the knee and girls were required to wear a bra.

Not one of the skirts or dresses that we had bought today was more than two inches below my crotch and many of the tops were sheer or semi-sheer. I couldn't have worn any of these things to my old school. Not even with a bra. And apparently I was only allowed to wear a bra on special occasions.

Larry smiled and said, "Don't worry Sara. The dress code is very lax at your new school. The only actual prohibition is that you are not allowed to wear any articles of clothing with suggestive sayings written on them. I doubt if anyone will say anything though, since your stepfather is on the School Board. There have been attempts to make the dress code stricter but there is a core of dirty old men like me that like it just the way it is. So your only problem is going to be all the boys hitting on you at school."

"Is it?" I asked. "Is that going to be my only problem?"

Larry chuckled as he drove out of the parking lot and down the road. "I can't guarantee that Chase won't make things difficult for you. You know how boys are."

That was what I had been worrying about. He was pretty much giving Chase permission to make my life at school even more of a hell than it would otherwise be. Just wearing my new clothes to school guaranteed that I was going to have a hard time of it. The girls were going to look down on me for dressing like a slut, and the boys were going to expect me to act like one. There was no doubt in my mind that Chase would get a kick out of making things at school even more difficult for me.

Larry drove us to a small restaurant on the edge of town that had outside seating. Before we got out of the car he instructed both of us to unbutton the top three buttons and bottom two buttons on our dresses. He instructed us that we were not to adjust our dresses once we stepped out of the car. There was a light breeze blowing, but we were just to ignore it.

Before getting out I looked down at my dress. My newly shaved pussy was well below the lowest button that was still fastened. I could tell that when I stood up I would be exposed if the breeze caught my dress. The top gaped open exposing most of my breasts. All of the inner portion right up to the nipples was on display. I wasn't sure what was going to happen when the wind blew. No, that isn't true. I knew what was going to happen. I was going to be exposed. I just didn't know how bad it was going to be.

Larry got out and I took a deep breath and opened my door. We followed him to an outside table and as we walked through the parking lot and up the sidewalk my skirt blew open several times. The need to grab it and hold it closed in front of me was nearly overpowering. I was so focused on my exposed pussy that I almost didn't notice that my top was also blowing open, totally exposing my right breast.

I managed to force myself to keep my arms at my side but I could feel my face getting bright red. Everyone that saw me knew by the look on my face that I was aware of how much of myself I was exposing. That made it even worse.

I stared at Larry's back as he led the way through the outside seating area and selected a table in the far corner. Only half of the tables were occupied, probably because it was so breezy out here. I don't think that it was a coincidence that he chose a table next to a table occupied by four middle aged men who looked like they had just come from the golf course.

I heard their conversation stop suddenly as we approached their table and I couldn't help seeing the looks on their faces when they saw our exposed flesh.

They continued to stare at us as we sat near them. Larry sat facing them and instructed my mother and me to sit on either side of him.

As I took my seat I saw that my mother was having just as much trouble with her dress as I was with mine. I could see all of one of her breasts and most of the other, and as she pulled her chair out I saw her dress blow up exposing her shaved pussy.

We took our seats and a young waiter came over quickly. He was blushing but there was no doubt that he enjoyed the view. I saw a growing bulge in his pants as he took our orders. He was trying to act professional, but he couldn't help staring at all of our exposed flesh. I couldn't blame him I guess.

After the waiter left we were quiet. My mother and I were both staring at our table, too ashamed to look around and meet anyone's gaze. I knew that everyone at the dozen or so occupied table out here had seen my breasts and my pussy as we made our way to our table. I could feel them staring at us now and I knew what they were thinking. Maybe it wouldn't have been so bad if I actually was a slut. I wasn't though. At least not yet, and I hated it that all of these people had seen my tits and my pussy and were certain that both my mother and I were sluts. They may have even thought that we were prostitutes! God knows we were dressed like it.

After the waiter came back with our drinks Larry leaned back in his chair and said, "You two are taking this shit much too seriously. You have to lighten up. You are providing a public service. You entertain people and you get their hearts to beating faster. You should get more satisfaction from the good work you are doing. I want you both to lean back in your seats and look around at the people who you are helping. And a smile wouldn't kill either one of you."

My mother and I looked up from the table and looked at each other and I could see that she was just as embarrassed as I was. I watched her reluctantly sit back in her chair and as she did her breasts were nearly exposed. I couldn't see her lap because of the table, but I knew that her skirt would be splayed open and her pussy exposed because that was what I saw when I looked down at my own lap.

I saw Larry watching her with an amused smile on his face and then he turned to look at me. I don't know why I kept letting him do these things to me. I don't know where I got the strength to obey him. I sat up straight and then leaned back in my chair. Just as I did the top of my dress caught a light breeze and blew open, totally exposing one of my breasts to the four golfers.

I glanced down and saw that most of my lower abdomen was on display too. My dress had spread apart and even the area where I used to keep my pubic hair was now openly displayed. Complying with the next half of the order was the hard part though. How could I look around and meet the gazes of the other customers around us?

I heard Larry as he muttered, "Don't you fucking cunts make me repeat myself," in a very stern voice. After a pause he added, "And I want to see some fucking smiles god damn it!"

I tried. I tried very hard to smile. I had no doubt that it looked more like a grimace though. I began to turn my head and look at the other people in the café. I started with the four golfers at the next table.

I think that they had begun to get an idea of what was going on. I don't know if they heard Larry ordering us around, but it must have been obvious that we were doing this against our will. Our expressions and the fact that we were acting in concert should have given it away if nothing else did.

I didn't see sympathy on their faces though. I saw lust. All four of them were staring at our exposed flesh and they were not even trying to be discreet about it. But then, we were not being discreet about displaying ourselves, so why should they.

I saw the looks on their faces and then looked away as quickly as possible. I looked around at the other tables and I saw that almost everyone was watching us. Most of the men that were in the company of a woman were being more careful. They weren't staring. They kept looking though.

I saw a couple of women who seemed to think that what we were doing was amusing. Most of them didn't. They were looking at us with obvious and well deserved disgust. They didn't know, and couldn't tell from where they sat that we were being forced to display our bodies this way. I know what I would have thought about two women who dressed like we were and displayed their bodies like we were if I had seen them two days ago.

After I allowed my eyes to wander over the faces of the other customers for a few moments I glanced back at the golfers. The nearest man at their table stood up and came over and introduced himself.

He had a huge smile and a huge hard on and didn't try to hide it either. He said, "I just wanted to introduce myself. My name is Jim Tucker. I wanted to tell you how much my friends and I have been enjoying the view since you came in. You ladies are truly beautiful and in appreciation we would like to pay for your lunch if you don't mind."

Larry reached out and shook Jim's hand and said, "Mr. Tucker, I'm Larry Flack. This lovely lady on my right is my fiancée, Karen and this is her lovely daughter Sara. As you can probably tell from their expressions they are a bit embarrassed. I am working at loosening them up a little. They are both much too uptight. You don't need to buy us lunch, but why don't you join us for a few minutes. The view is much better from here."

Jim went back over to his table and whispered excitedly to his buddies. In a moment they had picked up their beers and were pulling chairs around our table. I had mixed emotions about this. I was nervous about them being so close, but now that they had joined us the other patrons didn't have such a clear view of our exposed flesh.

Introductions were made and the conversation was a bit strained at first. The golfers were enjoying the show, but now that they knew that we were the fiancé and future stepdaughter of the man that had invited them over they were afraid to say or do anything to upset him.

Larry soon lightened the mood. "Gentlemen, as I told Jim when I invited him over, I am concerned that my future bride and my stepdaughter are much too uptight. So I am trying very hard to loosen them up a little. Please don't be shy around them. Feel free to comment, look, even touch. Just don't get us arrested."

I gasped in shock at that invitation to four total strangers. You would think by now I would have come to expect that sort of offer. The idea that they had just been given permission to touch us sent shivers of fear through me.

Jim had been quick to take one of the empty seats beside me when they came over. He was clearly the most brazen of the four men. He smiled at me and inched his chair a little closer and asked, "How old are you Sara?"

I tried to answer and my voice broke. I picked up my coke and tried to take a sip. My hand was shaking so bad I almost spilled it. Everyone seemed to find that amusing. I managed to take a sip and finally cleared my throat and answered quietly, "I'm sixteen, sir."

He was obviously not the least put off that I was a minor. In fact, he grinned even wider and said, "Holy shit! You are a pretty little thing. I have a daughter your age. Sometimes she really pisses me off. She parades around in tiny little outfits, flashing her panties at me or wearing something with her boobs showing. It's like she is trying to turn me on. I sit beside her when she wears those short shorts or those tiny little skirts and I am dying to put my hand on her leg and slide it up and feel that cute little cooze of hers rubbing against my fingers. You don't mind if I slide my hand up your leg and rub your little cooze do you Sara?"

It's like the sick fuck was mad at me because he couldn't fuck his damned daughter! I wanted to tell him what I really thought, but I didn't dare. Instead I said what I knew Larry wanted me to say. "No sir. I don't mind."

It had to be obvious from my expression and from the tone of my voice that I did mind. He didn't care. His hand came to rest on my thigh and moved slowly up to my tight slit. I glanced down and saw his hand. His little finger was lightly touching my slit. Larry reached down on the other side and pulled my legs open. He asked, "Isn't that the prettiest cunt you ever saw?"

Jim said, "It damned sure is." As he spoke his finger began working its way inside my pussy and I groaned in abject humiliation as this complete stranger took advantage of me in front of his friends. At first I was so wrapped up in my plight that I had not noticed that one of the other men had his arm around my mother and his hand was inside her dress and holding her breast.

Larry cautioned Jim, "Be careful there Jim. Sara is still a virgin. Don't want to ruin the poor girl."

Jim looked up at Larry and it was his turn to be shocked. He said, "You are shitting me, right?! This bitch is sitting here with her tits and her cunt exposed to a couple of dozen people, and she is a virgin?"

Larry smiled and said, "See for yourself."

Jim did just that. I felt his finger move deeper slowly and I felt the tip of it come into contact with my hymen. He exclaimed, "I'll be a son of a bitch!"

He moved his finger away from the thin membrane, but left it inside of me as he looked back up at Larry and said, "Man, I'll give you a thousand dollars to let me pop the bitch."

Larry laughed and said, "Sorry Jim. I made an agreement with her mother. As long as she and her mother do everything that I say until sweet young Sara graduates from college I will let her remain a virgin."

Jim got thoughtful as he thought about what Larry had just told him. Then he grinned and said, "She does everything you say? I would love to have my daughter do everything I tell her. You'll have to tell me how you managed that. What kinds of things are included in everything you say Larry? That sounds like there's a lot of room to play around with."

Larry chuckled and said, "There is indeed. The how is easy, blackmail. As for what she will do, she learned how to suck cocks yesterday and practiced all afternoon on me and my three sons. And as you can see she dresses to please me. She even put on a nice show with her mother yesterday. They both got to eat pussy for the first time. I have to tell you, there is nothing hotter than watching a mother and daughter in a nice hot sixty-nine!" Then he turned to me and said, "That was the first time you ever ate a pussy wasn't it Sara?"

I couldn't go on like this! I was sitting here in public and I might as well be naked. A strange man had his finger in my pussy and my brief but degrading sexual history was being openly discussed with four complete strangers. I was so embarrassed that I was sure that I was going to faint. I realized after a moment that I was hyperventilating and I managed to take a few deep breaths and calm down a little.

I heard Larry say, "Sara?" It took a moment for me to remember the question. I said, "Yes sir. That was the first time."

Jim chuckled and asked, "So yesterday was the first time you ever sucked a cock or ate a pussy? And your mother's cunt is the only one that you ever ate?"

I nodded.

I saw the waiter coming out with our orders and I prayed that these men would turn us loose. I wasn't hungry anymore. I was much too upset to eat now. I just didn't want that young waiter, who wasn't much older than I was, to see my mother and I like this.

I should have known better. The men sat up as the waiter approached, but Jim's finger remained buried in my pussy and his friend's hand remained wrapped around my mother's breast as the waiter set our lunches down in front of us and took orders for another round of drinks.

After the waiter left, the man that was sitting on the other side of Jim said, "Hey Jim, let's trade seats for a few minutes. I want to check that little fox out too!"

Jim smiled and said, "I have a better idea Bubba." He removed his finger from my pussy and forced it into my mouth and they all watched me suck his finger clean. Then he stood up and guided me from my seat to the one he had just been using. He sat down on the other side of me and now I had a stranger on either side of me.

He looked at Larry to make sure it was okay and Larry just smiled. Seeing Larry's reaction, and thinking it was a good idea, the man that was pawing my mother stood up and traded seats with her. Now we each had men on either side of us and they were all over us as if we were doing this in private somewhere.

Jim put his arm around my shoulders and reached into my dress to feel my breasts while Bubba began to explore my dripping wet pussy. They commented on how wet I was and how tight I was and how firm my breasts were. Jim pulled my dress open wider so that Bubba and the two men on the other side of the table could see my tits. They complimented me on my hard nipples and Bubba forced two large black fingers inside of my opening and began to gently massage my clit with his thumb.

I had tears running down my cheeks as I leaned my head back against Jim's arm and whispered, "Please stop. Oh god, I can't take this anymore!" Then I grabbed Bubba's wrist with one hand and Jim's thigh with the other and bit my lip hard to keep from screaming as I had an orgasm.

When I finally was able to open my eyes again I looked right into the face of the young waiter who looked just as embarrassed as I was. He served the tray of drinks he had brought out with him and with one last look at my exposed flesh he departed hastily.

The pawing went for quite some time. I can't really say how long, it seemed like hours. It may have been that long. The four golfers engaged Larry in idle conversation, sometimes about some part of my mother's anatomy, sometimes about me, sometimes just casual conversation. But for the entire time my mother and I had the hands of two strange men exploring our bodies boldly.

The men eventually finished their beers and paid their tab. The only person that came close and had a good look at what they were doing to us was the bus boy when he cleaned off the table that the golfers had been sitting at before they joined us and the waiter when he came back with our checks.

I kept glancing around and I saw that the other patrons knew what was going on even if they couldn't see our exposed flesh any longer. They could see the men with their hands inside our tops and between our legs and it was obvious what they were doing.

My mother and I never really got a chance to eat. That was okay though. We had both lost our appetites. Larry finished his sandwich and had a beer while he enjoyed watching the four strangers torment us. I couldn't even imagine why this was amusing for him. I mean, wouldn't he have gotten more out of it if he had just taken us home and had sex with us?!

As disturbing as it was though, he did enjoy it. He seemed to get a huge kick out of watching my mother and me getting tormented this way. Eventually he asked the men to let us put ourselves together so that we could get ready to leave. I was so relieved when the hands were removed from my body that I sobbed.

Jim patted my thigh and said, "Don't cry Sara, just because we stop feeling you up doesn't mean we don't love you!"

Everyone laughed at that. Everyone but me and my mother that is. We were finally able to sit up straight and Larry even allowed us to button the extra buttons that Jim and his friends had managed to unfasten while they were groping us, but no more than that.

My entire body was tingling. I didn't know if it was arousal. It embarrassed me to admit it, but I couldn't help becoming aroused by all of that intimate touching. Or was it just from the humiliation? I felt my heart beat returning to a more normal rate and the blush leaving my skin as I sat up straight and covered myself.

I had gone back to staring at the table in front of me as Larry left some money on the table for the waiter and actually thanked the golfers for an entertaining afternoon! The son of a bitch thanked them for molesting me!

They laughed and joked among themselves for a few more minutes and then we all got up and left together. I felt the disapproving eyes of the women customers and the lust filled eyes of the men following us as we left.

When we got to the parking lot Larry opened the car doors and told us to get in. He went off and spoke quietly with Jim and his four friends. I think that it was obvious that we would be seeing them again.

My mother put her arm around my shoulder and I felt her sobbing quietly beside me. I looked over and I felt so sorry for her. I knew that she didn't know how to get us out of this mess and that it was destroying her to see me molested like this. It would have been intolerable for her if it was just her that was being treated this way. She was a very shy and self-conscious woman. To see me abused this way must be more than she could take.

For a moment I felt sorrier for her than I did for myself. I leaned against her and she hugged me and I said, "It's okay mom. I know it isn't your fault. We'll get through this. Don't let the bastard make you cry."

She hugged me and said, "Oh god Sara. I am so very sorry. I guess I should call the cops. I thought that if we did what he wanted I could keep you out of a foster home. But a foster home must be better than this."

I shuddered at the idea of being shuffled from foster home to foster home. But even worse than that was the thought of my poor, naïve, sensitive mother in a prison. I couldn't stand the thought of my mother in prison. I knew that I would have to be strong for her. She had so many problems of her own and the abuse she was being subjected to was much worse than what I had to deal with.

I hugged her back and said quietly, "No mom. I would probably be getting molested in a foster home too. We've both heard those horror stories. But I couldn't stand it if you went to prison. I can handle this. It won't be easy, but you have it worse than I do. We have to get through this, that's all. I have to believe that it will get easier. At least we will get used to it. I doubt if it can keep up at this level all the time. Please mom, I'll be strong if you will. But I need you to be strong too. I can't handle this if you give up."

That was as far as our mutual pity party got before Larry opened his door and got in.

Mom and I pulled apart and Larry saw the tears in mom's eyes. I was watching him. He just smiled. He put his seatbelt on and started the car without saying a word. As he put the car in gear and drove off his hand moved automatically to my mother's crotch. Just as automatically she spread her legs to allow him access.

I turned to look out the window as we drove off. I assumed that we were heading home finally. You know what they say about people who assume don't you?

We drove a few blocks and pulled into an empty parking lot in front of an office building. Larry said, "Get out ladies."

I opened my door and as I stepped out I saw that two cars had pulled in behind us. The four men from the café were getting out of the cars. Jim nodded at Larry and we followed him to the office building in silence. Jim unlocked the front door and then locked it behind us.

I thought that it was eerie the way everyone was following along silently as if we were a criminal gang about to commit a crime. Then it occurred to me, a crime was about to be committed, rape. My mother and I were about to be raped, again. It was obvious what we were here for.

We got into the elevator and as soon as I stepped inside Jim grabbed me and pulled into his arms. He leaned down and kissed me passionately and as disgusting as it was to kiss that horrible old man I knew better than to resist. My life was in Larry's hands now and I didn't want to piss him off. It was nearly impossible, but I had to keep reminding myself that I could never say no.

I returned Jim's kiss, though less than enthusiastically. As we kissed his hands moved over my body roughly. He was as grabby as a teenage boy!

The elevator doors opened and we went down the hall to Jim's office. As soon as we were inside he pulled me back into his arms and leered down at me and said, "Larry tells me that even though you just started giving blowjobs yesterday you can already deepthroat. Is that right Sara?"

I nodded. I don't know why it was such a big fucking deal to guys. Guys are all hot to get into your pussy all the time but as soon as they get the chance they want to stick their cocks down your throat or up your ass. Christ! It's like they don't even need girls! They all have mouths and asses, why don't they just have sex with each other?!

Larry had taken a seat in a leather chair just inside the door. He got comfortable and said, "You girls go ahead and take off your dresses. You don't want to mess them up."

I stepped away from Jim and I saw that my mother had been getting the same treatment from one of the other guys. She pulled out of his arms and we both unbuttoned the few remaining buttons on our dresses and stood naked. It would have been a bigger deal if we had not been openly displayed all afternoon and groped by these guys for almost the entire time.

While mom and I were undressing the men all pulled their pants off and stood around with just their polo shirts and socks on. They looked pretty silly. The other two men, Tom and Jeff, pulled my mother to her knees and she started sucking their cocks, alternating back and forth between them.

A moment later I was being pushed to my knees in front of Jim and Bubba. I learned a couple of things right away. The first thing I learned was that golf must be a harder game than it looked like on television. Jim's crotch was sweaty and smelly and it was almost overpowering. I had a hell of a time not gagging as I took his short, fat cock into my mouth and started sucking.

While I was sucking Jim, Bubba bent down and teased my breasts some more. After all the time they had spent playing with my nipples at the café they were getting sore. But it isn't like this was going to be a pleasurable experience for me anyway.

Jim's cock got hard quickly and soon I was taking it down my throat. His cock wasn't as long as Larry's. It wasn't even as long as Chase or Brad's cocks. But it was uncomfortably fat. I had a hard time getting it started down my throat. He was kind enough to help though. He saw me struggling with it and he grabbed my head in both of his fat hands and thrust his hips forward and his cock suddenly slid down my throat. It was painful, but I was used to that, pretty much. The most unpleasant part was still the horrible sour smell of sweat. I could hardly breathe.

I don't know if it was all the time he had spent molesting me in the café or if he was just so turned on by getting sucked off by a teenage girl that reminded him of his daughter. Whatever the reason, he didn't last five minutes. But then, maybe that was as long as he lasted all the time. All I know is I was so thankful that it was over and I could catch a breath of fresh air for a second or two. That was about all the time I got before Bubba stepped in front of me and took his place.

I mentioned earlier that I learned a couple of things right away. The second thing I learned was that sometimes the stereotypes are true. Bubba was hung like a horse! His long, fat cock was so black it was almost purple. It must have been a foot long. I'm not exaggerating.

I looked at it for a moment and then I looked up at him and I know he must have seen the terror in my face. I shook my head and whispered, "I can't ... not with that! It won't ... oh god Mister. I can't take that down my throat!"

Bubba chuckled and said, "Don't worry little girl. I know you can't swallow my meat. But you can sure as hell suck me off. You can do that can't you?"

I nodded. I was so relieved that he wasn't expecting me to take it down my throat that I found myself wanting to do a good job of just sucking his cock. I realized how crazy that was. I was just grateful that he wasn't going to hurt me.

I reached out and took it in my right hand and cradled his huge balls in my left hand. I leaned forward and kissed and licked the huge head of his cock and I noticed that, although I could smell his sweat, it wasn't that sour, unpleasant smell that had permeated the air when Jim had pulled his pants down. I suddenly realized that Jim probably had not bathed in days. It was not the smell of a warm day on the golf course that was so unpleasant. It was the stench of a body that was unwashed for god knows how long.

I shivered in revulsion. Not at having to suck Bubba's big black cock, though I didn't want to do that either. But the revulsion was from thinking about Jim's nasty cock in my mouth and that horrible smell.

I began to suck Bubba's cock enthusiastically. I almost felt sorry for him. It was an impressive piece of male flesh, but I imagine he has a hard time getting a good blowjob. Hell, I'd be afraid to take that thing in my pussy. It looked dangerous!

I managed to take about three inches of Bubba's cock in my mouth and I worked the rest of it with my hand. I could tell that he liked it and was excited by the idea of getting sucked off by a pretty young white girl. He lasted a lot longer than Jim though. I was exhausted when he grabbed my head and said, "Okay baby. Get ready. I'm about to shoot my cum in your pretty little mouth and it's gonna be a big load. I feel it cumming!"

He was right. I pulled my mouth back to the head of his cock and I had to swallow three mouthfuls before he finally finished cumming. I wondered as I was licking the last few drops from the end of his cock if he always came that much. That had been unbelievable.

Bubba pulled his cock from my mouth finally and I looked around to see the others all sitting in chairs against the wall. My mother was sucking Larry's cock while he watched Bubba using me. The other two men had finished using my mom, I saw cum dripping out of her pussy and a thin stream of it glistening on her thigh.

Larry caught me looking at them and crooked his finger at me. I got up and went over to him and he said, "Your mother can't leave here like this. Her cunt is a mess. Get down there and clean it up."

I know I had done it yesterday. That didn't make it any easier this time. I shuddered in revulsion as I dropped to my knees. I looked at her red, swollen pussy and the cum that was draining out of her. I guess it wasn't really that much. It was probably just two or three tablespoons and it had stopped draining out of her. It had turned from white to an almost clear fluid on her leg. But the smell was strong and the idea of it was revolting.

I flashed back to a few hours earlier when I had seen Kara eating her husband's cum out of mom's pussy almost eagerly. I had almost thrown up just watching her! I wasn't sure that I could do this.

I looked up at Larry. I wanted to beg him not to make me do this. But I saw that all five of them were watching eagerly and I realized that Larry was getting off on being able to make us do disgusting things to amuse his new friends. They loved the idea of a teenage girl being forced to suck her mother's pussy for their entertainment. They were all just a bunch of sick fucks!

I leaned forward and the closer I got the worse the smell was. I started licking where the thin trail of cum ended, three quarters of the way down to her knees. I licked it up slowly, trying hard not to think about what I was doing. I don't suppose there are a lot of things in the world that are more disgusting than licking up cum that has drained out of your mother's pussy for the amusement of five fucking freaks.

It wasn't so bad I guess. The taste was just the taste of cum. I had consumed a lot of that in the last twenty-four hours. I just had to try not to think about where it was coming from. That got harder when I was actually licking her slit, getting the last traces of it. I finished up by sliding my tongue through her slit and that was when Larry came in her mouth.

I was afraid that the men would want to go again. They may have. But Larry stood up and zipped his pants up and said, "Gentlemen, it has been very entertaining. I have to get going though. Thank you for a pleasant afternoon."

They all thanked him eagerly for providing the services of me and my mother and sincerely hoped to be able to get together again. Jim reminded him that if he ever changed his mind about my virginity he would be willing to increase the offer he had made. He would dearly love to fuck me. I was suddenly much more grateful that my mother had made her deal with Larry to preserve my virginity. The idea of that nasty old man laying on top of me and fucking me was enough to turn my stomach.

My mother and I put our dresses back on and once the men were dressed we all left. We finally went home and the boys helped us unload our bags of new clothing. After the bags were separated I took a quick shower and brushed my teeth for a very long time. Then I started going through my new wardrobe of slut clothes and removing labels and putting things away.

I was just about finished when Larry came into my room. He asked where I had put my crop tops and I showed him the drawer. He went through them and picked out one that said, "Pet My Pussy!" He handed it to me and told me to put on my shortest skirt and go downstairs. He went down the hall and I got dressed and went downstairs.

As soon as I got downstairs Chase called me over and pulled me into his lap. He pulled my top up, baring my breasts and then he began to nibble on my nipple while his fingers caressed my pussy.

That was how mom found me when she came down a few minutes later wearing a similar outfit except that her top said, "I Swallow!" Her skirt was as short as mine. Larry came in and pulled me to my feet and looked us over and told my mother to put together a list of whatever they were short of so that we could go grocery shopping.

While mom was going through the cabinets and the refrigerator Chase pulled me back into his lap and pulled my top back up. Larry told us that if anyone offered to pet my pussy or give mom a chance to swallow we were to smile and accept their offer. He handed my mother the keys to a small SUV and told us where the nearest grocery store was.

Meanwhile, Chase was whispering, "I missed your sweet ass today Sara. I've been thinking about your naked body all day and I'm horny as hell. It's killing me that we can't fuck your sweet pussy though. Maybe I just need to get you so fucking hot you'll rape me."

When he gently teased my pussy like he was doing now I almost thought he could do it! I hated the situation that my mother and I were in. The whole purpose seemed to be to degrade and abuse us. But my body knew what it liked and sometimes it really liked what they were doing to it.

Mom was finally ready and she said to Larry, "I get the impression that you and your boys have been living like dorm rats. I'm going to buy some healthy food and start cooking proper meals."

She spoke deferentially, but she was clear about what kind of food she was going to buy and prepare.

Larry said, "That's just fine." He did give her a short list of some things he didn't want her to buy. No liver, no cauliflower, and no green or red peppers. Other than that mom was free to buy what she wanted.

I was pulled out of Chase's lap again and I put my slutty clothes back in order. I would have felt a little better about this tiny skirt if I had a pair of panties on under it.

We went out to the Lexus SUV and mom drove us to the grocery store that Larry had given her directions to. This was the yuppie side of town. The houses in the area were expensive and the shops were upscale. I looked around as we pulled into the parking lot and all I could see were BMWs, Cadillacs, Mercedes, you get the idea.

I looked at the people coming and going and everyone looked so sophisticated. Even in tight jeans and stylish tops you could tell that they were the country club type. And then there was mom and me in our slutty tops and micro miniskirts. We looked like prostitutes, again!

We sat there for a moment after mom shut the car off and looked around. I heard mom moan and then she covered her face with her hands and started crying. I heard her whisper, "Oh god, I can't do this."

I leaned over the center console and put my arm around her and she turned and put her arms around me and we both sat there and cried for several minutes. She finally started to get control of herself and she sat up and held my face in her hands and kissed me on the forehead. Then she got a couple of tissues out of her purse and we tried to pull ourselves together.

Once she had mopped up her tears and looked pretty normal, except for her moist, red eyes, she smiled wryly and said, "You wait in the car honey. I'll do the shopping and be out in about half an hour or so. There is no sense in both of us going through this."

I reached over and squeezed her hand and said, "Unfortunately this is not the worst thing that will happen to me in the next two years. We might as well get used to it. Besides, knowing Larry he might have someone checking up on us. Remember what he said, if we disobey any order then all bets are off."

I chuckled then and added, "Though I have to admit that there have been a couple of times in the last day and a half when I was ready to end the deal. Sometimes ... well, you know."

Mom smiled and said, "Yeah, I know. I'm sorry Sara. I'm so, so sorry."

"It's okay mom. I really do understand. You were desperate and you were worried about me. I know you aren't a thief."

We both checked our faces again in the mirrors and reluctantly got out of the car. We started attracting attention as soon as we started across the parking lot. People stopped and gaped at us and continued to stare as we passed them and made our way to the store. It was only slightly less humiliating than our afternoon at the sidewalk café had been.

We entered the store and I got a cart and began following my mother around the store while she shopped. I had to be careful to stand up straight. This skirt did not allow for bending over. If I leaned over even slightly the cheeks of my ass came into view.

The reactions we received inside were the same as we had received outside. No one actually spoke to us as we shopped. No one attempted to pet my pussy. But two teenage boys began following us around the store when we were almost done. They gradually followed closer as we finished up the last few aisles and their comments became more and more suggestive. They weren't speaking to us. But they were deliberately speaking loud enough so that we could hear what they said about us.

We tried to ignore them but I guess when we didn't say or do anything to discourage them they got braver. They didn't do anything though, not until we had checked out and we were pushing the buggy out to the car.

Mom opened the back of the SUV and the boys watched us bending over to put the groceries in. One of the boys finally got up the nerve and asked, "Hey, those things you have written over your tits, are they for real?"

I sighed, I guess it was inevitable. I didn't look around at him though. I continued loading the car but I said, "Yes, they are for real."

There was only a slight pause between my response and the time it took him to decide to go for it. I felt his hand between my legs and I didn't fight him. I spread my legs a little more and continued putting groceries in the car.

His hand was roughly groping my pussy and he started to push a couple of fingers inside of me. I clamped my thighs together and said, "Take it easy! I'm still a virgin. The shirt says pet my pussy, not stick your fist inside of me!"

He stopped what he was doing and pulled his fingers out of my pussy. He began to gently caress my pussy then, but under these circumstances I wasn't likely to get any pleasure out of it.

He asked, "Is that better?"

I sighed and said, "That's just fine."

He continued to rub his fingers over my pussy and I spread my thighs for him again. As he felt me up he asked, "No shit? You are really a virgin?"

I just nodded my head. We were down to the last couple of grocery bags and I hoped that this was about over.

He asked, "Why are you wearing that shirt? Why are you letting me do this if you are a virgin?"

I thought that was a damned good question. I just couldn't answer it. After I put the last of the bags in the car I said, "It's a long story and we don't have time. We don't have a choice. We have to do what we are told."

I had been so distracted by the boy standing behind me feeling me up that I hadn't even noticed that the other boy was doing the same thing to my mother. Well, not quite the same thing. He must have had his fingers inside of her. You could actually hear the sneer in his voice when he said, "This one isn't a fucking virgin!"
Continues...

Pages: Prev | 1 | 2 | 3 | 4 | 5 | 6 | 7 | 8 | Next


Home « Vulgus's Page - Settings
A New Life for Sara
by Vulgus
Copyright© 2008 by Vulgus


Pages: Prev | 1 | 2 | 3 | 4 | 5 | 6 | 7 | 8 | Next

Continuation...

I looked over at him and said, "No, my mother is not a virgin. It's been real, but we have to go now. We have frozen food here that we have to get home."

The boy behind me said, "That's too bad. I'd like to give your mom a chance to show us how good she is at swallowing. Maybe we can do that some other time."

They finally pulled their hands away and we all straightened up. They started to back away but the one that had been feeling me up asked, "What's your name?"

I almost lied to him. But I figured it was safe to give him my first name. So I did. Then we hurriedly got in the car and drove off before they decided that they just had to see my mother swallow. If they had demanded it we would have felt compelled to obey. Since they didn't we could honestly say that we didn't refuse anyone.

Mom only drove a block before she pulled into a parking lot and shut the car off. She leaned back and shut her eyes and said, "Sara, I am so sorry. For sixteen years my life has been all about protecting you. Now look what I have done."

I felt so sorry for her. With all of the terrible things that have been happening to her she is so concerned with me. I reached over and grabbed her hand and said, "Mom, stop worrying about me so much. I'm just as sorry about this strange situation as you are. But I'm handling it just fine. I'm not the first sixteen year old girl that ever got groped or sucked a guy off. To be honest, I am probably one of the very few virgins left in my class. I wouldn't be surprised to find out that some of my friends would be jealous if they knew what was happening to me! I think girls now are probably different than when you were growing up. Not as fragile maybe?"

She looked over at me and I could see that she wanted to believe that. I smiled and said, "Let's make a deal. All you have to worry about is you. Then only thing that I need you to do for me is to be strong. I don't mean that you have to act like you enjoy what they are doing to us. But like Larry said, it's just sex. You just worry about yourself. I'll be fine. Okay?"

She squeezed my hand and sighed loudly. She said, "I don't know Sara. You're my baby. No mother should ever have to see her baby treated the way they are treating you."

I squeezed her hand again and said, "I can handle it mom. It really is just sex. And I can't deny that some of it has been pretty exciting. Neither can you! So I'll be strong for you and you be strong for me and fuck 'em if they can't take a joke."

Mom's eyes got wide and then she burst out laughing. Then she shook her head and said, "My baby said fuck!"

Then we both laughed. And we both felt a little better. Maybe even a lot better. She leaned over and kissed me and said, "Alright, you have a deal. And fuck 'em if they can't take a joke!"

She restarted the car and drove us back to our new home. We started unloading the groceries and all three of the boys came out to help. Mom and I went upstairs and undressed and then came back down and put the food away. When the groceries were all put away she started supper while Chase led me out to the patio.

I was led to a cushion on the deck and Larry got up and came over. I noticed that all three boys had now gathered around and I assumed that I would be giving everyone blowjobs again. Larry and his tribe had something else in mind though.

Larry ordered me to get down on my hands and knees and tell them all about my shopping trip.

I got down and Larry dropped to his knees behind me and began to play with my ass while I told him about our grocery shopping. There wasn't much to tell. I told him how humiliated we had been and about the way other customers had looked at us. It didn't get interesting for him until I mentioned the two boys and I started going into more detail then.

As I told him about the way they groped us and the conversation about my virginity, Larry touched his finger to my asshole. It felt cold and I jumped as it entered me. I realized that he had some kind of lubricant on it and suddenly I knew what this was all about. He was going to fuck my ass!

I tensed up immediately. I was scared. I had heard that this was a very painful experience, especially the first few times.

I had finished telling Larry about what happened to us and now he began talking calmly to me. He explained what he was doing and what I could expect. He said that it would probably be a little uncomfortable but that if done right it wasn't painful and some girls actually enjoyed it.

I was more than a little skeptical, but I knew that it was going to happen whether I cooperated or not, so I tried to pay attention to what he was saying. He explained that he was going to put a lot of this lubricant inside of me and he was going to take his time and stretch me out so that when he finally put his cock inside of me all I had to do was relax and it wouldn't be bad at all.

He sounded like he knew what he was talking about, not that I had any reason to trust him. I didn't want to get hurt though, so I tried to do what he said. I leaned my head down on my arms and forced myself to breathe deeply and relax. While I was doing that, Larry put Chase down on one side of me and told him to play with my pussy, gently.

Then he instructed Brad to get down on the other side and tease my tits. I couldn't deny that it felt nice to be touched when they kind of took it easy and it really did help me to relax.

I felt Larry pull his finger out of me after a few minutes and I tensed up. He chuckled and said, "Relax Sara. It will be a while yet."

Then I felt his fingers at my ass again. There was more grease and now there were two fingers being pushed inside of me. He was forceful, but he took his time and gave me plenty of time to adjust. It was a little uncomfortable at first. But after a couple of minutes I relaxed again and it wasn't too bad.

After a few minutes his hand was removed again but before I could tense up Chase massaged the cheeks of my ass with his free hand and Larry said, "Not yet Sara. Now we do it with three fingers."

I grunted as I felt his three fat fingers worming their way inside of me. The pleasant feelings in my breasts and my pussy were nice, but they were not a total distraction. Still, it wasn't all that bad. It hurt a little at first. But after a couple of minutes it was just a feeling of being stretched. It was more than I wanted to be stretched and it was uncomfortable. But I wasn't as scared now and it really wasn't any more than I could handle. Not yet anyway.

When he had all three fingers inside my ass and had been worming them around inside of me for a few minutes he said, "That isn't so bad is it Sara?"

I was a little short of breath but I managed to answer that it wasn't.

He said, "Those three fingers are fatter than my cock. So if I take my fingers out of you and put my cock in instead it should feel a little bit better, right?"

I wasn't totally convinced, but I was willing to try. Not that I had an actual choice. I just whispered, "I hope so."

His fingers were gently pulled out of me and there was a pause while he greased his cock up with the lubricant that he was using. Then I felt the tip of his cock pressing against my ass. He spoke again, still in that calm, gentle voice. "Just relax Sara. Push back against me. Use those same muscles you use when you go to the bathroom. Push girl."

I kept telling myself to relax and I tried to do what he said and suddenly the head of his cock popped through the tight grommet that was his target and I made a noise. I didn't scream. It wasn't much more than a squeak. I guess I was surprised when his cock entered me so suddenly.

He stopped and allowed me to adjust to his big cock and after a moment he asked, "That isn't so bad is it Sara?"

I realized that it wasn't. I wasn't having the time of my life. But I wasn't in excruciating pain either. I was panting at first, but as he calmed me down I managed to say, "No, it isn't so bad."

I was getting a little more distracted by Chase. He had begun to concentrate his attention on my clit and if I was going to be honest with myself I had to admit that this really wasn't all that bad.

Larry started slowly forcing more and more of his cock inside of me until I felt his belly nestled up against my ass. He stopped again for a minute or so and then he slowly started fucking my ass. I was really surprised when, after a few minutes it started to feel almost pleasant. I felt like I had to go to the bathroom. But I knew that I didn't. If he weren't moving it would have been easier to take I think. It wasn't so bad when he had it all the way in me. And when he was pulling it out it was kind of a relief. But even though I wasn't in a lot of pain, each time he forced it back inside of me it was very uncomfortable.

I was distracted again when Kevin decided that he was too turned on and he couldn't take it anymore. He sat down by my head and slid under me. His cock was right at my lips and I didn't even hesitate. I took him into my mouth and started sucking and now that I had something to concentrate on besides the way that my ass was being stretched it wasn't so bad. In fact, as much as I hated to admit it, with all of this stimulation, the physical stimulation all over my body and the mental stimulation from being mauled and fucked by a man and three boys were starting to have an effect.

I had the fleeting thought that I was glad that my mother wasn't watching, because I realized that if this lasted another couple of minutes I was going to have an orgasm. I wouldn't want her to see that. It did. And I did! I groaned in pleasure and came hard and that was all it took to trigger Larry's orgasm.

Larry grabbed my hips and stroked into me several times as I was cumming and then he emptied his balls in my ass. That distracted me from Kevin's cock in my mouth, but almost as soon as I put my lips back around his cock he filled my mouth with his cum.

Kevin and Larry both stayed put until they went soft. Then they pulled away and sat nearby and watched while Chase greased up his cock and took his father's place in my ass.

It honestly wasn't that bad. Chase was careful and took his time working his cock into my ass. I had been well stretched by Larry and it was almost pleasant now. As soon as I realized it I relaxed and began to kind of enjoy it. Brad helped by changing the focus of his attention from my tits to my pussy. It wasn't long before I was building back up to another orgasm as Chase held onto my hips and pumped into me.

I heard him behind me. He was groaning in pleasure, and he was saying things like, "Fuck me! Damn that feels good! Oh shit! I can't keep this up. Sara you fucking slut! I'm going to fill your tight ass with cum!"

I didn't want to cum again. It was so embarrassing when they made me cum. I couldn't help it though. When I felt Chase start to cum in my ass I groaned, "Oh god no!" Then I came again.

Chase left his cock in my ass until it was soft and then he pulled it out very slowly. It made an embarrassing noise when it came out of me but I think I was the only one that noticed. Chase moved out of the way and as Brad took his place I was thinking, "Oh god, I would give anything to have that cock in my pussy right now!"

I didn't cum again when Brad fucked me, probably because no one was rubbing my pussy while he did it. But I couldn't deny that the sensations were pleasant. There was no pain at all now. There was just the realization that I had a boy's cock in me and it was exciting in a nasty way and it made me feel sexy.

Brad didn't last very long. Or at least it didn't seem like long. After a few minutes he grabbed my hips hard and took a half a dozen rapid strokes and then I knew that he was cumming inside of me, just like his father and his brother before him.

As soon as he pulled out I collapsed on the cushion and caught my breath. I could hear them talking quietly nearby and I knew they were talking about me. I wasn't listening to them though. All I kept thinking was, "This is only the second day! I won't last two years like this, I need to be fucked!"

Larry called me over to his seat and I struggled to my feet and went over to where all four of them were seated. He looked me in the eye and asked, "That wasn't so bad was it?"

I blushed. I didn't want to admit that I had enjoyed such a nasty thing. He saw it though. They all knew that I had cum at least twice. There was no sense lying about it. I couldn't meet his eyes when I answered him, it was too embarrassing. I looked down at the deck and said, "No, that wasn't so bad."

Larry ordered me to turn around and bend over and then he made me spread my ass open. I felt them all staring at me in that incredibly embarrassing pose. Larry stuck his finger out and ran it around my ass and said, "You look just fine Sara. I can't even tell that you were just fucked. Well, except for all of the cum running down your thighs. But that's okay. It looks good on you."

He told Kevin to take me over to the shower and rinse me off. Kevin grinned and stood up and led me over to the shower by the pool. He turned the water on and bent me over and positioned me with my ass under the spray and ordered me to stay that way.

The water was pretty cool, but it was warm out and it didn't feel too bad. I felt Kevin begin to soap my ass and my thighs up and then he rinsed me off and did it again. I was finally clean enough to satisfy him and he turned off the water and dried me off.

We went back over to where the others were seated and Larry pulled me into his lap. He said, "Okay boys, from now on you can fuck her ass once a week. I don't care if you all do it at once or if you spread it out through the week. But only once a piece, that's the limit. I am going to order her to tell me if anyone breaks that rule. Just remember, every time that you fuck her ass you have to loosen her up and grease up her just like I did just now. I wasn't kidding before. If you hurt her I'll take my belt to you. Do any of you have any questions?"

The boys just shook their heads and Larry asked, "Sara, what about you?"

I thought about it. I looked around to make sure that my mother was still inside. I felt myself blushing again and that pissed me off. But I had a question. "What if I decide that I don't want to be a virgin anymore?"

Larry grinned and said, "I told you yesterday, that's up to you. What's the matter Sara, hormones and foreplay getting to you?"

I hated to admit it, but he was right. He knew it too and I started to wonder if he had been counting on it.

I said, "If I decide to change the deal, I don't want some nasty old fart like that golfer today to take my cherry. That bastard stank! I think he must shower once a week."

Larry laughed and said, "I don't need his money Sara. But I may come up with some interesting way of taking your virginity if you decide you want to give it up. It won't be up to you either. So think about it for a while."

Chase said, "Shit dad! I'll take it! I want to fuck her so bad my teeth hurt!"

Larry laughed and said, "Yeah, me too. She is one hot little piece of ass isn't she? But I've taken a girl's virginity before and it isn't what it's cracked up to be. In fact, it can be a pain in the ass. It probably wouldn't be with a hot cunt like Sara. But girls are always more fun to fuck after they get rid of that damned thing."

Larry turned back to me and between what his fingers were doing between my legs and the idea that I might soon be losing my virginity I was starting to get pretty turned on. Larry put his hand on my face and turned me so that I was looking him in the eye. He made sure that I was paying attention and that I saw how serious he was.

Once our eyes met he said, "Listen up cunt. You need to understand. If you give that cherry up then all bets are off. Once you lose that, you fuck who you are told when you are told. I'll see to it that you get on the pill, but you are going to be the same kind of slave that your mother is once someone tears that thin membrane in your tight little pussy. So you think about it tonight and we'll talk again when I get home from work tomorrow."

I guess I had to give him points for being ethical, but Christ! It sure would be nice if someone would fuck me right this minute!

Instead he said, "I am about the only one around that you haven't given some of that world famous deepthroat to. Why don't we see if you can do that before your mother calls us to dinner?"

It wasn't exactly what I had in mind.

I slid off of his lap and Kevin tossed a cushion down at my feet. I arranged it and dropped to my knees and was just about to lean forward and suck him off when I saw how messy his cock was. I stopped and looked up at him. Surely he realized that this thing needed to be cleaned off before anyone took it into their mouth!

Apparently not! Larry just cocked his eyebrow at me and waited.

I leaned down a little closer and I realized that it didn't smell that bad. I looked closer and I saw that it was kind of nasty looking, but it was just from the lubricant he had used in my ass.

I leaned down and licked the head of his cock and once I discovered that there was no terrible taste I started licking his cock and balls. There was some drying cum on his balls, but not much. The lubricant had no taste at all so the idea of what I was doing was pretty disgusting, but it actually wasn't that bad.

He got hard again pretty quickly and I was soon taking him into my mouth. I didn't anticipate any problems taking him into my throat. His cock wasn't much larger than Chase's and Jim's cock had been fatter than both of them. I was soon wrapping my lips around the base of his cock and I think that not being nervous about it anymore made it a lot easier for me.

Since I didn't need my hands on his cock I used one to tease his balls and the other one went between my own legs. I had begun to realize that just about everything these guys made me do was easier if my pussy was being rubbed. It wasn't quite as nice if I had to rub it myself, but it was better than nothing.

My mother came out just before I finished sucking him off. She came to tell us that supper was ready but she came over and stared down at me and watched until Larry came in my mouth.

After I finished with Larry she said, "Dinner is ready." She reached down and helped me to my feet and when she saw that I wasn't upset she smiled at me, kissed my forehead and led me inside.

After dinner the boys and Larry went in and watched some television while my mother and I cleaned up and got the dishwasher going.

When we were done I went into the family room and asked Larry if I could go to my room. I was exhausted. He nodded and I went upstairs and brushed my teeth and went to bed.

I lay there in the dark and instead of going to sleep I tried to decide whether or not I wanted to stay a virgin. I weighed the pros and cons and I was leaning towards giving up my virginity. I thought that then I would spend less time with a cock in my mouth and hopefully less time with a cock in my ass. But mainly I would start getting more satisfaction for myself.

When I woke up the next morning though, I realized that I had been thinking with my pussy. I didn't want to give them my virginity. I didn't want them to have such complete control over who could put their cocks in it. I knew that last night I had been stimulated by Larry and his sons for hours and it was my body and not my mind that wanted to give in.

With that question resolved I got up and went to the bathroom. I took a shower and went downstairs. Larry had already left for work and the boys were getting ready to leave for school. I suppose that I would eventually get used to it. For now though, I couldn't help feeling really strange and really embarrassed when I entered a room full of boys while I was naked.

My mother was sipping her coffee and waiting for the boys to leave so that we could get dressed and do what we had to do today. They were just about to leave when Chase said, "Fuck it! Brad, we have a few minutes. There's no sense in going to school horny."

They came back into the kitchen and Chase stood my mother up and bent her over the table and fucked her from behind while Brad made me suck him off. Every time it happened it was a little less shocking, but it was still a new and humiliating experience for both of us.

Chase came first and he made my mom clean him with her mouth before he zipped up and stood watching me finish Brad off.

Brad finally came in my mouth and they left for school. Thankfully Kevin took the bus and had already left.

We didn't talk much after they left. We straightened out the kitchen and then we went up and got dressed. We spent most of the day getting me transferred to the new high school. I had to wait and talk to a guidance counselor so while I was doing that mom went to take care of the utilities and put in a change of address for our mail.

While she was gone I signed up for my new classes. I would have liked to have had some idea which classes Chase was in so that I could avoid them, but that wasn't an option. Since I was an honor roll student I had a few extra options and I chose some honors classes in the hopes that I could avoid Chase. Cheerleading was out, the roster was full. But I got a list of the extracurricular clubs available and told the counselor I would have to decide on those later. I was assigned a locker and picked up my books and they printed out a class schedule for me.

By the time my mother returned I was outside waiting for her and we went home. As soon as we got home we undressed and mom started a roast for dinner while I went around and gathered up dirty clothes and started doing laundry.

Except that we were naked it was almost like living a normal life until the boys got home. Well, except that we were in a fucking mansion! The boys were required to go to their rooms and change out of their school clothes and do their homework before they could do anything, like use the pool or play ball or whatever they wanted to do.

Because it hadn't come up, I guess, I was the one activity that was not denied to them and it looked like I was going to become a part of their normal afterschool activities. Kevin got home about a half an hour before his brothers and as he passed through the house on his way up to his room he told me to follow him.

I had just finished folding up some clothes and I was on my way upstairs anyway. Not that it mattered. I did notice a subtle difference in how I felt about being ordered around by Kevin. Even though he was nicer than his brothers I think it bothered me more because he was only thirteen.

I grabbed the clothes that I had just folded and followed Kevin up the stairs. I told him I would be right with him and I took the clothes I was carrying to Chase's room and put them away.

I got to Kevin's room just as he was finished undressing. I expected to be ordered to give him a quick blowjob but he surprised me. He ordered me up onto his bed and he lay beside me and took his time exploring my body. As he teased my breasts he said, "I never get a chance to do this with all the others around. I love the way that your body feels. You are so sexy. Would you mind teaching me how to make a girl feel good?"

He blushed when he asked that and then he said, "I guess that sounds pretty stupid. You're the first girl I ever saw with no clothes on, or touched or anything. I don't think my brothers care. But this would be a lot more fun if we were both enjoying it, wouldn't it?"

Suddenly Kevin didn't seem like such a bad kid! I smiled at him and kissed him lightly and said, "That is so sweet. I can try. But this is all new to me too. I have had a lot of sex in the last couple of days, but I'm still a virgin. I have never done anything with anyone but you guys. I don't mind showing you what feels good to me though."

I kissed him again and said, "Girls like to kiss. And they don't want you to kiss them just because you are trying to get in their pants either!"

Kevin grinned and said, "I didn't kiss you to get in your pants. I can get in your pants any time I want, if you were wearing any. I kissed you because I like you. I know we can't be like boyfriend and girlfriend and I know you are being forced to do this. But I like you and I think it would be neat if you liked me too."

We kissed a little more and since I had never done anything with a boy until I moved in here it was a learning experience for both of us. I told him that there were lots of places that you could touch a girl that felt good. Not just on her tits and her pussy. I didn't know them all, but I had discovered a few over the last few days and I told him what I had found out from my limited personal experience.

After a few minutes I laid back and took his hand and moved it lightly over my breasts and showed him how I liked to be caressed and showed him how I liked to have my nipples touched. I had noticed that when Larry pinched them, squeezed them real hard, as surprising as it seemed it felt fantastic. It felt like electric shocks that went all the way to my pussy. He began to squeeze my nipples the way I instructed him and he couldn't believe that it wasn't hurting me. He was uncomfortable doing it until, after only a minute or so I had a great orgasm.

He was just as surprised as I was and we laughed in embarrassment at what had just happened. I kissed him again and thanked him. I told him that it was unlikely that all girls would like that. I didn't know that I liked it until his father had squeezed my nipples like that. I didn't realize until this very moment that I could have an orgasm from having my nipples squeezed. But even though I had had an orgasm, it did kind of hurt and I wouldn't want to do that every time.

After we had covered how best to pleasure my breasts I showed him what felt good when a boy was touching my pussy. I explained my clit and made sure he knew what it looked like and told him that it was the pleasure center for a girl. While I was showing him he moved down and got between my legs. He watched closely as I pointed everything out and then he asked, "Do you like being kissed and licked there as much as a guy does?"

I said, "I have only done it when you guys made my mom and I do it. I have to admit though, it was pretty fucking hot."

"Can I do it?" he asked.

I was surprised that he asked. I smiled and said, "Kevin! You know you can do anything you want except fuck me! But yes, I would love it if you did it."

He leaned forward and kissed me all around my pussy and then he started lightly licking. It felt very, very good and I groaned in pleasure. As he licked around the area I gave him a few suggestions about what felt best and soon he was driving me right up the wall. I had been given quite a few orgasms since I moved into this house, but this was the best yet! Before more than a couple of minutes had passed I was grabbing his hair and tossing and turning and I think I actually screamed in pleasure when I came.

I lay there panting for a moment and then I said, "Oh Kevin! That was wonderful! Thank you sweetheart!"

He was rubbing his hair and I sat up and said, "Oh Kevin, I'm sorry. Did I hurt you? Come up here baby. Let me make it up to you."

As Kevin scrambled up onto the bed beside me he asked excitedly, "Did you really like that? Did I do a good job?"

I hugged him tight and said, "You did great Kevin. That was the best orgasm I ever had! I mean it! That was fantastic."

I pushed him down on his back and instead of squeezing in between his legs and going right to work on his cock I kissed him on the lips and then began kissing and licking my way down his body. I could tell it was driving him crazy and it excited me almost as much as it did him.

When I got to his cock it was throbbing and nearly covered in the lubricant that was oozing out of the tip. I licked his cock clean and then took it into mouth and for the first time I was enjoying sucking a guy off. He had been so sweet and brought me so much pleasure that I really wanted to please him.

He was just as excited as I was I suppose because he came almost as soon as his cock slid into my mouth. His hips came up off the bed and he groaned and said, "Oh god! Sara!" Almost instantly my mouth was flooded with his cum and I swallowed it eagerly.

When he had finished his orgasm I pulled my head away and let the hypersensitivity fade while I kissed and licked his balls for a moment. When his cock started to go soft I took it back into my mouth and started sucking again.

He groaned and said, "Oh god Sara, I think I want to marry you!"

I knew he was kidding, but for a dumb kid he was pretty sweet. I sucked him just as eagerly the second time and it took a little longer this time. It was fun for both of us and I really enjoyed causing him so much pleasure.

He lasted much longer the second time but I was having fun and wasn't tired in the least when he finally came that second time. I swallowed his cum and then I rested my head on his stomach and held his softening cock in my mouth. As I did, he lay there regaining his composure and his hand caressed me gently from my head, down my back and over my ass. When his cock was soft I took it out of my mouth and kissed it several times and licked up a last drop of cum before I sat up.

I turned around and smiled and said, "Did you learn as much as I did?"

He closed his eyes and sighed deeply. Then he smiled up at me and pulled me down on top of him and tried to kiss me.

I put my fingers over his lips and said, "I've heard that guys don't kiss girls that suck cocks."

He smiled and said, "I hadn't heard that." He moved my hand away and pulled my head down and we kissed like lovers for another minute or two. Then he just held me in his arms for a few minutes.

He looked over at his alarm clock and said, "It's time for Heckle and Jeckle to come home. Thanks Sara. That was great."

I kissed him again and said, "Thank you Kevin, I liked it too. You are going to make it pretty hard for me to stay a virgin."

He sat up and looked serious. He asked, "You decided to stay a virgin? That's going to disappoint everyone, especially me."

I smiled and ruffled his hair and said, "I almost decided to give in last night. If your dad had decided to fuck me last night I would have let him. But in the morning I realized that I was thinking with my pussy and not my head. When you guys are playing with my pussy I get turned on and I really do want to get fucked. But when the blood returns to my brain I realize that would be a big mistake. Be honest, you know that you guys would really take advantage of me once I gave in."

Kevin smiled and said, "We could do it and not tell anyone."

I said, "That is tempting, but as often as guys stick their fingers in me lately it wouldn't be long before someone found out. Besides, we just had a lot of fun and be both got off. It was fun wasn't it?"

He nodded and said, "Yeah. I had fun. But I can't help thinking how great it would be to fuck you. I love fucking your mom, but you are so much hotter."

I chuckled and said, "That is a sentence most girls don't ever get to hear!"

We both laughed and I got up and left him to his homework. I intended to go down and finish the laundry but just as I got to the top of the stair I saw Chase and Brad coming up.

Chase looked up and saw me and said, "Hey! Do you have your class schedule?"

I said, "Yes, it's in my room."

He said, "Great, go get it and bring it down to my room."

I went to my room and retrieved my schedule and took it to Chase's room. As I entered he was getting undressed. He looked up and when I came in and asked, "What did you decide?"

I knew what he was referring to. I responded, "I have decided not to do it. I'm going to keep my virginity."

He shrugged and said, "That's a shame. You had us all going. We would all like to fuck you."

I said, "I'm sorry, really. It isn't that I don't want to give in, especially when you guys are working on me. I get turned on too. I know that I brought it up last night. Your dad was working on my pussy and I was wishing that someone would do it. But later, when I had a chance to let my hormone level drop I knew it would be a mistake. You guys are hard enough on me now, and I see how you treat my mother. If I gave in my life would be even more of a hell than it is now."

Chase looked confused. He said, "But you want to! I don't get it?"

"No," I responded. "I don't want to. The things that you make me do are horrible, especially when we go out. But I get turned on too. I'm not a fucking robot!"

"If I give in though, then as your dad keeps saying, all bets are off. Anyone can do anything to me anytime they want to. At least this way there is one barrier, one thing that is off limits. It isn't much, but it is something."

Chase smiled and said, "I guess I understand. But we are still going to make your life hell, just because you're so sexy and fucking with you turns us on."

He turned his attention to my class schedule and said, "I see that we have two classes together. And we will have the same lunch period. You were worried about wearing your new clothes to school. The fact that some kid might see your ass in those short skirts isn't even half of your problem. Now, since I can't fuck you, how about a nice blowjob?"

I got down between his legs. I had been expecting it and I wasn't even all that put out. I didn't like doing it. I didn't like being ordered to do it. But at least it wasn't out in public. I began sucking him off and I tried not to think about the implied threats he had made about what he was going to do to me in school.

He leaned back on his elbows and watched me suck his cock and after a few minutes he said, "God you are hot! You have a perfect body and you look so sexy with a cock in your mouth."

I wasn't sure if he was really trying to give me a compliment or if he was trying to make me feel bad. I had a suspicion that he was just being nasty and trying to rub it in that I had to suck his cock whenever he wanted and be naked all the time.

I sucked his cock the way they had taught me and in about ten minutes he came in my mouth. After I swallowed he handed me back my schedule and said, "Go see Brad now."

I turned and started out but then I got curious. I turned back and asked, "Which classes do we have together?"

He said, "Biology and European History. Are you any good in Biology? I'm really struggling with that."

I shrugged and said, "I've been doing okay. I guess we could study together if you want me to try and help."

He grinned and said, "I'd appreciate it, but I'm still going to fuck with you."

I shrugged again and headed for Brad's room. I made a detour to my room and dropped my schedule on my desk and went to his room. He looked up when I got to his door and said, "It really sucks being last. I've been thinking about you all day."

I knew that wasn't a compliment. What he meant was that he had been thinking about using me all day.

He told me to lie down on his bed and then he straddled my chest. He had seen Kevin fuck my tits and he wanted to try it. He sat on my stomach for a few minutes and teased my tits and then he moved up and I pressed my tits against his cock.

He moved in and out of my cleavage for a minute and then he said, "It looks pretty hot, but it doesn't feel so good. Let's try this." He pulled his cock free and placed it at my lips and said, "Suck on it for a minute and get it nice and wet."

I took his cock in my mouth and did my best to coat it with saliva. I had noticed that after Kevin had spit on me when he was fucking my tits it hadn't been so uncomfortable. So I knew that it was in my best interests to provide a lot of moisture.

After a couple of minutes he slid back down and we tried it again and I guess it was alright because he started fucking my tits hard and fast. In a few minutes I felt his cum shooting out and the first spurt landed right in my face. The next one hit my chin and dribbled down onto my neck and then there was one more that hit my face. There was a little more that ended up between my tits as he continued to saw his cock back and forth and then he fell onto his side beside me.

He smiled at me and said, "Not bad." As he talked he began scooping up the cum and feeding it to me. He continued, "It isn't as much fun as fucking your mouth or your ass, but a little variety is nice. I'd rather fuck your pussy though."

I didn't have a response to that so I just lay there until he told me I could leave. Then I got up and went to my bathroom and cleaned up and went downstairs. Mom looked up when I came into the kitchen and asked if she needed any help.

She shook her head and asked, "Are you okay?"

I nodded. It hadn't been that bad. I had even enjoyed it with Kevin! I set the table and went and got the last load of clothes out of the dryer and folded them. I took them upstairs and when I got back downstairs Larry was just coming in.

Mom told him that supper was ready whenever he was and he said, "Great! It smells wonderful. Go ahead and put it on the table and I'll be down as soon as I change."

We put supper on the table and the boys came down and sat down. Larry was down in a few minutes in shorts and a t-shirt and we ate quietly. Mom told Larry what she had done today and when she was finished Larry turned to me and asked, "Did you make up your mind?"

I saw the curious look on my mom's face. I kind of wished that he hadn't asked me in front of her. I nodded and said, "I've decided not to change the deal. I'm going to keep my virginity."

He smiled and said, "Smart girl. I can't say that I don't wish you had gone the other way, but you made the right decision."

My mother was staring at me and I said, "I asked him yesterday about changing the deal. I was feeling kind of horny. He told me to sleep on it and in the morning I realized I had been thinking with the wrong organ. Don't worry mom. Teenagers get horny. It was just temporary insanity. Larry did the honorable thing."

Chase said, "Yeah, damn it!"

I helped mom clean up after supper and the boys went back upstairs to finish their homework. Mom and I went out to the pool to join Larry and he was just climbing out of the water when we came out.

He went over to a lounge chair and slipped his trunks off. As he was stepping out of them he said, "I don't know why I wear these. When it is just us there isn't much need for clothing is there? I guess it's just force of habit."

When he was naked he stretched out and said, "How about if you two come over here and relieve some of my stress?"

We went over to his chair, but we weren't sure what he wanted us to do. Well, we knew in general, but we didn't know if he had something specific in mind. We stood at the foot of his lounge chair for a moment and then mom went to her knees on one side of him and told me to kneel on the other side. She leaned down and started kissing and licking his cock and he moved his leg off to the side and put his foot on the ground. I was able to get my head between his thighs and I began to kiss and lick his balls.

I guess that was what he had in mind. If it wasn't he didn't complain. It felt pretty strange to be licking his balls with my mother's face right there. I guess it was probably even harder for her though.

After we had been working on him for about five minutes or so he said, "That feels great. Switch off for a while. I don't want anyone getting jealous."

My mother took her mouth from his cock and I took her place. I noticed that we were both avoiding looking at each other as we worked on him. While I was sucking his cock I felt his hand on my ass. I glanced up and I could tell that he had a hand on my mom's ass too. I may have been an inexperienced virgin, but I wasn't so naïve that I didn't have some idea of how exciting it must be for a man to have a pretty woman and her teenage daughter at his disposal this way.

I felt him tensing up after a while and his hand clamped down on my ass cheek. I knew the signs. I moved my lips back up to the head of his cock and began using my hand on his shaft the way he had taught me. Now that I had started taking these cocks down my throat it was actually a relief for me when they were getting ready to cum and I could finish them off with my hand. It didn't hurt when I took them in my throat anymore. But it was uncomfortable and I preferred this to having a cock in my throat.

He filled my mouth with cum and after he finished I sat up and swallowed easily. After he caught his breath he asked, "How many was that today?"

I honestly didn't know! I had to stop and think. There was Brad this morning, then Kevin twice, then Chase and I wasn't sure how to count Brad since he had fucked my tits and then made me eat his cum and finally Larry. I finally answered, "Five and a half."

I had to explain the half and he found that amusing. He sent my mom to the kitchen for a bottle of wine and three glasses. When she came back out we sat in the shallow end of the pool and sipped wine and relaxed.

I was worried about tomorrow and I asked him if there were limits on what Chase and Brad could make me do at school.

He said, "I have talked to them. They can't make you do anything that will get you in trouble with the teachers or the principal. They can continue to humiliate you and I look forward to hearing about it when I get home at night. But your virginity is to remain intact and anal sex is reserved for the boys and me. Any sexual acts you are made to perform must not be public because that could cause trouble. They must be with people the boys trust to keep their mouths shut. They must also make sure that any of the guys they loan you to understand that they do not have permission to use you when my boys are not around. Does that answer your question?"

I sighed and said, "I'm afraid so." I had suspected that that was going to be the plan for me. For the first time in my life I was dreading going to school. I knew that the boys were going to make things hard on me and take great pleasure in doing it. I thought that I could probably put up with two years of the things they made me do at home. I might even get to where I could tolerate the things that they did to torment me when we went out. I didn't know if I could take two years of being the school slut. They may not make me suck off every boy in school, but I had faith in them. I was pretty sure that it wouldn't be very long before I had been exposed to every boy in school just to humiliate me. Humiliating me really seemed to turn them on.

The three boys joined us after a while. First Kevin and then Brad and a few minutes later Chase came out. Chase was permitted a glass of wine and he sat with us. His father asked him if he had plans for me tomorrow and Chase grinned and said, "Yeah, but I'm going to start her out light. It'll probably be a couple of days before I make her suck off the whole football team."

I hoped that he was just teasing, but I wasn't sure.

Larry said, "Just don't forget the limits I laid out for you. You can have fun, but you don't have to be a prick about it."

Chase responded, "Yeah, I know. Don't worry."

I was worried though. Chase may not be violent, but he seemed to really be enjoying the power trip he was on. He might not hurt me, but he got off on this humiliation stuff. He really enjoyed degrading me and embarrassing me, maybe even more than the others. He might stay within Larry's guidelines. But I was pretty sure that he was going to test the limits and enjoy the hell out of it.

Larry sent us to bed at nine and told the boys to leave me alone tonight. I said goodnight and went up to my room and went through my clothes. I had made note of the five least revealing outfits when I had been trying them on in the store. I had separated them out when I was putting them away and now I tried to decide which of the five would be best to wear to my first day in a new school, which of the five was the least revealing.

There wasn't much difference between them. I couldn't wear the skirts because all of the tops Larry had bought for me were either crop tops with obscene sayings on them, had plunging necklines, or were totally sheer. So I had to wear a dress. All of the dresses just barely covered my ass and most of them were semi-sheer. They were definitely not made to be worn without undergarments. I honestly didn't believe that I could wear them to school and not get sent home. But I guess it wasn't my problem because I didn't have a choice.

I selected the one that I thought was the least revealing and turned my light off and went to bed. I lay there in the dark trying not to think about how horrible tomorrow was going to be.

The boys all went right to bed but ten minutes later I saw a shadow in my door and I looked up to see Kevin. He saw me look up at him and he came in and sat on the side of my bed.

I thought he was going to ask me for sex, despite what Larry had said. Instead, he took my hand and said, "I'm sorry Sara. I like you and I'm sorry about what they are making you do. I know it's wrong. And I know that sometimes Chase likes to do mean things. I wish there was something I could do."

I sat up and hugged him and said, "I appreciate that Kevin. I appreciate you being so sweet. That helps honey. Thank you."

I kissed him goodnight and he went to bed and for some reason it did seem to help. I went to sleep in a little while with a warm feeling in my stomach. Kevin was a nice little bright spot in my miserable life and I think that I really needed something like that to cling to, even if it was just that he had sympathy for me.

I took a shower and shaved and dressed in the morning. I looked in my mirror and I just couldn't believe that I was going to go to school like this. I would have felt a little better if I could have worn a bra and panties. They would have been on display. But better them than me.

I went downstairs but I couldn't eat breakfast. I was too scared. Larry and mom had already left for the office. I had a glass of juice and put my book bag by the door. I made a sandwich on the off chance that they would give me a chance to eat lunch. Somehow I wasn't too confident about that.

Kevin winked at me as he left to get the bus. Then I was alone with Chase and Brad. Brad saw that I had only had juice for breakfast. He said, "Sara! Breakfast is the most important meal of the day!"

He got up and got out a bowl and poured some cereal and milk in the bowl and set it on the table near me. Then he pulled his cock out and masturbated, shooting his cum over the cereal.

I stared at him in disbelief for a moment. I don't know why. There was nothing out of character about what he was doing. He placed the bowl in front of me and he and Chase sat and watched. I stared down in disgust at the cereal with its milky topping. I had eaten so much cum in the last few days that you wouldn't think this would even have bothered me. It did though. It looked disgusting. I picked up a spoon and held it suspended over the bowl for a moment.

Finally I steeled myself and took a spoonful of cereal and put it in my mouth. I had deliberately chosen the area with the highest concentration of cum thinking that I might as well eat that first and get it over with. The reality wasn't as bad as the idea of it though and I swallowed it down as quickly as I could. By the time I had eaten half a dozen spoonfuls of cereal there was no more cum visible in the bowl.

Once I had eaten the top layer with Brad's cum on it they got bored and Brad started rushing me. I poured out what was left and I followed Chase and Brad out to the car. We put our things in the back of his SUV. I thought it must be nice to live the way they do. They lived in a huge house and Larry drove a Mercedes and Chase drove one of the two matching Lexus SUVs. Being rich hardly sucks at all. And now they have a couple of sex slaves too!
Continues...

Pages: Prev | 1 | 2 | 3 | 4 | 5 | 6 | 7 | 8 | Next


Home « Vulgus's Page - Settings
A New Life for Sara
by Vulgus
Copyright© 2008 by Vulgus


Pages: Prev | 1 | 2 | 3 | 4 | 5 | 6 | 7 | 8 | Next

Continuation...

Chase drove of course and I got in the back. I thought that Brad would sit in front but he got in back with me. I thought that he was just doing that so he could play with me. He did play with me, but apparently Chase picked up his best friend every day and drove him back and forth to school. He had left the front seat for Chase's friend.

As we left the house Brad had his hand between my legs and told me to unbutton a few more buttons on my dress. By the time I had exposed my breasts for him we had pulled up to a house a few blocks away and Chase's friend got in.

The boy was introduced to me and his eyes almost popped out of his head as he stared at my exposed tits and Brad's hand on my pussy. His nickname was Red, for obvious reasons. He had bright red hair. He stared at me for a few moments and said excitedly, "Man! You weren't kidding. She is hot!"

I had begun to get used to being naked at home. It was humiliating all over again to be exposed like this when we went out though. It was nearly as bad as the first time. I had tried to steel myself for this before we left the house. I knew it was going to happen. But there is no way to really prepare your mind for the humiliation of being exposed to strangers of the opposite sex. I suspect it must be even worse when you are a teenage girl.

Red said, "Man, it must be torture to have a hot little piece like that running around naked and you can't fuck her."

Chase responded, "Yeah, kind of. But she has gotten real good at sucking cock already. I'd love to fuck her, but how many guys our age have a hot girl living with them that they can do just about anything they want with any time they feel like it? Besides, we can always fuck her mom, and her mom is hot too."

Red said, "Christ! My dick feels like it is going to explode!"

Chase laughed and said, "If the traffic isn't too bad around school we might get there early enough to take care of that for you."

All the time they were talking about me Brad was teasing my pussy and it was starting to really help. I was still embarrassed, but I was getting turned on despite that and I was starting to feel like I wanted to get fucked again. I knew I wasn't going to. I had thought it all out and I was prepared to cope with that feeling. But it was a nice feeling and that helped a little.

Chase spoke over his shoulder to Brad. "Hey man, get your hand off of her pussy for a minute. Let Red check her out."

Brad was sitting behind Chase in the back seat and I was sitting beside him. He pulled my left leg into his lap and told me to put my right leg up on the seat beside me. This splayed me out obscenely and Red was staring right at my pussy which was swollen from ten or fifteen minutes of being played with.

There was nothing I could do. I just lay my head back against the seat and let him look. I saw him moving around and I was expecting it when he reached back between the front seats and ran a couple of fingers over my pussy lips. He slid a finger inside of me and was pretty rough. Brad cautioned him, "Careful Red. You pop that cherry and dad will kill us."

Red moved his finger in and out for a minute and said, "That's a fucking shame. That is one beautiful pussy. How does she taste?"

Chase laughed and said, "Who the fuck knows. Her job is to satisfy us, not the other way around. If you want to know how she tastes you'll have to ask her mother!"

Red looked at him like he was crazy and then he said, "You're out of your mind man. That is eating pussy there. If she was staying in my house I would fall asleep and wake up the next morning with my mouth glued to that thing."

I was pretty sure that neither Chase nor Brad had ever eaten a pussy and I didn't get the impression they were all that interested in trying. I was starting to think that when it came to sex their little brother was light years ahead of them. I wasn't dumb enough to say that out loud though.

Red was still lightly fingering my pussy when he said thoughtfully, "You know, you guys have to be real careful who finds out about her. If word gets out that you're porking your stepsister you won't be able to get another date until you go away to college. Girls don't like to share. You'll have to hang around outside the Catholic high school down the road and try to meet a girl that's looking for something to confess on Sunday. Hell, you might have to convert!"

I couldn't see Chase's face, but I could see that Brad hadn't thought about that. I'm pretty sure that both of them had been looking forward to letting everyone in school know that they had a sex slave despite what Larry had told them about keeping it quiet. Now they had something to think about.

We finally arrived at the school and cars were just starting to pour into the student parking area. We got there early enough that Chase was able to find a spot to park in the shade. As soon as he parked Red got out and climbed into the back with me. Brad got out and said, "Enjoy, I'll see you at lunch time."

Even before Brad had closed the door Red was opening his pants and pulling them down to his ankles. He pulled me close and before he forced me to suck his cock he kissed me and played with my tits for a few moments. While he was doing that I played with his cock. It had occurred to me that if I did that the blowjob wouldn't take as long.

My plan must have worked. I was soon on my knees on the floor behind Chase and leaning over and sucking Red's cock while he squeezed one of my tits. His cock was long and thin, like Kevin's only a little longer, and it went down my throat easily. He had apparently not had a girl take him into her throat before and as soon as I did it he leaned back and said, "Fuck me! Girl you know what you are doing!"

I don't think he lasted five minutes. Just before he came he let go of my tit and grabbed my head and held it pressed tightly against his stomach. His cum shot right down my throat so I didn't have to taste it and I didn't have the aftertaste in my mouth all morning. I know that wasn't why he did it, but I was grateful.

As soon as Red put his clothes back in order we got out of the car. Chase hadn't had a blowjob this morning and when I glanced down at his pants I got the impression that he regretted not taking the time. He looked me over before we headed into the school and before he let me leave he unbuttoned the top button on my dress. He looked down and was considering whether or not to unbutton the bottom button when the first bell rang. He decided to wait and see I guess. But he ordered me not to have anything covering my lap when I sat down. I thought he was finished with me but as I started to walk away he said, "When you get to Carter's third period History class I want you to sit in the front row and keep your knees four inches apart."

We had two classes together, our third period European History class and the last period of the day when we took biology. I nodded at him and walked away.

I was relieved to be away from him at first. But as I walked alone towards the front door through all of these strange kids I suddenly felt so out of place. I wasn't the only girl that was dressed in clothes that would have gotten us thrown out of my last school. I even saw a few girls in crop tops. There were plenty of miniskirts around too. But I didn't see anyone that was dressed as slutty as I was. Judging from the remarks I was hearing as I moved through the crowd I wasn't the only one that was aware of it either.

It seemed like everyone I passed was watching me go past. I saw a lot of conversations come to a sudden stop as I made my way past small clusters of kids to the front door. I found my locker and put my book bag away. I grabbed the books I needed for my first class and my notebook and made my way down the packed hallway looking for the classroom. I felt several hands on my ass as I walked. It was just a sort of 'accidentally on purpose' brushing of a hand over my butt. I wasn't surprised, dressed the way that I was.

I found my class and the teacher was already in the room talking with another student. I walked up and waited until he was free and when the other student walked away the teacher turned to me and his eyes got big. I saw his eyes travel over my body and take note of my hemline and my nearly exposed breasts and then he pulled himself together and in a strained voice he asked, "Can I help you?"

I introduced myself and told him I had just transferred in and asked if the seating was assigned. I saw him move his eyes back down to my breasts and I was reminded that if you looked close my nipples showed through the thin material.

He shook his head as if to clear it and said, "I'm sorry, that's a beautiful dress Miss Dalton, very distracting." He cleared his throat and said, "No, we don't have assigned seating." Then he pointed to a desk up front and said, "That desk is normally unoccupied, why don't you sit there."

I thanked him and turned around to see the other seats were filling up fast. Nearly all of them were occupied now and everyone was staring at me. I blushed and the fact that I was blushing embarrassed me even more. I looked away and moved quickly to the desk the teacher had indicated and sat down. I realized right away that getting in and out of a student desk in this tiny dress was going to be a problem. It is difficult to do it gracefully under the best of circumstances. In this tiny dress it was impossible to do without displaying more of my anatomy than I was in the habit of displaying in public.

I sat down and I looked down to see how bad it was. It was pretty bad. Looking straight down my skirt just barely covered my slit. I knew that from anyplace in the room that was in front of me, where the teacher was standing for instance, my slit would be visible. If I needed proof of that it was obvious when I finally looked up and the teacher was staring at my crotch unabashedly. There was nothing I could do about it though. I just sat there with my knees pressed tightly together and looked down at my open notebook as if that blank page were the most fascinating thing in the world.

I could at least be grateful that most of the other students were already seated and that I was in the front of the room. If I were seated behind them they could look back and see how much of me there was to see.

The bell finally rang and after the last few stragglers settled down the class began. I had been relieved when I got my books yesterday to learn that all but one of my classes was using the same books that I had been using at my old school. Since school was just getting started after summer vacation we were in just about the same place in the book too. So I wouldn't have to worry about getting up to speed. I hoped that was true in all of my classes.

Except that the teacher seemed to be having as much trouble concentrating as I was, that first class of the day wasn't as bad as I had feared. Not until the bell rang to change classes. I thought that I would wait a moment or two and let the rest of the class rush for the door. Once they were on the way out I would be able to get out of my seat without drawing too much attention.

Instead, as soon as they were free to stand a half a dozen of the boys came over and introduced themselves to me. I knew that looking down at me like that they could see into the top of my dress and that even though I had remained as still as I possibly could during the class my skirt had risen up slightly and they could all see the top of my slit.

I tried to be polite but I realized that the only thing I could do now was to stand as gracefully as possible and make my way to my next class. I felt their eyes on me as I swung my legs out from under my desk and I couldn't help noticing how much of me was on display. Neither could they. All attempts at conversation ceased and they were all silent except for the occasional breathless, "Holy shit! Will you look at that!"

As politely as I could I told the boys that I was pleased to meet them but that I was in a hurry to find my next classroom. Then I turned and rushed from the room blushing furiously.

The next class went just about the same. I got a different look from the teacher when I introduced myself though. She obviously didn't think much of me or the way that I was dressed for school. She didn't say anything though and that really surprised me.

I found a seat and struggled once more to sit down while exposing as little flesh as possible. I was three rows back this time and several boys seated in front of me got an eyeful when I struggled into my seat. I watched as their faces turned red and they stared incredulously when they realized that they were looking at my exposed pussy.

They didn't stare at me during the entire class, but from time to time throughout that hour they would turn around and glance directly at my exposed pussy.

When the bell rang, those boys that had gotten the show turned around to watch me get up from my seat. I had no choice but to spread my legs as I turned and rose and I could just imagine what they were seeing. I could hear the excited buzz of conversation as I walked away.

I noticed something else, something besides the looks and the occasional "accidental" touches from the boys. I had been through two classes and not a single girl had spoken to me. I didn't blame them I guess. I wouldn't have had anything to do with me either. It made me sad though. The next two years were going to be hard enough. It was going to be even worse with no friends. I was looking at a pretty bleak future.

My next class was the one I most dreaded. I was lucky enough to sit in the front, because that was where Chase had ordered me to sit. But as soon as I sat down I was forced to spread my legs four inches apart. I looked down and saw that my slit was totally on display, just as Chase had known that it would be. The boy seated on my left could even see it!

Mr. Carter, the teacher, spent the entire class at his desk. I don't know if he normally sat while he taught. But he did today. Every time I looked at him he was staring directly at my pussy.

The school was large and they had split up the lunch periods. I had been assigned the early lunch from eleven to noon. When the bell rang I had intended to go outside and find somewhere that I could sit alone and try to relax. It had been a stressful morning and my nerves were really on edge. Before I could leave though, Chase came up behind me and said, "Hold on Sara."

I stood there, afraid of anything that Chase might have in mind. When the class had emptied he walked over and shut the door and locked it. Now I was really nervous. He came back over to me and pulled me over to stand in front of the teacher and said, "Well, what do you think?"

Mr. Carter looked at me and I suddenly realized that he wasn't nearly as shy as I had thought. He stood up and I saw that he approved of the way I looked. His cock was hard as an iron bar.

He finally spoke to Chase. "You were right Mr. Flack. She is very lovely, very sexy. If you were right about the other things that you said then we have a deal."

Chase said, "You got it Mr. Carter. Sara, take your dress off and give Mr. Carter a nice blowjob."

I was so shocked that I didn't move at first. Not until he said sharply, "Now Sara!"

I put my books down on the desk and unbuttoned the few remaining buttons on my dress and quickly slipped it off and dropped it on top of my books. I was about to drop to my knees when he asked, "Sara, you are very beautiful. Is it true that you are a virgin?"

I nodded, but he apparently didn't believe me. His hand cupped my mound for a moment and then I felt one of his fingers worming inside of me until the tip was pressing against my hymen. I was humiliated, as usual, but I suddenly thought, "I must have the most explored hymen in the fucking school!" I almost laughed out loud but I didn't really feel like laughing.

He pulled his finger out of me and wiped it on my lips. Then he stood up and unbuckled his belt and opened his pants. He pushed them down to his ankles and sat back down. I knelt in front of him and as I leaned forward to begin sucking his cock he reached out and grabbed my tit and said, "I have been getting teased half to death by you young prick teasers ever since I came to work here. You are one beautiful little slut and I would truly love to fuck the shit out of you bitch, but for now I will happily settle for the best blowjob that I have ever had. Young Mr. Flack informs me that you are very good at this. Don't disappoint me. His grade depends upon it."

I leaned forward and began kissing and then licking his balls. As I did his cock throbbed and I saw that it was soaking wet with lubrication. It must have been drooling out of him all during our class.

I licked his cock clean and began to suck him off the way that I had been taught. It was no big deal I guess. He had an average sized cock, not too long and not too thick. I didn't have any trouble taking it into my throat. He sat back and stared at me as I sucked him off and I guess he liked what he saw because he came very quickly.

After I swallowed his cum I started to straighten up but Chase said, "That was pretty quick. It's your fault for teasing him for an hour. Get down there and do it again. Show him how much you appreciate the education he is giving you."

I was thinking "Fuck you! If you want a good grade you suck him off!" But I knew better than to say anything. I took Mr. Carter's still hard cock back into my mouth and this time he lasted much longer. I sucked on his cock for at least ten or fifteen minutes before I sensed him getting close again. I was getting tired but of course no one cared about me.

He closed his eyes and tensed up and grabbed my hair as I finished him off. He didn't cum nearly as much this time and I swallowed it easily and I was finally allowed to get up.

Before he stood up and got dressed he ran his hands over my body for a few minutes and as he explored my body he said to Chase, "Yes Mr. Flack, I think you were right. She is definitely worth an A. I can't wait until next Monday."

He looked me right in the eye when he spoke with Chase. He saw the look of near despair when I found out that this was going to happen every Monday from now on and it made him smile. He took his hands away from my body finally and said, "I do hope that at some time before the end of the school year you lose your virginity Miss Dalton. I can just imagine how wonderful it would feel to put my hard cock inside of that tight little cunt of yours."

As I was putting my dress on again I looked at the clock. Lunch was nearly half over. I went to my locker and got my books for the next two classes and looked at the bag with the sandwich I had made. I was too upset to eat. So I closed my locker and headed outside to get a little air before my next class.

As I moved toward the door I felt a hand on my ass. I looked up to see Chase smiling at me. He said, "Come on, I'll show you where to meet us at lunch time from now on."

"Christ!" I thought. "They aren't going to leave me alone for a second!"

I followed Chase out to the side of the building and we joined a group of kids under a large tree. Chase introduced me and then ignored me and talked with his friends. His friends didn't ignore me though. They were all staring at me and a couple of them moved closer and started a conversation. They asked me where I was from and the normal inane questions that people ask under that kind of situation. What classes was I taking and what did I think of this teacher or did I like asparagus? That sort of thing.

They seemed to be trying to get up the nerve to hit on me but they didn't know what my relationship to Chase was. I didn't mind though. They took my mind off what was happening to me for a few minutes, even if they were staring at my tits the entire time.

The bell rang all too soon and we all headed back inside. My first two classes in the afternoon were on the second floor and I caused quite a stir as I made my way up the stairs. I knew that the boys directly behind me had a very good view of my ass cheeks. I heard them whispering excitedly behind me. I wanted to reach back and hold my skirt down over my butt, or even just reach back and see just how much of my ass was exposed. I knew it would be a waste of time though. I just tried to ignore them and wished desperately that the pack of kids in front of me would move faster. It seemed to take forever to get to the top of the stairs.

I found my next classroom and introduced myself to the teacher again and he pointed out an empty seat. Two boys stood to the side watching with interest as I struggled to sit down. I knew that they could see my slit but by now there must have been a room full of men and boys that had seen the entrance to my vagina and I wasn't comfortable with the idea, but I guess I was getting numb from the shock, because I hardly even blushed this time.

The boys that had been watching sat down on either side of me and started talking to me. I was polite, and I could have really used a friend right then, but I wasn't ready to meet boys and start dating. I was afraid of how it might complicate my already complicated life. So I was careful to make sure I didn't give either of them the wrong impression. I was friendly, but not open.

To be honest, I don't know that they were interested in dating me anyway. They just stared at my breasts and my slit like every other boy did lately.

My last class of the day was Biology. As I entered the classroom Chase called me over to where he was sitting with some of his friends in the back and said, "I saved a seat for you."

I went up and introduced myself to the teacher and then returned to Chase and took the seat that he indicated. We were in the back corner of the room and I recognized several of the guys around me as boys that had been with us at lunch time. Once the class was in session Chase whispered to me to turn to my left and spread my legs. Chase was on my right. On my left were three of his friends.

I looked around and I saw that from time to time other boys in the class were glancing my way. They were going to see what I was doing. I didn't have any choice though. I slowly turned to my left and spread my legs. I couldn't look at the boys though. I stared straight ahead at the teacher in the front of the classroom.

I couldn't help noticing that occasionally some of the other kids would look in my direction and see what was going on and it kept getting worse. I saw a girl sitting in front of me and down and to the left glance back and do a double take. Then she leaned over and whispered to a girl in front of her and then both girls were staring at me as I sat so obviously exposed on purpose to the boys in the row of seats beside me. For some reason the fact that they saw what I was doing was more embarrassing than being forced to let the boys look at my shaved pussy.

I sat like that for the entire class. I don't think I heard a thing the teacher said until the class was half over! I jumped up when the bell rang and grabbed my books and Chase said, "Meet me at the car."

I made my way to my locker with a boy's hand on my ass almost all the way. It wasn't Chase this time though. It was one of the boys that I had been flashing in class. Well, I guess you can't call what I did flashing. I had been putting on an exhibition. There was no flash.

His locker was near mine and as we arrived at my locker he said, "Thanks for the show Sara."

I opened my locker and got out the books I needed to take home and with my eyes staring at the ground I made my way to the car. I was too embarrassed to look at anyone's face. So many boys had seen my pussy today and I really couldn't face anyone.

When I got to the car Red and Brad and another boy were standing nearby and Chase was telling them about the two classes that I had with him. He told them that I had sucked off Mr. Carter twice, in the nude, and he told them how I had exposed myself in our last class. They all looked up and smiled as I approached and I recognized the fourth boy as being one of the boys that had enjoyed my exhibition in our last class.

Chase unlocked the car and he and Brad got in front. I was forced to sit between Red and Lou. Before the car was even started my dress was unbuttoned all the way and the two boys roughly explored my body as Chase eased out into the line of cars moving slowly towards the exit. It took us fifteen minutes to get out of the parking lot and by the time we did I was on my knees sucking Lou's cock. I didn't get the impression that Chase was taking Red's advice about being discreet. The way things were going it wouldn't be long before everyone in the school knew about me.

I was starting to think that it might not be up to me when I was going to lose my virginity after all. If one or more of the other boys in school didn't do it first, one of Chase's friends was likely to rape me before very long. A girl couldn't tease guys like this and not get raped. I was going to have to try and bring that up tonight with Larry when he was hearing about what happened to me today. I know that Chase had permission to humiliate me. I wasn't sure if he wasn't going too far though. He was certainly going too far for me.

Lou came so fast it startled me. I had hardly gotten started when he filled my mouth with cum. The other three guys laughed at him but he said, "Fuck you! That was just the warm up. Keep sucking Sara."

Red teased him as I went back to sucking him off. "That was your first blowjob, wasn't it Lou?"

Lou had reached down and was straining to reach my right breast while I sucked his cock. He took it in his hand and groped it roughly and finally answered, "Yeah, so what?"

Oh well, at least he was being honest.

I sucked him as enthusiastically as I could but when Chase pulled up to the curb in front of his house he had not yet cum a second time. While they were waiting for me to finish him off there was a tapping at Brad's window and I heard it open.

There was a pause and then a young girl's voice said excitedly, "Holy shit Lou! You're getting a blowjob!"

Lou chuckled and said, "Yeah Tawny, this is Sara, a new girl in school. You gotta keep this to yourself though, okay?"

Tawny was quiet for a minute and then she asked, "What kind of a girl gets naked in a car with four boys and sucks them off?!"

Brad said, "You promise not to tell anyone Tawny?"

I was listening closely to this conversation. I wanted to turn and see how old she was. She sounded very young. After a short pause she said, "Yeah, I promise."

Brad said, "That's our new stepsister, Sara. She is still a virgin, but she does whatever we want. That's how girls should all be."

Tawny laughed and said, "Yeah right! In your dreams!"

Just then Lou grabbed my head and pulled it down against his stomach and shot his cum down my throat. He turned my head loose finally and I sat up and looked out the window to see a pretty young girl that looked about twelve or thirteen. I turned around and buried my face in my hands and said, "Oh fuck!"

Lou laughed and said, "Don't worry about it Sara. She won't say anything."

I looked up at the jerk and said, "It doesn't matter. She's too young. It isn't right."

Tawny heard me and responded indignantly, "I am not too young! I'm not even a virgin anymore. I just don't do it with four guys at once like you!"

There wasn't much I could say to that.

Chase chuckled and said, "Jesus Lou. You aren't porking your little sister are you?"

Tawny said, "Ewww! That's gross!"

Lou had his pants back together and was about to get out of the car when he said, "No, I thought I'd wait a year or two until she grows some tits."

The boys all laughed and Lou got out. I was put back to work sucking Red off and he made me get up on the seat while I did it so that my breasts were within easy reach.

He held my head in place so that I had to keep sucking him as I worked my way up onto the seat. I was a little worried about who else might see me. The windows were tinted, but not so dark that people couldn't see in.

Red grabbed one of my tits and it felt like he was trying to milk me as I sucked him off. I thought of how many more dicks I was going to have to suck off this afternoon before I got any rest and it was pretty daunting. I still had to finish off Red and then I had all three boys to suck off before Larry got home. Maybe he would take pity on me tonight and let me rest. After all, this was supposed to be about my mother being his sex slave, not me.

Chase pulled over and I assumed that we were at Red's house. I worked as hard as I could to get him off and finally I felt him about to cum. He didn't grab my head so I wrapped my lips around the head of his cock and finished him off with my hand. When he had cum I sat up and swallowed and then sat down in the seat.

I looked up and saw Chase and Brad watching and I asked if I could button my dress back. I looked more and more like the slut that I was becoming.

Chase said, "Don't bother. We'll be home in a minute and I'll park in the garage. You'll just have to undress again in a couple of minutes."

Red said, "Thanks for the ride." Then he turned to me and said, "And thanks for the two blowjobs. It sucks that I can't fuck you, but you sure can suck!"

I didn't respond. That may have seemed like a compliment to him. I didn't feel like I had been flattered though. I felt much more like I had just been put in my place, that place being on my knees and doing whatever some boy wanted me to do.

We were home minutes later and I followed the boys into the house. I took my books to my room and then went down to Chase's room as ordered. I stopped at Kevin's room on the way and said hello and told him I would be back in a few minutes. He nodded and I appreciated the sympathetic look on his face. Oh well, at least I had one friend.

I went to Chase's room and he had me lay on my back on his bed with my legs hanging over the side. He played with my pussy for a few minutes and I was as disturbed as he was amused to discover how wet I was.

He dipped a finger into my pussy and spread my juices all over my mound. Then he lifted my legs and rested his cock on my mound and closed my legs and held them in the air. His cock was trapped between my upper thighs and he began to saw it in and out of the tight crevice that was formed. As he moved, his cock rubbed up and down through my slit and over my clit and I hated to admit it but it felt pretty damned good.

I was soon moaning and grabbing at his bedspread and to my surprise I came before he did. It wasn't as good as when I was with Kevin, but it felt pretty damned good and pretty soon I was having second thoughts about remaining a virgin again. Damn it felt good!

In a few more minutes he came all over my stomach. It was a lot too. There were three or four large jets of cum and then he stood over me and said, "Rub it into your tits. It's good for your skin."

I spread the hot cream up over my stomach and rubbed it into my chest while he watched in amusement. He probably thought it was a pretty nasty thing to do. Personally I preferred rubbing it into my tits to swallowing it, except for the smell of course. It was pretty strong.

He finally let my legs fall open and looked down at my red, swollen pussy. He smiled and said, "It looks like you just got fucked."

I looked down and he was right. His cock was still more hard than soft and he rubbed the head of it against my slit and even slipped it inside of me. I got pretty nervous because there was still some cum on the head of his dick. I looked up at his face and I saw how close he was to saying the hell with it and shoving it in. To be honest, I don't think I would have been that upset. He came to his senses though and pulled his cock out of me. It had felt pretty good to have even just an inch of his fat cock inside of me. I knew that I was back to thinking with my pussy, but even knowing it I almost told him to go ahead.

He finally dropped my legs and sat down on the side of the bed. He ordered me to suck his cock clean and then go clean up before I went to see Brad. I sucked his nearly soft cock clean and licked his balls and then I went to my room. I used a warm, damp cloth to clean up and then went to Brad's room.

He was naked, but he had already started on his homework. When I came in he pulled his chair away from his desk and spread his legs and waited. I went over to him and dropped to my knees and sucked him off. He was pretty tightly wound and once I got him hard he didn't take much longer than Lou had the first time I sucked him off.

After I swallowed he said, "Thanks, I needed that sis."

I nodded and left. I stopped at Kevin's door again and said, "I need to get cleaned up. I'll be right back."

He stood up and said, "I finished my homework. Let me come help you."

We went to my bathroom and I ran the water in the shower and we got in. We soaped each other up and had some fun with it. We took our time and there was a lot of touching and rubbing and then we rinsed off and dried off.

I kissed him and then took his hand and led him to my bed. I stood beside my bed and put my arms around Kevin and said, "Kevin, you are the highpoint of my day. I try not to think about all the other things I have to do. I just concentrate on coming home and being with you. I know we aren't boyfriend and girlfriend or anything. But you are nice to me and I really appreciate that. Thanks."

I kissed him again and we stretched out side by side on my bed. He was three years younger than I am. But even so he was slightly taller. He was a big, strong thirteen year old boy and in some ways he was more mature than his older brothers. He was certainly a lot nicer.

For the longest time we just held each other and enjoyed being close. He started kissing me lightly on my face and my lips and it was becoming more than pleasant. Soon I was kissing him back and our hands were caressing each other and I think for the first time I had an idea of what it was like to make love.

After a very long, very pleasant time Kevin rolled me onto my back and began to kiss and lick his way down my body. I guess practice is important because he was even better than he had been yesterday, and he was very good yesterday.

He eventually licked and sucked my pussy until I had several earthshaking orgasms. I couldn't take another and I pushed his head away and pulled him up beside me again. I put my arms around his neck and kissed him passionately. As we kissed his hand moved over my breasts and I wanted to fuck him so badly.

I knew I couldn't though. So I paid him back in kind. I pushed him over onto his back and I kissed my way down his hard, smooth, young body. I licked and sucked on his little nipples and licked my way down to his navel. His cock was hard and wet and I wrapped my hand around it and I looked up at him and said, "I really wish I could fuck you Kevin. I mean that. I want you. But I can't."

He smiled down at me and said, "I understand. It's okay. What you are doing feels fantastic. Please, don't stop."

I smiled and said, "Are you sure? Are you sure you don't want me to stop? I could stop if I'm bothering you!"

He growled at me playfully and I bent down and took him into my mouth eagerly. I had only been sucking cocks for four days now. But there had been a lot of them and I was getting pretty blasé about it. Not with Kevin though. With Kevin I wanted to do it. I wanted to please him.

I sucked him lovingly and enthusiastically and I did everything I could think of to please him. I stopped what I was doing to lick and suck on his balls and I ran my fingers over his thighs and his stomach and I used my tongue and my lips as erotically as I could and when he finally came in my mouth I savored it.

When he came I held it in my mouth and swallowed slowly. Then I slid my body up over his, caressing him with my tits until we were face to face and I rubbed my sopping wet pussy on his softening cock.

I leaned down and kissed him and then I lifted my head and looked into his eyes and said, "I mean it Kevin. If I could do it with anyone in the world it would be with you."

He put his arms around me and just held me for a long time. It was so nice I didn't want it to end. We kissed a little and sometimes we whispered a little something to each other. Mostly though we just lay together and held each other and I felt so ... I don't know, safe, loved, I'm not sure what. But I liked it.

I don't know how long we were lying like that but eventually I heard a noise and looked up to see my mother in the door. I think she had been there for a few minutes though. She smiled and asked, "Do you kids need anything?"

I looked at the clock and I was startled at how late it was. I hadn't even heard my mom come home! I said, "I'm sorry mom, I didn't realize how late it was. I'll be right down."

She said, "No! That's okay honey. You rest. You two just relax for a while. I don't need you right now." The strange thing was that she meant it. I guess she must have seen something that told her that this wasn't like it was with the others. She really wanted us to relax for a while!

It wasn't until she turned and walked away that it made me giggle. Kevin asked, "What so funny?"

I kissed him on the end of the nose and answered, "My mother just caught me laying on top of a boy, naked and rubbing my pussy against his cock and she smiled and told me to relax and enjoy myself! That's weird!"

Kevin's face got serious and he said, "It is a weird situation. But if it weren't for this weird situation you wouldn't even talk to me."

I said, "No, and if it weren't for this weird situation I never would have realized that you were the sweetest and most mature of the three boys that lived here."

I didn't want to get up. Kevin seemed comfortable, even with my full weight on him, but I had to at least get started on my homework. I forced myself to roll off of him and I sat on the edge of the bed.

Kevin got up and I reached out and captured his soft cock in my hand and pulled him closer and kissed it. I looked up at him and said, "Kevin, you can come in my room anytime, even if your dad says to leave me alone at night. I will always want to see you. Okay?"

He leaned down and kissed me on the lips and said, "Thank you Sara. And I can't make them stop doing things to you, but if you ever want someone to just hold you, you know where to find me."

I squeezed his cock gently and said, "Get out of here before I give in and fuck your sweet ass. I have homework to do!"

I waited until he left and then I got up and went to my desk. I booted up my computer for the first time and got my books out. I had never had my own computer before but I had used one at the library and my girlfriend and I had played around with hers a lot. So I was able to figure out how to use it without too much trouble.

I got started on my homework and I was almost done by the time that Larry got home. Mom called us downstairs and she had already set the table and supper was ready. I went out to the kitchen to help her carry the food in and I hugged her and said, "Thanks mom."

She just smiled and by the time Larry came back downstairs in his casual clothes we were all seated at the table waiting.

Larry sat down and we all served ourselves and I kept waiting for Larry to ask me or one of his sons how my day had gone. Instead, we ate a quiet meal and when we had finished eating Larry said, "After you girls clean up bring a bottle of wine and four glasses out to the pool. I want to hear all about your day Sara. And you boys might enjoy hearing about Karen's day."

I looked up at mom but she never changed expression. I had to assume that since whatever it was had amused Larry then mom must have had a bad day too. They all went out to the pool and mom and I cleaned up the dining room and kitchen. Once the dishwasher was going we grabbed the wine and glasses and went outside. I kept looking at mom but she never changed expression.

Just before we went outside I asked, "Mom, tell me how big a mistake it would be if I fucked Kevin."

She turned to look at me and said, "Sara, Kevin is a great kid. I can see that he is nice to you and that you like him. It's nice that you have someone like him to hold on to and be comforted when you need that."

"If it was just a case of you having sex with Kevin I probably wouldn't even mind, given our current set of circumstances. Kevin isn't the problem though. Once your hymen is gone that opens up the flood gates. Believe me baby, you don't want those gates opened. You'll understand that better in a few minutes."

I knew she was right. I knew it when I was laying there with Kevin wanting to fuck him. I just wish we could do it without anyone finding out. I knew that wasn't possible though. I had been probed by so many male fingers in the last four days. There was just no way to hide the loss of that damned thing once it was gone.

We went out by the pool and mom served the wine to Larry, Chase and me and then she poured a glass for herself. As soon as we were seated Larry asked me to tell him everything that had happened to me today.

It was harder than I thought it would be. Larry and the three boys stared at me and enjoyed my torment as I relived it in front of my mother. Well, not Kevin so much. I saw that he got a hard on from time to time, but he was embarrassed about it. I told myself that I would have to let him know it was okay. I understood if some of the things I said turned him on. Some of the things that happened had turned me on, at least a little bit.

I told them about being exposed to Red for his viewing pleasure and then sucking him off in the school parking lot. I told them about being groped in the hallways and exposed whenever I sat down. Larry got a big kick out of the part where I had been forced to display myself to one of my teachers and then suck him off so that Chase could get an A in the course.

He also got a charge out of what happened on the way home when I had been caught sucking off Lou by his younger sister. I finished up my story with a description of what happened when I got home finally and satisfied his sons one after the other. I kind of gave an abbreviated version of my time with Kevin. I didn't want anyone to know how much we enjoyed being together and how nice he was being to me. I knew they would make it rough for us if they knew.

When I finally finished my oral diary Larry stood up and removed his shorts and underwear and sat back down. His big cock was standing up straight and hard. I guess there was no question about whether or not he enjoyed my story or approved of the way Chase had humiliated me today. I guess there was no point in mentioning that it was almost inevitable that I was going to get raped if I kept this up.

He called me over and pulled me into his lap so that I straddled his erection and was sitting with my back to him. His hands went to my breasts and my pussy and he said, "Okay Karen, it's your turn. Tell us all about your day."

I looked at my mom and she took a big sip of wine and glanced at my face and then looked away embarrassed. She told of being called into Larry's office at around ten and finding a group of eight Chinese businessmen and their interpreter.

Larry had been trying to sell them an office building in town and in order to convince them what a good deal it was he had offered to let them spend the afternoon with his assistant. They had asked to see his assistant and as soon as mom entered the room Larry had ordered her to remove her dress and go around and introduce herself to each of them.

It had been obvious to the men that she was embarrassed and being coerced and they had found that to be irresistible. She had removed her sheer blouse and short skirt and then she went around to each of the men. As they roughly groped her body she had tried to smile and she had told them her name and said hello.

The men had talked among themselves and decided that the offer was just too good to turn down. They had allowed my mother to dress and taken her back to their hotel. She had spent the next six hours entertaining them. They had all fucked her repeatedly and when they were not fucking her she was forced to suck their cocks and she had even spent some time standing on a table trying to dance like a stripper.

They had taken lots of souvenir pictures of her and with her and then they had each fucked her one last time. During the entire afternoon the young Chinese/American girl who was their interpreter had sat blushing in a corner staring at the floor so that she would be available if a translation was needed.

She was finally allowed to dress, but not clean up, at around four that afternoon and was told to tell Larry that they would be in tomorrow to close on the building in question. Then the interpreter gave her money for a taxi back to the office.

She had walked through the hotel lobby looking like a well used prostitute and gotten a cab back to the office. As soon as she had delivered their message to Larry he said, "Go home, you stink."

So he was hearing about her afternoon for the first time too. His cock throbbing between my thighs told me that he enjoyed hearing about her horrible afternoon. The boys had too. As soon as she finished talking Chase stood her up and bent her over the table and fucked her from behind.

Her face was close enough that I could have reached out and touched her. I saw that she was crying. Larry saw it too. He reached out and ran his fingers through her tears and said, "Don't cry Karen. It's just a part of your punishment for being a thief."

While Chase, and then Brad fucked my mother, Larry said, "I don't suppose you have had a chance to get rid of this pesky thing yet have you?" He began to probe my pussy until his finger reached my hymen and said, "It's a damn shame. Well, I guess you'll have to suck me off then. Down girl."

He helped me to my feet and I dropped the cushion from a nearby chair between his legs and while he watched his sons rape my mother I sucked him off. While I was sucking his cock and Brad was fucking mom Larry said, "I thought that you would like to know that we are going out tomorrow night for a little while. Chase, you'll be coming with us. Brad, Kevin, I'm afraid that you are too young."

Kevin seemed relieved but Brad was upset that he was being left out and he didn't even know what he was being left out of.

Larry said, "Sorry boys, we are going to a strip club and you are just too young. But don't worry, they are going to record the entire show and you can see the DVD in a couple of days. It's going to be quite a show."

There had been a hint of this a few days ago, but knowing that it was going to happen tomorrow was terrifying. I couldn't even imagine what a place like that must be like. No, that isn't true. I could imagine it and the picture in my mind was even more degrading than what Chase was making me do at school.

I was finally rewarded for all of my efforts between Larry's legs. My mouth filled with cum and I swallowed it and then licked his cock clean. Chase and Brad had finished with my mother and she went to clean up. It was almost nine o'clock and I asked for permission to go to bed. Larry nodded and I went upstairs and brushed my teeth and went to bed. I lay there in the dark and tried not to imagine what would happen tomorrow. I heard the boys a few minutes later when they went to bed. They must have been satisfied from fucking my mother because they didn't bother me.

After a few minutes it was quiet and I got up and looked out to make sure no one was around. I snuck down the hall to Kevin's room and he was lying in bed staring at the ceiling.

I went over to him and kissed him and he smiled at me. I lay down beside him and said, "Kevin, don't feel bad when you get turned on by the things you see and hear down there. That doesn't make you a bad person. Some of it even turns me on! You don't have to go to bed horny either."
Continues...

Pages: Prev | 1 | 2 | 3 | 4 | 5 | 6 | 7 | 8 | Next


Home « Vulgus's Page - Settings
A New Life for Sara
by Vulgus
Copyright© 2008 by Vulgus


Pages: Prev | 1 | 2 | 3 | 4 | 5 | 6 | 7 | 8 | Next

Continuation...

I pulled his covers down and reached into his pajamas. His cock was still a little hard.

He grabbed my hand and said, "You don't have to do this Sara."

I smiled and said, "I know. That's why I want to. I asked my mother if I could fuck you. She understood why I wanted to, but she told me it that it would be a mistake. She was right. You saw what your dad did tonight. I want to fuck you, but then they would make me do the same stuff they make my mom do. So I can't. I can do this though."

I moved down and took his rapidly growing cock in my mouth and sucked it lovingly. He came very quickly. He had heard about and witnessed a lot of sex tonight and he stayed pretty horny all the time anyway. I really didn't blame him for being excited.

I teased his hard cock with my lips and used my tongue with much greater effect on his smaller cock. His hand came down and rubbed my back affectionately as I sucked him and soon he was filling my mouth with cum.

After I swallowed I held his cock in my mouth until it was soft and then I slid onto the bed beside him and we held each other quietly for a few minutes. I told him again that it was okay if he got turned on and it would look suspicious if he didn't fuck my mom or get me to suck him off in the evening.

He said, "I don't want to be like them."

I really hated it that he was the one that was thirteen. I could have really fallen for him if he was a few years older. In fact, I realized that I was, even though he was so young.

I kissed him and said, "You aren't like them. You are sweet and I love you. But you can't let them know that. They will just make it hard on you. I don't know what is going to happen tomorrow night, but from now on, when the sex starts take your turn. I don't care if it is with me or my mom. Don't let them see how nice you are. They'll just make it worse for us. Okay?"

He nodded and said, "I'm sorry."

"For what?" I asked.

"For being one of them and for not being able to give you your life back," he said quietly.

"Don't be sorry," I said and kissed him on the cheek. "I'm glad you are here. You are just what I need after a day like today. It's nice to know that every guy in the world isn't like them. I'm glad you are here and I am glad you are the way that you are."

We held each other for a little while longer and then I got up and went to bed. I didn't want Larry or one of his other two sons to see me in here.

I had just gotten to bed when my mother stopped in doorway and looked in. She saw that I was awake and she came and sat on my bed. "Now do you understand why you don't want to have sex with Kevin?" she asked.

I reached out and held her hand. I sighed and said, "I know why I can't, but I can't help wanting to. He is so sweet to me. He isn't like them."

She smoothed my hair out of my face and said, "No he isn't. He is a very nice boy. But you have to protect yourself as much as you can."

"I know," I said.

Mom bent down and kissed me goodnight and started to leave but I stopped her. I asked, "Mom, have you ever been in a strip club?"

I was reasonably certain that she hadn't, but maybe she could say something to reassure me.

I saw the look on her face when I brought it up though. She was just as scared as I was. She shook her head and got up and went to bed.

I lay awake a long time dreading tomorrow night. Kevin woke me up the next morning. He was sitting on the side of my bed and smiling. He said, "I knew you would lay awake last night worrying and oversleep this morning. Come on, get up."

I looked at my clock and saw that I had forgotten to set my alarm. I smiled and thanked Kevin and got up and rushed to the shower. I put on one of my new dresses and by the time I got to the kitchen I had made up the time.

I had a bowl of cereal and a glass of juice with Kevin, and then the other two boys came down. Chase ordered me to get him a bowl of cereal but once I had served him Brad had something else in mind.

While Chase ate his cereal I got down and sucked Brad's cock. I heard Kevin going out to catch the bus and I was glad. It had begun to bother me when he had to watch this almost as much as it bothered me when I had to do this stuff in front of my mother.

Brad seemed to be in a particularly vicious mood today and he kept pulling my hair and thrusting his hips up. I don't know who he was mad at but he really seemed like he was trying to hurt me on purpose.

After he came and I swallowed his slimy cum he scooped up a little drop of cum I had missed from the end of his dick and wiped it on my upper lip. He grinned and ordered me to leave it there.

He was satisfied finally and he let me go. I had just enough time to put Chase's bowl in the sink and grab my book bag. I sat alone in the back of the car until we got to Red's house and he came out and slid in beside me.

As soon as the car was moving he put his arm around me and Brad said, "Don't kiss her man. She just sucked me off and she still has some of my cum on her lip."

Red smiled and said, "I didn't want to kiss the dumb cunt. She ain't my girlfriend." As he spoke he was unbuttoning my dress and before long it was spread wide and I was as good as naked. He pulled his cock out and pulled my head down into his lap and as Chase drove us to school I sucked on Red's cock while he squeezed my ass roughly.

Every now and then he would reach between my legs and slide a finger into my slit and then he started forcing it into my ass. By the time I finally managed to suck him off his finger was buried in my ass and he said to Chase, "The bitch sure has a tight ass. You sure I can't fuck it?"

Chase said, "Sorry dude. Dad was pretty explicit. Just be grateful for what you can get man. You were always whining because Carol won't suck your damned cock. Now you are getting sucked off regularly. You can still fuck Carol and get Sara to suck you off. What the fuck do you want?!"

Red laughed and said, "I want to fuck this hot little bitch. Hell, who wouldn't?"

He finally pulled his finger from my ass and when I sat up he stuck it into my mouth and made me suck it clean. I was disgusted by him even more than by Chase and Brad. I guess I could at least be thankful that I wasn't living with him instead of the guys I was living with.

I didn't feel very thankful though.

When we got to the school I was finally allowed to button my dress back up. Chase watched me and without even being told I left the top button unbuttoned. When I was done he told me to straighten my skirt. It was all twisted up around my waist.

I lifted my butt and smoothed my skirt under me and sat back down. He looked down at my lap and ordered me to unbutton the bottom button.

I did, and just that one little button made a big difference. I looked down and saw that my skirt opened up enough at the bottom that I could look down and see my slit, even with my legs pressed tightly together.

I saw how pleased he was and I couldn't just let it go. "Chase, please!" I begged. "When the teachers see this I'll get in trouble. Your dad said you couldn't get me in trouble with the teachers."

He smiled and said, "Leave it like that. If a teacher gets upset then you can button it. I think it looks hot."

Red reached over and put a finger inside of me and then coated my pussy lips with the moisture that covered his finger when he pulled it out. Then he made me suck his finger clean again and we all got out of the car.

I was sent off while the three of them hung around the car and watched me walk away. Just like yesterday, everyone that I passed as I walked through the crowd stopped talking and stared at me as I went by. I didn't have the nerve to look down at my dress. I could feel my skirt separating with each step that I took and I was pretty sure that as it came open my pussy was exposed. But I didn't want to know for sure.

I was only half way to the building when a boy started walking beside me. He introduced himself and asked my name and put his arm around my waist. I didn't know what to do. I walked a few steps before I reached down and tried to pull his hand away. I didn't want to struggle or make a scene, but I didn't want boys thinking that they could just walk up and do what they wanted to me.

I knew that he didn't know that I was being forced to dress like a slut. So maybe he could be forgiven for thinking that I was easy. I just wasn't sure what to do. I finally came to a stop and turned to face him. I asked him to take is hand off of me and he smiled and said, "Come on bitch, you can't dress like that and parade around here and expect to be left alone. You got it all hanging out. What are you, just a fucking tease?"

I heard Chase behind the guy saying, "No Pete, She is not just a fucking tease. Now let her go."

Pete didn't let go and he didn't turn around. He just said, "Mind your own business Flack."

Chase said, "It is my business Pete. She's my stepsister. Now let her go."

There was a long pause and I was wondering if there was going to be a fight. Pete finally dropped his hand from my hip but he raked my body with his eyes and whispered, "Later cunt. I'm not done with you. You dress like a slut, you must be a slut."

I shuddered as he walked away and as soon as he was gone the tears started. It made me furious that I was being put into positions like this, and it made me furious that I was crying. I finally reached into my purse and got a tissue and wiped my eyes and turned and pushed through the kids that had gathered to watch. I felt several hands on my ass as I made my way through the crowd and then I broke through and made my way to the door.

In some ways today was worse than yesterday. I was more exposed and the boys were taking every opportunity to go by my desk and get a good look. There was no way for me to sit without exposing myself so I just stopped worrying about it. The only good thing was that I didn't have to suck off any of my teachers today.

I spent my lunch hour with Chase and his friends. A couple of them got a little braver today and Chase ignored them as one of them stood with his arm around my shoulder and his hand inside the top of my dress while the other ran his hand up under the back of my dress and held onto the cheek of my ass.

The others were all watching and apparently couldn't believe what the guys were doing, and that I would permit it. I wanted to object of course. But I figured that if what they were doing wasn't permitted then Chase would stop them.

The three of us stood like that for a while when one of the others said, "Hey man, how about giving someone else a chance?"

The boy holding my tit said, "Sure, come on over and help keep her tits warm." He moved away and the boy that spoke up took his place. I knew that there were other kids around keeping their eyes on us, on me. They must have seen what was happening. I couldn't look though. It was just too humiliating.

Another of Chase's friends came over and reached under the back of my dress and held my other cheek and then another boy came over and took the place of the one that had been first to grab my ass. By the time the bell rang to signify the end of early lunch all of the boys had taken turns groping me in the schoolyard. I was just grateful that there was not enough privacy for Chase to make me suck them off. Because I was pretty sure that he would have happily made me to it.

By the end of the day I was getting better at concentrating on the teachers. I began to realize that the only way I had of escaping from my new reality was to ignore what was happening to me and concentrate on the lectures. It bothered me that all of the teachers treated me with disdain, even the one that I had sucked off. I understood what they were thinking though. I knew what I looked like.

When I got out to the car after school the same four guys were waiting for me. I was soon naked in the back seat between Red and Lou and as they groped me Lou said, "I promised my dumb sister that she could watch again. Is that okay Chase?"

Chase chuckled and said, "Hell, I don't care. Maybe she'll learn something. As long as she doesn't go blabbing all over town what's going on I don't give a shit."

Lou waited until we arrived at his house and Chase had pulled up to the curb. His sister was standing there waiting. He ran his window down and looked around to make sure that no one but his sister was around and then he asked her, "You still want to watch?"

Tawny leaned against the door and smiled and nodded and Lou unbuttoned his jeans and pushed them and his underwear down. Tawny chuckled nervously and said, "Nice dick bro!"

After that she didn't say much as Lou pulled my head down and I slid off the seat and sucked him off. Sara had a much better view today and when I started taking his cock down my throat I heard her say, "Son of a bitch! Doesn't that hurt her?"

Chase said, "She said it made her a little sore the first time. But she can do it for anyone now, even my dad."

She asked Chase, "Is it a lot better that way?"

All four boys said, almost in unison, "Fuck yes!"

Tawny was quiet as she watched me finish sucking her brother off and then she asked Chase, "Can you make her teach me how to do that?"

I straightened up and swallowed Lou's cum and I saw all four boys looking at each other and grinning. Chase smiled an evil smile and said, "Yeah, I can make her do that. But you'll have to practice on us."

I looked out the window and I couldn't believe it, she was actually thinking it over! I was shocked when she said, "Yeah, okay, but not Lou. I can't do that with him. That would be sick."

Chase looked at Lou and he just grinned and shrugged. Then he said, "Fuck, I don't give a shit. I'm getting mine."

Lou pulled is pants up and got out and as we drove off I was back on my knees and sucking Red off. I heard Brad in the front seat saying, "She's kind of young, but she's pretty hot for a kid. This should be fun."

Chase just chuckled, that evil little laugh of his.

We pulled to the curb in front of Red's house and a few minutes later he came in my mouth. After he got out I sat there naked and Chase drove us home. I had managed to avoid thinking about what was going to happen this evening while I was in school today, most of the time anyway. Now, as we were pulling into the driveway I began to worry about what was going to happen to me tonight. I was going to a strip club. I had no doubt that I would be taking off my clothes in front of a room full of dirty old men. Beyond that my mind couldn't go.

I grabbed my books and got out and we went upstairs. I put my books and my dress in my room and waived at Kevin as I passed by to go to Chase's room.

I guess Chase was feeling lazy today. He settled for a simple blowjob. This was his first one today. He hadn't made me suck him off this morning. It only took me about ten minutes or so to get him off.

I noticed that I was beginning to develop more stamina. I had sucked off three boys since school got out and my jaw wasn't sore yet. I had mixed emotions about that. I didn't want to be the kind of girl that could suck cocks all day long. This was a terrible thing to do, especially for a girl my age. It shouldn't be easy.

I went down to Brad's room next and he was sitting at his desk in the nude just getting his books out to start his homework. I entered his room and he looked like he was almost tempted to tell me to forget it. He looked back and forth between me and his books several times and I could almost read his mind when he decided to go ahead and get his afternoon blowjob.

Brad just turned towards me and spread his legs and waited. He seemed to be in as big a hurry to get it over with as I was. I went to my knees between his legs and sucked his cock as was expected of me. He must have been really distracted by something. It took a long time for him to get hard and I had to suck a long time to get him to cum. I finally got him off and stood up and he was turning to his homework before I turned to leave.

Both Chase and Brad had acted as though they would almost rather just get on with their homework this afternoon. Maybe there would soon be days that I didn't have to perform this degrading ritual every day after school. I could hope.

I went to my room and brushed my teeth and washed my face and then went to see Kevin. He had already finished his homework and he was lying on his bed waiting for me. I saw his face light up when I entered his room and I felt the same way.

I hurried to his bed and stretched out beside him and he held me in his arms. It struck me that he was the only boy that treated me like a person. He was the only one that cared how I felt.

As we lay together our hands began to wander and soon we were both aroused. I started to move down to take him in my mouth but he stopped me. He turned onto his back and invited me into a sixty-nine position. I gladly straddled his face and lowered myself down to take his cock into my mouth.

I felt his lips and his tongue exploring me and it felt so wonderful. He was the only one that made an effort to please me and it made me want to please him so much. I couldn't wait until he was older and his cock was larger and I could do so much more to please him.

We gave each other several orgasms. Well, he gave me several. I sucked him until he came twice. Then I turned around and we held each other. I couldn't spend as much time with him this afternoon. I had to get my homework done before we went out tonight. As soon as that thought crossed my mind it erased the good feeling that Kevin had given me.

He sensed the tension return and he asked, "You're worried about tonight, aren't you?"

I smiled wryly and said, "No, I'm not worried. I'm scared to death."

He held me close and said, "When you get home tonight, come in and see me. No matter how late it is. Okay?"

I hugged him and gave him a big kiss and thanked him for being so nice. Then I got up and went to my room. I had just started working on my homework when my mother got home. She came in to see how I was doing before she went to her room to undress. I told her that I was scared, but I had to get my homework done before Larry got home. I didn't know what time we were going out or what time we would be home. She came over to where I was sitting at my desk and gave me a kiss on the forehead and told me again how sorry she was. She looked so sad that I felt like I should be comforting her. I just didn't have the time right now.

I just managed to finish my homework by the time supper was ready. Since we were going out this evening Larry wanted to hear about my day while we ate dinner. I told him what he wanted to hear. I went into a lot of detail when I got to the part about Lou's young sister. I emphasized her age in the hope that he would say something to the boys about her being too young.

I saw that he knew what point I was trying to make. But he just smiled. When I had finished he said, "She is too young. But since she isn't a virgin and since she has asked for the lesson, what the hell. I don't give a shit."

I guess I should have expected that from him. After we ate Larry said that we would be leaving at eight. I was to be showered and ready and he would come to my room and pick out what I was to wear before we left. Then he made me stand and he checked me for my hymen. I found the entire, coldblooded process demeaning. I stood by his chair and spread my legs and he checked to see if my pussy was damp.

It always was. In the five days that he had been doing this I had either been receiving a lot of physical stimulation before he checked me or, like tonight, I had just spent half an hour or so telling him about my day of sexual humiliation and abuse.

He slid his finger inside me until he felt my hymen. Then he pulled it back and began to stimulate my clit with his thumb. He did it just long enough to get my body to respond. Then he stopped.

He and the boys got up then. Larry and Chase and Kevin went out by the pool. Brad went back upstairs. He apparently had a paper due that he had put off until the last minute. I guess that was why he had acted the way that he had when I went to his room for his afternoon blowjob.

Mom and I cleaned up the kitchen and I went to my room and took a shower. When I was ready to go out I checked my email. I hadn't done that since I moved in here. Since I had not had my own computer before I only checked it occasionally before. When I could get to the library and when I thought about it. I hardly ever got a real email since I saw my friends every day at my old school and most of what I did get was spam.

This time though, I was surprised to find that I had email from a couple of my friends from my old school. I felt guilty. I had been so wrapped up in what was happening to me since we moved that I had hardly thought about my old life or my old friends.

I answered their emails, but I had to be evasive and it made me uncomfortable. I couldn't tell anyone what my life was like now. Two of my friends wanted me to call them so we could arrange to get together on a weekend. I would have to ask Larry before I could commit to that.

Kevin came into my room just then. He walked over and stood behind me and put his arms around me and kissed my shoulder. He said, "I just wanted to see how you were doing."

I closed up my email program and shut off my computer and leaned back into him and said, "So far so good."

Kevin said, "I'm going to my room now. Remember what I said. I want to see you when you get home tonight, no matter how late it is. Okay?"

I nodded and he kissed me and went to his room.

It wasn't much longer before Larry came in. I had expected him to select whichever he thought was the sluttiest of the outfits that he had bought for me. So I was surprised when not only did he select the most demure of my slutty outfits but he even selected one of my old bra and panty sets that he had let me keep when he moved us in with him.

He watched me dress and even as nervous as I was I was amused when I noticed that it felt funny wearing underwear after going a week without any. The bra felt especially constricting. The first few days without it had been hard, but now, putting it back on felt even worse. I put on a pair of thigh high hose and then the longest of my short skirts and the least sheer of my blouses. He told me to put on some shoes and he went to pick out what my mother would be wearing.

I sat down and put my shoes on and then I just remained there until Larry came back with my mother and we left. I sat in the back with Chase, but he had been ordered to leave me alone so I stared out the window and worried about what would happen to me tonight.

We finally arrived at the strip joint. It wasn't even one of the classy places you see sometimes, the gentlemen's club type. It looked like a real dive. We got out of the car and we could hear the loud music coming from inside. As we followed Larry inside we passed by dozens of pictures of scantily clad or naked young women. Larry opened the door and the loud music hit us full on. I didn't know how they could stand it!

We stopped just inside the door and it was pretty much like I had imagined it would be. The place was full of rowdy men. Most of them were watching a woman dancing nude on a small stage. Quite a few had seen us enter and had turned to look us over when we walked in. Now they were staring at us in amusement. We must have looked like a typical family of four who were out to see a Disney movie and got lost. Larry spotted his friends from Sweet Nothings at a table near the stage and we walked through the crowd and joined them.

When we got to the table Chase and mom and I sat down with Kara, Jo and Glenn. Larry and Paul went into an office in the back of the large main room. I couldn't help staring at the woman dancing naked on stage. Men kept coming up to the stage and running their hands up the woman's legs and stuffing money into her pussy. Each time it happened she smiled at the man and the others in the audience cheered him on.

The man would walk back to his seat and the dancer would pull the money from her pussy and straighten it out and sniff it with a theatrical smile and then toss it on the floor. It was really disgusting. I wanted to stop looking but I couldn't help staring at her and wondering what was going through her head while she danced naked in front of a hundred men.

She wasn't bad looking, but nothing special. Despite the fact that she danced for a living she had a little bit of flab and there was cellulite on her thighs and her butt. She looked like she was only in her early twenties, but she looked kind of rough. You wouldn't want to pick a fight with her.

The music finally stopped and she got a round of applause. They started playing some quieter music and the woman went around the stage and with her ass to the audience she bent over and picked up the bills that she had dropped there. When the money had been collected she grabbed the small items of clothing she had taken off for their amusement and walked calmly backstage.

A few minutes later she came out a side door in a tiny, sheer g-string and started going around to the tables. She collected a few more tips and got felt up a lot more and then she sat at one of the tables and the guys there bought her a drink.

I finally looked away and saw that Jo and Kara had been watching my mother and me as we watched the stripper. Jo leaned close and said, "It isn't so bad. In fact, some of us really enjoy it. Paul makes Kara and I do it often and we give the money we make to the strippers. We are both exhibitionist though." She looked at me and added, "And neither of us is sixteen."

There was a pause and she asked, "Do you know what they have planned for you?"

Mom and I both shook our heads.

Kara said, "I heard some of it when they were talking it over with the two cops who keep their eye on the place. All four of us are going to come out on stage and Jo and I are going to lead you out on leashes. We are going to undress you and make you put on a mother and daughter show. I understand that Larry has made you do that at home?"

We nodded. I could see that mom was having as much trouble with this as I was.

Kara said, "That was all I heard. I don't know what else they have in mind."

I suddenly shivered, probably from a mix of fear and revulsion. Jo leaned over and said, "It isn't so bad honey. If you put yourself in the right frame of mind it's kind of fun."

I just looked at her like she was crazy. She turned to Kara and they both shrugged and went back to sipping their drinks. I could have used one of those drinks right now. A little alcohol might help with the terror I was feeling.

Larry came back to the table and collected the four females. Glenn and Chase were left at the table as we followed Larry back to the small office in the back.

As we made our way through the crowd we attracted a lot of attention. Mom and I got a lot of curious stares but Jo and especially Kara seemed to know a lot of the men and they had to stop several times and say hello and get groped and they even kissed a few of the men. They seemed to really enjoy the attention though.

We entered the small dingy office in the back and met the manager, Dave. He was a heavyset older man with a mean look on his face. He looked at us, my mother and I, appraisingly and said to Larry and Paul, "You know we should be doing this in the private theater in the back. We are taking a chance putting that girl up on stage."

Larry said, "The guys will love it, and you got the okay from your two pet cops. I'm sure that there won't be any problems."

The manager looked us up and down for a moment longer and said, "Okay, tell them what they are going to do."

Larry laid out the whole plan for us this evening. It started out the way that Kara had told us. We would be led out on stage and Kara and Jo would take our clothes off. When we were naked we would be made to have sex right there on stage and then they were going to make us have sex with someone from the audience. I glanced at Larry and he said, "Don't worry Sara. You aren't going to get fucked."

He didn't make that same assurance to my mom.

He said that after the show we would be taken back stage and then led out among the tables and the men would be permitted to meet us, touch us and tip us if they wished. The money was of no consequence since it would be split up between the other girls that worked there.

Paul told Kara to take us back stage and we left the men in the office and followed Kara and Jo back through the crowded room.

When we got backstage there was no one in the dressing room. Kara looked around and found two large black leather collars with chain leashes attached. They put the collars on my mother and me and then they took off all of their clothes.

We stood by the stage door until they heard the music stop and we were led out on stage. As soon as the men saw Kara and Jo they started cheering loudly and whistling and clapping. There were all sorts of obscene comments being yelled up at us.

Kara stepped forward and got the men to settle down and when they had gotten quiet enough she said, "Gentlemen, we have a new show for you tonight."

There was another loud round of cheering and catcalls and when they settled down Kara said, "Tonight we have a couple of new girls to amuse you. They are a mother and daughter, Karen and Sara. The daughter is a sixteen year old virgin."

There was a moment of something like stunned silence and then the crowd went wild. When they quieted down again Kara continued, "Neither woman has ever undressed in public before, and neither one has ever been in a strip club before. I should add that, like Jo and I, they are slaves, and like Jo and I when we first came here, they are not doing this of their own free will. They are scared and embarrassed and they may or may not get turned on, but they are going to hate everything that happens to them tonight. I know a lot of you get a kick out of that."

I didn't bother to correct her introduction. Mom and I had both been forced to undress in public at Jo's store when we tried on clothes. I guess that doesn't count.

There was another round of loud cheers and Kara finished up saying, "After the show we will bring them around to your tables and introduce them so save your tips until after the show."

There was another loud round of cheering and then some quiet jazz started playing. My mom and I were turned to face each other and Kara stood behind me and Jo behind my mother. They began to run their hands over us, caressing our breasts and lightly touching our bodies. It was all very sensual.

I saw my mother close her eyes but Kara said, "Keep your eyes open Karen. This is a very visual show. You don't want to miss any of it."

I am pretty sure that she was wrong. I imagine that the idea of watching her daughter being undressed and molested by some woman for the amusement of a large group of men was not something that she wanted to see. She knew better than to disobey though.

All too soon the fingers that were caressing us began to unbutton our blouses. They took their time, purposefully drawing it out. I watched the fingers unbuttoning my mother's blouse and then pulling it free from her skirt. At the same time the same thing was happening to me. It was a little like seeing myself undressed in public. I didn't want to watch, but there was nowhere else to look.

My blouse was pulled off and dropped on the floor out of the way. Kara caressed me again for a moment and I watched Jo doing the same thing to my mother. Then our skirts were removed and dropped on top of our blouses.

There were men gathering closer to get a better view. I could see them out of the corner of my eye but I tried to ignore them and the cheers as our flesh was being uncovered for their amusement.

Kara and Jo drew it out, caressing us for a long time before they removed our bras and dropped them. Their hands began to move over our naked breasts and tease our nipples and even as scared as I was I had to admit that it felt pretty good. She was very good at this. I could see that my mom was reacting to Jo's touch too.

They caressed us and played with our tits and I felt Kara's breasts against my back and her belly as she rubbed herself against my butt. The crowd was getting impatient though and finally our panties were slowly and sensually removed, leaving us naked and exposed.

As scared as I was, as horrible as I thought this whole show was, I had to admit that there was something exciting about being undressed in front of a large group of cheering, whistling, catcalling men. If anyone had told me that I would feel that way I would have been certain that they were insane. Hell, I still hated having to go around naked at home where the boys could see me. It certainly didn't turn me on. But for some reason I was feeling very excited right now. I was still scared, but I was excited.

Once we were naked we were turned so that we faced the audience, some of them standing less than two feet away from where we now stood naked. Kara and Jo continued to explore our bodies for the entertainment of the men for several minutes and then they turned us back to face each other and gently but firmly pushed us together.

Kara ordered us to begin kissing and touching like lovers and then she and Jo stepped back and my mother and I performed for them the way we had been made to perform for Larry and his boys. We kissed and touched and our breasts touched and we rubbed our pussies together and the crowd went nuts. I had been getting turned on while being undressed and touched by Kara. That all went away now. I wanted nothing more than to run screaming from this stage. I was struggling to keep from crying as my mother and I humiliated ourselves in front of all these men.

I saw Jo step back and spread a blanket out on the floor. It was just far enough away from the front of the stage that the men would not be able to touch us.

My mother was pulled away from me and positioned on her back on the blanket. Jo took hold of my leash again and I was made to kneel with my face over my mother's but facing the other way. Jo ordered us to kiss some more and after a moment or two I was ordered to kiss my way down my mother's body.

As I did my mother was under me kissing and licking my body. I was held in place when I reached my mother's breasts and I kissed and licked and sucked them for a few minutes before I was allowed to continue until I was finally in the ideal position for a sixty-nine with my mother.

I was shocked when I looked down and saw how wet my mother was. I knew she hated this, the show that we were putting on and the fact that her young daughter was a part of it. I knew that it was a purely physiological reaction. I hadn't expected it though.

I began to lick her pussy and mom began to do the same to me and as her tongue moved through my slit for the first time that night I realized that I was probably just as wet as she was. The sensations were immediate. I had been sure that I would not feel this way, not up here on this stage in front of all of these horny old men. So I was horrified when I started having orgasms. Not an orgasm, I was having orgasm after orgasm and my mother's hands on the cheeks of my butt were the only thing keeping me from thrashing around like a crazy woman.

I probably would have been more embarrassed if mom was not matching me orgasm for orgasm. When I realized it, it made things even worse. Soon we were rolling around on the blanket and licking and screaming and even biting and the crowd was going as wild as we were.

I don't know how many orgasms I had or how long the show lasted. I didn't pass out, but after a while everything was cloaked in a sort of red haze and I didn't know what was going on around me.

Jo and Kara finally separated us and pulled us to our feet. The cheers from the audience were so loud the floor shook. It went on and on for a long time and I thought that the show was over. I was wrong though, there was more.

From off to the side I saw one of the strippers leading Chase up on stage. He was looking just as cocky as always, the crowd didn't seem to bother him in the least. He was brought over to the center of the stage and introduced as our sixteen year old stepson and stepbrother and then the stripper began to undress him.

When Chase was naked he came over and stood in front of us and mom and I were pulled to our knees by our leashes. We were then made to take turns sucking on Chase's cock until it was hard. Once he was hard we both were given an opportunity to demonstrate our deepthroat skills for the audience.

Chase stopped us though, before he could cum. He stepped back and moved around behind mom and finished by fucking her in front of the audience. He didn't last very long. Once he had cum I was made to suck his cock clean and as he stood back and dressed I was forced to eat my mother's pussy clean.

There was still one last perverse act though. Jo and Kara stretched out on the blanket and my mother and I ate them both to orgasms with our bodies close enough to the front of the stage that men began to run their hands over us while we satisfied the women.

Several times I felt fingers dipping roughly into my pussy and I was afraid that I was about to be deflowered on some oaf's finger. I heard men being warned though and after Kara came and I straightened up I saw Larry standing near the edge of the stage warning the men not to tear my hymen. They were welcome to explore, but not damage the merchandise.

After Kara and Jo were satisfied they stood up and with all four of us wearing nothing but thigh highs we were led around to every table by the leashes they held. At each table men would look at us, touch us, some pulled us into their laps and kissed us or sucked on our tits. We were groped and molested roughly for more than an hour.

At each table, after the men there molested us they stuck money into the tops of our stockings and as we were led to the next table Kara and Jo took the money. I noticed that there were some pretty large bills in the tip money and it was turning into a couple of pretty large handfuls.

When we had been to every table we were led down a long hallway behind the stage. We stopped outside of a door and Kara said, "The two cops that keep this place safe and keep it from being raided are inside this room. They have to be satisfied as a part of their pay. They know not to bust your cherry honey, but one of them is a real ass man and you will probably get fucked in your ass. The night is almost over, so just hang in there."

Jo opened the door and they pushed us inside and the two cops stood there leering at us. I heard the door shut behind us and the cops were all over us. They were large men who had really let themselves go. They had big beer bellies, double chins and fat sweaty hands that were all over us. They passed us back and forth between them, each taking a turn with my mother and me. They kissed us and groped us and were rougher than anyone out front had been.

The one that finally ended up with me held me tight against his body and said, "It really sucks that you are a virgin kid. This is the first time in a long time that I felt like fucking a girl's pussy more than her asshole. But I'm sure your ass is going to feel just fine."

Both men undressed and we were soon on our knees sucking their cocks. They didn't cum in our mouths though. Mom was bent over a daybed in front of a big mirror and her cop fucked her from behind. I was bent over a table and I felt the cop stick a greased up finger inside of my butt. I jumped at his touch but I didn't object. He didn't stretch me out the way Larry had though. He just greased me up and put more grease on his cock and then he forced it roughly inside of me.

I cried out in pain as he forced his cock deeper and deeper inside me. He didn't give me a moment to adjust either. He just kept driving it deeper. I begged him to take it easy a couple of times but I was panting so hard from the pain and the pressure that I couldn't talk much.

I was crying and panting as he raped my ass. I was sure that he was tearing me. I doubt if he lasted very long. It just seemed like a very long time. When he had finished pounding into me he collapsed on top of me for a moment and I could feel his fat, sweaty flesh rubbing on my back. It really felt gross.

He was panting in my ear and telling me what a good fuck I was and his hands were reaching around and grabbing my tits. I felt like throwing up.

Finally he straightened up and pulled me around and pushed me to my knees. He made me clean his cock and I could see my mother performing the same service for the cop that had just raped her.

We stood by the door while the cops dressed and when they left the manager came in and said, "Just one more cock ladies, and then you can get dressed and go home."

He took my hand and pulled me across the room and sat on the daybed. I knew what he wanted. I dropped down and helped him unfasten his pants. I pulled out his large, ugly, very hard cock and sucked it the way I was supposed to while my mother sat down beside him and he groped her and kissed her roughly.

He lasted a long time. I guess he was pretty jaded from managing a strip joint. My jaw had finally had enough by the time he filled my mouth with his very bitter cum. As soon as he came he stood up and put his pants back in place and led us out of the room. He pulled us back to the dressing room and took our collars off. Then he sent us out on stage and told us to dress slowly and then we could return to our table.

We stepped out on stage and moved to where our clothing was piled on the floor. There were some cheers from the men as we stepped out on stage but they soon quieted down when they saw that we were just getting dressed.

It felt really strange, even after all that we had just been through, to stand there in front of all of these men and dress. It probably sounds silly, but it seemed like a terrible invasion of my privacy. Once we were dressed we walked off the stage using the small stairs on the side of the stage and went to the table where everyone was waiting. We sat down and mom and I held hands and waited for Larry to take us home.

Larry and Paul both told us that we had put on an excellent show and that we had made almost fifteen hundred dollars for the dancers. I didn't really give a shit about the dancers. I just wanted to get the hell out of here.

Larry finally finished his drink and said goodbye to his friends. He stood up and we followed him out of the club. My mother and I were groped freely as we passed among the tightly packed tables. We just ignored the men and kept walking.

When we got to the car Larry tossed the keys to Chase and said, "You drive boy. I have a hard on that just won't go away."

Larry pulled me into the back seat with him and Chase drove home as I sucked Larry off in the back seat. He came twice before we got home.

When we got in the house I got a glass of juice to take the taste of cum and pussy out of my mouth. I gulped it down and then rushed to my room to take a hot shower and brush my teeth.

It wasn't quite midnight and I was sure that Kevin would be asleep but I went to his door and looked in. I thought he was asleep and I started to go back to my room when he whispered, "Sara? Come in."

When he spoke I realized that I was so happy that he was awake that I felt like crying. I rushed inside and crawled on top of his bed and hugged him so tight. He held me close and then I did cry. Not loud, just quietly, but he knew it.

We lay like that for a long time and it felt so good. He didn't say any of those dumb things that people say like, "It'll be okay" or anything stupid like that. He just held me and whispered, "I'm so sorry Sara."

I knew that he meant it. I could hear it in his voice. He really did feel bad about what the rest of his family was doing. Just knowing that seemed to help.

After I had calmed down he asked, "Would it help to talk about it?"

I didn't even have to think about that. "No Kevin, I don't even want to think about it. I'm sure you'll hear all about it tomorrow."

He said, "I don't want to hear about it." I thought that he must be curious. I would have been curious. I realized that he didn't want to embarrass me any more than I already was. He is just such a sweet kid.

We stayed like that, just holding each other for a long time. It was after one in the morning when I finally sat up. I ran my fingers lightly over his cute face and said, "Thank you Kevin. Thank you for being so sweet. Would you like a blowjob before I go to bed?"

He shook his head and said goodnight.

I started to get up but then I asked, "What if I want to give you one? Would you mind?"

I saw that he was trying to decide what the right thing to say was. I smiled and said, "It's okay Kevin. I like doing it with you. It's okay to want me."

He smiled and said, "I can't help it Sara. You are just so damned sexy."

I kissed him and then I pulled his covers off and pulled his pajama bottoms down. I made love to his cock and when he came it was like it took away all the others tonight. I swallowed and then I kissed his cock softly for a few minutes.

He was almost asleep when I covered him up and went to bed.

I didn't even brush my teeth. I enjoyed the taste of Kevin's cum in my mouth as I lay in bed in the dark and struggled to forget about this entire horrible evening. I guess I finally got to sleep, because the next thing I knew Kevin was shaking me and telling me it was time to get up. I had forgotten to set my alarm again.

I got up and took a quick shower just to wake up. Then I brushed my teeth and went downstairs. By the time I got there Chase and Brad had finished breakfast. I didn't feel like eating but I figured that if I had a bowl of cereal they wouldn't have time to make me suck them off before we had to leave.

While I ate, Chase told Brad about my debut as a stripper and sexual performer. It was obvious that he had loved the show. Brad listened eagerly. Kevin looked embarrassed and he seemed glad when he had to leave to catch his buss. I winked at him as he left to catch the school bus. We were careful not to show affection in front of his father or brothers. We knew instinctively that they would make it something dirty and make things harder on both of us.

He smiled and went out to catch his bus. I put my cereal bowl in the sink and we got ready to leave for school. It turned out that I hadn't done anything but delay the inevitable. Brad got in back with me and I was pushed to the floor before the car was started. I sucked him off until just after we left Red's house and then I moved over and started sucking off Red while Chase told him about my evening as a stripper. Red came as we were parking and I sat up and waited for the car to come to a stop so that I could get away from them.

As soon as they let me I began walking through the throng of kids towards the school. As soon as the crowd swallowed me up Pete came up out of nowhere. He didn't touch me this time. He just walked beside me and told me how nice my ass was and how much he wanted to fuck me.

I ignored him and kept walking and he kept talking. The things he said were getting nastier and he sounded like he was mad at me, like he hated me for making him horny. I was glad there were so many kids around and he couldn't do anything. I knew that I had better make sure I was never alone with this asshole.
Continues...

Pages: Prev | 1 | 2 | 3 | 4 | 5 | 6 | 7 | 8 | Next

Home « Vulgus's Page - Settings
A New Life for Sara
by Vulgus
Copyright© 2008 by Vulgus


Pages: Prev | 1 | 2 | 3 | 4 | 5 | 6 | 7 | 8 | Next

Continuation...

The bell rang and the day started. It actually wasn't quite as bad as it had been. Chase had been so caught up in telling Red about last night that he had forgotten to order me to unbutton any buttons on my dress. I was still pretty much exposed, especially when I sat down. But it could have been worse. It usually was.

I started getting homework assignments back from my teachers and I could see that they were amazed. I guess that they had not expected me to be much of a student because of the way I was dressed. They probably assumed that any girl that dressed the way that I did didn't have a brain in her head. I had also taken a couple of pop quizzes and aced them. Maybe I would be allowed to take part in the classes before long if I kept that up. So far all of the teachers seemed to shun me. They didn't look at me or talk to me during class. I hadn't raised my hand for anything, but I had the feeling that if I did they wouldn't see it.

I was feeling pretty good about myself as I headed out to the schoolyard at lunch time to be humiliated by Chase and his friends. Unfortunately I didn't pay any attention to what was going on around me. Just as I was passing an empty classroom I was grabbed from behind and pulled inside. I struggled but whoever had grabbed me was big and strong and he had one hand over my mouth. It had happened in the blink of an eye and now I was helpless. I'm not sure that anyone even noticed.

As soon as we were inside the empty classroom someone shut the door and I heard it being locked. The sound of that door locking was incredibly loud.

I was set down on my feet again and quickly turned around to face my captor. It was Pete and he had a furious look on his face. I don't know why he was so mad. He put his face right down in mine and said, "Go ahead, I dare you to call for help."

I didn't need to be dared. I had every intention of screaming my head off. I took a deep breath but before I could make a sound he slapped my face so hard I was seeing stars. I fell to the floor and he pulled me back up by my hair. He ordered one of the half dozen other boys in the room to hold me and keep me quiet.

Someone stepped up behind me and held me with one hand over my mouth and the other around my waist. As soon as I was under control Pete began taking his pants off. I was screaming into the hand over my mouth and trying to shake free but I was totally helpless.

Once Pete had taken his pants and his underwear off he stepped closer and told the guy holding me to let me go. I opened my mouth to scream again and as soon as I did Pete shoved his sweaty underwear into my mouth. He wedged more and more of it in until I could hardly breathe. Then he had two of his friends hold my arms while he unbuttoned my dress.

Once they had my dress off they bent me backwards over a desk and Pete leaned down and licked my pussy a couple of times. When he was satisfied that I was wet enough to fuck he stood up and rammed his cock into me in one violent stroke. I screamed and tensed up and the boys standing around watching eagerly cheered him on as he fucked me brutally.

I was dizzy with the pain but I was aware enough to realize that the stupid son of a bitch didn't even realize that he had just taken by virginity. He kept slamming into me so hard that each violent stroke almost drove the breath out of me. This was much worse than when that cop raped my ass last night!

When he finally pulled his cock free after raping me he looked down and said, "I'll be a son of a bitch! The fucking cunt was a god damned virgin!"

There were choruses of, "No shit!" and "No way!" and then the next boy took his turn. They apparently didn't particularly care that I was a virgin. It was just amusing I guess.

The second boy wasn't quite as violent as Pete had been. But he certainly wasn't gentle. He slammed his cock into my very sore pussy and I screamed into the nasty underwear stuffed into my mouth. He suspended himself over me with his face inches from my own and stared into my eyes as he raped me. Every once in a while he would lean down and stick his tongue out and lap up my tears like a fucking dog. Then he would giggle and tell the others how good I tasted.

I lay under him just waiting for it to be over. I would have promised them that I wouldn't scream if they would just take that nasty underwear out of my mouth. I was having trouble breathing. It didn't help that I was crying so hard. Every time he drove his cock into me I grunted loudly. The two boys that were holding my arms thought that was amusing and they began mimicking my grunts of pain. The others thought that was very amusing. While he was fucking me the two boys holding my arms noticed that I wasn't struggling any longer. They didn't let me go, but they began to hold me down with one hand and they each grabbed one of my tits with the other and pulled and squeezed them cruelly.

After my second rapist finally came and got up the third took his place immediately. This one seemed to think that I should be helping out. He started fucking me just as brutally as the first two, but after a minute or two he kept saying, "Come on bitch, move your ass. You've been strutting that cunt around school since you got here. Come on, use it! Fuck me bitch!"

When I didn't move he put one of his hands over my tit and started squeezing hard. Very hard! I screamed into the gag in my mouth and he just smiled and said, "Well, at least we know she ain't dead!"

I still wasn't fucking him back though and he seemed to be getting pissed. He still gripped my breast roughly but he started spitting in my face while he fucked me. He only did it twice though. Apparently a few of the guys that hadn't had their turn yet didn't appreciate it.

After he tensed up and then shot yet another load of cum into my pussy he smiled down at me and said, "Next time we'll take you somewhere private and take our time bitch. There's lots of shit I'd like to do to your sweet ass."

When he finally got off of me the next one stepped up and said to the boys holding my arms, "Flip the cunt over guys. I want to fuck her like the bitch she is!"

The boys holding my hands turned me over roughly and now I was bent over the desk on my stomach. I was afraid that he was going to fuck my ass but he just wanted to fuck my pussy from the rear. I hadn't seen his cock, but either I was getting numb or his cock was kind of small. I hardly felt his cock in me. I felt his belly pounding into my ass and as he fucked me he slapped my ass, hard. He was hitting me so hard that I started struggling and Pete warned him to tone it down. He was making too much noise.

Once he came and backed away the next one stepped up and I found out that the last one had indeed had a small cock and that I was not numb from all the boys that had raped me. As soon as this next rapist's very large cock started to enter me I screamed in pain again. I wasn't sure if he was abnormally large or I was just reaching the limits of my endurance. I really wished that I could pass out. I couldn't stand it anymore. But my wonderfully bad luck continued unabated. I never lost consciousness.

There were seven of them all together. They each raped me, one right after the other. They finally finished with me just before the bell rang. They released me and Pete yanked his underwear out of my mouth and I struggled back into my dress without saying a word. With tears in my eyes so thick that I couldn't see I ran out of the room intending to rush to the girl's room and get cleaned up.

I didn't get there. I ran right into Chase who was upset that I had not joined him and his friends outside. He grabbed me and as soon as he saw my face he didn't need to ask what the problem was. He saw Pete coming out of the room behind me and he charged into him.

The next thing I knew there were teachers and security guards and the principal and the coaches and it seemed like every adult male in the school was there pulling the fighting boys apart and herding everyone into the principal's office.

They separated everyone and the cops were there before they could bring me a glass of water. I gave a statement to the cops. It only mentioned Peter and his accomplices. I didn't mention that I was a sex slave. I was being treated well and getting a lot of sympathy but almost everyone had that look in their eyes that said any girl that dressed this way was asking for it.

They took me to the hospital and as soon as I got there the nurses undressed me. They kept my dress which was soaked in semen. It was going to be evidence. They also removed all of the semen from my thighs and a large amount from my vagina. A doctor examined me and noted that I had been a virgin and assured me that except for the loss of my hymen I was going to be fine. Despite the violence of the attack there had been no other tearing from the rapes.

I was given a hospital gown to wear and a female police officer came to see me and took another, much more detailed and much more humiliating statement.

I kept telling them that I wanted to go home but they insisted that I had to stay overnight. I can't imagine why, there was no reason for it. I was crying a lot, but I wasn't hurt. They put me in a bed and gave me some pills and I don't remember a whole lot after that.

I woke up once and my mother was there. I woke up once and Larry was there and I remember trying to hit him and trying to scream at him but not much came out. I remember calling him a few choice names before I lost consciousness again. I remember Kevin being there, sitting near my bed and holding my hand.

Every time I woke up that night Kevin was there holding my hand. I kept having nightmares and waking up because I was trying to scream and I couldn't. Then I would see Kevin holding my hand and I knew I was safe and I went back to sleep.

I finally woke up when the pills wore off. It wasn't light yet, but I could see the sky outside getting lighter. Kevin was asleep with his head on my bed and he was still holding my hand. I wanted to get up and go to the bathroom but I knew that he had been awake most of the night and I didn't want to wake him. I waited until I couldn't stand it any longer and I gently pulled my hand free.

He lifted his head instantly and the look on his face made me want to cry. I sat up, I had to be careful, I was still a little woozy, and I told him I was sorry for waking him up but I had to go to the bathroom.

He jumped up and helped me out of bed. I groaned in pain. I felt like I had been kicked in the stomach. Kevin helped me to the bathroom and by the time I went to the bathroom and washed my hands and face I felt a little better. I went back out into my room and I hugged Kevin so hard I was afraid I was going to hurt him.

He held me gently in his arms and leaned down and kissed my nose and tried to smile but he looked so worried that I really felt sorry for him.

I smiled up at my little thirteen year old protector and said, "It's okay Kevin. I'm alright now. I wanted to go home yesterday afternoon but they wouldn't let me. I'm fine, just a little sore."

He helped me back to bed, even though I insisted I didn't need help. He covered me up and sat back down in his chair by my bedside. We were both wide awake now so he caught me up to date.

Pete and his six buddies were in juvenile detention while they decided whether or not to try them as adults. Larry had told his three sons that they no longer had permission to have sex with anyone, least of all me or my mother. My mom had been left in charge of the house and the boys and he had left someone else in charge at work. Then he had gone off for a few days. He apparently realized the extent of his guilt in what had happened to me and felt very bad about it.

Kevin said that Mom's first job, when I was up to it, was to take me to the mall and buy me a new wardrobe.

That was all that Kevin could tell me because he had spent the night with me.

The nurse came in when she saw me sitting up and I asked her when I could go home. She told me that I had to talk to the doctor before I could leave and he would be in by the end of the hour, he was just starting his rounds. She told me that Kevin had spent the night in my room and nearly came to blows with anyone that tried to get him to leave.

I smiled and said, "Yeah, Kevin always looks out for me. He is the sweetest guy in the world."

She said, "Yes, he must be." She asked if I needed anything and I said something to wear would be nice. The nurse said that my mother was bringing me some clothes when she came to get me. She should be here soon.

My mother showed up about fifteen minutes later with a pair of jeans, a t-shirt and some underwear and some sandals. She had stopped at a store and bought me some clothes to wear home. I think it was obvious how much I appreciated that. She walked around the bed and gave Kevin a hug and thanked him for looking out for me.

He said, "I wish I could have."

He seemed to be more upset than I was. I sat up in bed and took both his hands in mine and said, "Kevin, I'm fine. I'm fine and I love you for who you are and what you have done for me."

He looked very serious and he said, "You aren't all that fine Sara. You were having terrible nightmares last night."

"That was last night," I said. "Now you are here and my mom is here and I'm awake and I'm fine."

I tried to take the clothes from my mother then and get dressed but she said I had to wait for the doctor to release me.

The doctor came in eventually and he went over my chart. The doctor and mom made Kevin wait outside and we discussed my period and decided that he wouldn't recommend the morning after pill for me because my period was due in a day or two and it shouldn't be necessary. He told me that I should have my blood tested fairly regularly over the next few months and I should see my Gynecologist. If I hadn't already gotten one I was at an age when I should. He informed me that the boys that had raped me would be tested for diseases and I would be informed of the results, but it was a good idea for me to be tested anyway.

He asked me how I felt and I told him that I was still a little sore but even though I had had some pretty bad nightmares last night I thought that I was fine. He offered to prescribe a mild sedative if I thought that I needed it, but we both agreed that it would be better if I didn't take it. He said that whether I thought I needed it or not I should see a rape counselor. I didn't think that was necessary but I didn't say anything. I just wanted to get out of here.

I thanked him and after he left I went into my bathroom to change while my mother went downstairs to jump through whatever hoops would be necessary to get me discharged. Larry had graciously offered to pay all my expenses even though the school was at least partially liable. I think that he didn't want the extent of our relationship to come out but I didn't say anything.

It felt really strange getting dressed in a bra and panties and jeans and a top that you couldn't see through. In fact, after I was dressed I took my top back off and removed my bra. It hadn't even been a week since I had stopped wearing one, but I was so much more comfortable without it.

I folded it up and put it in my back pocket and then I went out into my room. Kevin was staring out the window and I went over to him and stood behind him. I wrapped my arms around him and kissed the back of his neck and whispered, "Dear sweet Kevin, I'm not a virgin anymore."

He brought my hands up to his lips and kissed them. He turned around and held me close and said, "I'm so sorry Sara. I should have done more. There must have been something that I could have said or done."

I shut him up with a kiss and then I said, "Stop it. You have been the one bright spot in my life since this started and I won't have you feeling guilty. There was nothing that you could have done that you didn't do. I wasn't whining about losing my virginity just now. I was pointing out that now we can make love. I don't know what else is going to happen to me now, but no matter what it is, we can make love."

He held me for a long time and finally we went down to the main waiting room where we were to meet mom. We found a couple of chairs as far away from the damned television that was always on as possible and sat together. We held hands until mom came out to get us. Then she drove us went home.

Brad and Chase were in school. Kevin had refused to leave my room last night. It was just the three of us in the house. I took Kevin up and made him lay down for a while and then I had a talk about the future with mom. She kept trying to apologize and I finally had to yell at her to stop it. I knew that she wasn't responsible.

I found out that mom was feeling guilty for more than the situation that I had been put in. She also felt guilty because as strange as it seems she had begun to fall for Larry. He had been responsible for our very strange relationship and the unusual family dynamic that existed, but she had enjoyed a lot of her time with him and she was pretty sure that he felt the same way. He just had a strange way of showing it. I guess I could understand that. Even after what had happened to me I still liked Larry, at least sometimes. There were times that I hated him and times that I feared him. Right now I wasn't sure how I felt about him. I wasn't sure how I felt about Brad and Chase either.

I knew that Larry and Chase did what they did because they were horny teenage boys and they saw an opportunity and took it. For some reason, even though the person who had been my main tormentor, especially during the day, had been Chase I was always a little more leery of Brad. I always had the feeling that he was enjoying it a little too much and that if Larry weren't holding him back he might have gotten a little carried away. But I can't really point to anything and say that because of that one thing I believe that Brad is any weirder than the rest of them.

Chase, though, despite everything that he did to me over the past week I can still see him in my mind's eye when I ran out of that classroom and he realized what had happened. He had not even hesitated. He had attacked Pete, my much larger assailant, and his six sycophants without hesitation. And I do mean attacked. It took three large adults to pull Chase off of Pete and it looked like he was trying to beat him to death. The look of absolute fury on his face as he beat Pete with his fists was scary.

So I didn't know how I felt about Chase.

Mom wanted to take me shopping for clothes but I didn't feel like it right now. I told her that I would rather put it off until tomorrow if she didn't mind. I just wanted to go lay down for a while. She told me that whatever I wanted was just fine with her.

I went up and stood in the door to my large, beautiful bedroom and stared at my bed for a minute and then I went to Kevin's room. I went in and closed the door and took my clothes off and got in bed with him.

He wrapped his arms around me and we both slept for a couple of hours. I woke up first. He had had a much longer night than I had last night. When he woke up I was staring at his cute face and when he saw me he smiled. I leaned down and kissed him and then I threw the covers back and straddled him. I leaned down and began kissing him lightly and as we kissed his hands began to move gently over my body.

I whispered, "You can't be my first fuck. But this can be the first time that we make love."

He pulled me down on top of him and held me tight and said, "We don't have to do this Sara. I know you love me. I don't want you to think that I am just one more guy that wants to fuck you."

I chuckled and said accusingly, "You don't want to fuck me?!"

He knew I was teasing though. He said, "Hell no! What would I want with an old broad like you?"

I got serious and said, "Kevin, you are the only guy that didn't take advantage of me. I know you wouldn't. I have wanted to make love to you for days. I want you now. So stop playing hard to get!"

He rolled me off of him and turned and began to touch me and kiss me all over for a long time. I finally said, "If you don't quit screwing around and fuck me I'm going to scream. Do you really want my mother to catch us like this?"

Then we made love. It was a first for both of us and it was wonderful. I was still a little tender but he was slow and gentle and the look of love in his eyes could break your heart. It was even better than I had thought that it would be. It wasn't a quickie either. It went on and on. He came twice but then just kept his softening cock inside of me until it got hard again and I must have had a dozen orgasms by the time he came for a third time.

Afterwards we lay together and just held each other for a long time. We got up after a while and went into my room and took a shower. After we dried off we dressed and went downstairs. Mom met us in the kitchen and made us a sandwich for lunch.

While we were eating she just watched us. When we had finished she went around the kitchen island where we had been eating and put an arm around both of us and then she turned to me and said, "I guess I'm going to have to do something about birth control for you."

I blushed, Kevin did too, but I turned to mom and asked, "Are you mad?"

She smiled and said, "No, I just don't want you two getting hurt. It's nice that you are so close, but I would hate to see that change when you get older and start growing apart."

I looked at Kevin and said, "Mom, we know that what we are doing is unconventional. We love each other, but it isn't like lovers, like boyfriend and girlfriend." I looked at Kevin and asked, "You know that, right?"

Kevin put his hand on mine and smiled and said, "I hope I find a girl like you Sara, and I hope we will always love each other like this. But I know we can't be more than what we are now. It just wouldn't work."

Mom kissed us both and said, "My only advice, not that I am qualified to give it, is to not let Chase and Brad find out."

We already knew better than that.

We got dressed and went to the mall and I bought some new clothes. Not a whole new wardrobe, but enough for a week of school and a few casual outfits. I found myself gravitating towards sexier clothes. Not like what Larry had picked out, but much sexier than what I had worn in my old life. Mom looked skeptical about some of my choices but she didn't say anything. Kevin seemed to like my choices.

I also bought a few more pairs of panties, but no bras. Mom tried to talk me into getting some, even if I didn't wear them. I didn't want them though and I didn't see the point.

We got home just before Chase and Brad came home and I helped mom around the house until they got home. Chase had gone to all of my teachers and gotten assignments from them to keep me up with my class work.

He seemed embarrassed and after he went to his room I went in and we talked. I told him I didn't blame him for anything that had happened to me. I didn't even blame him for having sex with me when he had the opportunity. I thanked him for what he did to Pete and then I kissed him.

He seemed surprised that I didn't hate him. I thought that I knew a good way to prove I wasn't mad. I asked him if he could keep a secret. He nodded and I went over and shut his door and then knelt in front of him.

He said, "What are you doing?! Sara! You don't have to do that anymore."

I smiled and said, "I know. I'm not doing it because I have to this time. I'm doing it to thank you for nearly killing Pete and for feeling bad about what happened to me. Maybe you aren't such a shit after all."

He grinned and said, "Fuck you!"

I laughed and said, "Maybe, someday. But for now you'll have to settle for this."

I started struggling with his pants and he finally gave up and pulled his pants down for me. I sucked him off, taking my time and I think that this was the first time that I actually wanted to please him. He lay back on his bed and just enjoyed the sensations. After he came he supported himself on his elbows and looked down at me in amazement.

He shook his head and said, "Why did you do that?"

I shrugged and said, "I'm not really sure. I guess I want to be friends with you and I wanted to thank you. Maybe it was just my way of saying that what happened before today doesn't count."

He sat up and leaned down and kissed me and asked, "Does that mean we can still go skinny dipping?"

I laughed and said, "I wouldn't have it any other way!"

I went to my room and brushed my teeth and sat down at my desk to look at my assignments. I thought about what I had just done with Chase and wondered why I had not gone to see Brad. I realized that there was still something about Brad that I couldn't really identify that made me nervous.

I didn't go to school the next day, Friday either. The others did, and mom went to work. I was home alone and I spent most of my time studying out by the pool in the nude.

Paul came to the door in the early afternoon on Friday and dropped off a disk. He asked me to give it to Larry. He didn't seem to have heard about what had happened to me. We talked for a few minutes and he seemed pretty nice. I realized that I had hardly talked to him at all the two times I had met him. Maybe he wasn't such a bad guy. I knew that Jo and Kara loved him.

After he left I closed the front door and stood with my back to it. I stared at the disk for a few minutes before I went to my room and watched it. Some of it was just disgusting. But I was surprised to find that much of it turned me on. My first inclination when Paul had given it to me was to destroy it. Once I had watched it though I realized that I couldn't. I thought about how much the guys, especially Kevin would enjoy seeing it and I imagined watching it with Kevin's cock in my mouth. I knew I had to hold onto it.

We had a quiet day around the house on Saturday and we were all starting to get worried about Larry. I got caught up on my school work and spent a little quality time with Kevin. It was a struggle for us to act normal when the others were around.

Before we went to bed on Saturday I even snuck back into Chase's room wearing a set of Baby Dolls just for him. I undressed in front of him and then I sucked him off again. When I finished he offered to return the favor but I was still saving my pussy for Kevin, at least for now. I thanked him for the kind offer and put my pajamas back on.

As I was heading for the door he asked, "Are you doing this for the others?"

I went back over and stood in front of him and looked in his eyes. Finally I said, "For Kevin. I love Kevin. He comforted me when I was having a hard time and he cared for me and he worried about me. But Brad ... I don't know about Brad. I don't know if I trust him. I think sometimes that I am afraid of him. I can't even say why for sure. I just think that Brad doesn't have the same limits that other people have."

Chase looked at me and I could see that he was thinking about what I said. "I don't know, maybe you're right. You may know him better than I do. The only time we spend together is the ride back and forth to school and when we eat dinner. We don't do much together.

I never thought that there was anything strange about him, but I didn't see him from the same perspective you did. I think he may be a little wilder than me or Kevin, but I think that was because he was the in-between kid and he was trying to get dad's attention. I don't think he's a psycho or anything."

I went to my room and took off the pajamas and went to bed. I was planning on sneaking back into Kevin's room later but I fell asleep and I didn't wake up until I heard someone knocking on my door the next morning.

I got up and went to see who it was and I just opened the door without thinking about being naked. It really didn't matter anymore. Not around here.

It was Brad and he looked embarrassed to see me naked. I found that amusing and I think I invited him in and stayed naked just to make him uncomfortable. He came in and sat on my bed and tried to look in my eyes. Finally he said, "Maybe you should put a robe on or something Sara. I'm trying to do what's right here."

I smiled and said, "It's okay if you look at me Brad. You've seen it all before."

He blushed and said, "Yeah, I know. But ... listen; I just came to say I'm sorry. I feel bad about the way we treated you. I can't honestly say that I wouldn't do it all over again. You are hotter than hell. You are the sexiest girl I ever met. I know what we did to you was wrong. I knew it when we were doing it. I think that maybe that was one of the reasons that it was so exciting. In my defense I can only say that I am a teenage boy and like I said, Christ you are hot!"

I looked at him, trying to figure out why he was doing this. Maybe I had misjudged him. I had to ask though, "Did Chase say anything to you?"

He shook his head and asked, "No, why?"

"Nothing," I said. Maybe this was from the heart. Besides, I knew that he was right about one thing. He was a teenage boy. I knew enough about the way boys thought to know that not many boys would have turned down the opportunity to have sex with me that their father had presented them with. Even Kevin did it.

I decided that he was being sincere and I smiled at him and said, "Thank you. I accept your apology. Maybe we can start all over now."

He smiled and looked very relieved. Then he said, "That would be great, but you are going to have to stop being naked so much. I can't stop thinking about sex when you are standing there like that."

We both stood up and I smiled and said, "Maybe that should be your punishment. Maybe I'll just drive you crazy for a while."

He got a pained expression and groaned.

I moved closer to him and went up on my tip toes and kissed his cheek and then I said, "Or maybe every once in a while I can do something about this." I reached down and wrapped my fingers around his erection and his eyes popped open.

He said in an urgent whisper, "Sara, don't tease me like that!"

I said, "Oh no, I am going to tease you. The question is, am I going to make it up to you."

He groaned as I dragged him to my bedroom door and after I pushed him out into the hallway he turned and said, "I guess I deserve that."

After he went back into his room I went down to Chase's room. I walked in, still naked and asked, "Did you talk to Brad after we talked last night?"

He looked confused and shook his head and I knew that he hadn't. He didn't know what I was talking about. So maybe Brad's remorse was genuine.

I went back to my room and took a shower and put on a pair of shorts and a top and went downstairs and had breakfast. Chase took mom grocery shopping later and while Kevin was in the pool I went up and interrupted Brad's homework.

I went into his room and said, "I have decided that you have suffered enough."

He looked up with a hopeful look on his face and I smiled and went over and knelt at his feet. I looked up at him and said, "This is going to sound weird Brad, but it is important to me. I am also having sex with Chase and Kevin. But I don't want you guys talking about me. I don't even really know why. But the idea of you doing that bothers me. Can you live with that?"

Brad surprised me. He leaned down and pulled me up and into his lap. He said, "Sara, you have just had a really bad week. As much as I like looking down and seeing you between my legs, why don't we take a break and make sure that you aren't making things worse for yourself. Maybe you need to be a normal teenage girl for a while."

I was shocked. Brad was the last one I expected that reaction from. I put my arm around his neck and said, "That was nicer, and far more mature than I expected from you Brad. Don't take that the wrong way, it was a compliment. I don't see why I can't be normal outside of the house and maybe a little less normal in the house. I just need to be a little more in control of what happens to me. I have been pretty upset about some of the things that happened to me lately, with good reason. But not all of it bothered me. If you guys had been a little nicer to me I wouldn't have minded what was happening so much."

Brad smiled and said, "Be honest Sara, if we had been nicer to you none of that would have happened. All of it happened because you and your mother weren't given a choice. There is no getting around that what took place was blackmail and rape. I am a rapist and I didn't even realize it at first. Not until that night you spent in the hospital. I never thought of myself as a rapist or the kind of person that would rape a girl. The more I thought about what I had done the worse I felt. Maybe I don't deserve you being nice to me right now."

I hugged him and said, "No, maybe you don't. But what the fuck, I'm here now and you don't want to hurt my feelings do you?"

He kissed me passionately then. I couldn't remember for sure, but I am fairly certain that was the first time we had kissed. I felt something stirring under me and said teasingly, "I think you are about to give in to my womanly charms."

I slid off of his lap and this time he stood up and helped me take his pants down. He had no problems with his conscience once I took his cock in my mouth.

I had come to realize that I really enjoyed sucking boy's cocks. I guess the fact that I was pretty good at it and they really seemed to appreciate it had something to do with that.

I still wasn't sure why I was doing it, especially not for Chase and Brad. I wasn't even sure if I was doing it for me or for them. Until I figured it out though, I saw no problem with doing it, and enjoying it.

It was too late for breakfast and too early for lunch when we finally went downstairs. I had a glass of juice and then the three of us sat out under an umbrella and wondered where Larry was and what he was doing. Even I was worried about him. It had been four days since he left.

When Chase and my mother got home we had a light lunch and after we cleaned up the kitchen mom said, "Maybe we should split up and drive around town for a while and see if we can spot your dad's car."

Chase saw how worried she was and asked, "Do you love my dad?"

Mom blushed. She probably was just as conflicted as I was. After thinking about what she was going to say she finally answered, "I shouldn't. Not so much because of the way that he treated me. As embarrassing as it is to admit, I enjoyed some of it. No, that isn't being honest. I enjoyed a lot of it. It killed me to see what he did to Sara though. I'll be mad at him for that for a while. But I don't know how he feels about me. I don't know if he likes me beyond someone to fuck and humiliate. We had some good times and your father is an amazing lover when he wants to be, but I don't know if I will ever be anything but property to him. I hope that is what he is taking the time to figure out now."

Chase and mom decided that if they hadn't heard from Larry by three then we would take the cars and split up and see if we could spot his car somewhere. Maybe out at one of the many motels near the airport.

He finally came home just before we were going to go looking for him. He came in looking very serious and said hello to his family. Then he said, "We have some talking to do. But first, Sara, would you please come with me for a few minutes?"

He looked worried and a picture flashed in my mind of the last time I had seen him. I was drugged up in the hospital, but I had tried to beat on him.

I got up and we went out the front door and sat on the steps. He looked pretty sad and I almost felt sorry for him. He was quiet for a few minutes and then he said, "I have been trying to plan out what I was going to say. I have a lot to apologize for. I don't even have an excuse to offer you. I will say that I am more sorry than I can say for everything that has happened to you and I know that I am responsible for all of it. I don't expect you to forgive me, but I am begging you for a chance to make it up to you. If you and your mother will stay here I promise that you will have a life that is as much like that of a normal teenage girl as I can make it. My sons will leave you alone and treat you with respect and so will I."

"I may have a funny way of showing it, but I have fallen in love with your mother and you may find it hard to believe but I love you too. If you will give me the chance I will promise to spend the next two years until you go away to college making it up to you, at least as much as it is possible to atone for the terrible things that I have done."

"I know that you won't want to go back to that school and I have talked to the school board and gotten permission for you to start going back to your old school again, being on the Board made that pretty easy. I have arranged for you to start back on Monday. If your mother has not already done so we will get you an entire new wardrobe of the clothing of your choice. I am not going to ask you to forgive me. All I ask is that you give me a chance to make it up to you."

I was impressed! I had been thinking a lot about how I felt about Larry and what he did and what I would want to say to him. I also thought about what I would want to hear from him. He had said all of that and more.

I reached over and took his hand and said, "I have already come to terms with your three boys. We have made up and we are friends now. Believe it or not, they are friends with benefits."

Larry looked startled and I said, "Yeah, I know. I have to be honest though. I don't want to let you all the way off the hook but I enjoyed some of what happened and I don't blame you for all of it. Not entirely anyway. I appreciate that you feel bad about what happened and maybe we will be uncomfortable for a day or two but I think we can work this out. You have to know that I am not going to stop having sex with your sons. I am going to have more control over who has sex with me and when and how. And we have all agreed that we don't want to go back to wearing bathing suits when we go swimming."

"I appreciate what you did to get me back into my old school," I continued. "You are right. I could not face those kids again after the way I dressed when I went there and the gang rape that they must surely all think I had coming. Have you figured out how I am going to get back and forth to school now? There isn't even a bus stop in this part of town."

Larry smiled and stood up. He took my hand and pulled me down the front path and around to the driveway on the side of the house. We stopped and he said, "That is a 2008 Corvette convertible. The color is called Atomic Orange Metallic. If you prefer we can get you something else or that in a different color. I thought that you would like it. Your mom tells me that you are a good driver. Now you have your own car. You will, I hope, have the good sense not to kill yourself in it because your mother has enough that she won't be able to forgive me for now."

I actually screamed like a silly girl when what he was saying finally sank in! I turned around and hugged him and said, "Maybe I won't have so much trouble forgiving you after all."

Then I got a little more serious. "I really do understand how this happened. I know enough about guys to know what went through your mind, all of your minds, and I realize that maybe you aren't such a bad guy. You are just a guy that had a chance to live out a male fantasy and took advantage of it. Not even completely a male fantasy. After talking to Jo and Kara I realize that a lot of people might enjoy some if not all of what we went through in the past week. So I may not have completely forgiven you yet, but I had already gone a long ways towards that, even before I saw the car."

He hugged me and kissed the top of my head and I said, "I have a present for you too."

He looked at me curiously and I smiled my best teaser smile and said, "Paul came by with that disk. I watched it. It's pretty hot. Maybe we should all sit down in a day or two and watch it together."

"Are you sure?" he asked.

I nodded and said, "I think everyone would enjoy it. Now I think you need to have a long talk with my mom."

He handed me the keys to the car and said, "The paperwork is in the glove compartment. Please take it easy."

I led him back into the house and into the family room where the rest of the family was sitting nervously. I kissed him on the cheek and then I went over and grabbed Kevin's hand and pulled him outside. When he saw my new car he almost shit!

I laughed and said, "Come on lover, let's take it for a test drive."

Things are pretty cool now. We are probably happier than most families. Sometimes someone gets upset, sometimes there are small arguments. But mostly we all get along great. The sex is a lot more fun for all of us now. I am on the pill and I have been fucking all three boys. Not every night. Not even often. But sometimes, when I feel like it and they are nice to me. I even made Larry's dreams come true, with my mother's permission.

We started wearing clothes around the house at first, but that didn't last long. We are all a lot happier naked. It requires a warning phone call whenever anyone is bringing company home but we think it's worth it.

We waited almost two weeks before we finally watched the movie from the strip club. We all went to bed exhausted that night. We have watched it several times since and Larry is planning on inviting Paul and his three slaves over for dinner and an evening of debauchery in the next week or two. We all agreed that Chase and I should not be going to anymore strip clubs. Larry, I mean dad and mom are thinking about going back though. The boys and I are looking forward to seeing the next movie.

Now I get to spend more time with my girlfriends from my old school again. The rape got reported in the local news but so far nobody at my old school knows that I was the girl that got raped. I'm hoping that the boys all plead guilty and there is no need for a public trial. The prosecutor talked to me and I told him that I would rather that they got some sort of deal so that I would not have to testify, but that I would testify if he needed me to.

I was always pretty popular at my old school. But I have to tell you, when the kids saw my new car I was like the queen of the school. But I'm lucky enough to have close friends that keep putting me down. It keeps my head from getting too big.

I have begun inviting my friends over to my house now too. Sometimes for an afternoon in the pool and a couple of times I invited my closest friend Cathy over for a sleepover. Cathy isn't like the other girls. She is a bit on the wild side, maybe more than a bit. I guess every girl needs a close friend to confide her secrets to and Cathy is that someone for me.

The first secret I told her was about the rape. Everyone had heard about it of course. I almost had to laugh out loud when I told her I was the victim and started giving her details. Because she wasn't shocked or even sympathetic, she was jealous. She wanted to hear every detail. It was a turn on for her, but it was kind of like therapy for me. After we had talked it to death I was finally able to get totally over it. I wouldn't realize it until later, but that was when the nightmares stopped.

That wasn't the end of the secrets I shared with her though. Not even close. She almost had an orgasm when I told her that the whole family never wore clothes except when we had company. She couldn't get the image of being naked in front of a man and three teenage boys out of her mind. I felt myself getting closer to Cathy by the minute.

I am not sure that she didn't have an orgasm when I told her that I was having sex with all four of them. She wanted in on the action immediately. She really had the hots for Chase.

I didn't think Chase would have a problem with that so I took her to his room that evening and stood her in front of him at his desk. He was just screwing around on the computer, his homework was done. I joked with him about downloading porn but he just laughed and said, "When you have a mind as dirty as mine you don't need porn sis."

I stood behind Cathy and as I reached around her and started taking her clothes off I asked, "Does that mean that you would rather I stopped undressing my best friend for you?"

His jaw dropped so far so fast that I was afraid that he would hurt himself. I took my time and teased the hell out of both of them. Once she was naked I stood behind her and kissed the back of her neck and her shoulders and I reached around and teased her very sexy boobs while Chase just stared, totally unable to believe that this was happening to him.

I think that Cathy was more than a little surprised too. Our relationship had never been anything but just close friends. I had never even seen her naked before. I was as impressed as Chase was!

I got Cathy primed almost to the point of orgasm and she groaned when I stopped. I went around her and pulled Chase to his feet and said, "What the hell is wrong with you? You didn't turn gay on me did you?!"

Cathy and I worked together to undress him and we led him to his bed. Instead of leaving them alone, or even helping Cathy with Chase, I pushed her down onto her back and left Chase standing and let him watch. I said, "Let me make sure she is warmed up for you."

I kissed her tentatively on the lips and I was relieved when she had no reservations at all. She grabbed me and held me close and kissed me passionately while I moved my hands over her body again. After a few minutes I broke the kiss and began kissing and licking my way down her body. When I got to her hot, wet pussy she went crazy. She made some kind of wild animal noise and then she nearly screamed and then she said, "Oh god Sara! No one has ever done that for me before. OH FUCK!!"

Chase was staring down at us like he was stupid and I finally said, "What the fuck are you waiting for?!"

He smiled and said, "Are you fucking kidding?! I could watch this all day!"

I said, "You won't get laid that way dummy! Get your ass down here!"

I moved off of Cathy and lay beside her. As Chase moved over her and kissed her I grabbed his cock and lined it up for them. God it was so fucking hot watching them! For the first few minutes Chase kissed her while he was fucking her, then he got up on his arms and I leaned in and I started kissing her and teasing her nipples with my hand.

Cathy went nuts. I mean she was cumming all over the place. It's a good thing that I was kissing her because she would have had the whole house in here to find out who was getting killed. By the time that Chase finally had an orgasm she was whining and whimpering and just completely fucked.

Chase rolled off of her and they were both covered in sweat and cum. I guess it should have been disgusting but I was so turned on right then that I didn't hesitate. I leaned down and sucked Chase's cock clean and then I pushed Cathy's legs a little farther apart and I gently ate her pussy until it was clean. What the hell, I had done it for my mother and it wasn't so bad.

She finally looked down and said lovingly, "You crazy bitch! What the hell has gotten into you?"

I laughed and said, "I found out recently that I like eating pussy. It is a good, low calorie treat. If I like eating pussy then why shouldn't I eat out my best friend? You didn't mind did you?"

She said, "I was just a wee bit surprised that the most conservative friend I have, probably the only virgin friend I had until just recently, would eat pussy. Not to mention sucking and fucking your brother! I don't know who corrupted you, but I am so glad they did!"

Cathy has become a regular and very welcome visitor at our house now and she spends a lot of weekends here. Her parents think it's because of the pool and the hot tub. Well, I guess that's a part of it.


Pages: Prev | 1 | 2 | 3 | 4 | 5 | 6 | 7 | 8 | Next

Your opinion is important:
Share with the others what you think about
"A New Life for Sara"
     
Switch to Expanded voting form
The End
Posted: 2008-08-15
Send feedback to author
Home - Top Feedback to author

