 
Home | Frank Speaks's Page « New Times Index
Chapter 1
Posted: February 06, 2012 - 08:50:32 am

The first time I saw her in person, she was hanging on the Blytheton Tree naked. This was what I had been told to expect. I didn't like having another vision come true. That meant the others probably would also.

Calling it a tree is not really correct since this Tree, like all town Trees, is actually a vertical X frame to which a man or woman can be tied or nailed in a spread eagle position. In itself, it's very painful as your feet can't push your body up very well and you must pull yourself up with your arms to keep from suffocating similar to being crucified. I have seen men and women die from the cross and from Tree. I personally think the Tree might be worse though never want to be on either one. Sometimes, the hands were tied lower forcing the legs to try to spread putting preassure on the pelvis. No matter how you were attached and no matter what position you were in, it was painful.

To have been put there meant she had failed to obey some law of the town. I had come up behind her so I couldn't see the law board. As I walked closer, I could see that she had been whipped and then bludgeoned. I could see welts and red lines on her buttocks and lower back and upper thighs from the whipping she had received. The bludgeon pole was not used very often but it was well up her ass and her cunt. As I walked closer, a young man moved toward her from in front and, reaching down, shook the bludgeon pole causing her to moan.

A bludgeon pole is actually a two-headed pole. Each head is about two inches thick and ten or eleven inches long. When a woman is placed on a town's Tree, she is occasionally mounted on the bludgeon pole to add to her pain. Men are also given this treatment with one head going in their asses like is done to a woman, but instead of the other head going into the cunt they don't have, it goes between their balls pushing them apart and then the head of their cock up. It can be quite painful whether you are male or female.

I also noticed that she had a great body and what was probably a pretty face when it wasn't contorted in pain and covered with dirt and spit. As I went in front of her, I was sure she was the one in the vision that the old witch gave me. Seeing her there was strange because Blytheton didn't have enough pretty women and treating one this way wouldn't convince her to stay when her punishment was complete. Of course, that didn't matter since I wanted her to come with me. I checked the posting by the Tree to determine her crime. I read that she had failed to pay for room and board after having spent the night and consumed two meals. Further on, she admitted that she had no money claiming it had been stolen from her while she was in town. She then hit the innkeeper when he started stripping her down to take her room and board out in trade. The failure to make payment explained her being tied to the Tree and whipped. Hitting the innkeeper and denying him sex for pay to cover her debt resulted in her being bludgeoned in addition. According to the notice, she had another eight hours to serve. She must have hit the innkeeper hard. She was one of two that I had come here to find.

I continued into the center of town and looked around for an inn. Seeing one, I went over to it and entered. As usual, the saloon part was on my right and the desk was to the left with a staircase between them. I went to the desk and paid for a room for the night in advanace. I went upstairs to my room and left my bag. I decided a drink would be good and would clear my throat of the travel taste. I went downstairs to the bar and ordered a whiskey shot with a beer chaser I leaned against the bar to listen to the piano player as I drank.

The bar wasn't crowded and I could see the other patrons and the bar girls. Bar girls are the same everywhere, I guess. They're hired for their bodies, easy attitudes and low intelligence. I watched as one girl was made to lean over a table, her short skirt lifted, and her "friend" of the minute pushed his cock into her cunt or her ass. At another table, one was under the table sucking one cock after another. At still another, the bar girl was sitting on her customer's lap with his pants down and her skirt up. It didn't take long before one of the girls made her way down the line at the bar trying to generate some interest and payment for her favors. She got no takers and proved the statement about too few pretty women in Blytheton. While her body was not bad, her face was not even pleasant to look at. I don't know about the others, but she did not turn me on.

As usual, swords and knives were everywhere. Most societies have rules. One of the ones with which I lived was that you fought with the same weapons as those used against you. If the other guy came at you with just a knife, you responded with the same even though you had a sword on your hip. On the other hand, you could respond with a lower weapon. I frequently fought with just a knife against a sword because I'm particularly good with a knife and it humiliates a swordsman to lose to someone wielding a knife though you won't be embarrassed long if you're dead.

Violations of this rule would result in death usually in some painful manner. I saw one man boiled alive. He was tied by his hands and suspended with his feet in a huge pot of water. A fire was kindled under that pot and the water was heated and finally boiled. The screams were agonizing coming from his tortured throat. It took him a long time to die. Dying by a knife or sword hurts. If you violate the rules and customs of our society, there are a number of very painful ways to die. Either way, you're dead.

This inn's bar did not serve food so I left in search of a meal and the town office after finishing my drink. Across the street was the town office. I paid the debt for the woman and arranged for the bludgeon to be removed and she be untied from the Tree. It cost extra because of the innkeeper's injuries. Two doors down, I found a restaurant, stepped inside, and found a seat. The server gave me a menu. After looking at it, I made a choice and he took my order. Shortly thereafter, he came out with my food. After eating, I went about my other business. I had been hired to find and kill a card cheat who had taken a rich man's son for a fair chunk of money and then killed him. The father would have lived with the monetary loss but killing his son was too much. I had some maintenance that was needed on my equipment. I arranged for that to be done and for the completed items to be delivered to the stable. I also had a haircut.

I had seen the man in the bar earlier at a table playing cards. I returned and found him still playing poker with a small group who were not very happy since they were losing. I watched for a while and noticed that my target was cheating. This was not surprising but the skill level of the other players was so poor that he probably could have won anyway. One of the players was tapped out and I moved to take his place. No one even looked up. The dealer said, "Draw, nothing's wild, and ante is a buck." I placed my coin with the rest and the cards were dealt. I won the second hand. Now, it was my turn to deal and I set up my swindler with what looked like a great hand except that I set up another player with an even better hand. My target bet high and lost. He looked at me with a little bit of anger. The cards were dealt by the winner of the previous hand and my target won that hand. Now that he was dealing, I watched carefully and easily saw his false deal. I placed my hand on his firmly and stopped the play.

"Dealing from the bottom is not considered fair play," I said.

"Are you calling me a cheater?" was the response.

"Of course, asshole. You're not good enough a player to win otherwise." I taunted.

He pushed back his chair and said, "Your choice of weapons."

"Let's go outside for a little swordplay." I replied.

We went out and he drew first swinging at me violently and without warning. That was not mannerly but I was ready for him and simply parried his blow. Then I jumped back and raised my sword in a mocking salute which is what he should have done before coming at me. When he came at me again, I again parried his swing and then removed his head. The crowd moved back to avoid the blood spurting from the trunk as it folded back and down. The sword fell from his lifeless hand. They also jumped to not be in my way as I made my way back to the table. Resuming my seat with the others, I said, "I guess we need a new dealer."

"You deal," was the reply from one of the guys.

"Okay," I said and shuffled and dealt the cards. Outside the local burial guy picked up the body and head and took them away. A recorder came to the table and asked my name for the record since it had been a fair fight officially. I told him my name and asked for a copy to be sent to my room when it was completed for my records.

We played out a few hands with various ones of us winning. I was a little bit ahead when I got up. I said, "I've had enough for now. Thanks for the game." They all nodded a cordial good evening to me as I left and went to my room.

She was there when I went in. "Locks aren't worth much." I said quietly.

"No, they aren't. You killed the guy who took my money that I had for the room. He then lied about his theft, of course. I still hurt from what they did to me."

"I can understand that. The bludgeon is not fun. Whipping may be worse. What are you going to do now?"

"I just wanted to thank you before I left town though I would have killed him myself given a chance."

"I know, Miranda. Why don't you rest here tonight. I'll buy you a horse and we can ride together."

"Why are you helping me? I'm in no condition for sex."

"I'm not asking you to be a whore for me. You take the couch over there. I think you're a person who could help me in the future. Right now, it seems you could use some help."

"Thank you. I need to heal from the bludgeon and the whipping."

"Suits. Good night."

I guess I should describe myself. I am six feet, five inches, tall which is well above average height and muscular without being heavy set. I have blonde hair and am clean shaven. My eyes are a vivid green color. While my height can be imposing, most women find me attractive. I have one other attribute, an exceptionally long, thick cock. Most whores cannot take me all the way in any orifice on their first try. I last a long time, too. Miranda, as I had noticed before, was a good looking woman and tall herself at about five feet, ten inches.

I stripped down to get in bed and she saw my cock and her eyes widened. Even soft, it was large. She exclaimed, "I have to try that!" She went to her knees before me and said, "Let me suck it."

I didn't argue though most blow jobs I have had were not very good. It was hard for a woman to take me into her mouth, even more so her throat. I have never had a woman take my cock in her mouth and throat to the balls after I had hardened. It usually took three or four different attempts over time if they could do it at all.

Miranda knelt before me and took my cock in her hands. She kissed the tip and ran her tongue up and down its rapidly hardening length. She had a generous mouth and opened it wide. She took my cock in and pushed her body up to get it in her throat. She had taken about ten inches with a good four left when she grabbed my ass cheeks and forcefully pushed it farther down her throat. It went in all the way. She didn't hold it long but returned again and again taking it deep each time burying her nose in my pubic hair repeatedly. It was the first time I had been successfully deep throated from the beginning. I really enjoyed the feeling. Her mouth and throat were moving on me without pause creating a sensous feeling. One hand would come up my shaft when she came up and the other fondled my balls continually. I let myself go with the feeling and she had to feel the throbbing along its length as my semen made its way to the end of my cock and shot directly into her stomach. As I pulsed, she gradually withdrew until just the head was in her mouth and the last shots of my cum went on her tongue.

"Thank you, Miranda. That was excellent. You have a true talent." I lay down on the bed and she moved to the couch.

The next morning, she asked me, "What's going on? How did you know my name? Why did you pay my costs and get me loose?"

"You were one of the two people I was searching for in Blytheton. The other was the crooked gambler who is now dead."

"They're all crooked. The one you killed was only a little worse than the rest of them. Who are you?"

"I am called The Enforcer." Her eyes widened at that. "My real name's Lemuel Jones, call me, 'Lem.'"

We left the hotel and went to the stables. I purchased a horse for her. I loaned her arms that were sufficient. She looked at my side arms enviously seeing their quality. We mounted and left the town. She spit on the town city limits sign as we went out on the north road. We kept going until night. Not having seen a person or dwelling all day, we made camp off the side of the road in a ruin that I knew. We hadn't spoken all day.

"You knew me and we're going somewhere in particular, correct?"

"Yes, both correct."

"Tell me about it and why me?"

"Some of it's a story that's older than both of us put together. Some of what I was told I know is over a thousand years old. I believe that some of it may be even older but I don't know. We will meet the third member of our group tomorrow afternoon and then I will explain everything to the both of you." That was the first lie that I told her. I had no intention of explaining everything to her or anyone else. Of course, I'm not even sure that I knew everything.

We ate a small supper. I stretched and yawned. Laing back on my blankets, I composed my body for sleep. She had placed hers close to mine. She lay next to me for a moment. She said, "May I suck you again?" She could see me nod by the firelight. She pulled my pants down and engulfed by cock even more easily this time. It wasn't long before I came hard shooting my looad into her stomach and, as she lifted her mouth, into her mouth. She swallowed every drop. "Thanks," she said. We. slept. At dawn, we rose, saddled the horses and left our camp still heading north.

Later that afternoon after steady but, not hard, riding, we saw a camp in the distance. We rode closer and I smiled because there was no one there.

"Lem, if she hadn't been with you, I would have killed your little lady." We heard a voice from the trees.

"Red, come over and let me introduce you. We will be together for a while." We rode into camp and a large red haired and bearded man came from the trees and met us. "Miranda, meet Red. Red, this is Miranda. Our party is now complete."

Red is stocky, around thirty years old, and about five foot, ten inches, tall about the same height as Miranda. He would be considered just above average height by an inch or two. On the other hand, Miranda was very tall for a woman since most women were just barely over five feet tall. She also had a superb figure with large, firm breasts, a small waist, and generous hips with a tight, high ass. Her face was pretty with long, black hair. Red's, of course, was red, dark red.

I got off my horse and went through the process of removing the saddle and wiping him down. After a moment and a hard look at Red, Miranda did the same.

We brought our bedding to the fire and settled in.

"Let's eat. As we eat, I will tell you what's going on and where we are going.

"A month ago, I was approached by an old witch after accepting my last job from a rich man who lost his son to a crooked gambler. That gambler is now dead and I have the proof. I will collect the remainder of my fee when I can. The old witch told me that my face and name had come to her in a vision. That worried me because dealing with witches is not good. She was convincing in what she said. That's why I'm here right now. She put a simple spell on me and I saw each of you and the circumstances and locations of our meetings. I met up with Red where she told me I would find him. I left him here while I went after you and the gambler. You were also where I was told you would be, Miranda, including being on the Tree.

"Now, we're together and I will tell you what I know. It's the old witch's story and it's her telling of it that I give you. I knew some of it from traveling around and listening to people but she filled in a lot and told me what is going to happen unless the three of us do something about it.

"The first things she told me were that I would meet the two of you and circumstances of those meetings. Each meeting has happened as she foretold. I was told the three of us must ride together and find a group of people west of here. We will lead them to conquer some other group north of their location who are about to uncover some old icons that could kill all of mankind. If we are successful, we will each receive our real hearts' desires. If we fail, we will die with everyone else.

"She explained that, if we do nothing, then we will die anyway with along with the rest of mankind. I didn't care for her vision but it seems to be borne out by events over this last month. As I said, I was told where to meet each of you and under what circumstances plus about a couple of minor, but odd, events right after her tale which pretty much verified her statements to me. Now, the details on the trip west are pretty clear and I have drawn a map to show you." I pulled a map from my pocket and unfolded it. They both studied it for a few moments.

Red said, "That's some rough, dangerous territory. We'll have to pass close to the Vegans and they're crazy and dangerous. It's also dry country." Miranda nodded.

"That's correct on both counts. We can prepare for the dry and will have to fight off the Vegans if they come after us. I plan to travel fast enough so that, when we are close to them, we'll get the jump on their patrols."

Miranda said, "How does this old woman know our real hearts' desires? I'm not even sure what mine is!"

"I don't know mine either. I'm just going to trust her on that since she says the alternative is dying. She did supply me with expenses and explained the trip west. We are headed to the Angels."

Red said, "This just keeps getting better and better. They practice human sacrifice in some rather gruesome ways. They're no better than the Vegans."

"Yeah, she gave me a talisman to show them that is supposed to put them on our side."

"I sure hope it works. Like Red said, their ideas about dying are painfully real." Miranda said.

"Let's get some sleep. We leave first thing in the morning." I finished the discussion.

There was no sex that night.
Chapter 2
Home | Top | Frank Speaks's Page |   Feedback to author



 
Home | Frank Speaks's Page « New Times Index « Previous
Chapter 2
Posted: February 06, 2012 - 10:22:02 am

Red took us to a watering hole to both make a kill to have meat for our trip and to get our water situation ready for the desert. Red had a pack horse with water bags. As we approached the area, he left us with the pack horse and went ahead with his bow ready. As we came up, he was off his horse field dressing a deer. He finished what he was doing and said, "Let''s stop for the day and evening. We can smoke some deer meat for our trip, hydrate ourselves, and load up on water first thing in the morning. If we leave early, we can miss out on some of the worst of the heat."

Miranda looked to see me nod. We tied the horses loosely so they could eat and drink but not go far. She helped Red with the deer while I started a fire for cooking now and for smoking later. We followed Red's plan for the afternoon, evening, and next morning. We left just before the sun rose that next morning heading west.

It was late morning when Red called a halt for the heat of the day. We stopped under a rocky overhang that gave us a little shade. Red said, "I saw signs that suggest there is a party in front of us by about half a day. Their trail came in from the south and we are now following behind them headed the same way. I don't know who they are but it appears there are six or seven."

I said, "Let's take it easy. If someone is going to attract the Vegans attention and be attacked, let's have it be them and not us. With any luck at all, we can slide by without a problem."

Miranda said, "For us, anyway."

We took it easy for a couple of hours and then started back on our road intending to go well into the evening. As we went along, Red watched the trail and commented upon those in front of us. He said, "These people are not desert savvy. They did not stop during the heat of the day but pushed on. That's rough on their horses. They will be tired and slow."

We stopped for the night just before deep dark. We made a fire protected by rocks to hide it from any prying eyes. Red climbed up on some rocks to get higher and looked around. When he came back to the fire, he said, "I could see their fire up ahead of us about ten miles. It's not hidden. We can go slower tomorrow to avoid running into them and to save the horses. They may think they are pushing on but that slows you down because it wears the horses terribly. I could see some distant fires that are probably the Vegans. They are a bit to our left and south but their sentries will be noticing those folk in front of us tonight. If I did, they did. We need to give the party in front of us some slack to stay clear of their problems and to let the Vegans have them. I hope they will be busy with them and we can sneak by."

That was a long speech for Red. I could tell he was not happy for those ahead of us because they were making dumb mistakes. Those cost lives in my experience. It was easy enough to die when you're being smart much less when being dumb.

Miranda asked, "Can't we help them?"

I answered, "No, they are beyond help now. We would just be caught up in the trap, too. Also, we need to get to where we are going and that won't happen if we're dead."

We lay down for this night like the last fully clothed and ready to go in the morning or sooner if need be. The desert had cooled off quickly with the setting of the sun. We took sentry duty tonight in shifts. We woke early the next morning and ate a small breakfast. Red went back up the rocks to look and quickly returned. "They're leaving now. They are creating a dust cloud because they aren't controlling their horses well. Late today, the Vegans will probably attack them. We need to be very careful to avoid showing ourselves." He said.

We packed and slowly made our way along the trail making every effort to not show ourselves to the prying eyes we knew were ahead of us.

Red's words were prophetic. Late afternoon and after taking our mid day rest stop, we heard the distant sounds of people fighting. Red had us stop off to the right side of the trail while he dismounted and went ahead on foot. He returned two hours later and said, "They were attacked. There were seven horses so probably seven people. One horse and two men are dead. I'm not sure about casualties of the Vegans. They always haul their dead and injured away from a battle unless that's impossible."

"Red," I said, "what do you suggest?"

"We should ride a bit north to avoid their trail and camp without fire tonight. We are too close to the Vegans to risk one."

That's what we did. Later that evening, we left the horses with Miranda and Red and I went to search out the Vegans' camp. He wanted to get a better idea of their size and possible intentions based upon their activities this evening. He told us that they wouldn't play with their prisoners if they thought we were around. He added, "Good for us, but bad for them."

Their camp was not hard to find. It was brightly lit by their fires. We found a place between their few sentries and got in close. It wasn't as hard as I had thought because the sentries were more interested in the goings on around their fires than in keeping watch. We were on a small rise overlooking the camp and not more than a hundred yards from the activity. There were four prisoners who were tied upright to posts driven into the ground. There were two men and two women and they were naked. We could see a group gathered closer to the fire and I realized that a fifth prisoner was there. From the screams, it sounded like a woman.

I watched as the Vegan men moved around and saw that she was staked out on the ground on her back, naked and spread. I could see her bleeding from wounds to her arms and legs. These were fresh. As we watched, two men pushed a pole under her body just above her waist and then lifted her into the air straining her arms and legs even more. She screamed loudly in pain as she was bent over backwards. You could hear her back creak as she was stretched painfully. When they had her body as high as they could lift it without breaking her back, the pole was placed upon two tripods that kept her in that position. Her screams died down to moans. That seemed to be a signal.

The Vegan men began to rape her. The rape itself might not have been so bad if her position were better. As it was, every thrust pulled on her arms or legs or her bent back causing a lot of pain and fresh screams until she was hoarse. Some men just fucked her quickly and moved on but some stayed long enough to shoot their loads into her body. After about twenty minutes, she was only moaning as the last of the Vegans used her. Then the same two came to her with a thinner pole and roughly impaled her on it. They pushed about two feet or so into her body as she went rigid screaming in fresh pain. They laughed and left her there. She was now bleeding profusely from between her legs. After she had quieted and they had watched her twitch for a few minutes, her arms were cut loose and she was levered up with her legs spread and the pole pushed into her lower body. It went further in but she was so far gone, she only moaned a bit more.

There was some chanting and dancing and then a second woman was pulled toward the fire after being untied from her stake. She was trying to get loose and her captors were enjoying her struggles. She was pulled through a group of Vegan women who slapped at her breasts and butt leaving red marks on her body. She was sobbing when she got close to the fire. She cried even harder when she could see the other woman closely.

She was staked out on her stomach. Two men with whips came out and whipped her all over leaving red marks that went to welts and then began to bleed. She went limp twice and was revived by water being poured on her each time. Two more men went to her and pushed a pole under her and lifted her bending her over the pole. She wasn't in as much pain from that pole as bending in that direction is natural. This pole was also mounted on tripods to hold the pole and her body in place.

A group of men lined up behind her and her rape began. After about six or so, her head suddenly raised up and she screamed loudly. Red whispered that they took her ass. The rapes continued as the Vegan men took their turns in her body and used either hole. When they all finished, another shorter pole like the one used on the other woman was pushed into her ass and she, too, was levered up. Her cries were gurgles more than cries. She was bleeding badly. Two men picked up the whips and gave her a few lashes each across the front of her body marking her breasts. She was left to die mounted also on a pole between her legs.

More dancing and chanting followed. The third woman was pulled toward the fire and she was quietly sobbing as she was brought forward to her death. She saw the other two women and cried harder seeing up close what had happened to the other two. The Vegan women gathered around her as she was tied at her ankles standing. Her arms were tied behind her with her hands at her elbows. That method pulled her breasts tightly against her body and the women who gathered around her slapped her body hard particularly aiming for and hitting her breasts. She began to scream with the pain and soon collapsed. She was roughly pulled to her feet and a pole was run between her legs hoisting her upright. The beatings began again. The only part of her body untouched was her face.

After the first two, I was a bit surprised that she hadn't been sexually abused also. I soon saw that the men didn't seem interested since they had taken two already as much as they seemed to want. Then two Vegan women approached the woman with a large dor on a rope between them. With the help from the other women, the captive was lifted off the pole between her legs and placed over a log on all fours and tied in place with her legs spread. The dog was then brought forward. He was straining at the ropes as he smelled the woman as she lay exposed. The dog came up behind the woman and reared up to mount her scratching her and slamming into her body rapidly as he searched for her hole with his prick. When he found a hole, he sank in all the way and began to hump her pulling at her waist with his front paws scratching her further. The dog pounded into her body rapidly and, after a bit, his knot formed and he pushed it into her pussy. She screamed loudly and went limp having fainted from the intense pain. Water was splashed on her to revive her. She screamed loudly as the dog continued to mate with her. He came inside her cunt and was bitting on her shoulders and back of her neck. She could feel the dog's hot cum pumping into her ravaged hole. The dog turned around and pulled repeatedly trying to untie from her. It took about five minutes before the knot had subsided sufficiently for he prick to come out. She screamed the whole time. Doggy cum dripped from her pussy. Then, four men came up to her. Two untied her hands from the stump and tied them back together. A pole was placed between her hands. With two men on each end of the pole, she was lifted up and carried over to the fire centering her over the flames. Her eyes bugged out from her head and she screamed loudly as her feet began to burn. She weakly wiggled her feet trying to avoid the fire without success and screamed as the flames went higher on her body burning. Her screams became blood curdling until she fainted again. Even though unconscious, she still moaned as even that state could not block out the pain in her body. The fire was allowed to die down some to roast her rather than quickly burning her to death. Once in a while, she would become conscious long enough to scream her lungs out before collapsing again.

Red and I looked at each other and grimaced as the Vegans went for one of the men. I had seen enough and began to slide back. Red saw my motion and nodded. We backed away from our observation point and made our way back to the camp. We rested for a few hours and then, well before dawn, loaded up and left. We were miles away before daylight and kept going until the noon sun forced a halt. As soon as it cooled from the worst of the heat, we mounted up and covered more miles. We had told Miranda what we had seen. All of us wanted to distance ourselves from the Vegan camp.

That night, we made a camp in a ravine hidden away from anyone's sight and cooked our meal over a small fire. We ate quietly and went to our bedrolls except for Miranda who had first watch. The next morning, we continued on our way.

I was sorry for those who had been front of us and were caught by the Vegans. However, they were a known problem and inexperienced people were frequent victims of one thing or another. Either they lived and learned or they died. Some times, even experienced, cautious people were caught up and suffered or died in situations that couldn't be avoided.

We were headed toward the mountains and found another ravine for the night. This was a more pleasent place with a stream. That stream gave me the idea to wash. We were well hidden out of the way of any observers. I took some clean clothes, a towel, and soap with me. I hadn't been in the water long when Miranda joined me having stripped off. I said, "Before this goes further, you know that Red will join in also?"

"Yes," she said, "that's okay. I like him and have handled two men before."

With that issue resolved, I began to fondle her body and she began to stroke my cock bringing it quickly to full erection. I moved up to a sandy part of the bank and lay back. She saw that move and straddled me pushing down with my cock entering her pussy. She surprised me again by being able to take my entire length in her body though it did take a second push to fully seat my erection in her pussy. She grunted when the last couple of inches went in and our pelvises banged together. Red came up and saw what was happening. He stripped and quickly washed and came out of the water behind her with a hard eight inch cock. Miranda grinned and leaned forward on my chest pushing her firm breasts with their pointy nipples tight to my body. Red entered her ass with one smooth, hard thrust which resulted in a loud groan from Miranda. We three then all began to move, Red and I forcing our cocks deep into her body as she forced her body hard against each of us. Each of us was striving for maximum penetration. The movement soon resulted in Red pumping his seed into her anus and her flooding my cock with her cunt juices when she came.

After Red pulled out, I rolled her over and placed her legs on my shoulders and began to fuck her hard and long. It was fifteen minutes at least before I permitted my cock to throb in her depths and flood her with my semen. She had cum a number of times during my thrusting but I continued to fuck her through each orgasm pushing her body on to another and another. Finally, I rolled to one side and our breathing gradually returned to normal. After a bit more, we stood and rivulets of my sperm leaked out of her still open pussy flowing down her legs and dripping from the lips of her pussy into the water. We washed, dried, and, after dressing, returned to camp where Red had hot food ready.

Miranda said, "Guys, that was good. Thanks. I need that every once in a while."

Red grinned and said, "Anytime you want it, just ask."

I was eating and said nothing but did smile.

The next morning, we left and started into the mountains. We would cross the mountains coming out on the plains before entering Angel territory. Red said that we would be through in about two days and would look around before descending to get a good picture of the land fixed in our minds.

The mountains were not inhabited full time because the winters had deep snows and killing cold. Even in the summer, it was cool at night. We bathed in a mountain stream which chilled each of us. We returned to our little camp and, when I lay back, Miranda quickly straddled my hips and took my cock into her cunt. She leaned forward and Red mounted her pushing his cock into her ass. We all began to move and worked our way to warmth by the time Red gave Miranda his load in her ass. I rolled her off me and onto her stomach. I then pushed her legs apart and pushed my cock into her ass. I went all the way in without pause causing her to groan and then grunt when my pelvis collided with her butt cheeks. She opened her mouth to make noise and Red pushed his dirty cock into her mouth and throat. We fucked her that way until Red came a second time down her throat and I shot a huge load deep into her rectum. Miranda was coming continuously from the stimulation of my cock pounding her ass.

After I had shot my load into her ass, I rolled off. She took a couple of breaths to steady herself and then began to suck and lick my cock to clean it. I didn't let myself get hard again but could have. She was a great cock sucker. When she came up and lay on her side, Red said,"I'm not going to suck the cum out of your ass."

She smiled lazily, "I know. I miss Angie. She would clean my holes and those of my partners and their cocks."

Red asked, "What happened to her?"

"One day, there was a fight and she was too close. She took a sword thrust to her belly. It took her four days to die. The man who killed her died in the fight or I would have killed him. She was a good girl."

We rested, ate, and went to sleep with each of us watching in turns. We had seen no humans since the Vegans. We found the pass described in my map. I had been over it many years ago following a man I had been hired to kill. From the pass, we found a good spot to watch with a sheltered spot for our camp.

It was late afternoon and we were watching the large valley below us. We could see a couple of villages of the Angels in the distance as well as their fields.

Red said, "Tomorrow, we will be down there and find out if your talisman works. If we have to fight, don't get captured. The Angels are at least as bad as the Vegans."

We had supper. After we ate, Miranda treated each of us a deep throat blow job swallowing every drop of cum from each of us.

The next morning, we made breakfast and packed to head down from the mountains to meet the Angels.
Chapter 3
Home | Top | Frank Speaks's Page |   Feedback to author



 
Home | Frank Speaks's Page « New Times Index « Previous
Chapter 3
Posted: February 08, 2012 - 12:04:10 pm

We spent all the morning going down into the valley eating a lunch in the saddle. We were just starting to enter the fields when we were met by a small group of men on foot.

"Stop!" One of them told us, "State your business and surrender."

"I am The Enforcer and I bring this!" I reached into my saddle bag and pulled the talisman and showed it to the men. They all took a quick step back.

The one who had spoken said shakily, "You may pass with your companions and go to our village priest. He will deal with you. Please, put that away."

I replaced the talisman in my bag and followed one of the men into the town. He was useful in keeping people away from us. When he arrived in town, he took us to the main building and he went inside leaving us. Very shortly, an elderly man came out and looked at me warily, "You have the talisman like he said?"

"Yes, do you want to see it?"

"No, I will believe you and Mason. Please come in and tell me your business with the Angels."

"We will do that. Who do I have the honor of addressing?"

"I am Elder Leroy Anderson. I am priest and have charge of this town of Sleighride [sorry, couldn't resist the pun-RG.] and its adjoining areas on behalf of the High Priest. May He be blessed." We had gone inside and were seated at a table. Elder Leroy said, "You carry a talisman of great importance to the Angels. Did you come by it honestly?"

"It was given to me by an old witch named, Clarissa. She gave me instructions to bring it to your leadership along with a quest she said you would undertake with us. She told me my companions' names and locations."

He paled at that. "I will send a man with you to the High Priest. May He be blessed. My man will guide you directly and assist your journey."

We were getting more help than I had anticipated though most of it right now was in a desire to be rid of us. I nodded to Elder Leroy. He left us there and scurried off to arrange our guide. We were either doing better than I had anticipated or were in deep trouble. After thinking about it some, both seemed likely!

He returned about an hour later saying, "The man who accompanied you here was Mason. He will guide you to the City of the Angels. You should leave now." I shrugged and we exited the building, mounted up and continued on our way with Mason, also now on horseback, in front.

That evening, we stopped in a small town staying in a hastily emptied house for the night. Mason spoke the first words to any of us on this portion of the trip when he said to me, "You have the talisman. When it is placed before the High Priest, legend teaches that the Angels' time is over and we must follow the bearer. Do you know what will happen?"

"Mason, I was given a task by Clarissa, the witch, when she gave me the talisman. She told me what to do after meeting with the Angels. I plan to carry out her instructions as best I can. What are your plans?"

"I will follow you, Sir. My family is dead. My father sickened and died as did my mother a year later. My sister was chosen by the Elder and died later in childbirth. I have nothing and no status in my village because my father had left many debts."

"You are accepted as part of my company with Red and Miranda. Miranda, check out his fighting knowledge and coach him as you think best."

Miranda looked at Mason, who was an inch taller than she, and said, "Come, Boy. It's time for your test." They went out the back door with Miranda leading.

Red said, "Why not give the young whelp to me?"

"He's not ready for your training. He needs to learn how to fight first. If we have time, you will train him to scout. We could use another scout if he can learn and Miranda doesn't kill him teaching him how to fight. I expect he will be bruised in ego and body soon."

"There are worse ways to go." Red chuckled. "She might fuck him to death."

I chuckled, "Like you said, there are worse ways to go."

We settled in for our evening meal. Miranda came in twenty minutes later. He will learn, eventually. I hope we have enough time for me to complete his lessons." I shrugged. Mason came in later. Only a couple of bruises showed. We spent a quiet night.

We arrived at the High Priest's palacein the City of the Angels the next day. He was not happy to see me. He was even less happy to see the talisman after I showed it to him in public on his speaking platform and holding it high to show it to the people who were assembled there. There were perhaps two hundred there who saw me, the talisman, and heard the High Priest acknowledge me as the bearer of the talisman. When we went back inside, two young girls were led up to him and us. He said, "Pick one to be your servant."

I looked over at Miranda. She had heard him. She looked at the two and very slightly inclined her head to the right. I looked over at the two and said, "The one on the right will do."

"Very good," said the High Priest. He pointed to the one on the right, "You, girl, what is your name?"

"Sylvie, your Holiness."

"Sylvie, you are now the servant of that man." He pointed at me. "You will obey him in all things or face a painful death." She paled but nodded. He looked at the other one and said, "Take her to my quarters for this evening."

I looked at Sylvie and said, "Sylvie, come here and stand with my companion, Miranda. She will be your teacher. Obey her totally and things will be well for you." Sylvie nodded and went to stand by and slightly behind Miranda.

I looked at the High Priest. "We are to make a trip and I will need you to gather fighters to accompany us." He nodded slowly. "I will also need two whores for my two men each night. They can be given for the time we are here or changed nightly." I looked at Red and he nodded. "Experienced ones would be best."

The High Priest nodded and then called for us to be taken to a suite of rooms. Red and Mason had a room each and Miranda joined me in mine with Sylvie. Miranda said, "Sylvie, take off your clothes. Let's see your body."

Sylvie looked a bit troubled but began to remove her clothes one item at a time. When she was finally naked with a little encouragement from Miranda, we could both see her body. She was small, no more than two inches over five feet with small breasts, an impossibly small waist, and slim hips that made her look much younger than she probably was.

Miranda looked her hungrily and asked, "How old are you, Girl?

"Fifteen or sixteen, I think, Mistress."

"Are you a virgin, Sylvie?"

"No, Mistress. I have satisfied many women and men with my mouth. Men have used my mouth most but I have been penetrated in pussy and ass, also."

"It will be interesting to watch you when Master removes his clothes. You will permit Master to enter you in every hole. Master will take you hard. You will cry with the pain but you will submit and, eventually, you will learn to enjoy his cock. You will also service me. Now, kneel before me, remove my pants, and use your mouth and tongue on my pussy until I orgasm."

She swallowed a bit in fright from Miranda's words but did as she was told, sucking and licking Miranda's pussy and clit with a will trying to please Miranda. I watched and gradually grew hard. I knew I would take Miranda first and let Sylvie watch as I penetrated her Mistress to the hilt. It would be enlightening for the poor girl. I stood up and began to strip off my clothes.

When I dropped my pants and my engorged cock popped up erect and uncovered, Sylvie looked over and then tried to get away. Miranda held her tightly not giving the poor girl the opportunity to run. I walked over and pulled her up by her hair and tossed her on the bed. Miranda was right behind her and got on top holding her down in a sixty-nine position. Sylvie was struggling without much success when I climbed on the bed with my cock over her head letting it point toward Miranda's genitals. I moved forward and pushed my cock all the way into Miranda's pussy with one long thrust and Miranda moaned as the walls of her pussy were again stretched with my thickness and then her womb entered with the end of my cock. She continued to moan a little more than usual as I began to fuck her pussy. I gave her an orgasm and then pulled out. My cock was dripping on Sylvie's face with Miranda's juices.

I said, "Open you mouth and suck on the end." She was hesitant but she did as she was told. After a moment, I pulled my cock from her mouth and placed it at Miranda's ass and pushed hard. The bell end popped into her anal tract through her sphincter and she cried out. I continued to push until my pubic hair was flattened on her butt cheeks.

"Oh, shit! Lem, it's so deep!" Miranda moaned. She began to grunt as I started to fuck her ass with long, slow strokes that gradually became faster and soon had her coming hard with an anal orgasm.

"Open your mouth, Sylvie!" I commanded. "Swallow your mistress's cum!" When Miranda came, she squirted and Sylvie gulped trying to swallow all of it. After Miranda's second orgasm slowed and her breathing returned to something close to normal, I pulled out and said, "Suck it!" I felt Sylvie suck on the bell end of my cock licking and swallowing Miranda's anal juices.

I didn't let her go on for long as I had another set of holes to use. I pulled off the bed and came around to Miranda's head and Sylvie's pelvis. She looked up at me and grinned. She had two fingers in Sylvie's pussy but not deep. Apparently, the girl really wasn't very experienced!

"Her pussy's tight." Miranda said. She grinned at me. I used my body to force Sylvie's legs wide open and brought my cock to her little pussy. Miranda leaned back planting her pussy firmly on Sylvie's face. Her face took on a happy look as Sylvie's mouth began to give her pleasure.

She removed her fingers from Sylvie's pussy and I began to push the bell end of my cock into her slit. She began moaning immediately. I pushed the head in an inch and she screamed in pain. I continued to push hard forcing my cock into her tiny body as she cried out in pain. I felt her pussy stretch some more which brought new cries of pain from her throat. I continued to push my cock into her body until she had eight inches inside her pussy. She was still very, very tight and was constantly moaning with pain. She was also huffing and puffing because my cock was so far in her tiny body that it seemed to be interfering with her breathing. At nine inches, I was pressing into her cervix having stretched her pussy as much as it would stretch. She was panting and moaning into Miranda's pussy.

I continued to push and popped into her womb. She screeched yet again. Finally, I was completely imbedded in her body stretching and tearing her a little as I forced my cock in to the hilt. I began to fuck her with steady, long strokes not trying to hold back my cum. Her cries of pain never stopped but cries of orgasm began to come from her lips also as she began to enjoy my raping fuck of her little body. She started to orgasm and, once started, never stopped.

I was going for a cum and it would be a big one. I could feel my balls tighten and my cum was on a fast journey deep into Sylvie's body. I pounded into her as my orgasm came and I slammed into her hard with my cock throbbing inside her womb.

When I stopped cumming, I came around and gave her my cock to suck. She licked my cum and her cum off it along with a little bit of blood. She did the best she could and started moaning anew as Miranda was sucking and licking her pussy. She came two or three more times as she sucked my cock clean. She couldn't deep throat it. She could take but half, but she tried.

Tired, I lay back and listened to Miranda order Sylvie to eat out her pussy. I drifted off to sleep while listening to Miranda orgasm as Sylvie's mouth and hands did their work.

The next morning, I saw her sleeping between Miranda's legs. I looked down and saw that her little hand was in Miranda's pussy to the wrist which told me that she had been fist fucking Miranda during the night. That wasn't too surprising since that same pussy could take my cock balls deep with only minor difficulty. Her hand wiggled and Miranda moaned in passion.

They really woke up and I could tell Miranda was deciding what was in her body. She smiled and said, "Little Sylvie, you like to fist me?" Sylvie nodded shyly. "I bet I can fist you but I will wait until after Master takes your ass." Sylvie moaned at that revelation. She began to make Miranda moan as she moved her hand in her pussy. I got out of bed and began to clean up and dress for the day as Miranda found that she had another orgasm in her from Sylvie's hand working her pussy.

I left our suite because I wanted breakfast. I asked the first person I saw where the dining room was located. I went back inside and told Miranda where I was going ... As I arrived, the High Priest came in looking angered. I listened and figured out that he had not been happy with the other girl. She was to suffer the long death. The rest of my party straggled in and found out what was happening. Mason and the Angel girls paled. The other three of us just shrugged and ate breakfast. We had seen death before.

After breakfast, we went into the High Priest's chamber.
Chapter 4
Home | Top | Frank Speaks's Page |   Feedback to author


 
Home | Frank Speaks's Page « New Times Index « Previous
Chapter 4
Posted: February 13, 2012 - 07:33:49 pm

The High Priest was there along with a group of his hangers' on. He announced that the "little bitch" would die the long death. An assistant went about to gather everyone into the courtyard to watch. We were told that all our women would have to be there. Miranda and Red went to gather Sylvie and the two women who had been with Red and Mason the night before. They had returned to our rooms after breakfast.

When all were present, we went to the courtyard. On a platform was the High Priest and standing next to him was the other girl we had not chosen. She was naked, and three burly men were holding her. The girl was crying. When her fate was announced, she cried louder and tried to pull away from the three men. The crowd sort of gasped at the news. Sylvie buried her face in her hands and cried softly.

The girl was tied to a horizontal X frame face down. A long headless spear shaft was brought out with the end of the haft having been roughly sharpened. The piece of wood was about eight feet long. The girl was wiggling and crying as the shaft was carried vertically around the X frame. They stopped at her feet. By now, she was tiring and but was still crying weakly. The sharpened end of the shaft was placed in her ass and she began to scream anew from her fright. It couldn't be hurting that badly yet. It wasn't in far, so this had to be her fear taking hold. The shaft was slowly and carefully pushed into her body. She screamed and sobbed. At one point, she screeched as the shaft pushed through the wall of her intestine and then into her stomach. I was surprised that there was so little blood. She was now bleeding from the mouth and ass but only a little.

You could see the progression of the spear point as it went deeper into her body. Her body had gone rigid. The point was moved a little to find the tube to her stomach from her throat and then pushed on up causing her to gag repeatedly until it went up her throat and her head was lifted to allow the end to protrude from her mouth. It was pushed further until she could see the end sticky and red with her blood. It went in even further until the shaft could fit into slots at each end of the X frame. She couldn't move, just suffer and slowly die. The men backed away and left her there. Her cries and gagging were quiet since they were choked by the shaft protruding from her mouth.

After a few minutes, her hands were untied from the X frame and retied together above her head to the shaft. Her feet were treated the same way. A brazier was wheeled out and placed under her body. As the heat began to affect her, her muffled cries took a new note of despair. The shaft was slowly turned and she began to cook and finish dying. It increased her suffering but also ended it sooner than it might have without the brazier. Her skin bubbled and cooked. Her hair frazzled and her eyes seemed to pop out of her head. Her cries had long since stopped and I was convinced that she was dead. Sylvie and the girl who had been with Mason had both vomited as did a number of other girls as they watched the cruel suffering of the young girl. The smell of cooked flesh in the air was unpleasant. I had had enough and took my people back to our quarters. I told everyone to clean up and stay inside. Miranda and I went out to find out more information.

We quietly mingled as best we could. Miranda and I were both much taller than average which made it difficult for us to mingle without notice. Miranda had an additional problem because of the status of women within the Angels. We did overhear some talk which was not comforting. The killing of the young girl was not the first one but was part of a pattern. The High Priest had made people mad because he continued to take young girls to his bed whether or not they were willing and then had killed them or put them to death.

It also seemed the High Priest did not really mean for us to take an Angel expedition north. I was not totally surprised. High priests of religions usually know the truth of their religion and the talisman was not convincing to him even though he had given it his public acknowledgment.

After a couple of hours, we returned. All our people were gathered together. The woman with Red was named Marva and the one with Mason was called Jules. Like Sylvie, they were young though not as young or as inexperienced as Sylvie.

I took Red and Mason to one side along with Miranda letting the three young women entertain themselves for the moment.

Miranda said, "Why Mason?"

I answered, "It's time to find out where his loyalties lie. Mason, if you want to remain loyal to the High Priest, that's your choice and we will understand. If it is, then go play with the girls. On the other hand, you could be helpful though your High Priest will not like your decision, loyalty, or actions. What say you?"

"I will follow you. I was sickened by what was done to that poor girl. Jules says that few girls survive going to the High Priest for a night. The lucky ones are killed in his bedroom but the rest are tortured to death. That's wrong. It could have been Jules up there!"

I decided to accept him though his concern for his whore from last night was strange and, in my mind, misplaced. I let it ride. I said, "Okay, we need information. Red, you and Mason are the only two of us who can go out without automatically attracting undue attention. I want you to go out separately. We need to know the attitude of the people. What do they think of the High Priest? Will they support me with the talisman or their High Priest? What stories are there about any people or situations to the north."

Mason spoke up, "I can tell you that followers will be pretty evenly divided for the Angel nation. Those here in the city will be more likely to follow the talisman. The High Priest has sickened these people with his tortures and other excesses. The country folk, who don't have contact with the High Priest, will be more likely to follow him than you who they don't know. Here in the city, there will be many who no longer support the High Priest.

"There are a number of legends about the lands north of us. One legend has us coming from there. Another has us fighting off an invasion from there that established the Angels as a nation. The area is known for trouble and we have been invaded from the north and from the east in the past. The Vegans rarely bother us now because we are too strong for them. However, I understand that we still have to fight off continued incursions from the north.

"The area north of us is known as good farming land. It is our expansion area according to the priests. My home priest was always encouraging young men to volunteer to go up there to fight and farm. A few have but none ever returned. We are told that it's because the country up there is so good. I'm not so sure now. It appears the priests may be lying or were lied to."

Red said, "Let me change clothing before I go out. We'll report back around supper time."

After they left, Miranda sidled up to me and said, "Let's play with Sylvie some more. She needs her mind taken away from the death."

"Bring all three in and we'll play with all of them."

"I will let them decide. Sylvie will be there for sure." I headed toward the bedroom and Miranda went over to the three girls. When she opened the door, all three of them were with her. They came in and Miranda told them to strip. I had seen Sylvie's body which was quite good. Marva was a little bit taller and a couple of years older but in great physical shape. Jules was built a bit more lushly with larger breasts and wider hips though the difference was not great. All three girls were great looking and my cock lurched in my pants. Miranda stripped and her beautiful body overshadowed all three. Because of her height, she seemed larger than life compared to the other three. Miranda said, "Jules, remove Lem's pants. Marva, help her. Sylvie, kneel before me."

Sylvie quickly knelt before Miranda and began to tongue her pussy. The other two girls came over to the bed. Marva went to my pants to undo the waist while Jules began to remove my shoes. My boots came off and my pants went down. Marva and Jules gasped as they saw my cock spring up erect and ready.

"Suck it, Marva." I commanded. She knelt before me and started sucking my cock. She could take about eight inches before gagging helplessly on it. Jules came over and looked at it wide eyed. "Your turn, Jules. How much can you take?"

She knelt before me and took it in her hands. She opened her mouth wide and was able to take five inches in the first gulp. She then forced her lips down taking a good ten inches in her mouth and down her throat before having to come up for air. She didn't quit. Taking a deep breath, she pushed her head down on it popping the head into her throat quickly and taking most of the shaft leaving only a couple of inches in the open. I was impressed. That was more than most women could do even whores. She came back up wheezing with her eyes watering.

"That's easily the thickest and longest I've ever had." she said. She took another deep breath and took me again. This time, she pulled at my hips and managed to force my cock all the way into her mouth and throat until her nose was buried in my pubic hair. I held her there for a moment feeling her throat convulse on my length and girth. I then let her come back off it to swallow and breath. Marva's eyes were wide. She moved back into position but, after four tries, could only manage ten inches. It was still a very creditable effort.

I said, "I want to fuck."

Sylvie had given Miranda her first orgasm and came over and said, "You promised to take my ass. Please do it now. I want you in me to the balls."

"Marva, lick her ass to wet it for my cock. Jules, you need to get me wet with your mouth." I commanded. The two girls moved quickly to do my bidding.

A few minutes later, Sylvie lay on the bed on her stomach with her legs spread wide. I crouched on top of her and had Marva hold my cock to Sylvie's virgin seeming ass as I pushed into her rectum. She moaned as I started in My cock made a popping sound as the head went beyond her sphincter stretching it painfully. Her head popped up and she screamed softly. She was shuddering and moaning as I kept up the pressure and pushed more and more of my length into her ass. She started crying but never asked me to stop or slow down. I continued to slowly and steadily push my cock up her colon until my pubic hairs were firmly planted against her butt cheeks. Sylvie was breathing rapidly with the full feeling that she was experiencing. She told Miranda and me later that it was the most intense feeling she had ever had, even more than when I had fucked her pussy. Once fully in her ass, I began to rock in and out picking up speed and thrust length as I did. She continued to moan but those moans sounded both pained and pleasured as her ass became used to my huge intrusion. The pumping of my cock in and out of her stretched anal tract continued. She began to orgasm with her body shaking helplessly as I continued to fuck her little ass hard. She was receiving a good pounding now and was simply being carried along as her body orgasmed repeatedly and helplessly under mine.

"Shoot your cum in her butt! Fill that little ass full!" Miranda groaned as she took Jules hand in her pussy. "Fuck my puss with your hand, Bitch. Play with yourself, Marva."

I was getting close and my strokes increased in speed and length as Sylvie was pounded into the mattress. I could feel my balls tighten up and then I shot my load deep into her rectum spurting again and again into one of the tightest asses I had ever fully fucked. Finally, I pulled out and brought my cock with its coating of anal juices, cum, and blood to Jules to suck. As she began to suck it, I said, "Marva suck my cum from her ass and swallow every bit." Marva looked shocked but immediately did as she was told and pushed her tongue deep into Sylvie's distended hole licking and sucking with vigor.

It was an hour or two later that Mason and Red returned within five minutes of each other. Mason spoke first.

"I have relatives here and went by their house. The entire city is buzzing. The girl who was spitted and roasted this morning in the long death was the daughter of an important merchant. She had been seized a couple of days ago from her home without notice or reason. The merchant returned this afternoon to find his wife crazed with grief and his only child dead by horrible torture. More than ever, there are public rumblings against the High Priest and his actions. I heard one man ask, 'If the daughters of important citizens are not safe, is anyone?' There were many who were agreeing with his sentiment. No word on what the merchant may be planning, if anything. I also heard that problems from the north have been getting worse over the last two or three months." He added, "We don't hear any of this in my village."

Red said, "I heard similar talk as to peoples' safety. That merchant is planning to do something about the High Priest. Killing the man's daughter was not a good idea. I get the sense that the High Priest doesn't realize the seriousness of his problem yet. From what I heard, Mason doesn't go far enough with his thinking. There will be an uprising I took it on myself to add a little fuel to the fire saying that the High Priest intends to ignore the talisman and that those who brought it are at risk. I figured it would not hurt us and won't make his position any safer. I didn't like his killing that girl this morning. Marva told me before I left that killing his servant girls in one manner or another is a regular occurrence. We can bring one of the other two into the conversation to check.

"I also found out that Mason is right about attacks from the north. The lack of response from the High Priest on this issue is also undermining his position." Miranda rose then and went after Sylvie. She brought her before us still naked.

"Sylvie, did you fear being killed by the High Priest?" I asked.

"Yes, Master," she responded, "he has killed every girl who has gone with him for a night for almost a year now. If you had not chosen me, I might have been spitted instead and would certainly have been killed. Thank you for picking me. I feel sorry for Bela. She could not have done anything to so anger the High Priest on purpose nor would have any of the other girls." She fell to my feet weeping.

"Okay, Folks, I think our course is clear. We will support quietly those against the High Priest. Even if there was no other reason, it would be best for our survival." Everyone's head nodded. "That's settled. What should we do?"

"Right now, let's get some supper. After I eat, I'll go back out." Red said.

"I will take Jules and we will get meals for all of us along with wine. We can eat in here. That is usual after a hard execution I was told." Mason offered. Jules nodded in agreement.

"Good." I said. "Go now or as soon as you and Jules are ready." Mason had Jules put on some clothing and they left. In fifteen minutes, they were back with food for us all. After eating, Red said, "I'm going to head out. Marva, you are available while I'm gone but be clean for me when I return." Red left.

Marva stood and stripped. Jules looked at her for a moment and began to strip quickly followed by Sylvie. Miranda and I stood and removed our clothing. Mason saw the size of my erection and his eyes widened. "I didn't know anyone could have a cock that big!" He exclaimed.

I chuckled, "It just grew there. Your lady friend is quite talented. Only three others have ever been able to do this. Come here, Jules."

She came over to me and knelt down before me. She took my cock in her hands and began to suck it. On the third time of licking, she took a deep breath and pulled my hips to force my cock all the way down her throat until I was buried in her esophagus and reacting to the convulsions of her throat around my cock. She came up smiling. Mason was smiling, too, as he beckoned her to him. She sucked him to the root easily. He began to fuck her face with his cock. Miranda took her place and lodged my cock deep down her throat. Sylvie lay down on her back and scooted underneath Miranda to lick her pussy. Marva came behind Mason and started to rim his ass hole.

"Marva, that feels wonderful!" Mason exclaimed. "Suck my cock, Jules!" The two girls worked his cock and butt until he came down Jules' throat. I was enjoying Miranda's warm mouth and throat as she seemed to be able to take my length and girth with ease compared to any other woman even Jules. When Mason stepped away, the two girls kissed each other sharing the contents of their mouths willingly.

Miranda came off my cock and said, "Fuck my pussy, Lem! Fuck me hard!" She rolled off Sylvie and lay on her back beside her as I got between her legs pulling them up on my shoulders. Sylvie reached down and put my cock in place and I shoved it home in Miranda's pussy making her howl as I went in to the root hard and strong. I immediately started a strong fucking motion in and out pounding her pussy as deeply and hard as I could.

"'Sylvie, feed me your pussy!" Miranda moaned as I pounded her as hard as I could. Sylvie straddled her head and lowered her pussy onto Miranda's face and began to moan as she felt Miranda's tongue go deep into her little body. I didn't try to hold back and soon flooded Miranda's pussy with my load of cum. I pulled out and Jules fastened her mouth on my wilting erection and Marva was licking my cum from Miranda's oozing pussy. Marva pushed fingers into Miranda and added more until she was fisting that pussy. Miranda was moaning into Sylvie's pussy as she and Sylvie came and came until they were too tired to continue. Marva left her hand in Miranda while Sylvie collapsed over to her side.

"That was hot!" Mason said as we lay there recovering our breath.

I nodded. Half an hour later, Sylvie was sucking my cock trying to get me hard. She was taking it deep into her throat though a few inches remained outside her lips. I was reacting by hardening which forced me down her throat even further. She was coming just from that feeling.

Red came in to report. He sat down next to me on the couch after dropping his pants. Marva moved over and began to suck him down her throat. "The High Priest is in worse trouble than we had thought. The merchant is named Tomas. He has collected a fair sized army and they have fought off an attack from the High Priest's men already. I believe that tomorrow will be pivotal. Either the High Priest breaks them or they will take over tomorrow or the next day." He tapped Marva's forehead and she lifted up. "Turn around, Girl, and sit on it. I want your ass."

Marva did as he requested taking him into her ass with little trouble grunting when the head popped by her sphincter and again when he bottomed out. They moved together until he shot his load deep into her. He gently pushed her off and onto the floor. I motioned to Sylvie to his cock and she vacuumed him clean with her mouth and then moved to Marva's ass sucking Red's cum from her hole.

We all lay back taking it easy. I had wilted a little while I had Sylvie suck Red and Marva and no one took her place. Finally, I stood, stretched, and yawned. "Time for bed for me." I headed into the bedroom that I had been sharing with Miranda and Sylvie. They joined me soon after. Sylvie sucked on Miranda's pussy and my cock moving languidly from one to the other just making us feel good and not trying to get either of us off. Finally, Miranda mounted me in the reverse cowgirl position and took my cock into her ass groaning as it went in balls deep. Sylvie moved to suck her pussy and I gently pumped until Miranda and I reached our cums while Sylvie sucked the juices from her pussy. Miranda lay back on me while Sylvie licked us clean. When my cock fell out, she sucked me for a bit to be sure I was clean and then got between Miranda's legs as she rolled to her stomach and sucked any remaining cum from her ass. I went to sleep.

I woke up to Miranda moaning next to me. I looked down and saw Sylvie licking and sucking her pussy. I got hard and rose up as gently as I could and went behind Sylvie as she lay on her stomach with her backside elevated. I mentally flipped a coin and pushed hard and lodged my cock about four or five inches into her ass. She howled into Miranda's pussy. I looked up and saw Miranda grin. She had seen what I was doing. I pushed further in and fucked Sylvie's ass deeply and steadily just letting the feeling go until I shot my load while buried all the way in her ass.

I stayed buried in her butt. After a moment, I felt the need to pee and just let it go into her bowels with a satisfying "Ahh" from my throat. Sylvie groaned as my hot piss went up into her bowels. She would have risen but Miranda held her head and I held her hips until I finished my piss. I then pulled out and went for a bath. The two joined me about a minute later. Sylvie walked with a waddle as she had her hand cupping her ass trying to hold my piss and cum inside until she could sit on the chamber pot and let it go.

They each picked a side and lay in the bathing tub on each side of me. Sylvie looked at me and smiled hesitantly. "That was mean. It burned going in my ass and made walking almost impossible."

Miranda grinned fiendishly, "Perhaps you should get Marva or Jules to come suck you next time." We all laughed lightly.

Red's prediction was correct. Apparently, both the High Priest and Tomas had made the same determinations. Both attacked and the fighting was furious. We stayed in our apartment waiting for results. Both Red and Mason were willing to go out and investigate but I said that we would just wait for developments. We all sat tight waiting all day. It was late in the afternoon when there was a loud knocking on our door. Red and I went to the door with me in front and Red behind the door. I was holding the talisman in one hand with my sword in the other. Red opened the door with an arrow ready to shoot through the crack between the door and the jam.

The man saw the talisman in my hand and bowed. "I have come to the right place." He said. "I am here from Tomas. The High Priest is dead. We are trying to deal with the changes. Tomas would like to know more about your message. Would you come with me?"

"What about my people?"

"They may remain here in safety."

"Okay. Miranda, come with me. The rest of you stay here." Miranda and I left with Red in charge of our people.
Chapter 5
Home | Top | Frank Speaks's Page |   Feedback to author


 
Home | Frank Speaks's Page « New Times Index « Previous
Chapter 5
Posted: February 27, 2012 - 06:31:41 pm

We followed the young guard who led us to the old throne room of the High Priest. The main chair on the dais was empty and there looked to be blood stains on it. Tomas stood up from one of the chairs that were around a table placed at floor level and greeted me politely.

"I would like to work with you but am not sure what that will mean. Please, sit down and talk with me about your mission."

I sat down with him at the table and I went over the story we had told before. He was listening. Finally, he said, "What happens if we don't support you or if you are not successful?"

"I don't know the details but, according to the old witch, we and everyone else will all die. She seemed pretty sure and her other predictions have come true. Those others got my attention sufficiently to get me on this trip. I guess I believe her though I don't want to. You'll have to make your own decision." I sat back and waited.

Tomas thought for a minute before replying. "Let's go over what you are requesting and figure out what we should and can do. If I understand correctly, a moderately large force will be needed to beat the other group. Since they have been causing us trouble, it makes sense to support you in this endeavor regardless. We have suffered from them and that is our natural direction for expansion. At the same time, a new High Priest will need to be selected and take office. This will all take time. I think we should get you underway before that with a Century. Is that enough men?"

"Yes. At least, I hope so." I continued, "I wasn't given a time, just told to get about it. I will be supportive just let me know how I can help."

"I wil. I'm not sure how quickly a Century can be made available. I will be in touchl. There is dinner available if you and your people want it."

"Thank you. We hadn't eaten while the fighting was going on." Miranda and I left for the dining area and gathered plates and food and drink for all seven of us. We returned to our suite without any problem.

I guess I should explain about servants and slaves and about women, particularly with the Angels. Slavery is fairly common in all the lands as are servants. Servants aren't necessarily slaves but are dependent upon the employer/master for almost everything. There was little real difference except a servant was technically able to pick up and leave. In reality, it didn't happen in the Angel territory. Sex was freely available, sometimes for free and sometimes for pay. Miranda was exceptional for her status in any of the nations. Most women not mated either became servants or slaves. Few made their way in the world on their own with any degree of success. Marriage or mating was not uncommon and ran in families. Women who had married or mated mothers frequently became mates or wives because they were raised to be that way. Many other women found sex early and wound up differently liking the variety. Many people, men and women, liked the carefree, easy attitude of slavery or servanthood because they were cared for and didn't have to make decisions. There were risks because their fate could be affected by the whims of the master.

All three of our girls were naked along with Red and Mason when we entered with food. After dinner, Miranda and I stood and stripped off. My cock was about half hard and beginning to bob a bit. Miranda was her usual horny self She grabbed Sylvie and pulled her mouth to her pussy as she sat at a couch. Sylvie began licking and sucking immediately. Marva came over to me and began to suck my cock trying to swallow its entire length. She was taking me all the way in as I hardened. When I was fully hard, she had been getting used to it and was able to take me all the way in her mouth with the exception of about one inch.

Red and Mason had moved on Jules. Mason took her pussy with her riding him cowgirl style. Red pushed her forward and took her ass. She moaned loudly when he popped through her sphincter and went in all the way.

I was using Marva's mouth and throat as a masturbatory tool. Her feelings and pleasure didn't matter at the moment. She was being face fucked hard until I came down her throat. I pulled part way out to let her breathe and shot a couple or three more spurts into her mouth. When I pulled out, she had licked and sucked every drop from my cock leaving it shiny and clean of my spunk. She looked up teary eyed from her throat fuck and hoarsely said, "Thank you. That was awesome!"

Miranda had come thanks to Sylvie who had cum also just from her mistress filling her mouth with girl cum.

Red shot a load into Jules' hot ass and then rolled off. Mason went just a moment longer and filled her pussy with a load of spunk. She rolled off him and sucked both in turn into her mouth to clean their cocks.

We all lay back tired from our exertions.

Marva had snuggled up next to me and Miranda. Casually, I asked, "Marva, tell me about your life."

She looked surprised and then said, "I was born in this building. My mother thought one of the priests was my father though she had no idea which one it might be. She enjoyed every one who wanted her and many did. When I was twelve and experienced with my mouth and ass, she volunteered me for the ritual deflowering. She went up with me."

I heard Sylvie gasp. I asked, "What does that mean?"

Marva answered, "You aren't an Angel so I guess you wouldn't know. If a young girl goes for a ritual deflowering, she is accompanied. It is supposed to be her first vaginal fuck. Therefore, there should be some bleeding from the broken hymen. In case the hymen has already been broken, the one accompanying her is deflowered with a sword, spear, or ax. Usually, it is an animal or a slave accompanying the young girl.

"Mother had not been feeling well for some time. She was feeling pain and it was becoming worse. One of the medicine men had told her she had a mass growing in her body that would kill her very soon. She went with me knowing that she might not return from the dais alive. She was right. I had never been penetrated in my cunt before and, though there was considerable pain, there was no blood just cum from the priest who fucked my pussy. He withdrew and showed his cock with no blood on it. Mother bowed her head and then stripped off her gown. She went to her hands and knees facing away from the crowd. She said them she wanted the ax." At that, Sylvie gasped again. "The ax was brought out by its wielder. He was almost as tall as you, Lem, but heavier to swing such a heavy tool. He straddled her facing the crowd and raised his ax above his head. I had to give the command and, crying, I told him to strike. He swung the ax down between his legs and into my mother's ass and pussy splitting them up about six or eight inches. Her head popped up when the blade went into her body and she screamed horribly. She collapsed forward dying as blood gushed out of the lower half of her body. She looked up at me and told me to tell him to finish it. I told him. He stepped around to her side and removed her head with a single stroke. When he held her head up by her hair, I was surprised to see a slight smile on her lips. I knew that she knew that she would have no more pain from her illness and that her sacrifice made my deflowering a truly significant event. After that, I was gang banged by anyone there who wanted me which was normal and there were many, sometimes two or three at a time. When it stopped, her body had been removed and the blood cleaned up. I continued to be a slave in the High Priest's palace until chosen for duty with Red. I hope you will keep me." She looked at Red and smiled.

Miranda said, "I knew that things like that happened here but had never heard it from a witness to know it to be true." She looked over at Sylvie, "What is your story?"

"I didn't grow up here. My parents were traders and were in this city when they fell on hard times. I was thirteen and was part of the discussion. I agreed to be sold for ten years to give them a stake. If I am alive at the end of my term, I go free. I have been a sexual toy for the whole time I have been here. I was bought by one of the priests and lodged here. He was the first to have my mouth and I learned to please men and women that way. Few had used my cunt or ass regularly until you, Lem. I want to stay with you though I will be free in eight more years. Many term servantts in the High Priest's palace were sacrificed when nearing the end of their terms."

"Was this permitted?" I asked.

"Oh, yes. Until the day the term ends, you are the absolute property of the owner. Some of my friends have extended their terms to try to stay alive. It worked about half the time. I don't know anyone in the palace who completed their term and was freed."

Miranda said, "You may remain with us until you have completed your term alive. Then, you can make your choice." I nodded.

Jules said, "My story is different. Mason, put your cock in my ass and fuck me while I tell my story." Mason lay behind her and pushed into her ass. Once he was fully in and had fucked her a couple of strokes, she began her story, "I was born a slave to a slave mother. I have no idea who fathered me. It wasn't important to my mother and I never cared. She was fucked by everyone and was always willing. As far as I know, she still is to this day. She started me on sex early with sucking the cum from her pussy and ass. As soon as my mouth was big enough, she had me sucking cocks to clean them after they took one of her holes or those of her friends. She had and has no limits. She loves to be whipped. I began to get ass fucked before I was ten years old and my pussy was opened soon after. She tells me that I was born to take cock in every hole and to suck pussy and ass. I have to admit that I love sex but then I don't know anything else. It's what I do.

"Since I was opened at an early age, there was no ritual deflowering for me. I'm just lucky that no priest's daughter chose me to accompany her for the ritual. It could have happened and I could not have stopped it. I like Mason and hope you will keep me with you. With the death of the High Priest and many under priests, it is unlikely that anyone knows I am here. Sylvie, you and Marva are in the same situation. If you will keep us, we should be okay." She grunted as Mason sped up his stroking in and out of her ass. He was now going for a cum and she was helping. Mason and Jules came together with his cum flooding her anal tract and her juices almost squirting out of her pussy.

We went to bed, Miranda and I, with Sylvie. Miranda and Sylvie went into a sixty-nine and I scooted behind Miranda and pushed my length into her ass. We weren't going crazy for our orgasms, just riding a wave of pleasure. After my cum, I rolled to my side with Miranda and we went to sleep with my cock still lodged in her ass.

The next morning, I woke feeling a rocking motion. As I woke, I realized my cock was in an ass and was hardening as that body rocked while we were lying spoon fashion. I became fully hard and more active finally slamming into the buttocks of Miranda I had determined. I didn't know where Sylvie was but, at the moment, didn't care. Miranda was responding to my fucking of her ass actively and we were on a fast journey to a mutual orgasm. I pushed in and she pushed back taking my cock all the way into her ass and we came together. My cock throbbed in her ass as the walls of her ass convulsed on my cock. Sex with Miranda was always good but this was one of the best. We relaxed together until my softening cock finally slid out of her warm ass.

"That's a nice way to wake up," she murmured to me.

"Yes, I could do that a lot." I answered.

Sylvie came in with hot coffee for us looking quite happy. "Good morning." she said.

We responded similarly and took our coffees. She had a cup for herself and joined us on the bed as we all carefully held the cups and drank. We finished our coffee and rose up and went into the bathing area to get ready to face the day.

When I came into the main room, there was a man waiting. He said, "I am Georg and work for Tomas. He requests that you join him at your convenience."

Miranda came out and I said, "Tomas would like to see us. Please join me." She nodded. "Sylvie, stay here. When they get up, tell Red and the rest where we have gone." She nodded and sat down folding her hands in her lap. Miranda and I left with Georg.

Tomas was in the dining room seated at a table eating and working. I joined him with Miranda at my side. He looked up, "If you haven't eaten, Georg will arrange for something to be brought." I smiled to Georg and nodded as did Miranda.

The food along with coffee came quickly and we began to eat. As we ate, Tomas said, "I asked you to come as I have decided that your mission is too important to wait and have figured a way to start it moving. We will arrange for you to go with our active assistance. We also have needs here. I am concerned about the priests. We cannot change beliefs quickly though the High Priest's actions have headed many of us in that direction. However, your talisman predates the establishment of the Angels according to our legends. I think that's why the High Priest was against you."

"I understand your situation. What is your plan?"

"My thinking was and still is to give you a Century. There is one available and the men in it are trained and experienced in fighting up north. The other Centuries who are here in the city are more police in training and will stay here. If you need more people, you can send for them. It's a compromise but gives you the best group possible and, hopefully, they will be enough."

"Actually, that sounds reasonable. A trained, experienced Century is a formidable force. We are now seven though some are not fighters but include persons under our protection." I looked at Miranda as I said "our."

Tomas nodded. "I know about the three young women and they will be considered yours and no claim made upon them. The young man is a free person and can make up his own mind. I would like for you to start out tomorrow unless you want to plan differently. You can meet your troops this afternoon and pack. Draw horses and supplies as needed from the stores here at the palace. You," he continued looking at Miranda, "are different from any woman I have ever met or heard of in my life. You are a free companion of The Holder?"

"Yes, Tomas. And I appreciate your compliment. Lem is probably the only man who can beat me in a fair fight. I go with him freely and willingly."

I said, "Yes, Tomas. It's true. Miranda is a free person quite able to take care of herself and is a full partner in our journey. Thank you for the Century. We will meet with them today."

"You are welcome. That bastard should not have killed much less tortured my daughter. It's too bad he's not alive to be made to die the same way."

"At least he's dead." I offered.

"Yes, and by his own men who then committed suicide rather than be caught by us."

Miranda and I took our leave to return to our group with the news and then have lunch. After lunch, I would meet the one hundred men of the Century. There would be at least that many more who would follow them. The followers were mostly women who provided sex and cooked and cleaned for the men of the Century.

We came into our suite and I said, "Gather around and hear the news." Marva had been getting butt fucked by Red when we came in and they disengaged long enough to move closer. Red pushed her face into his lap and she inhaled his cock. Mason and Jules came in from their bedroom. She was naked. Sylvie came in from ours also naked.

When they were all seated, I said, "We have met with Tomas. We discussed a number of things. First, he recognizes all of you as part of this party. Mason, he said it's your choice. He understood that the three of you girls are under our protection and is okay with that. Second, we will probably leave tomorrow morning headed north. He is providing an experienced Century to go with us. I think that is enough men. From what we have heard, the raids from the north are small groups and a Century should be sufficient to cow most of them. We'll see.

"Girls, it's up to you whether or not you will come with us. It will not be an easy trip but we will try to arrange for your safety if you stay."

Sylvie spoke up, "Master Lem, Mistress Miranda, I will go with you no matter where you go or what hardships there might be." She went to Miranda and knelt before her hugging her legs.

Marva said, "I will go with Red if he will have me."

Jules looked at Mason and said, "I want to stay with you."

Mason said, "I want to go. According to the old witch who sent you, we will all die if we don't do something. I would like to be part of a try if nothing else."

Red said, "Then it's settled. We will be seven on the road. Lem, I hope you know what you're doing."

I chuckled, "I do,. too. If nothing else, it should be interesting."

Miranda said, "We have until after lunch before we go meet our Century. Sylvie, do my pussy." Sylvie was at her knees before Miranda so only had to unfasten her shorts and pull them off her hips. She tossed them to the side. Miranda scooted forward and Sylvie dipped her head to begin tonguing her pussy. I dropped my pants and moved behind Sylvie and eased my cock into her pussy pushing until it was balls deep. Her moan into Miranda's pussy was deep and heartfelt.

Marva bounced more vigorously on Red's lap sucking him deeply while Jules knelt before Mason who fed her his cock. She accepted it all the way into her mouth and throat until her nose was mashed into his pubic hair.

I began to ram Sylvie's pelvis as we all went for our cums. Miranda began to squeeze her nipples, stroking her breasts and twisting on those nipples every time one of her hands came to the end of her breasts. She came first flooding Sylvie's mouth with her essence. Marva was next with Red's cock now in her ass and coming as he pounded up into her and she slammed her butt cheeks down on his lap. Red filled her ass with cum and Mason gave Jules his cum down her throat at the same time. I continued to relentlessly pound into Sylvie's pussy as she tightened convulsively in the throes of her own orgasm from Miranda's juices and my cock deep in her petite body. She raised her head and screamed her climax and I filled her pussy with my thick cum.

We all lay back and later went into the public dining area for lunch after everyone cleaned up and put on clothes. It was different seeing the girls with clothes, not that they were overdressed. Sylvie was wearing a tunic that fit her slim body tightly with an extremely short skirt that gave evidence as she walked that there was nothing being worn under it. Jules wore a short gown that was gossamer thin but did cover her. Her nipples and pussy could both be seen. Marva was wearing a breech clout and an open vest. The clout had nothing under it and was short while the vest would not close in front making Marva the most obviously exposed of the three. Miranda was, as usual, wearing shorts that were tight with a loose shirt that allowed her firm breasts to move as she walked. When she was in that outfit, I couldn't decide whether I wanted to watch her come toward me or walk away. Either was sexually exciting. Miranda was the only woman in our party who was armed.

After lunch, we went back to our quarters, Mason would stay with the girls while Red and Miranda would accompany me to meet the Century. We found them at ease at their barracks packing their gear. As we came up, a low jeer went up at seeing Miranda. She did not like that as she was a proud woman albeit an extremely beautiful and sexy one. She stood with her hands on her hips and her legs spread. "Which one of you 'boys' think you can take me?"

One stood up slowly and came forward. He was, at six feet tall, just a little taller than she but many pounds heavier. He was quite muscular. He grinned, "I bet you will be a fun piece of tail to fuck."

She said, "You will have to beat me barehanded first." He grinned and came forward. Miranda let him come close and then threw him over her shoulder to the ground. "Nice try," she said, "but it will take a lot more than that."

He didn't grin this time but came forward rushing. It was the same result. When he got up this time, he was mad but cautious. He came in more carefully but it didn't matter. They feinted for a few seconds and then he went over again. He stayed down this time looking up at her.

"Okay, girlie," he said, "you're tough and a good fighter." He looked over at me, 'Can you take her?"

I chuckled, "I think so but I'm not anxious to try."

"Yeah," he said, "I understand." Looking at Miranda, he said, "You're a beautiful woman. You will be worth following. I'm Jerry, one of the Fives for this Century."

"Jerry, it's good to meet you and the rest. You've met Miranda." I smiled. "This is Red and I'm Lem Jones. Get up and let's go see your Centurion. By the way, you aren't in trouble."

"Thank you." He said and Miranda gave him hand up. They shook hands. He grinned again, "You sure are beautiful to be so tough, Miranda."

He led us to the Centurion. "This is Joseph, our Centurion. Joseph, this is Lem, Red, and Miranda."

The Centurion stood and said, "Tomas said you would be by this afternoon. I understand you will lead us to the north. I have fought them before. They don't like to fight real battles. They are more raiders than anything else."

"Let's look over your men. We will head out tomorrow after an early breakfast."

"Very well, L-lem. You have met my senior Five, Jerry. The other four are Jim, Earl, Peter, and David. Like Jerry, they are good men and have some experience with me in fighting the northern raiders. They call themselves the Sur's. I don't know why."

"It won't matter if they're dead. We have to stop them from uncovering some old icons that could kill us all. I don't know exactly what I'm looking for either which doesn't make it easy. We will have to travel a bit slower as this is not a punitive raid to just stop them though we will try to have some effect on their raiding, too."

"Who leads your scouts?" Red asked.

"David. He and his men are good. I usually place them on point spread in teams of two." Joseph said.

"Good," I said, "Red will work with them. Miranda will stay with me. We also have three servant girls who will also be with us. We'll have a wagon which Mason, who has joined us, will drive. Miranda, Red, and I will be horsed. The servant girls will ride with Mason in the wagon."

We met the rest of the Fives and a good number of the men. Jerry made sure all of the men and the other Fives understood Miranda's status and ability. We would meet immediately after breakfast and head north. We left returning to our quarters for the remainder of the afternoon and evening.
Chapter 6
Home | Top | Frank Speaks's Page |   Feedback to author


 
Home | Frank Speaks's Page « New Times Index « Previous
Chapter 6
Posted: February 28, 2012 - 03:46:27 pm

We entered the room and all three of the girls were kneeling naked waiting for us. Mason was seated in a chair smiling. Miranda came to Sylvie and pulled her to her feet and they went into our bedroom. As they entered, she said, "Lem, join us. I want you in my ass while Sylvie sucks my pussy."

I grinned and headed that way. Red grabbed Marva and Jules bringing them over where Mason was sitting. "Mount him, Jules. I going to take your ass. Marva, Mason will eat your pussy while Jules tongues your ass." I went into the bedroom leaving the door open and heard the groans as Jules assumed her position and Red entered her ass. I looked at the bed and Miranda was on top of Sylvie in the sixty-nine position with her fantastic ass toward me. I dropped my pants and came to her. My cock was hard from looking at the two of them and from hearing Red directing the rest. I pushed into Miranda's ass hard taking her deep and letting my balls bang off Sylvie's head. Miranda moaned loudly at the intrusion as my size filled her ass. I began to pump my cock in and out of her ass not sparing her body just ramming her repeatedly going for my cum.

I came hard into her ass and she squealed as Sylvie's and my efforts brought her to a massive orgasm. When I pulled out, Sylvie's warm mouth engulfed me to suck me clean. When I moved back to lay next to them on the bed, she sucked my cum from Miranda's ass and then licked her pussy some more before Miranda rolled away. We lay there exhausted for the moment as the sounds of orgasms could be heard from those in the living area.

After a short rest, we prepared for our trip on the next day until time for supper. We all dressed and went to the communal dining area and ate there. When finished eating, we started to return to our quarters.

On leaving the dining area, we were accosted by two men with swords. I was in front and armed only with my long knife or short sword depending upon what you wanted to call it. I pushed the others behind and then ducked as one swung his sword trying to take off my head. I grabbed his sword hand and knifed him leaving the blade in his body. I took his sword and faced the other. I was in no mode for a protracted fight and clashed blades only once before running him through the heart. He fell dead to join his companion.

"Does anyone know who they were?" I asked.

Red spoke up, "Yes, Lem, they were supporters of the High Priest close to his level in their hierarchy. They won't be missed."

Marva spit on the face of the one I knifed. "Their deaths were too quick to make their victims happy." We went on and entered our quarters. I shut and barred the door for the night.

As I was doing that, our three girls all stripped, getting ready for the night's festivities. My cock hardened and it seemed Mason and Red hardened, too. Miranda stepped forward, lifting her short skirt exposing her pussy, and pulled Jules' face into her pussy hard. Red came up behind Miranda and whispered in her ear loud enough to be heard saying, "I want your ass." Miranda nodded and he pushed his cock into her ass as she spread her legs a bit to make it easier.

Marva came to me and said, "I want to try your cock in my holes."

"What about Mason?" I asked.

"I will suck him dry while you fuck her holes." Sylvie said. Mason and I nodded. He sat in a chair and she knelt before him taking his cock into her mouth and sucking it deep. Marva came behind her and began to tongue her pussy. I dropped down behind her after removing my pants and pushed my cock half way into her pussy making her groan in Sylvie's pussy.

I began to push deeper trying to bury it in her body. She moaned louder with pain and pleasure as her pussy expanded to take my length and thickness. With about three inches to go, I felt my cock find her cervix. "More," she wailed coming off Sylvie's pussy for a moment. I pushed harder and the head popped into her womb causing her to scream.

Her pussy was convulsing around my cock as I held still and let her adjust. When I started moving, she whimpered as I moved. Her body was pulled back and forth as I moved in her. Sylvie was enjoying the vibrations of Marva's mouth as her pussy was sucked. I began to move faster and further making her cry out loudly even with her mouth full on Sylvie's pussy. Mason came down Sylvie's throat and she swallowed every drop directly into her stomach. When he pulled back, she continued to kiss the head and moan as Marva continued to suck and lick her pussy as deeply as she could I thrust balls deep in her stretched pussy. She came helplessly sagging down on my hard length.

"Do you still want me in your ass, too?" I asked her holding myself deep in her pussy.

"Yes," she gasped, "please, do my ass, too."

I pulled out of her pussy with a sucking sound and she went closer to the floor. I lifted her a little aligning the bud of her ass with my cock and pushed hard. The head of my cock came to her sphincter and popped in. Marva screamed in pain and I held still waiting for her to become used to me in her ass although it was just the head. Gripping her hips tightly, I pulled her onto my cock impaling her ass as she groaned to the pain of her ass hole stretching. Her sphincter muscle was white with the strain, it was so stretched. I continued to push into her ass sodomizing her deeper and deeper until I finally was in all the way. She was shuddering and her ass was convulsing on my cock. I now began to move in her rectum watching as her sphincter pulled out and pushed back in with my motions. She groaned and moaned as I moved faster. She was coming again and again without pause. I began to pound my hard cock in and out of her ass stretching and moving her intestines around with my length. She was unable to talk just moaning as I got closer to my cum. Finally, I erupted into her ass driving my load deep into her body and causing her to scream out repeatedly. She sagged down unconscious and I pulled out as my cock softened.

Jules went to her and cradled her head in her lap as she lay totally exhausted and out of it. Finally, she returned to consciousness and rolled over wincing as her reddened ass touched the floor. "That was intense." She murmured. She smiled, "When I have recovered, I want to do it again." Everyone looked at her in surprise.

Miranda said, "It's awesome to be fucked by a cock that big and fucked that hard. I love it." Marva and Sylvie both nodded with slight smiles.

Jules said, "It does go in a long, long way. It hurts so good."

We didn't do anything until it was time for sleep. I retired into my bedroom where Miranda and Sylvie joined me. Sylvie asked, "Weren't you a bit hard on Marva?"

Miranda answered before I could saying, "That's what she wanted. Lem will pound you into submission if you ask him to. I love that long, hard, thick cock reaming me. You loved it when he first took your holes, too."

Sylvie smiled, "Yes, that's true and I would do it all over again any time he wants to do me that way."

We went to bed sleeping spoon style with Sylvie backed up against my stomach and my cock pushed between her legs I woke in the morning to her blowing my cock trying to swallow me completely as I hardened in her throat. The last inch still defeated her but I let her have my load which she swallowed. I was awake and said, "Unless you want to drink my piss, you had better let me get up and go to the pot." She pulled off me slowly releasing my cock to the air. I got up to piss and bathe. I was soon joined by Sylvie and Miranda in the bathing pool. We played a little and then cleaned up, dressed, and went out to face the day and the rest of our party. We all were up and went to breakfast.

Tomas was there. He said, "I heard you had a little excitement after supper last night with two of the former high priest's lackeys."

"Yes," I replied, "they weren't much of a challenge though."

"Good, we had wondered what happened to them. There are two still at large. They are to be killed on sight. All of that corrupt regime needs to be gone from the Angels."

"They didn't leave me much choice but I'm glad it's okay with you."

"It was and is. Keep the talisman with you when you leave. I don't know if it has any magical properties but you will need them if they exist and I don't need the distraction."

"Very well. That's what the witch told me to do." We all ate and returned to our rooms loading our stuff ready to leave.

Jerry came to the door a few minutes later. "Are you ready/" he asked.

"Yes, let's go." I replied. We left for the Century and our wagon and horses. We loaded the wagon with our goods and the girls and everyone set out.

Joseph knew what he was doing with point guards before us and to both sides. He also had a small rear guard. We didn't expect trouble for today and probably not tomorrow but quiet times are the times to prepare and get into a routine that will maintain safety when situations and circumstances require it.

We traveled all that day and the next without incident. That night, we camped on the edge of acknowledged Angel territory. There had been raids in this area. We posted guards and checked them often. The night passed quietly. With all the sexual activity we had had over the past few days, it was now quiet by comparison. The Century had its camp followers including women that doubled our number. It did relieve the men of the Century of the chores of cooking and making camp and gave them an outlet for sex. On both nights, I slept with Miranda and Sylvie and enjoyed their bodies. We tried to stay quiet with some success.

The next morning, we left Angel territory for an area that was undefined. It was neither that of the Angels nor anyone else at this time. Raiders were known in this area and there had been many skirmishes. The Century had been up here for six months without noticeable success in stopping the raids completely. Now, we just wanted to move through and stayed together making us too big for casual raiders to try an attack. We went through the day without incident though Miranda, Red, and I all itched between our shoulders. We were being observed.

When we stopped for supper and the night, I went to Red. "Red, should we scout out the observers or hope that our numbers discourage them?"

"I think I will take a stroll tonight with my bow. Have our party shielded from an arrow attack. An attack willl come. If not tonight, then soon. I will try to discourage them some later tonight."

"Okay. Do you want me or Miranda to join you?"

"No. You're both good but I would rather you be in reserve for this. If I get lucky, I'll bring in a prisoner to question. I'm not going to take any chances though. Watch the women. They are the best looking and are an easier seeming target. David tells me that the raiders try to take women."

"Okay. Let me know when you leave. Tell Marva to stay with Mason and Jules with a roll for you in case someone is counting heads."

"Good idea. I will do both."

After we had eaten and a couple of hours had passed, he crawled over and said, "They're ready and under the wagon. You should be, too. See you in the morning. If I call 'tree, ' that means an attack is coming."

"Okay. Be careful."

He nodded and left a few minutes later. I took Miranda and Sylvie and we went under the wagon joining Marva, Jules, and Mason. Mason had followed instructions and made blanket rolls that were vulnerable while he and the two girls were safe under cover. We three did the same. No sex tonight. Miranda and I took turns watching from cover. All was quiet that night.

Just after daylight, Red appeared. I said, "Hi. You okay?"

"Yes. I killed two and have a prisoner. I will bring him in an about an hour. We were right. We are being watched and they're good, just not good enough. Let me sleep for an hour." I nodded and he lay down next to Marva.

An hour later, I woke him. He nodded and then scooted off to one side of our camp. Ten minutes later, he came back with a youngish man of about twenty years who had his hands tied behind his back and a gag in his mouth.
Chapter 7
Home | Top | Frank Speaks's Page |   Feedback to author


 
Home | Frank Speaks's Page « New Times Index « Previous
Chapter 7
Posted: March 05, 2012 - 10:33:37 am

As Red came up to us, he said, "Meet Harry. He's a Sur. He doesn't know it yet, but he wants to talk to us." We pulled him under the wagon to keep any of his friends from seeing him. Miranda looked at him and said, "There's two ways we can do this. One is for you to talk. The other is for you to scream a lot and suffer and then talk. It's your choice. If you want to talk, nod your head."

Harry wasn't smart. He shook his head to say no. Miranda grinned. She then staked him on his back with his legs spread out, his hands tied under him, and his gag still tight. She pulled out her knife which was almost as long as mine and began to cut off his pants. "Mason, do you have an extra wagon spoke?" Mason looked startled but nodded. "Good. Get it." Harry began to look worried.

When Mason returned, Miranda took the spoke and said, "Lift him up at the waist, please." to Red and me.

We removed his ankles from the stakes that held them and lifted him up. His back arched and he tried to struggle. We pulled his legs over his body exposing his ass. I heard giggling as Marva reached under on one side and Sylvie on the other and spread his butt cheeks. It appeared that they knew what Miranda intended. Miranda took the spoke and drove it up his ass about nine or ten inches. Harry tried to scream through his gag as his eyes bugged out with shock and pain.

Miranda said, "You can let his cheeks go and you guys can let him down. The girls removed their hands and Red and I lowered him to the ground. The spoke was driven in another inch or two when it dug into the ground and then Harry's ass. Miranda had still not asked any questions. We returned his legs to the stakes spread out. She took a strip of leather and wet it and tied his cock and balls with it squeezing them when she tightened the strip and knotting it firmly. Harry squealed. "Now, let's give him a few minutes to reflect on the facts that his ass is just starting to hurt and about how he will feel when that leather starts to dry and shrink."

We waited about five minutes and she moved over to Harry and asked, "Did you say something? You couldn't be answering a question because I haven't asked any. Except in answer to a question, I don't want to hear from you." Harry's eyes were bulging and he was moaning. Miranda said, "I think his ass was virgin. I have done this before. In half an hour, the leather will have dried enough to do permanent damage. Of course, he will shit splinters for a month anyway."

Harry groaned. Miranda didn't even look his way. In another five minutes, he was making mewling noises like a puppy trying to get his master's attention. Miranda moved back to him. He mewled some more. She gave his cock a thump and he screamed loudly as he could through his gag. "Do you want to talk? Will you tell us everything honestly and completely? You know that I won't cut the leather or remove the spoke until and unless we are satisfied with your answers?" Harry nodded his head rapidly. She cut the gag and said, "Now, tell us everything about you and your people. Don't leave anything out because questions take time and you don't have lots of time."

Harry started talking. The Surs lived in the area between the mountains and the ocean north of here. They were raiders but under pressure from a group north of them. He didn't know the name of the northern group. He said that he and the other one were assigned to watch to try to figure out where we were going and what we intended. Miranda said so sweetly, "Now, Harry, that's lie number one. You know I will have to hurt you some more for that. That's so sad but there is just no other choice." Harry was not happy. It was unnerving to listen to Miranda's sweet tones as she inflicted pain upon Harry's body and asked questions. It made her actions even more scary. Harry talked some more. The people up north were the Bakers and there had been three people in the rear guard party. They were preparing to attack tomorrow evening once we stopped because they had figured out how we went about setting up our camp. They were to follow tomorrow and keep anyone from getting away in the attack. There were two hundred ahead of us. The Bakers were allies and the two groups were fighting together. They planned to head south to take over the Angels.

Miranda said, "Now, Harry, that is more believable. Wouldn't it have been easier if you had told the truth first." She tied a thicker gag over his mouth. "We will have to talk over what to do while you think about anything else you know. Marva, you and Sylvie may play with him a bit if you wish. Just don't untie him. We'll be back in a minute."

She, Red, and I left the wagon and found Joseph. When we got there, I said, "Red captured a prisoner and Miranda has been questioning him. An attack is coming this evening. They think they know enough about how we set up camp and outnumber us two to one. Let's make a plan. Miranda will talk to Harry some more later."

"Who is Harry?" Joseph asked.

"Harry is my little friend who Red captured last night. He and his friends have been tailing us for a couple of days." Miranda said in that same sweet voice. "I just suggested that he talk to us about everything he knew. After a little persuasion, he agreed to talk."

Joseph looked startled at the sound of her voice. He looked at her with a new respect and said, "I didn't hear any screams."

"Gags work so well." Miranda said sweetly with a smirk.

Joseph looked at her a little harder and said, "I don't want you to question me. However, if we get more prisoners, I think you might be the person to direct their interrogation." He looked at me. "What do you suggest?"

"I'm not a big group fighting planner. However, we know or, at least, think we know, that they have been watching us and have figured out that we have a routine for stopping. We need for it to look the same but, at the same time, must prepare for the attack that we know is coming. I don't know the area ahead but we need to find a place for this fight that limits how they can come at us or we need an open area before us for a killing field. Both would be best. Red said that none of the two he killed nor our prisoner had bows. He thinks they aren't good bowmen. It will also make surprise impossible. That's about all I can think of."

"Lem, thanks. Thanks to all three of you. That's what I had in mind also. The lack of ability with a bow and arrow fits what we experienced in fighting them before. I will embellish your idea a bit when I talk to the Fives. We will probably stop early. There will be a reason so don't be too surprised at that other than acting naturally when it occurs, if it occurs. I have a place in mind where we have camped before."

"Okay, Joseph. We will be ready. We'll go back and talk some more with Harry. He will come with us in the wagon. We wouldn't want his friends to know what we are planning or that we know what they're planning." We went back and crawled under the wagon.

Miranda went up to Harry and saw that he had a twig inserted in his piss hole. She said, "I bet that hurts."

"He wiggled a lot when I put it in. Marva had to hold him." Sylvie said grinning.

Miranda said, "Then, I bet this will really hurt." She thumped his cock again. Harry went limp. "Apparently, I was correct. Pour a little water on his head to wake him up." That was done. "Now, Harry," she said as he regained consciousness, "you must remember that I said we would have to punish you for lying. Now, I can always jerk the twig out to ease your pain. Harry's eyes bugged out even further as she reached for the twig. He shook his head violently.

I whispered to Miranda. "Let's tie him to the bottom of the wagon I bet the stick will get his attention when it hits a bump. If he dies, it's no great loss."

Miranda nodded and went back to Harry, "Harry, we want you to be sure you have told us everything and left nothing out. I would be most unhappy if I were surprised later to find out that you weren't completely honest with me. If I am unhappy, you will be tragically unhappy. Do you understand me, my Little Harry?" Harry nodded his head vigorously.

Still in that quiet, calm voice, Miranda said, "Harry, have you told us everything? If you have left something out, I will have to hurt you permanently and you wouldn't like that." Her voice was bone chilling because it sounded like she was just discussing the weather with an old friend and using a partially little girl type voice. I think Harry had figured out that it was an act but didn't know what, if anything, he could do about it. It still scared him badly. It scared me and I knew it was an act and wasn't even the target. Miranda picked up the conversation, "Harry, which would you prefer? The twig removed or the leather string released?"

She pulled the gag back for a moment. "The leather string, please! Oh, please release the leather!" She smiled gently and replaced the gag. She took her knife and almost cut through the leather. It would stretch just a little before breaking. I had the feeling that it would hurt worse for some time after the string broke. but his cock wouldn't burst from the pressure once it was released.

"It will part in a moment. You will be relieved then." She didn't release the gag and I knew why even if Harry didn't. We moved off out from under the wagon. Harry was going to be painfully noisy in a moment. I heard a low pop as the leather string let loose. A few seconds later, you could hear the scream even through the gag. Just thinking about the pain he had to be feeling made me shudder.

The blood rushed in and out getting circulation going through his crotch. He screamed until he fainted. Even then, you could hear moans. I almost felt sorry for him.

We packed to leave for the day and strung him by his ankles and wrists under the wagon. He had to be in terrible pain but, at least, I couldn't hear him now. We traveled for the day and Joseph picked a place for the night and the expected raid. We set our camp and took cover under the wagon.

Harry was dead. At some point, a high spot in the road slammed the spoke further into his ass and ruptured something inside. He had bled out. We cut him loose and used his body as a part of our shield for the attack that we expected. It wasn't fully dark when the Surs attacked us. Joseph's preparations paid off even though outward appearances did not show any difference. His work negated the greater numbers of the Surs. At first, we were slaughtering them until they realized we were ready and that we had altered the situation in our favor.

They backed off and took cover. Miranda, Red, and I looked at each other. Red said, "I think we should sneak out and increase our odds."

"I agree." I said. "Mason, Sylvie, Marva, Jules, we're going out. Be watchful and protect each other."

Mason responded, "Okay. How will we know it's you coming back?"

"We will wait until after daylight. What we're going to do will take a while. Let's go."

At the last minute, I sent Sylvie to crawl over to Joseph and tell him what we are going to do. Mason and the other two girls stayed under the wagon. All three were armed though none of them were really good with weapons. I told Mason to simply shoot with his bow when he had a good shot and all of them to stay out of trouble.

We left carefully not wanting to offer anyone, friend or foe, a target. We got outside the circle and began to encounter Surs. Red took care of each one while we covered him. After going a hundred feet without an encounter, we came together. "I think we're beyond them."

"I agree. The last one was looking out, not in." Red said. "What's the plan?"

"How about this? We'll move back in about fifty or sixty feet and then spread inward about fifty feet apart and move clockwise around the circle taking out Surs as we go. When we find a larger group, make a hoot owl sound. Miranda, you take the outside. Red, you take the middle and I'll take the inside. Let's hope we can roll them up for a while without alerting them to what we're doing"

"That would be best for us." Red said dryly.

We went in and left Miranda and Red and I moved further in. Red tapped my shoulder and pointed down. I nodded and I went further. We then began to move in a clockwise direction. We tried to kill quietly to not alarm the Surs. There were a lot of them. I had killed fourteen when I heard a noise to my left. The man died but not before shouting a warning. I rose and charged the two that were next for me and took them out with quick swipes of my sword. I stayed down for a bit and then slid further on looking for another target. It looked like the warning had worked though and I found no more Surs though I found two places where they had been. It was almost day by now and I went out to find Miranda and Red. They hadn't found any to kill since the one who slipped by her just long enough to scream as he died. I brought them in with me. He had a small cut on one arm. His surmise was that they left. We went around a bit further to check probably making a half circle in total.

Red whispered, "It's time to go in, get something to eat, rest, and then go out for a quick trail."

"I agree." I made like an owl and began to walk into our camp not trying to be very quiet. As soon as we could be seen, Joseph came forward and a crying Sylvie ran into my arms.

"Mason's dead! Marva and Jules are gone!" She cried.

"Red, check our wagon. Look for a trail. Report back. Miranda, hold Sylvie. I must talk to Joseph." Red left quickly. Miranda reached for Sylvie's arms and pulled her away from me and hugged her tightly. I went to Joseph. "What do you know?"

He said, "Sylvie had come and told me what you were doing. We only made shots when we knew who we were trying to shoot. We have five dead and four more wounded. Your girl just returned crying as you came out of the woods. We need to decide on our next course of action."

"We will want to go after the girls' captors. In the process, I think we can thin their ranks some more and learn more of where they are camped and their plans. My suggestion is for you to continue on to another easily defended site in our intended direction. We will find you. Don't look for us. While we're gone, may Jerry drive our wagon?"

"Yes. He is one of our wounded. I will place the others in your wagon."

"Good, Sylvie will tend them. She is a capable nurse." I hoped that was true though I had no real idea about her capabilities except in bow shooting, which was poor, and sex, which was good.

Red returned and reported. He said, "I have a trail. They had four do the same thing we did. That's how two of Joseph's men died. These Surs aren't good bowmen. They also didn't hide their trail."

"Okay, get horses for the three of us. Miranda, release Sylvie. Sylvie, we need your help. Get us some food to eat while riding. We're going get Marva and Jules back and kill Mason's killers. Hurry."

She wiped her face and did as she was told.

Miranda said, "We're going after them?"

"Yes, we'll go now."

"Good. I want Mason's killer for myself."

"If possible, I think Red and I and the two girls would probably like to help."

She smiled grimly. Red came up with the horses and Sylvie brought some food. We mounted and left after telling her what to do. She even told me she knew something about nursing.

We left then with Miranda and I following Red as he trailed the captors into the main body. After that we made better time because the trail was even clearer. Red cautioned us that he wanted to watch for any tracks leaving the main party but, for the most part, we went quickly.

It was starting to get dark before we slowed. Red said that we were catching them. Since we didn't want to overrun them, we slowed a little stopping to listen and give Red extra time to interpret the tracks. It was twilight and Red slowed us to a crawl. When we stopped, we could all hear sounds of a camp and some extra noise. We dismounted and tied the horses creeping toward the noise and later the light from their fires. We found a pair of sentries and removed them. Miranda and I took their places while Red continued on to be sure there was no one else in the immediate area who might be looking around or checking on the sentries' health. He returned in two minutes and said, "Follow me, You don't have to stay here and, if we're to do anything, it will take us all."

We followed Red creeping through the trees and undergrowth to close on the camp. There were three fires with an open area in the middle. In that area, we could see a young woman being used sexually from the grunting sounds. I figured she was one of ours as they were being rough with her. I thought it was Jules but couldn't be sure. We weren't that close.

I whispered, "Ours and, if so, where's the other?"

Miranda answered, "I think that's Jules, but I don't see Marva."

Red responded, "I think she's Jules, too, and there are two other prisoners to the left. One's a man and the other one's a woman."

"Okay, let's back off and make a plan." We three backed out to the sentry station and took up posts with Red hidden almost at our feet.

Red said, "I could get to the other two though it will take time because there will be other sentries who will have to be removed. If Miranda started a distraction, then you, Lem, could swoop in and pick up our other girl assuming that's her. They aren't good bowmen. Once on the way out, we should be fairly safe. Only one kill in the attack on our camp was an arrow. Both Miranda and I are good shots while you are the best with a sword."

I looked at the sky and a sliver of the moon was rising. Let's get into position over the next hour. I will plan to sweep in from the opposite side from here. If Miranda's distraction is over there," pointing, "then they will be leaning away from the other captives and from my path. We should be able to pull this off and, hopefully, not get killed in the process." No one had a better plan and we agreed that Miranda would start her distraction and that would be the signal to start. We gave ourselves a little over an hour to get in position. The rising of the moon would guide our timing.

I had been in position for about ten minutes when Miranda's distraction started. It was noisy and everyone's attention was drawn in that direction. I charged into the middle of the camp swinging my sword trying to kill or maim anyone who got in my way or couldn't get out of it quickly. When I reached the center, I had to kill the guy who was preparing to kill the rape victim. I got him first. I had to stop to pull Jules worn body onto my horse in front of me. She couldn't hold on and, with her in front, I could watch her as we left and still swing my sword. I had my long sword in my right and held on to Jules with my left. I kicked my horse and he began to gallop through the camp to get away in our chosen direction. Our surprise seemed to have worked and only a couple of arrows were shot and those were not accurate. I rode with Jules before me for most of an hour to our chosen rendezvous spot. I waited for my two companions to join us.

Miranda rode up in ten minutes. Fifteen minutes later, Red rode up with three on his horse. Marva was in front of him and there was a man on the back. We left the path at right angles heading east and traveled carefully for about five miles. Miranda had taken Marva behind her to lighten Red's load. We found what I hoped would be a safe spot, stopped, and dismounted.

I let Jules lay down on a blanket and covered her. She was bleeding some but it didn't look dangerous. Marva went down and knelt by her cradling her head in her lap. The man stood not knowing what to do. I looked at him and said, "Who are you?"

"My name is George Backer. I was captured with my wife two days ago. They killed her that night. After everyone who wanted had raped her, they pushed a sword in her pussy and let her die. It was needless and cruel." He looked at Jules, "They would have done that to her if not for the distraction and rescue. Who are you people?"

I ignored his question and said, "Marva, what do you know?"

She looked at me with tears in her eyes, "Mason?" I shook my head. She and Jules sobbed for a moment. Then she said, "Six of them came in and stabbed Mason before any of us knew what was happening. They grabbed Jules and me and ran out of the camp. Our archers got two but the rest made it out with us. They muffled our cries with their hands. They slung me across a horse hanging over and tied me in place.

"Jules was placed on a horse in front of one of them. They began then to rape her ass then. That continued as they retreated. When the one doing her ass shot his load, she was transferred to another horse and rider. That continued all the way to their camp. The last one came in her ass and backed her off his cock to let her fall on the ground. Once there, they took turns with her pussy as well as her ass until you came and pulled us out of there. I think they were tiring of her." She looked at me. "The one you killed or one of the others after probably would have killed her.

"I talked with George who told me a longer version of the story he told you. I could see his wife's body to one side as they hadn't buried her or even moved it far out of the camp. Thank you all for rescuing us from them. It would have been a horrid death after a lot of pain."

Miranda and Marva worked over Jules to ease her injuries and pain as best as they could. Some of injuries were internal. The Surs had used more than just their cocks on her holes. That, plus the number of men, had torn her body internally. It would take time for her to heal. The emotional damage was perhaps worse. By the time we had gotten her to our temporary camp, she was almost catatonic.
Chapter 8
Home | Top | Frank Speaks's Page |   Feedback to author


 
Home | Frank Speaks's Page « New Times Index « Previous
Chapter 8
Posted: March 12, 2012 - 03:24:18 pm

We all rested through the night except for Red. He scouted around to be sure we weren't followed. They had tried but lost our track. The only question he and I had was whether or not they would try to follow us during the day. I knew that Joseph would be moving and I hoped that he would attract and hold their attention. Finally, we left Miranda on guard and began to search for the Surs. I figured we could cause trouble as well as misdirect them.

They had moved their camp away from us which was good and away from the likely path of Joseph's Century. We circled around and began to pick a few Surs off with arrows just to give them something to think about. I wanted them to at least suspect there was another group hunting them from a different direction than us or Joseph. I also wanted them to be apprehensive about staying alive.

We stayed in place on into the evening. Occasionally, I would send an arrow into their camping area. Sometimes I would hit someone and sometimes I missed. It did keep them alert and, when they sent out a scouting party, we picked it off. Their leadership was beginning to have problems recruiting volunteers to hunt us. Red and I stopped shooting at them and had a closer look. They had set up two tents and we marked them in our minds for fire arrows before we would quit for the night. We backed off and used a rag and some oil for two fire arrows. I wanted to start fires, hitting someone would just be a bonus. Red was ready with flint and steel and lit the first arrow which I let fly as soon as it was well caught. Before it had landed, we sent the other and then pulled out. As we circled away from them, we could see two new fires burning well. We made it back to our camp without incident.

Miranda was glad to see me and Marva to see Red. They had seen and heard nothing all day and night. Red and I caught some sleep. Tomorrow, we would locate Joseph and rejoin the Century. Jules was a little better but still weak and emotionally drained. Miranda said that she had seen Mason die and then suffered through the rapes. It had just left her empty. Miranda admitted that she didn't know if Jules would retain the will to live or not.

Marva talked to her. She was the only one of the four of us who wasn't grim by nature. It seemed to help. In the morning, I left with Miranda to find Joseph. Finding their trail was easy and we quickly traversed it to find them. We didn't find any observers this time.

After working through the sentries, we pulled up in front of Joseph's tent, dismounted, and went in to see Joseph. "Good morning." I said.

He waved us into chairs at his table and said, "I'm glad you're back. What's been happening? We've had it quiet here."

"We retrieved both our captives though Jules is in bad shape. We'll bring them in later today. We caused the Surs a bit of a headache twice."

Joseph nodded and said, "That's good news. Please, tell me about it."

"Sure. As you knew, we went after the girls. We found their camp and raided it. Jules had been being raped for a few hours when we found them and rescued them. We took out about ten when we hit their camp. We also picked up another captive of theirs named George who was captured with his wife. They were headed south for better weather and ran into them. It ended their trip. She was raped and then put to death by the Surs. Red and I went to their new camp which is about six miles in that direction." I said and pointed. "We took out a few more and fired up their two tents with fire arrows. We had circled and come at them from the east so they're looking in that direction instead of this one. They still outnumber us but it's close."

"Do you think we should consider an attack?"

"No. I think we should get beyond them and go about our mission, first. If that's successful, then we can worry with these guys on the way back. If we fail, we won't have to worry about them anyway."

"Okay, we're going to saddle up and continue north today. Please bring your people in."

"We will. I will check on Sylvie before we go so she can prepare a pallet for Jules."

He nodded and we left for our wagon. Sylvie was glad to see us both hugging and kissing us repeatedly. Miranda told her about Jules and she was troubled. Finally, she said, "Go and get her. I will have a nice, warm spot for her with plenty of gentle care. Tonight, after you're back, I want you two to fuck my brains out." She grinned.

We left after some more kisses and hugs. Sylvie was a naturally cheerful person and her presence would help Jules and relieve Marva. We met up with Red as he was getting ready to move out. We loaded up and went over slowly to the trail and, about half an hour later, met up with the forward column of the Century. Sylvie took over Jules' care. She and Marva took her into the wagon and laid her down.

We continued on until we found a peaceful little valley for the night. We set up camp and sentries. Red checked out placement and cover for them. When he came back with a smile, I knew that we were as safe as we could be for the night. All three of us needed some rest tonight though Sylvie might have a different idea.

Miranda, Red, and I found a spot slightly removed from the rest of the expedition for our wagon. We set out our tents and sleeping blankets and made a small fire. With help from Marva and Sylvie, we cooked our simple meal and were joined by Marva and Sylvie after they fed Jules. We were told that Jerry and George were watching over Jules for the night and they knew where we were if there was an emergency needing our attention. I could tell from the gleam in Sylvie's eyes that she had no rest in mind for Miranda or myself, at least, not initially. I hadn't forgotten what she said this morning. Apparently, she hadn't forgotten either. Marva had a look on her face that suggested Red would be busy also.

After eating, we sat out for a little while before going to our respective tents. Sylvie went in first. When Miranda and I crawled in, she was naked with her legs spread and her arms outstretched. "Please, Master and Mistress," she pleaded moaning, "please fuck your slave, use her hard. Please, do me without mercy."

"Little Slave, you will be used. Suck my pussy." Miranda said as she shed her clothes. Miranda lay down on her back naked and pulled Sylvie over her. Sylvie went to her hands and knees lowering her head to Miranda's pussy. I removed my clothes and pushed my cock deep into Sylvie's pussy making her groan into Miranda's pussy. Miranda moaned, "Use you hands on my holes, Slave. Pound her hard, Lem. Let it hurt her a little!" Sylvie moaned.

I was pumping into her pussy making her gasp as I filled her and then stretched her with my size. When I pushed to get the last bit in her having grabbed her hips, she cried out in pain. I didn't let that stop me and began to pound her pussy hard almost as hard as I fucked Miranda thrusting my length deep into her body every time. She was grunting with each thrust. She moaned out an orgasm and fell forward moaning. I pulled out and let her roll to one side and then pushed into Miranda's pussy which did take my length balls deep easily. Though, even she groaned as I pushed deep into her and began to thrust hard going for orgasm. As Miranda came, so did I filling her pussy with my seed and holding my cock all the way in her receptive pussy. She did the best she could to hold me by pulling me with her legs and raking my back with her fingernails. When I pulled out, Sylvie attacked my cock vigorously sucking me clean before going to Miranda's' pussy and trying to suck her insides out. I was still a bit hard and pushed into Sylvie's ass. She cried out in pain and passion when the head of my cock popped through her sphincter. I continued to push hard and managed to bury my entire length in her ass.

"Hurt me, Master. Fuck my hole hard. I want you to give me your cock!" She moaned loudly. "Please cum in my ass. Give me your cum, Master." I slammed her ass hard again and again slapping her ass hard leaving handprints. Miranda turned around and pushed fingers into her pussy. She added more fingers as Sylvie howled with the pain of her stretching by my cock in her ass and Miranda's whole hand in her pussy. After ten minutes, she was limply accepting my cock and Miranda's hand. I used her ass for a cum depository emptying my balls in her rectum making her moan passionately even though her body was exhausted from my pummeling and her being fisted by Miranda. I rolled her over to her side with my cock still in her ass and felt Miranda snuggle up against her front. We were all tired from our "hard" work. We went to sleep that way. I woke hours later to feel my cock being sucked and knew it must be Sylvie sucking my cock clean of my cum and her anal juices since she couldn't quite fit it all in her mouth and throat.

It felt good and I became hard. Once I was fully hard, she turned her back to me and moved in close pushing my cock into her ass again and only making a small wiggle and a slight groan as I bottomed out in her butt. She began to move gently fucking her ass on my cock while I didn't move at all. Eventually, I grabbed her hip and held myself deep in her butt and came spurting until her ass was filled with my load and I slumped. I went back to sleep to feel her mouth on me again later.

When I was fully hard, she swapped places with Miranda who I turned over. She scrunched her butt back and my cock popped through her sphincter and into her ass. This time, both of us moved hard and pounding into each other. It took me longer this time but we didn't stop and did get more violent as we both went for our orgasms. Finally, we both reached our peaks at almost the same moment. I realized as I came down from my high that Sylvie had moved down on Miranda and had her mouth glued to her pussy sucking her as I fucked her ass. With her mouth and my cock, Miranda had had an earth-shaking orgasm. She was still in the throes of it as Sylvie continued to suck at her pussy and nibble her clit.

As I softened, I felt Miranda lift her leg and allow Sylvie to suck my cock and then her ass cleaning both. I rolled to my back and slept like I was dead this time. It was morning before I woke up. Miranda was curled beside me but Sylvie was gone. A few minutes later, she came in with cups of coffee for the three of us. Miranda woke to the smell. We both sat up and accepted our cups as Sylvie knelt before us naked drinking hers with us.

She grinned mischievously and said, "I hope you are both well rested now."

"Oh yes," I replied, "there is nothing like a night of undisturbed slumber to help one feel better and well rested in the morning." Sylvie smirked and Miranda grinned.

Miranda opened her legs and said softly, "Come, Slave. Give me one more orgasm to start this morning." Sylvie smiled happily as she moved between Miranda's legs and began to suck her pussy and clit. Miranda lay back and enjoyed her tongue and lips. I finished my coffee and got up putting on my same clothes.

I grabbed a fresh set and a towel and went to a nearby creek to wash. I washed and shaved. I put on the fresh clothes. On the way back, I passed Miranda headed that way for the same purpose. Back at our tent, I handed my dirty clothes and damp towel to Sylvie for cleaning and drying. She said, "I'm going to be sore today, Master. Thank you for doing what I asked."

I grinned, "I didn't know I had a choice." I grabbed another cup of coffee and a couple of biscuits and headed for Joseph's tent. All had been quiet through the night and he wanted to take a day more to be at ease before moving on to the north. I agreed and went back and told my people.

Everyone was glad for the respite. It would give us some time to really relax and to repair equipment. Sylvie and Marva went to care for Jules. At lunch, they came from the wagon with a tired and sad looking Jules. Miranda moved to her and gave her a kiss. "We're glad you're back with us." She said.

"I-i, it was horrible. First, Mason dying, and then all those men." She broke down crying. I pulled her down holding her in my lap and soothing her. Her crying gradually subsided and she lay loosely over me cuddled in my arms. She was naked as were Marva and Sylvie. That was normal when we weren't on the move. Miranda was the oddity for women because she was clothed almost all the time. It emphasized her status as a fellow companion.

It didn't take long for Jules' body to start my cock hardening. She noticed and whispered, "I'm still too sore to take you in my ass or pussy but may I suck you?"

"I would never deny you, Jules, nor force you." I said.

She slid off my lap and pulled my pants loose exposing my cock which popped up erect and ready. She looked at it and smiled. Then, she opened her mouth and took me in deep. She hesitated for a moment and took a breath. Then she pushed her head down to my pelvis forcing my cock deep in her throat and nuzzling my pubic hair with her nose. She held herself down for a long moment and then began to face fuck herself on my cock. I kept my hands at my side and let her control the speed and depth of the thrusts. She and Miranda could always take me deep easier than any other women. Jules was getting off on blowing me and I made no effort to hold back my load, moaning just before and as I exploded down her throat. I could feel her throat muscles convulsing as she swallowed my load and gradually pulled off me. When she released my cock, it was shiny and clean from her tongue and lips and it was soft from having emptied my seed into her body. We both lay back content for now.

The afternoon went by as Miranda, Red, and I made small repairs to our weapons and performed such maintenance as needful. Marva, Sylvie, and Jules helped though Jules still moved stiffly as did Sylvie. Jules had internal bruising that would take time to heal. She was becoming progressively more cheerful as the day passed. I thought, in time, she would recover fully. She helped Marva with supper as she was a better cook than Sylvie who prepared seating for us all. We ate gathered around the fire. After supper, Joseph came by and asked if I would join him for a short conference. I said that we would. This time, I took both Red and Miranda with me leaving the three girls to prepare our sleeping for another night.

Joseph had his assistants including Jerry with him and started the meeting. He said, "I wanted to go over our intended path with you before setting out our plans to all the men. We have accomplished much already with this trip and some of it is directly attributable to you three. Obviously, we haven't reached our northern goal for this trip. Lem, my first question is. 'How much further do we go and what will tell us that we have arrived?'"

"That leads me to the old witch and what she told me." I said. "I know that we are to go north along the coast a long way. We will come to a ruined city with a big mountain in view to its south-southeast. She warned me that there would be ruins with mountain views but none that were south-southeast from the center of the ruin. In the ruin, there is a big needle. I have no idea what it is beyond that statement. That's the long part of our trip, just getting to that place. From there, we will go southeast skirting the mountain with it to our south. Apparently, the mountain is part of a range which we will have to go through. On the other side, we come to a plain and continue to a ruin she called, 'Hans.' There we will find a tribe trying to unearth some old icons. We must stop them and destroy the icons. When we start the destruction, we will have to ride fast or die ourselves. That's it in a nutshell.

"My guess is that we are one-third or so of the way to the city with the view. I know this land goes up into an area of permanent snow and ice though I don't think we go that far. On the other hand, the weather will be colder and we will have to prepare for that in a few weeks. It's going to be a long trip."

Joseph said, "Thanks, I think." Everyone chuckled nervously. "We will start thinking longer term for the rest of this trip." He looked at me. "You know it's going to take some time?"

"Yes," I replied, "and it won't be easy. The old witch said the trip would test our spirits and prepare us for our eventual duty." She also told me that few, if any, would survive when we destroyed the old icons. I continued to keep that information to myself, not even telling Miranda and Red.

"Okay," said Joesph, "let's plan for our next few weeks. We won't move quickly but we will be careful and gather supplies for later." I nodded at that. Joseph gave out assignments including items for which his men should search when scouting. After asking for questions, he closed the meeting and we returned to our site.

We were met there by a strange sight.

There were three men from the Century holding a naked woman who looked like one of the camp bitches. she looked like most of her sense of worth had been beaten and fucked out of her. As we approached, Sylvie said, "Here he comes, ask him yourselves."

"Ask me what?" I asked.
Chapter 9
Home | Top | Frank Speaks's Page |   Feedback to author


 
Home | Frank Speaks's Page « New Times Index « Previous
Chapter 9
Posted: March 13, 2012 - 02:15:39 pm

One of the men responded, "This camp bitch claims she can take the cock of any man in the camp balls deep in every hole. I have bet these two she can't. We heard from Jerry that you are well equipped and could decide the bet. The question is, 'Will you?'"

"Will I what?"

"Fuck all three of her holes as deep as she can take your cock to see if she can take you balls deep?"

The woman was older than our three. Only Miranda was older and she not by much. Miranda went up to her and slapped her face lightly but with enough force to rock her back. She said, "Dumb Bitch, do you think you can handle a really big one?"

She was a little cowed but responded, 'I can take any man balls deep in any hole."

"We'll see." Miranda said cryptically.

The camp bitch was a short, slim woman not over five feet tall with small breasts and a droopy butt. The lips on her pussy hung down a bit protruding. She had a small mouth and a slender neck which might have trouble taking a big cock. She was also dirty.

I said, "She will need to be cleaned inside and out before I will touch her."

Miranda said, "Marva, come with me. We will supervise these three as they clean her in the creek. Bring your hose." Marva grinned. "This way." Miranda beckoned to the men. They hauled her away with them. She began to look a little bit concerned. She was used to being fucked because that was her life. When she no longer looked good enough to be wanted sexually, she would be sacrificed, just die, or find a useful skill like cooking. Only about half found a way to stay alive after they no longer had the body for sex.

Half an hour later, she was brought back. She was still wet and shivering as the water dried from her body. Marva had a smile on her face. I think she enjoyed what she had done to the woman. She said to me, "She is clean for you, Master, inside and out."

"Very well. Sylvie, lay a blanket out fairly close to the fire. We will do this in front of all and prove her ability or her inability." Sylvie grinned and brought out a couple of blankets and laid them out for me. They were close enough to the fire for sight but not so close as to overly heat me.

I began to remove my clothes and Sylvie and Jules moved to help me. They were using the opportunity to fondle me which was what they really wanted to do. I didn't need help with my clothes. When I was naked, I lay down and Jules knelt before me. "Don't take it all." I whispered. She nodded as she covered the head of my cock with her talented mouth. I quickly came to a full erection. She lifted off and my cock was sticking up in the air waving like a flag pole. "Come here, Bitch. Let's see if that cunt of yours will take me all the way."

She came forward. She looked worried. She looked at me and said, "If I can't, will you protect me? The loser might kill me."

"No one will kill you though my cock may make you think you're dying."

She straddled me and then squatted slowly bringing my cock to her pussy and rubbing it to get the head between her lips. She hissed as it entered her just a little way. She looked down and saw the thick expanse of my cock under her. She took a quick breath and pushed down forcing my cock into her pussy and up her channel. She groaned as it went in stretching her with its width and length. She had taken ten inches in her body when she looked down straining as I was firmly lodged in her depths. Her face showed her shock as she realized that, even though she had taken as much as the largest cock she ever had, there was still some left.

One of the bettors came over and said, "Four inches to go. Take it, Bitch." With that, he pushed down hard on her shoulders forcing her all the way down on my cock. She screamed as she was stretched and torn. I grimaced as my cock was even hurt from having her forced down on me. However, I was in to the hilt and my balls slapped against her ass. She fainted and fell forward over me.

She wasn't out long and lifted back up wincing as she could feel my length in her body deeper than she had ever had a cock. She looked down and gave a half smile through her pain from being forcibly and suddenly impaled. She knew she had it all in her. She moved slowly up and down just a little to prove that it would go all the way in. Each time, she came down, she winced. She was tight on my cock and I could tell she was feeling my cock.

After another moment, she lifted up and off. One of the men said, "Your ass is next, Bitch." She gasped and did again when she looked down. She could see my cock with a little blood on it from her pussy. I'm sure she was hurting from the extreme penetration.

She looked up and pleaded, "Please, grease it just a little." I nodded and Sylvie came forward with something in her hand that she applied to my cock that slicked it up nicely. She then helped the girl line up with my cock and start the head into her ass. She looked at Sylvie and said softly, "Push me down on it." Sylvie looked at me and I nodded very slightly. Sylvie put her hands on the girl's shoulders and pushed down. My cock popped past her sphincter and she screamed in pain. She had taken the head and maybe three inches into her ass. She looked up at Sylvie and whispered, "Thanks." She was breathing rapidly with the pain of her stretching and the effort she was making not to lift off. She managed to force her body down another couple of inches before running out of strength. She looked up at Sylvie and whispered through strained lips, "Push again."

Sylvie pushed down again having to exert more force and sending another four inches into her over stretched ass. She screamed loudly. Sylvie kept pushing. Suddenly, something gave and I went in the rest of the way. She screamed once more and fainted. She ay limply over me with my cock and Sylvie's hands holding her straight. Sylvie and I held still waiting for her to regain consciousness. A few long minutes went by. We had gathered a small crowd of onlookers who had seen me penetrate her ass and could see a small bulge in her tummy from the head of my cock. She was bleeding internally as I could feel the warmth and wetness of her blood on my cock. I wasn't sure how badly she was hurt but Marva's face looked worried as she stood behind the girl and could see my cock protruding from her stretched rectum. She later told me that the sphincter was torn and bleeding, too.

I looked down and could see blood flowing from her body. After a moment, I felt her tighten and relax totally and the blood flow increase for a moment. I shook my head. Miranda came over and pulled her off me and lay her on the ground. Blood flowed from her pussy a bit and from her rectum rapidly and then slowed. She wasn't breathing. I had never killed a woman with my cock and wasn't glad that I had even though her impalement upon it wasn't totally my idea or doing. However, I had gone along with the bet. I went to the creek to wash and Sylvie went with me.

We lay in the creek and Sylvie asked, "What happened? Why did she die?"

"I'm not sure. I guess that she was truly shallower than anyone thought. If you remember your first times with me, it took a while before you had stretched enough and, even now, my cock can still cause you some pain."

"Yes, that's right. The only one I have ever seen take your entire length in every hole without much pain is Miranda."

"That's true and Miranda is a big girl. Her height helps her handle the intrusion of my cock. Before you met us, she had taken Red in her pussy and me in her ass."

"I don't think I could do that. You so totally fill me down there that any more would be more than I could take."

"Remember, you took me in your ass and Miranda's hand in your cunt last night."

She grimaced, "And I'm still sore!".I gave her a hug and we went back to the fire. The girl's body had been removed and the three men were gone as well. Marva looked at me and said, "Let's not do that again. Even Camp Bitches shouldn't go that way."

I looked at her and said, "Suits me. It's not enjoyable. Miranda crooked her finger and I came over to her. She sat me down, wiggled my cock to harden it a little, and sat down on it taking it into a greased ass. She pointed to her pussy looking at Sylvie who came over and began to suck and lick her with relish. I sometimes think that Sylvie likes to suck pussy as much or more than any other sexual act. Miranda rode me hard to a joint cum. We both came hard; me in her ass and her flooding Sylvie's face. We stayed together as I softened relaxing in the afterglow. I felt better.

We were on blankets and I was laying back. Miranda pulled off and lay beside me. Sylvie brought more blankets and pulled them over us laying on my other side. We went to sleep that way for the night.

In the morning, I woke up to my cock being sucked. I felt Miranda and Sylvie both still beside me asleep. When my cock was swallowed completely, I knew the sucker had to be Jules. I looked under the blanket and saw her eyes glowing back at me. In so far as possible with a mouth and throat full of cock, she smiled back at me. I lowered the blanket and let her continue to suck me and, eventually, I gave her my load. That woke Miranda and Sylvie and they were, in that order, next on Jules' list. After their climaxes, we went to the creek to wash and me to shave, also.

When we returned, Marva had breakfast ready and we all ate. No one mentioned the dead girl. Unfortunately or fortunately, camp bitches were readily available and they were considered the lowest form of slave or servant. Their life tended to be rough and short. That one had lasted longer for sex than most.

We loaded everything into our wagon and mounted up. Jerry returned to drive it as he wasn't yet up to riding. He said that he had talked to Joseph and looking for wagons was on the list for scavenging along with the other items...

I said, "The Surs look more like raiders than wagon haulers. We might find some abandoned wagons from their raids."

"I hope so," Jerry responded, "with this one and the headquarters wagon, we will need many more to transport the Century and the camp followers."

I nodded. There were some small carts with the camp followers but nothing that would really hold a load. Most of them walked. We worked our way north stopping only for lunch. It was late afternoon when we found an encampment that had been raided. There was no one left alive but there were some useful things left including two wagons. This group had been well?equipped but, from what I could see, they hadn't taken proper precautions against raiders. I saw Joseph talking to his scout leader and presumed it was about that fact and what happened to surprised people. It was a good place so we stayed for the night after clearing the few remaining decaying bodies from the area.

Joseph had men begin cleaning and preparing the wagons for travel with us. He had made a list of items including food, clothing, additional bedding, and firewood. It was high summer and I worried about us way up north if winter caught us as it might do. I talked with Joseph emphasizing what I knew about winter travel. He listened and said that we would move out in the morning. I returned to our little area and started to work with Miranda and Red to get some thinking about preparations started. Red brought Marva into the conversation saying she had a good head. She came over as did the other two girls. None of them had ever traveled in bad weather. Marva and Jules had never been out of the high priest's palace for more than a day in their entire lives until now.

Finally, I said, "Ladies, I know this is interesting but it's also deadly. I have never gone on a winter trip with more than five people without someone dying. We need to prepare carefully and work hard to make sure the dead don't include any of us." That sort of brought a note of seriousness to the discussion that hadn't quite been present before. We continued on, making a list and assigning things for each one of us to seek out.

Red was right. Marva has a good head, can read and write, and is well organized. She became our storekeeper for the trip. Our time on the road would now be used in looking for things as well as watching for trouble.

Joseph pushed us hard for the next ten days covering a lot of ground. The problem, when he called a halt, was that we were worn and needed to take a day or two to refresh. Our patrols continued anyway as we had to know what was going on in our area. Another development while on the trip was Jerry becoming a member of our smaller group. He still had charge of twenty men as a Five but continued to drive our wagon during the day and placed his tent with ours each night. Both Sylvie and Marva visited him on different evenings. When Jules felt like she was healed, she stayed in his tent and they became close physically and emotionally. She still loved to give head to Red and me. He knew her position in the group and made no claims of exclusivity to her. All of our girls stayed within the group for sex.

The way north was fairly easy and deserted though dry. We only had a problem when we came to a big ruin and realized that we were on a peninsula with no way across. The water looked much too rough for us. We are land bound people. Apparently, there had been a bridge in ancient times but it was long gone. We headed back south and eastward to go around.

It took a while and we were attacked twice by small groups. None of our people were hurt as they backed off as soon as they realized we were an army rather than traders. We spent a long time going back and around. Travel in the ruins was slower and more dangerous than out in the open areas of the land. It was easier for people to hide in the ruins and no one was used to the tight quarters when there was fighting. We were only attacked once more by a small group with not one casualty but were worried constantly about the possibility.

Once we were headed north again, we found some traders camped. We joined together for the evening and found that a few wanted to go north while the rest were headed south. The ones headed north asked to join us and Joseph allowed it. I had Red search them thoroughly and he found nothing of concern. I just didn't think they knew what was going on with us. I hoped I was right.

We rested one day and continued on. There was some urgency in our travel as we were concerned about the onset of winter. We had nothing else to use as a gauge for time or expectations. We would do what we could and would either be in time or not as events occurred.

Joseph and I talked about winter. He wanted to go as far as possible and then find a safe place to "hole up" until warmth returned. I agreed reluctantly but felt we might be able to push through despite the weather depending upon the mountains and passes through them.

We continued on. Jerry and Jules became a pair as had Red and Marva. Sylvie continued to sleep with Miranda and me and could now take my cock all the way into her body with just a little pain as long as I didn't slam her too hard except down her throat. She still couldn't get the final inch down. She did have fun trying to take me deep that way and did that often. Miranda continued to enjoy my cock in every hole. She liked for Sylvie to suck my cum from her pussy or ass and Sylvie liked to do that. Once in a while, Miranda would take me down her throat showing by example that she could do it and do it with comparative ease. Both she and Sylvie agreed that my cock stirred their insides like no one else's could. Sylvie admitted that, on the next day, she was almost always sore inside from my cock's length and thickness even though she enjoyed being fucked.

We had all noticed that the land was changing and that the cold season was probably harsher here. We were now hundreds of miles north of the Angels city and beyond where any of us had been along the coast. My only trip had been much further inland. One trader admitted that he had been about this far a number of years ago but turned back from fear of the weather. He also said that it was later now than it had been when he turned back.

We moved on for another three weeks. We had come to some ruins and saw a couple of mountains but none had the right signs indicating we had reached our northern checkpoint. We had been traveling for two and a half months from the Angels' city when we came to another set of ruins. We had moved inland as the traveling was easier on what might have been an old road in ancient days. There was a mountain, a big one, that was possibly in the right direction.

We were making our way through the ruins when Red and I found the remains of the needle, at least, that's what we thought it was. It had fallen to the ground and was not easy to make out in detail due to its age. When we looked out at the mountain, it was in the right place. The first, long leg of our trip was complete. We went back to the column and told Joseph what we had found. We moved to find a safe spot with water and stopped for the night. We soon found a nice spot. It was in a small valley and we could stay here for a while. At Joseph's direction, we set up a permanent camp and settled in. That night Miranda and Sylvie decided it was play time with everyone involved. Miranda knelt before me and leaned forward. She said quietly, "Lem, tonight I want it rough. Force me. Make me do everyone, every way. Push my limits. Let it hurt some."

"Okay, Miranda, I will do it. You will hurt and be debased. Everyone will get some of you and it won't be gentle. Are you sure that's what you want?"

"Yes, Lem."

I unbuckled my pants pulling my belt from them as they dropped. "Bitch, you're facing the wrong way and are still wearing clothes." I said in a menacing voice. It wasn't hard for me to sound menacing. Miranda stood just long enough to get naked and then returned to all fours facing away from me. I gave her no warning but swung the belt and slammed her ass with it. Her head came up and she gasped with pain. I brought my hand back giving her another sound whack across her ass leaving now two red stripes.

Syllvie was watching open mouthed. I had never treated Miranda like this. "Sylvie lay down on your back and fist Miranda's pussy deeply and hard. Miranda move over Sylvie." While they were getting in position, I quietly told Jerry, 'Gather your men. Miranda wants to be gangbanged. They'll never get another chance at that prime ass." He gasped but went off to collect his men. Then I went to Red and said, "Fuck her in the ass as hard as you can."

He grinned, dropped his pants, and went to her shoving all of his eight inches into her back hole. He began to fuck Miranda's ass hard and to slap her butt cheeks as he did so. "So, tonight you're going to be a slut for Lem. You'll do anything with anyone!" Miranda was moaning constantly with Sylvie's hand buried in her twat and Red in her ass balls deep on every in-stroke he made as he fucked her hard and fast. He came hard deep into her ass slapping her cheeks hard with his hands.

"Now, go around and she will suck you clean." Jerry had returned and hastened to be next to push into Miranda's ass. The train continued until seventeen men had fucked Miranda's ass and filled it with cum. All that dripped out was caught be Sylvie's mouth and swallowed. I commanded her to push further up with her fingers actually enterring Miranda's uterus, which caused her to moan with the pain of that penetration. Finally, the men had finished. Cautioning Sylvie to keep her hand far in Miranda, I squatted down and pushed my cock balls deep into Miranda's well-used ass. She lifted her head and whined at my deep intrusion. I fucked her ass hard slapping her butt cheeks and reaching around to grab her breasts and pull on the nipples

She quickly lay on top of Sylvie as she was exhausted from the pummeling she had received. I fucked that ass for a good fifteen mintes before I released my load into her bowels slamming as deeply as possible to get every last fraction of an inch of my cock into her ass. She screechexd out a climax and went limp. I pulled out my dripping cock and let Sylvie suck on it to clean it of the cum. I rolled Miranda off Sylvie's small body and told her to clean her mistress. She finished and then I picked Miranda up gently and took her to our tent.

The next day, she woke up sore and told me thanks for indulging her. She said, "I knew I could let go and you would keep me from getting hurt. Lem, I thank you for that. I am yours for as long as you will have me."

"That will be a long time, if we survive." We hugged tightly and Sylvie joined in knowing that, she too, was welcome in our relationship.
Chapter 10
Home | Top | Frank Speaks's Page |   Feedback to author


 
Home | Frank Speaks's Page « New Times Index « Previous
Chapter 10
Posted: March 17, 2012 - 02:20:48 pm

Two weeks later, our sentries warned us of an approaching gang. It was no better than that. We set a simple trap and they walked into it. I stepped forward and announced that they were surrounded and suggested that they surrender or die. One shot an arrow at me which stuck in my chest armor because I didn't dodge it. I laughed and watched them start dying from our archers. Soon it was time for a more direct approach and I waded into them with my sword. Finally, there were seven left, two of whom were hurt, and they all surrendered. They were gathered around their women and children. The women had killed the children and all but three of themselves before being disarmed.

"Needless waste," Joseph said, "when they could have quit sooner and lived as slaves."

One of the men shouted, "Never!" He ran at a sword and died with the point going through his chest. One of the wounded hurt one of camp bitches when she was trying to help him. He died. The other wounded man was killed as were any other wounded who were later found. That left four men and three women. They were trussed up tightly and brought back to our camp.

As was usual with male prisoners, they were treated roughly and the women were fondled. One of the male prisoners tried to object and was killed. Actually, he was left alive but, with his gut sliced open and intestines leaking onto the ground, he wouldn't last long. He wouldn't walk with a compound fracture of his left leg. No one eased his pain by killing him despite his pleas.

When we returned to our camp, Joseph decided that all would be executed in pain. To be executed meant your head would be removed or you would be stabbed through the heart or you would be hanged. To be executed in or with pain meant it would be slow and painful though you would still be dead. Once that was announced, a gang rape of the women started.

Miranda looked at the prisoners hungrily and I remembered her enthusiasm for torturing our last prisoner, the late and unlamented Harry. I told her that if she wanted to volunteer as executioner, she should talk to Joseph who was watching from a distance. She nodded and went over to him. I saw him nod and she went to one man and said something to him. He was quickly lying on the ground because she had kicked him between the legs very, very hard. She laughed and went to another. He tried to move away from her but his guards held him. She reached down and grabbed him by his cock and balls and lifted. I didn't know if she had the strength to lift him off the ground but he was doing his best to help her. When she released him, he, too, fell to the ground moaning.

The third man was foolishly proud and stood his ground. He said something to her. Her hand went to her knife. She cut off his pants and pushed them down his legs exposing him. She reached down and grabbed his cock lifting it a little. With her knife, she cut off the end of it. He howled. I even shuddered thinking of his pain and that this damage, unlike the other two, couldn't be cured. Not that it mattered since he was going to die anyway.

She released him. She then found a spear haft and began to whittle on it, whistling softly. It made her even more scary and formidable seeming.

The men quickly tired of the women and they were brought forward to join their men. The six of them were lined up with the one who had lost the end of his cock first in line. Miranda nodded to his captors and he was thrown to the ground amd staked out. She took the spear haft she had sharpened and thrust it into his cock and then further into his guts wiggling it as he screamed and screamed. He knew he was dying and there was nothing that anyone would do about it. Being staked out, he couldn't even flop much. Then, one of the women was led forward.

She was thirty or a little more with an acceptable figure. Cum was dripping from the outside of her body where some men had cum on her rather than in her as well as from both her cunt and ass. She was tied with her feet to the ground so spread that the soles of her feet didn't touch. Her ankles were on the ground but she wasn't allowed to pivot so her legs would be front and back but they were forced, along side her torso, to be spread out from her body. Her muscles tore and her bones cracked. It was painful. Miranda took two arrows and inserted one into her pussy and the other into her rectum about eight inches each. Her hands were gradually released and she screamed when the arrows were forced further into her body. To make things worse, the arrows weren't long enough to go in far enough to kill her. She quickly realized that and tried to support her body with her hands. As she tired, she came down on the arrows and they went further in her body. When she felt them prick her, she would raise up but came back down when the strength in her arms failed. She sobbed and groaned as she gradually impaled her holes on the arrows. The best she could hope for for would be to open an artery and bleed to death. She couldn't stay up and both arrows went in to their fletchings. She bled more but not enough. It would take a long, long time for her to die.

It was the turn of another man. His legs were tied spread and he was made to stand up. A gallows was brought forward and he looked up with hope. It died on his face when his hands were tied to the hanging rope and he was lifted up. Miranda took her knife again and began to cut parts of him. They were painful cuts but not deep enough to kill him. She grabbed his balls and removed them with her knife. He screamed and she thrust them into his mouth. She took a piece of hide and tied it so he couldn't spit them out. Then she took a torch from a nearby fire and cauterized the wound left by her knife. If anything, his cries became more agonized. She took one of the short knives the captured men had worn and shoved it up his ass. His screams rose to a new level up almost an octave. She left him and went toward another of the women.

This one began to cry out, "Kill me! Kill me fast! Please have mercy on me and kill me!"

Miranda looked at her and smiled cruelly. "I'll do what I can." The woman was older, perhaps mid to late thirties. She had a good figure though she was a bit bruised from her rapes. Her breasts were surprisingly firm and full. Cum was dripping from her pussy and ass, also.

Her hands were tied behind her painfully. It was a trick I had seen before. You pull a person's arms behind them and have them cup their elbows in their hands which stretches them back. That not only causes pain but using a rope to wrap from one elbow to another makes it impossible to get loose. It also serves to make a woman's breasts stand out. This woman's breasts stood out anyway. Breathing is a chore because of the position, too. It is, therefore, both demeaning and painful.

Miranda was taller by a good six or seven inches and grabbed the woman's hair and pulled up. She cried out but lifted her head showing her throat perhaps hoping that Miranda would slit it. Miranda held her like that for a moment fondling her breasts with her free hand. The woman had great breasts; pert, firm, and full. Miranda said, "Hold her tight." Two men stepped up and held her tightly keeping her immobilized. Miranda had another guard stake her feet. Then Miranda smiled and, using her knife, removed the woman's breasts letting them drop to the ground. While the bleeding was serious, it would not kill her quickly though probably faster than any of the others. The poor woman looked at her ruined chest and cried in pain and horror at what she felt and saw.

That left two, a man and a woman. Miranda looked at them and ordered, "Tie them down on their backs spread out with their feet touching." She was looked at curiously but it was done. Their feet and out spread legs made a sort of diamond shape on the ground. Everyone was looking on curiously.

Miranda took a short ax haft and pushed about four inches into the man's ass. She had the guards stake both knees on the man and the woman. It would prevent either of them from closing their legs. He was moaning. She took a pair of smaller hafts and pushed them about four inches each into the woman's pussy and ass. She was now crying. Both of them were spread and couldn't hide or do anything to close their legs.

She then went to the man and tied a rope around his cock and balls tightly. Every time the rope moved, it pulled tighter but didn't loosen. His eyes went wide as she took the rope through a pulley on a tripod over his head and tied a weight to the other end. The weight would be loose on his forehead as long as he kept his head up. If he dropped his head or turned and let it shift, the rope would tighten more and cause him a lot of pain.

She looked over at the woman and noticed that her breasts were pierced with small hoops. Another rope was threaded through the hoops and pulled up and tight pulling her breasts into the air. Another tripod was brought and the rope went through it in a similar fashion. Another weight was tied on for her head to hold in place or her nipples would probably be torn by the weight falling. She was now, like the man, straining up to hold the weight high and keep the tension off her breasts and to avoid the pain on her nipples.

She and the man were looking down at each other in horror as they kept their heads up to prevent more pain. Miranda stepped back and grinned.

The woman moaned out, "Hurts. Help me. Ohh!" The man just groaned and held his body still.

Miranda seemed to pause as if contemplating what to do. She moved toward the man and, taking an arrow, pulled the point across his body leaving a fine red line across his stomach. He moaned as he tried to hold still and not move the weight or move the lower part of his body either. I heard Miranda chuckle at his plight and she did it again leaving another red line of blood across his body.

He was watching her with wide eyes knowing that moving would result in the weight falling and having lots of pain. Miranda moved over to the woman.

She said, "You should not have killed the others. We would have only enslaved you but you would have lived. She pushed at the two hafts getting them a little further into her body. She groaned with the pain. Her holes were further violated and her neck was tiring from supporting the weight.

She moaned out, "I didn't kill anybody. The men did all the killing, we just lived through all the troubles. Now, you're killing us slowly. Please kill me. I can't stand the pain any more."

'Move your head, that will start it." Miranda said coldly. The woman's eyes filled with tears.

'"If you will end it, I will move my head."

"You will see. It's going to take you a long, long time unless you do something to help hurry it." Miranda said.

She looked at Miranda and wiggled her head making the weight fall off to one side. Her nipples were pulled, stretched, and then the hoops pulled out of her nipples making her screech. She went limp for a minute. While she was out, Miranda pushed both sticks further up making her bleed from both her ass and her pussy. When she came to, she was bleeding more from the juncture of her legs and from the end of each breast. She wouldn't last long.

She looked at Miranda and said, "Thank you."

Miranda looked over at the man. Do you want to hurry it along. She reached down and wiggled the haft in his ass and pushed it in another couple of inches. He moaned and held still to keep the weight from falling.

She let him be. His cock and balls were turning purple from the blood being trapped by the rope. All six were dying from their injuries. Some would be dead sooner than others and it would be a release for each of them. That last woman took most of an hour to die though she was unconscious for most of that time. The others took longer.

We left them alone though someone would go by once in a while and do something to hurt one of them. The last one died early in the morning. The weather had broken and some warmer weather was with us for a while. We loaded our supplies and equipment and left. Joseph had decided that our camp was too vulnerable.

According to the old woman, we had to cross a mountain range and then head south and east to our destination. We started to the mountains that day. We had a peaceful day as we moved steadily toward the mountains on an old road that made traveling with our wagons easier than it might have been.
Chapter 11
Home | Top | Frank Speaks's Page |   Feedback to author


 
Home | Frank Speaks's Page « New Times Index « Previous
Chapter 11
Posted: March 24, 2012 - 09:58:10 am

We pulled in for night in another more secluded valley than before. Our three girls set up camp and started supper while Miranda, Red, and I went through the ranks checking out the sentry postings. Satisfied with them, we returned to our site to find Jules riding Jerry as Sylvie and Marva cooked. I motioned for them to continue and smiled. Jerry came in Jules pussy and she lifted off and licked his cock to clean it. While respectable, it wasn't as big as Red's being closer in size to Mason's.

Marva said that dinner would be close to an hour and I went into my tent to lay down. Miranda joined me. We began to fondle each other and we quickly shed our clothes and she mounted my cock burying it in her pussy slamming down hard each time before rising up to almost lose it and then dropping down again. We went this way for ten minutes before she moaned out, "Do me doggy! Take me as hard as you can! Pound me! Fill me with your seed!"

That's as horny as I had ever seen Miranda and I am guessing that her horniness was left over from her torture of the three men and three women from the day before. She later admitted that my guess was right. She told me when we finally rested after a violent climax. '"Torture excites me. I always do it in a sexual manner. I like to watch them be penetrated, cry in pain, and finally die. I can almost cum just from inflicting the torture and watching them suffer and die."

"What's the worst torture you ever inflicted?"

"It doesn't sound like much but I had four days with a man who deserved much pain. I tied him over an ant hill with a tube in his ass that had honey in it. I had pushed honey into his ass and then added the tube. I also put honey on his cock and hot pepper on his tongue. The ants ate the honey out of his ass and off his cock. It was painful He was still alive but quite insane by the end of the four days. I broke both his legs and his arms and left him there still tied down. I was told later that it took a week more for him to die but, with his mind gone, there wasn't much point in it except as a warning to men who would try to take me."

"I just took you." I said a little surprised.

"That's different. I asked you to do it. You have the biggest cock I've ever had and I love it pumping me deep and hard. No other man that I've known has had a cock that size and thickness."

Sylvie came in to tell us that dinner was ready. She saw Miranda's dripping pussy and knelt to suck her hungrily getting much of our cum out of Miranda's pussy and into her stomach.

The three of us went outside to eat. Neither Miranda nor I wore any clothes as we both expected to continue our sexual activity after dinner. We finished eating and headed back to the tent. This time, a naked Sylvie joined us. The first position was when she lay on her back and Miranda mounted her in the sixty-nine position. I moved behind Miranda and pushed my cock home in her ass as she and Sylvie licked and sucked each others' pussies.

I truly enjoyed Miranda's body because she could take me completely in her body and enjoy the feeling of my cock pounding her hard. Sylvie enjoyed it but my size still pained her and I couldn't just thrust away mindlessly and violently when fucking her holes.

But, it was Miranda's ass and I fucked it hard with her slamming back against my pelvis with each of my thrusts. We slammed together trying for simultaneous climaxes and succeeded. I shot a big load into Miranda's ass as she orgasmed to my cock in her ass and on Sylvie's face with her pussy. As I pulled out, my softening cock fell on Sylvie's face. She lifted her face and sucked me clean. When I moved, she placed her mouth to Miranda's ass trying to suck the cum from it. Miranda enjoyed her efforts and moaned in happiness.

We finally quieted down for the night and snuggled together with Miranda in the middle of us this time. We slept comfortably until shortly after dawn.

I woke with the feeling that something was wrong. I gave Miranda's breast a squeeze and lightly kissed her lips. She murmured. As she started to wake, I whispered in her ear, "Something's wrong. Be quiet and be careful. Wake Sylvie. Tell her to stay put." I drew on pants and shoes placing my weapons for use. I didn't look outside but crawled silently to the back of the tent and untied the straps and slowly began to look outside. Miranda handed me a shirt which I pulled over my body and a small hat. I was now covered but, more importantly, was wearing dark items to shield my white body from prying eyes.

I had seen nothing and very slowly crawled out and, still down, went to a tree before slowly standing. I looked around some more as Miranda joined me. She whispered, "Sylvie will stay in the tent. Do you see anything wrong?"

I had been looking around and saw my first indication. I whispered, "The sentry is wrong. I don't think he's one of ours. Do you think you can get to Red's tent without drawing attention?"

"I'm not sure."

"I didn't think so. Let's handle this ourselves right now. I'll take the sentry but you go behind him to find out who may be with him. Be careful. They're pretty good." She nodded. We went to the ground and began to move slowly and silently.

I gave Miranda a few extra minutes to move beyond me and my target. I rose up behind the sentry and knocked him down with one blow. I followed him down and tied and gagged him. I looked around and saw our own sentry was dead. These are not nice people, whoever they are. I wasn't surprised.

Miranda came up quietly and whispered, "I couldn't find anyone behind him. I believe that there may be others but they are after the other sentries right now."

"Okay, take his place and I will circle around for the next one." She stood carefully as I stayed down and moved to our next sentry position. As luck would have it, he was one of our people and sleepy though awake. I came up to him and whispered softly, "This is Lem Jones. Don't jump. There are some bad folks around. They got the man to your right. Miranda has taken his place. Be alert. Be very alert. They killed the other. I'm going to continue around. Be ready to give the alarm." He nodded and I crawled off.

Joseph had put out five sentries because of the lay of the land. I went to the third and he also was one of ours. I gave him the same caution and noted that he stiffened at my news and warning. I crawled away to the fourth.

Our man was down with no one in his place. I suspected that they had figured out that someone was making the rounds. I gave the alarm and the confusion and fighting began. Two rose up in front of me looking for me since I gave the alarm. I killed them quickly with my sword. I went toward the sound of fighting from the back. Before they knew what was happening, I began to kill off the attackers from the back. I got three before any realized what was happening and some turned. It didn't matter. They weren't swordsmen and had no shields or armor. The fighting was hard but over quickly. There weren't as many as I would have thought.

Red and Miranda came up to me. "Are our folk okay?" I asked and received nods in return. "Good. Red, get out there and find their trail and make sure there aren't more of them. This was only a small raiding party, not the main group." He nodded and left. I looked at Miranda. "Can you go toward that position?" I said and pointed. She nodded. "Take someone with you and set up a sentry post a good hundred yards beyond our old posts." She nodded and left.

I found Joseph and told him what I had done. He sent two more to assist Miranda. He looked at me and asked, "You think there's more?"

"Yes, this group was too small. They shouldn't have taken us on. There must be more of them somewhere. Prepare for another attack. Use two at each sentry post and move them further out from camp. And tell them to be careful!"

Dawn broke without another attack. I retrieved my captive from the sentry post and started to talk to him. "I will only explain this once. You're dead unless you talk. If you don't talk until Miranda returns, then she will make you talk and you will wish you were dead. Then, eventually, you'll die."

Sylvie looked at me troubled and said, "Not another, it was so bloody last time."

"It's his choice." I looked at him. "What's it going to be?"

"If I talk, what happens to me?"

I said, "You become a slave with a chance that I will free you at some point."

"Okay, I'll talk. I don't want to be tortured."

"Who are you and your people?"

"I am Hiram and we are the Albertans. We came down from the north. The weather was too cold for us. We started as an outgrowth of another group and didn't have the resources we needed to be successful. We had come down close to the mountains crossing from the east during the summer."

"How many are you?"

"There are fifty men plus women and children."

"Why did you attack us?"

"You were across our path and would have attacked us had we waited."

"Wrong! We are on a mission that has nothing to do with conquest. You could have met with us in peace or just waited for us to pass. Now, we will probably wipe you out in response to your attack."

He was chagrined. He had a preconceived notion and it now seemed to have exploded. "Your people will be given a chance to surrender but that's it."

At that moment, Red returned with Miranda. She reported first, "Sentries are out and doubled. Since we know someone is out there, they will be very watchful."

Red spoke next, "I found their camp. There are about forty or so men. We can take them easily."

Hiram said, "Let me talk to them. I can get them to surrender."

I looked at him for a long moment. "We will bring you with our killing party and give you a chance. If you try anything, you will go down first and we'll kill you later and slowly."

"Thank you. I understand." He said.

We took two Fives and their men with the three of us. Miranda had Hiram. His hands were tied behind him and there was a rope around his neck that would choke him if he got too far away from Miranda. He was gagged. We arrived at the Albertans' camp and surrounded it. Red took out the sentries without killing them. He gave me his signal that everyone was ready. Miranda and I walked forward with Hiram in front. He was no longer gagged. We reached the clearing of their camp and I shouted, "Albertans, listen to me! You are surrounded. You attacked us and failed. We will not fail. If you fight, you die. If you surrender, we will enslave you but you will live." More quietly, I said, "Hiram, now's the time for you to speak."

Hiram stepped forward two paces and said loudly, "You know me. They wiped out the raiding party. They do have us surrounded. The sentries are not dead though they could have been. I believe him. We can live if we want but as slaves. If you will surrender, come toward my voice."

There was some murmuring and then a few started walking toward Hiram. "Drop your weapons!" I said. Those walking toward our position did. Finally, there were ten men and four women who were still armed and hadn't surrendered. I shouted, 'Pick a victim, Red, and shoot." A bow twanged and one of the men dropped with an arrow in his chest. None of them moved. "Okay, it's your choice. Shoot!" I said loudly and it was over. All of them were dead. The ones who surrendered were still and waited.

"Men, go in to the camp and gather the weapons." From all sides, men entered the camp and did as I told them. They also checked the tents and found six children who were sent to join their parents who had surrendered. When finished, they pulled back. I said, "Albertans, gather your possessions and prepare to come to our camp. You will be slaves. You will serve and obey us without question. We are the Angels." I decided that going into detail explaining that some of us weren't Angels would serve no useful purpose.

We returned to camp with our new slaves. I had told Red he could pick some if he wanted. I said I was happy with the ones we had. He picked three, a woman and man in their mid thirties who seemed to be a couple and another woman who was a younger and didn't seem to be attached to any man. He brought them to our fire and tents. We kept Hiram with us.

Miranda said, "You surrendered. Therefore, you will serve and obey us. We are the Masters." She pointed at Red, herself, and me. "The three girls are servants but will be senior to you. Obey them and us." They looked at Miranda who stared back. She was taller than any of the three. The younger woman saw something in her eyes and bowed.
Chapter 12
Home | Top | Frank Speaks's Page |   Feedback to author



 
Home | Frank Speaks's Page « New Times Index « Previous
Chapter 12
Posted: March 26, 2012 - 12:00:06 pm

Miranda said harshly, "What are your names?"

The older woman said, "I am Claire and this is my mate, Tom." She looked over at the man. She hadn't adjusted to the situation which might prove very unfortunate for her.

"Mistress, my name is Joan," said the other younger woman.

"Very well. Those names will do. Strip!" Miranda commanded.

Joan began to remove what little she had on which was a pullover blouse and a pair of pants. Claire just looked at Miranda in astonishment. Miranda held her hand out and Sylvie ran to our tent and came back with a whip. Miranda cracked it once. "I will presume this time only you didn't hear me. Strip! Now!"

Tom said, "Wait a minute. I'm no slave to a woman! You can't make me."

Miranda smiled slowly. She gave Sylvie the whip and then all her weapons. She said, "Oh, but I can! I'll try not to damage you too badly."

"Okay!" Red smirked. He had joined me at our camp with Jerry who also grinned a bit ruefully at the memory.

"Come on, Fool. You have a hard lesson to learn. When I'm finished with you, Claire gets ten lashes, twenty if she doesn't get naked right now!"

Tom was still defiant. "You can't make me do anything! I will never strip for you!"

Miranda said nothing. She was waiting. Tom came at her not thinking of her as an able adversary. He was thrown quickly. That made him mad. He came at her again and dropped screaming as she kicked him between the legs. He lay on the ground rolling in pain. "Strip or stand up and fight. It's your choice." Claire started to move to help her husband.

Sylvie said, "Don't. She might hurt him permanently if you hurry her."

Claire stopped. Tom came more slowly and warily. It made no difference. He was tossed to the ground again. He wasn't given an offer this time. He came on again and was thrown again.

"Last chance." Miranda said. "I'm going to break your left arm this time." Tom said nothing but charged her leading with his right. It mattered not. She grabbed him and started to throw him and then reversed her hold and we all heard a sickening snap as his upper left arm was broken. Tom screamed as did Claire.

Red said, "Break his left leg next. We'll kill him later. However, I think we ought to let him live long enough to see Claire get hers." Tom screamed again with an odd sound as the bones in his arm grated. Then Miranda did another move and we heard a deep crack and he went down with his left leg broken.

"Marva, get a log. They'll help." Red said and motioned to some onlookers who had gathered. She scurried to get one and Jules and some men went to help her pull it to our area. By then, we had gathered a larger audience. "I need a hammer and two long nails." Those were given to him. He grabbed Tom's good arm and hand and placed it on the log. "Hold that in place." Hands went to hold Tom's arm. Red took the hammer and a nail. He set the nail between the wrist bones and slammed it in place with four hammer blows. Tom and Claire both screamed loudly. Red and his helpers moved to the other arm and stretched it out. Tom screamed as the bone ground against itself and then was stretched. Red finished nailing Tom to the log by his wrists. Tom had passed out. Marva doused him with a bucket of water which woke him up.

Claire was moaning and wringing her hands. Miranda walked to Claire. She said, "Now, you're going to hurt real bad before you die in front of him. Only after you're dead will we finish him. You two were stupid. Your clothes were not worth your lives." She looked over at the men who had helped Red and said, "Strip her! You can take her if you want."

They grabbed Claire and ripped the clothes off her body. They were hurting her but they didn't care. After all, Miranda had declared a death sentence upon her. She picked up a number of scratches and bruises in the process. One of the men got between her legs and rammed a decent sized cock into her pussy while the other three held her. After the second, she quit screaming at them and just took their cocks and cum while crying quietly.

When the fourth one emptied his load in her and rose, Miranda had them tie her to a stake with her back to the crowd. She took back her whip and began to whip Claire's back, ass, and legs counting slowly as she did it until she had given Claire the twenty lashes. She came up to Claire's' torn back and ass and said, "Release her." Claire was sobbing and Miranda put her arm around her and walked her toward Tom saying, "Easy, easy, it will soon be over. There's just a little left to do." She looked over at Sylvie and said, "Cut away his pants and gag him."

Tom was now exposed. Miranda was still talking soothingly to Claire. "See, he's going to die and you can help him by making it faster. It must be done my way though. It will be all right. You'll see. Lean down and suck his cock. It's your kiss goodbye. Now, lift his cock and balls. Miranda guided her hand to lift his parts. She then put a knife in her other hand. She helped Claire as she told her, "Just cut them off and give them to me and his pain can start to end. Yours, too. You want that. An end to the pain. It can be over. Just a little cut. That's it. Nice and steady. It will be over soon." Claire was sobbing helplessly now as she cut into Tom's ball sac and then removed his cock, too. Miranda keep talking to her as she stared in horror tears rolling down her cheeks as the blood ran down between his legs and spattered her naked body. They rose back up with Claire holding his cock and balls in her left hand. Tom stared at her and at her hand. His eyes wide in pain and shock. Miranda kept talking to Claire who had dropped the knife. "Let the balls go. They don't matter any more. He won't use them again. You will both be released soon. Take his cock and put it in your mouth. See, that wasn't so hard."

Tears were rolling down her cheeks at the horror of what she was doing. "Let me tie it in." Miranda tied a short, thin rope around her head gagging her on Tom's cock. She took a sword and said, "Now, we can end it. Then you'll feel no more pain." Claire nodded numbly. Miranda said, "None of them fucked your ass. It needs something in it." Miranda set the sword upright with the point upward. She motioned to two men. "Give them your hands." Claire stretched her arms a bit and the men took her hands and arms so they could hold her up. They walked her over to the sword. Miranda aimed the sword at her ass and pushed Claire down on it gently That let about three inches go into her ass. Claire screamed through the cock and the gag. Tom screamed through his gag. Claire was bleeding but not heavily from this new wound.

Miranda said smoothly and gently, "Soon, it will be over. Just a little more and all will be well. With that statement, she looked at Claire and inclined her head downward. Claire sobbed but pushed down further on the sword. The sword went further into her ass cutting into her bowels. Miranda looked at Claire and said, "That's the idea. If you want it to all end, just let yourself down and take it like a long, long lover deep into your body." Claire looked at Miranda in horror and then at Tom bleeding from the wound she had given him. She sighed and allowed gravity to let her down on the sword taking it deep into her body and puncturing her diaphragm and a lung. She was now bleeding heavily and Miranda was saying, "See, that wasn't so hard. It's ending and all the pain will soon be gone."

Claire bled to death though it took about five minutes. Tom was crying as he was powerless to stop her torture and death. He couldn't even stop his own death which was taking longer as the blood didn't flow from the gap between his legs as quickly as it had from Claire's rectum.

When her eyes glazed over and she sagged in death, Miranda went to him and said still in that soft, scary voice, "Now, it's your turn for the pain to go away." She cut across his stomach and his intestines fell out in front of him on the ground and he bled more. She waited for his eyes to glaze over in death. When he was dead, Miranda looked around and saw many of the new slaves as well as others there watching, "Does anyone else who is a slave want to disobey the commands given them?"

There were a number of pale faces in the crowd. Not a one of the slaves, new or old, said a word. The bodies were hauled away. Miranda looked over at Joan and said, "Will you obey?"

"Yes, Mistress. I will do anything you say in every way and obey those slaves you place senior to me." She bowed to the ground. She then crawled over to Miranda and kissed her feet. She said, "My body, my life, are yours to do with as you might desire."

"Very well, Slave. You will live. You can ask your senior slaves about their lives. Their lives aren't hard but they do obey."

Marva and Sylvie went to her and talked a minute. The three of them nodded to Jules and then the four went to the fire and started cooking our meal. It was a quiet supper.

The only thing said was from Miranda to Red, "If you want, you might pick out some more. Hopefully, they will obey when commanded."

'Slave Joan, come here." Miranda said. Joan came forward immediately and knelt before Miranda with her face at Miranda's feet. "Look up, Slave." Joan looked up at Miranda. "Have you sucked a cock?" Nod. "Did you deep throat it?" Another nod. "Did you swallow the cum?" Still, another nod.

"Have you been fucked?" Nod. "Have you been fucked in the ass?" Another nod. "Have you been double penetrated with one in your pussy and one in your ass?"

"Yes, Mistress. Tom liked to share me with others even though Claire didn't like him taking me so often."

"Oh, you were a servant to Tom. Did he take you while Claire watched?"

"Yes, Mistress. He would have friends over and they would all take me."

"Did you ever suck Claire's pussy?"

"Yes, Mistress. Whenever she would fuck, she would have me suck the cum from her pussy or ass whichever hole was used as well as at other times." She paused. "She would also slap me and call me names."

"I don't guess you were sorry to see them die?"

"I wasn't sorry, Mistress, but those were hard deaths"

"I know. It's not a good idea to refuse me."

"I would not refuse you anything, Mistress."

"We'll see. We'll see. I think we will take you to bed tonight and introduce you to Lem. Sylvie can tell you about him. He is bigger than Tom ever was, much bigger. It will hurt you but you will have to bear through the pain."

"Yes, Mistress. I will do my best for you."

After we had all eaten and the cooking and eating utensils had been cleaned and put away, the four of us went into our tent. It's good that it was a pretty big tent. Miranda and I lay down side by side. I could feel Miranda's body quiver as she was already excited from the torture killings of earlier today. I sat up and said, "Strip your mistress, Sylvie." Sylvie's eyes were shining with excitement knowing there was going to be some hard fucking tonight. She undressed Miranda carefully and bathed her glorious body with kisses. All three women were now naked. I said, "Kneel before me all three of you." I paused as they got in position. "Know, Joan, that, in this tent, even Miranda is a servant. This is why." I opened my pants and pushed them down. My erect cock, full erect, was sticking out in the air from my body at a slight upward angle like a flag pole on the side of a building. Joan gasped and her eyes were wide. "Now, you will find out why Miranda is and will always be the best. Suck!"

Miranda leaned forward from her center position and swallowed my cock all the way into her mouth and down her throat without pausing or any seeming effort. He nose was buried in my public hairs as her tongue laved my balls. When she came up, I lay down and said, "Mount me." She straddled my legs and lowered herself over me taking my cock into her pussy all the way to the root without pause only grunting when the last two inches vanished through her stretched pussy lips. She began to rock seating herself more firmly in her body. Joan was looking at her with wonder in her eyes. She had never seen a cock my size before and couldn't imagine that a female could take it as easily as Miranda seemed to be able to take it. "Up!" I ordered. Miranda rose up and turned around to the reverse cowgirl position and placed my cock at her ass. She lowered her body and moaned for an instant as her sphincter muscle popped open to allow me entrance into her ass. She then pushed down taking me all the way into her anal tract lowering faster until she grunted when I was all the way in and my pelvis bumped her butt cheeks.

"Sylvie, give her a kiss and then a hand." Sylvie moved forward and planted a long, loving tongue kiss on Miranda's pussy sucking on her clit as she did. When she finally came up for air, she took her hand and began to push into Miranda's pussy until it was buried in her pussy to just beyond the wrist. We began to move fucking Miranda's beautiful, supple body as Miranda and I worked toward orgasms. After some minutes, we reached the top together and I shot a tremendous load into her ass as she squirted her pussy juices over Sylvie's hand and face.

Miranda and I both groaned with the intensity of our cums and then she relaxed back onto my chest. After catching my breath, I said, "Joan, that's why she is the best. You now have a goal to work toward."

"Yes Master. I will try. Senior Slave Sylvie, would you please fist my pussy?"

"Yes, Darling Joan," Sylvie replied, "lay down beside Master and Mistress and spread your legs wide." Joan did as she was told and Sylvie used the same hand that was soaked with Miranda's juices and began inserting two fingers into Joan's much smaller pussy. It wasn't long before she was groaning with four fingers in her to the thumb joint which was a little surprising as the wide part of Sylvie's hand was now in her. Sylvie drew her hand back, folded her thumb into her palm, and pushed it all into Joan's pussy. Joan moaned loudly as she felt stretched widely and had Sylvie's hand further in her body than anything had ever been before.

"Ah-h-h!" She moaned. "It hurts but it hurts good. More, please, more!" Sylvie's hand went in further wiggling and twisting. Joan began to orgasm repeatedly until she went limp.

Sylvie smiled and slowly pulled her hand from Joan's limp body. Joan sighed once more with the pleasure she had received. Her legs twitched as she felt the emptiness when Sylvie's hand came out of her body.

Miranda rolled off me onto her stomach and said, "Slave Joan, suck my ass clean."

"Yes, Mistress." Joan groaned as she moved her now tired body into place to suck on Miranda's ass. Sylvie's mouth was planted on my cock licking and sucking.

Sylvie still had trouble taking my length when I was fully hard but she tried hard. I hardened under her ministrations. I pulled her off my cock and moved behind Joan.

Gently, but firmly, I pushed my cock into her pussy and she moaned into Miranda's ass as her pussy walls were stretched wide to encompass my thickness and length. She began moaning as I forced my cock slowly into her body. I stopped after getting about six inches in and let her try to adjust.

"Yes," she groaned, "push it in further." I pushed in another four inches or so. She had most of my cock but a noticeable length was still outside her. "Is it all in?" She groaned.

Sylvie said, "There's still four inches to go."

Joan gasped, "Push! I can take it! I will take it!" I pushed further in and popped through her cervix into her womb. Joan screeched and I was in all the way as her last defense had given way.

She was panting with the intrusion of my cock so deep into her body. Sylvie wormed her hand under her and began to tweak her clit. That caused her to open a bit and I began to fuck in and out slowly but forcefully. She was moaning and I started to worry until Sylvie drew back her hand and licked it. "Pure pussy juice. She is loving this." She said.

Joan was crying, "More, more," as she panted with the pressure on her pussy. I knew she was panting into Miranda's' ass which Miranda enjoyed as I watched her butt cheeks quiver. By now, I was slapping Joan's butt cheeks with my pelvis as I pumped into her. I still did not power into her like I could do with Miranda but treated her pussy much like I did Sylvie's taking her higher and higher in orgiastic delight. Her pussy was convulsing continuously on my cock as her orgasms were now non-stop. Finally, after a mighty grunt, she went limp under me and I finished, giving her a good load. When I pulled away, Sylvie's mouth attacked me to lick up all the juices and then went to Joan's pussy to suck my cum from that worn pussy. Joan just lay there and didn't move.

I lay beside Miranda and gave her a kiss which she returned gently. We finally drifted off to sleep. I woke up to a blow job. At first, I thought it was Sylvie because, as I hardened, the mouth could not handle the depth of my cock in her throat. I opened my eyes and saw Joan's head bobbing up and down taking as much of my cock as she could. I needed to pee and said, "If you don't stop, I'll fill you with piss." Joan didn't miss a beat so I released my bladder. She pushed her head down on my cock and deep into her throat taking my pee straight into her stomach. The release of my bladder and her sucking and convulsing were almost as good as an orgasm.

I finally slowed to a dribble and she released me from her mouth. I had emptied my bladder into her stomach. I relaxed back for a moment and then rose up to dress for another day. Joan went outside. I didn't ask if she threw up my piss or kept it in. I didn't ask her to do that so figured how she handled the issue wasn't going to be my concern. As I was leaving the tent, she went back in.

After a while, Miranda came out dressed and came to the fire joining me in drinking coffee. She had a strange look on her face and asked me, "Did she drink your piss?"

"Yes, but she volunteered."

"That's what happened to me, too." She paused. "Strange." I nodded.

A while later, Joan and Sylvie came out. Sylvie had a funny look on her face as she came up to us and got a cup of coffee. Miranda said, "She drank your piss, too."

"Yes," Sylvie said quietly, "she volunteered and swallowed every drop. She thanked me when I finished."

Miranda said, "If she likes it, she can do it. It doesn't bother me one way or the other though it's not my drink of choice."

Red had picked out two more slaves and one camp girl to add to our little group. The three were brought before all of us and introduced as Meg, Anna, and Lynn. Meg and Anna were fresh slaves and Lynn had been brought from the Angel's city as a slave who was allowed to follow her master. He had recently been killed in the fighting.

Lynn was a fine looking young woman of twenty or so with small breasts and long light brown hair. Meg and Anna looked like sisters in their late teens with light colored hair and a bit larger than average breasts.

Miranda took charge at that point, "Okay, you three, let's see what you look like. Strip." Apparently, they had heard yesterday's story and quickly removed their clothing. Miranda went up to each one and felt their breasts and pushed her hand between their legs which they opened for her. "You're Meg?"

"Yes, Mistress. I will obey you in every way. Anna is my sister. She can't talk but she will obey you, too." Anna nodded her head to show she understood and would obey.

Miranda reached over to Anna and twisted a nipple hard enough to hurt. Anna opened her mouth but only a hoarse moan came out. Her eyes were open wide and tears came from the pain. Miranda released the nipple and said, "Don't touch it. Let it ache." Anna nodded.

Miranda went over to Lynn. "Do you know sex well?" She nodded. "You will have sex with everyone here."

"Yes, Mistress. I will obey you in every way and try to please you at all times."

Miranda responded, "Yes, you will obey. It is best that way. Kneel, Lynn. Remove my pants and suck my pussy." Lynn didn't hesitate and did as she was told. Miranda let her head roll back on her shoulders and moaned in pleasure.

Jerry came up to Anna and pushed her down. He then unfastened his pants and said, "Suck!" Anna took him in her mouth and down her throat. "She has no tongue!" Jerry exclaimed. Now, we knew why she didn't talk, she couldn't. Meg watched as her sister sucked Jerry's cock and Lynn sucked Miranda's pussy.

I had learned that Miranda loved to show off her body. It was an absolutely amazing body with her height and large, firm breasts. She had a small waist and a delightful ass that rode high. Her athletic body was about as good as a body could be and she knew how to please a man or a woman as well as how to take her pleasure. She was enjoying Lynn's efforts greatly. She then saw Joan. She wiggled her finger and Joan came over to her. "Slave Joan, lick my ass and get your tongue deep inside." she commanded.

"Yes, Mistress." said Joan and she knelt behind her and cupped her butt cheeks with her hands and applied her tongue to Miranda's anus. She pushed her face tight against Miranda's butt trying to push her tongue as far as possible into her rectum as she could.

Jerry came down Anna's throat and pulled back as she sucked the last bit of cum from his cock. He walked over to Jules and said, "Very different. Good, but you're better, Jules."

Red said, "Anna, come here, slave. I want your ass." Anna moved toward him but looked scared.

"She has never been ass fucked, Master." Meg said, "Please, take my ass instead."

"If I do, I will whip hers the entire time I am fucking yours." Both girls went pale.

Meg said, "May I lick her and you to provide some lube?"

"Yes, that will be fine." Red was laying back and had eased his pants down his legs. Meg knelt before him and began to suck his cock getting it wet with her saliva. Her sister was bent before Red, also. Meg turned to her and began to tongue her ass hole, sticking her tongue inside trying to wet it and make it slick. "Enough, mount up, Slave. Help your sister get her anal cherry popped. Meg was frightened looking as was her sister but she helped Anna into place and placed Red's cock at her anus.

"Push down, Sis. It will feel good soon." Anna let her body down on Red and his cock popped into her ass. She groaned as he filled her. She let her weight take her down and his cock was forced in balls deep. She fell forward limply and Red let his cock stay in her ass as she adjusted to his intrusion. After a moment, she lifted up and began to rock on his cock which was now deeply embedded in her ass. She then began to pump up and down on it huffing as she did. She was tiring and Red used his hands to move her on his cock until he gave her his load, the first in her ass. After straining in her to push the last drop of cum into her anal chute, he lay back and pushed her off him.

"Suck your sister clean." Meg went pale again at that command but did as she was told. The deaths from yesterday had given all slaves an opportunity to understand what could happen if you disobeyed or failed to move quickly in obedience to a command.

By this time, Miranda had cum to the two mouths on her lower body and let her female cum splash over Lynn's face. She looked at me and said, "Joan has a good tongue, Lem. You'll have to try it some time."

Meg had her face buried in her sister's ravaged ass licking up the cum that leaked out along with any juices from the distended hole which was her sister's formerly virgin butt. Anna was making sounds as she was getting off again to her sister's efforts.

The day passed with our small group taking their enjoyment from each other and the new slaves regularly. We even had all six of the girls get into a daisy chain and suck each others' cunts. Marva had Anna's mouth and admitted that it was different but she missed the tongue action that Anna was incapable of giving. All six of them were fisted even the new girls. After they had cum a few times and moved apart, it was explained that my cock was larger than normal and fisting was a manner of readying their bodies for me to take them.

While we were eating our supper, Joseph joined us and said that we would stay here for the winter before continuing on our journey. This spot offered better pasturage and cover than any we had seen. The weather was turning cold again. We stayed for two months. We spent the time working on equipment and using our slaves. All our slaave girls, new and old, had learned to take me in their pussies and asses all the way. It still caused most of them some pain but they could do it. Only Miranda could take me and another man or a fist in her other hole without serious pain.

The weather seemed to let up some. Further south, it would be full spring. We sent a search party out with Red leading. It barely made it back due to weather. We waited another month and Red went out again.

He reported back, "We can go if the weather holds. There is still snow in the upper reaches but the pass is fairly clear. I say that it's time to go."

We left the next morning crossing the mountains and looking for Hans.
Chapter 13
Home | Top | Frank Speaks's Page |   Feedback to author


 
Home | Frank Speaks's Page « New Times Index « Previous
Chapter 13
Posted: March 27, 2012 - 08:20:48 pm

We headed out into the mountains following the remains of an old road with Red leading along with David and his scouts. We were lucky. The weather held and we got through the mountains without serious incident. We came out on the plains still following the remains of that old road.

Including everyone, we were between three hundred and three hundred fifty people However, Joseph only had eighty-three fighting men left. Jerry was on that list but he commanded only six men all of who had been injured and were not able to ride. They were our wagon drivers. I could tell they were hurt by their status but they did a fine job and worked to think with Jerry how to use the wagons to help their comrades if needed. I had a bad feeling that they would be needed. The Century traveled as one unit with the camp followers and others strung out behind on our back trail. Since they were the bigger group, I somewhat hoped they would attract attention more than the Century that was in front. We traveled in the middle of the Century.

We came to an old area which had been cleared at one time. It had started to grow back but you could see that some things were just not natural. Even trees and plants looked different from any others I had ever seen. The old woman mentioned that possibility and that it meant we were getting close to our goal and that time was becoming an issue. The land was rolling with little vegetation except for this new, ugly, and different plant life.

Everyone was on edge. The attack, when it came, was sudden and violent. Those attacking did not look quite like human beings. They were misshapen, being large, or tiny with skin colors that looked unnatural. Some were gold, some silver, some blue, green, yellow, browns of various hues, and purple. The colors were bright like they were painted on the skin.

They had no clothing and no weapons except those provided by nature; teeth and nails. A couple of them had clubs. Their advantage was in numbers. They came at the side of our strung out line at the rear guard and in front of the followers. The bulk of their initial attack was on the followers and those people were decimated. They were not fighters, had few weapons, and were mostly women.

When the attack started, we saw the rear guard go down and Joseph ordered a wheeling maneuver to counter-attack. Even our wagons joined in the wheel though they couldn't keep pace with the horsemen who waded into the attacking party. Now, it was the turn of the attackers to be decimated. By the time, Joseph and his Fives had his people under control, it was obvious that we weren't fighting normal people. We captured two to return to Miranda for her tender questioning. We had a blue and a yellow. They were tied and gagged. The gags were to prevent them from biting at everyone rather prevent them from screaming for help. None of those fighters ever asked for mercy and they attacked until killed or immobilized. Some were even female though that didn't seem to matter with regard to the fighting.

Miranda took possession of the blue female and the yellow male. She started on the female. "Will you talk to me if your gag is untied?" Miranda asked.

The blue woman nodded slowly. Miranda made a motion and her gag was untied from behind her. She cried, "Kill me! My people will not let me live if I am captured by a lower order. They will know I am defective."

Miranda said, "Who are your people?"

"We are the Gammas. No one can beat us because we have the magic metal that kills or changes."

"Where do you live?"

"In the caverns over there." She motioned with her head roughly in the direction we were going.

"Why would your people, the Gammas, kill you if you are taken alive?"

"We are the fighters and we do not surrender. Your people knocked me out or you would not have me now. We are many. We eat what we kill."

We had some listeners and there was an intake of breath at that statement. Miranda thought for a minute and then said, "Retie her gag. We may still grant her wish."

She went over to the Yellow man and said, "Will you talk with me?" He also nodded slowly and she had his gag untied. She said, "What is your name?"

"I am fighter XR-41 of the Gammas."

"That's a different name. I am named Miranda. Are all your people named like you?"

"No other has my name though there are other XR people. The blues have a different naming sequence as do the others."

"So, a yellow woman could be named XR-40?"

"Yes, and there was one with that name. She was killed in the attack. You have come onto our lands and we are hungry for fresh meat."

'You eat people?"

"We eat the lower orders. Don't you?"

"We have never thought of those who can talk and reason as 'lower orders.' Are you running out of food in your land?"

"Yes, we have eaten every animal available. We search for others while we grow more animal food."

"We may be a 'lower order' to you but we don't allow ourselves to be trapped in your situation through poor planning." Miranda turned to the blue girl. "Are you a virgin?" She shook her head, no. Have you ever been fucked in the ass?" She grimaced but nodded. "Can you take a big cock?" She nodded. Miranda looked over at yellow guy. "Is he big?" The blue girl looked over and nodded. He would be about seven inches long when hard, neither as long nor as thick as Red.

"Let's strap her down and let Red start." She wiggled trying to resist as she was moved to her hands and knees and tied in place with her legs spread. Red came up behind her and dropped his pants. Yellow guy's eyes went wide but our blue girl couldn't see what was happening behind her. Red pushed into her pussy and her eyes went wide as she screamed with pain as she was roughly spread open by Red's cock.

"He's big, but he's not huge." Miranda said. "Lem, show her what huge looks like."

I chuckled and stood in front of her and unfastened my pants and let them drop. My half hard cock was at about ten inches. The blue girl was suitably impressed as she grunted to the thrusts of Red in her pussy.

Miranda said, "If you don't answer completely both of you, you will get Lem's tool all the way in your ass without any lubrication. We noticed then that both blue and yellow faces could become pale with fear. Red pumped a good load into blue girl and pulled out. He went to a nearby creek to wash with Marva in attendance.

They were almost eager to tell us everything about the Gammas. XR-41 and CR-72, the blue female, were willing talkers. They seemed to have no allegiance to their kind or to the other Gammas. The strangest thing about them was their insistence that they had their children from vats rather than normal pregnancies It was obvious that CR-72 wasn't a virgin and, though she looked old enough, she also didn't look like she had had any children being slim almost girlish in her figure. They were both totally hairless.

When Marva returned, Miranda had her take notes and ask more questions while we went to talk to Joseph. Joseph went over the attack and defense possibilities with us and said the captives should be put to death or taken as slaves after they ran out of answers to questions. I told Joseph that we would have to think on it but would probably take them into slavery rather than kill them. We returned to camp after talking over sentry needs and methods. The Gammas weren't smart fighters but they attacked in large numbers which made defending against them difficult.

When we returned, Marva asked one more question and then looked at Miranda and said, "I can't think of anything else to ask."

"Thank you, Marva." Miranda said, "You two get a choice though they're not great ones. However, they're better than some have been given. Your choices are to be put to death quickly. The other choice is that you live and become slaves to our group. Lem is the head with Red and I as his seconds. Do you have any questions before you make your choices?"

XR-41, the yellow guy, said, "What does being a slave mean?"

It means your owner or owners, in this case, have complete and total control over you without pause or reservation even if you owner decides you should die."

"That will happen otherwise, anyway. Who would be my owner? or owners?"

"Your owners would be Lem, Red, and me. No matter what we tell you, you will have to obey. I have created some very painful deaths when I have been disobeyed."

"Would you have me let Lem take my ass with his cock? asked XR-41.

"You could be so ordered and would have to obey. However, it is unlikely as he doesn't like boys. CR-72, you could likely be so ordered. It's possible as all the females here have had his cock in our mouths, pussies, and asses. It can be done though it can also be painful if you resist. Now, what are your choices?"

"I will be a slave." said XR-41. "I will obey orders."

"I will obey as a slave." CR-72 said, "Please, be patient with me as I have never been a slave before but I will do my best."

With those statements, two more were added to our group. Miranda assigned them to Sylvie to bring them to an understanding of their duties and our expectations. They weren't stupid, just ignorant. Neither of them had worn clothes in the attack and we made no effort to clothe either one of them now. It was strange to see CR-72, a woman, totally bald. She didn't even have eyebrows or eyelashes.

The rest of our day passed as usual. We bandaged the wounded and burned the dead including our attackers. I noticed that our attackers bodies gave off a different and disagreeable odor when burning. As men and camp followers came by, both our new slaves were used sexually mostly for the novelty. CR-72, or "Blue" as Sylvie named her was kept on her back so she could suck pussy and cock and be fucked in her pussy or her legs folded up and her ass taken. Yaller, as XR-41 was called, was also kept on his back and was fucked by many of the camp follower women and got to suck a number of pussies. Blue had semen flowing from her pussy and ass as well as bruised lips from sucking cock and pussy. I had privately decided to not use either of them for a while. Neither Miranda or Sylvie expressed interest in either of them.

After supper, we staked them down with Blue on top. Yaller didn't like that since they were in the sixty-nine position and he was getting a face full of what drained from her pussy and ass. He was told that he could be on top and get his ass used instead. He didn't complain much after that. Miranda, Sylvie, and I retired to our tent. Joan joined Red and Marva.

Our sex was enjoyable and, for us, subdued. I fucked each in their pussies. After licking me clean, Sylvie and Miranda moved into a sixty-nine position to lick my cum from each others' pussies. We drifted off to sleep though could hear the groans as Blue wax taken repeatedly during the night.

In the morning, we were attacked again. Our sentries on that side warned us before they were overrun and the Century was ready. We took fifteen or twenty with arrows before they reached us. Miranda and I both used our swords with Sylvie lying between us for protection. She had a sword but was not effective with it. We finally killed off the attackers. I noticed that Blue and Yaller had been killed.

Blue had had many bites had been taken out of her back and butt. Yaller had his legs and arms bitten.

Joseph came to me and said, "We have to take the battle to them. We are winning but it's costing us men we can't afford to lose. I think we should push on even though it's in the direction of the Gamma base. We're down to sixty effectives. We're winning the fights but losing the war."

"I agree. Let's get it together and move out quickly." I said.

An hour later we were on the move with solid guards to the front and sides. Small groups would attack every few miles. We took no prisoners and none of our people were taken alive. We didn't move fast but covered about ten miles before finding a camping spot for the night that let us have our backs up against a ridge. We spent the night on edge ready for an attack that never came. All of us were tired when morning came. We mounted up again and continued on our search for Hans. We came to a ruin that Blue and Yaller had identified as "Kima." It was a ruin a little west of our line of travel but gave us some defensible points for the night's camp. I couldn't say why but it felt safe. We pulled in and set up a comfortable camp for the night. After supper, Miranda, Sylvie, and I went to our tent stripping as soon as we were inside. I lay down to allow the girls to do what they wanted. I felt Miranda's tongue, mouth, and throat envelope my length making it disappear from sight in the slight light inside our tent. Sylvie took two fingers in her pussy groaning as I twisted them inside her taking her to the first orgasm of the night. At first, I was letting myself go and then changed my mind and, with one hand, pulled Miranda up to straddle me and take my length into her pussy Her holes were still the most welcoming I had ever experienced. I could enjoy a sensual session or a very hard fuck and she could take both and enjoy them equally. My cock was welcomed by her but it never seemed to pain her as it did so many. Even Sylvie, Jules, and Joan had to work to get all of me in any of their holes.

I came into Miranda's pussy and Sylvie, with three fingers in her twat from me, sucked all the cum she could find. We lay back for the night. Sylvie moved off my fingers and went down to suck us both gently through the night.

When we woke the next morning, I saw Red come out of his tent with a funny look on his face. He came over to the fire and joined me for a cup of coffee. I said, "Now I know where Joan was last night."

He grinned and said, "She swallows piss. She's doing Marva now."

"It's startling the first time but it does feel good."

"Yeah, What's for today? Are we still looking for Hans?"

"Correct. It's tough when we don't know exactly what it is we're trying to find."

"True. I'm worried about those Gammas. There's a lot of them and I just hope they aren't where we are supposed to go."

"They said they live in caverns that are over that way." Red said, pointing a bit to the left of the direction I was going to choose this morning.

"That's still close to where I think we should be going." I pointed at some ruins. "That's where I want to go today."

"Let's take a small group and go over there. I think just us and ten other guys from the Century. We'll leave the rest but take our main girls."

I thought about it for a moment. "There's some risk but we can move quicker and, if it's the right place, Jeseph can get everyone else moving quickly. I'm going to talk with Joseph. Get the others ready."

I talked with Joseph and he would get the rest moving while we were gone. If we came back with torches blazing, he would know to move away from the ruin as fast as possible. He assigned me ten men with Jerry as their leader.

We left fifteen minutes later with Jerry and ten men plus Miranda, Red, Sylvie, Marva, Jules, Joan, and myself. All of us were on horses with the wagon left at our camp. I think Red and Miranda suspected like I did that we wouldn't be returning for the others.
Chapter 14
Home | Top | Frank Speaks's Page |   Feedback to author



 
Home | Frank Speaks's Page « New Times Index « Previous
Chapter 14
Posted: March 31, 2012 - 01:42:56 pm

We rode up to the ruins which looked like most ruins except that this one had the sign that the witch had described to me. We forced our way inside and I found the room just like Clarissa, the witch, had described it. There was a large pedestal in the middle of the room and the talisman fit into a hole on it. When I pushed the talisman home, there was a click. A voice said, "Self destruct is activated. Countdown commencing. Ten minutes. Nine minutes, fifty-nine seconds..."

The voice droned on counting down seconds. "Everyone, out now and fast." We went outside and ditched our torches. Mounting our horses, we rode out of the ruins quickly. We could see our camp which was being attacked by a horde of Gammas. They were surrounded and there were too many for us to break through or break them out. The ten men with us rode that way fast to try just that. I reined in. "That way and fast." I said, pointing. "We can't get far enough away if we try to help them and we and those ten won't be enough to break through them. Ride!"

We rode away from the ruins and the Angel camp at a gallop.

Marva had apparently been counting down. "One minute before the destruction!"

I yelled, "Ride faster! We have to get to cover!"

We goaded the horses to try to go faster. Up ahead, I saw a creek bed that cut deeply into the ground. "Get in there! Dismount! Crouch down! Now!"

We rode in and got off the horses. I thought about holding them but realized that wasn't a good idea. We crouched down together with two blankets that Red and I had brought covering us. "Stay down. We don't know how bad it will be. I'm guessing fire at least." I said.

"Zero," said Marva.

A moment later, there was the biggest bang I had ever heard in my life. It was like the sound of hundreds of lightning bolts thundering at once. Even under the blanket, the light was fierce and hot. Joan jumped up to look and was blown away her body blazing as she screamed a short cry before dying. Everyone else huddled closer knowing that was our only hope to survive.

We waited for the light to die down and the wind to slow. Remembering what the old witch said, I told everyone to stay under cover longer.

Sylvie asked, "What about the others and the Gammas?"

"I'm afraid they're gone in the fire. I have never seen anything like this before." I said soberly. We waited most of an hour after the light and the wind were back to normal before we looked about. The area was devastated.

I looked over toward the ruins and it was an open sore in the ground. The Angel camp only had a few isolated sticks and lumps left. There were no people. Suddenly, the ground shook. I managed to remain standing though not one of the others did. Then, they stood up and joined me in looking around. Joan was gone. Our horses were gone. The entire area looked like a very hot fire had burned through. I looked over up the creek bed and saw half a horse. I could see a lump on top of the little ridge which I guessed might be the rest of it. I didn't want to look any closer. The stench of death was all around us.

"There's nothing we can do here. We're leaving. Go that way." I said and pointed southwards down the path of the creek bed. That was the closest direction to an area that might have been protected.

"Lem, feel this." Miranda said holding up one of the blankets. I did and it was singed across the top as it had laid upon us.

"We need to go. We have no provisions and I'm not sure about eating anything killed by that fire. We'll gather what we can as we go but be careful."

We moved out walking and watching for anything. This was suddenly a strange land. We skipped lunch and drank sparingly of our water. In mid afternoon, the land fell away and the burned area ceased. For a number of miles, the tops of trees were still burned. We were tiring, particularly the girls who were used to riding in a wagon and not walking. Finally, I called a halt for the day. We made our camp for the night among some trees and found a creek close by. Red took his bow to hunt while everyone else gathered wood for a fire. Jerry and Jules filled the three canteens at the creek, we drank our fill, and they went again. When Red returned, he had a small deer that he had field dressed.

We made supper and banked our fire so it would burn safely all night. We used the blankets to create two reflectors for the heat and slept in our clothes. We were all quiet. It was tough to realize that everyone else had been killed.

In the morning, Miranda asked, "Lem, what happened back there?"

"I'm not sure. We found the ruin with the sign that the old witch told me to expect along with the room with the pedestal. She had told me to put the talisman into a slot there which I did. She told me that, after doing that, I should run fast to get away because a big fire would occur. That must be the self destruct. She said it would be violent."

Sylvie said, "If we hadn't found that creek bed, we would have died, too."

"I know. The witch said we might die even if we were successful. Now, the question is, what are our hearts' desires? She promised us that also."

Sylvie smiled. "Master and Mistress, to continue to serve the two of you is my heart's desire." She told Miranda and me.

I smiled and said, "Sylvie, there is no thought to have you depart from us."

Miranda looked at me and said, "Lem, is there an 'us?'"

I smiled at her and said, "Miranda, I think there is or, at least, can be."

She smiled back at me. She said, "Yes."

I mentally shook myself and said for all to hear, "People, let's get ready to go and put down some miles. It still can get cold and we need to find a better place to stay where we can restock our provisions as well." Everyone groaned but started moving. We left soon afterward.

We headed out south-southeast following what was probably an old road. It was in such bad shape that it was hard to determine. Red took point to watch for problems and to hunt. We needed enough food for us all and to, hopefully, build up a little reserve for times when hunting wasn't successful. Jerry and our three girls were the ones who set our speed though I would push them when I thought it necessary.

We made good progress and eventually came to another ruin. We checked a good bit of it out and found it uninhabited. We found shelter from the weather and decided to make it our camp for a while to rest and build some reserves. Winter wasn't over and we needed to be better prepared. Red went out by himself and Miranda and I went out together. Red found a herd of deer and ravaged it. Miranda and I found horses! We returned to camp riding having roped two and broken them. They were still wild but training would make a difference in time.

We all went after Red's deer and brought them into camp after field dressing them on site. We were just in time as the scent of the fresh kills had drawn competitors to the potential meal. We left the scraps for the other predators.

Our shelter was in the corner of an old building that still had some cover on it. We built our fire in the open and it reflected back into our area. We skinned out nine deer and built make shift racks to stretch the skins. We needed the leather. We ate well that night and spent the rest of the afternoon before supper scrapping hides and smoking meat. After supper, we retired to our beds with appetites of a different type. Jules and Marva were in a sixty-nine on their sides licking each others' pussies while Jerry and Red came behind them and fucked their asses. By then, I was involved with my two as I pushed my cock deep into Miranda's pussy and began to slam her deep and hard while she licked Sylvie's pussy who leaned forward and licked at our junction. I came hard trying to bury my body into Miranda's pussy and filling her with my load of cum as she came with me gushing. Sylvie fell forward with her own cum from Miranda's tongue. As I pulled out, she gobbled my cock cleaning it of cum, mine and Miranda's. When I pulled back further, she fixed her mouth on Miranda's pussy trying to suck out all the cum. After a while, Miranda took me in her mouth and sucked me to a full erection. Once I was fully hard, she pulled back and I came out of her throat and mouth. She mounted me taking my cock into her ass this time in reverse cowgirl position with Sylvie at her pussy licking and fingering her. Eventually, Sylvie was licking her clit and fisting her pussy as she let her body enjoy cum after cum until I finally dumped my load into her bowels. She rolled off on her stomach beside me and Sylvie's hand twisted staying in her pussy. Sylvie's mouth took my cock and again cleaned it before she went to Miranda to suck my cum from her ass. Sylvie came from her efforts though no one had touched her body. She truly seemed to derive pleasure from using her mouth and hands on us.

When I looked over, I noticed that the other four were finished and lying together in a tangle sated, also. No one moved any more that night until morning came and we started readying breakfast and talking about plans for the day and further into the future.

We were still far to the north of the Angels' home and well east. At some point, we needed to go further east or back west to avoid the Vegans. Our choices were to return to the Angel's city or to go more east for other lands. All of us wanted to go south to get into better and warmer weather.

We had a long discussion about it while we worked the meat and hides. The only one with any interest in returning to the Angel's territory was Jerry and he really didn't care. We talked about what we could do with our skills and abilities. A number of the towns larger than Blytheton were appointing a town sheriff to keep the peace and enforce the town rules. With the abilities of the four of us with weapons, we could handle most groups even twice as large as ourselves. We decided that we would hire out as sheriff and deputies. Jules, Marva, and Sylvie huddled together and said they wanted to open a restaurant. That made sense since Jules was an excellent cook, Marva could handle the business, and Sylvie could be the hostess out front. None of them wanted to whore which was almost the only other choice.

Leaving Jerry and the girls to guard the hides and food, the other three of us went looking for horses. Initially, it would slow us down but, in the long run, travel on horseback would be quicker and easier. We had to hunt the herd and then figure out how to pen enough of them to have some choices. We found the herd and picked a place to pen them on the first day as well as preparing the pen. On the second day, we put our plan, actually Red's, into action. It worked. In addition to the two we had already, we had ten more mostly mares. We found a new place that was as good or better than our first but very close to our horse pen. We set up there and began the process of gentling our herd.

We stayed for most of a month picking up a few more animals for furs and meat. We needed vegetables but I had no idea where to find them. Grains we had found in the fields outside the ruins. We found some potatoes that weren't ruined but we were primarily meat eaters for now.

Our stay had two advantages. First, Jerry became a better swordsman as did Red, while I improved my skills with a bow. Miranda was almost as good as Red with a bow and me with a sword. Even more than ever, I would not want to face her in a fight weapons or not. The second advantage was that our camp was snug and we weathered two snow storms without a problem

None of us were sure exactly where we were but knew we had to strike south and east to get where we wanted to go. There was an old town called, "The Oaks." I didn't know what the situation might be there but knew that it was far enough south to avoid the worst of the winters and had a large enough population that our sheriff idea might be of interest. However, it was far, far away.

We made our way out of the ruins with our horses and our hides gathering food as we went. Our direction was south right now following some ancient road until we came to a lake. When I took a sip, I was unpleasantly surprised to find that it tasted salty! We followed the lake shore south and east until we came to some ruins. We found a place there though it wasn't as snug as our place further north. We could see the trail of the old road went south following the lake and that another part went southeast. After talking, we decide to go southeast. I had heard of this lake though never expected to see it and knew it was well north of the Vegans and west and north of Blytheton. There was no reason to go to Blytheton and heading more east would insure that we gave the Vegans a wide miss.

We followed the ancient road southeast into the mountains. I was glad that spring was starting and that we were all on horseback. Wagons could not have made the trip. We saw no people and little sign that people had inhabited the area for hundreds of years. The land was like that. Good areas had people but, even then, not many. Areas that would be difficult living were usually vacant. There was no reason for people to live in those areas as there was plenty of good land available. The best land was taken and defended, of course.

The old road took us southeast and then east with a little north in our direction. We were in the plains having come through the mountains and entered late spring. It was a beautiful time of year and we were all riding topless enjoying the sun warming our bodies. We had built tents from the skins to give us shelter when a ruin couldn't be found. In the mountains, that was a more prevalent issue than on the plains. The plains had a different issue which was sight. We could be seen from a long way off and, while we could also see, we were the ones on the move. This area had cold winters but was good farming land. We found signs of previous farming efforts though no people. I wanted to see some people just to know they were there. We had meat and skins to trade for provisions and cloth.

After over a month, we came upon farming families and were told we were coming into another land that none of us had visited, Nebra. It was ruled by the Husker and we met him in their primary town, Oma. They were armed to protect their land and valuables but were not grasping people. We were able to trade with them for produce. They liked the way Red had cured the deer meat. They had beef but little deer so our trading was good for all. The Husker was a nice guy about forty years old who held the office by inheritance. He was a reasonable man who was interested in our story which I told in an edited fashion. I think he would have invited us to stay but he already had a constable to uphold the laws what few they had. Their primary issues were thievery and drunkenness.

We took our leave and continued east finally coming to a large ruin that I knew as Chiton. It was inhabited with a lot of activities available. Traders and the like were welcomed for the coin they had to spend.

I had money for us left from what the old witch had given me. It was good as it allowed me a stake which I used to gamble and make more. We now had enough for a good stake for our future travels. I also picked up a contract for a local troublemaker who made the fatal mistake of trying to kill me when challenged. He didn't. I presented the proper proof of death and was paid. We were able to fully equip our party for the trip south to The Oaks. It was also summer which made traveling easier. Our ladies left in a wagon with the exception of Miranda who rode beside me as always.

She had been challenged once in Chiton by a man who wanted her favors. She said, "Lem, I bestow my favor upon those I choose. I am never chosen by a man for taking. This fool," pointing at the man who was now beginning to look worried, "has made the mistake of trying to claim me. There is a claim upon me to you which I give freely." She looked at the guy and said, "You made a few remarks that I didn't like. I won't kill you or maim you unless you force the issue with a weapon. Wimp, it's time to try and get hurt."

The man growled, "Bitch, I will take you and then give you to my men to use." He handed his weapons to a man with him and came at Miranda. She let him close and then flipped him over her. When he landed on his back, he found her hands at his throat as she hit his wind pipe. He gagged.

She stood up, "I shall mark you three times. That's the first. The second will be lower."

He sounded hoarse as he said, "Bitch, you will die for that." He came at her again and she again tossed him over her shoulder. When he was down, she kicked him in the groin hard. He folded holding himself and looking at her with hatred in his eyes. One of his men started toward her but my sword went across his throat holding him back.

"You can die," I said.

He stopped. The man stood and approached Miranda more carefully trying to grapple with her. It didn't work and she grabbed the foot that he tried to kick her with and twisted breaking his ankle. "That's the third." She said. "If you try again, I will kill you." he came toward her limping and she caved his throat in crushing his larynx. He began to choke. He turned purple and fell to the ground dying.

I said, "Who wants to join him. I can make it happen, right here, right now." Not a one of them moved as they watched their leader die.

We left the next day after collecting the bounty on his head. The local sheriff asked us to stay and work with him but we declined.
Chapter 15
Home | Top | Frank Speaks's Page |   Feedback to author


 
Home | Frank Speaks's Page « New Times Index « Previous
Chapter 15
Posted: April 09, 2012 - 09:10:44 am

We went south toward The Oaks. In a way, it was good to be back on the road. Red and Marva rode in front with Miranda and Sylvie to my right and left sides. Jerry and Jules brought up the rear with a wagon. We spent our first night in a barn well south of Chiton. We supplied some food for the meal which the farmer's wife cooked for us. We ate with them. Doug and Linda were nice folks with three children who had been established on this property by their parents five years ago. During the meal, they listened to our tale spellbound. We left out some parts as the story we wanted to tell took shape for all of us to tell. Some things weren't good to have spread and we could keep it from happening as we were the only survivors.

We retired to our sleeping blankets spread out in the barn. Each pairing or, in our case, a triple had their own area with some amount of separation. Miranda, Sylvie, and I had a stall in one corner. The night was moderately warm and we three quickly stripped naked and lay down together.

Miranda said, "I want to talk for a moment." Sylvie and I nodded as we both cupped one of her breasts gently. Miranda smiled. "I want to talk about becoming Lem's mate if he wants me. I know that is a commitment but I believe I'm ready if you are, Lem."

"I'm ready, Miranda. We fit together well in every way. The three of us work well together."

"Master, Mistress, I am and have been your servant, your slave, for as long as you will have me. That is all I have ever asked or wanted."

Miranda looked at her and smiled gently. "Sylvie, you are a partner in this relationship as much as I or Lem. We will be together. Now, Lem, take your new mates hard and deep!"

I rolled on top of her as she spread her legs welcoming me. I pushed into her pussy and she brought her legs around my waist to allow me to penetrate her all the way. She grabbed Sylvie by the hips and pulled her pussy over her face. I slammed deeply into Miranda's pussy pumping as hard as I could while Sylvie came almost instantly to her tongue as it went into her pussy. Sylvie lay forward and moaned and I pushed my tongue into her ass making her moan even more.

I felt Miranda's pussy convulse on my cock as she had her first orgasm of the night. I rode her through it and then pulled out. I lifted her legs and pelvis pushing my wet cock into her ass and thrusting to the hilt. She grunted and came again. I pumped her ass hard stretching and making us both moan with the sensations we were feeling from the junction of our bodies. She came as I pumped away. Sylvie was lifted up a little and I heard Miranda say, "Fuck Sylvie and then come in me!" I pulled out of her ass and moved over her head and eased my cock into Sylvie's smaller and much tighter ass making her groan as her sphincter was stretched and her bowels moved to take my cock. She shrieked quietly when I bottomed out in her ass. It only took a few thrusts before she began to come on my cock in her ass and Miranda's mouth on her pussy. When she quieted from her orgasm, I pulled out and pushed deeply into her pussy. I had to be a little gentler with Sylvie but she could now take my length in both her holes. I rammed into her until she came, the walls of her pussy convulsing on my cock. She rolled off Miranda and my cock came out. I moved down and rolled Miranda on her side and slipped behind her pushing my cock deep into her welcoming ass. Sylvie roused herself and began to suck on Miranda's pussy trying to do for her what Miranda had done. I was now not trying to hold back. I rammed Miranda's hot ass as hard as I could and she took it with cries of joy. We worked to another violent cum together with my cock pumping a big load of sperm up her bowels. We relaxed then as Sylvie sucked and licked us both. We three went to sleep together laying that way. I woke up lazily in the morning with my cock still embedded in Miranda's ass. As she woke and I got hard, I could feel the walls of her rectum flex on my hardening cock. It took only a moment before we were slamming together while Sylvie watched and panted in her own arousal. I shot another load into Miranda when we came together. Sylvie pushed us apart wanting to taste us. She sucked my softening cock to the root cleansing it of our cum and then going to Miranda's ass to suck cum from it. She came from her efforts to give us pleasure which she did as always.

Everyone rose and began to pack our belongings rather lazily but everyone looked happy. I had heard sounds of joy last night from other parts of the barn. Travel seemed to agree with us emotionally. We said our goodbyes to Doug and Linda and returned to our southward travel for another day.

The area was thick with farms and good weather. Crops were growing and we waved at many farmers going about their duties and passed a few wagons. That night, we spent the night in another barn preferring those sleeping quarters and the feeling of camping rather the more civilized feeling of beds. I'm not sure why but it seemed to make us all more inclined for sex which, after last night, was maybe more popular than ever, if that's possible.

We settled in for the night and another had bout of sex began ending with me cumming into Miranda's pussy in the doggy position as she ate Sylvie who was under her in a sixty-nine and licking her pussy and my rapidly pistoning cock avidly as we all came hard.

It was just before dawn when I woke up hearing a scream from outside the barn. It sounded anguished. I rose up with my sword in hand and naked. Miranda went with me with her sword. We met Jerry and Red at the door. Red had on pants and his bow and quiver of arrows. I hissed, "Red, come with me. Miranda, Jerry, stay and watch over the rest." With that, Red and I sneaked out to look around. We were extra careful as our white bodies were much too visible in the moonlight. We saw three horses at the front of the farmhouse tied to the hitching post. We slowly moved to look inside. The farmer, Joe, and his wife, Miriam, were young and had just started farming here after mating during the winter. I could hear the rhythmic sound of sex inside the house. The scream bothered me. We looked in a window into the small house and saw that there was a problem. It looked like Joe was lying on the floor very still with what was probably blood pooling around his body. On the bed were two men with Miriam between them. She was sobbing and pushing against them obviously being raped. I looked at Red and whispered, "I'll go in and you cover me from here." He nodded and I went to the front door.

I kicked the door in and found the third man with his pants around his ankles and a wet cock. I chopped at him and went after the other two. I pulled the one on top off Miriam and threw him across the room. Miriam pushed away and I lifted her off the other attacker who rose up to take an arrow through his arm and into his side. The one I threw was out from hitting his head on the wall of the house and the other from the side of my sword.

Miriam was sobbing hopelessly and then cried harder when she saw Joe and the blood pool around him. She pulled away from me and went to him. He was dead but she cradled his head in her lap crying some more. "Red, get the rest dressed and back here. Have Sylvie bring me some clothes. I'll watch these three." I watched them as no one moved.

The rest of our party came in and Sylvie handed me some clothes which I donned as Miranda and Jerry took over watching. Miranda said, "Red is making sure there aren't any more of them." I nodded.

Fifteen or so minutes later, Red came in and said, "There were no others. I tracked them to the road and down it a little." The two I knocked out were coming around. Red said, "What should we do with these three?"

"Let's let Miriam decide. It was their home they invaded and her mate they killed." I said. Everyone nodded and we waited.

After a long while, Miriam looked up and said, "Why did they do this?"

Miranda said, "I can find out. They will talk for me and we need to hear some of their story anyway." Miriam nodded and Miranda walked over to arrow guy and wiggled the arrow making him moan in pain. "Up! We're going outside." I went with her and Sylvie followed us.

Miranda had twisted his good arm behind him and used it to propel him out of the little house. "Get some ropes, Sylvie." she commanded. Sylvie went to their horses and pulled a rope off a saddle and continued to follow us. Miranda walked him out to one side of the house. She said, "Lay down on your back, Asshole." She looked at me and said quietly, "Peg his legs and good arm, Lem."

I did as she asked. He offered no resistance as I staked him out. Once done, Miranda removed the arrow forcefully. He screamed in pain. She looked at me and I staked the other arm. She said, "You stay out here and we are going to bring out your friends. Sylvie, move their horses. We'll need that for one of them." Miranda and I went back inside to find the other two conscious but hadn't moved. Jerry and Red were watching them as Marva and Jules tried to minister to a distraught Miriam. Miranda looked at one of the other two and said, "Did you kill Joe?" He shook his head. "Okay, you will come outside with us and join your friend."

I picked him up and pulled an arm behind his back and out we went. We staked him out beside his friend. Miranda said, "You stay here with your friend." We went back inside. Miranda said, "Red, can you find a hammer and nails?" He nodded. I went to the other one and pulled him up by his hair making him scream. I walked him out the door with him on tiptoe still holding his hair and lifting. We went outside to the hitching post and I lay him against it. Red came over with the hammer and nails. Jerry and Jules grabbed on arm and stretched it out. Red nailed that wrist to the horizontal part of the hitching post. He screamed loudly. We let him down a little to stretch his arms and Red nailed his other wrist to the post stretching him out in a painful crouch. He was sobbing with pain.

Marva came out with Miriam wrapped in a blanket. She was still sobbing and had a hopeless look in her eyes. Marva said, "She wants Joe buried over there." She pointed at a small garden. I nodded. Jerry went for shovels. When he returned, we began to dig a grave for the young man. It took a while but we finally had dug a respectable sized hole. We went inside and wrapped him in a blanket. We brought him out and laid him in his grave. Miriam cried even harder then. Marva held her trying to comfort her in her anguish.

Miranda looked over at the one nailed to the hitching post and said, "You have caused too much pain. You will hurt for that." He cringed. We covered Joe and Miriam went to the grave and cried kneeling over it.

Miranda went over to the hitching post. "I don't care what your name was. There's no excuse for what you did. It's going to take you a long time to die and it will hurt you the whole time." Like the other two, he was naked. She kicked him in the balls to get his attention making him cry out in additional pain to that caused by the nails in his wrists. She smiled at him and said, "It's only starting." She looked away toward the other two. You won't enjoy life any more either." She looked at Jules, "I need a torch or two lit so we can see better." It was getting light slowly so I knew there was going to be more to it than that. Jules nodded and went off. Miranda went to the other two and kicked them between their legs, too. The noise level rose for a while. It had subsided by the time Jules returned with three lit torches.

Miranda took her knife out and went over to nailed guy and asked, "Why did you kill Joe?"

He looked up at her standing over him with the knife in her hand and said, "You Bitch, he tried to stop us. He wasn't enough man for that pretty little girl. I'll get you for what you're doing."

Miranda looked at him and said, "I don't think so. You're going to die today. However, you're right about one thing. I am a bitch and you're going to find out soon." Looking at me, she said, "Lem, would you hold his feet in place?" I nodded. I went over and sat on his legs looking down at his feet. Miranda went to his feet and stabbed through each foot with her knife making him scream with pain. He was wiggling his feet and she reached under his feet and cut his Achilles tendon on each foot. He didn't seem to like that either. When I stood up, he flopped his feet loosely unable to control them further. He was not circumcised so Miranda took his cock in her hand and circumcised him but took the bell end of his cock with his foreskin. He cried loudly at that. Miranda looked over at Jules and said, "Take a torch, Dear, and staunch his bleeding. Jules grinned and took a torch to the end of his cock and burned it to cauterize the wound. His screams took on a new level of anguish until he passed out.

Miranda went over to hurt arm. She said, "It seems you like to fuck. I'm going to fuck you." She took a stick and pushed it up his ass eight or ten inches as he screamed.

She went to the other with another stick and said, "I'm going to fuck you, too." His screams started before she even pushed the stick up his ass. They became louder and more pained with the stick in place in his ass.

Miriam rose slowly to her feet. She went over to nailed guy and said, "Greg, why did you do this to us?"

Miranda looked amazed. She said, "You know them?"

"Yes," she replied. "Greg is my cousin and Moses and Billy are friends of his. They knew Joe and I before we mated."

I went over to Greg and said, "Answer her, Greg."

He said, "I wanted her and she chose Joe instead. She never went with any of us so we decided to pay her a visit. Joe got in the way."

Raping a mated woman was a death sentence offense. Killing a man not in a duel was also a killing offense. The three of them were doubly dead. Miranda went to Greg and said, "You have admitted to killing Joe. He was our friend. We will take vengeance. She pushed her knife into his belly and cut across it allowing his intestines to come through the wound. He looked down at his ruined body and cried. Miranda said, "I'm tired of listening to him. Gag him!" Marva took a thick rope and pulled it tight tearing the sides of his mouth and muffling his cries. He would die but it would take hours at least.

Miranda moved over to Moses and Billy. She said, "You two were raping a mated woman. That will be bad for your health." She knelt beside hurt arm and wiggled the stick to get his attention. It did. She had her knife in her hand and waved it around. Both sets of eyes watched it anxiously. She bent over hurt arm and took his cock in her hand. She sliced through it close to the root and held it up. He screamed loudly. "You won't rape again, will you." His pain was such that he couldn't pay attention. "You're too loud." She said and pushed the severed cock into his mouth. Jules came over with more of the thick rope and tied it trapping the cock in his mouth. He continued to moan.

She moved to the other one who started pleading for mercy. "It wasn't my idea. They made me come with them."

Miranda shook her head, "Not only are you a rapist, but you're a coward, too." She cut off his cock and forced it into his mouth. Jules tied it in place pulling the rope tight. Marva took a torch and cauterized each wound to their muffled screams.

Miranda went back over to Greg to make sure he was still feeling. She slapped him hard across the face. He moaned. "Thirsty."

Miranda looked up and said, "Sylvie, get him some water." Sylvie took a bucket of water and poured it over him.

Sylvie said, "Now, he's refreshed." She grinned. Miranda took her knife and slowly pulled it across his chest leaving a bleeding line across his body. He was sobbing through his gag. His chest heaved as he sobbed and moaned.

Miranda went over to hurt arm and said, "I don't like you looking at me. Red, Jerry, hold his head." They knelt beside him and held his head still. She took her knife and cut into his eyes blinding him. He did his best to scream through his cock gag. He wasn't very successful. Miranda cut across his chest leaving a line of blood welling out.

She then went to other one and looked down at him. His eyes were shut tightly. She smiled grimly and cut across his chest. His eyes popped open and he tried to scream through his cock gag like the other did. He wasn't much more successful.

Miranda stood up and walked over to me. "How much longer should we let it last?"

I thought for a moment and said, "Let it ride some more. There's no hurry."

A few minutes later, we heard the sound of horses coming toward us. We arrayed for defense with Red to one side and Miranda to the other with bows. Jerry and I stood in the middle with our swords. There were four horsemen and I held up my hand as they rode up. They slowed up as they saw me and Red and Miranda. I said, "I don't know who you are but this couple has had enough tragedy for one day. We will kill you if need be to protect them."

That stopped them. One walked his horse closer to me and said, "I'm Amos, Joe's father. We heard what Greg and his cronies were planning and have ridden here to protect my son and his mate."

"You're late. We were staying in the barn with their permission when the three of them showed up. We didn't get here soon enough either. Your son was dead and they were raping Miriam. We stopped it and are enforcing the death penalty on all three."

The man's face fell and he looked even grimmer. "May I come forward?" he asked in a strained voice.

"Yes, all of you may come forward." I said.

They came forward and dismounted. I told the story of what we found and had done. One of the other men was Miriam's brother. He went to her and held her as she cried some more. Joe's father went to the grave and cried. He came to me and said, "You buried him?"

"Yes, it was the proper thing to do." I said.

"Thank you." He responded. "Who are you folks?"

I said, "I am Lemuel Jones with my mates, Miranda and Sylvie, Red with Marva, and Jerry with Jules. We are on our way to The Oaks. We had stopped here for the night with the consent of Joe and Miriam. We were staying in the barn and heard a scream. We found Greg naked with a wet cock and the other two raping Miriam. We stopped what was happening but they had already killed Joe. We are in the process of killing them now that we have buried Joe."

"They deserve to die," said another.

Miranda spoke up, "They are; just not too quickly. They should suffer for what they did, and they are. Look at them."

The four did and their faces paled just a bit. Miranda can be cruel when given the chance. They came back to the two of us and admitted that the deaths will be slower and more painful than anything they could have imagined but, nonetheless, final.

Miranda looked over at Greg and noticed that he had lost consciousness. She went over and took her knife carving an "X" in his chest over his heart. "Sylvie, he needs some more water." Sylvie got a bucket full and poured it over his head waking him to scream through his gag some more. His screams were weaker as he was dying from blood loss. He was gradually suffocating from his arms held above him now that his legs could no longer keep him in a crouched position. Miranda nodded smiling grimly.

She moved to the other two. All four men, even Miriam's father shuddered at their wounds particularly the one between their legs. One of them looked up at the four and tried to say something. Miranda said, "We were tired of hearing them scream so we gagged them with their cocks." The youngest of the four moved away and vomited. There were no pretty pictures here and the deaths of the three would have no nobility to them.

Joe's father asked me, "What were you going to do at The Oaks?"

"We are going into the sheriffing business. Miranda, Red, and Jerry are going to be my deputies while the other three ladies plan to run a restaurant."

"Stay here. Eden could use a sheriff. We will find a way to pay you." He said.

"Where is Eden?" I asked.

"Eden is our town. It's down the road a piece and growing. Farming around here is good but we are becoming big enough to need someone to enforce the laws and customs. There are a couple of bullies who have started to become problems though you are taking care of one today." He looked over at Greg and then back at me. He continued, "I know you. You are called the Enforcer. Your reputation is that of an honest man though tough. You would be a real help to us."

"We will have to talk about it and look things over. We'll have an open mind." I said.

Miriam's brother wanted her to come back to the family home with him but she refused. The brother was about to insist when Miranda came over and asked to speak with him. She said, "Miriam is under our protection. No one will force her to do anything against her will, Not even you."

He looked at her, over at his sister, and then grimaced. He said, "Take care of her. There's a place for her if she wants to come."

Miranda said, "We will tell her and I know you meant well. She may well come to your house but it has to be her choice. She's not ready yet." He nodded reluctantly.

Jules prepared lunch for everyone, even talking Miriam into eating a little. After lunch, the four left for their farms. I had directions to Amos' farm and to Eden. I said that some of us would travel over there tomorrow. We would let him know our decision before we left. It was late afternoon before Greg died. Miranda kept him conscious by pouring cold water over him and cutting him. She did the same to the others but he was fading faster because his wounds were more serious. After he was dead, Red and I pulled him off the hitching post and took his body to the outhouse and threw him in.

I took an ax and went to the other two. Miranda said, "What are you going to do, Lem?"

"It's time to finish them off and dump the bodies."

"Break their legs with that and dump them in alive." She said.

We untied their hands from the stakes, sat them up, and tied their hands behind them. I then took the ax and, with the blunt end, swung and broke both of their legs. They moaned loudly. Jerry and Red grabbed hurt arm and pulled him to the outhouse and rolled him in and down into the mess. I pulled the other by his hair over there. He lost consciousness until after landing on the others and realizing where he was. The moaning was loud for a while and then died completely away. It was a nasty way to finish dying.

Miranda and I were standing together after washing our hands. Miriam came up and said, "Thank you for your help and for killing them for us. I hope you stay." She walked away and went inside the house. Jules went in with her. They came out later and Miriam was dressed normally. She came up to Miranda and me again and said, "Jules and I will prepare supper. Please stay. I don't want to be alone." We nodded.

They went back inside with Marva and Sylvie following. We went over to Jerry. I said, "Tonight, you and Jules should stay with her. She needs comforting." He nodded.

We ate a quiet meal. As the women were cleaning up, Jerry brought his and Jules' sleeping gear into the house. Sylvie had cleaned off the bed and made it ready for the night. We said our good nights and the five of us left for the barn.

On the way over, Red said, "They want us to stay, don't they?"

I responded, "Amos, Joe's father does and I said we would look the place over and talk about it. That's tomorrow's project. Tonight, Miranda is going to rape me." I grinned.

He grinned back at me. "I don't guess you want my protection."

Miranda and Sylvie chorused, "He doesn't. You will be busy anyway."

Marva smiled and took his hand leading him to their corner of the barn. "They're right, you'll be busy." She said.

Miranda and Sylvie each had one of my hands as we went to another corner where our blankets were laid out. I pulled the two to me and each other and began to fondle Miranda's breasts. Sylvie knelt before us and removed Miranda's pants and then mine. She sucked on each of us as she removed our clothes from the waist down. Miranda and I had pulled our tops off and we were now naked. I pulled away from Sylvie's mouth and grabbed Miranda by the hair and pulled her down before me. I pulled her head to my cock and helped her force herself to swallow it. I wasn't gentle and pulled hard forcing my cock all the down her throat. Then I pulled her off my cock and pushed her down on the floor on her hands and knees.

Without further warning or telling her, I squatted down behind her and slammed into her pussy pounding her hard and taking her deep until my pubic hairs were crushed by her butt cheeks. I pumped for a few minutes, each stroke as hard and punishing as I could make them. Then I pulled out and took her ass the same way. She moaned as her sphincter was forced to dilate and allow my cock into her bowels. When my pelvis slammed into her butt cheeks, she gave a small scream of pain mixed with joy. I began to fuck her ass as hard as I could trying to test her depths and ability to accommodate my cock. There was no mercy, no gentleness, no ease. I just fucked her back hole hard forcing my cock all the way in each time and hammering her cheeks with my pelvis. I felt Sylvie's hand go in her pussy and touch my cock as I continued to pummel her finally reaching a thunderous cum shooting my load deep into her bowels and continuing to pound her through both my cum and hers. She was laying on the blankets panting with her exertions and I lay on top of her with my cock still lodged in her ass and Sylvie's hand in her pussy half way to the elbow. Miranda just shuddered from her reactions to the violent taking she had been subject to. I quivered and my cock flexed as the walls of her ass convulsed around my cock helped by Sylvie's hand still in her pussy. I finally pulled off and lay on my back still breathing hard.

Miranda lay on her stomach breathing hard like I was while Sylvie moved between her legs to suck my cum from her reddened ass. Her hand was still buried in her pussy. I began to harden and raised up and moved behind Sylvie. I shoved my cock into her pussy and began to fuck her almost as hard as I fucked Miranda. She was grunting with each thrust. I could hear Miranda cum again to Sylvie's hand and oral efforts at her ass. I could tell that I was paining Sylvie some because I was pounding her hard. She was just taking it and had given up any effort to further minister to Miranda's body. She was mewling and grunting as I pumped and pumped into her hole. I came into her pussy and she went limp with an organism beyond any I had ever seen her have.

When I pulled out, Miranda sucked my cock down her throat to clean it and get it hard again. Sylvie's hand had come out of Miranda's pussy. Miranda went to Sylvie and had her in a sixty-nine position with Miranda on top. Sylvie had come to and they were sucking each others' pussies. I pushed into Miranda's pussy and began to slam my meat in her hole. She moaned and grunted as we rutted like neither of us had had sex in a month. I finally emptied my third load into her womb holding my pelvis tightly to her bruised butt cheeks. We rolled over to our side still connected and relaxed, sated, for now.
Chapter 16
Home | Top | Frank Speaks's Page |   Feedback to author


 
Home | Frank Speaks's Page « New Times Index « Previous
Chapter 16
Posted: April 10, 2012 - 07:55:44 pm

The next morning, Sylvie was walking awkwardly as was Marva. Miranda came back to me later and said, "Sylvie is a bit sore. I am, too. You've never pounded me much less her as hard as you did last night. Marva's situation is a little different. After Red fucked her pussy and ass, he fisted her in both holes. She really feels opened still." She chuckled. "You can always try harder tonight."

Jules came out of the house grinning. She said, "Miriam feels better today. She told me this morning that she had never licked a pussy or been butt fucked before but she enjoyed both. Jerry and I need to talk some more but I think we'll stay here with her and farm. Breakfast in about ten minutes." She went back in.

All of the rest of us went to the creek to wash. We did and returned for breakfast which included a much happier Miriam who obviously enjoyed Jerry and Jules efforts in comforting her last night. From the looks Jerry and Jules were giving Miriam and each other and that Miriam was returning, it appeared that they would be staying on the farm.

After breakfast, Red said, "Lem, are you going to check out the place today?"

"That was my plan."

He said, "Fine. Go look. I'll trust you and Miranda to make a decision for us. I'll stay here with Marva and Sylvie and look over the place with Jerry."

Miranda and I left on horseback about twenty minutes later. As we rode into the town, Miranda asked, "Lem, what do you think?"

"We need to talk money but I do like the looks of the town." There was a tree but it looked it hadn't been used much. The streets were clean and the storefronts kept up. Either the place was lawless or the people were good folk. "Let's get a drink."

She nodded and we pulled up at the town's inn, tied up the horses, and went inside. We found the usual things expected in an inn and went to the bar together. I ordered whiskey with a beer chaser and Miranda asked for the same. The bartender started to say something about only serving whores. He didn't quite finish when Miranda grabbed him by the hair and pulled him half way over the bar. She slammed his head into the counter and said, "You will serve me though I'm not a whore but the free mate of Lem Jones. One more stupid comment like that could be your last." She was served and he apologized. We stood there sipping our drinks and watching the quiet scene in the room. Miranda was the only woman wearing weapons as the other women were obviously bar girls going about their usual work. After a few minutes, a man came up to Miranda and said, "How much for your ass, Bitch? You can just strip those pants down and bend over a table."

Miranda looked at him and said quietly, "You're dead."

"I don't think you get it, Whore." He said. "I am willing to buy some ass from you. How much?"

Miranda looked over at me and shook her head for me to stay out of it. She said, "I'm no whore." In a louder voice, she said, "Toothpick Dick, you couldn't handle me even if I were for sale and you could afford me."

He went white at that. For some reason, he didn't back off though it was obvious that she was with me and he had to have seen her handle the bartender with ease. He brought his arm back to slap her and stopped when he saw and felt her knife at his belly. "Okay, Bitch. We'll do this the hard way. I'll carve you up and fuck your butt. I won't even pay for it."

Miranda said, "Right idea, wrong victim, Dumb Ass. I'm going to carve my initial in your belly and then fuck your ass with your own knife."

He backed off and laughed menacingly. "Come on, Bitch. It's time for you to suffer. He was a little taller than she. He weighed more. I felt sorry for him. A couple of tables were moved back as the man was intent on finishing his fight inside.

I looked over at the bartender who said, "He does what he wants where he wants. Greg does, too."

My eyes popped up at that. I said quietly, "Greg and two of his buddies went over to Joe and Miriam's farm yesterday."

"Yeah," the bartender said, "I overheard them talking about it and warned Amos as soon as I could."

I said, "They went over there and killed Joe and were raping Miriam when we disturbed them. Greg and the other two won't be back. We threw them in the midden. They drowned. They're still there. Amos invited us into town." A little louder, I asked, "Who is this guy who's going to be butt fucked with his knife?"

Two guys heard and came over to either side of me as Miranda moved out into the open floor. One of them said, "What's it to you, Asshole?"

"I just like to know who my mate is going to fuck over."

"That's Earl and he ain't going to be fucked but fuck."

I said, "I think you've missed it. Miranda will handle him though I expect she will have some trouble carving her initial in his stomach."

The same guy said, "You aren't going to help her. We'll see to that."

"I won't have to but you two couldn't stop me if I do decide to help her."

The other took my arm and started to bend it to pull it behind my back. I let him take it a little way and then slowly straightened it back with him trying to keep it from straightening out. In turn, I twisted his behind his back. His buddy didn't have time to help before I brought his behind his back and up high painfully, too. They were both moaning with the pain of their almost broken arms.

There was a clash of blades and Miranda made a move that I wasn't sure I could have parried. She cut a short vertical line in Earl's belly.

Again, their blades clashed. From the top of the vertical line there was now a shorter diagonal line. Miranda's blade clashes with his again and another diagonal line appears. She swings a second time and a bloody "M" is on his stomach.

She backs off a few feet. She says, "Are you ready to die?" He comes at her swinging his blade knowing that blood loss will slow him soon. Miranda easily dodges his knife and hits his arm so hard that his knife falls. She reaches down and grabs it. As his momentum continues, she swings him around and drives his knife up between his legs in the general area of his asshole. He screams with the pain and falls on his back driving the blade even further into his body. He rolls and lays flat dying with the hilt of his knife protruding from his buttocks. Miranda walked back to me and sipped some more of her drink.

I looked at my two captives. "Do either of you want to die? I can arrange it right now, right here, or we can go out into the street and you can die there. You other choice is to disarm, kiss Miranda's foot and crawl out of here. What's your choice?"

One of them said, "I'll do it. I don't want to die." I let his arm loose and he went to his knees and crawled over to Miranda and placed a kiss on her boot close to the toe. He choked back a sob and crawled from the bar and out into the street.

I looked at the other and said, "It's your turn to make a choice. Choose wisely. Embarrassment is not fun but dying will hurt you."

He looked at me with hatred in his eyes but said, "I want to live. I'll do it. You basOww!"

I twisted his arm breaking it. I said, "Now, you have a broken arm because you couldn't keep your mouth shut." I released him and he crawled to Miranda and gave her boot a quick kiss and then crawled using one hand and arm out the door and into the street. I looked at the bartender and said, "Where is your burial guy? I would think he would be here by now."

The bartender looked at me and said, "He should be here shortly. He lives on the outskirts of town."

We continued to sip our drinks. I asked the bartender another question, "Does Eden have a mayor?" He nodded. "Who is it?"

He very slowly pointed his finger at his chest and said, "I am."

"Good, I really didn't want to have to search the town. Amos told me you didn't have any law here and might need someone. I would like to apply. Miranda would be one of my deputies. Another companion of mine would be my other."

He said, "What's your name?"

"Lem Jones. I'm pretty good with a knife or a sword."

"Lem Jones? Aren't you known as the Enforcer?" He looked a bit nervous.

"Yes, I've been called that. I try to fight as fairly as people will let me. I believe I could enforce order in Eden."

He nodded. "Yes, I believe you could. Is your other helper as beautiful as this one is?"

Miranda laughed. "No, he's not near as pretty. He is good with a bow. His mate is pretty though."

The bartender/mayor smiled. "I guess that's true. I would have to talk it over with the council but I would like you to be our sheriff and, with Amos in favor, we should get a positive vote. We will have to figure out how to pay you and a few details like that but I would think we can work out a solution that we can afford and you would find acceptable."

"That would be good. I think our presence might keep things quiet in the future." I smiled and the bartender/mayor did, too. At that moment, the burial guy came in and took charge of the body.

He said, "That's a different type of sheath for a knife. It's nice to know that Earl finally found a purpose even if it was in death." He looked at me. "Are you the responsible party?"

"No." I said. "Miranda, here, is. He insulted her and then threatened her. It was a fatal mistake."

He nodded. "People like Earl make those kinds of mistakes. I wonder how Greg will react."

"Greg is dead after being thrown in a midden. He drowned there. I don't think he enjoyed dying."

The burial guy smiled at that. "You have done some good deeds." He said, looking at both of us. "I know two more who need some adjustment though one has a broken arm. Is one of you responsible?"

I nodded slowly.

He grinned and said, "It's good for them to learn a bit of manners."

I said, "They both kissed my lady's foot before they left here."

He grinned even broader and said, "You know they will cause you some trouble in the future?"

I said, "Only once more. Their next time will be fatal to them." I grinned, also. I looked at Miranda and realized that she was hot from her killing. We took our leave and went outside. Our two future victims weren't there and I took her around to the back of the building.

I pulled her pants down, spun her around, and slammed my cock into her ass all the way in trying to push it as far into her body as it would go. She grunted with the pain of my hard penetration and then moaned with excitement as I began to pump her ass hard. Neither of us was holding back simply going for a quick cum. We were successful and I slammed hard into Miranda's ass and held tight to her as I shot my load into her backside filling her ass with hot cum. I held her hips tightly as my cock throbbed in her ass. Finally, I stepped back as my cock deflated. She turned and sucked me into her mouth cleaning me of my cum and her juices. When she rose up, I refastened my pants and she pulled hers up.

She said, "Sylvie, will have a mouthful to drink up later." We both smiled and went back to the street after she pulled her pants up.

We walked the length of the street and then turned and returned to our horses. Miranda stayed with the horses while I went inside and told the bartender that we could be contacted at Joe and Miriam's farm through Amos. We left and rode back.

Amos came over the next morning and told us the council voted to hire us and he wanted to know what we wanted for our pay. I told him we would have to look at this situation but probably room and board along with a little money. Amos also said that there was an empty store in town that could become a restaurant.

Miranda and I went into town that afternoon and took Sylvie, Marva, and Red with us. We looked over the town again and Syvie and Marva looked at the store. It all looked good. We met with Jay, the bartender/mayor, and told him we would stay. We arranged for the girls to take the store and we claimed a small office next to it for our sherrif's office. Jay said he would have a sign painted tomorrow. We left Marva and Sylvie looking over their new domain while the three of us patrolled the town. It was a quiet day in Eden.

Thanks worked out like we wanted. Miranda, Sylvie and I picked out a place for a home and built a house. We still live there together. Both are pregnant having allowed themselves to quit taking the birth root. We would have two children soon. Miranda said that she would be curious to see what a little Lem will look like. I just hope if they're girls they have their mothers' looks. I guess I'm receiving my heart's desire.

Thanks for reading. It has been an interesting ride. Next, how about some SciFi?
Your opinion is important:
Share with the others what you think about
"New Times"
     
Switch to Expanded voting form
The End
Posted: 2012-02-06
Last Modified: 2012-04-10 / 07:55:44 pm
Home | Top | Frank Speaks's Page |   Feedback to author
