Home | Sirdar's Page « God Is On Our Side Index - Settings
Chapter 1
Posted: May 24, 2007 - 08:36:57 am
?

I am not sure really what happened, and I am not entirely sure that I ever will understand properly, but it all seemed to start for me on the 10th September 2000. I was then a 30 years old single man. I had an extremely good job with the Ministry of Defence at the war Office. I was very fit, and I was very well qualified as I had a Doctorate in Cryptography from Cambridge, and a Masters in applied Mathematics which I had completed in two years at Heidelberg and at the same time almost, but not quite marrying a fellow German student called Ursi.

I must admit that my decision not to marry Ursi had probably been brought about by her mother. She was absolutely livid with me, and almost attacked me physically after Ursi had slipped on the ice and fallen down the steps, and lost our unborn child. I felt sorry for Ursi, and I almost rang her from the airport to apologise for leaving her like that.

Perhaps the truth was that I had been put off by all those married guys who were always moaning about their wives and mothers in law. For instance that night when all this started I had been listening to a story told by one of my neighbours in the Green Man Public House.

He had been telling this joke about this church, and how the congregation was waiting for the service to start when a man rushed in and said. "Run, the devil is coming this way." Immediately everyone rushed out of the back door to get away from the devil, except for one man, who stayed sitting where he was. When the devil arrived at the church, the devil was amazed to see him sitting there quite calmly and he said. "Why aren't you frightened of me, don't you know I could do terrible things to you?" The man looked up and smiled and said "No why should I be frightened of you, I have been married to your sister for twenty years."

Well that had brought a big laugh, and nearly all the married men had commented on the fact that many a true word was spoken in jest. Anyway later that night I was walking home and the last thing I remembered was the screeching of tyres.

However getting back to the present I found my work was extremely challenging. I had a nice apartment and I was looked after by a daily housekeeper, and I had a substantial bank balance. I liked my nookie, and I had plenty of girl friends, both single and married, so I never really lacked for female company.

Anyway as I said previously, I was walking home from the pub. It was not often I went to a pub, but tonight I had been feeling a bit down, for once I did not have a date, and I decided I wanted some company

I don't know how much later I returned to consciousness, but I found I was lying naked on a table covered with a white sheet. I pushed the sheet away and I sat up and looked around, and saw a number of other tables with bodies laid out, and also covered with sheets. There were two ladies wearing surgeons' masks at a table working on something or someone, on the other side of the room, and I called out.

"Where am I?"

The two ladies looked round and gave a sort of scrambled screech and ran screaming from the room. Meanwhile I was conscious that my voice had sounded different and also my body felt different I looked down and it suddenly dawned on me that I was in a completely different body. It seemed to be the body of a teenager with a large appendix scar. I had never had my appendix out, so I knew it was not my body.

My reflections and bewilderment, was interrupted by the sound of angry shouting and a man shouting. "Good god woman I have enough to do tonight without your hysterical ramblings. Its just spasms sometimes the body gives a spam or two shortly after they die."

Then a woman said.

"Some bloody spasm he is sitting up and talking."

And then a middle aged man wearing a white coat and a rubber apron burst through the door, skidding to a halt, when he saw me sitting there, gazing around, obviously looking and feeling very bewildered.

"Is this some sort of prank?" He asked. If it is its bloody sick one."

"Where am I?" I asked again

"You are in the morgue in Paddington Green Hospital laddie.

"What am I doing here?"

"Well laddy as far as I know you were dead a few moments ago."

"What's that noise?" I asked.

"It's a bloody air raid and you got caught in it."

In the background I could hear the sound of explosions and gunfire. Now I began to realise that something strange was happening to me. It was no dream. I had read stories about this sort of thing happening, but I had never ever believed them.

Then the man said "Well laddy I am Dr Forsyth the resident pathologist, and I am glad you are alive. I think we had better move you to a proper bed pronto, and get someone to check you out.

Without really thinking I tried to stand up, and then I felt myself falling, when I came round. I was in a bed, and I was being examined by a young female doctor.

She was a quite attractive redhead, and gave me a sickly sort of smile. "I am sorry Alan I pronounced you dead when you were brought in. You had no pulse and no heartbeat my only excuse is that we are rushed out with casualties tonight from the air raid. Anyway, your mother and sister are waiting outside to identify your body so they are in for a pleasant shock."

The doctor left me, as two women walked through the door. The older one, a slim attractive lady of about 35 was obviously my mother, and the younger sulky looking, gum chewing fairly pretty girl who was about seventeen, would obviously be my sister I thought.

The older one flung her arms round me and hugged me close to her breast. "Oh Alan darling they told us that you had been killed, and then when we got here we found you were still alive. Even Mandy here was upset. Weren't you dear?"

"Don't kid yourself brother I thought I was rid of you for good."

The young female doctor came in and my new mother asked anxiously.

"What is wrong with him?"

The doctor said. "He has got no physical injuries as far as we can see. He had no heartbeat or pulse when the ambulance dropped him off, and so he was pronounced dead at 21.03. At the time I assumed it was shock from a bomb blast which can sometimes can kill without obvious physical injury."

"When can we take him home?"

"I really would like to keep him for 24 hours, but we are so short of beds tonight with the raid, that it may be best if you can take him now, and let his doctor see him in the morning. We have a steady stream of casualties coming in that will tie up all the on duty staff and all the beds for the rest of the night."

The next problem that arose was my lack of clothes. The doctor said. "I think we have his clothes, gas mask and identity card in the office. Or what is left of them."

Eventually my tattered clothes were produced and after a wait, we eventually got a lift back to where we allegedly lived, in the east end of London in a returning ambulance. It was a long journey with many diversions as the ambulance had to avoid roads closed through bomb damage, or unexploded bombs. Their was the pungent smell of burning and the flickering of many fires.

Their were taxis running round pulling fire pumps and ambulances. It was a scene of total chaos. I recognised a few buildings, some damaged, some miraculously still standing defiantly against the rage of the Luftwaffe. But above all was the courage of the fire crews and wardens who were working away in damaged building attempting to rescue trapped or injured people.

The strange thing for me was the fact that I still had a complete memory of my previous life, my schooldays, and my girlfriends. That is why I am able to write about it all now so clearly. And then in the distance we heard the sound of the siren sounding the "all clear." My new mother commented. "It's early yet; they will be back before the nights over."

Putting all the facts together, the bombing, the hospital uniforms and the clothes people were wearing seemed positive confirmation that I had been transported back to the war years. My new very glamorous brunette mother was making a great fuss of me, and kept her arms round me, hugging me as though she could not believe I was still alive, while my new gum chewing sister sat opposite in the ambulance just glaring across at me.

I had no idea how old I was, what my new name other than Alan, or any of those essential personal details. I decided therefore to play dumb and pretend I had amnesia. So I said.

"Mother I do not have a clue how old I am, or my name or anything."

She gave me an extra big hug and said."

"I expect it will all come back in a few days dear but darling, you are Alan Nash and you are seventeen years old today September 10th 1940. I am your mother and your father is in the army in the Western desert, and we live in Stratford in East London. I expect your memory will come back properly in the next few days."

"Who is that ugly looking girl over there?" I asked in a loud whisper looking across at Mandy.

Who on hearing my question hurtled across the ambulance to attack me?

My new mother caught her by the hair, and quite viciously threw her back across the ambulance.

"You stay there Missy, don't you dare lay a finger on Alan, he's ill and he is right, you dress like a slut and your mouth is going like a fucking goldfish all the time."

Mandy slouched back on the seat her face showing her anger and an intense hatred of me, and our mother.

Our home was a big shock to me. In the year 2000 it would have been designated as a slum, or be part of a history museum. It was a mid-terrace terrace house, with the toilet in the back yard and coal fires and gas lighting downstairs with no lighting upstairs. The stairs were very steep and my mother lit a candle and helped me upstairs to my bedroom. The room was reasonably large and had a lot of posters round the wall. I immediately recognised pictures of Stanley Matthews, the famous Stoke City player on one of the posters who at that time was playing for Stoke City. There was also Stanley Mortenson, Albert Finney and one or two other soccer players of renown at that time.

My very glamorous mother insisted that I get into bed, and produced a pair of flannelette striped pyjamas, and then to my embarrassment insisted on staying and helping me undress. I was rather embarrassed when I got a full erection. She just laughed as she said

"Well I see that Hitler has not disabled your love stick darling. Beanie will no doubt be pleased about that."

"Who is Beanie?" I asked.

"Beanie is your girlfriend, you know Jeanie Green. You nicknamed her Green Bean because she is so thin."

Suddenly it flashed into my mind that Beanie might have been with me tonight, it was coming back to me that I had taken her up the West End to celebrate my birthday. We had been to see Vera Lynn at a theatre in Shaftsbury Avenue.I said to my mother."Somehow I think Beanie was with me tonight up west, when the raid caught us. I hope she is alright!"

"Don't worry darling. I will go and see her ma now and find out."

Strangely enough I had a visual image of a girl which I believed must have been the missing Beanie. It was the first tangible clue I had that some of my memory was returning.

I awoke next morning. To find that my head was resting on my mother's breast, her arms round my shoulders. I could not resist flicking my tongue out to taste one of her gorgeous ripe nipples that was staring me right in the face. As soon as I had met my mother the previous evening I had recognised how glamorous she was. She was a brunette with a short page cut style hair, fairly slim and had obviously taken good care of herself physically.

As I licked her nipple and I could feel it harden I felt my mother begin to wriggle."

"Alan dear what are you doing."

"You're hard dear, and this all wrong I'm your mother." She exclaimed with surprise, but as she spoke she snuggled closer and kissed me on the cheek.

"Alan dearest you know this is all wrong darling."

I did not say anything as I held her tight for a few minutes. Then mother started nibbling my ear her warm breath tickling me and the exotic smell of her warm body filling my nostrils.

Then I felt her free hand tentatively at first playing with my cock.

She gave a little nervous laugh. "Alan I miss your daddy a lot. But if we do this, we will have to be very careful. You are tempting me, and you make me feel so damned horny, you were erect when I woke up, and you are making me feel like a proper woman again and making me feel really wanted and desirable."

I told her. But mother you are desirable, you are lovely, and very sexy."

Then she started smothering my face with soft wet kisses as I grabbed her, and pulled her over on top of me. She felt very soft and very sexy; her body was warm and still had that lovely smell of a sleepy woman, with just a faint hint of the erotic perfume she had been wearing the night before."

Within minutes she was laying between my legs. She was rubbing her body hard against me and I was enjoying and reacting positively the feel of this sexy female against my body. I could not think about her as my mother she was just another sexy woman, for me my real mother had existed in my past life.

She whispered "Oh Alan I know this is all wrong but I want you so badly. I could feel her body rubbing against my cock

"Yes mother, and that's my cock you are rubbing against." I said.

It was my turn to grin as I saw the lust in her eyes. She leaned over and gave me a smile and a long passionate kiss on the lips.

I gazed into her eyes as I kissed her back - I realised then just how beautiful my new mother really was. I knew in my heart, that if we fucked now, it would not be the last time we did it. I wondered whether I should stop, but I just could not ignore such a beauty. It as not in my nature and I could not see her as my mother, just as a very desirable woman. She gazed down at me her eyes now very serious, she was panting a little bit, and she had a look of indecision in her eyes, then she bent down and once again our lips met. I somehow knew then that she had made a momentous decision and we were destined to become long term lovers.

At the same time I felt my cock slip between her legs and rub against the lips of her vulva. The warm sticky moistness told me that playtime was over, and that she wanted me to get down to business. "

Are you sure?" I asked

She gave a wide-eyed little nod of her head.

"I'm not sure about anything." She said quietly "But I know I am not strong enough to push you away dear. I need you."

"Then put me in" I said quietly.

.

She reached down shuffling her body a little as she grabbed my cock and lined it up with the entrance to her love tunnel. She held my cock in a firm but gentle grip. She rubbed me up and down her vulva lips. Then she placed me at the entrance to her love tunnel, taking her weight on her hands as they rested on the bed.

Gradually she let her body sink down on to my cock until I could go no farther. It was fantastic and she was obviously enjoying it, obviously all hint of guilt had been pushed to one side. She started moving up and down gently and within seconds I knew she was having her first orgasm as she came with a long drawn out wail...

I pushed against her gently to prolong her orgasm, when she finished cumming she looked up at me in awe.

"How did you do that Alan? I have not climaxed like that ever even with your father."

I pulled out of her rolling her over so that now I was on top as once again I pushed into her "You came so quickly mother because you have obviously been deprived for such a long time. But I promise you will not deprived any longer while I am around."

She put her arm up and pulled my face down to kiss me.
Chapter 2
Home | Top | Sirdar's Page |   Feedback to author



Home | Sirdar's Page « God Is On Our Side Index « Previous - Settings
Chapter 2
Posted: May 24, 2007 - 08:36:57 am
?

I was made to stay in bed the next morning and I must have dozed off for a while, but it seemed only within minutes of my mother leaving my bed, when I was mobbed by my girlfriend the luscious blonde bombshell Beanie. She really was something else. I gazed at her in amazement. I was wondering how I ever managed to get such a glamorous girl friend. She was exceedingly slim, and immediately I could see how we managed to give her the nickname of Beanie. Her long slightly wavy blonde hair fell in cascades to her shoulders from the parting in the centre of her head. Some of the strands of her hair fell to the front of her, resting on her slightly protruding pert little breasts, and the rest fell in heavy folds over her back.

Her slender shoulders were accentuated by the plain white blouse she was wearing, with a slightly plunging neckline it was not a deep neck line by any stretch of the imagination, but, it was low enough that I could see the delicate gold locket suspended from her slim neck, by a nearly invisible

gold chain.

Her legs were slim, and were covered by a black knee length slim cut skirt, that seemed to cling to her very slim waist, tightly, accentuating the shape of her hips, and then to taper to just above her knees. I especially liked the way her skirt seemed to accentuate her flat stomach.

Her large handbag dangled from her left shoulder, and I realised that it also contained her gas mask. It was black leather that matched her shoes and her skirt. She fingered her hair, pulling it back from her eyes, lightly flinging it over her shoulder; as she bent down to kiss me.

She definitely had something about her that was... well... the best word is foxy, she was very appealing,

and absolutely reeked of personality. The thought continually flashed through my mind. How in the hell had I managed to attract a girl like this. This girl was worth hanging on to. All of a sudden I began to realise that the trauma of slipping back sixty years did not seem as horrendous as I had first thought.

"I saw them carry you out last night on a stretcher, and they said you were dead. It was almost midnight when the raid ended, and two.o'clock by the time I got back here and Aunt Dora and Mandy had already gone to the hospital. When Aunt Dora came later, and told me that you were still alive, and you had come home seemingly OK, it was the most fantastic surprise of my life. I realised then just how much I really loved you. I wanted to come straight away, but they made me stay and wait until this morning so that you could have some rest."

In between talking she had dropped her coat and handbag and lain down on the bed and was periodically smothering my face with kisses between chatting. This was obviously the age where girls used an excess of lipstick, and strong perfume, and she was busily transferring the lipstick from her lips to my face. I subsequently learned that Beanie was almost a year older than me, she was seventeen almost eighteen and we had been boyfriend and girlfriend almost since starting school. We had apparently both vowed to get married when we were old enough when we were five years old.

Beanie was much thinner than the average girl. I thought that perhaps she was almost anorexic. She was very energetic, and she was a blue eyed blonde, of about 5'8" tall. She had a personality which was like a bottle of pop. Everything seemed to excite her, and she treated life with an excess of enthusiasm which I later found could be quite infectious.

Beanie lived next door, and I learned that we had been playmates way before school. She always referred to my mother as Aunt Dora, and apparently her mother was known as Aunt Beryl to me. Both families were close, and we had almost become sweethearts in our prams. Our fathers were close buddies and were both West Ham supporters. They had joined the Territorial army together in 1937, and were in the same unit somewhere in the western desert

Beanie and Aunt Beryl apparently normally worked with my mother, as a lathe operator in a local engineering works making parts for rifles and Bren guns, as did most of the local women. The fit men had all joined the armed forces, so the women had to take over their jobs. But today Beanie had taken a sickie ostensibly to look after me. I explained that I had lost my memory, and I asked her to help me by explaining what was happening. She gave me a brief synopsis of what was happening in the war.

She told me that it was September 11th 1940 with the second Christmas of the war fast approaching. The battle of Britain seemed to have fizzled out, and now the Germans were giving London and some other cities a pasting both day and night. Most night's local people would spend sleeping in their air raid shelters or at the underground station. So far we had been lucky, and our street had avoided any significant damage. Mostly the bombing had been aimed at the docks, which had seemed to be ablaze for days, but occasionally they missed, and some private shops or houses would get it.

Rationing was now getting tougher and even if you had sufficient coupons, it was sometimes not able to get the food or clothes you needed, as the shops had been bombed out, or the stock had not arrived. Clothing rationing had been introduced, and every item of clothing was now rationed. There was a big market in second hand clothes, and a very big black market in almost everything. Beanie was fantastic filling me in on what was happening, and occasionally, as she explained things I was getting little glimpses of my memory as Alan returning.

The doctor came at about 11.00 am and examined me and said that I should rest for a few days, and let nature take its course. I paid him the 2/6d my mother had left on the dressing table for his visit. He said "Your memory should return as your body recovers from the shock of the explosion." After the doctor left Beanie became more amorous. Eventually she said a little shyly.

"Last night after the bomb dropped and they carried you out, I was so sorry that we had never made love. I love you Alan and I want to marry you, and have your children, and I want us to make love now. I had my period last week so we should be fairly safe. I want something to remember you by, if anything like last night ever happens again."

Without waiting for my agreement she started disrobing and soon she was lying on top of the bed stark naked. As we clung together, enjoying the feel of each others bodies, we heard the wail of the air raid sirens start in the background.

Suddenly with a fervor that surprised me she said "Fuck Hitler he is not going to spoil this for me." I think that this was probably the first time we had ignored the air raid sirens in this war so far.

Beanie was already very excited when she lay back and spread her legs. Her excitement showed in her eyes, yet there was just a hint of nervousness. She was obviously impatient, and for some reason was not really expecting any foreplay. But this was where my experience of my previous adult life came into play.

She was a little surprised when, instead of mounting her straight away, I leaned forward and planted a soft kiss on her mouth. Her arms came round my neck, as she returned my kiss, but after a few seconds I pulled away and went straight to her groin. I gently pushed her legs apart and planted a kiss on the lips of her vagina, and started licking her gently, using my tongue to stimulate her clit.

Beanie moaned and twisted her body almost as though the feelings were too much for her. Then I stuck my tongue into her love tunnel as far as I could push it, and her hips came off the bed as she thrust her pussy hard into my face.

I was trying to do everything I could to please her. I used my tongue to good effect and she came twice in quite quick succession. Then I turned round and kissed her again gently. I eased back and got into position to mount her; to my surprise Beanie had her hand in place fondling my cock as she pointed it accurately at the entrance to her love tunnel.

She held me there but her right arm came up and pulled me down for a long passionate kiss on those sensuous pouty lips. As she pulled me down I felt the tip of my cock push in gently aided by the gentle shifting of her hips.

She was very wet so I pushed in gently. She gave a little gasp, her eyes closed and her arms tightened round my neck as once again she pulled me down fiercely kissing me and moaning The very process of pulling me down and the slight upward thrust of her hips caused me to push in even deeper, I pushed all the way in as far as I could go.

"It feels good." She panted

I moved my head down and sucked her nipples causing her to release her hold on my neck my sucking of her nipples, sending her into another orgasm. While I could feel her vagina muscles rippling and flexing invitingly as now I pushed deep inside her.

Then as she groaned "Oh Alan "It feels so GOOD Alan please."

I began to move in and out steadily with my cock. The feelings were so intense I knew I could not last long and much to my dismay I felt my cock pulsing hard against the entrance to her womb, filling her with my seed. However I kept my hardness and I started moving again. Beanie responded, her hips moving wildly her legs locked behind me with enthusiasm her thighs, holding me tight.

Her head was tossing from side to side, her hair flailing against the pillow until quite quickly I felt her body tense and she almost screamed "Yes, Yes, Yes please don't stop." and I could feel her juices joining mine, as our bodies locked together as she flopped and came, she finally fell back limp and exhausted as I continued pumping my juices inside her until I was sated and I too fell back exhausted.

As the days passed my memory as Alan Nash in my new life quickly recovered, and I began to adjust to life in wartime Britain. I missed many things from my previous life in the year 2000 such as a TV and my computer, but the end of the week I was adjusting quickly to my new life, and able to leave the house on my own and begin to talk to the neighbours.

My mother reminded me that I had a job in the Post Office as a telegram boy for a princely sum of 12/6d a week plus overtime. I went along to see the Postmaster to assure him that I would return to work as soon as I possibly could. The postmaster was quite sympathetic, but was obviously under great pressure. I remembered him as a kindly man, who had taken me on when I had got the sack from my previous job for putting a Bob Martins dog powder in the General Managers coffee.

At the time it was a practical joke intended for someone else which had misfired badly. It had caused great mirth in the office at the time as one bright wit had put it "He was barking mad:" and another said "He was not wagging his tail when he came back to work."

However, to continue I was told by one of the counter girls that the Postmasters son had been posted as missing on a leaflet dropping mission over Germany. I genuinely felt for him, he was a nice man, but I had very little sympathy for the Superintendent who I regarded as a bitter and twisted man, and who on occasion made my life and the other telegram boy's life a misery.

Although my pay was not much, I did earn a little extra as overtime, occasionally I received tips. Many nights I found myself working late as I had to cycle for long distances in the blackout. I also did fire watching for at least one night a week. For the princely sum of 4/- a night That meant that I had to sleep on the premises and put out any fires that were caused by incendiary bombs falling on the premises, during a raid. Fortunately that situation never arose.

Most nights when I was not fire watching we would find ourselves with home made sleeping bags going to the underground station well before the sirens sounded. The womens Voluntary services would make coffee or tea for tuppence a cup and usually before long; a sing-song would start with the favourite songs of the day being sung with great gusto. The songs made famous by Vera Lynn and Gracie Fields which were currently the forces favourites. We always tried our best to ignore the sound of the bombs dropping above us and the guns firing. Each morning however, we would emerge after a night's raid not knowing whether we were homeless or not.

On the few nights that we stayed at home, usually when the weather was bad, and we were fairly sure that the bombers would not come, it was usual for my mother and I to sleep together. I soon learned that my mother was indeed a very passionate woman and I began to wonder seriously what would happen if I should make her pregnant.

Saturday nights were special nights. Providing there was no air raid. It was bath night and when mother returned from work, the galvanized tin bath would be taken down from the wall in the yard, and placed in front the kitchen fire and mother would fill the bath with hot water with every pot she could find being used on the gas cooker or on the coal fired range.

Mandy my sister would usually be the first to bathe followed by me and then my mother. The idea was that the cleanest person should go first so as not to dirty the water. Hot water was added between each bath. Coal was severely rationed and we had to make what little we had go a long way. Frequently we could scrounge wood from bombed out buildings to help in cooking and providing hot water.

The bath would be freezing on the side away from the fire, but we were inclined to get a nasty burn if you touched the side next to the coal fire. Following the bath we would turn the radio on, and listen to the Saturday news followed by "In town tonight." The announcer would say "Tonight we halt the roar of Londons traffic to bring you people of importance who are in town tonight." This would be followed by interviews with celebrities and was always interesting to listen to.

At one time when I was younger I remembered how I would imagine some man leaping out into the middle of the traffic and holding his hand up, to get the people into the studio to talk into the microphone.

Saturday night would be a night when the family would get together This would be a night when mother would use our sweet ration and we would suck our few sweets while listening to the radio. Sometimes mother would make some bread pudding which was a great favourite of mine. Even Mandy would behave herself and unless she had a date, would treat me with grudging civility. I think at the time mother had threatened her if she did not behave.

Beanie would often join us with her mother Dora an older version of Beanie and a close friend of mothers. Beanie and I had few opportunities for sex because we were not inclined to let our parents know that our relationship had developed to that level. However other opportunities soon began to open up for me.

Sunday breakfast would be our one egg a week ration followed by Sunday lunch when we would gather round the table with our meagre meat joint of 4 oz per person, supplemented by an occasional sausage of dubious parentage, unless of course we could get an occasional rabbit to supplement our weekly ration, or some occasional offal which was not rationed. In addition we would be allowed a small ration of dried egg, which I personally thought was quite nice made up into omelets.

My life as a telegram boy was quite interesting in many ways. We had the normal routine telegrams for birthdays and which were often news that husbands or boy friends were coming home on leave. But these were frequently interspersed by the nasty telegrams informing relatives that their husbands or sons were either "killed in action" or "missing believed killed." The girls taking the telegrams in the post office would warn us so that we could alert neighbours or relatives first if we knew them that we were carrying bad news.

But this was also a time when many women were finding that life was a bit lonely. They did not have the money or the clothes to go out, and for a woman to enter a pub on her own was definitely not on. But a handsome young man arriving in the black out, was a bonus that often could not be ignored. Increasingly my colleagues and I found that we were increasingly being invited in for a drink especially if we brought good news or perhaps a "Happy Birthday.' Telegram.

Some of these ladies were very persuasive and my sex life began to get very busy and I began to realise that I was in danger of losing my beloved Beanie, if some of these escapades became public knowledge. It was time for me to move on, and to look for other employment. Fortunately the education and experience I had acquired in my previous life had stopped with me, and I hoped that later I would be able to exploit that to my own advantage.
Chapter 3
Home | Top | Sirdar's Page |   Feedback to author



Home | Sirdar's Page « God Is On Our Side Index « Previous - Settings
Chapter 3
Posted: May 24, 2007 - 08:36:57 am
?

My sister Mandy was a pain in the ass. She was moody, rude and in my opinion she dressed like a tramp. Our mother seemed to have given up on her. But one day Mandy faced me with the fact that she had proof that I was fucking our mother. I just laughed and said you are dreaming, but somehow I knew that she was fairly sure of her facts.She said.

"I might just tell Beanie unless you make it worth my while brother."

"You vindictive bitch!" I was livid, but I was determined she would soon learn that I was not a brother as she could treat as scum. The fact she was prepared to blackmail me and her mother made me so angry, and anyone who threatened my relationship with Beanie was really asking for trouble.

What she failed to realise was that I was bigger physically than her; she sauntered over to me with her look of superiority on her moody face as she taunted me.

"Well?" she taunted.

I reasoned that she could not make things any worse than they were so I grabbed her and pulled her down over my knee. I pulled her skirt up and pulled her knickers down around her ankles. I could feel her bust resting against my leg as she wriggled and shouted

"You bastard let me up immediately."

She was seventeen now nearly eighteen, born almost the same time as Beanie, and I was just seventeen, but I had thirty years of experience in my previous life, and I was physically bigger than her. Grabbing one of my slippers I raised my hand as far as it would go and the slipper came down with a thunderous whack. Mandy jerked on my lap, her tits shaking against my leg, her buttocks contracting at the pain She shrieked and swore but with one hand holding her down, I had no problem controlling her wriggling torso Again, and again I whacked her exposed buttocks, until it began to glow a rosy red and my arm was getting tired. I was feeling much better for letting my frustrations out on my bitchy older sister.

I could feel her sobbing quietly to herself, then on impulse I slid my hand from where it rested against her buttocks down between her legs. As my fingers brushed her cunt lips, her reaction was instantaneous. She tried to push herself up off my lap. She was very wet but she moaned and shouted.

"What are you doing?" I was holding her down by the back of her neck. So I pushed her back down and continued to let my hand fondle and probe inside her pussy lips. Enjoying the feel of her body and my sensation of power.

One finger pushed instinctively into her depths, as I gently finger fucked her, and she wriggled in my lap. She had stopped crying and was moaning slightly, but her body was reacting very positively to the probing of my hand. I could feel her bosom pressing against my leg, and my cock was threatening to burst out of my trousers. I was pretty sure she could feel it pressing against her as well.

My finger continued to slip in and out of her, and soon I feel her reaction with her increased moistness between her lips. My finger was now covered in her juices. I pushed a second finger into her, and she moaned involuntarily. I twisted my hand as my fingers pushed in, sending tingles of pleasure into Mandy's s cunt. She moaned again.

My other hand slipped inside her blouse and cupped one breast; my finger started fondling the enlarged nipple. I suddenly realised that she was no longer fighting me. She moved her body so that I could fondle her more easily and her groans were groans of passion. I pulled her blouse free from her skirt, and pulled it over her head leaving her braless body free for my attentions as I reached beneath, now stroking her bare flesh.

Mandy moaned, it was the kind of moan that I recognised as a moan of passion. She was enjoying the feel of my hands on her body and no longer was she resisting me. Her pussy was wet, her nipples were hard, and her breathing was ragged. She was I sensed fully aroused.

I swung her around onto the bed as I rose from my sitting position. With her panties around her ankles I slipped them over her feet, and her naked body was now lying on her back gazing up at me. I could see that she was waiting for me to make the next move. I moved between her legs and then, I reached down and fondled her tits again. Then I reached up and took my own shirt off. Wh-what are you doing, I?" my sister asked.

"You want to blackmail me sister dear," I mocked, throwing my shirt over my shoulder, and unbuckling my belt and undoing my fly buttons.

"So I'm going to fuck you instead. "My sister became very pale. "But I'm your sister!"

"You should have thought of that before you started blackmailing me." My sister gasped as I finished disrobing kicking my underpants off.

As my pants came off she saw what I had in my armory and then she shouted.

"You're built like a fucking donkey", but there was no hint of despair in her voice she said. "Please be gentle with me."

"Mother will hear you! You'll get caught!" Mandy said

Then a voice said. "No Mandy wrong, mother is watching you, and enjoying seeing you punished. I work seven days a week looking after you and you threaten your brother and me with blackmail. I miss your father, but I only let your brother make love to me. I don't think your father would object to that, or would you want me chasing other men?"

My sister looked up at her not answering. I positioned my cock at my sister's opening, and began to press in. my gently. She was tight but very ready, and I was gentle with her even with her pussy fully lubricated. I pressed into her slowly, enjoying the look of pleasure her face, as my cock continued to slowly sink into her depths. When I was about half-way in, I pulled out, until just the head of my cock was inside. I watched her eyes, and they were filled with passion. I pressed slowly and carefully into her again, going a little farther before pulling out.

I continued this slow thrusting movement until I was fully inside her as I slowly making my way into my sister's cunt. Finally, I was in as far as I could go, and we were moving our hips together, her arms were circling my neck and her lips were pushing against mine. She was enjoying it. I reached down and fondled her tits, now she was continually moaning small moans of contentment.Her sounds of passion grew in volume Mandy was quickly approaching her climax, and when it came, she clamped her cunt muscles round my cock, and watched with contentment as she writhed on the bed, impaled on my cock.

As my orgasm approached, I slammed my cock fully into her, hard. Her mouth flew open with the surprise at being so suddenly full that way, and I plastered my lips to hers, my tongue thrusting into her mouth. She instinctively kissed back, her tongue dancing with my, tongue in her mouth.

She soon felt my cum spurting into her, filling her up even more. The sensation gave her another small orgasm of her own, and her pussy contracted along my cock, dragging even more cum from my balls. They stayed that way for some time, lips locked and bodies merged, until finally I broke the kiss, and let my sister fall, gently, to the bed, my cock sliding out of her as she lay looking up at me resting on her back. I looked at her as she tried to catch her breath.

Alan I am so sorry I will not give you any more problems. I'm sorry too mother, providing...

Providing what? Mother replied. You let Alan look after me like this again. Strangely my virtual raping of Mandy brought about a gradual change in her behaviour. Slowly as rationing allowed Mandy changed the way she dressed, and her behaviour seemed to mature. Now she would talk to me as though I was human being instead of a piece of cow dung. She got herself a reasonably respectable boy friend, and no longer were there any threats of blackmail over my fucking our mother. Occasionally I would service her, as much as anything to keep the peace.

Christmas was soon with us and Beanies family and ours clubbed our rations together to make up a reasonable Christmas lunch. Mother had some dried fruit and one or two items like candy peel left from pre war days — together with what we scrounged, and what we had in stock we managed to get together a reasonable feast.

It was still possible to buy some Christmas presents although stocks in the shops was very limited. Most factories were now engaged in war production, and the few ships in convoys that managed to get through brought in only essential items. We had arranged to have lunch at our house and tea with Beanies family. After lunch and a few drinks we settled down to hear the Kings broadcast to the Commonwealth on the radio.

Meanwhile, just as the King started his Christmas message and unbeknown to us, as we sat in comfort in front of the fire and listening to the national anthem, an ME 109 fighter plane on a reconnaissance mission was wending its way over the south coast towards London, only to be greeted by three Hurricane fighter planes from Biggin Hill whose pilots were a little annoyed at having their Christmas lunch spoiled. They met in the sky over east London with the result, that a young Luftwaffe pilot by the name of Dieter Nieumeir soon found himself slowly descending towards our back yard on the end of a parachute.

The resulting crash from our back yard found us quite quickly staring at a very bewildered young man who had descended through our toilet roof, and had one foot firmly wedged in our bog. He was suspended by the straps of his parachute which was enmeshed in the remains of the roof structure.

Being fluent in German having spent so many years in Heidelberg in my previous existence. I patiently tried to explain to him, that if he was waving that pistol around when the Home Guard arrived, he would be shot, and that he was making a right prat of himself. I also pointed out that a picture of him with his foot stuck in a toilet would not go down well with Herr Goebells

He was looking very sorry for himself and he was waving an enormous pistol around and threatening to shoot anyone who attempted to capture him. He told me that we had better treat him well, because the German Army would soon be in London. I suggested that if he wished we could leave hum stuck where he was until they arrived. A suggestion that gave him pause for thought.

The fact that I spoke German fluently calmed him down a little, and eventually I managed to get the pistol off him. I checked that it was loaded and got rid of the shells, and then I relieved him of his map case which was slung over his shoulder.

Within a few minutes a Home Guard sergeant arrived with two men arrived to take our prisoner away. However, poor Dieter had his foot well and truly jammed in our toilet and in the end they had to smash the toilet to release the poor chap. Not only did the Home Guard arrive, but also the press, the Military Police and the local coppers. So he did have his photograph taken for the local newspaper anyway. The resulting damage to our toilet led to further problems as Beanies grandmother had drunk too much cooking sherry at lunch, and now the spirit of Christmas had taken hold and she had a case of the galloping trots, to her dismay we no longer had a toilet. But once again the true spirit of Christmas came to the fore, and the neighbours were prepared to accommodate us temporarily in their outdoor toilets.

Once the excitement died down, we went back to our Christmas celebrations — however, I was then faced with the question from friends and family. "How was it I could speak German fluently?" Now that gave me a bit of a headache, and there was only one way that I could answer that.So I told them

"I must confess that I have always had a quiet interest in languages and I studied on my own and listened to radio broadcasts the past few years. I have been a bit shy about confessing it. I am sorry."

Strangely enough they believed me, and congratulated me on being the hero of the hour.

Beanie was all over me. "I was so proud of you darling facing up to him like that when he was waving that pistol around you're a proper hero and no mistake."

"I said I was no hero love. I was scared stiff, but I reckon he was more scared than I was."

I pretended modesty but then I realised that I still had the pilots map case and I had not handed that over in all the confusion. I had handed the pistol and the shells to the Sergeant of the Home Guard, but he had at the time been more interested in getting the pilots leg out of the bog.

I opened the case carefully but there was nothing exceptional in there except maps and charts and one or two aerial photographs of the docks. So we just put them back in the case and went on to enjoy our Christmas or what was left of it.

It was 10.00 o clock next morning when the police came to arrest me.
Chapter 4
Home | Top | Sirdar's Page |   Feedback to author



Home | Sirdar's Page « God Is On Our Side Index « Previous - Settings
Chapter 4
Posted: May 24, 2007 - 08:36:57 am
?

The police seemed very embarrassed at having to take me into the police station. They put me in a room on my own. My family and many of our neighbours were all waiting outside and making their presence felt. They were harassing the police who were nearly all members of the local community and the police seemed to quite openly sympathise with their protest. I could hear a constable trying to explain that I had been arrested on orders of the Military Police and not their own authority...

However about half an hour after I had been arrested the door opened, and a very stout army major entered the room, together with a young attractive female second lieutenant. I could see from their insignia and the red caps that they were military police.

"Stand up when I enter the room." He shouted at me. I just laughed, I could not help myself, and the young second lieutenant could not help but give a little smile of sympathy.

"You impudent young pup." The major shouted at me as he sat down.

I just ignored him, and kept a smile on my face. I could imagine that a normal sixteen year old boy would probably have been utterly fazed by this mans arrogance, and demeanor, but I had a thirty year old mind and experience inside my head...

I am Major Stamp and this is Lieutenant Rhodes, we are the duty intelligence officers at the war office.

"First of all what do you mean by retaining items that you removed from a prisoner of war?"

"What items?" I asked quietly.

"Sir — you address me as sir."

"I am not in the army, and I only addressed my teachers as sir when I was at school." I told him firmly but quietly.

"The map case."

"Where were you at ten minutes past three yesterday afternoon?" I asked.

"What's that got to do with you?"

"Yesterday afternoon at ten minutes past three, I was facing a very frightened Luftwaffe Pilot with one foot stuck down a loo and waving a loaded pistol. I took the loaded pistol off him, and then the Home Guard, the police and the Press arrived. All hell broke loose, and I forgot about the case but I gave the pistol to the Home Guard and the case to the duty sergeant this morning. But I expect at that time you were snoring off your lunch"

"Don't be bloody impudent you..." as he spoke he raised his fist as though to hit me.

"Don't sir." Lieutenant Rhodes said as she grabbed his arm.

"She threw me a pleading look as though asking me to cool it a bit."

At that point the Superintendent of police came in the room. I think that you had better go. I have heard enough and I will be making my report to your superiors Major; this young man is here in police custody. You lay one finger on him, and I will arrest you. He did a good job yesterday, and he deserves more respect, than a desk bound yob like you are prepared to give him"...

Turning to me." You go on home Alan and enjoy your Christmas, pop back in here in the morning if you would please. The major was very clearly upset and realising he had lost this round, pushed his way out the door and stomped to his waiting car, obviously in a foul mood.

When we got outside Lt Forbes asked "With your permission Superintendent I would like to ask Alan where he learnt his German."

"I learned French and German myself from books, and listening to radio broadcasts I told her' I always had an interest in languages."

"Thank you Alan I am sorry about the Majors attitude. I will probable be seeing you again."

She shook hands with me, and I left to join my waiting family and press outside.

The next morning I reported to the Police Station and the Sergeant said. There are two people from the War office coming to see you, but meanwhile, I have been asked to ask you to give an official statement on what actually happened on Christmas day for the record. He was very nice, and sat with me as together we wrote the report.

We had just finished when Lt Forbes arrived with a civilian, who said immediately "Guten Morgen Herr Nash. Wie geht es ihnen". I replied as I assumed he expected " Sehr Gut Danke mein Herren."

He laughed and we sat down in an interview room. He did not waste any time." I gather that you work for the Post Office Alan, which means that you are already a member of the Civil service. Now to put it bluntly we have a big problem — we have a big shortage of people who are fluent in German French and other European languages and we wondered whether you would like to come and work for us as part of government intelligence."

I said. "Provisionally I am very interested. What would I be doing?"

"At first I am afraid nothing very exciting, but we deal mainly in low level intelligence, you see we analyse everything we get in writing from Europe and we have people who listen to every short wave broadcast from European countries that we can pick up. All this information although initially it may seem mundane and routine, helps us build a picture on what is happening in Europe. You would obviously be taken on for a trial period, and the future would depend very much on where your skills and interests lie. The pay is not stupendous, but it would be a lot better than you are getting now."

I told him that I thought I would be very interested and he said. "Well we must contact the Post Office first, and arrange the formal transfer and I will send you details in the next few days."

Department X

It was about a week later when I had my transfer completed. The office of department X was based in central London not far from the Admiralty Arch. The boss was an ex professor from Oxford who was a language expert, and who had been seconded from the university for the war period. At first he seemed very embarrassed to have a mere teenager working in the department, but he soon realised that I had the skills that they so badly needed. It was strange at first for me working in an office, without computers and video screens and calculators and all the other instruments which I had became accustomed to in my previous life. The typewriters we used were very much objects of curiosity in the year 2000 and I had seen them in museums.

The staff was mostly female but we had a few older men who were too old for military service. I was very much the junior by about ten years, but also increasingly very much pampered by the men starved ladies, many of whom came from European countries such as Holland and Belgium. We also had two ladies from Austria and one from Switzerland. For which of course German was a native language. The one thing we all had in common was the ability to speak and or read and write German and other European languages.

We seemed to gel into quite a good social group, and there was very little conflict or jealousy in the office. We frequently would go to a local café run by a lady called Carol, for a coffee and a chat when work permitted or during lunch hours. The section I worked with dealt very much with prisoners of war mail and newspaper cuttings that may have been included in the post. The German censors were variable in quality and sometimes real snippets of information was missed and fell into our hands...

I was paired up with a very slim glamorous blonde lady of about 32 whose name was Heidi and who originally came from Austria. Her family was still in Austria, but her husband was British and was serving in the British Army. He had as far as she knew, been taken prisoner at Dunkirk and was posted as missing presumed killed. She was a darling, and had a lovely personality, and had been a model working for a London fashion house until the outbreak of war

At first Heidi was a bit shy with me, but I soon became aware that not unusually she was missing her husband and male company. At first it was just the occasional glance and a smile, then a little touching and then she started doing little things for me like fetching coffee and giving, me some of her sweet ration, and soon we became quite close, and I became very fond of her.

The only problem for me with this new job was that I had to travel daily to the office from the east side of London. I was allowed some travel concession plus free lunches because of my age. I was issued with a little blue ticket that I could take to a local restaurant and exchange for a meal up to a certain pre determined value of 2/6d.

The traveling was a bit of a nuisance as it was a long way home from the office especially when there was an air raid on. By the time I had got to Stratford of an evening, my mother and Beanie and perhaps Mandy would already be at the station sheltering for the night. They would usually have my sleeping bag with them.

One night when there was a particularly bad raid and I was hesitating about going home. I had previously suggested to my mother that I could probably sleep on the floor in the office, or go to the underground shelter provided by the government. She had reluctantly agreed that it would be safer, and more convenient, and save her a lot of worry. Heidi knew what I was considering as we had discussed my problem beforehand.

Heidi suggested hesitantly.

"Why don't you come home with me Alan?"

I know she lived quite near in some government owned accommodation.

I hesitated briefly, but I knew that my mother would not be too worried if I did not come home as she had been warned...

I said. "Thank you. Are you sure it is not too much trouble?"

"No love." she said. "I would welcome the company on nights like this. I hate being on my own."

It was a bright moonlight nigh often referred to as a "Bombers Moon" and quite light out in the street, with the searchlights probing the sky and the distant hum of aircraft in the sky, but the local guns were quiet so we did not have the problem of falling flak. Nevertheless the Air Raid wardens were attempting to bully people into taking shelter.

I was quite proud to be seen with such a beautiful woman. It had been raining that morning so she was wearing a red mackintosh and a white silk scarf round her neck. She had a black beret on her head which contrasted well with her blonde hair. As we walked she tucked her arm possessively in mine. Fortunately the bombing was more in the East of London, so we made it to her home quite quickly. As soon as we got into her apartment she busied herself getting some drinks and a meal and then we settled down to listen to a radio broadcast. Somehow as we sat on the couch, our bodies seemed to gravitate together and before long we were kissing.

Suddenly, she got up and rushed into the bedroom. I thought I had offended her, but then she appeared in the doorway stark naked. And said.

"Well are you coming to bed then, or are you going to stay there all night."

I responded quickly and soon we were lying down just looking at one another, I put my arm round Heidi's neck and she rested her beautiful blonde head on my shoulder. I was enjoying the feel of her lovely body against mine and the soft feel of her hair on my shoulders. We lay there like that for a long time just enjoying the feel of each others bodies and giving each other little kisses, and gently using our hands to explore each others bodies. I could feel her breasts pushing hard against my chest. Her nipples were hard like a pair of bullets. As we were doing this I let my hands wander down her beautiful soft warm body relishing her softness and the smell of her.

After a while she pulled away and her hand went down and started fondling my cock. We both moaned little happy moans as she massaged my cock. I put one hand on her buttocks and started fingering her rectum. I pushed my forefinger gently into her rectum. She moaned and pushed hard against me.

To my surprise she co-operated and she raised her upper leg and put her knee on my hip. This made it much easier for me. I let my fingers slide forward, until they came in contact with her vagina from behind. She was extremely warm and wet and I guessed ready for almost anything. I started stroking her vagina and she was moving in conjunction with me. I let my finger part her lips and start exploring her; she moaned and pushed harder against me.

At the same time she was gently massaging my cock and I was so hard it was almost hurting. We continued exploring each others bodies for a few more moments. Her kissing became even more passionate, and then Heidi pulled away, she whispered in a loud hoarse whisper "Darling I want you inside me now." Molly rolled over on her back and she me intently as I positioned myself between her legs.

She looked up at me and smiled. But at that moment we were only considering ourselves. I pushed gently as my cock started sliding into her love tunnel. Heidi carefully let me go in as far as she was comfortable, she was holding my cock and releasing it as she felt comfortable.

"Go slowly sweetie it's been a long time." she whispered...

I kept pulling out and pushing back slowly a little farther each time. Until I was in as far as I could go. I stopped and looked deeply into Heidi's eyes, she reached up and put her arms round my neck and started giving me passionate kisses as she ground her slim body against mine. All the time she was moving her hips in time with me.

Then her body started vibrating, and then she seemed to go all stiff, letting out a little half screams. I held my cock right up inside her, as her vagina muscles started a vibration on my cock as her body rubbed against me. Finally, her body stopped vibrating and she looked up at me and smiled as she said, "You are one dangerous boy I could fall in love with you quite easily" That was fantastic, and you gave me what I have been missing for a long long time."

As she spoke I was still moving gently, I knew I could not last much longer, as once again Heidi started moving with me. I could feel my orgasm building and suddenly I started coming. I started spurting into her; Heidi went wild as she also started having another orgasm... Her body was tossing from side to side she was moaning. It seemed to go on forever until we rolled apart gasping for breath. I put my arm round Heidi and she snuggled up to me. I knew that she would only give me a few moments before she would want me again. Then she said. "Do you know I would never think that a boy of your age could be so good in bed!"

The next morning we went into the office together, making no secret of the fact that I had stayed at her flat the night before. But our very open attitude seemed to convince the others that we had not slept together

Our work was at times interesting and sometimes boring. Much of the material was letters taken off dead Germans, or taken from prisoners of war. It was about two days later that I picked up quite a long letter of five pages addressed to a German major who was the senior German officer located in a prisoner of war camp in Scotland. As I read the letter carefully I became suspicious of the grammar being used. Gradually it dawned on me that there was a code being used in the letter. It was quite simple, with the second letter of every sentence making the spelling of a word in German.

The inference of the message when I unscrambled the significant letters was that an escape plan had been formulated by the prisoners, and the reply was confirming that a U Boat would be waiting at a designated beach to take the escapees back to Germany. I called the Boss over and he was highly delighted. While we awaited personnel from intelligence HQ to arrive, I decided that we should re-examine further letters which could possibly contain messages. We discovered two more messages addressed to other officers which linked to the first, made more sense and gave us much more information.

The officers from the Counter Intelligence department were amazed to find that a seventeen year old boy had discovered the plot. They were not quite sure how to handle the situation. They were highly surprised and delighted to find that a mere juvenile like me had made such a discovery left them as it were "all at sea" The one man whispered to me. "The boss does not know whether to give you a medal or buy you a bag of lollipops."

Eventually the whole apartment was called to a brief meeting and congratulated about the find, and I was singled out and given public praise. However, we were given a warning about leaks from the department which had recently been discovered, and we were all warned that we should not speak to friends or family or any strangers. Discussions were underway to give the department a good cover name.
Chapter 5
Home | Top | Sirdar's Page |   Feedback to author


Home | Sirdar's Page « God Is On Our Side Index « Previous - Settings
Chapter 5
Posted: May 24, 2007 - 08:36:57 am
?

After the meeting I was a little curious, and I spoke alone to the professor about the actions liable to be taken regarding the find of the code in the letters. He said "Probably initially nothing. As we have to be sure that the Germans are not running a type of double bluff. They must just be waiting for a reaction from us, to see how good we are at breaking their codes. You see if we reacted, and arrested the ringleaders, or put on obvious extra security, they would know that we had broken their code and tumbled to the plot as it were. So probably we do nothing obvious, but just remain on watch and be prepared in case it is not a test of some kind."

It was the beginning of April 1941 and although we were still getting plenty of night raids, they were shorter as the Luftwaffe needed to be back over France during daylight, otherwise they would be too good a target for our fighters. We were all glad at the short respite from the long winter nights, and the almost continuous raids that started at dusk.

I was beginning to see how complicated all this security business actually was. As the spring came and the nights grew lighter, I made an effort to go home at nights. The raids would not start until later and they had tended to switch many of the raids away from the East End dock areas to more lucrative targets Mandy made no fuss at all when I went to my mothers' bedroom and even did her best to keep our secret away from Beanie.

Increasingly I spent fewer nights with Heidi, and more with my mother and Beanie. Now we seemed to have a little more home life as the intensity and ferocity of the night attacks decreased and many people, especially school children who had been evacuated from London started drifting back to their homes in the city. Whole schools had been evacuated to country areas, but now the schools were being faced with a dilemma. A cousin of mine was at West Kensington High School which had been evacuated en masse to a small town in Wiltshire and had to share facilities with a local junior school. Her parents however decided to let her stay in safety rather than risk the raids again. But now the school faced a dilemma as children were drifting back to the parents and the school was split in two.

I was getting a little bored with the work, and I felt very lonely when Heidi was transferred to a high level intelligence unit outside London at a place called Bletchley Park. Sometimes Beanie would come up to town, and we would spend a night together, but it was increasingly hard as she was being required to work extra hours, as the factories were all out replacing equipment lost at Dunkirk. I was also faced with a question mark over my future, as I approached eighteen and I was due to be called up for the forces.

Activities were taking place round the country to raise funds for spitfires and women were knitting scarves and socks for the troops. The older men and women were digging for victory and the amount of home grown fruit and vegetables was gradually increasing. Many families were increasing their own food supply by growing their own fruit and vegetables. Small boys and their fathers bred rabbits for slaughter at 1/6d a pound to be sold through local butchers shops, and for which they would receive a receipt and could claim a bran ration to feed their bunnies.

It was April 15th when we had received the sad news that both my father and Beanies father had been killed at Tobruk. My mother was devastated, and I had three days off work to be with them. What made the whole event much worse was that there could be no funeral, and no proper grieving. Beanie and I spent our first night together. She cried herself to sleep in my arms, as far as I knew Mandy spent the night with mother

While I was at home we had agreed that Beanie and I would be married as soon as I was eighteen, and before I was called up for the army. Both our mothers gave their wholehearted approval. We were delighted, and I was looking forward to a married life with Beanie. We seemed so well suited. My thoughts were turning towards where we were going to live and I was actively considering various options.

London at this time was packed with troops and fair mixtures of foreign uniforms from the Commonwealth and Europe were to be seen throughout the City. Many of the uniforms were from troops who had escaped the German invasion of their country after Dunkirk The ships somehow managed to keep going, and although the U Boats were obviously winning the war at sea, yet there was an undoubted air of optimism running through the nation as little trickles of optimistic news began to trickle through and the country was recovering from Dunkirk. The Germans were losing more aircraft and the RAF was now making more raids over occupied Europe. We were beginning to hit back at last...

It was on November 5th traditionally Guy Fawkes night when tragedy struck again. It was dark at about 4.00pm and I was staying in the City and did not go home. A land mine demolished our street in East London and my mother my sister and my beloved Beanie together with her mother and her grandparents were all killed. The local police knowing where I worked, phoned the news through to the Professor. I was stunned, in such a short period I had lost all my family and there could be no funeral for any of them either.

There was no point in having time off, my main feeling of loss was for Beanie. I had really fallen in love with her. I just saw my mother and Mandy as two people I had picked up on the way. My real mother was in my memory, and in my past before my transformation to this present life. However, realism set in, and I knew I now had to find a home of some kind. I was relatively well paid and I had plenty of offers of a room from my colleagues in the office, but I wanted independence.

The work in the office was increasing, and we were getting a gradual increase of staff but it was very hard to keep pace. Increasingly, I chose to get away from the office for meal breaks and most of us visited Carols Café. When I was at a loose end during the evenings I would spend the time at Carol's cafe. We were regular customers, and I would spend hours drinking wartime coffee. I got friendly with Carol. She told me that she came from Newry a town on the border of Southern Ireland, where all her family lived and she had gone to school.

I liked Carol; she was a typical Irish lass with lovely blue eyes, auburn hair and a lovely lilting Irish accent. I guessed that she was probably about 22 or 23 years old. She was always cheerful and very welcoming, and frequently she produced special offers of cake and items for us that were scarce. When we asked her where she got them from she would tap the side of her nose and say something like "Don't looks a gift horse in the mouth." or, "ask no questions and hear no lies." and she would sweep away into the kitchen. I had always thought she was a very precocious young lady, but god, she was damn sexy. In many ways she reminded me of my lost Beanie.

It was always our custom when any of us from the office went into the café for a break and a chat to sit at one of the special tables against the wall. They always had a few flowers on them and nice printed menu's, I was sure that she was doing this to look after her regular customers. Carol always kept a reserved notice on the tables which meant that we had three tables reserved for staff from the Ministry of Defence offices... It was no great loss to her, as it was extremely rare that she was that busy that all the tables were full.

When we thanked her for the special service she always gave us - she would reply something like "away with yerself are you not doing your bit to win the war, and getting little praise for it. I feels as though I be doing my bit by looking after you so I am."

I must admit that I fancied Carol, but thought I had little chance at my tender age of 17, but once again I was wrong. It all started one morning when I went for a quick cup of coffee away from the pressure of the office. When Carol served me, I was the only customer, and that day she had hired a young girl who she introduced as Sandy to help her, so she made herself a cup of coffee and came and sat down with me.

"And how are you Tony my lad?"She asked. "I hear you are quite a hero for such a young chap and so you are."

"Oh it's a long story and not very interesting Carol." I replied, thinking initially she was talking about the capture of the airman.

I felt her legs rubbing against mine under the table and I quickly got the impression that she was coming on to me. Within five minutes and being very bold I had arranged that we should meet for a visit to the cinema later that evening after she had closed the café.

She was waiting for me and so we went along to a local cinema, and I can not remember what the film was. The lights had just gone down when I felt her hand undoing my fly buttons.

"Do you like me doing this to you?" she whispered as she fondled my very hard cock...

I was rather shocked at the speed of her actions. But nevertheless, I grabbed her; hugging her tight I gave her a long passionate kiss on her lips. I could smell her exotic perfume and the stickiness of her lipstick. But I did not object

''Does that answer your question? I asked, as I stopped to draw breath.

"My dharling bhoy, do you think now, we could get more comfortable in my apartment"?

"Just do your pants up and let's be away."

Within fifteen minutes and a short ride on the Central line to Notting Hill gate we were at Carols apartment. As we entered the door I grabbed her and kissed her. She broke away from my kiss, and within seconds she was naked and lying on the bed. A few seconds later and I had joined her...

I looked down at her. She was beautiful, she looked much younger with no clothes, just like a young teenager she was slim with a beautiful complexion, but her breasts were small and gave the impression that they were the breasts of a young girl and not a fully formed woman.

We kissed and fondled for a long time I stroked and sucked her breasts and her nipples and she started kissing down my body. She started working her way down my body. Carol started running her tongue over my cock. "Hmmm," she said. "I thought that you were bigger than most when I felt you in the cinema and I am right my dharling boy."

I smiled at her, "Too big perhaps for you Carol dear, and you want to go back to the cinema?"

"Oh no," she said wickedly. "The bigger the better. I can take it all"

"Well Carol dear, you can stop at any time if you feel I am too big for you." Tony said.

She did not respond but to my surprise, she plunged her mouth down over my cock. Her long auburn hair tickling my thighs as her head bobbed up and down. It was a good feeling but she was going too fast for me and I could feel her teeth scraping along my cock. I pulled her away.

"I think I am too big for you honey, you are hurting me."

"I want you to fuck me properly. I have not been properly fucked for a long time" She said quietly

I pulled her down next to me. "Are you sure Carol- we hardly know one another yet?"

"Look love, you are a very pretty girl, and you could get any man you want."

She did not reply, but I let the subject drop and enjoyed holding her, I kissed her and fondled her breasts and then I ran my hands down to her groin. She moaned gently, obviously enjoying the feelings that I was giving her.

She was still fondling my cock with her hands quite enthusiastically although she was very quiet. I kissed my way down her body, and started kissing her thighs gradually working in to the lips of her vagina. I licked her clit and she responded quite violently tossing her body round the bed and moaning

Carol started to nuzzle my neck and kissing my cheeks and then my eyes. Her love making had become quite vigorous, we had a long sensuous kiss and then I pushed her legs apart, and positioned myself to push into her.

Then Carol said." Could I come on top Tony, you are rather big and it will be easier for me" I was quite happy to do it that way as I lay back and she straddled me. I could see that she was nervous. She placed the tip of my cock between her vagina lips, she hesitated for a few moments and then I felt her gradually let her weight drop down on to me.

The sensations were out of this world, she was quite small and my cock is on the large side and although she was quite wet, she really had to put her weight on to let it penetrate her. I looked up at her and there was a hint of nervousness in her eyes, and then she gave me a little smile, I breathed a sigh of relief, she was enjoying it.

She sucked in her breath and then relaxed, she gave a little gasp and then I was as deep inside her as I could go. She flopped forward on to my body, covering my face with passionate kisses. Then she started moving her hips in unison with me, her moans increased and she started moving with enthusiasm. She was giving little shrieks and moans and I knew that all was well with her and she was enjoying herself...

I was surprised at the feelings she was giving me, her vagina muscles were working, vibrating and massaging me as though she was an old pro. Quite quickly I was creeping forward to my orgasm, and to my relief I felt her body tense as she gave little moans and shrieks as she had a number of small orgasms, and then her body stiffened and she gave out a loud wail as without warning she had her first major orgasm.

She flopped forward into my arms and we stayed locked together for several moments as we recovered our breath. Then she started me once again with her lovely soft lips, as I slipped out of her and our juices flooded out on to the counterpane...

Carol was aware of my problem and the next morning she invited me to move in with her and share her apartment. She made it clear that there was no commitment, but she explained that she did not like living on her own and that she used to share with another girl who was now away in the WAAF.

The only thing that bothered me a bit was the fact that Carol seemed to have an unholy interest in our work in the office, and being very acutely conscious of the need for security. I politely refused; my instinct told me that I should although the offer was very tempting.

It was the next day that I tackled the Professor and told him that I wanted to apply for a transfer from the Civil Service to the Navy. I thought he was going to have a heart attack. " No no no Alan. We need you badly — we have already had a couple of meetings about your future, and the only problem is your age. We want to give you more interesting and more responsible work but you are only seventeen, although in many ways you seem much older."

I was feeling very down at his response and I left the office early. I was going for a coffee and just as I was about to turn the corner. Carol hurried past me huddled in a dark raincoat. She seemed in a terrible hurry and did not see me, so out of curiosity. I followed her on the underground until she reached Russell Square underground station keeping at a safe distance. Then she stopped and sat on a bench looking round quite nervously, after a few minutes I saw her pull a package from her pocket and drop it into a waste bin that was right alongside the seat. She sat there for a few moments and then got up and hurried away back towards the café.

Almost immediately a quite swarthy looking man came and sat in the seat, and within seconds he put his hand in the waste bin, and pulled out the small package that Carol had left. Looking round surreptitiously he then hurried away. Once again I followed, he walked quite quickly, and I followed him to the Spanish Embassy.

The whole episode was very suspicious and gave me much food for thought. The obvious conclusion was that Carol was either acting as a courier or was in some way acting as a spy. She said she was from Northern Ireland, the man she met was arguably a Spaniard. Both the IRA and Spanish governments were supporters of the Hitler regime and the conclusion seemed to me to be quite obvious.

Later I went back to the café and Carol greeted me effusively with a big kiss. She put me at one of the reserved tables. Then she locked the door and came to sit with me after making me a Coffee. I remembered how previously she had very casually tried to get me to talk about my work, and once again the conversation was very craftily brought round to the same subject. It was quite hard for me to hate Carol, I adroitly fielded her questions, but Carol was so much like Beanie that I could not help feeling a great fondness for her.

That night I played my part like a real trouper. We went back to her apartment and we made love

As soon as we got to her apartment we were kissing and soon we were on the bed and once again Carol straddled my naked body between her stocking-clad thighs. I was enjoying her having pushed my suspicions to the back of my mind. For a while she positioned herself across my thighs so my cock was just pressing gently against her entrance, obviously she was enjoying the feel of my cock pinned down between her long, shapely legs.

Carol reached down between her stocking-clad thighs and I felt her soft fingers fumble around my cock. I gasped as she gently rubbed my head against her moist slit.

"Now just relax darling..." She whispered in her soft lilting tone.

"OOOoooohhhhh!" I could not help letting out a soft moan as I felt the sensation of my hard cock being inserted into her warm, wet pulsating love tunnel. Carol smiled down at me happily, as she wriggled her shapely hips from side to side, inexorably sliding my cock deep into her eager slit.

She leaned forward and grabbed me by my wrists, pinning them down on the bed above my head, as she reached down and kissed me passionately on the lips. I felt unable to do anything other than return her kiss with equal passion. I could feel her small hard nipples pressing against my hest as we kissed...

Her eyes closed and she shuddered. "Oh, yes-s-s, Tony that is nice. Oh, darling you're so big and so hard. Ooh, yes, that feels so good inside there. Let's see how far you can go in. Don't move, baby, just don't move a muscle, just lie there and let me do the work."

"Oooooooohhhhhhhhhh!" I could not contain myself as I felt my cock gripped tightly inside Carols vagina. I could not stop my hips from responding entirely as she moved slowly up and down on my naked body, gradually arousing me to fever pitch as my cock penetrated even deeper into her.

She tossed her head in the air and moaned, "God, you feel so bloody gooood!!!"

I was immersed in an agony of pleasure Carol felt wonderful: tight, slippery and warm and I warmed to the obvious look of lust on her face.

"Mmmm, yessss!" she gasped. "S-some men, oooh, can climax very, ahh! quickly and one has to, uuugh! sometimes stop completely in order to prevent the man, ohhhh! from shooting too soon."

My head moved from side to side, my hips writhed as Carol increased the tempo of her shapely hips bouncing up and down on my cock.

"Ohhhhh!" she gasped. "Ohhhhhhhhhhh y!

"Does Tony my... Ohhh... feel good, s-sweetheart?" gasped Carol contracting her vaginal muscles around my cock for maximum effect. With another moan of pleasure, she continued moving her hips back and forth, pinning me firmly down on the bed as she slid my wonderfully hard cock in and out of her highly aroused love tunnel.

She started to come with one particularly hard down thrust. She broke her rhythm, rising quickly and coming down hard and then resting there for a half second. Thump, Thump, I could hear the bed creaking as it absorbed our weight She squeaked a little cry of joy at every thrust, and she closed her eyes, lost within her ecstasy. Her cheeks and lips were flushed.

After what seemed like a long moment of silence broken only by the sounds of heavy

breathing, Carol looked down at me. She smiled and leaned forward and again kissed me passionately on the lips. It was a long very busy night and for a long time I pushed my suspicions to the back of my mind and concentrated on making love to this lovely girl.

I left her the next morning as I returned to the office and told the professor my suspicions and what I had seen. The professor listened quietly and then dialed a number and a civilian from another department came, and went through my statement. A notice was issued that morning that the café was out of bounds. At lunchtime we discovered that Carol had been arrested.

I heard later that the Spanish Ambassador had been called and been told that two of his staff were persona non grata and had 48 hours to leave the country.

I never did see Carol again.
Chapter 6
Home | Top | Sirdar's Page |   Feedback to author


Home | Sirdar's Page « God Is On Our Side Index « Previous - Settings
Chapter 6
Posted: May 24, 2007 - 08:36:57 am
?

Time moved on and once again Christmas was fast approaching. I had recovered a little more enthusiasm for my work and I had found lodgings not to far away from the office. I steadfastly refused to consider what I would do at Christmas. But on the fateful Sunday 7th November 1941 the news broke about the attack on Pearl Harbour. The free world was stunned, however the fact that America was now in the war was a devastating blow for Hitler, and a terrific boost for British Morale.

It was two days later that I was called to see the Professor and a civilian intelligence officer who went by the title of Colonel Nene. The civilian was not at all keen on having the Professor there, but I insisted I needed him there as I trusted him.

The Colonel commended me on my actions both by capturing the Luftwaffe officer. Breaking the codes in the letters, and by discovering Carol's part in recording conversations in the café and passing them on to the enemy. Apparently there were hidden microphones under the three tables used by the MOD staff, and all conversations were recorded. Unfortunately some MOD staff did talk about their work among themselves, and inadvertently passed on vital intelligence to the enemy. Carol later admitted that she was an active member of the IRA, and came from Dundalk in the Republic of Ireland, and not Newry in Northern Ireland. I believe that she was later executed as a spy.

The Colonel then said. "However, you are displaying a level of intellect and maturity far in excess of your age, but we are still concerned that you should be supervised in your private life by an adult who can look after your physical welfare. The Professor says you want to join the Navy, but you will serve your country better by staying with us. So we would ask you to reconsider. We can apply for you to be exempt"

"We have a solution which we think will allow you to be looked after properly, and also carry out an intelligence assignment for us at the same time. You see you are still technically a junior. Now we have a proposition for you, that we would like you to consider. We have a lady, who is German born, but she is also an American citizen and she is married to a Colonel in the British Army serving in Burma. Now under normal circumstances we would either send her back to the USA, or intern her, because she still has parents and brothers in Germany.

"She has agreed to take you to live with her, and I am sure that you will be very comfortable. We don't want you searching her private possessions or anything, but just keep your eyes and ears open. She is a lovely woman and she also is my sister in law, but that apart, we still have to screen her. The decision not to extradite her or intern her has been rather controversial, but this way we can always say that we have kept her under close observation."

She has done nothing to make us consider interning her, but we have a few lingering doubts because of her family connections. We would like you to lodge with her, and at the same time you can either confirm, or allay our doubts."

I looked at the professor and he said. "Sounds OK to me and you would continue to work with us here." The Colonel said quietly. "No the estate is near Bletchley Park and we think it is better that we transfer you there, but you will be doing similar work. You are being moved up two grades so you will get a significant increase in pay, and we are also recommending you for a bravery award"

And so two days later after finishing work and after saying goodbye to all my work colleagues I packed my few remaining possessions, and I was taken to meet Lady Elizabeth Nene. I had been given basic information about her in a three hour briefing and shown photographs, but I was in for a massive shock when I arrived. The photographs did not do her justice.

My MOD car dropped me at the front door of this massive house at Himley Park which was the estate of the absent Colonel and their country home, and I waited with some trepidation for the front door to open. The door opened and I was faced with one of the most beautiful ladies I had ever met.

She stood there looking at me for about thirty seconds and then she said "Yes:"

I came to myself with a start as I gazed at this lovely apparition that had opened the door for me. She was not at all what I had been expecting, and had left me a little speechless.

"I presume that you are Alan, if so please do come in."

She said a trifle impatiently. "Don't stand there like a love struck teenager."

She stepped aside and opened the door fully. I did not hesitate, but entered quickly, very aware of the blackout regulations, as I gazed at my future landlady. I thought I had better check that I was in the right place and talking to the right person.

"I presume that I am talking to Lady Elizabeth Nene?" I asked quietly.

"Yes dear boy you are." She replied as I followed her into a large well lit, well furnished lounge.

A coal fire burned in the large fireplace and their was soft music playing in the background.

"I only had a small suitcase with my very few possessions in it.

"It is nice to meet you Alan. I will take you to your room and you can have a shower and change."

"I am afraid that I have nothing much to change into." I told her.

"We were bombed out and I lost all my clothes I have been given some extra clothing coupons, but have had little time or money to purchase new clothing."

"Yes I know, and I am truly sorry for your loss. Well shower anyway, and I will find you something you can change into, and I will drop them on your bed and then I will see you downstairs."

After the shower I went back into the bedroom, and all I saw was a large fluffy bath towel on the bed, and the lovely Lady Elizabeth still there standing by the window in the shadow watching me...

"A large part of the house is closed down for the war period and my husbands clothes are all packed away, so you will have to manage with the towel tonight. Go on, I wont peep much, and I warn you I lie" she gave a little laugh."

She gave a rather salacious laugh "Anyway if a woman wants to interrogate a man, the first thing is to get their pants off you have them at a psychological disadvantage. I must admit that you are not what I expected, and I do intend to interrogate you."

I blushed, but I dried off without exposing too much of me and tucking the towel round my waist, I followed her downstairs to join her in the lounge. I had naturally assumed that when the Colonel had given me this assignment that my landlady would in all probability be an older woman. I must admit I had a funny feeling of anticipation when I gazed at this beautiful lady.

Her black satin robe was partly open, showing clearly the black nightdress of the same material underneath, both of which contrasted wonderfully with her dirty blonde page boy cut hair. I noticed that she had lovely blue eyes that I guessed could on occasion look like splinters of ice to anyone who crossed her...

She was not wearing any make-up, and in this setting and this environment I was already beginning to think that this assignment may well be beyond me. I was being really affected by her, as I sat waiting for her to speak.

"Are you shy Alan/"

"I don't think so my Lady."

"Call me Elizabeth Alan please, or Liz I don't really mind..."

"I live here on my own and I have two young ladies who are daily helps and come in every day. My husband is in the Army in Burma and I spend most of my time helping in local charities."

"I must admit that I am a bit shy at all of a sudden having a handsome young man in my house, and I must admit that when I heard of your tragedy, and the fact that you do such an important job, I volunteered to have you come and live here. You see I wanted to meet this teenage hero."

"I am only seventeen." I replied shyly.

"But you do a really important job so I am told, and you recently captured a German airman."

That is why I was approached, because they felt that you needed a responsible adult to help you until you are a bit older, which is a bit of a laugh as I am only five years older than you."

She shifted her position on her chair and her robe her robe slipped open and subtly displayed her smooth, shapely legs. The neckline of her gown was disconcertingly low, and contrasted strikingly with her milk white bosom. I realized I was staring, and jerked my eyes up to her face. She saw my confusion, and smiled again.

"It is all right," she said quietly "I want you to feel comfortable here. You might as well get used to me now."

"I'm sorry, I didn't mean to stare," I stammered, trying to cover my embarrassment.

"It really is all right," she assured me "I like men to look at me. Don't worry, if looking at me helps you relax and feel comfortable, be my guest. "I have not had an eligible man look at me for months now and I am going to enjoy it.

She gave a low musical laugh and moved over to sit next to me on the settee. I could feel myself blushing as erotic thoughts ran through my mind, and my cock became erect under my covering towel... She gave a low laugh and placed her right hand on my thigh.

"Alan I dressed like this especially for you tonight. I enjoy having men look at me. I like to see their reaction. I especially wanted to see yours, if you are going to be living here with me."

"I was very conscious of the hand that was now resting on my thigh and I saw that she was gazing steadily into my eyes as she said.

"And I expect that you would like to look at my breasts wouldn't you?"

Boldly I replied. Liz I think you are trying to seduce me, and if you really are, I will admit I would." I replied.

"Of course you would" she repeated with mock coyness.

"I can tell, with that reply that although you may only be seventeen, you do not lack experience," she went on as her cool fingers started boldly fingering my erection.

"But Alan I believe that you are already turned on without looking at my boobs."

My eyes dropped to her lap in response to the implicit suggestion.

"Are you trying to see if I have any panties on?" she teased.

I could feel myself blushing."" Yes I did wonder." I responded feeling a surge of confidence flow into me.

"Well I don't. So now aren't you at all worried that I may be trying to seduce you Alan and trying to take advantage of you? After all, the lights are dim; the room is warm and cozy. I have you all alone with no one to see what I am doing to you. I could caress you and you might become hopelessly aroused?"

I gave a little cynical laugh.

"You know Liz that I am hopelessly aroused, and I don't mind you taking advantage of me unless of course you are just teasing?" I replied. I could feel her hand slowly caressing my cock. Her actions were begging the question.

I said. You are a beautiful woman, you have me aroused, but I can not imagine for a minute why you would want to make love with me a mere teenager.

"Here Alan lets get more comfortable, and I am not teasing. I know a lot about you. You are young fit and everyone speaks well of you. You are an answer to a frustrated maidens prayer."

She pulled my arm round her shoulders and laid her head on mine, her hair tickling my bare skin. Her hand was almost bringing me to shooting my load.

"Are you afraid then that I might make you have sex with me against your will?"

"No" I answered" I am more worried that you might not want to have sex with me after getting this far." She slid her hand up to my waist and pulled the towel free. She smiled as she dropped her hand once more to my cock.

."Ok, so all I have to do is take you to bed with me. I promise I'll make you enjoy it so much, that after a while, you will never want to leave this house Alan. But if we go to my bed tonight, you are committing yourself to me for the immediate future. I am not into one night love affairs. You must promise that you will not walk out on me in the morning. You will become my full time live in lover as long as you are here and you do not talk about it to anyone. Is it a deal?"

I could only give one answer in view of the task that had been assigned me.

"The answer is yes Elizabeth, I am really enchanted by you, but you are already married!"

"Yes Alan, but my husband is in Burma, he is posted missing and the chances are that he may never come home, or if he does, what then? I am not much older than you, and now I need a man in my life. I want sex. I want some sort of affection. I want someone to love me. I am not a prude. I know we have only just met, but I have already taken to you."

I nodded, as I gazed at this lovely creature. Then she said.

"I want you to become my passionate live in lover. You have what I need, and soon I know that you will need what I have, what I can give you. A home and affection and stability and good sex."

Not waiting for my response she leaned forward and planted those luscious lips on mine. The coolness of her satin robe pressing against my bare skin, and the way she was keeping hold of my cock plus the way she kissed was enough.

She stood up and let her robe slip to the floor, followed quickly by her nightdress. She stood in front of me, and pulled my face down and in to her vagina... I knew exactly what to do and she came quickly and filled my mouth with her cum. I licked every drop, but I didn't stop! I did not want to stop as I brought her to a second and a third orgasm. I looked up and she had closed her eyes and was letting the waves of pleasure flood over her.

At last her breathing returned to normal and she pushed me back on the couch, and moved to straddle my hips. She took my face in her hands and kissed me again, and then she said. I am a passionate woman and I have a passionate woman's needs." As she spoke she guided my cock between her vaginal lips.

She was an expert and the flexing of her lower abdominal muscles, was mind blowing

Then she whispered "Just lie back, my darling, and feel my pussy close around your cock. Feel it riding up and down your cock, taking you deeper and deeper into me each time. From now on, you will sleep with no other woman — you are mine. I will manage your sex life, and you will love the way I fuck you. My pussy goes up... and down... up.and down... deeper and deeper.

Close your eyes and let me fuck you... fuck you..."

Suddenly I felt myself cumming in long surging bursts "Now, my precious! Now!" I found that I came at her command, and her own orgasm enveloping and absorbing my cum. Only when she felt me slow down did she allow a her own fourth climax to wash over her. I don't now how I got to bed that night, but I did, and I awoke in the early morning to Elisabeth's luscious naked body enveloping mine, as once again she demanded my attention.

I was glad that I was free on the Saturday and Sunday which was the following two days and Elizabeth soon had me completely under her spell. During those two days she produced a whole range of nearly new clothes for me to wear, the quality of which I could never afford myself, and I guessed rightly that they belonged to her absent husband.

Liz and I quickly became inseparable. Sunday was a lovely early spring sunny day and she produced two bicycles and we rode through the estate to a large lake, where we had a picnic and made love, without the fear of anyone catching us. The sun was shining and we lay naked on a blanket and made love time after time. We went home and after an early dinner we again went to bed.

The two domestic staff was two quite attractive young married ladies, and Liz made no attempt to hide our relationship from them. By Monday morning our ardor had cooled a little, and in a sense I was relieved to report to Bletchley Park. Liz was looking after me really well and refused to take any rent off me. When I persisted in asking she replied.

"Put it this way darling boy, you are working your passage in my bed. It's so good I ought to be paying you" She would not listen to my protests so I reluctantly had to agree. I must admit that our life together was very sexually active, but I was not complaining.

My first day at my new job was May 10th. I knew but of course no-one else knew at this time, that this was an important day in the war. It was a day which would certainly help to turn the war in our direction. Today was the day when U110 was forced to the surface by some convoy escorts and boarded by seaman from HMS Bulldog. They captured the famous Enigma machine and stacks of secret papers.

The U Boat was taken in tow but sank on the way back to the UK. This news would break in Bletchley Park but would not become common knowledge until after the war. Within a short period of time the people at Bletchley Park would be able to read the German Coded messages with ease, and direct convoys away from the U Boat wolf packs.

The fact the we were able to warn convoys about German movements, and numbers of U Boats in an area meant that many lives were saved. The Germans on their part never found out about the capture and just assumed that we had got a lot more canny in defending our convoys.

Bletchley Park was a big disappointment to me. I was treated very much like a junior and during the first few days spent a lot of time running senseless errands and carrying bits of paper around. When I protested, I was told quite bluntly I was doing what juniors do. I met Heidi again, and it was only after she intervened on my behalf, and told them what I had previously accomplished that I was taken much more seriously, and given more responsible work in monitoring German wartime broadcasts.

Heidi lived on the site and we went to her room and spent some time holding each other and kissing. I fondled her breasts and I could tell that Heidi was anxious for us to make love. I was glad to see her again and I owed her a lot for what she had done for me. I felt very guilty at cheating on Liz bur as usual Heidi had the knack of making me feel very relaxed and very horny.

"I know its crazy Toni darling but I think I am in love with you. I've missed you so much" She said. As she spoke she was straddling me positioning herself in her favourite position. So my cock was just pressing against the opening to her love tunnel and I felt her soft fingers fumble around my cock. I gasped as she rubbed its sensitive head against her moist slit.

"OOOoooohhhhh!" I moaned as I felt the intense sensation of my hard cock being inserted into her warm, tight, love tunnel. Heidi smiled down at me as she wriggled her shapely hips from side to side, inexorably sliding my cock deeper and deeper into her. Love tunnel. Gradually letting the weight of her body do the work. I lay back watching her beautiful firm breasts with bullet hard nipples ripple slightly in time with her movement. I knew what she liked so I reached up and started fondling them gently. Her eyes closed and she shuddered. "Oh, yes-s-s, darling, this is nice. Better than I remembered. Lie still darling let me do the work, just lie there and let it happen."

Heidi tossed her head her beautiful long blonde hair, letting it fly erotically round her face. She moaned "Oh darling it feels fantastic" For my part once again I was immersed in an agony of pleasure. Heidi was creating all sorts of sensations as she rode me, she felt fantastic, and she was so tight, warm and slippery. My head moved from side to side, as I tried to match her movements thrusting my hips upwards into her, as she increased the tempo of her hips bouncing up and down on my cock.

"Ohhhhh!" she gasped. "Ohhhhhhhhhhh

I felt Heidi begin to tremble as she started to come. She gave one particularly hard thrust of her hips as she stopped pressing her body against me to get the maximum penetration as she ground her hips against me. Trying if possible to get me even deeper inside her. We were coming together in a grand passion as we ground our bodies against one another. In an agony of passion.

She flopped don on top of me her blonde hair floating across my face, her breathing hard and erratic; her lips just touching my throat, and her hot breath on my face, as she lay on my shoulder recovering her breath. I was till inside her and I could feel her still twitching slightly around my cock. We

made love again and it was almost two hours later when Heidi decided that she should shower and dress she bent over and kissed me on the lips and I made my way back to Liz.
Chapter 7
Home | Top | Sirdar's Page |   Feedback to author


Home | Sirdar's Page « God Is On Our Side Index « Previous - Settings
Chapter 7
Posted: May 24, 2007 - 08:36:57 am
?

I could not possible avoid contact with the two cleaning ladies that worked for Liz and just occasionally, Liz would go away for the off day or night with work for her charities. Meanwhile I was still having occasional sex with Heidi when the opportunity arose.

One night I got home, and found a note from Liz that she had to go up to town for a Red Cross Meeting and that she arranged with Zoe to make my dinner. I had met Zoe several times before and she was a bright young girl in her early twenties, slim, dirty blonde hair cut in the popular page boy style with a broad cockney accent, and who like her work colleague was married to a serving RAF man. He was an aircraft fitter so she told me, and as I ate she sat with me and we chatted. She was very bright and was very good company. She seemed to be in no hurry to get home, and so after she had washed up, I invited her for to stay for a drink.

We sat and talked and after a couple of drinks we sort of gravitated together. I am not quite sure what happened, but to the best of my recollection she made the first move. Her eyes were full of lust as she reached for me and she literally threw her arms round my neck and attacked my mouth with her lovely full lips. Soon we were both naked and somehow I thought she looked much younger than when she was dressed. Without her clothes Zoë's breasts looked quite small and firm, each breast had a firm tiny nipple which was very kissable.

She leaned down for my cock as I lay back on the couch enjoying the warmth of her sucking A moan forced its way from my mouth as her mouth bobbed up and down the length of my cock. "It's the biggest one I've ever seen and I've seen a few." she said between licking my cock and fondling my balls."

My cock grew in her mouth. And realising that I was on the point of cumming she stopped

"Not just yet, Alan. Not just yet!" She smiled when she realized that I was leading her to her ladyship's bed. I lay her back gently on top of the counterpane and stretched out next to her. My cock, still wet with her saliva, throbbed gently against her thigh as our lips met again. Her tongue crammed itself insistently into my mouth. My finger trailed down her flat, firm belly, blazing a trail through her thick brush of pubic hair.

I quickly found her clitoris, and soon I had her moaning loudly into my mouth. I plunged first one finger, then two, deep into her pussy. Her secretions dribbled out of her, down the crack of her ass to form a mess on the counterpane...

Her moans got louder as I took a tiny nipple into my mouth and sucked on it. I greedily licked and nibbled it gently. I moved, kissing my way down her smooth, belly. "Oh-h-h Go-o-od!" she cried as my tongue licked her sexy, navel. She was nearly out of her mind as my nose led my tongue through her tangled mass of pubic hair searching for her clitoris A low scream came from her throat as I gave it all the loving I could.

She grabbed my head with both hands, forcing my nose into her cunt. My tongue worked overtime. She bounced her hips insanely. Her head whipped back and forth as moans came from her mouth. Her juices flowed out of her cunt wetting my face and which I did my best to swallow. "Oh, God, oh God, Alan," she cried. "Fuck me, Give me your cock! I need it! I need it bad!!"

That was all the invitation I needed. Her juices dripped off my chin as I quickly mounted her. I grabbed her thighs, spread them as wide as they'd go, and pushed gently into her all the way as far as I could go. She sucked in her breath but she quickly regained her composure and locked her ankles behind my buttocks, drawing me further into her. I fucked her at a furious pace.

She moaned loudly as she had orgasm after orgasm again and again. Her cunt leaked copious amounts of her love juice, then I came in a furious spending as I pumped load after load of my juices into her.

Suddenly, it was all over. I jammed my cock into her as far as I could. I felt another orgasm arrive as my cock expanded painfully. Joyful spasms of intensely painful pleasure broke over me.

Zoe and I lay there for a long time as we recovered our breath. Suddenly we heard the crunch of tires on the gravel outside and Zoe jumped up and said "It's her ladyship." Fortunately Liz took her time paying off the taxi, and I feigned sleep while Zoe threw a fresh counterpane on the bed and opened the window to get the smells out of the room.

I dashed to the shower and when Liz arrived I was rubbing myself down with a fluffy towel. She kissed me passionately. "I could not stop away from you darling. I will have to go back in the morning for the rest of the conference."

After she had recovered her breath she said "Darling I feel more married to you that I was to my wedded husband. So I have bought you a ring to seal our union, and as a thank you for all the happiness you are giving me." It was a wonderful ring, it was a quite wide gold ring and engraved inside were the words. "A gift to my loving partner with love. Liz" It fitted perfectly on my third finger of my left hand.

"How did you manage that?" I asked her.

"When you were asleep a week ago I measured your finger with a piece of ribbon."

I was almost choked with her display of affection, and at that moment I resolved that there was no other woman for me in my life. I felt so guilty at having affairs with other women and cheating on this wonderful lady.

The next few weeks passed quickly Liz and I grew closer and for me on-one existed outside our union. Heidi was not very pleased, but she accepted my explanation and having met Liz and me together, she was resigned to the fact that we had something special going for us.

My Birthday rolled round very quickly and I had the day free. The sun was shining and so once again we got on our bicycles and with a picnic basket we set off for our favourite spot by the lake. It was a wonderful eighteenth birthday, and we made love time after time, there was a cool breeze across the lake and once again Liz had somehow managed to procure a feast from somewhere with a small iced cake for my birthday.We were just packing up when there was a roar of aircraft engines and I briefly heard a burst of machine gun fire.

I don't know how much longer it was when I woke up. I was in a hospital ward and somehow I know that I was back in the year 2000. I heard a soft female voice say. "Welcome back to the land of the living Tony." I opened my eyes and I saw a very lovely looking nurse looking down at me. In some way, she looked slightly familiar, and then as I looked down I saw a charming looking elderly lady holding my hand.

She gave me a kindly smile which lit up her face, immediately I recognised her. The years had not diminished her beauty, but like a good wine Liz had matured over the years.

"She whispered Alan." I just nodded, as I felt a needle in my arm and I slipped away into a long peaceful sleep. I flitted in and out of consciousness for the next two or three days. Then one day I woke up feeling much stronger. For a while I wondered whether it had all been a dream, but as I looked down at my hand, there was the ring that Liz had given me.

The lovely nurse was there and she introduced herself as Donna. She said "My Grandma has been sitting by your bed and looking after you for the past week. I don't want you to upset her, but she thinks that you are her lost love who was killed by a bullet from an aircraft back in 1942. However the real facts are that you were knocked down by a drunken driver, and with luck you should soon be able to leave hospital."

I said nothing, but the feeling began to find a way into my consciousness that something incredible had happened to me, something that defied explanation, and now I wondered how I was going to handle it.

I did not see Liz for a couple of days, and I learned that Donna had deliberately forbidden her Grandmother to see me until my recovery was more assured.

But love will always find a way and so Liz did eventually manage to visit me. She sat by the bed and she looked at me and said

"How did you get that ring?"

I had already thought through how I should handle this so I said.

"It was given to me by an incredibly beautiful lady called Liz who was the love of my life. But it was in another life and now I believe I see that Lady sitting by my bed."

I took off the ring and gave it to her. She put some spectacles on and looked very carefully at the inscription.

"Yes, this is definitely the ring that I gave to my lover I knew as Alan"

I nodded and I took her into my arms.

"Yes Liz darling it was me, and I am not quite sure what happened to us, but I will try and explain."

I talked for a long time, and Liz asked me a lot of very personal questions which only Alan could have answered.

It was a very angry Nurse Donna who tried to break our conversation up.

Liz said. "Don't be impudent girl. I want you to meet your Grandpa, so show him some respect."

It took a long time to convince a very skeptical Donna of what we had discovered. The next day she brought her mother (my daughter) in to meet me and when I was discharged Liz insisted that I go back to live with her during my recovery.My daughter Cindy was a doctor and she was there to oversee my recovery together with Donna.

We eventually concluded that God had sent me back in time for a specific purpose and apparently unknown to me at the time, some of the work I had been doing at Bletchley Park and the input I managed to make to understanding the new enigma machine went a long way to winning the war. I did agree that we should have DNA tests and while they conclusively proved that Liz was Cindy's mother, my DNA as Tony did not appear in any of the tests.

Some of my acquaintances at Bletchley Park were still alive. Many of the European women had gone back to their own countries after the war. Heidi was still alive although now she was quite old and had remarried. The professor had been knighted for his work and I did learn that I had been awarded a posthumous honour for my contribution to the war effort.

I spent the next two years with Liz and her family, and before she died Liz did insist that I visited my own grave and we put flowers on my grave. It was all very confusing, but as Liz said one day. The Lord works in a mysterious way, so perhaps it does prove that "God was on our side" after all?"

I became an integral part of the family and Donna and I eventually married with Liz's approval, and had two children a boy and a girl. My love for Liz never waned, and it was a sad day for all of us when she passed away. In the days after the funeral as we went through her possessions I was able to identify a lot of them and tell the girls much more than their grandmother had done about where they had come from.

As we sat round one night at a family get together Cindy with her irrepressible humour suddenly said

No-one would ever believe that my Son in Law is my father and his children are my Great Grandchildren would they? I said well no-one would believe that my Mother in Law is my daughter and my wife is my Granddaughter. But who cares we are not going to talk about it are we?
Your opinion is important:
Share with the others what you think about
"God Is On Our Side"
     
Switch to Expanded voting form
The End
Posted: 2007-05-24
Home | Top | Sirdar's Page |   Feedback to author
