Online Dating Game
byyourawful©

Online Dating Game: Sister vs. Brother

This story is entirely fictional. The places, characters and events depicted in this story are not meant to have any resemblance to any real places, people or events and any such similarity is purely coincidental. Before you ask me, I've never done internet dating. I was contemplating internet dating when my research on the subject inspired me to create this story and the characters. Please forgive any spelling or other grammatical errors, I'm not good at editing my porn writing. Thank you to Literotica for putting my story up on their site.

I enjoy teasing stories with an intense build up that helps to make the characters' actions seem more realistic. The reader has to earn the physical aspects. Thus making the story, hopefully, more erotic. If you are looking for a quick slam, bam thank you sis story, you won't like this tale. This story is long and detailed. If you finish the journey, let me know if you enjoyed it.

Why do people cross societal lines of behavior? That's what interest me about this topic. Why people might cross it. Is it love or the excitement of the taboo or a perversion or loneliness or good old fashion need for sex or simply opportunity? Would you fuck your gorgeous sister if you had the chance?

*

It's funny how life can hit you. Wreck you just when you think things are going well. Even when you try to be a good person and do the right thing.

My bitterness was inspired by my recent dumping by my now ex-girlfriend. I had sworn off picking up women in bars. I use to be a big time player and rarely went home without at least a couple of phone numbers from a club. Club rats were no longer my thing. So I started looking for a different kind of women, elsewhere.

I met my ex on a singles hike in the California mountains. She was a fellow lawyer and it seemed so meant to be.

Laura, my ex, was not perfect. After I slept with her on the 2nd date, I thought about dumping her because she had big butt. My ex was very attractive but sizeable asses are a huge turn off for me. I decided to overlook her imperfection.

At 37, I determined that I needed to grow up and judge women less on their physical features. Physical perfection doesn't last anyway, I reminded myself. Laura was sweet, fun, sexy and seemed so into me that I thought she'd never hurt me. What a wussy I was.

Unlike my usual bad boy ways, I tried to treat her with class, respect and give her attention. Plus, I was too honest with her. I told her I wasn't wealthy and couldn't help her career.

Of course, I got dumped. I got too needy and available. And not rich enough. It was the first time I had ever been dumped. I've been rejected many times at clubs, coffee houses, etc. but this was first time a woman I slept with said, "Get Lost." I'm usually the one doing that.

Karma. Pay back is a bitch.

Women want a challenge. After 10 emails and a few phone calls, I knew she wasn't coming back. Finally, I learned getting dumped stinks. The summer in this part of CA was ending and soon it'd be winter. Just when you need a cuddle buddy most.

A month later I was walking into my parents' house for a family dinner feeling lonely and sorry for myself. Last night, I found out through a friend that my ex was doing internet dating. It hit me like a brick. She had told me she was too busy to date anyone right now. I knew it was a lie. If a woman wants you, she will always make time in her life for you. Of course, I looked up her profile on the dating site and cursed the cunt out.

I didn't miss her so much as I didn't want to have to get back out there dating again. I was all dated out. I hate dating!

As I opened the door my sister, Maggie, was playing with our nieces and nephews. Maggie was gorgeous at 32. My sister looked like she was 25 with dark shoulder length hair, thin, small breast, cute butt, very femine and 5"7' tall. Maggie worked out 3-4 days a week so she wasn't just thin but very toned. She was wearing an off the shoulder summer dress that showed off her exquisite collar bones and shoulders. So thin, delicate and sexy. My sister looked more Irish while I looked more German.

I'm Greg, the brother btw. My older sister is named Stephanie. She's 38 looks 28 and exactly like Maggie. Stephanie is married with 3 children.

Maggie was so my type if she wasn't my sister. I love shoulders and collar bones like that. I wonder if my sisters had anything to do with that? No. That's so sick.

Maggie was a nurse at a hospital. To her patients and their families she was kind and caring. She loved children and was desperate to start a family.

The only problem is...She is a total bitch. To everyone who wasn't a child, sick child or parents of a sick child, and maybe a few fellow nurses, she treated like garbage. She thought she knew more than any of the doctors. Especially the interns. When they gave her orders she simply ignored them. She called interns the "idiots" or "007s". My sister did begrudgingly follow the orders of the attendees who she consulted with when any intern gave her directions.

Worse of all, my sister, Maggie, knew she was totally hot and that every guy she met wanted to fuck her. I couldn't wait for her to start losing her looks. Unfortunately, she still didn't have a wrinkle and continued to be drop dead beautiful.

Put it this way. My sister was a gorgeous nurse in a hospital full of doctors yet she was still single. Bitch. Enough said.

My sister had broken up with her live in doctor boyfriend of nearly 5 years about 2 months ago. Being a divorce lawyer, I told her that people who live together before marriage have a higher rate of divorce than those who don't. And that's only if they get married. Which most live in couples don't. Plus, my sister's ex boyfriend had already been divorced. Divorced people's 2nd marriage only has a 23% chance of working out compared to a 1st marriage which has a 57% chance of going the distance.

My sister didn't listen to me. She never listened to anyone. Maggie was good at 3 things. Her job, being a bitch and playing guys. So when I told her if you want to get married do not live with the guy...She ignored me. When I told her 2 then 3 and then 4 years were way too long to live with someone without a ring. She ignored me.

Her ex was an egotistical surgeon. But I've learned that's the kind of guy high quality women go for. Women are so clueless.

Don't get me wrong, I've take advantage of this flaw in woman many times. After all I'm an egotistical attorney. I'm a good talker so I've talked my way into women's panties many times. So much so that I'm still single in my 30s because I was having way too good of a time. Now when I want to settle down, I can't find anyone who seems to be worth the effort.

We sat around the dinner table as the discussion as usual filtered to Maggie and I being still single. My sister looked at me and rolled her eyes as she quietly whispered, "Here we go again. At least you got dumped too. And You're older."

Being the jerk I am, "Yeah, but I can have kids at any age." My sister shot me a vicious look. My sister slammed her fist down on my leg underneath the table. Maggie, "Jerk. I know 50 ways to kill you. And they all make it look like an accident."

"Go for it. Just don't tell me I have to date anymore," I laughed. My sister reached and grabbed a fork and playfully pointed it at me. I reached over, underneath the table and grabbed her leg. My hand was slightly above her knee, just at the edge of her dress. I began slowly stroking the top of her leg. I meant to only touch her for a second but the warmth of her flesh entranced me.

I slowly moved my hand back forth over the side and top of her leg.

Maggie quietly, "I know what you mean. I can't bring myself to date again. My trust in men is shot! 5 years of promises and nothing to show for it. But years lost. I could have had a ton of guys that would have married me. You were right about living with him."

My hand stopped and I patted her leg gently and then placed my hand on her knee. My fingers caressed her naked skin slightly above her knee at the beginning of her inner thigh.

I smiled, "I hate being so smart. Don't feel bad. I knew Laura was about to dump me. I was being too nice. So what did I do. But try to be nicer. Dumb."

My fingers continued to massage her inner thigh as my hand stood still. Then my hand moved up a little further. It seemed like I was no longer controlling it. I barely grazed her dress and then stopped. This time my fingers and most of my hand were on my sister's inner thigh.

Maggie, "Nice guys. Nice people finish last. I took so much shit from Doctor dickless that I'd never tolerate from anyone else. I thought we were going to have a family together. Instead, I get dumped and he's dating some 24 year old, dumb as rocks, intern. Lovely. I'm 32 now. I'm old."

My hand continued rub my sister's inner thigh up and down. Continuously caressing, stroking her soft flesh. At times pushing with my fingers. At others with my palm and finally lightly touching her with only my finger tips.

I laughed, "You're not old. You look like you're 25. Plus, that'd make me old. And I'm definitely not old."

My hand touched the hem of her dress and stopped. But this time I angled my hand so that it moved from partly on the top of her leg to her inner thigh. My hand moved forward as the tips and then my complete digits slipped under my sister's hem. The knuckles of the back of my hand grazed Maggie's dress fabric. My fingers were completely under her dress but I stopped short of moving the rest of my hand, my palm, underneath my sister's dress.

I softly rubbed her thigh. Back and forth my fingers playing with her yield, warm flesh. The whole time looking at my sister talking to me. Watching out so that no one else noticed. My mom and dad and my other sister would kill me for doing this. But it felt so good to be touching a woman. My caressing, massaging my sister's inner thigh didn't even feel sexual until...

"Like you said guys have it easier," Maggie added. Then she stopped talking. My sister looked down at the table as I massaged her inner thigh. My sister didn't look back. My sister closed her eyes. She sat there for several seconds with her eyes closed as I continued to rub her thigh under her dress.

Back and forth. Up and down feeling her intimate flesh that led to her genitals. I stared at her the whole time. Suddenly, I was terrified at what I was doing.

Then my sister took a breath and opened her eyes. Her hand moved from the table downward. My sister grabbed my wrist tightly. My hand froze in place on her thigh. My sister has strong hands. I used to tease her calling them man hands. She pulled my hand out from under her dress as my fingers lightly scrapped her inner thigh and then her leg on their way out from under her dress. My sister placed my hands on my own leg and then let go.

My sister looked around the dinning room table to check if anyone had observed her bad brother. My sister shook her head. Wanting to distract her, I said as normally as I could, "Women have it so much easier. A girl like you can get anyone you want." I was afraid she was about to tell everyone at the table that I was rubbing her leg. Her inner thigh.

"Women can get laid anytime they want. They can't find a real relationship that easily. You can't trust guys. They lie so much about what they really want," Maggie explained. My heart was beating like a drum. I wasn't sure if there was a subtext to her comments or not. But I knew what she said was true. I laughed as the tension released.

"Please, cry me a river. You've got it so easy. You select. If I want sex, I have to go out there and work for it," I replied.

"Yes, but a relationship is different," Maggie whined about the hardship of a gorgeous women.

"Problem is that women want smooth talk and guys who treat them badly. Once you are no longer a challenge. Once they know they've got you. See ya. Especially women in their 30s. There is a reason they're still single," I told bitterly.

"Not true of all women in their 30s. But some. I get hit on all the time. It's such a hassle. They're all so lame. How can you judge which guy is not just after a quick roll in the sack. It's not easy. I've made bad decisions," Maggie shockingly admitted. "I was a sex toy for the doctor. Arm candy. That's all. I realize that now. I thought it was more. He was busy with playing God so that's all he really wanted."

I frowned, "Well, I need to find some arm candy that appreciates being treated right. I just don't have the energy to be a jerk anymore."

My mom interrupted are soft spoken discussion, "Have either of you tried internet dating?"

Maggie dignified, "Mom, that's so tacky."

Our mom continued, "There's no stigma anymore. Doctor Tom recommends it on his tv show. You just have to make sure to meet in a public place. It gives you a chance to meet people who you normally wouldn't encounter."

Maggie and I in unison, "I'm not doing internet dating."

After dinner, I walked over and sat next to Maggie who was holding one of my nieces in her arms. Maggie looked so picture perfect. A mother and her child. But that wasn't the case here. She was an Aunt who seemed to be longing to be a mom. Her job must really torment her. I knew Maggie wanted to be a mother more than anything in the world.

I softly touched my nephew's head back. I looked up at Maggie who was smiling contentedly but longingly. I softly told her about my ex, "Laura is doing internet dating. A friend told me. I checked out her profile. Active within 24 hours. Lying bitch." I paused for a minute and then looked at Maggie, "I'm thinking of doing it."

"Internet dating? Are you serious? Are things that bad?" Maggie asked.

"I could go to bars but that's gotten me nowhere. I'm good at picking up women but the wrong kind. Plus, I'm getting old," I smiled bitterly.

"You're only in your mid 30s. Internet dating is too weird," Maggie reasoned.

"We should do it together," I replied.

"What?" Maggie voiced.

"Internet dating. We should both sign up. Whoever finds their soul mate first wins! Come on, it'll be fun. At worse we'll get a couple of laughs. It's not like if we meet someone in real life we can't go out with them. There is nothing to lose," I explained.

"For you. I'm worried about getting raped and killed," Maggie admonished. Even her own brother was caressing her thigh at the dinner table what would a normal guy do to get her naked!

"Like mom said, meet in a public place and it'll be fine. Starbucks, Barnes and Noble. Restaurant. Etc.," I tried to convince her. For some reason if Maggie did internet dating, it would be less weird than me doing it alone.

"Alright. Why not? I have no one to go out with these days anyway. All my friends are married," Maggie decided.

"Same here. That's why you don't want to be the last person in your group single," I knew. "I'll swing by your place Thursday and we can put together our profiles. For moral support."

"Sounds good," Maggie relented. The baby stirred in her arms and she patted his back softly. "If I get killed, I'm coming back to haunt you."

I reached over because I knew I could. After all she couldn't drop the baby. Plus I felt that it would make it less weird about before, if I touched her now. I placed my hand on her knee with my fingers on her inner thigh. I squeezed gently and then let go. Immediately, I started to stand. My sister's eyes flashed for a second but then followed me up.

"Don't be so melodramatic. You'll be fine. If anything does happen, I promise to cry at your funeral." I thought to myself, "God, my sister has nice legs."

Thursday

I brought my laptop over to Maggie's new town house. Maggie answered the door dressed in a pair of white shorts and a white t-shirt. I could tell from her perky nipples and wet hair she had just gotten out of the shower.

Maggie rushed, "I just got back from gym. I needed to take a shower."

"Your internet beaus will be glad to know that you're keeping in shape for them," I teased.

Night before, I had spent about 2 plus hours writing what I considered a perfect profile. I showed it to Maggie who said she thought it was good.

I asked her if she had written anything. Maggie said she'd write her profile off the cuff.

My sister sat on the other side of the table from me. We both seemed perfectly normal but I couldn't help but notice that she kept out of arm reach. I guess she's had a lot of practice fighting off guys. I had promised myself to behave. Not to even touch her though I still didn't think anything I had done was really sexual. But when I thought about her gorgeous legs and the fact that my hand had been under Maggie's dress...I was a little embarrassed and confused.

We both logged onto the site and started filling out the questions. I had been agonizing over a screen name and finally decided on my last name plus the numbers at the end. Maggie did the same. I accidentally pressed my leg against my sister's. I left my leg there so my calf was snuggled up against Maggie's leg for the whole time we filled out the questions.

I was half way through when Maggie got up and went to the fridge for a bottle of water.

"Are you done?" I asked her incredulously.

"Yeah, it's not difficult," Maggie said lazily.

I looked at her profile. Her introduction was one short paragraph saying how she was sweet, smart, etc. And then one sentence on what she was looking for in a guy. My sister uploaded only one photo of herself. In the photo my sister looked cute but not nearly as hot as she could look. You couldn't even tell how good a body she had. Plus, she had this Mona Lisa smile/sneer.

I thought her profile stunk. So I simply snorted and said, "Do you want to tell more about yourself? There's not much there. Maybe, another couple of photos. Administrative Assistant. You're a nurse."

My sister yawned, "It's all there. Athletic/toned. Definitely wants children. What I'm like and what I'm looking for. I don't want guys to know I'm a nurse. I'll tell the right guy. He won't care. It's good enough."

I went back to work on my profile. It was a work of art. Heartfelt, funny and long. I answered all the extra questions in detail. My profile used up every available space. I knew that any woman that read it would instantly want to meet me.

After all I was an attorney, successful (I made sure I put my income down while my sister didn't), attractive, borderline very attractive. Also I put up 10 photos of me. In a suit, hanging out having fun, on the beach shirt less (I have a great body).

How could a woman not want me I thought. It's like shooting fish in a barrel.

I said, "Why don't I swing by Sunday and we can check in on each other. Maybe get lunch."

"I'll cook. I love to cook for someone else. I put it in my profile," Maggie grinned. I just hoped someone would respond to her profile. I thought to myself. There are some desperate guys out there, right?

Sunday

My sister answered the door. Immediately, she busted out laughing, "41 emails. Almost all of them from losers. Don't they read my profile and what I'm looking for section. A couple have possibilities. How did you do?"

I told her, "I haven't checked yet. Let's see." I checked my profile. I thought it was a mistake. 4 messages. 2 from some huge women. 1 from a women in Russia. And 1 from some very average looking chick.

"4 messages. You got 40 messages. And I got 4," I said nastily.

My sister started to dance around the kitchen laughing as she finished making lunch.

"That's ridiculous. I looked at how many women had viewed my profile. 23 views. Maggie's profile had been viewed 356 times. What the fuck???? I had my sister look up my profile and then send me an email to make sure it was working correctly. It was. 


My snotty, obnoxious, priss sister enjoyed every second of it. She continuously laughing ego maniacally. While singing teasingly, "I'm cuter. I'm smarter. Everyone wants me. No one wants you except Russian hookers and fat chicks. I'm beautiful. 41 emails to 4. I win. I win. LOSER!"

"You haven't met anyone yet. No soul mate. I don't get it. What the fuck? I'd totally date me if I was a chick. I'm a freaking lawyer. I make good money. I'm cute. There is something seriously fucked up about this!"

"I haven't heard you curse this much since you lost that bet and said I cheated. Which I didn't. You're just a loser!" my sister started chanting loser again. Then she really hit me below the belt, "I bet Laura is getting plenty of emails."

I looked at her angrily. She knew she had gone too far. But I also knew she was right. I gathered up my computer silently.

"I'm sorry. Only pretty girls like me get email," Maggie smiled.

"Good luck with the internet dating."

Maggie, "I'm sure you'll meet someone. It just takes time. All the guys who contacted me want just one thing. Most of them I wouldn't date in a million years."

"All the women, obviously, don't want anything from me!"

When I got home I went online and stared at my profile. I must be doing something wrong. I have to be. It's not possible that women are not pursuing me. They should be lined up to date me.

I went online and bought a bunch of books on internet dating and dating in general. I did a search on internet dating and the internet dating sites. Suddenly, it became clear why I was bombing at internet dating.

It seemed internet dating sites had a very difficult time attracting women to their sites. Most sites would allow women to join for free but a California case had stopped them from charging different amounts for women and for men. As a result internet dating sites were flooded with dudes. Most sites claimed that they were about 50/50 ratio of men and women. But that wasn't exactly accurate.

ABC news had done a study and found that Match.com was in fact more like 41% women and 59% guys. And this included Manhattan where women out numbered guys on Match.com nearly 2 to 1. I wondered if you didn't include NYC what the ratio would be? 70 to 30? It wasn't unheard of an attractive woman getting 30 to 50 emails a day.

The hidden truth about internet dating. It was extremely difficult for guys. More and more guys were bitterly dropping of sites complaining about the lack of women or the games they were playing. They said things like, "Don't believe the commercials."

Reportedly, women either get sick of the all the "loser" guys contacting them and quit the site or get addicted to internet dating. Getting emails from 100s of guys is such a huge ego boost and women, even attractive women, tend to be very unsure of themselves. The books said even an average looking woman is a sought after commodity which soars her ego past her realistic value.

The books and searches on internet dating said, "If it was up to women to approach men, the species would have died out long ago. Internet dating is like real life, men have to go out there and approach women. Even the best looking guy will only get a handful of emails a day or week while an average looking women might get dozens. Also, when you actually go out with women from the internet, they tend to be bitches. They know they have 50 other guys in their inbox waiting to be chosen. So they can be extremely selective.

This isn't good I thought to myself. I think I'm going back to bars and singles hikes.

I thoroughly read the books. I spent hours rewriting my profile to fit into the templates. I bought ebooks on internet dating and dating in general.

My profile went from honest and heart felt to funny, fun loving, briefly romantic and informative about me back to funny. Again, I thought it was a masterpiece. But I knew even a great profile was virtually useless. The women who contacted guys reportedly tended to be the biggest players and worse looking. So following the books I wrote several great 1st emails and sent them out.

Meanwhile, my sister had started dating again. She complained about all the email she was receiving and how she had to search through them to find normal guys. What a rough life hot chicks have? Lol.

My sister in about a month had scheduled 7 dates. Of course, guys jumped at the chance to buy my sister dinner. All of which she came home bitching about how they were controlling, annoying, only after sex and numerous other things. Virtually all of the guys contacted her about going out again but my sister said get lost. Not even in a nice way.

Like I said she was a bitch. She could have just not replied but she had to tell them they were losers, control freaks or lying about their age.

I sent out dozens of emails. My carefully crafted emails got few responses. I thought about moving to NYC where the ratio was to my advantage but I enjoyed the weather in CA too much. The response rate to my funny, clever email was low, around 15%. I read woman after woman's profile and laughed bitterly. Most attractive women's profiles were a paragraph long and basically said I'm hot. Attractive woman on dating sites got results without putting out any effort. Life isn't fair.

I still wasn't in the mood for dating but I went out a couple of times. Generally, I blew off the women who contacted on their own for being either huge, not my type or it was a pain in the ass for me to get there to see them. China, England, Russia, Thailand, etc. is a little out of my driving range. Most women in CA on internet dating sites, I quickly learned, aren't worth driving over an hour to see.

I tried to follow the books I had gotten on dating. But I bombed badly when I did go out on a date. I wanted to be talkative but I never shut up. I'd forget everything I wanted to talk about. So I'd look at a cheat sheet on my phone to find something interesting to say. The women I was going out with were not the greatest quality. If I met them in real life I would have hardly noticed them. I don't want to sound conceited but they were honestly not worth my time.

After 2 months my sister had gone on 14 dates. She could have gone on 100s if she wanted to. I had gone on maybe 8. Luckily, I learned from the books to only meet for a drink not dinner or I would have wasted serious cash on the bitches.

I dated one women 6 times. She was a redhead and cute. But she never had anything interesting to say. She lived with her parents and seemed very immature for 34 year old professional. I couldn't get her in bed and when I pushed the issue she dumped me. She was playing the game I found most women on the internet play. Entertain me. I read that 30% of women have had sex on the first date with a guy they met on the internet. I don't know who that guy is but he is definitely not me.

I was a little down about the red head but I knew she wasn't the one. Though I would have liked to fuck her. After all I hadn't gotten laid in months.

I was going over to my older sister's huge house to house sit and watch the dogs. I was beaten down. Dating, responding to emails, sending emails, telephone call, having to be on all the time was exhausting. I was starting to think about giving up on dating. Especially internet dating. I knew other lawyers who used escort services. I could have a hot 22 year old in my bed tonight. But I couldn't do it. I needed to know she wanted me nearly as much as I wanted her.

The last women I went out with over the internet was a Vet, animal doctor. She had been on 40 dates in three months. And she wasn't cute. That pretty much summed up internet dating for me. It was a woman's game.

Women selected no matter what type of loser they were. I was better than that. I decided I was going to go out tonight and use some of my pick up knowledge. In bars at least I had a chance. On the internet, I was competing against 100 guys who were way to afraid to approach an attractive women. I was being cock blocked and helping to create ego maniac women. I was good but there was too much competition even for me to deal with.

As I fed the dogs and petted them, I truly appreciated their unconditional love. I rubbed my face against the mutts and allowed them to lick me. That was the best kiss I had had in months. Maybe years.

I thought to myself I think women in their 30s lose their ability to kiss. I remembered my last few girl friends. A few kisses, which were mostly bad, and then eating pussy followed by fucking. Women in their 30s fuck so they don't bother to kiss right anymore.

"The odds are just too stacked against me," I said quietly frustrated as I rubbed the dogs bellies.

The door bell rang.

"Big Brother what are you doing here?" Maggie asked when I opened the door.

"I'm house sitting. Stephanie and Paul are away. What are you doing in this neck of the woods?" I inquired.

"I had a date. I drove an hour to see the guy. He was great on the phone but in person. Not as cute and a control freak. Never stopped talking. Total jerk. A lot like you," Maggie responded as she entered the house.

"So internet dating is really working for you," I slurred back at her.

"Lots of annoying...'You're hot emails from losers. The guys who I meet are single for a reason," she told me.

"You are like the women I meet on the internet. Delusional. How many dates have you been on 15? If you can't find a guy you like from 15-20 guys that you get to chose from a catalogue than it's not the guys it's YOU," I said bitterly.

"It's not that simple. I'm picky!" she sternly replied.

"You can't even meet someone good enough to date. Please. You love the attention of the internet's desperate dudes squad chasing after you. You enjoy the cat and mouse game. You just don't want to get caught. You're looking for free entertainment and guys buying you dinner," I emphasized.

"Not tonight. I offered to pay half and the jerk took me up on it," Maggie sided.

"Good for him. He's probably the first smart guy you dated," I praised the guy who didn't fall for her bs.

"Total geek. Jerk. What are we doing? Let's raid Stephanie's wine cellar. I want some Pinot Grigio," my sister stated.

"I was about to go swimming," I told her.

"Oh, indoor pool. I remembered to bring a bathing suit. I'll go steal a bottle of wine. You get changed. I'll meet you at the pool," my sister announced the plan.

"You shouldn't drink and swim," I reminded her.

"It's only wine. You are such a geek, big brother."

It was weird lowering my body into the swimming pool as snow covered the ground outside. The water was shockingly warm as I looked up at the stars in a cloudless sky. My older sister and her husband had great jobs but they rarely went swimming in the indoor or outdoor pool. They had the great things in life that money can buy but didn't have time to enjoy them.

I swam a lap feeling my shoulder muscles tighten as I touched the wall and headed back. At 6"3 and about 195 lbs I was all lean muscle. I had the 6 packs abs and great chest that few guys my age have without looking like a steroid abuser. I was thin and could eat anything I wanted. When my nieces and nephews picked on me for getting old I told them just pray you are in as good a shape as I am when you are my age. 37 years old. I am getting old.

My sister came out carrying a bottle of wine and glasses. I swam over towards the pool steps as she carried the bottle to a table nearby. She was wearing a long white t shirt that came down past her bathing suit bottom. I couldn't tell if she was wearing a bikini or one piece. But her thin legs looked fantastic. So shapely and toned with a hint of her inner thighs as she moved gracefully. My sister walked miles on the machines at the gym 4 days a week. My nieces should pray that they are in as good of shape as my sister when they're 32.

"Do they have towels out here?" my sister asked.

"In there," I pointed to a towel holder.

My sister, "That's right." My sister smiled as she started to open the bottle of wine.

"So how do you like internet dating? I think it's a waste of time. BTW you have such man hands. That bottle of wine doesn't stand a chance. All the women seem like crazies, look nothing like their photo or female players who are looking for freebies," I stated.

My sister stopped for a second and looked at her hands. Then at me but I just kept talking so I didn't give her a chance to reply. My sister went back to opening the bottle of wine.

"How many emails have you gotten from loser guys," I asked my sister as she started pouring the wine."

"Hundreds. I don't answer hardly any of them. Just a couple. We have the advantage on the internet. Women get to select. Actually half of the guys I've gone out with are guys that I contacted," my sister revealed.

"What did you write them?"

"I said I liked your profile." my sister smiled as she walked over and handed me a glass as I sat on the step still submerged in the 80 degree water.

"That is so lame. They actually responded to that. You are lucky you are a girl," I complained. "I sent out dozens of emails and rarely get a response. What percentage of guys reply to your emails?"

My sister considered for a second and then said, "I don't know. Maybe 80-90 percent."

"80 to 90 percent," I said incredulously. At that moment, I looked over at my sister who was pulling off her white T-shirt. My sister was wearing a red bikini. Revealing but more girl next door. With the shirt covering her head. I stared at my sister's flat stomach, thin legs, small pert breast, her beautiful shoulders and collar bones. Her thighs looked hypnotizing. Her bikini bottom covered her thoroughly but when she turned I saw her ass. Like an 18 years olds. Small and tight.

Suddenly, the idea of bending my sister over the table and fucking her from behind spread through me like a wild fire being stoked by the wind. The feeling was uncontrollable lust. My sister's back was breathtaking, only the small bikini bra straps covered her skin above her waist. My sister's skin was flawless. Everywhere. No signs of being 30 plus. NO problem areas. Tall, thin, with small tits and totally stunning.

My sister turned to me and for a quick second I stared at her bikini bottoms. I tried to see any hint of her pussy lips. I quickly averted my eyes as I finished off my glass of wine. My sister picked up her glass and the bottle. She walked over and joined me on the stairs of the pool.

My sister smiled widely as she teased, "You have to accept it. I'm just cuter and everyone wants me. You are a dorky lawyer. Geek."

I hit back, "I think mom has the same bathing suit. That's not hers is it. No it wouldn't fit you up top. Looks nice though."

My sister scrunched her face, "Mom hasn't worn a bikini in her life. I look good. As all the guys on the site who are fighting over me would tell you. How many girls are fighting over you. Ah none. Even that boring red head dumped you."

"Thanks. Well, you can be proud. That's exactly what I'd want. Guys fighting over me on the internet. You are like Paris Hilton." I paused for effect, "Guys on the dating site are probably downloading your picture and you know." I moved my hand as if jerking off.

"That's gross," my sister punched my arm as she sat down placing the bottle next to her.

"You don't think some guy hasn't done that to the photo of you after you blew him off. Or rather didn't blow him off. Luckily, you didn't put a photo of you in that bikini up on the site." I tried to gross her out.

"Yuck. Desperate dudes like you. You need to get some action. How about a prostitute? Since no one on site wants you." My sister teased back.

"No thanks. I've got my hand and dating site photos of chicks in bikinis," I smiled.

"Gross. Loser," my sister slapped my shoulder again. "So how long has it been for you? Anyone since Laura?" my sister inquired seriously about my sex life. "3 and half months. You know the women I've gone out with...None of them I liked. Zero. But I would have probably fucked half of them just for the hell of it. My mindset is so AFC right now. I want to be into dating but I just can't get into it. Especially when I know these chick are getting a ton of email from other guys. I don't compete. I select," I answered. "What about you? Anyone get luck yet?"

Maggie shook her head, "I'm not answering that question. Especially to my brother."

I grabbed my sister's leg at the knee and gently squeezed, "You asked me and I answered. More wine."

I've learned always distract a woman when she doesn't want to do something. It shuts down her rational side of her brain. My sister poured me a glass of wine

My sister announced, "No one since, doctor dickless. I've met some nice guys on the site. But no one that special. To be honest, I'm just not in that mental framework. I'm coming out of a 4 year relationship. The only person I've been with in years and years. It's scary to be with someone else. I don't trust guys anymore. I have to admit I'm one of the women looking for entertainment only. Unless someone blows me away."

I looked at my sister and realized my hand was still holding her knee as I raised my glass in my other hand. "Bitch, tease, everything I hate about women on the internet. My sister," I stroked my sister's leg just above her knee and then back down to her calf. "How long has it been. 4 months?"

"Almost 5," she quickly stated.

"I don't know how women do it. I'm missing sex like crazy. You. You could have it with anyone and it's like you don't miss it at all," I questioned.

"I miss it. Believe me I miss. But unlike you guys, I need that connection. Guys will screw anything. Especially if it's half way decent looking. I need trust, commonalities, humor, feeling comfortable with someone. Most importantly trust. See I know most guys just want to sleep...fuck me." It was the first time I had ever heard my sister say fuck me. I continued to softly rub her calf.

"I like sex. Believe me I like sex. But I want everything else, too. Sex with some random guy doesn't get me what I really want. Too dangerous. Disease. My reputation. Guy could be a stalker. The downside is too high. But I'm feeling the urge." My sister smiled widely, "Some guy on the site is going to be getting lucky soon. Better than someone at work who actually knows me."

"Lucky bastard. I need to find a women at that point," I laughed. "Being a women is so easy."

"Get your period and then talk to me. Worry about getting pregnant and whether a guy is just out to fuck you or actually cares about you" my sister threw back at me.

"Hey, we have to shave."

"We have to shave too, buddy. Legs...elsewhere," My sister told as I wondered where elsewhere meant.

My sister sipped her wine as I rubbed her leg. "I'm glad I shaved my legs today. You are good at massaging legs aren't you. Brother you should put that on your profile."

"Maybe, you can write a testimonial for me telling everyone how good I am at massaging women's legs," I teased her.

"I think that'd be a little weird," my sister broke the spell. It was the first acknowledgement by either of us that her brother caressing her leg was not within the rules.

We sat in silence as my I continued to caress my sister's legs. For the first time, I wanted to move things forward. I actually wanted to fuck my sister. I knew she was horny just like me. My hand ran up above her knee to her thighs. At first on front of her leg and then bringing my hand down to the inside of her thigh. Then the outside of her leg. I watched my hand move back and forth over her leg. Maggie calmly sat there sipping her wine.

Finally, I got the nerve to look up at her. I stared into my sister's eyes for a moment. We locked eyes. I wondered what she was thinking. 


I moved my hand higher on inside of her thigh, "So you are going to let some internet loser guy get lucky." My hand caressed her soft, yielding skin as I stopped short of bikini bottoms. So close to touching her. I lowered my hand to just above her knee and then slowly traced the same line back up her inner thigh coming only centimeters from touching her bikini.

My sister was looking down at my as I kept my hand on her inner thigh this time. I rubbed, pushed and caressed her inner thigh. Maggie breathed deeply and then softly said, "You never know..."

My sister suddenly stood up as my hand fell down her body to her calf. Then she splashed into the water as my hand slipped completely off her leg.

"I don't want to get my hair wet. I just washed it this morning," my sister spoke again. "Don't dunk me."

"I won't," I promised.

"I hate dating. I want a relationship. Kids, house. Maybe even a cat or dog," Maggie said.

"I know what you mean."

"Too bad you're my brother. You are smart, funny, fun, trustworthy, successful..." my sister insulted me.

"You make me sound boring." I slid into the water. I slowly approached her. Only my sister's head was above water.

"Not boring. The ideal guy."

"Yeah, ideal. While women sleep with other guys instead of me. I've been too nice. I'm headed back to being a jerk and picking up chicks in bars," I told her.

"Don't. Only loser women go out with guys they met in a bar!" my sister taunted.

I ignored her answer, "You know what drives me crazy. Every women on the site says they enjoy skinning dipping. I've tried to get so many women to skin dip with me that I dated and they rarely have the guts to do it. They act all sexual and adventurous but in reality they are boring."

My sister laughed, "I said in my profile that I like to skinny dip. Guys emailed me about that. How gross? I know all they want to do is..."

I cut off my sister's tangent, "Have you ever actually went skinny dipping?"

"In my bath tub. Shower," my sister giggled.

"You are so typical. And boring," I replied.

"Have you ever been skinny dipping my conservative brother?" my sister asked.

I reached under the water and pulled off my swim trunk and then brought them up out of the water. I stopped treading water and placed my feet on the pool floor. I threw my trunks up over the side of the water.

My sister, "Oh no. Don't. I'm getting out."

"I have now. It feels good," I said smiling widely. "Go for it Maggie!"

"Not with my brother. I can't believe you did that. Then again..."

I swam over toward my sister.

"Get away. Keep your thingy over there," my sister backpedal toward the stairs. I thought for certain my sister was going to get out of the pool and then exit the room. Maybe, I had gone too far.

My sister turned and reached up to grab the bottle of wine. I started moving towards her on the stairs. My sister was still submerged in the water as she poured herself another glass of wine.

I moved toward her and then grabbed her around the waist playfully. The top of my body was pressed against her as my hands wrapped around her stomach.

"Stop. Stop naked boy. Get off me," My sister grabbed her glass and turned toward me smiling.

My hear was hammering away at 3,000 beats a minute. "Get naked little sister. When are you going to get a better chance to go skinning dipping than this." I ran my hand along her flat, toned stomach. The first time I had ever touched her there. It felt so good.

"With my boyfriend, husband, yes. Not my brother. Get off, I know you are desperate to see nude women but go to a strip club. Don't ask your sister," my sister complained. We sat still in the water as I continued to rub her stomach. My sister for a split second leaned back and rubbed her face against mine. The feel of her skin against mine was intoxicating.

I pulled my legs against her backside. Snuggling my hard cock against her bikini covered butt.

"Greg, don't," my sister said as she reached down grabbing my wrists as I covered her stomach with my hands.

"Don't what," I toyed with her.

"Stop. I can feel you. You're hard," Maggie whispered to me.

"Doesn't it feel good. You feel nice," I announced.

"You're my brother. We can't," my sister explained the obvious.

I moved my mouth to her ear and whispered back to her, "Who's going to know. Just me and you. I'm better than some stranger off the internet or guy in a bar. You know I love you. And that you can trust me. I know you need this as badly as I do. People need to be touched. Sex. That's what we are designed for. Modern society is getting in the way. That's why we are both on the internet looking for it.

"Why not enjoy each other's company? Body. Until we actually meet someone we like. It's only physical. A physical display of the love we already have for each other," I tried to convince her.

"It's incest. Like you said I can have any guy. Why would I fuck my own brother," my sister told the truth.

"Because you know your brother loves you. That you can trust him. It's only exploring another part of that love. Touching each other."

"I can't Greg. It's so wrong. I'm horny too but we can't go there. What happens if mom or dad find out. Or Stephanie. Or anyone else. We'd be ruined. Ruined. Our lives would be over," my sister said.

"Look around. No one is here. Let's try it. You're beautiful Maggie...don't you think I'm attractive at all." I started moving my hips very slightly back and forth. Pressing my cock into my sister. Humping her ass so softly, I wasn't sure if she was even aware of it.

"You're cute. You know that...internet women are idiots. How can they let you get away...I'll never understand. I wouldn't," my sister said sweetly.

"Thanks sis, you're such a sweety. I moved my right hand from my sister's stomach ever so slowly down onto her bikini bottoms. When my sister didn't immediately react, I placed my hand between her legs and onto her cotton covered sex. I began rubbing her pussy through the bikini trying to entice her to fuck me.

"Greg no," my sister struggled against me as I continued to rub her pussy through the bathing suit after 20 seconds she pushed me off her as I let go.

My sister was breathing heavily as I watched her cute ass sway up the stairs. I pushed off the pool floor and floated toward the deep end. My sister grabbed a towel and looked back at me watching her. I watched as she dried her thin, lithe body with the towel. When she was done drying off she wrapped the towel around her below her arm pits. Then she took a seat on one of the chairs near the pool.

I moved to where my swimming trunks were and reached over to grab them. My sister stood for a second but then she sat back down. I think she was planning on grabbing my swim trunks but realized she couldn't get to them before me. I moved to an area of the pool where I could stand and put my trunks back on.

My sister laughed, amused with herself, "Damn. I should have grabbed them and made you get out of the pool...Naked."

"You missed your chance to see me. And I look good," I tormented her.

"I felt it," my sister put her had over her mouth as she laughed embarrassed.

I dried off and sat next to my sister. Maggie poured me another glass of wine and then one for herself. We sat there silently for several minutes. But of course, I couldn't leave it alone. I was too horny to shut up.

"Women make such a big deal out sex," I said.

"It is a big deal. It's very personal. Guys.." my sister ranted.

"I know. It is. I promised myself I'd only have sex with someone I truly cared about. That's why I think it'd be okay if you and I...We love each other. It's not like a stranger, an internet date. I was only kidding before about wanting to fuck them. I wouldn't. I've become too moralistic."

"Ahah. We can't Greg. You're my brother. It'd be too weird, gross. Illegal. What about afterwards? Are you my lover, brother? Too confusing. What about after I dumped you like Laura. You'd hate me," Maggie rationalized.

"What if I dumped you like the doctor?" I countered.

"Please, you seem to actually like sex. If you got a taste of this...you'd be giving me puppy dog eyes the rest of our lives to get back in there," my sister teased.

"True." Never disagree with a woman just move things along. "We could do other things." I looked over to my sister who was starring up at the starry sky. She turned and looked back at me. I had her intrigued.

"We could only do oral," I said.

"Not. I wouldn't even share my tooth brush with you. Then again I wouldn't share it with the doc either and we did that all the...No way. Oral sex with my brother. Stop Greg. It's sick."

"Mutual masturbation. We could touch ourselves in front of each other. No that'd be too frustrating," I probed my sister.

"I'm not getting naked with my brother," my sister, Maggie, shouted at me. "Stop with the disgusting let's get naked stuff."

"We could just grind against each other," I thought I'd hit on something.

"Stop it. No way," my sister turned back to looking up at the night sky.

"Listen, we wouldn't even have to get naked. You in your bikini. Me in my swim suit. We'd just grind against each other until we got off. It'd be like having sex but not actually doing anything wrong. Brother/sister sex. All the cumming but none of the illegal touching. Think about it. It's prefect," I tried to convince her.

My sister looked at me for a second. Suddenly, I thought she is considering it. She wants to do it.

"Technically, we wouldn't be doing anything wrong. It'd be like we bumped into each other," I continued.

My sister, Maggie, shook her head. "No, I couldn't look at you...Or have you look at me like that. Too weird."

"From behind then. I could rub against your...butt."

My sister made a face. The look on her face said it all. I can't believe I'm having this discussion with my brother. But she was thinking about it.

Maggie, "You'd get off. But what about me. It'd feel good. Really good." She must have liked the feel of me against her in the water. "But I couldn't..." Her voice trailed off as my sister was unable to say cum in front of her brother.

"I could reach down and touch you," I suggested.

"No. Absolutely not. That'd be you know...incest," my sister whispered the last word as her body language turned against the idea. "I had no idea my brother had such wandering hands. Such a bad boy."

"You could touch yourself," I interjected. My sister looked at me as she calculated the impropriety of my suggestion. "There wouldn't be anything wrong with that. It'd be sexy. But I wouldn't really be able to see what you were doing." I could tell I was convincing her. My sister like the idea. Maggie wanted to feel my cock against her ass as I humped against her.

"I know I need this...bad. You do too. 5 months. We wouldn't be doing anything wrong. Technically. It'd feel so good to be close to someone. That's what I miss most. The physical closeness. The emotional closeness, we already have. No one will know. I will never mention it after today. I'm a lawyer. I'm good at keeping secrets."

Maggie starred at me. "How would we do it?"

I stood up and looked around the room. "We could do it the water. But it's a little cold. I'm not sure if I could."

Maggie, "If you can't for this you have a serious problem." Maggie smiled, "I'm only kidding. Guys are so sensitive about that."

I ignored her taunt as I looked around the pool room. My mind was on getting her body against me. I didn't give a fuck what she said right now. I thought about going to a bedroom but I didn't want to change location. It might break the mood. Then I saw a support column running down the center of the room.

I responded as I pointed to the column 5 feet away, "You could lean against the column with me behind you." I walked over to the column and leaned against it.

My sister look over at me but didn't move. I had no idea what I was doing. Standing against the column by myself trying to seduce my sister. I felt like a weirdo, pervert, loser. I thought she's never going to do this. It's too awkward and strange. The taboo is too great. My bitchy sister doesn't have it in her to do something so sick as let her brother rub his cock against her ass while she masturbated.

Never underestimate the power of being very horny.

I gazed over to my sister who was shaking her head giggling nervously. She was 32 years old and I'm sure been fucked many times. But she seemed so nervous and shy. I knew I was going to have to be Alpha male if this had any chance at all of happening. I decided I was going to keep going until she pushed me off and ran out of the room.

I looked at my sister. She was incredibly beautiful. I wanted her so bad. She was a 9 minimum.

I called out to her, "Come here... Get over her Maggie."

My sister looked at me and cautiously stood up. Then she pulled off her towel and dropped it on the lounge. My god her body is unbelievable. If she had bigger boobs she'd be a ten. She looked like a runway model or an actress. My sister poured herself another glass of wine and downed in one gulp. Maggie, "I must be totally hammered to be talking about doing that with you." But she turned and took a step toward me.

My sister seemed to take forever to walk the 5 feet distance over to me by the column. She watched me as she approached but then looked down at the ground when she reached me. She stood silently by my side for a second starring at the ground. I was paralyzed. I didn't know what to do to get her in position.

Finally, my voice cracked as I moved to let her lean against the column, "Put your hands against the column. Butt out a little bit."

"I don't think I can do this," Maggie brought her eyes to mine. As we looked into each other's eyes I knew. I knew she wanted this. She wouldn't be standing here next to me if she didn't. She wanted me to take control. Just enough so she could tell herself that her brother led her into it. Asking her to move herself into a sexual position with her brother was more than she was capable of doing.

I grabbed her arm and placed my other hand on her flawless back. I gently pushed, led her to the column. I let go of her wrist and wrapped my arms around her waist. My hands automatically caressed her stomach.

My cock was rock hard. I didn't even realize that I had an erection until I pushed my groin against my sister's ass. I reached up and grabbed my sister's limp arms and placed them against the wall. I said in a deep throaty voice, "Keep hold of the wall."

My sister had her arms extended with her palms against the wall. I could feel my sister push her butt back against my cock. With her two hands against the wall, she couldn't masturbate herself I realized.

But I didn't give a fuck!

I place both of my hands against her sides of her bikini.

My sister grunted, "No wandering hands, bro."

I didn't respond. I just wanted to hold her in place so I could start pushing against that tight ass of hers. My sister's small ass was so tight.

The first few strokes I was very gentle. I gave her long, slow strokes. But with each successive stroke I pushed into my sister harder and faster. I started humping against Maggie furiously. I brought my one hand back to her stomach. My fingers grazed the very top of my sister's bikini bottom.

My cheek rubbed against hers with each stroke. I kissed Maggie's cheek. I moved my lips to kiss her on the mouth. But my sister turned her face.

"No kissing," Maggie ordered.

I nuzzled her face for a few seconds as my hips pounded my cock against her. Rubbing her starting up her ass onto the bottom of her back. Then I started to kiss her cheek and then started licking her ear and sucking on her neck.

Maggie grunted, "Ah Greg. Ahhhh."

Maggie took her right hand off the wall. She balanced her weight, our weight with just her left hand. I could feel Maggie's hand on top of mine on her stomach. Then her fingers climbed over mine as her I could feel my sister's fingers glide underneath her bikini.

Maggie, "Ah, that's it. Just like that. My clit is so big and wet."

I brought my mouth back to my sister's ear. "Does my sister like this. Are you wet?"

Maggie, "I'm so wet. Come with me. Baby. Do it. Your cock feels so big. So good."

I kept pushing against my sister's butt but I couldn't get off. I couldn't come. It felt fantastic but the friction was diminished by her bathing suit and especially my trunks.

I stopped for a second and I pulled off my sister. My hand was still on my sister's stomach but my grip loosened

Maggie looked back over her shoulder. She was panicked. My sister continued to touch herself. Maggie, "What's wrong. Don't stop. Did you come?"

I looked at my sister. I'd never seen her so wanton and lustful or more stunning. I replied breathlessly, "I'm not going to be able to cum like this. Too much clothes in the way."

I couldn't believe what my nurse, goody too shoes sister said next. Maggie, "Take them off then. Hurry."

I let go of my sister's body and quickly pulled down my shorts. I leaned over to pull the trunks off my feet. I turned back around in time to see my sister as she pulled her hand out of her bikini. She placed her thumbs into the side of her bikini and pulled them down over her butt.

My god my sister's ass is even more small, gorgeous than I thought. Not a mark on it. My sister paused and I thought she wasn't going to pull her bikini bottoms completely off. My sister looked at me and then placed her hand on my shoulder for balance. Maggie leaned over and pulled her bikini bottom down her thighs, calves and then finally stepped out of them.

My sister's pussy is completely shaved. Seeing Maggie's pussy for the first time. I stared down at her sex lustfully. She's so nice and wet. I could slip my cock right up inside my sister.

My sister, now bottomless, turned back toward the wall. Maggie reached behind her and unhooked her bikini top. She pushed the bra off her shoulders and arms. Then dropped it to the floor. I understood why she took off her bikini bottoms. To make her brother's cock feel better as he humped his sister's ass. But I had no idea why she took off her bikini bra.

I think she's lost all rational thought. Maybe I can...

My sister, Maggie, turned and looked at me over her shoulder. "Come on already. Oh. You better not try to put that thing in me or I'm going to cut that fucking huge cock of yours off. Understand me!"

I nodded. I guess I won't be trying that. My sister placed her left hand against the wall. I moved toward her. I reached down and squeezed her ass cheeks. So nice. My sister looked back at me impatiently. I could tell her fingers were already working on her clit.

I pressed my groin against her ass. My cock was pressed up against my sister's naked flesh. Her butt. For the first time our fleshes were touching. A dream come true. I started pumping my cock up and down her as cheeks. Then I hit the sweet spot. I started rubbing my cock in the groove of Maggie's butt crack. Heaven. It wasn't her pussy but it felt delicious.

After pumping her ass with clothes for 10 minutes and now fucking her naked butt, I knew I was about to cum. I could feel it rising as my body started to tingle. I tried to hold it down. I knew I'd probably never be able to touch my sister like this again. I slowed my strokes. Making each stroke longer and oh so agonizingly slow which only made it feel oh so good.

My right hand was on my sister's stomach as she continued to play with her pussy. Her hand was becoming a blur. My hand slid down lower on her. My hand was now far below where her girl next door bikini bottoms had started. I actually touched the bottom knuckle of her hand as my fingers ran across her rising mound a centimeter short of where her pussy started. My index finger glazed over the edge to her outer lips.

My sister simply turned her head toward me, "Don't. Please don't."

I kissed her cheek and out of respect for my sister I slid my finger back onto her shaved mound. I ran my hand back and forth over her. Feeling the slightest growth of her pubic hair wanting to rise up and cover Maggie from her brother's touch.

My left hand moved from my sister's hip. It slowly ascended up her torso. Caressing her flesh over and over again until I had to touch her breast. I raised my hand to just beneath Maggie's breast. I could feel her silky skin on the back of my hand. I didn't know how she would react from me touching her tits. But I had to do. She was the one who had taken her top off. I brought my hand up to her breast and felt her puffy pillows flow through my fingers. I found her nipple and lightly squeezed it between my fingers.

I couldn't hold back any longer. My cum couldn't be stopped. I raised my right hand off my sister's groin and placed it on her right breast. I touched her nipple in my right hand and then squeezed both her tits with my hands.

I pushed my dick as deep as I could into her crack and ever so slowly brought it up her backside until my cum spit out. I kept cumming and cumming as I held onto my sister so I didn't collapse to the floor. My cum spraying on Maggie's ass and lower back.

My organism ran through my body. Destroying all reason. This was the highlight of my life. My gorgeous sister has my cum all over her back and her tits are in my hands. But as I enjoyed my orgasm reasoning started flooding back. The wrongness of it started to engulf me. What have I done to my little sister. Sweet, bitchy Maggie. I'm evil.

I needed to let go of my sister. My grip on my sister's tits slackened. I wouldn't be touching her boobs again. So I took one last caressing feel of her breast again soaking up there feel in my mind and fingers.

I pulled my sticky cock off my sister body. Peeling away from her as my cum acted like glue. For first time in minutes our bodies were no longer touching each other. For first time I truly felt naked.

My sister turned around. Her gorgeous shaved pussy glistening with moisture. Maggie, "What are you doing?"

I moved 3 feet and collapsed against the table.

Maggie followed me over to the table. "I'm so close. I need you, brother."

My cock was started to deflate from exhaustion. My sister stood in front of me. She reached down and started stroking her clit. "I need to cum so bad. So bad. I can't cum." Maggie, my gorgeous sister, had lost all control. She reached down and grabbed my shrinking cock with her hand. My sister looked me in the eye a second.

"I'm not done with you yet," my sister said in her husky sex voice. After three strokes of Maggie's hand my cock was rock hard again. I couldn't believe my sister had my cock in her hand. My sister was jerking me off with her left hand. While Maggie's right had was back playing with her pussy.

"Ahh, Greg. So good. So big. I haven't had cock in so long. My brother's cock is huge."

I sat silently listening to her as she stroked me and played with herself.

"I bet this cock would feel so good. I'm so wet. I want it so bad. I need to cum so bad."

My sister scooched closer to me. My cock was standing straight up. Maggie pushed my cock down so it was sticking straight out towards her. My sister moved her pussy, her sex, her treasure closer to me. She was right on top of me now. My cock almost touching her.

I thought to myself, "Oh my God. My sister is going to put me inside her. This is so wrong. I'm not going to stop her. I want to fuck my sister. I want to be inside her. My cock is going to be inside Maggie's tight, little, wet pussy."

My sister asked, "You don't have any diseases do you?"

Speechless, I shook my head no.

Maggie brought the head of my cock to her clit. My sister stopped stroking my cock and took a death grip on my erection. My sister started rubbing my cock back and forth in a slow circle against her clit.

My sister let out a long groan, "AAAAAAAAHhhhhhhh."

My sister let go of my cock and placed both her hands on my shoulders. Maggie rotated her hips. Moving, rubbing her pussy, clit on my cock. My hands which had been laying useless at my sides reached up. I took my cock in my hand. My sister's fingers digged into my shoulders as she grinded her clit against my cock.

I moved my cock off my sister's clit and tried to find her opening. I placed my cock at her dripping, wet love hole. I could feel her moisture leaking out of her onto my cock. I moved my body so I could push up inside my sister.

"No don't," Maggie said as I pushed my cock upward. Just as I pushed up Maggie reached down and changed the angle of my cock so I didn't enter my sister. My cock slid through her pussy lips. Her pussy lips gaping around my cock as the head poked out between her legs.

I wondered if the shaft of your cock is inside a women's lips but not the head is that fucking? My sister's hand was wrapped around the head of my penis. So I couldn't move it again to try to get inside her. My sister backed her body off my cock. I could feel the head of my cock in her hand as her entrance moved over top of it again. My sister looked at me shaking her head.

"You are so bad. You're awful."

My sister reached down and grabbed a seat cushion. Maggie threw the cushion onto the ground.

"I still haven't cum yet...Get the fuck on the ground. Sit on your butt, brother. This way I can make sure you can't get that thing in me." My sister was still holding my cock. Giving it a stroke every so often to keep me hard. I was completely under her control.

I lowered my body to the ground and sat on the cushion. Maggie let go of my cock as she straddled me. My sister took my cock in her hand again as she placed it underneath her. Maggie carefully trapped my cock against her pussy lips. The head poked out but I could feel her wet pussy wrapped around the shaft of my dick. Maggie reached out and pinned me to the ground with both of her hands.

Maggie spoke viciously, "Don't you dare fucking move an inch. Not one fucking inch. I need to get off so bad. But I swear to god if you try to put your cock in me again, I'll cut it off. Bite it the fuck off!"

My sister with her hands pressuring my chest. Her nails digging into my skin started to move her pussy along my shaft.

"That's it. Ahhhhh. Ohh. Brother....ahh. Yyyyaaaa. So close to fucking. So good. You're going to ahh to ahhmakeahh yyyour sister cummm. I neeeed to sooo baaad. Ahah."

My sister pushed, wildly throwing herself along the shaft of my cock. I could feel her covering my cock in her leaking juices. I couldn't believe this was my sister. Minutes ago she wanted no part of touching her brother. Now she was rubbing her clit, her pussy against my cock.

I could feel her opening. I so wanted to push into her. But my cock was trapped. My sister in her craze to orgasm moved to far up my cock so now the head of my penis was rubbing against her pussy. I could feel her opening pass over top the head of my cock over and over again.

I know I had been warned not to move but I reached up and grab my sister's boobs. My sister knocked my hands off her as she excitedly rubbed her gash, her cunt on me. I moved my hands to her butt and took one cheek in each hand. I helped throw her forward with each frustrating stroke. I tried to push up into Maggie as my hands on her butt tried to raise her a tiny degree so I could angle inside my sister.

I could feel my cum building again. My sister loved the feeling of my cock pushing up against her pussy. Giving her even more wet, slippery friction.

"Maggie, I'm going to cum. Sis. Sis!"

I grabbed my sister's ass tightly and pushed her down against my cock as I sprayed. I knew my cock was shooting my cum all over my sister's pussy. My sister's dirty mind knew it too. Maggie stopped sliding against me and ground herself down onto my shaft. It must have been almost my entire width inside her she pushed down on me so hard. I could feel her dig her nails savagely into my chest as her mouth formed this perfect o.

"Ohhh, I'm cumming. Ohh. Ahh." My sister's body shivered uncontrollably. Again her body jerked. Then we both stood perfectly still for several minutes. My sister pulled her nails out of my skin as her fingers caressed my chest. Other than her fingers her body was completely motionless.

My hands held onto her tight ass. My fingers probed her crack and came to her bud. I moved my index finger to it. I poked at her a hole. Trying to slither my finger inside her. My finger wet with my cum I had sprayed on her ass. My sister reached back and knocked my hand away.

"Stop. You are so bad. You want to be in any hole I've got," Maggie grinned contentedly at me. I pulled myself up onto my elbows. My sister shook her head at me. "We are so bad. Both us. I'm just as bad. If not worse. Well, maybe not worse."

I raised my hands from my sister's butt onto her back and pulled my head into her chest. I hugged her tightly as my sister's hand stroked my hair. My limp cock could feel my sister's pussy hole but was powerless to move or had the blood flow to be much use if it could.

I turned my head. I didn't want to hug my sister I wanted to suck on her tits. I pulled my head back off her frame and lowered it. I sucked hard on her left nipple. Devouring it. Then quickly moving to her right nipple and doing the same. As my tongue flared against her nipple. My sister started to move, squatting off me.

Maggie reached down and pushed my cock down as she got up fully on her shaky legs. Making sure I didn't try to enter her. I was soft anyway. Maggie looked down at her sex. My cum was smeared all over her lips and shaved pussy mound. She looked up at me. Neither of us had any idea whether any of my cum had entered her body.

My sister stood completely up. She looked incredible. Her dark hair was wild untamed and matted from sweat. Like she just been fucked. Her thin, lithe frame, toned stomach, shaved pussy covered in a mixture of my cum and hers. Her legs seemed to go on forever and then ended in her genitals. I so wanted to lick her. I'd never eaten a woman's pussy after I'd cum in her but I'd do it just to taste my sister. Oh to be inside her. So close. So far.

My sister starred down at me as she said almost to herself, "It's okay. I don't think much got inside me." Maggie blushed, "If any got inside me the timing isn't right. But just to be safe, I'll take the day after pill tomorrow."

My sister turned away from showing me her little rear and my cum on her back and butt. Then she took one step before diving into the pool. My sister swam as I lay motionless. I turned onto my side so I could watch her wash off our foreplay. My sister seemed to be trying to clean out her pussy and wash off our sweat and cum.

My sister swam over to the lounge chairs. She reached up and grabbed the towel she had used before. Maggie swam to the steps. She looked back at me watching as she stepped from the water. I would never forget I rubbed my penis against that butt. My sister, Maggie's ass. I could see her pussy between her legs. For the briefest moment I watched my sister rub against the towel drying off her groin. Then her body disappeared from view as she wrapped the towel around her. My sister was decent once again in front of her brother.

Maggie looked over at me as she spoke hesitantly but trying to resume normality. Like she hadn't wildly ridden her pussy against my cock. Her brother's dick. "When are they due back?"

It took me a minute to remember who she was talking about, "Not until Sunday." I wondered if she was planning to stay the weekend with me now. Would I be fucking Maggie this weekend?

"Goodnight. You are such a lawyer. You can talk anyone into anything. Corrupt them. Your own little sister."

I looked at her squinting my eyes, "Was that how it was?"

My sister smiled sweetly as she pushed back her dark hair, "No, I wanted to do it. Obviously. Or I wouldn't have let you... Don't worry about the whole you know...It's fine. I'll take the pill...Goodnight big brother."

"Goodnight, Maggie. Little sis."

My sister walked out of the room. I slowly pulled myself up onto my feet. I looked over and saw my sister's bikini, top and bottom. I bent lazy down and picked them up. I turned them over in my hand as I stared at them. Maggie's bikini ,which she took off in front of me, is in my hands. I've seen and touched my sister while she was naked.

I said out loud, "I can't believe I did that. We did that...she let me do that. Unbelievable." I brought my sister's bikini bottoms to my nose and sniffed her sweet, earthy scent. Then I brought her bottoms to my cock and wiped off our cum. I picked up my bathing suit and wrapped a towel around me.

I walked up to the 2nd flood. I could tell my sister was sleeping in the guest bedroom by the bathroom. I wasn't sure if I should talk to her or not. I walked over and very gently tried the door. Was I still trying to get my dick in her? The door was locked. I softly padded off to the other guest room.

I thought it would take hours for me to fall asleep. But I was so exhausted I was out in minutes.

When I woke my sister's door was open but her room was empty. I looked around the house and couldn't find her. Then I looked in the driveway and her car was gone. She must have left early in the morning. She wanted to avoid seeing me.

Around 2 PM my sister sent me the following text message. My sister loved to text.

Get my BK I left it by pool Clean up anything else I took daf So thats fine

I thought for a second, "What does daf stand for?" I'm not good with texting lingo. Then I realized Day After Pill. I grinned. I never thought my sister would be texting me about taking the day after pill. I was immediately hard as I relived the encounter by the pool.

Also my sister wanted to make sure there was no evidence left behind of her rubbing her pussy and ass against my cock. My sister was a worrier.

I waited an hour and then texted her my reply.

No problem I have ur bikini Im keeping it Everything looks ok I had fun very special to me hope u 2 Don't worry

I looked at the text and contemplated about mentioning us getting together again. I decided my sister was dealing with the crisis in her mind about what we had done. Now was not the time to approach her again. I deleted the last part about "Don't worry." She'd worry anyway. It seemed to emphasize that we had done something wrong. Which of course we had. But didn't want to remind my sister of that.

After all since we had opened Pandora's box. I wanted to get my cock in my, gorgeous 9 plus, sister, Maggie.

My sister texted my 5 minutes later.

I want my bikini back

Immediately, I texted Maggie a one worried reply. I paused but I decided against texting my sister, "Come and get it."

I simply sent

No

I waited the rest of the day for my sister to text me back. I expected her to curse me out for seducing her. Call me on the phone yelling at me for taking advantage of her. My dad or mom to come storming through the door. Or police lights to flash through the window and then I would be arrested for incest or rape. I thought for sure something horrible had to happen. After all I touched my sister's tits. My sister touched my cock to her pussy.

Then I thought, "My sister was worse than me. I never touched her pussy. Her breast, yes. But never her sex. My sister wouldn't let me touch her down there. Yet, Maggie was stroking my cock with her hand. Typical double standard, I laughed to myself.

Days went by and I didn't hear from my sister. I knew she needed time but I was worried about her. Finally, I decided I should text her. I wanted to call but I didn't know what to say to her other than let's do it again. Lol. I didn't think that would go over big at the moment.

My text

Are u ok

I received a text back the next morning

Im ok Still in shock At what we did What uv seen Very weird Need time Delete this text

My sister was working through our grinding like I thought. I laughed at her worrying about leaving any evidence behind. I was lawyer but she was better at covering our tracks than me. I deleted the text to protect her. I knew if people found out what my sister and I had done they would be shocked. Disgusted.

My guy friends wouldn't be. If they saw a picture of my beautiful sister or met her, they'd understand why I touched her. I'd be the Man. For Maggie, it'd ruin her reputation forever. She'd be a whore. While I'd be the guy who got his stunning sister naked. Other women would judge her worse than even men. But men would think she was a slut. But guys would still want to fuck her. But she wouldn't be marriage material for a quality guy if he found out. The double standard.

The reality was...No one was going to find out unless one of us told someone. SECRET.

A month later I still hadn't seen my sister. I called, texted and emailed her cryptic messages asking how she was. I didn't receive any reply. So after 10 times, I stopped sending any messages to Maggie. I had ruined our relationship. Which was shaky to begin with. When I went to my parents' house my sister made excuses to avoid the family functions.

I didn't know what to do. Like Maggie said, "very weird."

Three weeks after my encounter with my sister I started dating again. I still needed to get laid. I knew my sister would never go that far with me. Maggie must regret what we already had done. I checked Maggie's activity on the dating site and saw that she had become active again. If my sister was communicating with other men, she must have started dating again.

It's bad enough when you break up with a woman you care about by email or never hear from her again, but when it's your sister...very weird. Especially when you can see that the woman or in this case my sister is dating other guys off the internet. What can you do?

Start dating other people!

I told my mom about me being on an internet dating site and that I was starting to line up dates. I knew my mom would tell my sister all about my dating. I wanted Maggie to know that I was ok and moving on. I wasn't some guy who was going to stalk her or pressure her every time we saw each other. We could become brother and sister again. Was it possible to be platonic with your sister after she grinded her pussy against your, her brother's, cock?

Finally, after 14 dates, I met someone I clicked with. Alyssa, 31, dark hair, thin body, small boobs, 5"7' with a small, tight butt. Yes, I know she looked a lot like my sister. Her face was not quite as stunning as Maggie's but she was a good substitute. An 8 compared to my sister who is a 9 plus. But a big positive was Alyssa was less bitchy and not my sister.

Alyssa was an event planner. We told each other crazy stories from our works. She was the first women I met who actually seemed fun. Alyssa was sweet. Only problem, she was a vegan. I hope she still sucks cock.

So many of the 30 plus year old women I meet are so angry or act like their job is the most important thing in the world. It's very amusing when they are personal shopper or a flight attendant. Please, don't cover up your insecurities with attitude.

After going to a comedy club, I invited Alyssa back to my place to play a game or watch a movie. We both knew it was code for let's go back to my place and fuck. We got out of my car and I ran around to open her door. I took her hand. She squeezed my hand back as she smiled radiantly.

I unlocked my door. I listened closely. The television was playing in the living room. Did I leave it on this morning before I left for work? I didn't think so.

"The tv is on," I said as I left Alyssa's side as I hurried into the living room. My sister was sitting on the couch. All my sister had on was a pair of black lacy panties and a white wife beater shirt. Which I think was mine.


"I've been waiting for you," Maggie looked at me. I knew what she had come for. Alyssa followed me into the living and stopped at my side.

My sister uselessly tried to pull down the t-shirt that was barely covering her breast which only reached her waist.

Alyssa seemed to be the only one of us who wasn't caught speechless. I think Alyssa thought Maggie was my ex-girlfriend or wife that I had neglected to tell her about.

"Hi, I'm Alyssa," Alyssa said naturally.

"Maggie," my sister paused. "Greg's little sister. I'm in the family pictures on the wall." Maggie laughed amused at the situation. "How long have you 2 been dating?"

"A couple of weeks. This is our third date," Alyssa smiled.

Maggie smiled knowingly, "Oh. Sorry to interrupt. Greg, I was driving home and my car died. It's parked out on the street. Barely made it here. When I tried to restart it. Nothing but clicking. I had a key so I figured I could crash here. That's okay, right?"

"Ah, ah fine." I knew Maggie was lying. Her car was a brand new 2009 Lexus SUV. "Alyssa and I were just going to play a game."

"I told your brother I could kick his butt at trivia," Alyssa laughed. "We went to a comedy club. The comedian was hysterical. Even more so when his jokes bombed."

Maggie, "We should play trivia. I haven't played that in years." Maggie smiled at Alyssa, "We can double team my brother. He won't stand a chance. He thinks he's so smart. Lawyers."

I literarily gulped. Maggie was blowing my chance to get laid. Or did she want to fuck me or was she into a threesome with Alyssa. I had no idea what the fuck to think. I took a deep breath and knew I needed to get rid of Alyssa. No way did Maggie want anyone else to know anything about our relationship. My sister wasn't going to have a threesome. I think?

But I have to do this smoothly. So the next time I see Alyssa, I can still fuck her.

I realized Alyssa was starring at Maggie's attire. I could almost read her mind. Why the fuck is this girl wearing nothing but a pair of lacy panties and small t-shirt in her brother's house. Alyssa looked over at the wall and checked out the photos. She looked back at Maggie and the tension eased a little when she realized Maggie really was my sister. What kind of girl would think her boyfriend's sister came over to fuck him?

I thought Maggie would go get changed but she sauntered over to the table with her panties and hard nipples pressing against her light t-shirt. I could almost make out her pussy through the lace. If she wasn't shaved (terrible that her brother knows such things about his sister), her pubic hair would have been on full display. I saw Alyssa eyeing my sister's panties. I could see her almost shake her head. A little of Maggie's flat stomach showed just above her panties.

We started playing the most bizarre game of trivia pursuit ever. Underneath the table cloth I started rubbing Maggie's leg. Over and over again, I ran my hand up and down her thigh. I was as stealthy as possible. Then, I said what the fuck! I reached out with my other hand and started to rub Alyssa's leg. Alyssa and Maggie both ignored my actions. They played the game as if I wasn't touching either of them

They laughed and made fun of me. I kept asking for the question to be repeated I was so distracted. When I had to ask a question, I would take my hands off both of their legs but then I would immediately return to stroking their skin.

After about a half hour, I reached my hand in between my sister's legs. I angled my body to block Alyssa's view but I worried every second about being caught. Maggie didn't try to stop me. I could feel her moisture leaking onto the fabric of her lacy panties. I could feel her heat spreading onto my fingers. Maggie opened her legs wider allowing me easier access to her pussy. I could feel her hole at the tips of my fingers and I pushed into her bunching the lacy panties in the entrance of her vagina. I brought my hand to my sister's clit and started to slowly rub her sex.

Maggie brought both of her hands to her face. She buried her face in her hands and spoke softly.

Maggie, "I can't think. What was that question again?" My sister removed her hands from her face. I continued to massage her clit. Maggie's right hand squeezed my thigh tightly as she tried to control herself. "I have no idea what the answer...ah...ah...is to that question..ah is right now."

At the same time I ran my hand up Alyssa's leg. All the way up the outside of her leg touching her ass. Alyssa was wearing a thong. I felt along the side of Alyssa's butt as I played with my sister's pussy.

What I was doing was so wrong. Alyssa probably could tell. I had no idea if she could or not. I wanted to fuck Alyssa. But I needed body and soul to be inside my sister, Maggie. I wanted to be joined with my sister. I'd do anything to fuck my sister.

Alyssa looked at me. She had no idea I was playing with my sister's pussy underneath the table cloth as I ran my hand up Alyssa's leg. My hand was going up Alyssa's inner thigh now.

"It's getting late. I should go," Alyssa said gently.

"Are you sure?" I moved my hand onto Alyssa's panties. I was touching her pussy through her thong panties. I could feel her pubic hair and wet slit. Alyssa squirmed in her seat away from me. Alyssa's thong panties were wet. At that moment I was touching two pussies at once. My sister's pussy and my new girl friend's pussy. My sister reached over her hand and started rubbing my cock through my pants. I was so hard.

Alyssa's hand pushed my greedy fingers away as she stood up. Alyssa looked over guilty at my sister. Worried what my sister might have seen.

Alyssa leaned down and gave me a hug and kiss. Maggie was still rubbing my cock. I moved my hand off of Maggie's pussy for first time in minutes. My fingers were wet with my sister's juices. As I wrapped my arms around Alyssa I could see that my fingers were leaving a wet spot on her dress. Would she notice or smell pussy juices on her dress? Would she think they were hers?

Alyssa smiled down at me. I pushed Maggie's hand away and walked Alyssa to the door. Alyssa called out to Maggie, "Nice meeting you. Maybe we can double team your brother another time. He deserves it. He thinks he's so smart and can beat us both."

Maggie had regained some control, "I don't think that would work. He's too good. Drive safely. I'll take care of my brother for you."

Alyssa smiled back at my sister. I walked Alyssa to her car.

I told Alyssa, "I had no idea she was going to be here. I forgot she even had key."

"No problem. Does she always walk around dressed like that? Panties?" Alyssa questioned.

"No, not normally. She used to when we were kids but my mom would yell at her. But she's a nurse. She's seen way too many naked people. Half clothed people are losing it's taboo, I guess," I attempted to give her a more rational explanation. "I think she must have tried to fix the car herself and her clothes got all dirty and greasy."

Alyssa smiled, "Oh, yea. That explains it. Tomorrow. My place. Don't bring your sister." Alyssa giggled at her joke. "Luckily, my family lives in another state. I'll cook you dinner. Veggies but you'll like it. Pasta too," Alyssa teased sweetly. She was a cutie.

I kissed Alyssa goodbye and watched her car drive off. I looked back at my door. The smile on my face disappeared. I was a man possessed. No matter what Maggie said or how hard my sister tried to fight me off. Maggie was about to get fucked by her brother.

I started to walk back determined that this was happening. My cock was going in my sister's pussy. I was blowing my load inside her or on her. I wondered what my sister would look like with my cum on her face, in her hair, on her tits. I wanted, needed to be inside of Maggie.

I walked through the door. My sister was sitting on the couch waiting for me. I stopped and stared at Maggie. For more than a minute we stared into each other's eyes. I walked toward her slowly. The distance between us seemed insurmountable like I was trying to climb Mount Everest. I could hear myself breathing heavily.

When I reached the front of the couch, I lowered myself down onto my knees.

Maggie pleaded in desperation, "We shouldn't do this. It's so wrong."

I placed my hands on her legs. Soaking in the warmth from her flesh. My hands moved slowly up her legs. As I bent over and kissed her thigh. My hands moved over hips all the way to the edge of her panties. I hooked my thumbs in the top of her lacy pussy hider and slowly pulled them down her leg. My sister held her legs together and raised her butt a fraction to allow me to easily remove her panties. I pulled them off each of her feet and dropped them on the ground.

"Oh my god. Oh my god. We going to do this," Maggie moaned as I started to kiss her leg. I used my hand to spread my sister's legs as I licked, sucked and kissed up her inner thigh. I moved my hands and grabbed Maggie's tush. I pulled her closer to me. I continued kissing her inches from her pussy.

Then I moved my head and stared at my sister's pussy. It was shaved. Her pussy juices ran from her sex in anticipation.

"So this is where all those guys on the internet wanted to get. Brothers first," I buried my head between my sister's legs as I tasted Maggie's pussy for the first time.

"AHhhhhh, ahhh, Greggy, ahh," my sister started squirming and moaning immediately. Maggie tasted so fucking good. I could eat her pussy for hours and hours. I ran my tongue along her wet slit. I pushed my tongue through her lips into her vagina and started to tongue fuck her.

"Ahh, so good. That feels amazing. Ohhhh," Maggie moaned. I moved my tongue up to my sister's clit and started rolling it around. Back and forth in slow circle on my tongue. Maggie's hips lifted off the couch as she pushed herself against my face. I reached up to run my hand along her breast. My sister grabbed my hand and pushed them back down toward her sex.

Maggie, "Ahh, ahhh, inside mmmme, ahh, ohh, ohh,"

I took my index finger and pushed it into my sister's pussy. I was inside my sister. Only my finger but it was shocking to realize, I was inside her. I kept licking my sister faster and faster. Trying to make her cum. I kept my finger still and then moved it in and out. Finger fucking my sister, Maggie. Running my finger along her vaginal walls. I started moving my tongue against her, lapping her like a cat drinking water.

My sister grabbed my hair and pulled it tight. "Ahh that's it, that's it, ahh, OH, OH, I'm cumming," Maggie called out. "You are making me cum. AHHH. Brother. Ahhh."

I kept licking my sister. I couldn't stop. My mouth was exhausted but I kept going as my hands tried to hold her still so I could keep my finger in her and my tongue on her clit.

Maggie's movements slowed as she came down from her orgasm. My sister reached down and pushed my head away from her clit. I pulled my head away from her pussy. Then I leaned in and kissed her leg. I took my hand and wiped off my sister's juices from my face. The back of my hand was covered with Maggie's cum. My sister's cum

I started to climb up my sister's body. I trailed kisses along the way. I suckled her skin right above her pussy on her mound. Feeling the growing hairs prickly on my tongue. I licked her stomach and then pushed my tongue into her belly button. I ran my hands over her silk pillows. Squeezing gently.

Then I took as much of her right breast into my mouth as I could. Sucking on it. I released her skin as I took her nipple into my mouth. Sucking on it as hard as I could. I moved my mouth to her left nipple. Like a vacuum cleaner pulled her nipple into my mouth. Her stiff nipples were sticking out an inch from her small knobs.

I licked the top of her breast and then started to place kisses on her neck. My sister ran her hand along the my back. I moved my body in between my sister's legs as I brought my cock up to her pussy. I moved my hands to my sister, Maggie's face. One hand on each side framing her face.

We looked each other in the eye. Such passion for one another but no idea what to say. I poked my hard penis against her. I could feel her opening at the tip of my cock.

"This is so wrong, Greg. You're my brother," Maggie insisted.

"Tell me you want to fuck me. Tell me you want your brother inside of you. Fuck everything else, I need you so bad Maggie," I said in a sensual whisper. I knew whatever she said she couldn't stop me from pushing myself inside her. But I knew she wanted me as much as I wanted her. I wanted her to admit it. To me and herself.

Maggie sexily, "I want my brother inside me. I want to feel your cock in my pussy."

I pushed my cock through her lips into her vagina sinking and sinking inside her depth. I could feel Maggie's vaginal walls surrounding me. Wet and tight as our bodies became one.

Maggie, "Ahh, ahh," her hands running over my shoulder. "Ah, ah, so good. Ohhhh," I started to slowly move my cock in and out of my sister. I looked down between our two bodies where we were joined. I couldn't believe my eyes. My cock was sliding in and out of my sister's pussy. I just shook my head in disbelief.

"Do you like fucking your sister, me? Does it feel good," Maggie asked.

"So good. You are so tight. My sister's pussy is incredible. Maggie, Maggie...I can't believe I'm finally inside of you. Ahh, ahh, You're so beautiful. Ahh," I kept pistoning my cock in and out of her. Coming to her opening and then pushing back into her fully. I 'd give her 2 or 3 short strokes and then I'd push deep inside of her as I could get. Feeling our groins mashing together.

"Ah, ah, yes, yes, like that, you get so deep. Ah, ah so deep. I want to feel your balls against me. Ah, ah, oh ya, oh ya, yyyaa, yeaaah, like that, ahh, big brother, oh, oh, oh," Maggie moaned uncontrollably.

I moved my arms underneath my sister. This was my favorite sexual position. My body, torso, pressed against Maggie's body. Her breast shoved against my chest. My arms wrapped underneath my sister's shoulder blades as my hands held onto her shoulders. We were completely enveloped in each other's body. I used my grip on my sister's shoulders as leverage to be able to fuck my sister harder.

I pulled her back into me fractions of a centimeter as I held her. I could feel my sister wrap her legs around my waist. Her heels were touching my butt cheeks. I was slamming into my sister, stroke after powerful stroke. My neighbors could probably hear the obvious sound of two bodies coming together while fucking. Slap, slap, wet slap. The sound that only comes from two lovers fucking. I wondered if they new it was my sister who was still here. Getting fucked by her brother.

I had been out with many woman that after just a few hard collisions of our groins in this position they wanted to stop. But not Maggie. I was pounding into her over and over again, a sexual frenzy. There was a certain element of sex that sometimes seems slightly violent. This was it.

I was not trying to hurt my sister. But I wanted to be all the way in her. Every inch of me. I wanted to make Maggie feel incredible. This was just good old fashion hard fucking...between a brother and sister. The couch was squeaking. I was worried about it breaking or flipping over.

"Ahhhhhhhhhh,Gregggggg, ah ya, ah ya," my sister, Maggie, moaned over and over again. "Cum for me baby, I'm so close. Cum with me. Oh yeah, ya, You're in my ahh, ah my cervix, oh, oh, ahh, god you're so deep, ahh, ah."

Hearing my stunning sister, her sex voice which a brother should never hear. How could doctor dick dump this incredible woman? Feeling my sister's thin, lithe body, her 5"7' frame surrounding me, her small butt, tight, wet pussy and her matted dark hair from sweat.

"I'm close sis, Maggie, Maggie," I called out to my sister. I could never have imagined myself calling out my sister's name as I was about to cum while fucking her.

"Inside me, cum inside me brother," Maggie shouted.

I couldn't pull out in time. I was too close. I didn't want to pull out of my sister's pussy. Ever. Maggie's legs held me so tight to her that I couldn't pull my cock out of her pussy even if I wanted to.

I pushed as deep into my sister as I could. I shot my seed into Maggie. I could feel myself spraying over and over again. Spreading my sticky life giving cum. Filling up my sister's insides, her vagina with my, her, our juices of love. My body shook as the most powerful orgasm of my life spread throughout my bodies nerve endings.

The feeling of orgasm seemed to never end. I could feel my sister rub against me and then she was cumming again. Her hands grabbed my ass cheeks and pushed my groin into her groin. Trying to get me even deeper inside her pussy. I though I might be coming out of her mouth soon.

We stood still wrapped around each other. Enjoying the feeling of closeness that sex brings sometimes when it feels right. The closest I've ever felt to anyone was right now with Maggie.

My sister, Maggie, whispered in my ear, "That's was good. How the fuck could Laura let you get away?"

We both laughed and then I said softly, "Believe me it wasn't like that with her. What about you? I was still inside my sister but I was starting to deflate.

"Doctor dick was practically dickless. You keep that up and you're going to have me stalking you. We're going to be fucking a long time. How do you feel about kids?," Maggie grinned.

"Not on the pill," I asked trying to control my nervousness.

"I'm not talking about now. In the future. The whole 3 headed baby thing from incest is bullshit. We've got good genes. I asked one of the doctors I know. He said very little more risk of genetic problems," Maggie schemed

"I like kids," I leaned down and kissed Maggie as our tongues lashed against each other. How could I possibly have a real relationship with my stunning 9 plus sister? Could it work?

The next morning, maybe really around noon, I woke up next to my sister's naked body. I thought to myself, "I was sure it was a dream." My sister's arm was draped over my chest. I took her arm and kissed her hand. I turned over on my side and suckled my sister's nipples. My hand started playing with her pussy. Maggie's clit flaring against my finger. I moved on top of her and slid into her wetness. I wasn't sure if she was awake or not. My sister groggily opened her.

Maggie smiling, "Oh, oh my god. My brother is inside me. He's fucking me. I should tell mom to make him stop." I pushed deep inside her as I picked up the pace of our fucking. "No, it feels too good to stop. Poor Alyssa. Ahh, oohh, I almost asked her to stay over last night. I wanted her to watch me fuck you. I'm fucking your boyfriend Alyssa. Ahh, ah, I'm really a dirty whore. Fucking my brother and ahh, ah, another girl's boyfriend. I'm a tramp." Slap, slap as my cock pounded my sister's wet pussy.

"I'd let Alyssa watch but she'd try to suck your cock. Or put it her pussy. She's a horny slut. She wanted to fuck my brother. He's cock belongs to me. His sister. It's Maggie's cock now. Oh yeah, oh yesss, your cock fits perfect, nice and big and goes so deep. Yeah, ya, like that baby, baby, brother. Fuck your sister, ah Maggie," I was totally worked up now as I heard my sister talk about my girlfriend who wanted to fuck me tonight.

"If she watched us fuck Maggie, she might want to eat your pussy," I teased my sister.

"I like cock, ahhhh, oh ya, yyeaaah, my brother fucking me is as dirty as I goo, ya, yeah, give me that cock. For now," the words hit me like a brick, 'For now.' I slammed into my sister three more strokes and then pulled out of her. I quickly directed my cock toward my sister's face. My sister opened up her mouth wide sticking out her tongue. I shot my load toward her head. Cum landing on her face, her hair, chin, chest and tongue. 


My sister closed her mouth and then wiped her face off with her fingers. Then Maggie stuck her fingers in her mouth tasting her brother's seed.

"Hmm, you taste good. Mom and dad did a good job of making you for me. Too bad we didn't start fucking 14 years ago. We need to do a lot of screwing to make up for lost time." My sister licked her finger again, "We're off to a good start."

My sister. Maggie. She is a dirty bitch. What brother knows what a sister is like when she is being sexual? Only a brother who is fucking her.

I didn't get a chance to see Alyssa that next night. My sister, Maggie, and I were too busy. Watching your sister lick and suck your cock is a sight to behold. You can never look at your sister's mouth the same way again after she's given you a blow job...after you've cum in her mouth. I still haven't gotten her to let me put my cock in her ass but she's weakening. How strong is her will anyway? I convinced her to fuck her own brother.

I received an email the next day from the dating site. I saw my sister's username on the message.

"I like your profile. This is my last day on this fucking annoying site. So you are the lucky guy. Why don't you cum over and fuck me tonight. I bought some a-glide so if it fits it can go up my bum. You are so big you're going to have to be very, very gentle. As compensation, I'm on top and you're having your sister's pussy for dinner. Bring your appetite."

I replied, "I'm very hungry for you. I can taste you already, sis. My favorite meal. It'll fit. I'll be very gentle. You'll like feeling of me up your ass. See you tonight."

Maybe this internet dating thing actually does work.

Stephanie, Maggie's and Greg's sister, and her husband Paul watched the big screen, 50 inch plasma tv, with dolby digital. On the tv screen Maggie was on top of Greg rubbing her pussy against her brother furiously. The sounds of their sexual encounter were reverberating off the walls of room. It was like Maggie and Greg were actually there touching each other.

Paul was fucking his wife from behind as they both watched the tv screen. As Stephanie watched her siblings commit incest.

Stephanie lustfully, "Oh baby they are so beautiful. I wonder if they've fucked by now. I bet they have. Oh baby give it to me. Give it to me like Greg fucks Maggie. Harder, harder, ah, ah, this is my favorite part. When you can see Greg's cum on his sister's wet pussy."

Paul fucked his wife hard, "Aren't you glad I installed those new surveillance cameras...with sound, Steph. You like to watch, don't you. Watch your bad brother and whore sister. They're committing incest. You like that don't you. You like seeing your baby brother and little sister together. Touching each other. You like seeing your brother's cock and your sister's pussy."

Stephanie, "Oh yeah baby, oh yeah baby. I like the cameras. Watching. Maggie rub her wet pussy against our brother's big cock. Fuck your brother, brother, fuck me baby." The dvd started again from the beginning. The surveillance footage had been looped to keep playing over and over again. 