Party with Sister
bysaagar_manthan©

My name is Tony. I'm 20 and I'm living here in Goa with my family. We are typical Catholic family, father, mother, then older sister and I. My father has got import/export business of fishes and my mother is helping him in the business. When my parents got married within a year my sister, Tina, born. After around ten years I was born. Mother was helping my father in the business so most of the time she used to stay out of home. My sister who was 10 year older than me took care of me all my childhood. We were very close. She was more like mother figure to me than sister. Always hugging me, kissing me.

My sister, Tina really was good looking; nobody could deny that, not even me, her own brother. In fact I had become my sister's number one fan. I had been around about 18 when I became conscious of my sister's stunning appearance. She was typical catholic girl, taller, creating some very long legs. Her breasts were much more proportioned; she wasn't fare but her skin was smoother and she had a very attractive face. I hadn't noticed the true beauty of my sister all by myself. However, My friends were also commenting about her and she was the subject of many erotic fantasies of them.

Some kept quiet about their lust for her, while others were very open about it in that typical teenage-boy manner (as you must have known Catholic people are very frank and open about life). "Fuck your sister's hot Tony. Don't you just want to dive into her?" and "Oh man! If I was you, I'd be fucking that ass all day and night long." were only a sample of some of the things they had whispered into my ear every Time my sister bent over in front of me and my friend. I didn't mind that all much. At first I had been surprised by the compliments, and then proud. Anyway, I was pretty dirty myself. Whatever it was, I finally started listening and agreeing with my friends. Not out loud of course, I kept the growing arousal for my sister to myself. Sure she was my sister, but in the end this only added to my excitement. Even just to think about her, and I got off immediately.

I masturbated regularly. I was horny enough as it was, but having my sexy sister around all the Time didn't make it any easier. She usually wore tight clinging clothes, like small T-shirts that just managed to stretch over her tits and jeans or short skirt that clasped the shapes of her full, well-rounded ass. Watching her move around the house was enough to get me all revved up for a toss. I was sure she had noticed the discomfort it caused me, but nevertheless she continued to do so. She was a most popular girl in my area. So many guys were after her. She was always nice with them. Even though I was hot for her I never did anything to get her. How can I? After all she was my sister!

4 years before my sister got married when she was 26 and went to her husband's house that was living in the next town. She used to visit our house every other week especially if my parents were gone out of town for long period. Even though she was married and gone with her husband she was always there, helping us, taking care of house and other things. Even After marriage she was as hot as before. She was still popular in our area and guys still admire her beauty.

My cousin Max (my mother's elder brother's son) was one who was hot for my sister (who's happen to be her cousin brother also). Even though he was much older than me we were best buddies. He is living near to our house and used to come home regularly. He taught me how to enjoy the life. Hanging around with him I've had some wild experiences with a lot of girls.

Max and I were very frank to each other and used to talk about girls and women including my sister, Tina. One particular comment of his played back in my mind over and over again: "Shit Tony, even if she is our sister I wouldn't let that get in the way." I thought about this for hours on end. I did have one hell of a sister, how could I not take advantage of that? I thought about that but realized there is no way that I would able to fuck my sister. Absolutely no way!

But I was wrong. It's happened last month.

Whenever my parent goes out of town we used to make party in my house. My friends never miss party in my house, especially if Tina, my sister is there then. She was volunteered to prepare food and everything for the party, serving to them. she used to enjoy in the party drinking and Dancing with everybody. She was always cheerful and center of attraction in my house party. We all would drink, Dance and play whole night. After when party would finish and all guys left me, my sister and my cousin used to clean house and other things.

Last month also my parents went out of town for two week and I threw party in my house with my friends. Tina, my sister was there in the house. That day as usual party was going on in his full speed up to the midnight. We drank all the bottles of drinks and all guys left the house. After that my cousin, Max and I was sitting in the hall while sister was around cleaning things. Max and I was whispering about some girls and then he commented about my sister, Tina how she looked beautiful even after her marriage and other things. And he is horny looking her around. I didn't say anything just laughed. He kept commenting about her and I just nodded him. I thought might be he is drunk so he is loosing his mouth. That wasn't new for me, in the past so many time we talked about her in like that condition. Suddenly he asked me whether I'd object him if he try to seduce her? I said no as I know he was just kidding, he can't be a serious. He got up and headed out side telling me to wait for him.

After around 15/20 minutes he returned back with bottle of French wine. We sat there in the hall started drinking. He invited my sister to join us. She hesitated first as she already had enough drink but my cousin convince her to have few more drink with us. She agreed and sat with us in the chair opposite sofa. We talked about party and other things. We were joking, giggling and shouting. I saw my cousin was sneaking a look at her big tits when she laughs. The way he was talking with her sure he was horny for her. She was also responding him.

I don't blame my cousin for wanting to fuck her, I understand. I took a good look at sister, and I have to admit, I liked what I saw. She was wearing a fairly short skirt and high heels, showing her full legs. She was also wearing a tight blouse that emphasized her breasts and believes me; my sister's breasts don't need to be emphasized. The way those tight boobs of hers jiggle and bounce would draw attention of any one.

My cousin, Max was talking very sweet with my sister, Tina and I surprised when he asked her to sit between us on the small sofa and she did. She sat between us keeping her legs on the center table. We kept talking and drinking for some times. She was already a bit gone and this would really do her in. my sister was always silly and flirty with my handsome cousin, but I never once thought a thing about it. Even when she giggled and rubbed against him I still didn't see it. I mean, who'd ever figure his own sister to be turned on by one of her cousin? Especially when your sister is married with strong guy. I mean really! I was thinking about them. Does my cousin really think my sister would be a piece of ass? Is he really going to try to fuck her? And was he going to try it in front of me? And she'd really allow him to fuck her?

As we sat there and talked and drank, I thought my sister was becoming a little careless with her skirt. As she was keeping her legs on the center table, her skirt was rod up her thighs. She was definitely showing a lot more of her full thighs than she should have. I noticed my cousin eyeing her legs and brushing his hand up against her knees every Time he had the chance. But, nice leg-show or not, it was sister's breasts that really had his attention. He watched them jiggle and bounce whenever she moved, and he could barely take his eyes off them-even though he obviously liked her legs too.

****

It was really crazy. Tina was getting giggly, and my cousin was telling her how beautiful and sexy she was. Meanwhile, I was nervous as hell, just trying to figure out what was happening here. Then my cousin leaned over and planted a kiss right on my sister's lips! At first she gasped and gurgled and half-yelped, and I thought I was going to have to pull my cousin away from her and smack him or something. But then she suddenly quit complaining and began kissing him back. Her arms slid around his neck as she did, and I didn't know what the hell to do. I didn't want to watch what was happening, but yet I couldn't tear my eyes away.

As he kissed her, I could see that my cousin's hand was inching closer and closer to my sister's awesome breasts. Then he put his full hand one of them and squeezed and fondled it, before she finally jerked away from him and planted herself firmly in my arms in the intensely quick process.

"Looks like it's your turn," my cousin said to me with a laugh. "Or are you afraid to kiss your own sister that way?"

I didn't know what to do, but I figured my sister was safer kissing me than a guy that was doing his best to fuck her, so I put my mouth on hers. She made a pleasant little sound of surprise, and then kissed me back the same way she'd been kissing my cousin. Her mouth opened and mine opened, and I was thinking what an incredible thing it was to be doing this with her. Then I noticed that my cousin was boldly unbuttoning her blouse as I kissed her, and I just let him. He got back getting her blouse wide open all the way down to her waist before she even seemed to notice what he was doing, and at that point she pulled her mouth away from mine. She looked really sexy then, even though she was my sister, with her brassiere-clad breasts exposed and her waist showing in her opened blouse.

She got really angry then, and told him she must stop his actions, which wasn't decent with her. But I noticed that she didn't do a thing about buttoning her blouse back, even while she was raising her voice. And all the Time she was talking, I was seeing so much of her cleavage that I was having trouble keeping my cock from bursting my pants. She might be my sister but my cock didn't care a bit. Seeing the way her breasts overflowed her brassiere was one hell of an erotic sight! My cousin just laughed at her and offered her another glass and told her she was fun to tease. The next thing I knew he'd not only sweet- talked with sister out of being upset, but she was giggling and letting him kiss her again and her blouse was still wide open.

Then, as they giggled and smooched, my cousin slid his hands behind her, caught her brassiere hook, and undid them. Sister squealed again and jerked away from him and wound up in my arms again in the process, but it was me that stopped her complaints with planting my mouth on hers and I have to admit I was excited and nervous. She whimpered a little and complained to me about what he'd done to her, but she soon stopped complaining and snuggled in for still more smooching.

The scene was way beyond my wildest dreams. This was my own sister I was her lips, and not only did she forget about her unsnapped brassiere, but she began darting her tongue in and out of my mouth as I kissed her. Then I saw my cousin was fondling her legs as my sister and I kissed, and that he was easing her skirt higher up her full, voluptuous thighs.

As we kissed, one of sister's arms moved from my neck, and then came back again. Then she repeated the process with her other arm, and I wondered what she was doing. Then I saw my cousin's hands on her bare shoulders and knew he'd been the one who'd moved her arms and he'd taken her blouse all the way off of her. When I saw her blouse on the floor I almost choked. What her husband would do if he saw what was happening? Here was my prudish sister -- her skirt was almost all the way up to her big, delectable ass. Her blouse was completely off her, and, judging from the look on my cousin's face as he looked at her tits, she was about to lose her brassiere too.

My cock got harder at the thought of those sweet melons being exposed. I told myself I couldn't think those kinds of thoughts about my own sister, but I still thought them anyway. Then my cousin made a smooth move with his hands and Mother gasped, and I knew it had happened. I looked down, and sure as hell, my sister's brassiere was on the floor of the hall, too. Her firm breasts were completely exposed. As I stared at my sister's breasts, with erect nipples. She looked like a young girl rather than a 30-year-old!

I should have tried to stop things. After all, this was my sister that my cousin was undressing. I even thought about that -- as I reached for her gorgeous breasts, unable to resist copping a feel of those lovely melons. Then I touched the stiffness of her erect nipples and she moaned in response to my fingers, and I totally forgot about stopping things. Tina, my sister moaned something about stopping this as I gleefully fondled her tits, but there wasn't any conviction in her tone at all, and I knew she didn't mean a word of it.

Then I saw my cousin's hands moving on her legs. I kept up my movement on her breasts and heard her moan softly. She arched her back to move them tighter into my hands. She didn't seem to notice Max's hands as they slowly moved under her skirt. From her lack of resistance as he slid his hands over her hips, I knew that I'd soon be seeing more than her thighs and tits, and I was all for it. I saw the skirt move up her thighs until her panties were exposed and Max's hand was moving to cover her pubic area.

Suddenly her hips jumped and she pleaded, "Please, please stop now, I, I, you can't do this" and she tried to get up.

****

As Tina's legs moved apart Max's hand slid between her thighs and began to move on her cunt. I once again began to fondle her breasts and pull on her nipples. Her face was tense and although she still was trying to get up I could feel her resistance weaken. Finally with a deep sigh she relaxed back into the seat. Max's hands were now free to roam all over her thighs and one moved into her panties. I was shaking with excitement and disbelief. My cock was so hard I could hardly stand it. I thought I was going to cum right then. Sure as hell my cousin was soon pulling my sister's panties down around her ankles, and both of us were ignoring her moaning protests.

"Wow, look at that pussy," my cousin, Max said, as he eased my sister onto her back on the sofa. "She doesn't have a hair on it! That's the sweetest pussy I ever saw in my life!"

I captured a nipple in my mouth and looked down at my sister's cunt as I did it, and I saw that he was right. My sister's thick lips were as smooth as a young girl's. Her excitement showed as they glistened in the reflected light from the slick moisture covering them. Sister groaned as we admired her snatch, but she didn't once make a move to cover herself. As I mouthed her big nipple, her moans of lusty pleasure drove me wild.

"Oh, don't suck on my breast, dear," she whimpered, "Oh... don't touch that, Oh myyyy!"

"See," my cousin said, as he slid two fingers into Sister's snatch, "I told you she's hot fuck."

"Oh, don't talk like that about your sister" Tina groaned. "We have to stop doing this. This has gone way too far."

I interrupted my sister pinching her nipples as my cousin slide his jeans down pulling out his hard dick and moved between her thighs

"OOOhhh," she wailed. "Ohhhhhhh...he's putting it in me. Oh, he's fucking meeeeee, his cousin! Oh Tony, you won't tell any one, will you? Please don't tell our parents. OOOhhh, this naughty brother is doooooing it to meeee! Ohhh yes, it feels good, I like it. OOOhhh yessssss!"

It was wild to watch my Sister get fucked. She was sprawled on that sofa with her legs spread, and bouncing and wiggling her ass. I almost went crazy at the sight. I got so turned on watching my sister being humped that I had my own cock in my hand and was whacking away at it before I even realized what I was doing. My cousin moved into her and then backs. I could see his hard cock move slowly in and out. She now had her arms tight around my head keeping me at her breasts as he rammed his cock in and out of her.

She moaned into my ear "Oh Tony, this is so naughty. I can't stop you, But please be nice and don't tell mother/father and I will let you keep on doing this to me. It feels sooo good and I will be nice to you both, just don't stop."

Max was now moving faster and with a surge into her he gave a yell and blew his nuts in her pussy. Sister hadn't started her own climax yet.

He pulled his shrinking, dripping dick out of my Sister's pussy and sort of flopped over onto his back, and then I did something I never thought I would do in reality. I looked at my sister, Tina lying there with her eyes closed and her thighs open, and I looked at her slippery cunt and those bare beautiful breasts, and I just couldn't help myself. I rolled between her legs and slid my cock into her cunt before she even knew what was going on.

My Sister gasped as I slide it in her, and her eyes popped open. And she really squealed when she realized her little brother had turned on looking her and beginning to fuck her in the process.

"OOOooh God," she said, "you shouldn't be doing this with me.... Your sister. Please just hold me. You can feel me if you want but don't do this, its toooo wrong."

I was way too horny to pay attention to my sister's pleading, and as I moved in her, her pussy responded and her attitude improved tremendously. It only took me a few hard strokes to get my Sister frantically wiggling her ass and French-kissing me and blubbering about how great it was. And the more I pounded her the wilder she became. It was so great, sliding my cock in and out of my sister's slick cunt. The lack of hair made it so much smoother and I could watch as my cock was sliding in and out of her pussy. The fat lips would pull out as I moved back, then pull together and I once again moved into that warm, slick cunt. I was using her breasts as hand holds for balance.

She had now put her hands over mine and encouraged me on, saying " Oh please Tony, keep doing that, Oh harder, yes.. Yes, that's so good, I love what you are doing to me and how you are making me feel. You are such a loving brother." Her hips were now moving up to meet mine on every stroke and I could hardly control myself.

"Go on, little brother! Fuck me.... Fuck your sister. ohh yesss... do it to meee. I am so close"

I fucked my sister harder and faster, my cock slamming into her juicy pussy, filling it, pushing into her cervix at the end of every stroke. The tight clasping lips and the pressure of her cervix finally overcame my ability to hold back. At the very end, I swear we even had the sofa rocking. I felt the cum starting to rush in my cock and when I jerk off, I had a tit in each hand, and my sister was going off with a scream at the same Time. It was a mind-blowing experience. Knowing I'd just fucked my supposedly prudish sister to a frenzied climax was a real trip in itself.

As I got up and got dressed, I noticed my sister had passed out from all the excitement and drinks, which she was totally unused to. My cousin and I put her to bed after first cleaning her up and then even put her nightgown on.

******

In the morning my cousin and I were having breakfast when my sister came out from her bedroom. As she came into the kitchen we got quiet. But, she didn't seem to be any different to us than normal.

She said, "morning! I must have had too much drink last night. I don't even remember when we finish our party and when I got into bed. Don't tell our parents about my heavy drinking, they doesn't like it. OK?"


I just said "Sure" and breathed a deep sigh of relief. Wow! We did that with her last night and she didn't remember. In the bright light of day and without the alcohol affecting my thinking, I decided to forget what had happened last night, although the memory made my cock a little harder. My cousin though got a curious look in his eye that made me uneasy.

Later that day in the afternoon my Sister said, " Hey, why don't we all watch a movie together"

Max was quick with an affirmative reply, and stated we would even go to the video store to pick up some movies, which we did. We chose especially an erotic English movie like 'Basic Instinct' etc. As we headed back to the house we picked up French-wine too, as my cousin said with a smile, "loosen up your sister's lips."

I couldn't believe he really would try something again. My mind was racing with images from the night before. I was already getting a hard-on and while I thought I couldn't let him do this to my sister again but I couldn't stop him from thinking of last night and what tonight might bring. When we got home my sister was finishing up on lunch and Max showed her the wine.

She said, "Great, it's just like a little party, company, wine, and a movie. Which one did you get?"

When Max said "Basic Instinct," Sister got a bit red in the face and said she hadn't seen it, but had heard it was a bit risqué and wasn't sure this was a good movie to be watching with us.

"We're all adults, Tina", said Max, "and it's supposed to be a real thriller."

"Oh, well then I guess its ok, but you guys had better behave yourselves."

As we were having lunch, Max kept Tina's glass full of wine and had her laughing with his jokes. After about 3 glasses of wine my Sister was starting to feel no pain and started telling off color jokes of her own. I was laughing almost the whole Time, part from the jokes, but part from seeing my sister so loose and enjoying herself so much.

After lunch was over, Sister went her room telling Max and I to get the movie ready while she got into something comfortable. I set up the movie while Max closed all the curtain of living room and put some deem lights to set a pleasant mood. When Sister came back, she was really relaxed and had put on a short, sheer gown. When she bent down to move center table I observed her ass and was amazed when I realized she wasn't wearing panties. You could see that clearly because I couldn't see any outline of her panties above her gown.

"When this is over" she said, " I'm going right to bed. This wine is already making me sleepy. So, where's the movie?" She sat down in the middle of the sofa. Max and I sat on either side of her.

As the movie started and it got to the erotic parts, we all began to get turned on, Even my Sister, Tina also as I could tell by the way she kept moving her thighs back and forth. Max placed one arm behind my sister and every Time he spoke to her about any scene he put his hand on her knee. She didn't seem to mind and finally he just left it there and stroked her knee and the top of the thigh just above it. We had been sipping more wine and Sister was really enjoying herself.

She started to lean into Max, which he took as an encouraging move and leaned over her and kissed her. Sister kind of looked puzzled for a moment and then kissed him back in a kind of peck and smiled at him as she said, "You better watch movie, I might think you are getting hot for your old sister."

Max said, "You may be my cousin sister, but you are definitely not old and you look as sexy as any 20 year old. I could go for a lady as sexy and sharp as you"

"Oh, youuuu!" she said, and leaned over and gave him another kiss.

This Time Max put his arms around her and didn't let her pull away. She kind of struggled to get away but he planted a kiss on her lips and with a look of 'you naughty boys' she began to kiss him back. As soon as he started to put his tongue into her mouth she pushed him away, stating

"You are really making me hot, but I don't think this is proper, so you just sit over there and behave yourself," With that she moved over next to me and said, "Brother, you had better protect me, I think our cousin likes older women."

So, I played the protective brother and put my arm around her shoulder and pulled her tight into my side. By this Time the first movie had finished and Max quickly put the other movie in. Giggling Sister wanted to know what was coming up next, and Max said it was a movie about fantasies. This seemed to strike Sister as a good subject for a movie but what kind of fantasies, she asked? Max said he wasn't sure but that it was put together by a woman and directed by a woman. At which my sister laughed and said she might really like this, as women make more sensitive movies but that we might get bored since as men, we didn't really appreciate the emotional aspects of women.

Max chuckled, and said "You might be right sister, but we might be more sensitive and understanding than you think. I think we will all find this an interesting movie."

As the movie began it started slowly and when a man appeared on screen and began to strip, Sister was really began paying attention. When he took off his last piece of clothing and was standing there in the nude, my sister just looked glassy eyed at the TV screen and kind of went "uuhh" and sunk into my side even more. As the actor started to undress the woman, my Sister really started to make little moaning sounds as the movie really was affecting her now, and the wine had completely lowered her defenses.

Max looked at my sister and said he was tired and could he lie down on the sofa and put his head in her lap. I think Sister was a little relieved, thinking that Max would fall asleep and she could enjoy the movie without him observing her reactions. By now Sister was completely involved in the movie so she just nodded ok.

As Max put his head in Tina's lap I could see his face. At first he put his head down facing the TV screen, but as Sister squirmed and moved around as a result of watching the movie, Max turned his head toward her lap and snuggled into her. my Sister was so involved that she didn't notice this clever move, but she was by now holding me very close and I was totally aroused by now. I put my right hand on the side of her neck and just stroked it lightly. She reacted by moving her head over against my shoulder and just kind of moved it back and forth slowly against it.

The movie had now progressed to the couple beginning graphic foreplay. When the couple began to perform oral sex on each other my sister seemed to shake and quiver a bit and said "we mustn't watch this movie, it's blue film. Only sick people watch that!"

I asked my sister boldly if she had ever tried it, something I never before would have asked her about. To my surprise she answered a strong " Of course yes!"

Well I had thought her a bit of a prude but not that much. With her feelings about oral sex she was becoming very aroused. As she was tight against me, her erect nipples were rubbing against my side. I turned into her neck and began to nuzzle her ear, which further aroused her. However she never turned away from the television screen.

****

I noticed Max was now moving one hand up and down the top of her thighs, which caused Tina's legs to open and close with excitement. I moved my hand, which was on her shoulder, to her breast and started to fondle it, to which Sister really let out a loud moan. But then she suddenly became aware of me and placing her hand on mine, she moved it down off her breast and to her side, saying "please Tony, don't act naughty" and turned her attention back to the movie where the couple were just beginning fucking. As the man in the movie put his cock at the entrance to the woman's vagina and slowly pushed in, my Sister gripped me firmly. I again moved my hand to her breast and ran it lightly its surface.

This Time she simply moaned and said, "Ooooohhh ok Tony, but nothing else, it's just while we enjoy the movie then you have to stop this. I can't believe my brother doing this to me and I am letting him. This movie is just affecting me so much I don't know what I'm doing."

Max had been observing my actions and now began to move his hand between my sister's thighs and slowly move them apart. His face now pressed into her groin area and he was blowing warm air across her crotch. As She wasn't fully aware of this, he grasped her gown and pulled it to her waist. This had the effect of exposing her bare cunt and he just kind of nuzzled up to it very slowly so not to draw her attention. Well, it may not have drawn her attention, which was still fully captured by the scene on the movie, but her body certainly knew all about it. Her legs were spreading open even further but all on their own without any help other than Max's blowing and the light touch of his fingers on the outer lips of her pussy.

I now wanted more and moved my hand to the buttons down the middle of the nightgown and gently undid them to her waist. I then separated the two halves and gazed upon my sister's firm breasts. I put my hand on a breast and fondled and massaged it while Sister was almost totally in the control of these varied feelings, the movie, my fondling and Max's actions in her lap.

Max now moved her cunt lips apart with his fingers and slid his tongue down her grove. When he moved to her clitoris that she jumped so much she almost threw us both off. She slapped lightly at his head, saying " Max! What are you doing? Ohh, you really are a nasty boy. You just go back to sleep."

My Sister was now in denial and just trying to make the proper responses, but the responses she really was getting were from her body and she could no longer control them. She then put her head against the back of the sofa while my head began to move down her breast and at reaching her erect nipples I began to suckle, all the while keeping my hand moving strongly now on her other breast. Max, after a momentary pause, once more was licking and sipping at Tina's excited cunt. She then just kind of sagged back into the sofa and gave up completely any resistance while making little noises

"Ooohhh, oooohh, oh god, ooohhhh, yes, ooohh!"

Max motioned for me to pull my sister's shoulders down to the seat of the sofa to lay her, which I did. This afforded us more room and after a false move to stop us Sister just closed her eyes. Max put one of her legs up on the back of the sofa. This had the effect of opening her cunt and Max took every advantage as he dived back upon it and proceeded to lick and suck it.

I could hardly stand I was so excited by all this and took out my cock which I started to stroke. Tina's eyes then opened and seeing my cock, reached out her hand and just said "let me" Oh the feeling was tremendous as she began to stroke it for me. After only an minute or so she got a strange look in her eye and kind of pleading said "please let me try this" at which she pulled my cock to her month and began to suck lightly.

I could only take a couple of minutes of this pleasure when feeling my climax approaching, I said " Ohh Sister, please, I'm going cum "

My sister looked at me but just kept going on even stronger and I explode in her mouth. She just swallows everything.

"I'm sorry Sister, but I couldn't stop."

She just looked at me tenderly and said, "I never knew it could be so erotic to do this with own brothers."

She then looked down at Max and putting her hands on his head just kind of guided him as he continued to suck at her cunt. She started to rock her hips and wave her thighs in Time with his actions. Soon I heard her gasping and moaning loudly as her orgasm overtook her and she put her legs around Max's neck to lock him to her. She came in his mouth and finally she started to relax and her legs fell apart on the sofa and she just lay there still moaning softly.

Max rose and after taking off his clothes, while I did the same, instructed me to fuck Tina, saying he wanted to try something, which he had in mind since long time. I didn't know what he meant but I was more than willing to screw my Sister again. He told me to get her on top of me. I moved to a position between her legs and began to caress her pussy. I loved the feeling of her bare skin and she apparently liked what I was doing too as she was starting to react to my ministrations.

"Please don't feel bad about your sister, but I love what you're doing to me," she said.

I leaned over and putting her nipple in my mouth, I began to suckle her breast again, while keeping up the motions with my hand on her pussy. This had gone so far that I could hardly keep my breath. She was approaching her orgasm again but now I held off. I continued again after a moment and repeated this over and over until she finally pleaded with me to "keep going, don't stop, I'm so close."

I said, " I want to fuck you, sister."

"Oh no, Tony. We can't do that. You're my brother, just keep doing what we have been doing. Its wrong for us to have intercourse."

"Sister, we already did it last night. But it went so fast that I wanted to do it again but make it last."

That caused her to think and she lay quiet for a few moments, while I began my activities again. She again started to get aroused and then she said, "well, brother. If we already did it once then I guess it doesn't really matter, so I guess its not any worse."

****

With that I moved my body up on Tina's. I hung poised for a moment, my cock hard and throbbing, as I lined it up in her slit. I found the opening to her vagina and slowly pushed forward. This Time I was aware of every movement and sensation as my cock moved deep into my sister's body. The heat was like an oven and she was so slick, my body just glided in. I couldn't believe how tight she still was. As I had started to push my cock in her pussy, She just came unstuck and wrapped herself around me. Her legs came up as I hit bottom and they went around my butt and locked me in.

She said, "just lay there, let me do it, brother."

I asked her if she would like to get on top of me, as I had heard of it but never got to try it. We rolled over, still stuck together. This position let her move easily and I was enjoying it all as she rose and fell on my cock.

Then I saw my cousin come up behind my Sister and motion for me to pull her down on me. When I did, he got on the sofa behind her putting his hands on her ass and starting to massage her round globes. This turned her on even more. Max was moving her cheek side to side and opening and closing them. He then reached down and getting some cream on his finger he spread her cheeks apart and pressed his finger against her bottom hole. He kept up the pressure until his finger slipped in.

Tina's eyes opened wide with shock and she stiffened with Max's touch on her asshole. As he tried to enter her bottom with his finger she tried to move forward onto me to avoid Max's finger, but being impaled on me she could not escape. She whimpered with surprise and shame at being touched this way and putting her head next to mine she asked me to tell Max to stop. I now knew what Max had in mind, but I acted dumb and asked her what she meant.

My sister was too embarrassed to say anything, all the while Max was moving his finger in and out of her bottom. I could feel Max's finger moving back there while I was sliding in and out of her cunt. Finally, I felt Max remove his finger and when Tina's face kind of tightened up and froze I knew Max was entering her asshole with his cock. The two of us were fucking our sister together.

Sister said, "Max's doing something to me that is disgusting and it is hurting me. Please make him stop. He has his dick in my anus "

I told her it would be all right soon and that Max didn't want to stop. She should just relax and it would stop hurting soon. I told Max not move for a few minutes while Sister got used to his presence back there and I started a gentle in and out motion to try and take her mind off the temporary pain. After a couple of minutes of this I noticed her breathing start to deepen again and she began to move between us.

In something like amazement my sister told me, "I can't believe this, Tony. I never thought I would be doing this, much less with my brother and cousin. Its actually starting to feel good...oh yes, keep going slow but keep going."

By now Max was also moving his member in and out of her backside and the feeling was so tight on my cock because of the pressure from Max. I had never felt anything so tight on my cock. I couldn't really move any faster as there wasn't any room with my Sister was top on me and Max back there in her.

My Sister was really starting to get into this now and she was doing most of the moving. She started saying things like, "Oh, Oh, Oh Tony, Oh Max, Oh God, this is too much, It feels sooooooo goooood. Oh, How can this feel so good. I've never felt this turned on before and its great. I want more! I love you both for showing me what I have been missing."

Sister was on her hands with her arms locked and asked me to hold her breasts some more, "Please, Tony", she said, "Please hold them and squeeze them hard.

Well I couldn't refuse and she began moving forwards and back, up and down, suddenly she dropped her chest down in my face and told me to suck on her nipples, and hard, "bite them, Tony, bite them gentle"....

As I did she reached her orgasm. I felt her pussy convulse with her orgasm and I exploded too....... It was so intense that I almost passed out.

Max was bucking hard now into Tina's backside and he was having a difficult Time holding off, but as he kept it up Sister was still cumming, over and over. Max grunted loudly with his climax and pounded into her one last Time.

When we regain our sense Max was already out from my sister's back and exhausted on sofa chair. Tina rose from me and went to her bedroom. We were sleeping whole afternoon like that until up to evening. At around 8:00 PM doorbell rang. I got dressed, opened the door and saw some of my friends who were asking about tonight's party. I told them that I'm not feeling well that we'll celebrate tomorrow night. They agreed and left promising me about tomorrow's party.

After that I went to my sister's bedroom and wake her up by fucking her. We fucked there for some time until I explode again in her. After she got up and went to bathroom for clean up. That night my sister my cousin and me had dinner together and whole night we were fondling, sucking and fucking my sister. We kept continue next day also. Max, our cousin left in the evening saying he has to go to out of town for one week.

******

That night I was arranging for party, Off course without my cousin, Max. My sister, Tina was as usual preparing snacks and everything for party in the kitchen wearing a white silk blouse and short denim miniskirt. The boys arrived around 9:30 and began drinking and Dancing. My sister was in the kitchen and all hardly came out front of them. Not before so long, I noticed all of the boys looking my sister over, and a few of them almost drooling in the kitchen. Tonight my sister wasn't participating our fun like drinking and Dancing. Around 11:00, all boys got a little loud and my sister came out to quiet them before they ripped the house apart. As soon as she walked into the room, she realized why they were getting so loud -- there were empty beer bottles all over the place! Instead of sodas, they had hit the beers in the whisky!

After getting a few whistles and a couple surprised my sister caught my eyes and I walked over to her.

"Tony! What the hell is going on here?"

"It's OK, Sister. Cool down. We're just blowing off a little steam. We won't hurt anything."

"Tony, how you're going to take these boys home drunk?"


"Don't worry, Sister. Their parents aren't waiting for them." Then I rested my left arm on her shoulder and grinned at her. "Besides, we're almost finished all beers, and I'm glad. I'm ready for them to leave, because I'm horny!"

"Shhh! Tony, don't say things like that front of them!"

my sister then walked into the room and turned the stereo down, "Okay, guys, as of this moment, party has finished and I'm giving rides all of you at home. Okay?"

There were a few whistles and a smattering of approval, and even a few "Boo's" but they were good guys and stopped drinking their beers. My sister knew I'm not in condition to go with them so she had safely delivered all of them home and came back home. I was drunk and asked her,

"Did you fuck any of my friends?"

"Tony, stop talking like that."

"Well, did you, sister?"

"Of course not, Tony. That's disgusting. I don't fuck every male in the world. I'm not a slut."

"No? You fucked who knows how many guys in high school and you fucked so many guys in our area and you fuck max, our cousin. You even fuck your own brother! You're a slut."

"Tony! Please stop! Why are you being like this? Why are you hurting me so? How much did you drink tonight?"

"Come here, sister and let me feel if you fucked any of my friends."

I stepped around the bed and stood next to my sister. My hand shot up her skirt, pushed her panties aside, and pushed two fingers into her cunt. She responded to my touch, immediately, feeling her cunt grow wet and slippery around my invading fingers.

"See, Tony, nobody's been there but only you, today."

My sister undressed and got into bed. my cock was hard and standing straight up. I mounted her hips and placed my pink cock head at the opening to her pussy. With one powerful thrust of my hips, I buried my cock up inside my sister to the hilt. The pleasure for me was real and strong and washed over me in waves. We found our rhythm and began fucking, slapping our hips against one another. I pounded my cock into her with almost painful intensity.

"Ohhh, Tony! Ohhh, Tony, I'm coming, brother! Oh, I love you so much!"

I pounded away into my sister, until I tensed and opened my eyes. As I began to come inside her, I whispered to her between my clenched teeth, "I love you, too, Sister!"

******

Next day I was out in the town whole day while Tina, my sister was at home taking rest. On the evening I got back home and said her, "sister, I told my friend that the party will be continue today. You have to prepare everything as usual."

I had told my friends that my sister was "cool" about partying at our house, and that's what we did. That day, into the night, and the next 2 days there was an almost-constant party going on at our house. The house was full of TV's and stereo noise, and my sister was supplying the beers and food. She wasn't drinking or dancing this time. By the third night, my sister was exhausted and needed a drink, herself. She didn't have to worry about sending anybody home because my friends were spending the night there.

Dressed in the outfit of low-cut top and red mini skirt and stockings, my sister, Tina, Soon was Dancing with them to rap and Dance tunes. I knew her giggling breast with lacy bra and bare thighs were making a few appearances as she gyrated to the beat. But I wasn't stopping her as she was enjoying being the center of attention for these young, good-looking boys. She was flirting outrageously with them, and for the moment.

Someone changed the cassette and the music turned slow. My sister took turns Dancing close with each of them, including me. I knew what she was doing to them. I could see their erections pressing into her thigh and hip. I could feel they squeeze her tight and press their chests hard against my sister. She rested her head on their shoulders and breathed on their necks.

After a little more Dancing, someone suggested an Antakshari game. We all sat around the floor on the carpet and I could see that all of their eyes lock on to my sister's crotch as she bent and sat Indian-style, like they were. That position pulled her short, tight skirt almost up to her waist and she didn't have too many secrets left! We played that game for some times. The party soon got bored with the game and we all sprawled around, talking about school and girls and music. My sister had kicked her high heels off a while ago and she reached up under her skirt and rolled down her stockings. As she pulled the second stocking off her foot, I realized that no one was talking and I looked up to see all six boys staring at my sister and her legs.

"Sorry," she giggled, "I just wanted to get more comfortable."

My best friend, Deepak smiled and said, "That's ok, Tina. You can even get MORE comfortable, if you want. We won't mind."

My sister pointed her finger at them, "I think you are all having naughty thoughts. Now, behave. I'm old enough to be your sister."

And we all began laughing uproariously. When finally she got her breath back, she stood up saying she's bit tipsy with last drink so better get back to her bedroom. She said Goodnight to all boys and I took her hand and helped her up the bedroom.

When we went inside I placed my hand on her ass she whispered, "I think with your friends in the house, you better go back to them, Dear. I'm a little too tipsy and a lot too tired to do anything tonight."

"I still want to, Sister. Just bend over and I'll get a quickie."

My sister kissed me on the cheek. "Not tonight, brother. You'll live without it for one night. Your friends will all leave tomorrow, and it will be just the two of us, again, and we'll have had some sleep."

I was disappointed and turned away. I knew she was just too tired to care. She closed and locked the door of bedroom.

******

When I awoke, I knew I had a hangover. I cracked my eyes open enough to see that the room was bright, (TOO BRIGHT!) and quickly snapped them shut again. Forcing myself, I got out of bed and made my way into the bathroom. After having bath I headed to my sister's room only wrapping towel around my waist. I went inside the room, locked the door and peeled off my towel. I saw my sister was in the bathroom. I knocked at door. When she asked who's this I answered its me. She asked me to wait and after finished everything she opened the door and stepped out full naked. She saw me standing in the doorway, naked and sporting my big morning erection. From the look on my face, she knew what was going to happen next.

"Can't wait any longer, brother? Come on, let's make it fast!"

My sister walked to the bed and lay on the edge leaving her legs hanging on floor. I stood between her legs and spread her pussy lips open with my cock.

"You wanted to fuck my friends, last night, didn't you, Sister?"

"No, brother, I was flirting. I know I shouldn't have, but flirting is basically harmless. I won't do it anymore."

"No, it's okay, sister. I'm glad you did. It was fun to see their reactions. I know they all wanted to fuck you."

My sister moaned softly as I worked my cock inside her. "Oh, Tony, you're just saying that. I'm an old girl to them. Not someone they want to fuck."

I was all the way in my sister and began pumping in and out.

"No, they wanted to fuck you, Sister. Last night I went back living room and pretended to fall asleep. They were talking about how hot looking you are and how hot you made them. Deepak and Rajesh even talked about coming upstairs last night and fucking you!"

Without build-up or warning both of us began to come! When we came back down to earth my sister asked me what I thought about my friends talking about my sister like that.

"I liked it, Sister. It was sexy and made me so excited, I came right in my pants last night, just listening to them!"

"You are so naughty you know, Tony! You let your cousin fuck your sister and now you like your friends talking dirty about your sister. You're sick brother," saying that she laughed and said, "Come on, brother. Let's get dressed and get back before they wake up and figure out what they missed!"

******

Later that day, as I was cleaning the family room, I found my sister's two stockings from the previous night under the sofa. They were crumbled messes, with dried white goo in both of them, I recognize dried cum. One or two of the boys had obviously used my sister's stockings to jerk-off. Thinking about it, that turned me on so much, I had to sit down until my legs stopped trembling.

My sister and I spent a quiet day together, but my friends were back that night, supposedly to watch the movie. We all drank the beers pretty hard, and most of them walked home around eleven leaving Deepak and Rajesh behind. I knew the purposely stayed behind, probably thinking to get a chance to fuck my sister. That excited me so much and I was going to give them chance.

With the movie over, we put on the stereo and while we were sitting, drinking and talking, I curled up on the sofas and pretended to fall asleep. I put my hand on my eyes so that they won't see I am watching them. After some time Deepak turned the stereo down low, put on some slow music, and asked my sister to Dance. He held her tight and she squeezed against him, feeling his cock grow in his pants. Rajesh wanted his turn and my sister Danced close with him, too.

Soon, the three of them were sitting on the floor, their backs against the other sofa, talking. Deepak had his arm around my sister's shoulder and Rajesh was leaning against her other side. Suddenly, they weren't talking, anymore, and Deepak leaned his face towards my sister and kissed her.

My sister, Tina didn't hesitate for an instant. She opened her mouth for his tongue and moved her hand up under his shorts and grasped his hot erection. They shifted a little and Rajesh was now behind my sister and as he put his hand on zipper of her dress she stooped him,

"Not here, front of my brother. Lets go to my room, boys." Saying that she stood up and went toward her room. Deepak and Rajesh followed her checking on me whether I am still asleep or not. They went in and closed the door. They were so engrossed in excitement that they didn't lock the door. After around ten minutes I went to the door and open slit to watch inside.

They were dancing in the bedroom. I could see my sister dancing with Deepak. Just at that moment, she changed partners. She was dancing, tottering on her high heels, knees bent either side of Rajesh's legs, openly rubbing herself against him. Then Deepak moved back in stroking my sisters back, then I realised he was undoing the zip down the back of her dress and dress was sliding down her body like a silk scarf drifting to the ground. She didn't have a bra on. At first, I thought that luckily she had a pair of panties on. I hoped they were steel reinforced. But no it was a suspender belt. My sister was in stockings. The panties were tiny, stretched thin across her hips, sheer. I could plainly see the tiny bit of her ass they were valiantly trying to cover.

She was back, 'sort of' dancing with Rajesh. The loss of her dress not seems to change a thing, rubbing her up against him. His hands went down on to her ass, squeezing the cheeks and pulling her even tighter to him. Deepak's hand joined his friend's on my sister's bum, stroking, pushing right down between her legs. Turning, she put an arm around each boy's shoulder.

"I see I've got two very naughty boys here".

I had frontal view of my sister. They were nice. My eyes strayed downwards. The tiny panties were as incapable of hiding anything at the front as they were at the back. I could see my sister's pussy lips! It was pushed tight and tangled, by the thin material, but I could see it! As I stood transfixed, I saw my sister's hands come from around their necks and move down to their bulges. My sister was grabbing their dicks. She must be pretty tipsy. I stood there in the shadow, watching my sister's hands on the two cocks.

They all moved towards the bed. They all got on it, my sister between them. I watched as her panties came down her legs. They pulled her legs apart. Their fingers push up into her glistening pussy, Both at the same time. My sister didn't complain. She moaned. She groaned. She writhed on the bed. I could even see a small bead of perspiration on her top lip as they screwed their fingers around inside her.

I knew exactly what was about to happen and I did absolutely nothing. Except watch.

Deepak was first. He mounted my sister, her legs welcoming him between them. I couldn't see so much then. I could see his buttocks moving up and down, my sister humping up to meet them. I heard her groans and moans. I heard his grunt as he ejaculated inside her pussy and rolled off.

Rajesh was next. She accommodated him as eagerly as she had Deepak. I was amazed. To see my own sister lying there takes them one after the other. No, not just lying there, perhaps that might have been better somehow. But bucking and heaving under them. Urging them on.

Rajesh was quieter than Deepak. But my sister wasn't. Moaning, groaning, crying out. Her arms wrapped around Rajesh, using him as a lever to thrust herself up to him. He also ejaculated and rolled off, leaving my sister spreading her legs between them. I could see from her slit dribbles of their semen running down to the bed. I had a hard-on, A massive hard-on. I mean, it's not every day you get to see your sister behaving like this. But it was over now. Or, so I thought.

My sister's hands went down to their limp cocks.

"Tina, I can't do it again". From Deepak.

"Oh, Deepak! I think you can, here let me help".

Sitting up, my sister, Tina leaned forward, lifted his cock and put it in her mouth. I could hardly believe my eyes. My sister was giving head. My sister was sucking my friends cock! Evidently Deepak thought it was a pretty good idea as well. He disengaged just for moment to kneel up on the bed, then pulled my sister's head back down to his cock. It disappeared into her mouth. She sucked him hard. It wasn't really necessary as he was hard again, but she went at it eagerly. Rajesh was already kneeling up, half-hard again already as my sister turned to him. It was soon hard. He lay back on the bed.

"Climb on him, Tina And do yourself on that".

My sister didn't seem to need telling a second time, as she climb on, kneeling over him and lowering herself down on to his cock. 'Do herself' she did.

The next seemed as if it was obvious as I knew what Deepak was doing, So it seems did my sister. Kneeling behind her, Deepak pushed her forward. As he did so her hand went behind, grabbing his cock and guiding him. She let out a little cry as he pushed into her asshole. This time I really could not believe what I was seeing. My sister was taking it up the ass! My sister! Although I have seen my cousin, Max did that to her!

My hard-on was threatening to make it's own way out of my shorts.

Both Deepak and Rajesh declared that they're closed to coming and my sister told them to come inside her. And they did. First Deepak explode in her ass then rolled off. Then after a few moments later Rajesh drained in her.

When Rajesh spurted his cum into her, I pushed the door wide open, peeled down my shorts and said; "Now it's my turn!"

My sister called me up. I fucked her hard. We spent the next several hours in bed with my sister, eating our cum and being eaten. We fucked, sucked and screwed her and she did her best to return the favor. With three boys, there was always a hard-on ready to be poked into my sister, somewhere.

THE END