Punished by Mother, Sister and Wife Ch. 01
byRandomAuthor©

Author's Warning: This story is about a man who eventually earns a punishment by his Mother, Sister and his Wife. It contains dialog and scenes of bi-sexuality, panty fetish, submissiveness, sissification, and more. Don't read this story if those things bother you.

*

My hands were sweating and I could barely grip the steering wheel as I drove home. It was Friday afternoon, and I was caught in rush hour traffic. Looking at my watch, I was starting to panic.

I wasn't sure what to expect when I got home. I didn't know if Beth, my wife of less than six months, was going to be there waiting for me, or, my mother, or my little sister, Cassie. Maybe it would be none of them, or maybe, I'd find they would all be there waiting for me. The fact of the matter is that I didn't know what I was going to find when I walked in the front door. All I knew was that I was supposed to be there no later than 5:30 PM, and, as my wife put it, I better not be late.

My ordeal started less than a week earlier. It seemed like a lifetime ago because there had been very little conversation between Beth and I since last Saturday afternoon when Beth caught me sitting at my computer desk in our spare bedroom. I was dressed only in a pair of my little sister's stretchy, boyshort panties, typing away happily like I didn't have a care in the world. I was working diligently on one of my many erotic stories, trying to finish the final chapter, and my concentration level was so high, I didn't hear Beth come home to our little apartment.

I was so wrapped up with my writing, I don't even know how long she watched me before I realized she was there. To say she was shocked would be a gross misstatement. First, finding me wearing a pair of panties was a surprise, but when she read what I was writing over my shoulder, her surprise immediately turned into anger. And, believe me, I would have been fortunate if it had ended with her just being angry at me. But it got much, much worse.

My wife had actually walked right into the room and stood silently a few feet behind me as I typed. She read several paragraphs of the nasty story I was writing, and I'm guessing she even watched as I paused every few sentences and reached down into my sister's stolen panties to stroke my cock. And, honestly, I had no idea she had come back to the apartment early until she cleared her throat to announce her presence and yanked the flash drive out of the USB slot on the front of my computer.

So, the bottom line was this: that flash drive contained all the chapters of every nasty story I had ever written, dating back to when I was in high school, including the story I was trying finish at that time. It also contained pictures I'd downloaded from the internet, as well as certain, extremely compromising pictures I'd taken of myself. And every picture..... every story...... everything on that flash drive went along with my most heavily guarded secret. The secret I'd take to my grave if I had to.

It was something so secret I'd never mentioned it to anyone. Ever! It was something so shameful, I took great pains to keep it hidden from my wife. It was so shocking and so damning, I felt like my whole life was ending when she pulled that flash drive out of the computer and shoved it down into the pocket of her jeans.

If she wouldn't have taken the flash drive, I probably could have lied my way out of it -- made up some excuse about sitting there in the frilly panties. But, the drive contained proof positive that deep down inside, I wasn't really the athletic, macho kind of guy my wife thought she married. Instead, it contained the evidence of who I really was, or, better said -- who I wanted to be:

A submissive, panty wearing Sissy, who dreamed of being sexually dominated, controlled and humiliated by all the women in his life -- namely, my mother, my sister and my wife.

When Beth initially demanded an explanation, she hit me with a flurry of questions that came at me so fast, I wasn't sure where to begin. Why I was sitting at my desk in a pair of pink panties? Why was I writing filthy, nasty stories? How long had I been doing that? Why did I have a hard-on?

As she ranted, the only thing on my mind was getting that flash drive back. If I could just get it back from her, I might be able to talk my way out of this mess. But, she made it clear right away she wasn't giving it back until she had a chance to see what was on it. And when she told me that, a feeling of complete hopelessness and despair flooded over me -- I knew my marriage would be over and my secret would be out.

Then, on top of that, since she didn't recognize the panties I was wearing, she wanted to know where they came from. In retrospect, I should have told her the truth right then, admitting I'd taken them from my little sister's bathroom, but I lied and told her I'd bought them myself. That lie eventually came back to haunt me, but, how was I going to tell her the lace topped, pink boyshort panties belonged to my own sister?

When I wouldn't answer her questions, she got even madder and stormed out of the spare bedroom, walked across the hall into our master bedroom, slamming the door behind her and locking it. An hour later, she opened the door long enough to throw out my car keys, wallet, cell phone, and a complete change of clothes into a pile outside the door. When I knocked on the door pleading for a chance to talk to her, she told me she didn't want to talk to me, adding, "I think you should go stay at your Mom's house tonight. I don't want you here right now."

I know Beth well enough to know not to push her when she's like this, so, I dressed myself in the clothes she threw out in the hall and left our apartment. I called my mother from the car and asked if I could stay the night. Of course, she agreed, and twenty minutes later, I was standing at her front door. She asked me a lot of questions about what was going on with me and Beth, but, I told her it would blow over and I just needed a place to stay tonight until things cooled down.

It had been a while since I'd stayed over night at Mom's house. I stayed there for a week a year ago after Mom and Dad's divorce, and that was one of the most rewarding weeks of my life. I got to peek at my mother and my sister numerous times, seeing them dressing and undressing; in the bathroom, in the shower and in their nightclothes. I had full access to their clean and worn panties, and for that whole week, I wore either my sister's or my mother's panties under my clothes and they never suspected a thing.

The last time, though, was right out of one of my nasty stories. It was the night before my wedding -- the night of our rehearsal dinner. Mom had a few too many drinks, and when we got home, it was like she completely forgot I was supposed to stay there that night. Needless to say, I was able to sneak into her room after she passed out naked on her bed. I got to hold her warm, fresh panties to my nose and jack myself while I looked at her body, and even to this day, it remains one of the most erotic hours of my entire life.

Enough reminiscing......

Anyway, once I got to Mom's house, she put me in my old bedroom and it looked almost the same as when I used to live there. I sat there on my old bed with my head in my hands, trying to decide what I should do about Beth and the flash drive. My mother came in and sat next to me, trying to get me to tell her what happened, but, I told her it was too complicated to explain and asked if she could just let me have some time alone to think. After a few minutes, she hugged me, got up from the bed and suggested I try to take a nap. Then, she closed the door and left me alone to think about how I was going to get out of this mess.

I stretched out on my old bed and must have fallen asleep, not waking up until it was almost 8:00 PM. When I opened the door and looked out into the hallway, I found my Mom's house empty. Mom wasn't there and neither was my twenty year old sister, Cassie. I guessed they might have gone out, giving me some privacy hoping I would call my wife to try to patch things up, so that's what I did. But, when I called the apartment to plead with Beth to let me come home, it just rang and rang -- the message machine didn't even pick up. When I called Beth's cell phone, it went right to voice mail and I had no choice but to leave a message asking her to please call me back.

Finally, about 9:45 my sister, Cassie, walked through the front door followed closely by my mother. Neither one of them spoke to me when they saw me; they both walked right into the kitchen, ignoring me as if I wasn't there. Cassie was carrying one of those flimsy plastic bags like you get at the grocery store these days, and as I walked into the kitchen behind them to ask where they had been, Cassie dumped the bag out on the kitchen table and looked up at me.

There, in a pile right in front of my eyes, was the small collection of panties I'd taken from my sister and my mother over the last year, or so. I recognized them immediately, and as all the color drained from my face, I looked first at my sister and then at my mother. Mom was standing there with her hands on her hips, with the 'I can't believe you did this' look all over her face.

"Tom," my mother finally said to me, "do you want to try to explain to me why you had twelve pairs of your sister's and my panties at your apartment?"

I stood there for a minute and thought what I might say. Obviously, if they had these panties, they'd been over at the apartment with Beth and she probably told them how she found me in panties and what I was writing. They probably started snooping around in the boxes I had in the spare bedroom, and they probably found the other lingerie I'd hidden there and probably my toys, too. Holy shit.

"We left the rest of your lingerie there, Tom." Mother added. "We only took what we knew belonged to us. We left the rest in your hiding place with all your other, uh..... sex things."

My little sister reached down into the pile and pulled out one of the panties and held it up. "Do you have any idea how much just one pair of these costs?" Cassie asked. "There's over a hundred dollars worth of panties here you stole from us."

"I'm sorry." I said softly, hanging my head and turning my face away from them.

I decided I'd better say something more than that, so I looked up at my mother and started to speak, saying, "Mom, I'm really sorry. I don't know what got into me, and....."

"Tom, don't dig yourself in any deeper than you already are." Mom said. "Beth showed us a few of those stories you've been writing and it's plainly obvious to all of us why you took our panties. But," she paused for a second to take a deep breath, "I can't deal with this any more tonight. We'll talk more in the morning..... I'm going to bed."

As my mother turned to walk out of the kitchen, she stopped and looked at me. Then, reaching out to put her hand on my cheek, she said, "You know I love you, right?"

"I don't understand how we're going to deal with all this yet," Mom added softly, "but, you're still my son and I love you. And, believe it or not, I think Beth still loves you, too. So, if I were you, I'd be on my best behavior the next few days and try to do what you're told."

I forced myself to nod my head. Then, as she was leaving the room, she told me my wife had fed them dinner while they were at the apartment, and then turning to my sister, Mom asked if Cassie would make me something to eat.

"Sure, Mom." Cassie answered. "I'll make the perv some dinner."

Mom shook her head at my little sister's remark and left the kitchen, leaving me standing there next to the table full of panties I'd stolen from my Mom and Cassie. My sister and I just stared at each other for a minute, but eventually, Cassie took a few steps closer to me and whispered, "I can't believe you were stealing our dirty panties. That's really sick, you know?"

I didn't want to sit through a lecture from my little sister, so I told her not to worry about dinner, I was just going to go to bed. But, when I turned toward the doorway to leave the kitchen, she grabbed my arm and pulled me around to face her.

"Oh, no you don't." Cassie hissed at me. "You're going to sit down and answer my questions while I get you something to eat. You remember what Mom said about doing what you're told, don't you?"

I rolled my eyes and moved to the kitchen table and sat down facing my sister. Having just turned twenty and in college now, I guess she thought she could assert herself given the situation, but, I didn't argue. The last thing I needed right now was someone else mad at me, so I sat down.

"You were jacking off with my panties, huh?" Cassie asked. "And Mom's, too? Holding them up to your nose and sniffing the crotches while you jerked yourself?"

"Did it get you off?" She pressed. "Smelling your own sister's pussy?"

I didn't answer her. I just sat there letting her rant at me.

"You know," Cassie said in a snotty voice, "I read a few of those stories, myself. Like the one where I stripped you in your bedroom and made you jack off for me? I laughed when you wrote how I dressed you up in one of my nighties and made you wear my silky panties to bed. That's so sick, big brother."

"And, the one where Mom wakes you up in the morning and holds her wet panties over your face and makes you masturbate for her before you get out of bed." Cassie, added. "I can't even believe how you could ever come up with that kind of crap!"

"I'll have you know Mom read both of those stories." Cassie went on. "And we read the one where Mom made you lick between her legs after she'd had some man over to spend the night. Let me see....." Cassie mused for a moment, "What was it you said in that one? Oh yeah, I remember...... didn't you say something like how much you loved being made to lick sperm from a freshly fucked pussy?"

"But, the best one," Cassie said, "I think is the one where you begged Beth to go out and bring a guy home and let him fuck her in front of you. I really liked the part where you described getting on your knees and sucking his dick to get him hard so he could fuck your wife, Tom. I could tell you really got into writing that part, and the part where you licked his sperm out of your wife after he fucked her."

"Did you read all the stories?" I asked as bravely as I could.

"Are you kidding!" Cassie replied. "There was way too many to read while we were there. Those are just the ones Beth pointed out to us. But," Cassie said as her eyes lit up with joy, "and, you're gonna love this part, big brother....... your wife copied all your stories to CDs for us. So Mom and I now have our own private copies of your stories and we can read them as much as we like. Wasn't that thoughtful of her? Mom's probably in her room reading them on her laptop right now."

Cassie was intentionally trying to hurt me with what she was saying. I'm not trying to say she didn't have the right to be mad that I took her panties, but my sister seemed to be taking advantage of the situation in order to be hurtful. After listening to her, I realized how screwed I was going to be if they read every one of the stories that was on my flash drive. If they read them all, they would read some really shocking things, like how I peeked on both my mother and my sister every time I could; how I dreamed of Cassie making me suck off her boyfriends; how much I wanted my mother to strip me and expose me to Mrs. Hampton and her two daughters down the street; my desires to be stripped and dressed by my wife as a little girl, and then taken with a strap-on up my ass by my mother while my wife and sister watched. There was even a whole story centered around a theme where my wife allowed my mother and my sister to bathe me, shave my pubic hair, powder me, masturbate me and then dress me in my sister's lingerie -- all while my wife directed and watched the action. And as I sat there remembering all the stories I'd written since I was in high school, and, all the nasty things in those stories, I felt so utterly ashamed of myself, tears began to swell up in my eyes.

As my smarty-pants sister looked down on me, chastising me with her condescending tone, I started to cry as I sat there - slowly at first, but before I knew it, my emotions and shame overtook me and a moment later, tears were streaming down my face.

I was so ashamed. I hung my head and covered my face with my hands. I knew my sister, my mom and my wife would never look at me the same again once they read all those stories I'd written, and all I could do was cry. I didn't even care what Cassie thought -- at this point, why should I? After all this was over, I'd just wait until the divorce was final and then I'd quit my job, move away and change my name. That's was probably the only way out.

It had been a long time since I cried like that -- probably since I was ten or eleven years old. And I was just about to yell 'Fuck It', go get my car keys and leave that house and go find a hotel room for the night, but, Cassie surprised me by coming over next to me and putting her arms around my back.

"I'm sorry, Tom." She whispered. "I didn't mean to say those things."

I looked up at Cassie and she had tears in her eyes, too. "I didn't mean to hurt you like that. I'm so, so sorry."

I cried a little more and Cassie sat next to me until my crying stopped. I knew she felt hurt and violated by me taking her panties and writing stories about her, but, I think once she saw how much I was hurting, and once she realized what the implications would be for what I'd done, I think she genuinely felt sorry for me.

After a few more minutes, Cassie rubbed my back and stood up. Then, walking across the kitchen to the refrigerator, she said, "You're a good writer, Tom."

Then, as I looked up at her, she leaned into the refrigerator to take something out and added, "Really, I'm not kidding. Even your wife said the writing was good. And, I have to admit, some of it..... uh, you know...... really got to me."

She and I exchanged glances and she continued. "Mom was shocked at first when she started reading, but she read several of your stories before we left."

I was surprised to hear all this from my little sister. I would think if they were so repulsed at what I'd written, they wouldn't have read so many of them. I knew there must be hundreds of graphic and trashy paragraphs in those stories - about all three of them -- my sister, my mother and my wife. I wasn't sure if they would be able to separate out the sexual fantasy part of it from the things I had written which were true. Like, for example, I really did peek at my mother and my sister and I'd seen them naked many times. I definitely had taken their used panties to sniff and lick while I masturbated, and I'd also taken their clean ones to wear. I even found a pair of my sister's panties one Sunday morning that she probably wore out on her date the night before, and I think they had her boyfriend's cum in them -- and yes, I wrote about all of those things in my stories.

I was so absolutely, and, totally screwed.

Cassie made me a sandwich and put it on a plate with some chips and gave me a glass of water, and I started to eat. It was hard to sit there and eat when I knew she was just standing there, watching me...... her sick, perverted brother.

After a few minutes, she sat down across from me, slumped back in her chair and asked, "Tom, do you mind if we talk a little? I'm just curious about a few things. I promise I'll keep it just between us...... uh, I won't say anything to Mom or Beth."

"It depends on what you want to talk about." I answered. "And if you'll really keep it just between us."

"I promise you I won't repeat anything." Cassie said, softly. "Can I ask you a few questions?"

"Okay." I replied, looking up at her.

"Are you a cross dresser?" Cassie asked. "You know, one of those guys that dresses up all the way in women's clothes with wigs and make up"

"No." I said, shaking my head and taking a bite of the sandwich. "I've never done that, and, Cassie, I've never wanted to do that."

"Well, I asked that because all the stories I read seemed to have a common theme, Tom." Cassie said. "You dressing up in panties. Or frills and ruffles, or little nighties. All girl's clothes."

"Panties, yes." I answered. "But, I've never worn any other women's clothes."

"You've never put on a bra?" Cassie inquired.

"Okay, I've worn a bra, too. But that's all." I replied.

"What about those other things?" My sister asked.

"What do you mean?" I asked, in return.

"I guess what I mean is," Cassie said, "all those things in your stories...... like being submissive and being exposed, or having someone dress you up like a girl. Is that something you'd really like to do if you could?"

"Maybe." I answered, honestly. "But, there's no chance of that now, so it doesn't matter anymore. I'm sure Beth's going to leave me, and you and Mom will probably disown me once you read all those stories and see what I wrote about you guys."

"Tom," Cassie said, looking over at me, "Beth said tonight she still loved you. She said she was hurt and confused, but, she said she still loved you."

"Cassie, there were probably twenty-five full length stories she took from me." I replied. "And each of them had, on the average, six or seven chapters. There's no way she's read even a tenth of what I've written, and I'm sure once she reads it all, she's going to decide she's better off without me. So, like I said, I'm probably on my own now."

"But," Cassie interrupted, "be honest with me if you can, okay?"

I nodded as I took a bite of my sandwich and followed it with a drink of water.

"If you had someone you could talk to about this stuff," Cassie said, "and if you had someone that would help you do these things, and if you didn't have to worry about being judged or ridiculed, would you really want that? Someone to make all this happen for you?"

"Yes." I said, quietly, not looking up at her. "But it's too late for that."

"How about some of those other things I read?" Cassie asked. "Like being dominated? Being a Sissy? Or, being stripped and forced to masturbate? What about all that?"

"You're getting very personal now." I said to Cassie.

"Tom," she replied, "I told you I wouldn't say anything to anyone, remember? This is just between us. Cross my heart."

"Cassie," I answered, as I finished eating, "I've had those kinds of thoughts since I was in high school..... that's when I started writing those stories. All through college, I struggled with it. When I fell in love with Beth, I thought she'd be enough to satisfy those longings, but, she wasn't enough."

"So, just answer my question honestly." My little sister said.

"Yes." I answered, looking up at her to see reaction. "All those things I wrote about -- yes, I'd like to experience that if I could."

Cassie sat there for a moment and then reached over and picked up the plate from in front of me. Standing up, she walked over to the counter and set the plate by the sink. Then, she came over and stood next to the table. I looked up at her from where I was sitting and after a few seconds she said, "If your wife won't help you....... if she won't do those things for you, then I will."

I wasn't sure I heard her right. "Huh?" I said.

"Wait right here." Cassie said. "I'll be right back."

As Cassie turned and left, I tried to recall if she said what I just thought she said. That wasn't possible at all, was it? Was my little sister offering to dominate me? To make me a Sissy? To do all those other things? My head was spinning, and I convinced myself I either misunderstood or misheard her. There was no way in hell she said what I thought she said.

After about five minutes, Cassie came back into the kitchen. She had changed into a knee length nightshirt, but, since it was almost eleven o'clock at night, I didn't think too much of it.

"Come with me." My little sister said.

"What?" I asked.

"Come on." Cassie said, walking to the table and grasping my hand.

As she led me out of the kitchen, she shut off the light and started pulling me up the stairs. Half way up, she stopped and turned to me, whispering, "Ssshhhh. Mom's still up." Then she pulled me the rest of the way up the stairs, past my room and straight into her room. She let go of my hand and went to her dresser and pulled open one of her drawers.

Then, she stepped aside and looked at me. "Pick out a pair of panties." Cassie said. "You can have your pick of any of them, then you can pick out one of my nighties to wear to bed. Just like in that story I read."

Immediately, I shook my head and took a step backwards. I intended to leave, but, she reached out and grasped my elbow saying, "I won't ever make this offer again if you walk out."

Her words sliced through me like a knife, and as I stood there thinking about it, I realized what she was doing. Cassie was giving me a chance to live out one of the fantasies in my stories. She was going to let me pick out a pair of her panties, and one of her nighties to wear to bed. As my face turned red with embarrassment, I was filled with desire to take her up on her offer. But, if I did, would she keep it a secret from my mother and from Beth? On the other hand, I didn't know when I'd ever get the chance again, so with a severely red face, I walked up to her panty drawer stood there.

"Go ahead." Cassie said. "No one will ever know but the two of us. Pick any pair you want, then you can choose from some of those old, silky nighties I used to wear."

I could feel my pulse shooting through the veins in my neck, and my throat got so dry, I could barely swallow. But, all that seemed to go away when my hands reached into the sea of different color panties that filled her panty drawer, and as I touched them, I felt my cock start to harden.

One by one, I pulled out pairs I was interested in and held them up to look at them. Cassie stood next to me the whole time and as I looked through her panties, I wondered what was going through her head as she watched her big brother going through her panties. I didn't look at her -- I just couldn't bear to, but, after a short time, I came across a pair of yellow rayon panties that were very silky and full cut, similar to the kind I liked to wear.

"These." I said, softly.

"Okay." Cassie said as she reached up to close her panty drawer. Then, leaning down, she opened up the very bottom drawer and reached in to take out some old swim suits that were lying on top of the clothes in that drawer. When she did, I saw three or four silky nighties -- the kind younger girls wear that come with colorful, matching panties.

"Most of these got too stretched out for me," Cassie explained, "and they'll probably be pretty short on you, but, it's the best I can do right now. Go ahead and pick one."

I looked at Cassie as I held her yellow panties in my hand. "Why are you doing this?" I asked.

"Because you need it." She replied. "And, because I want to."

I accepted her answer as being the truth and kneeled down to the drawer and picked up a light purple nightie I remember seeing her wear. As I held it up, I imagined myself in it. Cassie reached out, took it from my hands and told me to stand up. When I did, she held the silky nightie up against my chest. It only came down to my waist, but, with my slim build, it looked like it would fit over my shoulders and around my chest.

"This is about the biggest one I have." Cassie said, looking up into my eyes. "But, I think it would work for just one night. Want to give it a try?"

My throat felt so thick, I couldn't even answer her. Between that and the blush of embarrassment that ran over my face, all I could do is nod, so I nodded and squeaked out an almost inaudible, "Okay."

Bending down to push the dresser drawer closed, she reached over and took the yellow panties from me and held them in the same hand that had her nightie. Then, she reached out for my hand and led me out of her room, down the hall and into my old room.

Cassie closed the door after she pulled me in. As soon as she did, my mind started to freak out faced with the possibility she might actually try to follow the story line in the story she already read, and try to strip me naked. Not only that, but, if she followed the story to the letter, it would get much worse for me. She'd make me masturbate and then she'd dress me in her nightie and her panties, and put me to bed. The prospect of all of it was working on me, and my cock was bulging against my jeans.

Cassie and I looked at each other for a bit and then she shrugged her shoulders and flipped her hair back behind her shoulders. I watched in rapt fascination as she reached her hands up under her nightshirt and without me seeing anything, drew the panties she was wearing down her legs and stepped out of them.

My little sister held her panties up, stretching them out between her two hands with the crotch facing me. "If you do exactly as I ask, I'll let you keep these tonight while you sleep. You'll have to give them back in the morning, but, you can have them all night. Understand?"

The heat on my cheeks became unbearable and even my eyes started to hurt. My heart was thumping in my chest and my cock lurched at the thought of Cassie voluntarily giving me her panties. Sure, I'd have to give them back, but having her fresh panties -- the actual panties she was just wearing and took off in front of me, for a whole night would be more than I could have ever prayed for.

"Okay." I said, nervously.

"I'm serious, Tom." Cassie warned. "If you don't do exactly as I say, or if you hesitate even a few seconds, you won't get them."

"I understand." I replied, shaking as I said it.

Cassie stepped forward and handed me her freshly worn panties. "Don't do anything with those yet." She said. "Just hold them for now."

With that, Cassie reached down and placed her hands on the button of my jeans, then, looking up at me, flipped the button open and reached for the zipper.

"Just stand still." Cassie said. "Don't move or I'm walking out of here and I'll take the panties with me."

"Cassie," I said, quickly, "look, I need to warn you. I'm..... uh....... a little excited right now."

"You mean excited as in, you've got a hard-on?" She asked.

I nodded my head up and down, and my little sister smiled. "I was wondering if you'd be hard already."

But, that didn't seem to deter her from her plan. I watched intently as my little sister pulled the zipper down and opened the flap of my jeans. Then, smiling up at me, tugged my jeans down to my thighs, leaving me standing there with a hard-on tucked inside the same pink, lace topped boyshorts Beth caught me in this afternoon. Of course, when Beth angrily threw my clothes into the hallway, she didn't give me any of my real underwear to put on, so I had no choice other than to wear the boyshort panties she caught me in.

"I knew it!" Cassie whispered as she took a step back to get a better look at her missing boyshorts. "I wondered what happened to those. I looked all over for them, Tom. I only wore them once and thought I threw them in the laundry hamper."

"That's where I got them," I replied, ".....from your bathroom hamper."

"When Beth described to us what you were wearing when she found you, I told her they were probably mine since the ones I had so mysteriously disappeared." Cassie added. "So, I guess that means your wife, and our Mom knows you were wearing my panties today."

"Oh, that's just great." I said, sarcastically.

Cassie stepped forward and pulled my jeans the rest of the way down and told me to step out of them. As I did, she lifted my shirt and looked down at my crotch, staring at my hard-on as it throbbed inside her panties. I felt extremely embarrassed as I stood there -- not only because I was in her panties, but also because my cock was hard and I knew she could easily see it pushing against the material of her stolen panties.

"How do you feel?" My little sister asked, looking down at my straining cock.

"I'm not sure." I answered. "Embarrassed as hell, I guess."

"No Tom." She said, almost interrupting me. "Are you nervous? Turned on? Humiliated?"

"All that." I replied.

"Do you want me to stop?" Cassie asked.

"No." I said, shyly.

"You know I'm going to undress you all the way, don't you?" Cassie asked. "You're going to be completely naked in a minute. You still want me to continue knowing I'm going to strip you and you'll be standing in front of your little sister with a hard-on?"

Now I knew exactly what her plan was. And, it didn't take Sherlock Holmes to figure out she was probably trying to follow my story line to the letter, and that meant I'd be masturbating in front of my sister once she had me naked. That fact caused my cock to lurch inside the panties, and when she saw it jerk, Cassie giggled and said, "I'll take that as a 'Yes'."

I was caught by surprise when my little sister hooked her fingers into the waistband of the pink boyshorts and pulled them right down to my knees. Immediately, my cock popped out, pointing toward the ceiling and swaying back and forth. Cassie smiled and reached down to wrap her hand around my shaft, giving it a hard squeeze as soon as her fingers wrapped solidly around it.

I closed my eyes and gasped as she squeezed me tightly. "Stand still, big brother." Cassie whispered up to me. "I'm not going to hurt you. But, I think you owe me some liberties given how long you've been sneaking around peeking at me and stealing my panties."

I gasped as she began tugging on my cock. And, Cassie giggled as she moved her hand up and down my pretentious pole.

"You didn't know I knew you were sneaking peeks at me, did you?" Cassie hissed. "Mom knew you were peeking at her, too, she told me in the car on the way home from your apartment. She made some excuse about guys just being curious about the female body, but, I think it's more than that."

My little sister continued to tug on me, and when a drip of precum bubbled up at the end of my cock, she touched it with the tip of her finger and held it up in front of my face. Then, without saying a word, Cassie rubbed her finger around my lips and then thrust her finger straight into my mouth.

"Suck it." She whispered up to me.

Without thinking, I did as she asked, sucking her finger and using my tongue to rub off the thick, slippery precum from her slimy digit.

"Still feel embarrassed?" Cassie asked as I sucked her finger.

I shook my head slightly from side to side and my little sister giggled at me. Her hand started to stroke me again, but, after about fifteen seconds, she suddenly stopped and let go of my cock.

"You're going to masturbate for me in a few minutes." She said. "Then we'll see how embarrassed you feel."

Cassie left the panties at my knees and started to unbutton my shirt. When she was done, she pulled it from my shoulders and then pulled my undershirt over my head. At that point, I was virtually naked, except for her panties. Then, unceremoniously, she reached down and pushed the panties down and pulled them from around my feet, one foot at a time.

"These are mine, big brother." Cassie said, waving the pink boyshorts in front of me. "From now on, no more stealing my panties. If you want them, you need to come to me and ask me directly. If I find you taking even one more pair of panties without my permission, I promise there's going to be trouble. Got it?"

I couldn't believe what she was saying. If I heard her right, she just told me I could ask for her panties and I wouldn't have to steal them anymore. I was floored by the implication she was making, but, my cock appreciated her offer and I felt it twitch in gleeful agreement.

"Got it?" She asked again. "No more taking my panties without my permission."

"Yeah, I got it." I replied.

"Okay," Cassie said excitedly, "you're naked and it's time for the big show."

Cassie scooted around me and sat on the bed, then told me to come stand in front of her. So, I turned and took the few steps over to the bed and stopped two or three feet in front of her.

"I don't think so, Tom." She said, giggling up at me. "Get closer. I want to see this up close. I just love seeing a guy stroke his cock."

I moved closer to her, but apparently I still wasn't close enough. She rectified that by grabbing my hips and pulling me toward her -- stopping when my cock was no more than six or seven inches from her face.

"Now," she said, "I want to see exactly what you've been doing with my panties all this time, so start sniffing and jacking yourself. But, tell me before you cum."

I looked down at my little sister and she had a serious look on her face. I remembered what she said about following her directions, or, she'd take her panties back, so I reached down and took hold of my cock and started stroking.

I have to admit, stroking my cock in front of my sister while I was completely naked was more exciting than I ever thought it would be. Cassie's eyes were open wide and she was staring at my cock as my hand moved up and down its length. I could feel my face was flushed and red, and my legs were trembling. But, I was so turned on -- I couldn't believe I was actually doing this and I couldn't believe how hard my cock was.

"How does it feel?" She asked, glancing up at me. "Does it feel good?"

"Yeah," I moaned as I stroked, "it feels really good."

"So, you're not embarrassed to be masturbating in front of your little sister?" She asked.

"No." I answered. "I've dreamed about doing this for a long time."

"Oh, good." Cassie replied. "Then maybe I'll make you do it for me again. I bet you'd like that wouldn't you?"

"Oh, yes." I said, as I looked down and saw her smiling up at me.

"And, how do you like sniffing my panties?" She posed, after another minute of stroking went by. "I wore them all day today."

I was about to answer her when she said, "I bet you'd like them more if they were soaking wet with my pussy juice, wouldn't you? You'd be sucking and licking the crotch of those panties to get every molecule of my juices out, wouldn't you?"

I thought about what she said, and it was true. I'd sucked the crotch of her panties before, and if these had been wet with her girl lube, I would have devoured the gusset of her panties, licking them clean of every trace. And, as I thought about that, the combination of smelling her vaginal aroma and jerking my cock right in front of her, I felt the first stirrings of my climax begin.

"I'm going to cum soon." I said, almost panting. "It won't be too long."

"Don't stop." Cassie said, watching my hand as it flew up and down my cock. "Tell me when you know you're a few seconds away."

I kept masturbating as I looked down at her. She glanced up at my face every few seconds to see if I was there yet, and when I knew I was right at the point where I was going to cum, I told her so, saying, "Okay, I'm getting ready to cum."

My sister quickly reached up and pulled her panties away from my face, stretched her panties open and held the cotton crotch a few inches away from the head of my dick. "Shoot your cum into my panties." Cassie instructed. "And you better not get any on me...... I want it all right there in the crotch panel."

As soon as she finished talking, I felt it boil up and I knew from the strength of the first contraction it was going to be a big cum. And, I was right.

The first spurt was a long, thick ribbon of cum. I pointed my cock into her opened panties and it splattered right into the middle of the crotch panel, followed by another six or seven strong spurts that made large pools of thick, white cum along side my first deposit. Then, it trailed off to dribbles of cum and I inched my cock closer to her panties and let it drip onto the crotch.

It was the longest cum I can remember having for a long time, probably because of the way she took control and ordered me to do it, and when I looked down inside her panties, I felt proud of the fact that I was able to spew so much cum in front of her.

"That's a lot of sperm, big brother." Cassie said, softly. "Too bad for you, though."

Then, looking up at me, my little sister smiled a sinister smile and said, "I've always wanted to do something like this......."

And with that, Cassie stood up in front of me and brought her panties up to my face and held the crotch open. "If you ever want me to watch you jerk off again," she whispered, "you need to lick this up. All of it."

It felt like time started moving in slow motion as she pushed the panties closer and closer to my mouth, and when it got close enough, my mouth automatically opened and my tongue came out. And, as if I was having some kind of out of body experience, I started to lick up the globs of my own warm cum as she held the crotch panel open for me.

Time after time, my tongue lapped at the wet fabric, bringing my sperm into my mouth and then going back for more. Cassie's eyes were glued to me as I cleaned her panties, and once I'd licked off the obvious globs of cum, she told me to swallow, and once I did, she stuffed the soiled fabric in my mouth and told me to suck the rest out.

She let go of her panties and left them dangling from my mouth as I sucked. A feeling came over me that was the pinnacle of all my dreams and fantasies, and as I closed my eyes and sucked the wet material, I melted away in the blissful realization of what I'd just done. It felt so decadent and absolutely nasty, but, I loved every minute of it -- the mix of embarrassment, humiliation and the submission I felt. At that exact instant, I knew without a doubt in my mind I'd have to experience these feelings again. It was just too good to ignore, and even though I knew I'd just done the nastiest thing of my whole life, I still loved the feeling that was coursing through my body.

When I opened my eyes, Cassie was just standing there, watching me. After another minute, she reached up and pulled her panties gently from my mouth and checked the crotch panel of her panties to make sure I cleaned all my cum from them. I knew they were clean, believe me, after the way I sucked them, and after a few seconds, she smiled up at me and simply said, "That was absolutely the hottest thing I've ever seen."

I felt myself turn red knowing she'd just complimented me on the way I'd sucked my warm sperm from her panties. For a second, a huge rush of remorse flooded over me, but, I didn't have time to think about that because my sister brought me back to reality when she reached out and put her hand on my chest.

"Was it everything you thought it would be?" Cassie asked, patting my chest with the palm of her hand.

"Absolutely." I replied, smiling back at her.

"It wasn't too much?" She asked, sweetly.

"No," I answered, "it was embarrassing as hell, but, I'm glad I did it."

"Then," Cassie asked me, "you'll want to do something like this again?

"Oh sure." I said, eagerly. "I'd love that."

My sister gave me a cute smile and told me to sit down on the bed. When I did, Cassie leaned over to pick up the purple nightie she let me borrow and held it up. "Arms up." She said, and when I put them up, she slipped the bottom hem of the silky nightie over my arms and pulled it down to my shoulders.

"I enjoyed it, too." She said, as she pulled the purple nightie down my chest and stepped back to take a look at it. "I'm going to read the rest of your stories and see what else might be fun to do. I really like the idea of dressing you up like a little girl..... I think that would be a lot of fun."

"You know," she said as she looked at the way the nightie fit me, "that doesn't look half bad at all. I don't even think it's that tight on you."

I looked down, moved my arms around and she was right. It was a little tight, but, it wasn't bad and I knew I could sleep in it. Then, she pulled me up and reached down to gently take my cock in her hand.

"I'm not a virgin, Tom." She began. "I've had a few boyfriends and I've done some crazy things with them. But," she continued, "it's always been a fantasy of mine to have a guy masturbate himself right in front of me, and, I'd be lying if I didn't say it was totally hot watching you do it and then see you eat your own cum. So, tonight we did something for each other, and I wasn't kidding -- I really enjoyed it and I hope we'll have an opportunity like this again."

Cassie looked down at my semi hard cock in her hand and then looked back up at me.

"And let me just say this," Cassie added, "You have a very nice cock. It's a little bigger than any of my boyfriends had, and, it's a little thicker, too. I sure hope your wife has been appreciating it, but, if she hasn't, remember what I said earlier....... if you need someone to help you with what you need, I'd like to be the person to do that."

She then let go of my cock and reached for the yellow panties I picked out of her panty drawer. Kneeling down in front of me, she held the silky panties open for me to step into, and gently pulled them up my legs and set them on my hips. Then, giggling, she reached inside the panties and adjusted my half hard cock so it was lying against my belly and then carefully adjusted the panties so they were straight in the front.

"There." She said, looking down at her handiwork. "Nice fit, actually, and if you don't mind me saying this, you actually look pretty hot wearing panties, Big Brother."

I smiled at her comment, and she giggled a little as she reached out to put her hand around the bulge in the front of the panties she put me in and gave me a gentle squeeze. "Look, there's something I just have to ask you." She said. "If I do, can you tell me the honest truth?"

"Yeah, probably," I answered, sitting back down on the bed, "but, it depends on what you're going to ask. I don't want to get myself into any more trouble."

"Fair enough." Cassie replied. "What I was wondering was, uh..... why or how, exactly, did you start sniffing my panties?"

"I mean, was it because they were easy to get?" She asked. "Or because you saw me in them? Or what?"

I felt it was a reasonable question for her to ask me, and after what she'd just done with me -- living out one of my stories with me, letting me jerk off in front of her and dressing me up in her panties and nightie, I guess she deserved an answer.

"Honestly," I began, "the very first time, it was because of your smell. I found a pair on the floor of your room. You'd gone out one night with your friends and probably just left them there when you were changing clothes."

I explained how they were still tucked into a pair of her shorts, as if she'd quickly pulled her shorts and panties down at the same time, stepped out of them and left them there on the floor just like that. As I looked down at them, the crotch of her panties was staring up at me.

I told her how I looked at them for several minutes, realizing I was looking right at the exact spot -- right at the crotch of her panties -- right at the piece of material that had been touching her pussy. And, as I looked at her panties, it occurred to me that it was normal for a girl's vagina to be moist and leak her natural secretions to be soaked up by the cotton panel in the crotch of her underwear.

So, logically, it made sense that her panties would smell like her pussy, and what guy would turn down a chance to know how a girl's pussy smelled? "It was an easy decision to make." I told her.

"I picked them up and smelled them." I told her. "And when I did, I was immediately blown away by your smell. After that," I added, "I used to check your room, the bathroom and your hamper for panties any time I got the chance."

"You smell nice down there, Cassie." I said, looking up at her. "It seemed like such a waste to let them go unused."

"I see." My little sister said after looking at me and thinking about what I'd said.

"You think I smell good?" She asked. "And it turned you on to smell my pussy?"

I nodded my head in shame and told her that was the truth. Then, stepping in front of me, she slowly reached down and slipped her hand under the hem of her nightshirt. I wasn't able to see much with her nightshirt hanging over her wrist, but I knew she didn't have any panties on, and if she was touching down there, she was probably touching her bare pussy.

I looked up at her. "Just watch." Cassie whispered.

And I did just that. I watched as she spread her feet apart and pushed her hand deeper into her crotch. I couldn't see her pussy clearly, but I caught brief glimpses of bare skin as her hand worked between her legs. I wish she would have lifted her nightshirt so I could have seen my little sister's pussy, but I was so excited about what she was doing, I just kept staring.

"I'm so wet." I heard her moan as her fingers obviously slipped past her lips and directly into her vagina.

I could hear the squishy sound of her fingers as it invaded the wetness of her pussy, and when I glanced up at her, her eyes were closed and it looked like she was in deep concentration as she touched herself.

My cock was starting to get hard again as I watched her, not more than a foot in front of me. Like most men, I've always loved the idea of a woman touching herself, and even though she had her nightshirt on, this was an incredible turn on.

Suddenly, she stopped and pulled her hand out from under her nightshirt and looked down at me. "Don't move." She said. "Just sit there and don't move."

After saying it, she raised the hand that had been down between her legs and rubbed her fingers against my upper lip and around my nostrils. Then, plunging her hand back down under her nightshirt, she fingered herself for several more seconds and got them wet again. Answering my prayers, she pulled her hand out and wiped her wet fingers around my mouth and all over my lips.

Again, she pushed her hand down between her legs and soaked her fingers with her pussy juice. And one more time, she pulled them out. But, this time, she held her fingers in front of my mouth.

"Lick." Cassie, said in a quiet, soft voice. "I want you to go to sleep tonight with the smell of my pussy on your face, and my taste in your mouth."

Looking up at her to make sure she was serious, I opened my mouth and took her fingers between my lips and sucked her fresh vaginal secretions from her fingers. She looked down at me approvingly as I did it, and I think she was surprised that I put so much effort into cleaning her fingers, sucking and licking them as she held them out for me.

When I was done, she pulled her fingers from my mouth. "The only thing left," she said, "is to send you to bed."

"I think I followed your story pretty close, didn't I?" She asked. "I mean the major parts, anyway. Right?"

"Well you added some, but, I like your version better." I replied, chuckling.

Cassie reached down and picked up the panties she told me I could keep overnight and handed them to me. "No tugging on your yourself tonight, okay?" She said to me. "I'm giving you my panties like we agreed, but, I don't want you lying in bed all night pulling that cock of yours. I'll find some way to take care of you tomorrow if you'll promise me that."

"And speaking of tomorrow," she added, "you realize I have to act mad about what you did in front of Mom and Beth, right? What we did tonight can't change any of the past, and from Mom and Beth's point of view, I think you're really in the shit house. So, don't get mad at me if I'm a little hard on you when they're around. Okay?"

I told Cassie I understood that what we did tonight was just between us, and I didn't expect her to go easy on me in front of my mother, or my wife. I also gave her my promise I'd keep my hands off my cock, but, as soon as I said it, I wondered how I was going to keep that promise. Having just lived out one of my fantasies, not to mention the fact that she'd dressed me in one of her silky nighties and panties, and given me the panties she was wearing -- it was going to be hard to keep from stroking my cock again.

Then, before I knew it, she was reaching to the side of me, pulling the comforter, pillow and the sheets down from the top of the bed, and then tenderly pushing me back onto the mattress, telling me to lie down. And as I stretched out, she pulled the sheets back up my body and looked down at me.

"I don't know anything about Sissies." She said. "But, I'll see what I can find on the internet. Right now, I want you to stay in bed until Mom or I come to get you up, and remember what I said..... no jerking off tonight."

For a minute, I felt like a kid being tucked in bed. And, you know, it actually felt really nice. For once, I could go to sleep satisfied and fulfilled, and while I felt a little guilty it wasn't my wife that made me feel like this, I think I deserved to have at least one fantasy fulfilled -- especially with the imminent demise of my marriage lying ahead of me.

So, as my little sister walked toward the door and reached for the door handle, I told her goodnight and I thanked her for what she did for me.

"I'm just curious, Tom," Cassie said, pausing before she opened the door, "have you ever done anything with another guy? Have you ever sucked a cock?"

"No." I replied. "I've never done anything with another guy."

"Well," Cassie said, softly, "if I asked you to do it, would you do it for me? Suck a real cock?"

Instantly I blushed, knowing what my answer was going to be. And as I felt my face turn a bright shade of red, I looked at her and said, "Yes" while nodding my head.

"I was hoping you'd say that." She answered. "That's something I'd like to see very much, Tom."

I started to say something, but she held her fingers to her lips.

"Ssshhh." She said. "Go to sleep now." And, as she shut off my light, she quietly closed my door and left me in the silent darkness of my old room, dressed in her nightie and her panties, and with a pair of her worn panties that she let me keep until morning.

To be continued.

Punished by Mother, Sister and Wife Ch. 02
byRandomAuthor©

After my little sister, Cassie, put me to bed, turned off the light and left my room, I pushed down the covers and thought about what she'd done with me. My heart was still beating fast, and I pulled the panties she gave me up to my face, rubbed the silky material against my cheek and pressed the crotch against my nose searching for her familiar feminine smell. When I found it, my cock started to harden again and I instinctively reached down to grab my hardening member.

But, remembering my promise to Cassie that I wouldn't masturbate during the night, I pulled my hand back and closed my eyes tightly as I lie alone in the darkness and solitude of my childhood bedroom. Being back home and sleeping in my old bed felt strange, especially under the current circumstances. Having been kicked out of our apartment by my wife when she caught me sitting at the computer, writing nasty stories dressed in those girly panties really wasn't a reason to celebrate my homecoming.

I wondered what she was doing now – my wife, Beth, I mean. Was she jumping for joy, anticipating an opportunity to end our marriage? Or, was she lying in bed, crying her eyes out because she missed her husband? Maybe, she was sitting at the computer scanning the flash drive she took from me - reading my stories, looking at the pictures and discovering all my secret desires. Whatever she was doing, I hoped she'd check the voice mail on her cell phone and listen to the message I left her, begging her to let me come home.

After a while, I finally decided it was hopeless to concentrate on what Beth was going to do. What ever was going to happen, was going to happen. She would decide where to go from here, and I wouldn't hold it against her or fight her if she wanted to call it quits.

Yes, I loved Beth, but, I knew in my heart I betrayed her on so many different levels. I lusted after my secret desires in the way I should have lusted after her.... my wife. I never cheated on her - I never had an affair or did anything online. But, I was addicted to writing those erotic stories because they were my only real opportunity to live the life I wanted to live, and even though it was only on paper, it was all I had.

Those pictures on the flash drive........ well, that was a different story altogether. I took them one day when Beth left early in the morning for work and I knew she wouldn't be home until late. I went through all her lingerie and picked out the pieces I liked, and laid it all out on the bed in our room. At first, I was just going to put everything on, one item at a time, to see which things turned me on the most, But, in a moment of weakness, I found myself setting up the camera and using the self timer feature to take pictures of me in the silky things I liked the best.

Unfortunately, it turned into a full fledged hard-on and masturbation session, and I stupidly kept taking pictures. Then, instead of deleting them, I put them in a folder on that flash drive with my stories and simply left them there. I'm not sure why I didn't delete them, but believe me, I sure wish I had.

In total, there were probably fifty pictures of me in bras and panties, many with an obvious erection and quite a few with me stroking myself. I knew when she found the pictures she'd probably be sickened by them, and that in itself might seal my fate and be enough to convince her to end our marriage.

So, after chastising myself and emotionally coming to grips with the fact that my marriage was undoubtedly over, I tucked my little sister's panties under the pillow and rolled over toward the wall and drifted off to sleep.

I woke up around six the next morning with the brilliant idea I'd get in my car and drive home and make a surprise breakfast in bed for Beth. But, I decided against doing that once I realized she might still be seething mad at me and she might not want me anywhere close to her. So, accepting my fate to let time run its course, I got out of bed and snuck into the hall bathroom to pee.

Standing there in front of the toilet, I looked at my reflection in the vanity mirror and recalled the previous night with my little sister. I looked silly, standing there in her silky panties and her stretched out purple nightie. But, I didn't care. In fact, for some insane reason, I felt proud to be wearing her clothes – it felt like I'd finally achieved something...... finally realized one of my dreams, and for once, I'd spent a whole night as me, the way I wanted to be.

But it wasn't just the fact that Cassie let me wear her nightie and her panties. The events of last night were, without a doubt, the single most erotic, and sexually fulfilling chain of experiences in my whole life. The things she did to me where the things my dreams and stories were made of. It was the perfect mix of submission, dominance and exhibitionism. And, during the whole thing, Cassie was nothing less than gracious and tender with me. She was unbelievably gentle in her manner and in the way she spoke to me, but, she was firm in the way she took control and led me exactly to where I wanted to be.

It was embarrassing, sure. But, as she stripped me and made me masturbate in front of her, a feeling of complete exuberance and inner joy filled my entire soul as she did something no one has ever done for me – she brought my dreams to life.

And while my little sister was doing these things, I abandoned every other reaction to embrace what she was doing. So now, having had the chance to actually experience a taste of my desires, I wasn't sure if I was willing to go back to my clandestine persona where I lived my dreams solely in my writing.

Time would end up being my master in all of this, I finally resigned myself to believe. Beth would definitely read my stories and look at my pictures, and then she'd make a decision on what she wanted to do. If she took me back, I don't know how we'd be able to exist as a couple without some capitulation and acceptance of my needs. I didn't want to lose her, but, I could no longer live my life in secret.

I finished in the bathroom and snuck back to my room and climbed back in bed. Since it was still early on that Sunday morning, I drifted back to a gentle sleep and didn't wake up until some time later. When I opened my eyes, though, I was startled to see my mother sitting in a chair by the side of the bed, watching me sleep.

She was in her robe, sitting there quietly and sipping a cup of coffee. The door was closed and when I looked up at her, she smiled sweetly and said, "Good morning."

I pulled the sheets up to my neck, trying to hide the fact I was wearing my little sister's nightie, but, apparently, my mother had been in my bedroom for a while and already seen me wearing it as I slept.

"Did your sister give you this to sleep in last night?" Mother asked, softly, as she leaned forward and pulled the sheet several inches down my chest.

"Yes," I answered, blushing, "she did."

"I'm a little surprised." Mom replied. "She was hopping mad at you when we were at your apartment talking with Beth. And when we came home, I had to make her promise she wouldn't attack you with a knife before I let her get out of the car."

"We had a long talk last night before I went to bed." I explained. "And, I told her I was sorry for everything I did to you and her."

"That was nice of you." Mom replied. "And it looks like she probably accepted your apology." Mom said, pointing down to the nightie I was wearing.

Then, after a few moments, Mom went on to tell me stayed up a while last night reading more of my writing. "You're a fine writer, Tom." She said. "Many of your stories are told with such realism, and the pictures you paint with your words are vivid and they have dramatic texture. A few of them really made me stop and think about things"

"I'm surprised to hear you say that." I answered. "I wouldn't have expected any of you to compliment me on my writing. Which stories did you read?"

Mother smiled and her face turned red. "Never mind about that." She said nervously. "What I meant is that you have a flair for writing. Maybe it's something you should consider as an occupation, that's all."

"And Tom," Mother added, "I've been thinking about all this...... about you and Beth, your sister and me, the panties...... and all the stories."

Mom went on to say she read one of my stories that was dated years ago, while I was still living at home...... while I was a senior in high school.

"I never realized you wished you were a girl, Tom." She said, softly. "A mother should have picked up on something like that, and I'm sorry I didn't."

"All those years - you were jealous of your sister and me." She added. "You were envious of us because we were girls, and you weren't."

"Last night," Mom continued, "I read what you wrote about how you used to love climbing into bed with me in the morning and cuddling up against me when it was cold in the house – back when you were really young. I used to wear those full length nightgowns that were so soft and silky, and, I'd hold you until you warmed up and then you'd fall back asleep."

"Do you remember sitting on the bathroom counter, watching me while I fixed my hair and did my makeup?" Mom asked. "Or how I used to put clear fingernail polish on your nails?"

"Tom," she said, pausing until I looked up at her, "you always liked girl things....... you liked anything that was silky or frilly or soft, and as I read that story last night, I felt like I'd failed you for not recognizing what you needed."

"You didn't fail me, Mom." I said. "And it's not entirely the case that I wanted to be a girl."

"Not entirely?" My mother said. "What does that mean?"

"It's complicated and embarrassing, Mom." I replied.

"It's too complicated to talk to your own mother about?" She asked. "And too embarrassing? More embarrassing than those pictures I saw last night?"

My eyes shot open. "You saw the pictures?" I asked, horrified.

"Your wife showed me some of them." Mom said, calmly. "Don't worry," she added, trying to calm my nerves, "your sister was in the bathroom and she didn't see any of them. She doesn't even know there are pictures."

"Shit." I said, slumping back in the bed.

"So, what does that mean – when you said it wasn't entirely correct that you wanted to be a girl?" Mother asked.

I swallowed hard and looked up at her. "Talk to me, Sweetheart." She said, kindly. "Take your time, there's no rush."

I realized I had nothing to lose now. She had seen at least some of the nasty pictures of me in my lingerie and she had obviously been reading my stories. So, I began to explain to my mother, in the best way I could, how it all happened.

I started out by reassuring her I was happy being a male, but, I explained to her that I somehow felt cheated that I couldn't enjoy some of the pleasures females enjoyed, like wearing soft, pretty lingerie and frilly things with ruffles. I told her that ideally, I'd love to be a man by day, and be feminine by night. Then, I went on to tell her my sex drive wasn't that of a typical male and I'd always been disappointed with every sexual relationship I ever had.

"It's like I can't get any real emotional satisfaction with sex." I explained. "No matter who it was, it was never really satisfying. It always left me feeling unfulfilled and cheated."

A tear appeared at the corner of my Mom's eyes and she said, "I know how that is, Sweetheart. I lived with that for years with your father. So, I know the feeling, believe me."

I told her that with Beth, I could perform physically, but, I was just going through the physical motions with her. I didn't get any real pleasure until I sat down and started writing – where I could be myself.

"I understand." Mother replied, softly. "So, tell me, what is the real you, Tom? What is it that you need so badly?"

I blushed when I told her. I just came right out and said it. And when the words started, they ended up being much easier to say than I ever expected them to be. In fact, it was like the weight of the whole world was being lifted from my shoulders as I finally talked openly, for the first time in my whole life, about my sexual desires.

"I am what they call a Sissy, Mom." I said. "And, a Submissive."

I told her everything. I told her it used to hurt to admit that to myself, but, it didn't hurt anymore because I knew it's the truth. I told her I could be a sissy and a submissive in my stories. I could live every desire and every fantasy on paper....... I could wear the frilliest panties, and I could walk around in them all day if I want to.

I turned red when I told her I could let my mother or my sister dress and undress me, even see me naked because that's exactly what a sissy and a submissive would do. I explained that in my writing, I can give up control and let others make me do things – nasty things.

"What I need is pretty simple, Mom." I said, finally answering her question. "I need a woman that will accept me as a Sissy and a Submissive, and let me live like that."

She sat there and listened intently as I spoke, explaining to her without being too graphic. I tried not to intentionally shock her, but, when she didn't say anything, I was afraid I'd said too much.

"You're not saying anything." I said, quietly, as she just sat there. "Did I shock you?"

"Oh, no." Mom replied. "I'm not shocked; I was just impressed at how open and honest you were. Some of what you said I already suspected from reading your stories, but having you explain it makes it clearer, and, I can understand why you're not emotionally satisfied with your sex life."

"Those stories you read," I added, "that's the real me. I hope it doesn't break your heart to hear that, but, it's true. I'm a sissy....... a submissive sissy."

"A Sissy, huh?" Mom asked. "I saw a story with the word, 'Sissy' in the title. What was it?"

"Mommy's Sissy." I said. "It's something I wrote a long time ago, too."

"Is it about me?" Mother asked.

"Yes." I answered, too ashamed to look at her. "And me, too." I added.

"Ah," she replied, "I see."

"And, uh..... I treat you like a sissy in that story?" She asked.

"Very much so." I answered. "You should probably avoid reading that one. It's pretty graphic and intense."

Mom smiled and took another sip of her coffee. Then, she said, "How do you know I haven't already read it?"

I laughed and so did she. Actually, we both chuckled for a few seconds and you know, I truly had no idea if she'd read it, or not.

"So, tell me," Mom said, as she sat her coffee cup down in her lap, "did your sister give you panties to wear with that nightie? Like in that story we read at your apartment last night?"

My cheeks started to burn, and I felt a serious blush cover my chest and face. Mother sat there quietly and waited for me to answer, and when I did, the best I could do was nod my head up and down and mumble, "Yes."

"Let's see what she gave you." She said.

I heard her words, but, I didn't tune in to what she said, and as I lie there trying to decide what I should do, my mother reached out and pulled the comforter down to my feet and then reached back up and pulled the sheet down, too. I started to rush to cover my panty covered crotch, but I figured what the hell, after what I'd said to her, and what she'd read, what's the use in hiding the fact I was wearing panties. At least I didn't have an erection.

"They look cute on you." She said, as she looked at the panties around my hips. "I can see why you might feel cheated you don't have underwear like this to wear."

I watched as she sat her coffee cup down on the floor beside her chair and stood up next to the bed. Then, to my surprise, she leaned over and tucked her fingers into the sides of my panties and looked up at me.

"Lift up." She said softly.

Mysteriously, my hips did exactly as she asked, and when I lifted up, she pulled my sister's panties all the way down my legs and past my feet. Then, sitting back down in her chair, she sat the panties down in her lap and looked at me.

"I wasn't sure I could do this when I came in here." Mom said. "But, I'm sure now."

I was lying on my bed with the covers pulled down and I was now naked below the waist. In the three or four seconds after she pulled the panties off me, I started to panic not knowing what she was up to, but, once she rested for a few more seconds, she took a breath and said, "I'd like you to masturbate for me, please."

She must have seen the look of terror in my eyes, because she immediately spoke again, saying, "Tom, I read in one of your stories that you wanted me to wake you up in the morning and make you masturbate for me."

I was so ashamed at that moment. She made it sound like she was taking pity on me – doing this only because her son said he wanted it. And that made me feel like an absolute ass.

"I'd really like to watch you, Sweetheart." Mother said. "Do I have to ask you again?"

Slowly, my hand started to move to my flaccid cock and once it got there, Mom reached into the pocket of her robe and pulled something out.

"Here," Mom said, handing it to me, "maybe these will help."

As unbelievable as it was, she'd just handed me a balled up pair of panties, and, as I shook them out to look at them, my cock began to harden.

"I wore those to bed last night," Mom confessed, "and I had them on while I was reading your stories."

Immediately, I raised her panties to my nose and inhaled deeply. At the same time, my cock went to full hardness, and when I looked over at her, she was staring at my cock as I slowly moved my hand up and down.

I stopped stroking for a few seconds and held it still for her, allowing her to see my fully erect cock for the first time.

"You have a beautiful penis." She said, almost whispering. "And, I want to go all the way for me, Tom. I want to see you ejaculate."

I held my cock still for her for another few seconds and then I started stroking my cock again, very slowly but quite deliberately. Her gaze shifted back and forth between my cock and my face, and when she'd look up at me, I took a big sniff of her panties,

"Here," she said, moving from the chair to the bed, sitting next to me, "let me help you with that."

I just about died when she took her panties out of my hand and opened them up to find the crotch panel and then pushed the cotton fabric of the gusset right against my nostrils.

"Take all the time you want, Sweetheart." She whispered. "I'll stay with you as long as it takes...... until you get done. Just tell me if there's something I can do to help."

I had to be dreaming – or something. Never in my wildest dreams would I ever have expected to have my mother holding her panties up to my nose while I was jacking myself off.

After a minute, she moved slightly on the bed, readjusting herself so she'd be more comfortable. When she did, she changed hands so her left hand was holding her panties up to my nose and her right hand was gently resting on my chest.

My hand was stroking my cock nice and slowly and it felt so good. I glanced up at her a few times, and each time I looked, I could see she was staring at my hand stroking my swelled member. I can't explain how good that made me feel – the fact that she was looking at my cock. I guess I felt that if she was disgusted with me, or repulsed by my stories, the last thing she'd want to do is see my cock, but, the look in her eyes was more than that, and unless I was wrong, Mother was definitely interested in what she was seeing, and what I was doing.

My pace started to increase and as I jacked faster, Mom slipped her right hand under my nightie, rubbing my chest lightly until she found my nipples. Very softly, she began to finger my nipples, circling them with her fingertips and then touching them very lightly. She alternated between both nipples, moving her hand across my chest as she did, touching me in a way no other woman had ever touched me.

"Does it feel good when I do that?" She asked, whispering softly. "When I touch your nipples?"

"Oh yes." I said, breathlessly.

She pulled her hands out from under my nightie and pushed the silky garment up, bunching the soft material under my chin and baring my chest. Then, she bent down and began kissing my nipples, running her tongue around each one and sucking my nipples into her mouth. The feel of her hot breath on my chest was exquisite – and it felt incredible. My head rested back on the pillow and I simply let myself go and enjoyed it all - the feeling of her warm breath on my skin, her kissing my nipples, the smell of her panties and the sensations coming from my cock as I jerked myself.

I found myself actually moaning under my breath as I stroked, and whenever I moaned, Mom made little sounds in return, as if she was telling me it was okay to enjoy it. This was a new sensation for me; I've never had a woman touch my nipples with this kind of tenderness, and I would have been more than happy to relax back into the soft bed and just let her lick, suck and kiss me there as much as she wanted.

But, as much as I would have loved to enjoy my mother's mouth on my nipples, my cock was in need of attention and my hand was flying now, rubbing up and down my pole in an urgent manner as I sniffed in the smell of her vagina – my own mother's vagina from the crotch of her panties. Her scent was different from the smell of my wife's pussy and different from the smell of my sister's. Maybe it was her age, or maybe it was something else, but, whatever it was, it was stronger and it was robust...... and I loved it.

She took one of my nipples into her mouth and she sucked it hard, flicking the tip with her tongue. The feel of her hair falling all around me sent a plethora of sensations raging through me, and I knew it wouldn't be long before I started to cum.

I started panting, wildly breathing in and out as I pulled up and down on my cock. Mom sat up and looked down at me.

"Tell me when you're close to ejaculating and I'll help you finish." Mom said, looking down into my eyes. Then, as she went back to sucking my nipples, I closed my eyes and let all the sensations that were flooding over me have their way. And, it wasn't but another minute or so before I got that feeling to tell me I was dangerously close.

"I'm close." I whispered, urgently, trying to get her attention before it was too late.

Mom's head lifted up and she smiled at me as she reached her hand down and hovered it over my cock. "Tell me when." She replied. "Then move your hand and let me do it for you."

"FUCK!" My mind screamed when I heard her say that, and that's all it took.

"Now." I gasped, as I let go of my cock and pulled my hand away.

When I felt her wrap her fingers around my cock and grasp my pole, her touch was as light as a feather, but when she started jacking me, she tightened her grip and then began stroking me.

"Come on, Sweetheart." She whispered. "Let it all go for me."

When my first spurt exploded from the head of my cock, the contraction was so intense, the top half of my body involuntarily raised up off the bed. But, Mom didn't stop jacking. I could see a smile break out on her face as ribbon after ribbon of hot, thick cum erupted from my cock, splattering small globs of sticky sperm against my chest, neck and even my face. I was moaning and groaning as she handled me, varying the tightness of her grip and how far up or down she stroked. And you know, she was giving me a better hand job than my wife ever did.

When it was over, I was totally exhausted, panting and puffing, trying to catch my breath.

When I opened my eyes, Mom was looking down at me with a major smile beaming from her face. I could see her looking down at the pools of thick sperm that peppered my body all the way from my belly button up to my cheeks. I'd had a serious penile eruption with a massive spread pattern, and I think she took great joy in the fact that she'd aroused me so much to make me cum like that.

"Tom," she said giggling, "you are literally covered with semen."

"I'm not kidding, Sweetheart," she laughed, "there's pools of it all the way from your stomach up to your face. I guess I did a good job, huh?"

"Mom," I said, trying to speak between breaths, "that was probably the best hand job any one has ever given me. And, what you did with my nipples....... that was wonderful."

"Well, thank you." She said, proudly. "Your father would never let me touch his like that," she added. "he just wanted to get between my legs and a few pushes later, it was all over. So, you probably won't understand how nice it was to do this for you, and to see you react the way you did – it just makes all the difference to know I can bring a man pleasure."

Mom leaned down and kissed me lightly on my lips and then pushed herself up. Then, using her panties, she began to wipe the cum from my body, turning her panties as she needed to in order to wipe up all the globs of sperm that covered my skin.

"Just relax and let me see if I can get some of this cleaned up." Mom said, cracking a smile as she spoke. "I guess we both know it's probably not a good idea just to hand you my panties and trust that you'll clean yourself off, and then put my panties in the dirty clothes."

It took me a second, but, when I got her joke, I started to laugh myself. And, as she wiped me down, she'd touch my chest lightly with her free hand and she'd look into my eyes for a few seconds and then she continue with what she was doing.

"I'm curious....." Mom said.

"How was it?" She asked. "Me waking you up and having you masturbate for me? Was it as good in real life as it was on paper?"

"Honestly, Mom," I said, "I ought to rewrite that story and include exactly what you did because it was perfect. And Mom," I added, "I should either beg you to give lessons to my wife, or, just move back home for good. I don't think a woman has ever made me feel those kinds of sensations before."

I could see the satisfaction and delight in my mother's face as I complimented her. Her eyes were sparkling and there was a glow about her that I hadn't seen for a long, long time.

"That's flattering, Sweetheart." Mother said, batting her eyes as she smiled at me. "But, if you can't patch things up with Beth and you need a place to stay, you know you're always welcome here, and we'll try to work something out about..... you know..... what you need from a woman."

To be continued.

Punished by Mother, Sister and Wife Ch. 03
byRandomAuthor©

"Well," My mother mused, tucking the panties filled with my cum back in the pocket of her robe, "Would you like to help me make some breakfast for the three of us?"

"I'd love to." I replied, swinging my legs out of bed and looking up at her. "Just let me get dressed and I'll be there in a few minutes."

"Hold on just a minute, Sweetheart." Mom said, pausing for a moment as she cinched up the tie on her robe. "You told me earlier those stories you've been writing are the real you -- the person you are inside. Is that really true?"

"I think so." I answered honestly. "Or, maybe the person I want to be."

"So, if that's true," Mom continued, "you'd like to live them out? The stories, I mean..... if you could. Right?"

"It doesn't matter now." I replied. "My wife is undoubtedly going to file for divorce and once you and Cassie read the rest of those stories, the two of you will disown me and after that...... I'm basically damned forever."

"I see." Mom said, looking at me. Then standing, she asked, "But, you still didn't answer me, Tom. If given the chance, you'd like to live them out. Just give me a straight answer." Mom asked. "Yes or no?"

"Yes." I felt ashamed of myself for saying it, but, it was true and if she wanted to push me for a straight answer, then, she got her wish. And, I was being fully honest with her.

"Alright." Mom said, softly. Then, telling me not to move and saying she'd be back in a few minutes, Mom left the room quietly, closing the door behind her.

I sat on the edge of the bed and hung my head in disgrace. Sitting there on that bed lamenting my situation and how I'd just openly admitted my desires to my own mother, I felt helpless. But, after a few minutes my stomach started to rumble and I realized how hungry I was and finally smiled at the thought of Mom making one of her big breakfasts. Then, reaching over to grab my cell phone, I checked to see if my wife, Beth, had called or texted me, but, she hadn't. Closing my cell phone up, I wondered what was going to happen between Beth and I as husband and wife. I wasn't even sure what I'd say to her when I got the chance -- whenever that might be.

My thoughts went back to last night and I half smiled at the memory of my sister, Cassie, stripping me, making me masturbate for her and then dressing me up in one of her old nighties, a pair of her panties and then putting me to bed like a little child. Of course, I realize she did all that just to make amends after she was so harsh to me when she and Mom got back from talking to Beth at the apartment. Cassie did such a thorough job of berating me and making me feel so bad, I actually cried -- something I haven't done in years. And seeing that she made me cry, Cassie simply felt like she needed to make it up to me.

It was easy enough for her to do. Cassie, Mom and Beth had just read the story where I described in detail how I wanted Cassie to take control of me, strip me, make me jackoff in front of her and then dress me like a little girl for bed. Hell, the story was fresh in her mind -- all she had to do is make me do it, and that wasn't hard at all. Still though, Cassie and I agreed to keep it between us and I greatly appreciate what she did.

I stood up and reached down to the floor to pick up my clothes from where my little sister, Cassie, left them last night and then turned to pull the sheet and comforter up the bed and fluff up the pillow.

I heard the door open and Mom came back in, closing the door behind her. Standing there with nothing on but my sister's short nightie, I instinctively reached down to cover my cock, but, when Mom gently smiled, I realized there was no reason to cover myself at this point since she'd already seen me naked and erect this morning.

"Take your sister's nightie off, Tom." Mom said.

I took it as a foregone conclusion Mom had been up for a while last night reading my stories and was probably going to make me stand in front of her naked while she gave me suggestions on how to get Beth to take me back while she watched me get dressed for breakfast. So, after I'd pulled Cassie's old nightie over my head and laid it on the bed, imagine how surprised I was to see my mother reaching for my clothes, walking to the closet in my room, and then tossing the clothes on the floor of the closet and closing the closet doors. She knew I was going to get dressed and come down to help her with breakfast...... why did she just throw my clothes in the closet?

Mom came to stand in front of me, put her hand into the left pocket of her robe, pulled out a folded piece of paper and handed it to me. "This story you wrote....." Mom said, "do you remember it?"

I opened the folded paper to see she'd printed out the first page to a story I'd written just last month. The title was at the top in bold type, "The Punishment I Deserved and Longed For."

The set up for that particular story is this: my wife continually catches me masturbating over the period of a week - sometimes, four, five or even six times a day. Finally, one morning, she's had enough. She gets mad, loses her temper and sends me to my mother's house to be punished. When I get to Mom's house, I learn that my wife has called her on the telephone and told her in graphic detail what I've been doing. She's given my Mom, and my little sister, permission to punish me any way they see fit to break me of my sneaky masturbation habits.

Now, I have to say right here this story is one of my most submissive stories. It has me being very submissive to my mother and my sister, and it has a strong female dominance theme. There's a lot of exhibitionism, voyeurism, CFNM, and humiliation in this story, and quite honestly, it's one of the best pieces I think I've ever written. The prose is very believable, even though the story line is obviously pretty far fetched. But, all that aside, the story did give me a chance to write something that allowed my mother and my sister, as a team, to dominate, punish me and humiliate me.

I scanned the page and then nodded my head. I felt my heart sink inside my chest knowing exactly what was in that story. Then, looking up at my mother I said, "Please tell me you didn't read this story."

"I read it twice last night." She replied. "And I just checked with your sister and she read it last night, too. So, is there anything you'd like to say before your punishment begins?"

"What?" I asked. "Mom, I've already told everyone I was sorry for writing all the stories. I'm probably going to lose my wife over all this. I don't think I need any more stress in my life right now."

"Tom," Mom said, crossing her arms across her chest, "It doesn't matter right now what you think you need. I think you need to be punished for what you've done and now it's up to us to punish you. It's as simple as that."

About that time, the door opened and Cassie came in. She as wearing only a thin bra and a pair of tight, white panties, and when I saw her, the light bulb went on in my head.

They were role playing 'The Punishment I Deserved and Longed For' story. What I mean is, they were going to act out the story...... with me.... right now. That's why my sister was in her bra and panties and my Mom was talking about punishment.

Reaching into her robe pocket again, Mom pulled out a foil wrapped condom and tossed it to me. "Put this on." Mom said firmly.

I looked at Cassie and she was biting her lip, holding back an obvious smile.

"Go on." Mom said, sharply. "Get yourself hard and put the condom on."

I felt a blush of epic proportions spread over my face and chest as I looked at my mother. Cassie stepped up next to her and crossed her arms over her chest, saying, "You better do what she says. Get your penis hard...... play with it."

Neither one of them was smiling now, and, as I swallowed hard, I dropped my hand to my soft member and wrapped my fingers around my cock.

"Just get it hard enough to put the condom on, Tom." Mom said clearly. "Then, if either your sister or I see you touching yourself again until I give you permission, you'll be spanked. And I mean that, so consider yourself duly warned."

I began stroking my cock as I looked at them not truly believing what I was hearing. And after a minute or two, my cock was hard. I was literally shaking -- my chest was shuddering, and as I pumped my cock in front of my mother and my sister, the words of the story we were acting out played through my head. Surely, they wouldn't follow the story line to the letter...... no way my mother would do that to me. She wouldn't...... she couldn't make me do those things...... not in front of both of them. And as my hand moved up and down my cock, I silently prayed they wouldn't go through with this.

"That's enough." Mom said, holding up her hand. "We don't want you ejaculating all over my nice clean carpet."

Then Mom glanced at my little sister, saying, "Cassie, go help your brother with the condom."

I looked at Cassie. Her eyebrows immediately shot up and her jaw dropped open. A few seconds later, my little sister stepped forward and took the condom out of my hand. Then, opening the package and pulling out the rolled condom, my little sister kneeled down in front of me and grasped my erection firmly with her left hand.

"Make sure you leave enough room at the tip for his semen." Mom said, as Cassie prepared to slip the condom over the tip of my inflated cock. "He's going to be milked every two hours today. Plus, he'll be leaking, too, so give him some room to hold it."

I looked down at Cassie and she was smiling as she unrolled a little of the condom and then pushed it over the mushroom head of my cock. She was squeezing the base of my cock so tightly, I probably could have cum from just that, but, she released her grip as she rolled the condom down my shaft as far as it would unroll.

"Remember," Mom said, once my sister stood up next to her, "from now until I say, if you touch yourself even once without being told, you're going to be put on your hands and knees, and your sister and I will spank your butt until its red."

I nodded my head and looked at Mom, still in total disbelief this was happening.

"Cassie, I'd like you to go down stairs and start a fresh pot of coffee. And if you would, get the eggs, bacon and fry pan out, along with some plates and everything else we need for breakfast." Mother said. Then, reaching down to wrap her hand around my sheathed cock, Mom told me she wanted to speak to me privately in her room. I don't know who was more surprised, Cassie or me, as my mother pulled me past my wide eyed sister out of the room, tugging at my cock like a leash.

Mom's fingers were wrapped tightly around my erection, and she tugged me roughly as she turned into the hallway and led me into her bedroom. "Close the door." Mom said once I was through the doorway, and as I did, she untied the belt of her robe, slipped it off her shoulders and unceremoniously threw her robe on her bed.

Standing there in her matronly nightgown, she pointed to her chest of drawers and told me to pick out a bra and a pair of panties for her. "I'm sure you've been in my lingerie drawers enough times to know exactly where they are."

It was true, I knew exactly where she kept her bras and panties. They were in two different drawers, the bras and slips in the top drawer and her panties, pantyhose and knee-highs in the next drawer down. My cock was at full strength as I thought about picking out a bra and panties for her -- swinging back and forth as I walked the few steps to her dresser.

"You might as well pick something you'd like to see me in." Mom said. "Well, for a little while at least."

I opened the top drawer and started looking through my mother's bras, and as I was carefully sifting through the sea of silk and lace, Mom started talking to me.

"It excites you to touch my bras, doesn't it?" Mom asked. "Even with me standing here hovering over you, you're still turned on by it."

"Yes." I croaked.

"I can just imagine how fast your heart is beating right now." Mom added. "Especially after I read about all those times you peeked at me when I was in the bathroom...... the shower....... and getting dressed and undressed in here. You've probably seen me wearing every bras and panty I own, and I don't know how many times you've seen me naked, but, I'd venture a guess it's a lot."

I kept my mouth shut because I didn't know if she was role playing or if she was really trying to talk to me about what she read in my stories. She was right about both things, though. I probably had seen her in every one of her bra and panties, and I'd seen her naked more times than I could recount.

"When was the last time you saw me naked?" Mom asked. "How long ago was it?"

I kept busy looking through her bras, holding them up one by one to find the one I was looking for. "Please answer me, Sweetheart. I promise I won't get mad at you. I just want to know."

I stopped what I was doing and turned my head to look at her. I knew exactly when it was. There was no way I could forget it because it was superbly memorable, and hearing her say she wouldn't get mad, I decided there was no reason not to tell her about it.

"It was the night before my wedding." I said. "The night of the rehearsal dinner. Beth's Mom didn't want us to stay together the night before the wedding, so I stayed over here. Remember?"

"Oh, yes." Mom sighed. "I remember that night."

"It was the only time in the last twenty years I might have had too much to drink." Mom said. "Are you saying you took advantage of the situation and spied on me that night?"

"I'm sorry, Mom." I said, turning to face her. "At the time, it was something I couldn't walk away from. You were so beautiful that night and you left your door open a little. I couldn't pass it up."

"Can you be honest with me and tell me what happened? And what you did?" She asked.

I had to take a deep breath before I could look her in the eyes. This was going to be hard, but, if there was any time to start telling the truth, it was now. She'd already told me she wouldn't get mad, and I knew once Mom had the chance to read all the stories I'd written, I probably wouldn't get much leeway from her again. So, with all the courage I could find, I apologized again, and then told her the complete story, just as it happened...... how I found her bedroom door slightly ajar, pushed it open a little and how I watched her from the hallway.

Mom wasn't completely drunk, but, she was more than tipsy. She undressed, laying her dress over the back of a chair, and then dropping the rest of her clothes, including her bra and panties on the floor and stumbled into her bathroom. When she came out, she pulled the covers down on her bed, sat down naked and then she stretched out and fell asleep on top of the covers with the light on.

When I was sure she was sleeping, I snuck into her room and stood next to the bed and looked down at her. Her full breasts were rising with each breath, and each of her large nipples looked to be the perfect adornment to each breast. It was the first time I'd been this close to her naked body, and I was absolutely fascinated with how striking she was.

I picked up her panties and held them to my nose, sniffing them and searching the crotch panel for a hint of moisture and for my mother's vaginal scent - the scent I'd been familiar with for years. And when I found it, my fate was sealed.

I stripped myself right there, by her bed, holding her panties to my face and inhaling them as I took my clothes off, one piece at a time. When I was naked, I very carefully, and very slowly, spread her legs so I could see her pussy better. While I was inching her legs apart, she inadvertently helped me, moving her legs apart as she stirred, to the point where I could see her entire slit, from top to bottom. She obviously had trimmed her pussy hair recently and it was easy to see the clear definition of her pussy lips and her clitoral hood.

I didn't dare touch her between her legs, although I seriously considered it. My desire to see inside her -- the rich pinkness that I new lay just inside her lips, was strong, and it had been something I'd always wanted to see, but never did. After years of peeking at her, I never once saw inside her lips. I'd even seen her shaved before, but the most I'd ever seen was her bare, hairless mound and her outer lips.

That night, the urge to see pink drove me to the point where I actually reached out and almost touched her. But, at the last second, I stopped myself. Not because I thought she might awaken and catch me, but because she was my mother and there was no way I would have ever taken that kind of liberty with her. Sure, I wanted to see deeply between her legs, but not like this.

And so, as she lay there naked with her legs open, I masturbated myself -- stroking my hardened pole for at least thirty minutes, stopping when I was getting close to climaxing, and then resuming when the urge to cum dissipated. Finally, when I couldn't hold off any longer, I held her panties to my face and stared directly at her slit until I came. It was an orgasm of unbelievable proportions because not only did I get to smell her freshly worn panties as I stood next to her, but I got to see her entire naked body while I jacked at the same time.

I told my mother everything -- about how I looked at her, sniffed her panties and jacked off. I was forthcoming with all the details and I told her the entire story. I ended by telling her how I was filled with a tremendous feeling of remorse when it was over, and how shameful I felt the next day - the day of my wedding. And the reason for my shame wasn't that I'd taken advantage of my beautiful mother in her time of weakness, but, because I lusted after my own mother as a woman on the day before I was supposed to be getting married to a woman I purportedly loved.

When I was finished explaining to my mother what happened that night, I waited for her reaction. When she just sat there calmly with no reaction at all, I had to wonder if she'd heard what I said and realized how close I came to touching her vagina. Instead, she casually asked if I'd found a bra and a pair of panties for her yet, and since I hadn't, I turned my attention back to her lingerie drawer looking for a specific bra and panty set I knew she had.

"Thank you for telling the truth, though." She said, as I looked through her lingerie. "You don't know how much I appreciate that"

As she was speaking, I found the bra I was looking for and opened the lower drawer looking for the panties. They were easy to find -- all I had to do was match the color and the material and in short order, I turned to her holding up the bra and panties I wanted her to wear.

She smiled gently, saying, "I should have known you'd pick those. You've taken those panties from my hamper and my drawer before."

Then, as I watched, she stood up and pulled her nightgown over her head, leaving herself as naked as I was. We stood no more than four feet apart, both of us naked and not a word being said.

"I've known about you and the panties for some time, Sweetheart. You're not nearly as clever as you thought you were." She said. "And I knew you used to peek at me."

Mom took several steps forward until we were no more than mere inches apart. "Tom," she said, whispering up at me as her hands rested on my chest, "I didn't fall asleep that night. I knew you were at the door, watching me. I intentionally left the light on, and I was awake the whole time you stood by the bed and masturbated yourself."

My mind exploded with thoughts and feelings I'd repressed since that night. But, in the matter of an instant, I realized what she said, and exactly what it meant.

She must have seen the look of bewilderment on my face, and she responded to it by grasping me by the hand and pulling me toward the bed with her. When we got to the side of the bed, she reached down and took both my hands in hers and brought them to her breasts and pressed them into her softness. 

"You never had to go around peeking, Sweetheart." She said. "I know boys are curious -- even about their mothers, Tom. All you ever had to do was come in, or ask if you could see me naked. I know it's completely normal for boys to be interested in the female body and I would have let you look."

As she held my hands to her breasts, she moved even closer to me, pinning my hardened cock between our naked bodies, saying, "We can't stay up here too much longer or your sister will wonder what we're doing. But, if you still want to see what I look like down there, we probably have enough time for you to take a quick look."

"You mean, see inside you?" I asked, with a hopeful expression.

"That's exactly what I mean." She answered. "No touching, though. But you can look as close as you want."

Without saying another word, Mom sat down on her bed and then eased herself back. Blushing demurely, she pulled her knees up and opened them up wide, giving me a perfect view of her femininity right in front of my eyes. Then, as if it were really a dream, she moved her hands down to the side of her outer labia and spread herself completely open.

Just the sound of her lips spreading -- the crinkling, wet sound of her wet pussy opening up was something I'll never forget. And as soon as her lips began pulling apart, I could see the moist, crimson softness of her inner femininity.

My hand began to inch lower, toward my cock, but, she let go of her pussy and pointed to my hand, saying, "I wasn't kidding, Sweetheart. No touching or you'll be sorry."

Then, her hands went back to the sides of her pussy lips and she pulled them apart again and smiled up at me.

"There." Mom said. "Have yourself a good look, but you better be quick about it."

My chest was pounding as I leaned down to put my face between my mother's legs. Even before I got close, I could smell her familiar aroma, and I almost passed out from sensory overload. I could see everything perfectly - her inner labia blossomed open allowing me to see down inside her vaginal passage; her clit and her pee hole were perfectly framed between her glistening lips. And, as my face moved closer and closer to the essence of my mother's womanhood, the only thing I could do was look and sniff.

"This is what you wanted that night, huh?" Mother asked. "Can you see well enough?"

I mumbled that I could see her, and as I looked at my mother's sex, she repositioned her hands, using her spread fingers of one hand to hold herself open, and, with her other hand, began running her fingers slowly up and down from her pussy hole to her clit and back down again.

"Are you going to play with yourself?" I asked eagerly.

"We don't have time for that now." Mom answered. "But, if you're a good boy today, and if you do everything we tell you to do without any problems, perhaps I'll let you help me with that later, and maybe I'll give you a little reward, too."

I couldn't speak. I could only look down between her legs, at my mother's pussy, and take in its beauty. I had seen my wife's pussy like this before, but, the feeling I got from looking at my mother's sex was entirely different than looking at my wife's. My mother was wet and luscious, and she was heavily lubricating, and while I looked at her, the only thing I could think about was how much I'd love to sink my face down into her wet lips and lick her pinkness.

"Okay." Mom said, removing her hands and lowering her legs. "Enough for now. We have to get downstairs before your sister wonders what we're doing up here."

I watched as she wrapped the bra around her waist and hooked the strap together. As she slid the bra around and put her arms through the shoulder straps, she looked up at me.

"I really do hope you can patch things up with your wife." Mom said, lovingly. "But, if you can't and if you need a place to stay, you can always move back into your old room, Tom."

Then, as she wiggled into the panties and reached back to adjust the fit on her butt, she added, "I haven't read all your stories yet, but I'm going to read each and every one. And whatever happens with you and Beth, if you still feel the need to live out some of those stories, I hope you won't forget you can always talk to me about anything and I'd never be mad at you."

"Just keep that in mind, Sweetheart." Mom said, as she once again reached down and wrapped her hand around my cock and pulled me to her bedroom door. Then, without saying another word, she opened the door, pulled me out, down the hall and down the stairs to the kitchen.

Cassie was leaning against one of the counters, waiting for us, and for some reason, I don't think she was surprised to see Mom dressed only in her bra and panties, too. When we came into the kitchen, she told us she'd gotten everything out for breakfast, but, Mom interrupted her.

My mother's hand let go of my condom wrapped cock and left me standing in the center of the kitchen. Going over to stand next to Cassie, her expression took on a more serious appearance.

"Here's how it's gonna be today." Mom said to me. "Your sister and I both read that nasty story you wrote, 'The Punishment I Deserved and Longed For' and based on the fact that you've been sneaking around, peeking at both of us and taking our panties for who knows how long, I think it's appropriate that you receive some kind of punishment."

"Your sister and I have decided that you'll live that story as your punishment for what you did. When it's over, all will be forgiven and forgotten. But, I warn you, Tom," my mother said, "if you don't obey us and play along, your chance of forgiveness will be dramatically decreased."

Cassie's lips turned up into a small smile as she looked at me, but, mother's expression didn't change.

"Here's the rules." Mom said.

"First," she said, "you might as well know right now that you will be wearing a condom all day, and since you wrote the story, you know it's to catch all your semen and your leakage. Then, at the end of your punishment, you'll be required to take care of everything we've collected in the condoms, just like in your story, and you'll do it in front of both of us. You wrote the story, so you know exactly what I mean by that."

"Fuck!" My brain screamed. They were going to make me eat my cum in front of the two of them?

"Second," Mom continued, "we're going to do everything we can to keep you aroused and excited. That's why we're both in our bra and panties, and that's why you're naked, except for the condom. You will let us keep you excited however we choose to do so, and if that means touching you or telling you to do things, then you had better comply."

Cassie's hand dropped to her crotch and she began to touch herself as she smiled smugly at me, running her fingers over the front of her panties, making a crease in the material right in the middle of her lips.

"Third," Mother went on, "you'll be spanked on the spot if you touch your penis in any way. And to make sure you follow the rules, either your sister or I will need to be with you all the time to make sure you don't masturbate. So, when you need to go to the bathroom, one of us will go with you and remove the current condom and tie it up. Then, when you're done with your business, we'll put a new one on you."

"Fourth," she said, as she put her hands on her hips, "you will be milked every two hours, just like in your punishment story. I think you probably know what that means. I'm going to show your sister exactly how to do it so she can help me with that task during the day. And, I wouldn't get your hopes up too much about being milked. You won't be having any orgasms and no pleasurable ejaculations, I can assure you of that."

"Lastly," Mom said as she looked over at Cassie and then looked back at me, "Your sister and I have a few errands to run today, and that means we'll dress you and you'll have to go out with one, or, both of us. I don't want any problems while we're out, and at no time will you be allowed to be out of our sight. Keep that in mind."

Mom asked me if I had any questions, and even if I did, my throat was so choked up, there was no way I'd be able to ask them. She told me she knew this would be hard on me. She said she knew I'd be embarrassed and humiliated, especially during the milking. But, if I wanted their forgiveness, I had to complete my punishment.

"When the punishment is over," Mom repeated, "your sister and I will forgive you for everything you've done. And, considering the way you've violated our privacy in so many different ways, I hope you'll agree that it's a fair and just punishment."

When I didn't say anything, Mom looked at my little sister and then back at me.

"We'll do your first milking after breakfast so we can get on with our day." Mother said. "For now, let's get going on breakfast, and remember," mother added, looking right at me, "keep your hands away from your penis."

To be continued...

Punished by Mother, Sister and Wife Ch. 04
byRandomAuthor©

I guess it goes without saying that standing naked in my mother's kitchen, wearing nothing but a hard-on and a condom, was not how I expected to spend my Sunday morning. And, coupled with the fact that my mother and my sister were dressed in nothing but their bra and panties, my cock was reacting exactly as it should have been – it was hard and sticking out furiously in front of me.

My little sister snickered smugly as she stood next to my mother, looking at me. Given the fact that it wasn't even mid-morning yet, I was both anxious and semi-terrified about what the day would hold for me if my mother kept her promise to make me live the same punishment I'd written in one of my nasty stores that, apparently, both Cassie and Mom had already read and discussed between the two of them.

After mother gave her little speech about why I was being punished and the rules for the day, I was filled with a multitude of feelings. Making me stand completely naked in front of both of them made me feel utterly shameful. It also excited me to no end. And, there was no way I could hide my arousal – it was plainly evident to the two of them by the way my cock strained out in front of me. And looking in to first Cassie's eyes, and then my mother's eyes, I became keenly aware that they both knew exactly how this was affecting me. Practically as soon as my mother produced the condom and told me to get myself hard, my cock obeyed the order, growing longer and thicker until I was rigid, and it hadn't let up one bit

Being naked in front of my little sister last night in my old bedroom was a blessing the likes of which I thought I would never receive. She patiently walked me through one of the stories I'd written where I detailed how she would order me to undress and masturbate for her, and then how she would dress me for bed in one of her nighties and a pair of her panties. Throughout this unbelievable hour, she was sweet, kind and thoughtful – not at all what I deserved.

And, I would have been happy with what Cassie had done alone, all by itself. But, when my mother came into my room this morning and found me dressed in Cassie's nightie and panties, and asked me to jerk myself off for her, it was like I'd hit the lottery twice in the matter of ten hours.

Then, to add a bit of icing to the proverbial cake, when Mom took me in her room and lay down on her bed, spreading her legs so I could have that long dreamed about look at her pussy – I thought I'd died and gone to heaven.

It was all way too good, and way too unbelievable. The most unbelievable part, though, is that both my little sister and my mom alluded to the fact they'd be willing to help me live out more of my stories if I wanted them to. Of course, hearing their offers tore me up inside for two reasons: 1) I ought to be living these stories out with my wife, and, 2) I wish to hell I'd known they were willing to help me out long before this! Especially my mother, who is a beautiful, sexy and loving woman, and someone whom I'd very willingly suck, fuck, lick and love to whatever extent she'd let me.

This morning, my little sister, Cassie, seemed to be participating in this on a completely different level than my Mom was. Yes, I remember Cassie telling me last night she'd have to act mad and upset with the things I'd done in the past in front of Mom. But, I think my little sister had another agenda in mind, too.

It started this morning when I was standing naked in my room in front of Cassie and my mother. When mother told Cassie to put the condom on me, I assumed Mom told her to help because she didn't want me touching my cock – maybe fearing I might try to pleasure myself. So, when Cassie bent down in front of me to put the condom on my cock, instead of being confused or baffled, my little sister seemed to be enjoying herself. I absolutely knew Mom and Cassie talked about what they were going to do to me ahead of time because their little act seemed rehearsed and because my little sister came into the room wearing only her bra and panties. And, compared to Mom's serious attitude when they gave me the news that I was going to be punished by the two of them, Cassie appeared to be having way too much fun.

It felt absolutely disgraceful and shameful to have an erection in front of my mother and my little sister, and it was humiliating to be told that I'd have to wear a condom for the sole purpose of catching my precum drippings and my ejaculate. Mother did a good job of heightening my shame when she announced I would be milked every two hours, adding she'd personally instruct Cassie on how to milk me. When she said that, I conjured up a vision of me bending over to allow my mother and my little sister to put their fingers up my butt to rub my prostate, and believe me, that vision sent a strong message of what I was going to endure during the next several hours. I know I should have been mortified with what they were planning, but, deep down, I wasn't. I was actually hoping they would do exactly what they said they were going to do.

It was clear, though, that both Mom and Cassie had read my punishment story thoroughly. In that story, I wrote in detail how both of them paraded around in front of me in their bra and panties, and, used every trick they could think of entice, excite and arouse me. They would touch me, stroke me, flaunt them selves in front of me and do everything they possibly could to encourage my cock to stay hard, and keep me turned on and frustrated. The whole idea of the condom was that over time, I'd leak precum due to the way they were arousing me, and the condom would capture every drip that escaped from my hardened cock.

Then, when they milked me, the condom would catch my semen, too, and these two things would eventually cause my condom to fill with my own sexual fluids. In the punishment story I'd written, they milked me every two hours, removed the condom, saved the contents and then put me in a fresh condom. This process continued throughout the day as they said and did different things to keep me aroused. They asked me embarrassing and humiliating questions and made me do things to keep me hard. They were relentless in the way they tortured me, and through it all, my mother acted very stern – adamant about punishing me, and my sister openly enjoyed it, taking great joy in my predicament and doing everything she could to make it even more embarrassing, more humiliating and more torturous.

At the end of the story, I was spanked by my sister while my mother kept me still by holding my cock and balls in her hands. When I'd move, Mom's grip would tighten around my balls until I settled down. And, when the spanking was over, Mom produced a shot glass filled with the juices they gathered from the condoms during the day, and then as a final humiliation, they made me masturbate standing right in front of them while I took sips from the shot glass containing my sperm.

Now, you have to remember this was all detailed down to the letter in the story I wrote. Obviously, it was written as a nasty, erotic vehicle for my own personal pleasure and I had no earthly idea it would be read by anyone else, much less ever lived out like I was going to do. So, when mother said I'd be milked and eluded to the fact that I'd be made to 'take care' of the contents of the condoms, you can understand the panic that went through my mind. I wasn't sure if she would really go as far as to make me drink my own cum in front of them, but, part of me prayed that she wouldn't, and part of me prayed that she would.

Since I began writing these stories years ago, I've learned that my sensations, feelings and excitement are highest when I'm forced to do the most outlandish things, such as, masturbate in front of my mother, or my little sister. Or, be forced to let someone dress me in bra and panties – or even worse, dress me up like a little girl. And there are very few, if any, taboos in my list of favorite story themes. I've written about me being on the receiving end of strap-on while my wife, mother and little sister took turns and watched each other fuck my butt. I've written about being stripped and spanked. I've even written about being made to suck a cock and letting a guy fuck my ass. The things I haven't written about are very few – I don't write about inflicting or receiving real pain, and I've never written anything that demeans women in any way.

But, I think it's important to note that in each and every one of my stories, the main female character is either my wife, my little sister or my mother. Sometimes it's two of them, together, and sometimes it's all three. Granted, my wife didn't appear as a character in my stories until after we met and started getting serious, but, since we've been together, it's been a fair mix of all three of them in the female starring role.

One of hardest stories to write, but, which turned out to be one of my favorites, was a story where I repeatedly begged my wife, Beth, to let me watch another man fuck her. And I'm not talking about a quickie fuck, either. I wanted to see some serious, get down sucking and fucking. I wanted her to be a total slut..... I wanted to see her suck cock like a street whore and then scream and moan as the guy drilled her pussy until she was sloppy and thoroughly used. But it didn't stop there. I wanted much more from her.

I wanted my darling wife to cuckold me that night. Not in a harsh, cruel way, but, I wanted her to take complete control of the evening, leaving me helpless to do nothing more than watch her being a slut with someone else – and I wanted Beth to use my fetishes as leverage to make it nasty and memorable for me. I'd begged her for this many times, and then one day, out of the blue, my wife came home from work and told me she would do it as long as I agreed to four conditions:

1)She would do it one time only, and I would agree to never ask this again.

2)She would pick the guy and I would have absolutely no say in anything.

3)I would be under her complete control and I would obey her to the letter.

4)I would grant her complete forgiveness and it would never be held against her.

So, in the story, I eagerly agreed to her conditions. When the time came for my wish to come true, the whole experience would start early in the day when we checked into a fancy hotel downtown. Once we got in the room, she shaved my cock and balls, and dressed me in a frilly bra and panty set. Then, I spent hours helping her get ready – bathing her, shaving her pussy bare for her lover, washing her hair, helping her dress in the perfect bra and panties and then helping her slip into the sexiest little black dress I'd ever seen my petite wife wear.

As the story went on, I took her down to the classy restaurant in the lobby and we had a quiet dinner of lobster tails and prime rib. We made small talk as we ate, but she never said one thing about her lover, or about what was going to happen that night. Finally, as the waiter brought the check, she simply told me to stay there in the restaurant for thirty minutes and then go into the bar and have a drink. She told me she'd end everything if I didn't keep my end of the agreement and then, she leaned over and kissed me sweetly on the lips, and silently walked away.

I won't go on anymore about that specific story right now, but, suffice it to say that I got everything I asked for, and more. I got to watch him slip his hand up between her legs, take her panties off and fondle her in the hotel bar. When she finally signaled me to follow them, we went upstairs to the room, she stripped me in front of the man and then made me undress her first, and then him. This guy had the biggest and thickest cock I'd ever seen in my life, and when she pushed me down on my knees in front of him, I knew exactly what she wanted me to do. I sucked his cock until he was hard and once he was ready, I guided his cock into my wife and sat in the chair next to the bed and watched this big dicked guy take my wife. By the time it was over, he'd fucked Beth hard and wild, and she had several thunderous orgasms. The evening culminated with him cumming in her pussy while Beth panted and moaned with every stroke. After he left, she made me clean her up and then we spent all night having wonderful sex together.

The story, even now, still makes me seriously hard. And although I know Beth would never do anything like that, it's a good example of the kind of kink I've been writing in my stories.

So, hopefully you can identify with what was going through my mind as I stood naked in my mom's kitchen, along with my mother and my sister, wearing only that condom. I wasn't sure exactly how far they would go with this, how many of my stories they had read and how much they really knew about my kinks, fetishes, and desires. But, there was a possibility I would be run through the ringer by the time they were done with me.

"Oh!" My mother suddenly said, breaking me out of my trance. "I forgot something upstairs we're going to need for the first milking. You guys get started on breakfast and I'll be back in a minute. Cassie," Mom added, "be sure you stay with your brother and watch him closely."

After Mom had left the kitchen, Cassie leaned over to me and quietly asked, "Did you say anything to Mom about what we did last night?"

"No." I answered, shaking my head.

Cassie told me Mom had come into her room this morning and asked about the nightie I was wearing, but, all my sister said was that she'd given me a pretty hard time last night, said some things that made me cry and then she felt sorry for me. So, she ended up giving me the nightie and panties as a way to say she was sorry.

"Well, I didn't even say half that much." I replied. "I just told her we talked for a while and before I went to bed, you gave me the panties and the nightie."

"Good." Cassie sighed. "I think she'd be pretty pissed at me if she knew I let you have my panties and made you jack off for me last night."

Then, Cassie sauntered up to me and put her hand smartly on my ass. "You've got a nice butt, big brother." She said, quietly. "And, by the sounds of it, I'm going to be very acquainted with it by the end of your punishment."

I turned my head to look at Cassie and she was grinning as she spoke, saying, "Mom seems to be pretty adamant about punishing you today. She seems to think it's going to humiliate the crap out of you – maybe even scare you back into Beth's arms." Cassie added. "But, I think she's wrong. I think you're going to be loving this the whole time."

"I can't wait to see this milking thing she's talking about." Cassie whispered to me. "I've heard about it, and if it's what I think it is, it sounds like it going to be more fun for us than it is for you."

Cassie's hand snaked around in front of me and she put her hand on my cock. As she started to rub me, she said, "I've got a surprise planned for you later if I can pull it off. I think you're gonna like it, that's all I can say right now."

We heard the toilet flush upstairs and Cassie said we better get busy with breakfast. Mom was just coming into the kitchen as I cracked the first egg and Cassie set the fry pan on the stove to start the bacon. Both my sister and I turned to see what was so important she needed from her room for my milking, and when Mom saw us both looking at her, she sat it all down on the kitchen table and showed us.

She brought three large, fluffy bed pillows, and two clean towels. She also had a few wash cloths, and finally, holding up a small bottle of personal lubricant, looked right at me, saying "You'll thank me later for not forgetting the lube."

Cassie broke out in a fit of laughter which caused Mom to snicker along with her. Then she gathered everything up in her arms and took it all into the living room and walked back into the kitchen.

"I was thinking we'll do his milking in the living room." Mom said casually to Cassie, as I broke the rest of the eggs. "There's plenty of light in there and we can just put your brother on the couch while we do it. Plus, there's enough room to move around so you can see how it's done."

My little sister was giggling as Mom spoke, and as I glanced over at her with a scowl on my face, Cassie just shrugged her shoulders and smiled at me.

"Mom," Cassie replied, "I'm kind of curious about something. How is it that you know so much about this milking stuff?"

Mom was pouring the fresh coffee into cups for the three of us, and without missing a beat, she answered Cassie's question just as if we were talking about the weather.

"Don't forget," Mom answered, "I used to be a nurse, and the milking is purely a physical reaction to stimulation of the male prostate gland." Mom went on to explain, saying, "It's an internal procedure, Dear. You know where the prostate gland is on the male, right?"

"Uh, yeah!" Cassie exclaimed, bursting out in laughter again. "Inside that cute little butt of his!"

"That's awfully crude, but correct." Mom answered. "We'll have to manually palpate the gland using a finger."

"You mean we're going to stick our fingers up his butt?" Cassie howled, laughing so hard I thought she was going to fall down.

"Well, yes." Mom replied. "As you get older, you'll probably discover on your own that many men actually enjoy some degree of anal stimulation, so it's probably a good skill for you to learn, Dear."

I was beating the eggs with a fork as I listened to them talk. My cock was throbbing and my face was red with embarrassment. They were talking about sticking their fingers in my butt and I was right there, in the same room with them, while they were discussing this. After a few seconds, I felt Mom's hand on my shoulder as she peered around my chest to see how I was doing with the eggs.

"You don't need to be concerned about the milking, Sweetheart." Mom said to me, lovingly. "I promise we're not going to hurt you. We'll make sure you're comfortable before we start, and we'll use a lot of lube. I realize this kind of thing can be extremely embarrassing for a man, but, if you want to earn our forgiveness, you'll just have to be brave and deal with it."

As she walked over to see how Cassie was doing with the bacon, Mom turned her head to me and added, "And Tom, you're not the first man to ever be milked, you know."

While we made breakfast, Cassie did little things to tease me – like reaching over to tug on my cock when mother wasn't looking, and, brushing her bra up against my arm or my back. I did manage to get a good look down inside Cassie's bra, though, and that was a pretty sweet treat.

I'm not normally a small tit guy, but Cassie's little pixie boobs were the things dreams were made of. Unlike Mom's much fuller breasts, Cassie's were very petite and firm. They were just little cones sticking out from her chest with cute, perky nipples. She didn't even have enough to have to wear a bra if she didn't want to, and quite honestly, they were beautiful little boobs, and I'd whacked off to the sight of them plenty of times in the past. I'd even tried a couple of her bras on a time or two while I was masturbating with a pair of her panties. And, even though I could get into them, they were way too tight to comfortably enjoy.

After more teasing, we finally sat down to eat. Mom carefully put a towel on my chair before I sat down at the table, casually telling me that while I was naked, I should probably use a towel for the sake of cleanliness. Again, Cassie broke out in laughter, but this time, Mom gave her a definite cautioning look.

As we were eating, Mom told Cassie she wanted her to run an errand as soon as they finished the first milking. "Your brother and I can clean the kitchen up ourselves, but, I'd like you to run over to the outlet mall for me." Mom said, casually. "Go to that underwear outlet store and see if you can find a few things for your brother to wear when I take him out to the grocery store with me later."

"I'm thinking he should have some little girl style panties," Mom added, "you know the kind...... with little animals or hearts on them, maybe with some frilly lace or ruffles. Use your judgment and get whatever you can find."

"See if you can get some help from one of the sales girls." Mom continued. "Just tell her they're for a larger child and she should be able to take you right to them."

"Or," Cassie said, giggling, "I could just tell her they're for my big, strong, sissy brother who's dying to be dressed up like a ten year old girl."

"Cassie, be nice." Mom scolded. "I think he's being punished enough as it is without you making it worse for him."

Then, after taking a bite, Mom put down her fork and said, "See if you can get a training bra, too. I'm sure they'll have larger chest sizes because it's an outlet. You'll probably have to find something stretchy, though....... probably a 38 inch bust size, and the cup size won't matter for a training bra."

Cassie was trying her best to contain her amusement, and Mom turned to me and explained. "I'm going to take you to the grocery store to help me with the heavy stuff and the bags, Sweetheart. But, just because I'm allowing you to be dressed for that short amount of time, it doesn't mean your punishment stops. I think wearing the little girl underwear under your clothes is a reasonable substitute for being naked. Don't you?"

My mother probably knew my heart was jumping for joy at what she was proposing. I sat there and tried to pretend like I didn't like the idea, but inside, my brain was exploding with happiness. Maybe she'd read in one of my stories about my desire to be dressed up like a little girl, I don't really know for sure, but, my cock was lurching at the thought of having the two of them put me in a training bra and cute, little girl panties.

We were half way done with breakfast when Mom asked to see my little sister's fingernails. As Cassie held her hands up, Mom reached out to feel each fingernail and looked at each one closely. "You can't have any jagged nails on your fingers when you milk your brother." Mom said. "You'll need to go trim a few of those so they're shorter and smoother."

Cassie looked at me, then looked at Mom and replied, "Well, we're only talking about putting one finger in him, aren't we?"

"Well, one might think so, Dear." Mom answered. "But we might need to use two in his bottom to get him relaxed and prepared, and your other hand has to work that sensitive area under the head of his penis called the frenulum."

"The what?" Cassie, asked.

"The frenulum." Mom said, taking a sip of her coffee. "It's a very sensitive spot filled with nerve endings on the underside of the penis. While you're massaging his prostate gland with one hand, you'll use your other hand to gently rub the frenulum. If we do it right, he shouldn't get enough stimulation to reach a pleasurable climax. And since he's wearing a condom, the only way to tell when the milking actually happens is by feeling his semen flowing through his penis. If you press your fingertips on his frenulum, you'll probably be able to feel his semen leaking out."

"No shit?" Cassie replied. "The frenulum, huh?"

"Cassie! Please watch your language." Mom said. "I'm not one of potty mouth college friends."

I sat there in silence as I listened to my mother explain all about the milking. She had been a nurse for a long time, but, I had no idea she knew so much about how to milk a man's penis. I was certainly learning as much about her and she was about me.

When Cassie's plate was almost empty, Mom told her to hurry up and finish and then run upstairs to trim her nails. "I want to try to get this milking out of the way soon so you can go get your brother's underwear."

"Oh yeah. The little girl underwear." Cassie replied, smiling and teasing me. "How could I forget that....... a cute little training bra and ruffly panties. That's gonna look so cute."

When Cassie stood up from the table, there was a definite crease and wet spot on the crotch of her panties. She saw me looking and she paused for a minute as she smiled down at me. She took her time picking up her plate and coffee cup, and I continued looking at her panties as she stood there. After a few seconds, Mom told her to quit showing off and get going. Giggling as she left, Cassie took her dishes to the sink and then trotted up the stairs to trim her nails.

"You can't keep from looking at her in those panties, can you?" Mom asked, looking at me. "We intentionally dressed like this so we could keep you aroused and erect, so..... look all you want, Sweetheart."

I looked down at my crotch and told her it was working. Mom chuckled a bit and asked me to stand up, and when I did, she reached out and bent my straining hard-on down and looked at it closely.

"I knew you'd probably be leaking by now." Mom said, smiling up at me. "See?"

Of course, I wouldn't have felt it happening, but she was obviously right. There was already fluid pooling in the tip of the condom, and as she toyed with it with her fingertips of one hand, her other hand went between my legs and she cradled my balls gently in the palm of her hand.

"They're heavy." She whispered. "The milking is probably going to be unbearably agonizing for you, Sweetheart. It's not going to feel like a normal ejaculation. You probably won't even feel it happening."

"I figured that part out already." I replied.

"Just remember what I said." Mom reminded me. "If you're good and play along with us, there will be a treat in store for you after it's over. Your sister thinks I'm punishing you for writing those stories about us, peeking at us and taking our panties. We'll just let her go on thinking that and I'll make it up to you later, I promise."

I smiled when she said those words. I wasn't sure what the 'treat' was going to be, but, it sounded like something I was going to enjoy, and after spending a day naked with the two of them, I was probably going to need it in the worst way.

Mom was still sitting, but, she swung her legs around to face me, wrapping her hand around my cock and dropping her other hand down inside her panties. "You have such a lovely penis, Sweetheart." Mom whispered, as she pulled me closer. "It's been so long since I held one in my hand.... since before the divorce."

Mother's head tilted down and the next thing I knew, she was sucking on my condom covered cock right in the middle of the kitchen. She was actually sucking me – holding me tight and taking me into her mouth and sucking around the head of my cock. I was shocked, to say the least. I suppose I understood why she came into my room this morning and asked me to jack off for her, and she clearly explained why she let me see her pussy, but I wasn't sure why she was sucking me, and you know – it didn't matter. What she was doing felt wonderful and it was the third time already today I wondered what sex with my mother would be like.

My sister was just a tease, I knew that. She always had been popular and had boys chasing after her. Cassie was good eye candy, she had a good body to jerk off to, and her panties were usually wet and slimy with her girl juice. But, Mom was different – she was sensual and sexy without having to try. She was sophisticated and she had some refinement and an aura around her that was genuinely attractive. On top of that, she was a former high school beauty queen, and college swim star. And in the last few hours, I'd thought about my mother more than I'd thought about my wife. For that matter, I'd thought about sex with my mother more in the last two hours than I thought about sex with my wife in the last two weeks.

Her mouth was still lightly sucking, kissing and licking its way up and down the length of my cock as I looked down at what she was doing. When she peered up and saw me watching her, she pulled off my cock and flicked her hair behind her shoulders and smiled.

"You're not going to have some kind of emotional problem, or be scarred for life if I have a little fun with you later, are you?" Mom asked me. "If so, tell me now."

"Absolutely not." I whispered. "You should read my story, 'My Lovely Mother' and you'll know the answer to that question."

"I'm intrigued," Mom answered, as she tugged on my package for a few seconds. "I'll have to do that tonight."

We heard the sound of Cassie's footsteps on the stairs. Mother immediately pulled away from me, and I turned and walked to the sink to hide my wet, slobbery cock. When Cassie bounded in, she walked right up to Mom and held her hands out, asking if her fingernails were okay now. When mother said they were fine, Cassie giggled and began chanting in a childlike voice.

"Time for the milking! Tommy's getting milked now! Fingers up the butt time!" Cassie sung her little rhyme three or four times in a row before Mom stood up.

"Cassie!" Mom exclaimed. I turned from the sink and watched as Mom took a step toward Cassie and shook her finger at my little sister.

"Cassie, enough is enough!" Mom said sternly. "Your brother is being punished and what he's going through is not expressly for your personal amusement and entertainment."

"I don't mind you taking some enjoyment from his predicament because I think you deserve some payback for all the things he's done," mother added, "but, if you don't cool it with your snippy comments and start showing some maturity and at least a hint of compassion for your brother's situation, I can think of some equally embarrassing and humiliating punishments to put you through in front of your brother."

"Like what?" I interrupted, with a grin on my face.

"Like maybe a full female exam." Mother replied, looking right at my little sister. "Breast, pelvic and rectal. Don't forget I worked in a gynecologist's office for years."

Cassie's eyes popped open and she looked at Mom. "You wouldn't! Not in front of him!" Cassie exclaimed.

"If you keep this up, I guarantee I would." Mother replied. "So you better show some empathy for your brother's circumstances or you'll find yourself naked with your legs wide open....... and it'll be his fingers in your butt – and maybe other places, too!"

Mother sure got Cassie's attention and it was obvious my little sister got the message. I sort of felt sorry for Cassie because I knew she was just having a little fun. And, I wasn't mad or upset with her at all. Mom calmly and politely asked for Cassie to apologize to me and as I stood there waiting to see what was going to happen, Cassie walked up to me gave me a quick hug, pressing her small, bra clad chest into mine.

"I'm sorry." Cassie said with a sincere look on her face. "I know this isn't any fun for you."

"Thank you." Mom said to Cassie. "Now please, act your age from now on."

Just as she was finished speaking, the kitchen phone rang and Mom reached over to the wall to pick up the wireless handset.

"Oh! Beth...... uh, hold on a second....." Mom said into the phone as she looked in my direction. Then pointing her finger right at me, she covered the microphone on the phone with her hand and whispered "Watch him" to Cassie, and then turned and took the phone upstairs. I assume she wanted to talk to Beth alone, and that made me incredibly nervous.

"Well, let's hope Beth hasn't forgiven you so soon and wants you to come home." Cassie said as she walked up next to me and wrapped both her hands around my straining cock. "That would ruin all our plans, wouldn't it? You don't know how much I've been looking forward to learning how to milk you, Big Brother."

"Don't get me wrong." My little sister said immediately as she started to giggle. "For your sake, I hope she does forgive you. But not for a couple of days."

I gave Cassie an exasperated look and rolled my eyes. In return, she let go of my cock and then re-grasped the middle of my shaft and began tugging on me furiously.

"I read two more of your stories last night after our little play time, and I've got to say," she said, looking up into my eyes, "you've given me some great ideas of things we can do together. And, uh..... things I can do to you. So, from my point of view, I hope Beth is still mad at you, 'cause if she is, we'll at least have all day today and tonight together."

I looked down at my little sister and she had a grin on her face that stretched from side to side. All of a sudden, she stopped stroking me and stepped right up in front of me and started rubbing my hardened cock back and forth across her belly. "I like seeing you naked, Tom." She said softly. "In fact, I'd like it to continue if that's possible."

"I can't wait to see you dressed up in the bra and panties I'm going to buy for you at the store today." She whispered. "You looked so cute last night in my nightie and my panties, just wait until Mom and I dress you up later. I'll be sure to get something ultra feminine and girlish. You'll like that won't you?"

She waited for my answer, rubbing my cock across her stomach and bending it down so the tip of my cock grazed across the material of her panties. "That is what you want me to buy, right?" Cassie asked. "You don't want to miss a chance like this do you? A chance to dress up the way you've always dreamed about? A training bra just your size and some cute, pink panties with little butterflies on them?"

"What was it you said in that one story?" Cassie said, holding her finger to her chin as if she was trying to remember what I'd written.

"Oh, I remember." She said, giggling out loud. "You wanted your own training bra. Not a bra for a grown up woman that had boobs. You wanted a real training bra, with thin, soft cups..... no padding..... and one that would fit you perfectly. Something embarrassing and humiliating. Wasn't that it? "

"Pink, if I remember correctly, and matching cotton panties, too. Isn't that right?" My little sister asked as she began to stroke my cock up and down again.

"You might only get this chance once, Tom." She said with a somber tone. "If that's what you really want, you better tell me now so I'll know what to look for."

I felt the heat of my embarrassment spread from my neck to my face. "Come on." Cassie urged. "Just say it. I know that's what you want. Just tell me."

Cassie kept stroking my cock, and I was amazed at how well she could give a hand job. But hoping to change the subject, I warned her she ought to back off or I might cum.

"Then you better answer my question pretty quick, then huh?" She answered. "You know Mom won't be happy if you cum."

"Okay," I replied, "yes..... a real training bra that will fit me. One that's my size if you can find one. And, matching panties, too."

Cassie let go of my cock and giggled up at me. "Okay." My little sister answered. "I'll try to find exactly what you want, and, Tom......." she added, "it would be a huge shame if you had to leave and go back home before you had a chance for us to dress you in them."

To be continued.

