The age is getting lower and lower these days when boys are worshipped as athletes and given special treatment. It's down to seventh grade in basketball. Middle schools are trying to recruit the top players away from their neighborhoods, even supplying bogus addresses so they can play for them. These guys don't have much academic pressure either. They get all the help they need, including alteration of grades to keep them eligible.

What do they learn from all this? That they are special; that the rules don't apply to them; that almost any kind of behavior they engage in will be tolerated. The result for those who don't make it as professional athletes is disastrous. They never learn to control their impulsive behavior, they are not equipped to do anything and suffer the rest of their lives as a result.

What you may not realize is that there are some girls in a similar situation. We're not necessarily intelligent. We don't excel at athletics. We just have the one personal characteristic most valued by our society - we look good.

I am a prime example. I started to notice it in grade school. Guys would offer to provide all kinds of services for me just for the favor of my time. They would carry my books, do my homework, offer to beat each other up, though how that was supposed to be of value to me I never knew.

As I moved into middle school and high school, I was more revered than our star power forward. I was prom queen not only for the junior and senior proms, but the write-in vote picked me senior prom queen when I was a sophomore, though the principal disallowed it.

In high school I got even better service. Guys did my homework, wrote my papers, wrote my book reports, chauffeured me wherever I demanded to go, bought me things because I wanted them and granted any other whim that came into my mind. There was even this one nerd named Bill, I mockingly took to calling him Little Willie in a sing song voice just to let him know his place. Despite the fact that he was a couple of years younger, he would prep me for tests. He didn't just go over the material with me. He analyzed it, came up with the most likely questions to be asked on the test and wrote the answers most likely to be successful for the style of the teacher. And how did I reward him for these services? I let him provide them. He got to spend time in my presence. He thought he might be entitled to more than that. He asked me out to a movie. I could have been cruel. I could have told him I was so far out of his league that no matter what he did the rest of his life he would never catch up. But I was kind. I just told him he was too immature and that when he grew up he could consider asking me again.

The majority of these services were provided by nerds, but the elite were not immune to my charms. The quarterback and the star forward had their pick of girls, except me. With most of the other girls, not only did they have a reasonable expectation that sex would be provided, they could name the particular sex act in which they were interested and the girls would comply. But my status was so high that they had no expectation that I would do anything for or with them. I would become involved with them in serious kissing, but it was the rare occasion on which I "forgot" and allowed them to touch my breast - on the outside of my clothing, of course.

Those rules were necessary to maintain my status in high school, but in college, I did have some competition, not serious competition, but competition nonetheless. It wasn't just the competition. I wanted to enjoy sexual experiences myself, and I was eighteen, which meant I was legal. So I became freer with, of course, the college elite. I dated the wealthy, the top athletes and the children of famous people. Even as a freshman. I was so knock out, drop dead gorgeous that I was readily welcomed into these circles.

I was also a lot smarter than your average jock. I knew I could not completely succeed on the work of others. I knew, for example, that I couldn't get anybody to take my college boards for me and would, therefore, need to actually understand much of the work other people did for me in high school. I knew I would need to understand much of the material in order to succeed in a good college. And it was important for me to get into a good college because the elite there would be better than the elite at a lesser school. This was important to my overall life plan.

I could have made it on my own. My family had money. I guess that's not making it on my own and making it on my own was what I wanted to do. I could absolutely have been a model. But I understand that's a lot of work and, from what I had learned when I was young, I could achieve the same or greater level of wealth by marrying well. I wouldn't marry just for money. But surely there would be wealthy, successful guys out there worthy of being loved. In the meantime, whatever temporary profession I chose, I would have lots of useful contacts to help me generate business.

Best of all, I didn't have to make a choice now. I could pursue other interests, particularly sexual interests, without interfering with my overall plan. I didn't even have to be especially promiscuous to get the range of experience I desired because, secret's out guys - girls talk. I knew who was hung, who had special talents, who I could go to if I wanted to try out some kinky experiment. Not only do girls talk, they especially wanted to talk to me to curry favor. I was the hottest woman on campus and my stature grew steadily until, by my sophomore year, I was an undisputed phenomenon.

As we approached Thanksgiving break in my junior year I began to notice unusual things happening. A couple of the girls who had been climbing the social register were unaccountably absent from some key events and parties. On a Tuesday I saw one of them heading in my general direction. I felt it my responsibility to investigate what was happening to one of my retinue.

"Hi, Jennifer. I haven't seen you around lately. What's keeping you so busy?"

"Hi, Ashley. You know, just taking care of school, enjoying life." There was something different about her. We were all happy with the lifestyle we were leading, but she seemed to have a level of contentment I had not seen before. She had a man.

"Who is he?"

"He?"

"Your new guy. You haven't been sifting through the prospects lately but you seem, I don't know, peaceful, happy. Who is he?"

She blushed. "Nobody you know. A friend introduced us."

"A blind date? Wow. You must really trust her."

She shrugged.

"So tell me about him. Jock? Connected? Classy? What?"

I had never seen her so reticent. "Just a sweet guy."

"He must be some kind of stud to keep you away from the action. He must be hung like a horse."

She blushed again and turned her head slightly away. I had never seen this girl blush at anything before and she had done it twice in one short conversation. "He's a very special guy."

"Very? So what is he, nine inches, ten?" No response. "A foot? My goodness." I waved my hand back and forth in front of my face as if to cool off a sudden flush."

"That's personal. I don't think I should be talking about it."

"Oh my god, he's even bigger. I want a crack at that." If she wasn't about to marry the guy, our code dictated that she give me that opportunity.

"I, I really didn't measure. Anyway, that has nothing to do with it."

"Right. Only guys with little dicks say size has nothing to do with it."

"He doesn't say anything about it. He is just the most unbelievable lover I've ever had." I could see regret in her face that I had pushed her to talk about it. I would have to push to get more.

"My God, how big is he? Can you even take it all?"

"I don't know for sure. Maybe around five inches." She looked down, avoiding my eyes.

I was shocked. I had no idea what to say. A guy would have to have an awful lot of money to get me to have anything to do with his five-inch dick. "So what does he do that makes it so fantastic." I said it with real curiosity, not derision.

"He knows things," she said softly.

"What things?"

"I really don't want to talk about it. We're not exclusive so, if you really want to know, I'll introduce you to him."

"Is he at least a hunk?" I almost winced as I heard it come out of my mouth. She was taken with this guy and I was trying to find out if there was any justification whatsoever.

"He looks nice enough, though probably not what you would call a hunk."

This was like pulling teeth. I was asking open-ended questions and she was giving me clipped responses. "So who introduced you to this," don't use derisive words, "special guy?"

"Candy."

"No fucking way." It just slipped out. Candy was the other girl who had been AWOL. Jennifer was offering no unsolicited information so I had to press on. "So what is it that's so special about this guy?"

"He's sweet and sincere. He treats me with respect, not at all like a sex object. And he has such a quiet self confidence it's hard not to be captivated by him."

"Do I hear love?"

"Not exactly. I thought I felt that way at first, but he's helped me to know myself better and I love being with him but I'm not in love with him. He helped me realize I'll find the right guy. I just have to be patient."

"But you keep fucking him anyway?"

"And I have no plans to stop. He's too good. We do other stuff too."

"So how did Candy know him?"

"She started seeing him first. She's not in love with him either, but she won't give him up voluntarily."

"Wow. Wow. So how has this incredible guy managed to keep himself so well hidden for so long?"

She giggled and looked down again. "He's a freshman."

"Holy shit!" It was unthinkable that I, or any of us, would go out with a freshman. Not that a twenty year old girl can't go out with an eighteen year old guy, but he was a freshman, completely without status. However it was intriguing as well. I could spin it as doing a favor for a friend and make myself look courageous, supremely confident. "I must meet this interesting man." Would "boy" have been more appropriate?

"I'll see what I can do."

I haven't gone into any detail about my looks because, frankly, I don't want to sound like a narcissist. I'm five foot eight, and I have blond hair. I know it's become fashionable to shave off pubic hair, but I don't do it because I want to leave no doubt that I'm a natural blond for those who are lucky enough to see me naked. Suffice it to say that if you were out on the date with the most beautiful woman you had ever met and I walked by, your eyes would follow me until I disappeared from sight, even if you are a woman.

I spoke with Jennifer on the phone and negotiated a coffee shop study date. I could easily spin a study date but a movie or dinner or, god forbid dancing, would be a serious breach of protocol requiring flagrant misrepresentation.

You don't get your way almost all the time without being pushy. "Come on Jen, tell me something. Give me something to look forward to." I call her Jennifer to emphasize my status over her. I called her Jen to make her feel I was closer to her; to make her want to please me.

"Aaaaaaah."

"Please."

"Okay. He's a great kisser."

I arrived in the coffee shop in the Student Union ten minutes late. I would not appear anxious and I thought it better form to see her rather than have her see me and bring him to my table.

And there she was. I saw her from the side but didn't get a very good view of him. As I got closer I was surprised by his look and his looks. He wasn't bad looking but I never would have noticed him in a crowd. He was kind of thin. What was striking was his clothing. He looked like he was wearing clothes his mother picked out for him for college. This was probably because he was wearing clothes his mother picked out for him for college. No, he didn't have on a cheap white dress shirt appropriate for a pocket protector. But if you put him in a lineup, ten out of ten girls would have identified him as the nerd.

"Hi, Jennifer. Been waiting long?"

"No. Just an appropriate amount of time. Jeff, this is Ashley."

He stood to shake my hand. I think they used to do that in black-and-white movies. "Nice to meet you, Ashley. Jen has been saying some nice things about you."

"She's been saying some nice things about you too." I shook his hand. I guess that's what you're supposed to do. It wasn't the limp handshake I had been expecting, but neither was it the kind I experienced from the guys in my crowd, the kind that said, "I'm better than you."

I have to admit he had a nice smile. It was warm and friendly as if he really was happy to meet me. But it wasn't the kind that said he had been set up with a hot one. He showed no awe of me, which was very surprising, because almost everyone else did, including the women.

"I can't stay long," said Jennifer. "I have a study group and I need the help."

"I told you I could help you with that," he said.

"I know. But I can't rely on you for everything. I need to establish some independence, even if it is in a group."

He seemed to find that amusing.

I went to the counter and got a cup of black coffee. When I returned to the table Jennifer was gathering up her stuff and begging off to go to her study group. We were alone.

"Jennifer said you're just a freshman. How can you help with her courses?"

"I know some stuff. I read a lot."

"Maybe you should be taking junior courses." My tone made my insincerity obvious.

He hesitated, as if reluctant to speak. "I am."

"How can you be taking advanced courses as a freshman?"

"I placed out of some stuff on the entrance evaluation exams."

"What courses?"

"Ah, just some stuff. Nothing important. Jen says you were homecoming queen last year. Does that take a lot of time away from your studies?"

"Nah. I'm pretty smart. I can keep up with the stuff pretty easily."

"You're fortunate. Some people here have to work very hard to do well."

"Thanks." When was he going to mention my breathtaking beauty? I had never been on any kind of date where the guy didn't almost wax poetic over it unless he was tripping over his tongue. What was wrong with this guy?

"If I'm talking too much just tell me. I know you expected to get some studying done."

"Yeah. Maybe we should get a little done." I was inclined to think about him, to speculate on what interested him, how smart he was to skip those courses and, yeah, I'll admit it, what it was that made him so special in the sack. I didn't know if he was looking at me, but history indicates he would be stealing glances so I dug into my work.

I glanced at him a few times and smiled if he looked up at the same time. He was just reading. He took no notes. In fact, he didn't seem to even have a notebook or pen. Maybe that was in the missing pocket protector.

Two of my subjects went very smoothly. The third was a problem. I still didn't get why we were doing it. I could sort of keep up with how to do it, but I never understood why, and that muddied up my understanding of each thing I learned. I threw down my pencil in disgust.

He looked up. "Problem?"

"I just don't understand this damn accounting. I never got why we always do two entries. That makes it tough to know what entry goes where, because I don't know why I'm doing it."

He reached into his pocket. "I'm sorry. I seem not to have brought enough money with me. Could you loan me a buck?"

He had the most annoying ability to change the subject. "Are you good for it?"

"You can track me down if I don't pay up."

I handed him a dollar.

"What's your financial situation now that you've loaned me a dollar?"

"What?"

"Are you any better off? Worse off? The same?"

"I'm out a buck."

"Let's look at the entries. You have one dollar less in cash, but you also have a one dollar entry in your Loans Outstanding account. So one asset was credited because it was decreased - cash. But the other asset, Loans Outstanding, was debited by the same amount. There hasn't been any change in your financial situation except to the extent that cash may be a better quality asset than a loan. If all you did was a single entry for the reduction in cash, you would have no way to know it didn't affect your financial position at all and you wouldn't have any record that I owed you the money.

"With other types of transactions you may be making two entries that allow you to keep track of profit and loss at the same time you maintain your assets. The whole idea of the thing is that, in some way, the fact that assets equal liabilities plus owners' equity allows you a complete picture of your profit and loss at the same time you know all your assets and what you owe. Do you know any algebra?"

"Yes. I remember some."

"Remember that if you do the exact same thing to both sides of an equation, you don't change its validity?"

"Example?"

"6 = 3y. If you divide each side of the equation by three you get six over three is two equals three over three, that's one, times y. So the new equation is 2 = y. You did the exact same thing to both sides so you don't change the nature of the relationship. That's kind of what you're doing with double-entry accounting."

"Shit. Why didn't they just say that?"

He shrugged.

"It sure is easier to know what to do when you understand why you're doing it."

He nodded. He didn't talk a lot.

"Why couldn't they just say that?"

"Understanding things is easier if you can see them in a context you already understand. They don't have you one on one so they can't tell if the metaphor worked for you. I have the advantage of trying out as many metaphors as I need to get the idea across."

"You're a smart guy."

"I was given some gifts. Everybody gets gifts. You got intelligence, personality, a nice smile."

It was a compliment, not an homage. I liked it. It reeked of sincerity. "Thanks." This guy was different. He treated me with respect. He related to me as a person. To him I was not the hottest woman he could ever imagine seeing. I was someone he could sit and talk to quietly, someone he could just spend silent time with while we were working separately, someone he just liked to be with. It made me feel really good. Sure, it was nice being worshipped. But this, I don't know, I think it made me a little happier to be me. What a strange effect he was having on me.

It was starting to get late and we agreed that it was time to get going. He offered to walk me home and I accepted.

My apartment was less than a mile from the Student Union, but that provided more than enough time for me to have second thoughts. I was walking openly through the campus with a nerdy freshman. This could not go anywhere good. Sure I had that good feeling briefly. But grief was more likely to follow. If I was going to derive something from this whole experience, I wanted to get in and get out quickly.

When we got to my door, I took charge. "Kiss me. Jennifer says you're great so let me see what is so special about your kissing."

"I don't think so. With that attitude, no kiss would satisfy you. You seemed nice back there but this shows a really, unflattering side of you. I hope you're in a better mood later." He turned and walked away.

I was really pissed and confused. Nobody had ever walked away from me like that. The confusion prevented me from saying anything as he left. If I had spoken, it would have been nasty and I'm sure I would never have seen him again. Did I want that? I hate the word, but why had I been such a bitch? Did I care what he thought? Why was I being so wishy washy? I knew what I wanted from life and I knew how to get it. This was giving me a headache. I had to get to sleep.

I can't tell you why, but the kissing incident continued to nag at me. Looking back, I think it was that I didn't like being characterized as not nice. That's really what he had accused me of. I hadn't thought of myself that way, but I did understand how he could. The next afternoon I called Jennifer.

"Did he say anything about me, about what happened?"

"First, he would never say anything about what happened between you. He would consider that your business. He doesn't tell tales. Second, even if he slipped, I would never repeat it. I respect him too much to do that. He did make a general comment about you and that I can repeat. He said you were complicated."

"Complicated?"

"Yes."

"I sure don't know how to take that." Although it was better than other things he could have said.

"Ask him."

"Can you tell me some stuff about him?"

"It depends on what you want to know."

"He seems pretty smart. No, he seems very smart. He talked about some courses he skipped. And he seems to know about a lot of things. He helped me with my accounting. He says he helps you with your courses. How smart is this guy?"

"Well, Ashley, he's probably the smartest guy you'll ever meet. He placed out of two years of French and Spanish. That's all the tests cover. But they evaluated his skills and placed him in graduate level courses in both. He was put in the advanced courses in math, chemistry and physics. He's here on a National Merit Scholarship. If I didn't know him I would think he was just an urban legend."

"Damn. You know he wasn't even taking notes when we studied. What's up with that?"

"He has a photographic memory. But he doesn't just know the facts. He understands them."

"How did you find all this out?"

"Mostly from him. It was like pulling fucking teeth. If I were half that smart, I'd be bragging all over the place. He doesn't even want to talk about it."

"Yeah, I noticed he is really good at changing the subject."

"So, are you going to see him again?"

"I don't know. I haven't decided. Something about him disturbs me. Maybe it's that he takes me so far out of my comfort zone. Is he going to call me?"

"I don't know."

"Shit. I can't believe I might have to call him. Give me his number in case I decide to. And you can't tell anyone about this."

"If you don't want me to, I won't."

I have been in the position to ask a guy to take me to some event where nobody who was invited was an acceptable date for me. But I had never just invited a guy out on a date. What if he said no? Was that possible? If I had a nickel for every time I had said no, I would never have to work. He didn't completely blow me off. Was this what guys felt every time they had to call a girl for a date? It sucked.

"Hi, Jeff. I don't know if you remember me."

"Now, Ashley. You're being disingenuous."

All right, I read. I know what disingenuous means. But who the fuck uses it in actual conversation? It is a word meant only to be used on the printed page. "Well." That could have meant anything. I didn't know. Let him figure it out.

"I had a nice time studying with you the other night."

Yes! I was getting a second chance. "Me too. I was wondering if you were doing anything tonight."

"Well, I do have plans, but perhaps you'd like to come along. I'm going to see the wrestling team."

"Sure." What? Is there a more boring, nerdier sport? I wonder if we have a badminton team.

"Great. I'll stop by at six thirty and we can walk together to the rec center."

I've been driven on dates in a Rolls Royce. I've been driven in a Lamborghini. Tonight I was walking to the rec center with a freshman nerd. How low could I sink? "I'll be waiting." This was really starting to weird me out. At least he hadn't said no.

Fortunately he didn't try to hold my hand on the walk over. I have no idea what I would have done.

Wrestling may still be a nerdy sport for guys, but for the girls, it is heavenly. All different weight classes and sizes, but these were sparsely dressed, exquisitely muscled, grunting, sweating specimens of testosterone laden masculinity. I could have enjoyed watching this at home on a DVD. It was downright arousing. Did this guy discover some new kind of visual aphrodisiac?

Had he been someone I would normally go out with, I would have taken him straight home and he would have gotten as lucky as it was possible to get. As it was, after the match ended we went to Bob's Big Boy for something to eat. Not exactly my usual fare. But he was probably on a limited budget and I knew how to be gracious.

I was still fired up when we got to my door. What the hell. I would show nerd boy what kissing was all about. He was about to have the ride of his life. I put my arms around him and moved my lips toward his. He was surprisingly strong given that he had no visually apparent muscle. A brief kiss. Nibble his lower lip with my lips. A tentative tongue across his lips. A little suction. Our tongues touched; they dueled back and forth. He ran his tongue along my teeth. Oh my. This was so good it took my breath away. We teased. We devoured. We consumed. It was the greatest kiss of my life. I felt like I was floating on air, protected by his strong arms. It seemed to go on forever. Then I became aware of a small group of girls across the street. They were applauding our kiss.

What had happened here? I had intended to show him what an incredible kiss was like. Maybe I did. But he had certainly shown me as well. I unlocked my door and dragged him in behind me. I headed straight for my bedroom with him in tow. I pushed him down on my bed and opened a few buttons on my blouse. I lowered myself on top of him and we went back to that scrumptious kissing.

I don't know how long we did that but it occurred to me at some point that he hadn't tried anything further. I undid the rest of the buttons and removed my blouse. I unhooked my bra and tossed it off. Then I lifted his crew neck shirt which had the logo "InTime" from a consulting company he used to work for, pulled it over his head and tossed it away. He ran his hands lightly over my back. He drew them down my arms, up my sides, across my shoulders, around my neck, over my cheeks, then back down. When he reached my waist he moved his hands to my stomach and up to the bottom of my ribcage to just below my breasts. Then he slid them around to my sides and up to my armpits. Couldn't he find my damn breasts?

I couldn't take any more. I grabbed his hands and moved them to what he had been avoiding. His touch was light. He moved his fingers in random patterns avoiding my nipples like he had been avoiding my breasts. I wanted to punch him. I wanted to fuck him.

He rolled us so that he was on top, putting most of his weight on his knees and elbows. He kept threatening to touch my nipples and withdrawing. Finally, when I was sure I could take no more, he touched them, still lightly. This didn't arouse them. They were beyond further arousal. I moaned. I could feel the sensations travel from my nipples throughout my body. I don't care if it's not possible, that's how it felt.

He took one of my nipples in his mouth. I didn't care which one. Neither did he. He switched. He sucked and released. He tapped with his tongue. He blew on it. My God.

Then his fingers were back. He was pinching them with more force but they were ready for the assault. I was sodden at this point. I thought he might have to cut my jeans and panties off me with surgical scissors. He ran his nails lightly around my breasts. The sensation was not as intense as the previous ones, but was exquisite nonetheless.

Suddenly he began pressing his fingers into opposite sides of my breasts as if to squash them. I had felt this kind of assault before from inept neophytes who evidently thought you had to tenderize breasts like a tough steak. After all he had done, what the fuck was he doing this for? I guess the mind is the most important sexual organ because all the wonderful groundwork he had laid was ruined by his ham-fisted manhandling of my breasts.

"Stop that. What are you doing? Get off me. I don't want to do this anymore."

He stopped with, "Stop that," and got up with a confused, hurt puppy-dog look on his face. "I'm sorry. I, I, I'm just sorry." He gathered up his shirt and quickly left.

In all he had done, I had thought he was a genius. I guess it just turned out that he was so timid he was afraid to get to it. It had seemed like a carefully crafted campaign of slow arousal but it had turned out to be just a fortunate accident until the end.

I was so angry. Jennifer had portrayed him as an artist but he was more like a pre-schooler with finger paints. I didn't even pause to change clothes or put on anything I had discarded. I grabbed the phone to vent my rage on her. If she was pulling some kind of practical joke on me I would make her pay dearly.

"How the hell could you tell me he's so special? He latched onto my tits like he was riding a bucking bronco he was afraid would throw him. He had the subtlety of a sledgehammer. If you're trying to pull something on me you'll be so sorry."

"I don't understand. Calm down and tell me what happened."

I related the events to her in somewhat more colorful language than I related them to you. When I got to the end, she had to wait until I finished lambasting his performance.

"Do you really want to know what happened or do you want to be angry?"

"Hey, I'm willing to listen if you think there's a snowball's chance in hell you can make this sound right."

"Tell me, did you notice the sensations when he was mauling you, did you notice what it felt like."

I thought about it. "How could there be sensations? He was squeezing them."

"Look, everybody's different. It, well, you're obviously aware that there are lots of nerves in your nipples, right?"

"So?"

"Well the signals from your nerves go to your brain to be interpreted. How do they get there?"

I didn't answer.

"They don't magically jump through the air. They are transmitted through a network of nerve pathways that eventually lead to the brain. And where do you think the network is that leads from your nipples?"

She couldn't see me slowly shaking my head. "I don't know."

"Along the milk duct and through the center of your breasts. There are nerves in there that can be stimulated. But if you're not aroused, the signal they will carry if you're squeezed is pressure, discomfort or even pain. When you're aroused, the sensation is pleasurable. At least it is for me. If you didn't stop to recognize what you were experiencing, you may have missed it."

"How do you know all this? You're an English major?"

"He explained it to me."

"How the hell does he know all this? Is he some kind of fucking doctor?"

"He read it in a book. He reads lots of things in books. Do you think he could get you that worked up by accident? Girl, you had a panic attack."

"I don't know. I didn't, I just remembered how it was like with those inexperienced guys. I don't think I took the time to think about what I was feeling physically. Oh, fuck. He's never going to talk to me again. What the hell am I going to say to him? How can I even talk to him? I'm so embarrassed." I had really let my guard down with her in the rush of emotions. "I don't get what's going on with him. Sometimes he seems to know exactly what he's doing and other times he seems almost lost. You know he took me to Bob's Big Boy."

"Did you ask for the wine list?"

"Very funny. Is there something wrong with him or am I going crazy?"

"You've noticed. He's really good at anything he can read about and he's really good with things he's experienced. Like he gets an amazing psychological read on people most of the time, when their behavior matches something he's learned from a book. But some things he's completely clueless. He's like an idiot savant. The first time I met him he connected with me right away. He was warm, he treated me with respect, he just accepted me for who I was. So I tried to let him know I was interested. I did the touching, his hand, his arm, his chest. I threw back my head to laugh when he said something funny. I did the hair toss. I ran through the whole arsenal. So he walks me back to my place, tells me it was nice meeting me and puts out his hand to shake. I've given him every green light I know and he's trying to shake hands."

"Yes. That's what I was feeling. I don't know what's coming next. I don't know if he's going to say something so insightful it will change the rest of my life or something so clueless I can't figure how he makes it across the street by himself."

"Don't you love it? Ashley, it's so cool to see him learning from these situations he's never been in and hasn't read about. I know I'm talking like he's a lab experiment but in a few years, when he's learned all this social stuff, he's going to be almost irresistible."

"He'll still be a nerd. But I guess it's possible. I think I'm going to have to see that to believe it. For now, though, I think I want another chance with him. What do I do? What do I say?"

"Tell him the truth. Tell him how much you liked it up until then and how it brought up bad memories. He's pretty understanding."

"Thanks. Maybe I will."

Could I? Should I do it right away? I had thrown him out like he was trying to rape me. Why did I care? He was just another guy, a freshman and not particularly well off either. I could do much better. Of course, it wasn't like I was marrying the guy. And up until the time I freaked, it was by far the best sexual experience of my life. And the way he kissed. Wow.

While I was trying to decide whether or not to call him, I had a small epiphany. Aside from kissing him and the fact that my hands must have been somewhere, I had not touched him the whole time he was working on me. That was a surprising enough recognition, but I realized something more important. It was not because I didn't care whether he enjoyed himself, I was so overwhelmed by the sensations he was giving me I completely forgot to touch him. That tipped the scales. I had to call him to try again.

"Jeff, this is Ashley. I wanted to say I'm sorry for how I acted."

He didn't say anything. I assumed he thought there should be more.

There was. "I've been with some pretty inexperienced, clumsy guys. They kind of handled my,... , breasts like they were stress balls. It was painful and uncomfortable and I sort of flashed back to those experiences without trying to understand what you were doing or what I was actually feeling. I overreacted. I'm sorry."

"I'm sorry it made you feel uncomfortable. I could have explained if you had asked."

"I know."

"I'm not saying it was your responsibility to ask. When you feel a visceral response to something, you just react. You don't stop to analyze it. I'm just saying I did it for a reason. I'm sorry it made you feel bad."

"Do you always talk like that? Sometimes you sound like a dictionary."

"You're actually hearing me trying not to do that. I really work on, well, trying to say things in a way most people can understand. Sometimes the perfect word jumps into my mind and out of my mouth."

"I'm not complaining. It's just surprising to hear sometimes. Anyway, I wanted to know if we could give this another try. I promise not to go crazy again."

He had a soothing voice. He was either well practiced or sincere. "It wasn't crazy. It was just an understandable reaction given your experience. Enough said. The incident is forgotten. So what did you have in mind?"

"Study. Thursday. My place."

"I've got something Thursday. What about the weekend?"

I had not been turned down, but I had been postponed. I was not used to being postponed. People changed their schedules to accommodate me. This was new territory.

Friday and Saturday nights were prime dating and party nights at school. As much as I wanted to experience him, I had to maintain my standing in my social circle. "What about Sunday night?"

"It's a date."

As Sunday approached, I had a sense of anticipation which I tried hard to suppress. This was just another date, and not a top quality date at that. But the knot in my insides didn't agree.

I don't know what he did, but I found myself studying Sunday afternoon. I'm not sure why. I think I just wanted to be sure I wouldn't have more work to do when he left. I guess I misjudged because I had little to do when he arrived.

He noticed.

I had to explain. "I guess I've been doing my work and I'm caught up. When we set this up I thought I would have much more to do. But you can do your work. I'll find something to read. It's just nice to be here together."

"That's nice of you to say. I like spending time with you too. As far as my work, I'm pretty much up to date myself."

"I thought you had so much to do, all those advanced classes and stuff."

"Yeah, well, I keep up. I put in the time. In fact, most of the time you don't see me I'm studying."

I suspected the truth was that the work was easy for him. Nonetheless, I accepted the reality he wanted me to believe. "Well, all work and no play makes Jack a dull boy. You need to have some fun."

"Well, Jill, you're going to have to show Jack how to break out of his drudgery."

"Okay. Let me put on some music and we'll dance." I found the campus station on the radio and started moving to the beat. He didn't. "What's the problem, Jack?"

"I kind of don't know how to dance like that. I took ballroom dancing lessons but I never learned this."

He was proving the nerd stereotype. Ballroom? I took his hand. "Come on, just move to the beat. You can feel the beat, can't you? You must be able to do that for your ballroom dancing." I showed him how to move. "Just feel the music." He did surprisingly well. I had expected him to be awkward, but he didn't move like your average nerd. Maybe it was the ballroom lessons.

Something slow came on. He seemed to have a good idea how to get me to move with him and I loved being held against him. When the song ended I turned off the radio. "There's something else I would like to do. I really, incredibly loved it when we were kissing. It was by far the best I've ever had. Do you think you could work some more of your magic?"

He laughed. "It was very nice. I liked it too. But I think you have the wrong impression about what happened."

"What do you mean?"

"You thought I was really good, didn't you?"

"You better believe it."

"Not entirely true. I'm competent. There really isn't a lot of variation as to what you can do. It wasn't skill, it was mostly you."

"What are you talking about? It was both of us kissing and I gotta tell you, I've had a lot of experience and you were very good."

"What were you thinking when you started kissing me? You were thinking about the first time weren't you? And when you did, you probably decided you'd show me what kissing was all about, that I wasn't as special as Jen said. Wasn't that how you were feeling?"

Did he read my diary? "Well, kind of. But then you made it great."

"No. You made it great. You wanted to show me what knee-wobbling, passionate kissing was all about, so you did. But that put you in a mood to enjoy knee-wobbling, passionate kissing. You were primed and ready to go. About all I had to do was not slobber down your chin. You gave passion. You felt passion. You were in a perfect frame of mind to enjoy it, so you did."

"I can't believe that. You had skill. You had technique."

"You probably can't even describe what I did. It wasn't because my tongue moved to this spot or that. It was because you were emotionally involved. If you kissed and got the same technique from a poodle, would you say it was great kissing?"

"Yuk. What a disgusting thought."

"Exactly. The first time, your attitude was so lousy that nothing I could have done would have been any good for you. The second time your attitude was so good that almost nothing I could have done would have made it bad for you."

"Well, maybe. But I still have my doubts."

"You know, it's the same for most things. If you go in with the attitude that it's going to be a positive experience, that you're going to enjoy yourself, you almost always will. When you go with a chip on your shoulder, you rarely enjoy it."

That resonated. When I went to a party with an attitude, it always sucked. How did he know so much about people that he didn't have to know anything about kissing? He was always surprising me and that was scary. I'm not a big fan of surprises. I like to know what to expect. "Well, if the proper attitude is all that's required for a hot session of kissing, I plan to enjoy the hell out of it."

"Then I'm going to be really good."

And he was. Or I was. Or we were. Oh, however it works. I was thoroughly aroused and I was ready for much more. I took his hand and led him toward the bedroom.

At my door he resisted. "You go in. I want to get something. I'll be right in. Don't start without me. Or do if you want to."

I started to undress. If he was as good as Jennifer said, I didn't want to waste any time getting out of my clothes. I heard noises from what I thought was the kitchen. Did he need to eat something to prepare himself because he was expecting such a strenuous session? Just a whimsical thought.

He appeared at my door with his hands behind his back. "Why did you get undressed? That's part of the experience. Well, we can still have a good time."

He had some nerve telling me what the experience required. He moved to my night table and put a bowl down on it. It was filled with ice cubes.

I started to laugh. "This is your big technique? You're going to drip melting ice cubes on me like Mickey Rourke did in 9 1/2? weeks? Geez, get original at least."

He stood shaking his head. "I, you, can't even..." Then he turned and walked out of my room.

"Hey, where are you going? I'm just saying..." What was I saying? Was my objective to drive him away? I heard the front door slam. Did I want this experience, this relationship, if it was a relationship, to fail? Maybe I was sabotaging it. The first time I met him I challenged him about kissing. Then I blew him off for his handling of my breasts. Now I ridiculed him for wanting to try something with ice cubes. Maybe it would have been exciting even if it was cliché. I was pissed. But I wasn't sure who I was pissed at. That meant Jennifer would get another call.

"He brought ice cubes into my room." I couldn't hide the annoyance in my voice.

"Oh, you lucky girl."

Was she making fun of me? She said it like she really meant it. What was I supposed to say?

"Wasn't it unbelievable?" she asked.

"To tell you the truth, I thought it was weird. All the stuff he does is weird. I didn't even let him get to use them. He does this weird stuff and I'm supposed to think it sexy?"

"The lady doth protest too much, methinks."

"Huh?"

"It's from Hamlet, you know, Shakespeare. He took me Thursday night. Hamlet's mother, the queen, speaks the line while they're watching a play. Anyway, I'm just saying you're complaining an awful lot about him if you really don't care for him. So you probably do."

"That's silly. He's just a guy."

"The lady doth protest too much, methinks."

"Stop that. He took you to see Hamlet?"

"Yes."

"What a nerd."

"Yes and no. It's my favorite Shakespeare."

"So what's with this ice cube thing?"

"Not my place to tell you. If you manage to ever convince him to see you again, and what is this, your third strike, maybe you'll find out. What's with you anyway? Why do you keep acting this way with him? If you don't want to see him, just don't see him. Don't torment the guy."

What do I tell her? Am I acting this way? If so, why? "I don't know. I don't know what I'm doing. I'll have to try to figure this out."

"Good luck."

The problem was, I couldn't talk this over with my best friend. I didn't have one. I had friends, but a show of weakness might have encouraged them to try to usurp my position of eminence. Shit. What kind of life was I leading that I didn't have a best friend? Nerds had them. Even pathetic losers had pathetic loser best friends. I had no one.

It was almost unthinkable, but I knew that I would talk to him again, ask him to forgive me. Was it the sex I anticipated? Was that enough for me to humiliate myself? What if he told someone? I could deny it. Instinctively I knew he would never do that. Was I starting to feel something for him? Don't be ridiculous. Or doth I protest too much?

Perhaps why I was doing it didn't matter. But how was a problem. I had to come up with something really good, an excuse that would be compelling to him. I thought about our last encounter and realized that I had probably hurt his feelings. Maybe I had all three times I had treated him badly. I started to feel a little remorse. I could use that. There was no story I could come up with that seemed even remotely acceptable so I decided I would need to do the most humiliating thing of all, be honest with him.

"So I'm really sorry I made you feel bad. The worst part for me is that I really don't know for sure why I did it. I think I'm afraid of you." That was true. "I think I'm afraid I could have really strong feelings for you." That was wild speculation. I got no response from him. I needed to do more. "It's just, I'm afraid, learning new things from somebody so young. You're not the usual kind of guy I go out with." I waited to see if I would need to elaborate further.

"I can't help you with your feelings. I have enough trouble with my own. But maybe I can help with the other stuff. You might be the same kind of learner I am. I can't just learn how to do something, I need to understand why it's done that way. Once I do I own it forever. And before I do, it's just words or movements or whatever. That part I can do something about."

"So you forgive me? I would feel terrible if you didn't." Not to mention I would never get to explore all the stuff Jen raved about.

"I forgive you. That must have been very difficult for you to talk about."

What a pushover. Or was he just a nice guy? "Let me make it up to you in the traditional way. Let me make dinner for you on Friday. Or Saturday or Sunday. Whenever you're available. I'm a pretty good cook." Which was true. It was a skill I figured I would need eventually so I took the time to learn and it was even kind of fun.

"Me too." Was there anything this guy couldn't do? "Do you need any help? I could be your prep chef."

He knew everything. He did everything. He was helpful, patient, considerate. Outside of the fact that he had no money and no athletic talent he was almost the perfect guy. "No, thanks. I would like to do it myself. After all, I'm the one who hasn't behaved all that well. I want to make it up to you at least a little."

"But you're forgiven. There is nothing to make up."

"Just the same, this is something I want to do for you."

"Fair enough."

I made New York strip steak rubbed with crushed garlic. I used rubber gloves. I didn't want him smelling it on my hands. I also made candied sweet potatoes which I learned from my grandmother one Thanksgiving my parents were in Europe. A growing boy needs his green vegetable my mother used to say, so I added buttered green beans. Actually she used to say growing girl, and it might have been the cook instead of my mother, but the idea is the same.

I told him I would clean up and that he should retire to the living room to smoke a cigar.

"I don't smoke."

"It's just a concept. You don't actually need to smoke."

I cleaned up and called him in for dessert, a chocolate cream pie. I didn't make it myself, that would be just a bit too domestic. But I know guys like chocolate, and I read it puts everybody in the mood. He had two slices which made me happy with my choice. I led the way to the living room. I wanted to start my dessert with some kissing. He preferred conversation.

"Did you ever have a really good meal in a fine restaurant?"

"Of course." I did date the well-heeled.

"Even though people are all the same, we all have basically the same parts, we all have taste buds but we taste things differently, we feel things differently, we smell them differently. There are minor and major differences in our reactions to the same things even though we're all human. The same meal will be experienced differently by two people eating at the same time at the same table. It's an exquisite meal but we each appreciate it our own way. When you eat that meal, they break up the courses. They bring you a sorbet at some point to kind of reset your taste buds so that what you've eaten before won't affect how you experience the next course. Sex is like that too. Not everybody reacts the same. Some women have little reaction to stimulation of their nipples, some are driven crazy by it. So you can't expect the same things to work for everybody. That's why it can be such an individual thing and you have to take your time to find out what works. You also need that little intermission between courses like the sorbet. That's why taking off your clothes last time skipped a step. You don't sit down to a fine meal with the attitude let's get this crap on the table and shovel it down already. And you don't whip off your clothes, hop on the bed and say, 'Jump on, I'm in a hurry.' I mean sometimes you might, like let's get a quick burger. But it's not the way to savor it. That's my general philosophy. I thought it would be helpful to understand why I do it the way I do. Maybe it will help you be more comfortable to know why I'm doing things you may find, unusual."

"I think that may help. So when are you going to jump on?"

"In just a couple of minutes. My mount will have a degree of difficulty of 3.7 but I will be trying some moves that are as yet unrated by the judges."

"Let's go."

"I need to make a stop in the kitchen."

"No comment this time." I also didn't get started without him. He returned with a bowl of ice cubes and I giggled. "Just nerves."

We started with the kissing, always a good place to start. This time he ran his hands through my hair and was massaging my scalp with his fingers. It would have been heavenly even without the kissing. He started at my hairline and pressed with his fingers as he ran both hands to the back of my head and down to my neck. He moved them back up across the sides of my head, always pressing, rotating the tips of his fingers. He did it a few times and then started down my arms. That was when I realized I had been so lost in the sensation that I again had failed to reciprocate at all.

I untucked a different InTime shirt from his pants and pulled it over his head before he could do something else to make me forget that I was supposed to be an active participant. He was fairly thin but seemed to have some muscle that he had kept well hidden from me. I didn't care. I ran my fingers over his chest. He ran his fingers over mine. He took his time. He took too much damn time. I started to pull my blouse out from my skirt but he gripped my hands to stop me.

"Do you have another appointment after this?"

"No," I answered.

"Then why the rush? Would you slam down an appetizer so you could get the meal over with as soon as possible?"

I let go of my blouse. He ran his hands up my sides to my shoulders then across to the center. He unbuttoned one button on my blouse and then moved his hands around to my back.

"I wouldn't slam down the appetizer, but if I took as long as you're taking, I would be ready for another meal before I was done the first."

"That's not necessarily a bad thing in this context." Back around to the front and there went another button.

This was maddening. While I had the concentration I frantically attacked his belt. My urgency made my attempts as inept as a virgin trying to unhook his first bra without benefit of seeing the mechanism. His mouth attacked mine with greater urgency. I let go of the belt and put my arms around him, pulling him tighter to me. In spite of that, he dispatched yet another button. His back was smooth. It felt muscular. I think it did. I don't know. Mostly what I was thinking was get my damn clothes off. I decided to do the head massage myself. When I finished, I realized there were no buttons left and he was sliding my arms out of the blouse. I pushed him off me, sat up and tossed the blouse away from the bed. Before he could stop me I whipped off my bra and sent it flying.

He laughed and started rubbing his cheeks against my breasts. His cheeks? Where does he come up with this crazy stuff? I liked it. He lightly sucked my nipples moving back and forth and then blew on them. I know Rome wasn't built in a day, but if they had progressed at this rate, the empire would never have fallen because it wouldn't be built yet. I was a little more calm now. I managed to unbuckle his belt and unsnap the button on his jeans. I slid down the zipper.

He was using his fingers on my nipples now but he couldn't arouse them any further. They were as engorged as it was possible for them to be. He started moving his fingers up away from them, pressing on the top and the bottom. I felt it, a deep sensation, not as intense as the direct stimulation of my nipples, but very pleasurable, like the satisfaction you get from a really good stretch. It was the sorbet intermezzo.

I tried to push his jeans down, but I was not in position to exert any pressure. Mercifully, he started his hands down and pulled on my skirt. I lifted my hips to help him and he removed it but left my panties. "Get them off. Rip them off if you have to." He laughed. I was so glad he found this amusing. I tried again to shove his jeans down. This time he helped me. He left on his boxers. God forbid we should get naked so he could pound me like a jackhammer.

His hands slid under the waistband of my panties onto my ass and he rubbed and caressed. I moaned. He moved further down and I thought he was finally going to attack my lips. He tapped a finger at the bottom of my swampy opening. Just a tap and he moved his hand away. When this was over I would beat him to a bloody pulp for teasing me this way. Finally my panties started to move south. I lifted and wriggled my legs forcefully while being careful not to kick him anyplace that would slow him down.

He moved up and laid on his side, me on my back, and slid his hand slowly up my leg. The further he progressed, the more forcefully he pressed his fingers into my flesh. He moved up the inside of my thigh headed exactly where I wanted him. At the last instant, he veered off to the crease where my leg met my torso. He kept up the pressure, moving to my stomach and down through my hair toward my clit. At the last second he veered off alongside my lips. I screamed. If I were captured by the enemy and tortured like this, I would tell them anything they wanted.

Down the inside of my thigh. Across to the other thigh and up the inside like he had done before. He slowed down. As his fingertips were less than an inch away he stopped and rested the heel of his hand against my hair. "Please. Please. Please."

He tapped his middle finger against my wetness. It elicited a mournful sigh from me. "More!" He tapped again, then again. I was sure that there was nothing I could do to him at that moment that I would not be acquitted for. He tapped once more and then pressed his finger lengthwise, letting it sink slowly. I came. It wasn't enough. He slid his finger along my lips. He reached my clit and put on some pressure rolling it from side to side a couple of times. I came. It wasn't enough.

A second finger sank into me and then a third. He maintained the pressure on my clit with the base of his fingers and his thumb, but his fingertips were pressing up against the front wall, or the top, I don't know how to describe it. I was laying down so it seemed to be the top but if I had been standing up, well whatever, it felt so good I was having trouble staying coherent. Nobody had ever done this to me before. It was so intense. I was starting to throb and then I was overwhelmed with the biggest orgasm I had ever had. It was starting to get almost painfully intense when he eased off.

It took me a moment to catch my breath. "What the hell did you do to me? What was that?"

"What?"

"Inside me. What was that?"

"I was caressing your G-spot."

"What's that?"

"Are you sure this is when you want the anatomy lesson?"

"I'm sure it isn't. I want more."

And then he was slipping down his boxers. Shit! I had forgotten all about him again. Well it was his own damn fault. He had set my whole body on fire and continued to fan the flames. He eased himself up between my legs and I thought the least I could do was help, so I reached to guide him into me. It was covered with a condom. That hadn't occurred to me. I was on the pill. We would have to discuss this, oh, he sank all the way in. I had been teased enough. "No more fooling around. Fuck me hard and fast. I need it."

He ignored me. He tilted forward so that the base of his, well I guess given what he's doing now it's a cock, was pressing against my clit. He rotated it, like he was stirring pudding so it wouldn't stick to the bottom of the pot. It was very good pudding. It hit all kinds of different places at different angles. Instead of stirring, he would start to move at random angles. I never knew what to expect next but all of it was delicious. Sometimes he would change the angle and remove the pressure on my clit for a while and then he would bring it back. Still teasing, just a different way, and it was driving me nuts. I could feel a really big one building. The angles, the pressure, the constant variation of sensation, was getting to me much more than any pounding ever had.

"Oh, God. I'm going to cum. Oh my God. Aaaaaah." It hit me with tremendous force. Then suddenly the feeling increased exponentially. It hit me like a fucking tsunami. Every part of my body felt like it was exploding. I felt as if I were going to

I was lying in my bed. I couldn't move. I tried to lift up my head but I didn't seem to have the energy. "What happened?"

"You passed out."

"I can't move."

He laughed. "That won't last long. You expended so much energy your body just doesn't want to move at the moment."

"What did you do? I felt like I was exploding. I, I can't even really describe it. Whew. If that's what sex is really supposed to be like, you just took my virginity."

"It may have sapped your strength, but it hasn't dulled your sense of humor."

"What was that? I never felt anything like it."

"You had an orgasm."

"No shit. But it never felt like that. What did you do?"

"Well, time for a little class here. You remember about the nerve paths to the brain?"

"Yeah. Jen told me about it. I felt it this time."

"You have nerves all over your body. But you only have one set of nerves. They have to perform multiple functions. When I caress your face like this, how does it feel?"

"Very nice, thank you."

"The nerves carry that sensation of touch and the feelings of pleasure. You have other nerves that transmit even stronger signals of pleasure."

"I noticed."

"If I stuck you with a pin, what would you feel?"

"Pain."

"Nerves carry pain signals too. What if you lit a match and forgot to blow it out?"

"I'd get burned."

"And the nerves would tell your brain it was really hot and you should do something about it, like drop the match or blow it out. Nerves transmit signals of heat and cold too."

"Yes, professor, sir."

"Well, it turns out, that in certain situations, the brain has trouble differentiating between the signals. Specifically, at the moment of orgasm, while the brain is being overwhelmed by pleasure, that's the only message it recognizes. So, if, when you started to cum, I were to squeeze your clit very hard, the brain would misinterpret it as even more intensely pleasurable. But afterward you'd be bruised and it would hurt. I could put a lit match down there at that moment and your brain wouldn't say, 'Ouch, ' but 'Wow.' Of course that would cause some damage that would last a while and you wouldn't be too happy with me. But,"

"The ice cube. No residual damage."

"The ice cube. It's like an amplifier. The brain just hears more pleasure. It's only for a very brief time. Then it just gets recognized as cold and gets painful. It's really just like after an orgasm, continued stimulation can start to feel painful. You've only got that brief moment to work with, but if you get it right, it can really kick it up a notch."

"Thanks, Emeril. And believe me, if you were a woman and felt the effect of that ice cube, you wouldn't use that limp ass 'kick it up a notch.' It was mind blowing. Where did you learn all this stuff? Is there someplace they teach it?"

"I read it in a book."

"You read it in a book?"

"I read it in a book."

"Where can I buy a copy?"

"You're a funny girl. That's one of the things I like about you."

My strength was starting to return, but I felt no urgency to get up. "And you're a strange guy."

"Do you like me anyway?"

"What do you think?"
Continues...

"I don't know. You've acted kind of strange yourself. That's why I'm asking."

"Of course I do." Men. They always have their doubts. Not all men really. Most of the men I date have no doubts at all. They should, but they don't. "We have to do this again. But not too often; I don't think I could take it." I sighed. "God, I'm so embarrassed. I didn't do a thing for you. I, I'm never that selfish. You just had me so, involved, it completely slipped my mind. I'm so sorry."

"Don't worry about it. I had a good time."

"I can do much better. You have to give me another chance."

"Hey, I was so turned on at your reactions I was about to burst a blood vessel. You did notice I was aroused, didn't you?"

"I did." But I hadn't really taken any notice of how big it was; just what it was doing to me. That came as a real surprise. It wasn't huge, but that's all I was really aware of. "Well, I still want another crack at it."

"I guess it's not obvious, but I don't just slut around with anyone. There needs to be some sort of emotional connection for me. I don't have to be in love, but I have to be in like."

"So you like me?"

"Yes, I do."

"Why?" Hey, no girl ever tires of hearing this.

"I love your sense of humor. I like your intelligence. And on the rare occasion, you can actually be warm and sweet."

"That's not a very nice thing to say."

"It's true isn't it?"

"I suppose. But I don't like to think of myself that way."

"There's a solution: don't act that way."

Boy did he have a set. "Your after play needs some work."

"This is relationship building, not after play."

"How did you switch to so serious all of a sudden?"

"I'm interested in whether we have any future together. I don't mean in the sense of a committed relationship. God knows I'm not ready for that with anyone. But I'd like to know if I was just your one nerd experiment and that's all this is to you."

I avoided his eyes. I wasn't sure what this was myself. How did he know me so well?

"Thanksgiving break is coming up. Were you planning on taking me home to meet your parents and your friends?"

"I hadn't really thought about it."

"And now that you have?"

"I, um, well, it's not, I really..."

"Can't do it, huh? It would hurt your status to bring home a nerd, and a not especially good-looking one at that."

"You don't look bad."

"Thanks for the underwhelming vote of confidence. I understand. At this point in your life you're too immature for me. When you grow up, you could consider looking me up again."

"That's not fair."

"That's what I thought. I know it doesn't sound nice, but I learned the lesson from an older woman. She was right. I was not sufficiently mature for her."

"Did you learn that in a book too?"

"No, from studying people and their behavior and myself and my behavior. She did me a favor although I thought she was pretty harsh at the time."

I hoped some of the guys I had cut off at the knees felt that way.

"You're just too involved in yourself at this point in your life to have a solid relationship with somebody else. No offense intended."

I'm supposed to say, "None taken." But it did hurt a bit, especially because I realized it was probably true. "I don't know what to say."

"That's okay. I find when I don't know what to say, it usually works out best if I don't say anything."

I took his advice.

"Let me ask you this, are you going home for Thanksgiving?"

"Yeah."

"Could I get a ride back to Lower Merion with you?"

"You live in Lower Merion?"

"Yes."

"Oh my God. Did you go to Lower Merion High School?"

"Yup."

"Me too. That's amazing. We might even have met back then. What a coincidence."

"We did."

This was a hell of a conversation to have naked. I looked carefully at him and it hit me. He had grown quite a bit, and looked quite different, yet sufficiently the same. "Willie?" This time there was no derision in my voice. It was quiet and sad. "But where did Jeff come from? Were you trying to humiliate me?"

"I switched to my middle name when I got to college. I got tired of all the little Willie jokes. My whole family agreed, even though it is difficult for them to change to Jeff, though they called me Bill."

"I'm really sorry. I was probably worse then than I am now. I didn't mean to hurt you; I just didn't think about other people. I don't know, maybe I did. I was pretty self-centered."

"I know. After all I did for you I was pretty angry. I fantasized about some kind of revenge."

"I guess you got it after all."

"I hope not. It was a childish fantasy. What would revenge get me? Besides, without you I probably would never have thought to learn about people." I'm pretty sure he didn't realize he still had a lot to learn about people. He had started getting dressed and I did the same. "I'd still be too immature to be of any good to anyone. I owe you."

I had some idea of how he must have felt except that he wasn't trying to put me down when he said it. If it felt this bad being told nicely, well, I didn't want to think about it. "Well, if you owe me, will you wait for me to grow up?" Why had I said that? I didn't know that I wanted him. Maybe I did. They say to trust your initial reactions. He took me off the hook.

"We'll see where we are when that happens. I'd still like that ride."

"I still want the name of that book."

I gave him that ride. It figured to be more fun than driving home by myself. We got along perfectly until he got in the car when I picked him up and he heard Metallica on the radio.

"How about we listen to NPR? Talk of the Nation should be on. It's not Science Friday, but they have a lot of really informative shows."

"I'm sorry. I'm not laughing at you. It just struck me so funny the enthusiasm you showed when you said 'Science Friday', and you said it like that's what everybody's waiting to listen to. It's goofy but it's endearing. No offense intended."

"None taken. I know that sometimes I'm in another world. Why don't we just talk? We can get to know each other better."

"Okay. Fine by me. Let's start with your whole name. I don't even know your last name."

"William Jefferson Goldberg."

This time I didn't have to explain the laughter. "How the hell did they come up with that?"

"It would have been no big deal if it hadn't been for Clinton. My great grandfather was William. As for Jefferson, he's my mom's favorite president. My other great grandfather was Jerome so they needed a 'J'."

"That's too funny."

"Yeah, well, my mom teaches history at Penn, and she focuses on American History so there was going to be a president in my name somehow. It was just a matter of bad timing."

"Wow, a history prof. So why didn't you go there?"

"My mom teaches history at Penn. Plus I wanted to get away from home."

"I can understand that. What's your dad do?"

"Electrical engineer."

"So nerdiness is genetic?" He gave me a look. I smiled. "I mean that in the nicest way."

"So what did you inherit? What does your dad do?"

"He runs a bank."

"He's a bank manager?"

"No. He runs a bank. President, like his father and his father. He owns the bank."

"I have a checking account in a bank. Your mom?"

"She volunteers."

"Not at the bank."

"No."

"So what did you inherit? No money, but temperament, personality, skills."

"I don't think they have anything to do with who I am."

"Congratulations. You're the first."

"Maybe they do. Are you sure you don't want to listen to Mettalica?"

We talked politics. He was a tree hugger, big surprise; he even composted their grass clippings. He was appalled that I wasn't even registered to vote. All those people fought and died so he could vote. So many women struggled so I could vote. Wasn't I betraying all that effort and sacrifice? I guess I was. It was something that required no sacrifice, practically no effort for me and I guess I didn't appreciate what I had. One of the things that was most annoying about him that he almost always right.

He talked about history, which he seemed to love as much as his mother did. The best thing about history, he said, was that if we understood it, we could avoid making the mistakes of the past. The problem was in the understanding. Did we learn from Vietnam that we shouldn't meddle in Iraq? Or did we learn from World War II that we must be involved because it posed a more general threat? Or did neither provide a sufficient parallel to guide our behavior?

Who wants to think about this stuff all the time?

He was passionate about politics. He was passionate about history. He was passionate about bridge. I thought it was a game designed to fill huge chunks of interminable time for old ladies. But he said it was an intense game fought in local, national and international competition. He had a passion for baseball. I considered it a cure for insomnia but he said it was a vibrant test of skill, intelligence and courage. Most of all, he had passion. He devoured life in huge gulps.

I asked him what he did when he was bored. He asked how it was possible to be bored. There was not enough time to do everything, learn everything, read everything. When was the time available for boredom?

He wanted to talk about what made me passionate, but I couldn't think of anything. I was envious. I wanted some of that myself. He said, "Don't want it, get it. There are things out there that can excite you, find them. It's all in your control." He was probably right. For this ride it was exciting just to see his passion.

With all we talked about, this was the quickest ride home I ever had. It didn't take any less time, it just went so fast. I hated for it to end. It seemed that he did too.

"Come on in and meet my family."

"No, I have to get home."

"They can wait a little longer. Come on, I know you'll like them. I promise we won't lock the door so you can get out whenever you need to."

I was a little scared about meeting them, but it didn't take too much convincing for me to spend a little more time with him. It had been so much fun.

"Is that you Jeff?" I heard as we entered through the front door.

"Hi, Mom."

She walked into the foyer. She was a little shorter than me. Brown hair, brown eyes, thin face and a big warm smile as she took him in her arms. "I'm so glad you're home." She released him and turned to me.

"Mom, this is my friend Ashley."

"The same," she had a quizzical look on her face, "so nice to meet you. If Jeff says you're his friend, I'm sure you're a lovely girl. Come on in and meet everyone."

I tried to protest, but she put her arm around me and led me to the kitchen. "It's nice to meet you too, Mrs. -"

"Sunny."

"Sunny."

"You should know why she uses that," Jeff said.

"Jeff," she said.

"Petal Sunshine Goldberg. What would you call yourself? Mom was born on a commune."

We reached the kitchen. "Mom, Dad, I'd like you to meet Jeff's friend Ashley."

Her mother got that quizzical look but it didn't last long. She greeted me warmly. So did her father.

"It's nice to meet you, Mrs..."

"Sam and Harri," interrupted Jeff.

She must have seen the confused look in my eyes. "I'm Harri, short for Harriet. And this is my husband Sam," she said, graciously resolving my confusion. Harri was wearing a tie-died blouse and a peasant skirt. She had an exquisite necklace that appeared to contain turquoise. It was very unusual. She saw me looking. "Do you like it? It's an original Harri."

"Harri makes jewelery," said Jeff. "She learned it on the commune and found out she was a natural. She gets orders from all over the country." I could hear the love and admiration in his voice.

They asked about me. I couldn't give them a wrong answer. Whatever I said was "wonderful" to them. Where I lived was "so nice." Majoring in business was "so important." I was "so sweet" to take Jeff home with me. But they made it sound sincere. Being with this family was a constant dose of self esteem. I wish...

"Oh my God. I've been here almost two hours. I have to get home. They'll be wondering where I am." Probably not. Since it was the day before Thanksgiving, Dad might be home for dinner. If Mom was home I wouldn't see her until dinner was ready unless I went looking for her. They would have no idea I was missing. But the contrast between these people and my family was starting to depress me.

Sam said, "Why don't you give them a call and stay for dinner? I made Steak Diane."

"Sam's a chef," said Jeff.

"I can't. I have to get home. Thanks for the invitation, though."

Sunny hugged me. "You come back any time, Honey. You're welcome here."

Harri hugged me. "I hope we see you again, Buttercup." Petal, Buttercup, I guess she had a thing for flowers.

Sam hugged me. "You're a sweet girl. You're welcome in our family anytime."

"It was so nice to meet all of you." It was one of the highlights of my year.

Jeff walked me to the door and he hugged me. "I'm glad you came in."

I lost it. I buried myself in his arms and started to sob. I had no friends. My family was cordial but I couldn't tell if they really loved me or I was just their responsibility. I treated people according to what I thought they could do for me. How did I turn out such a mess? It was his fault. I couldn't remember the last time I had an unguarded moment before I met him. "Be my friend."

He held on until I settled down. "Of course." He wrote down his number and said to call him if I needed to talk.

I told him I'd call to make arrangements to drive back to school. Then I left. I composed myself and by the time I was home, I was the ice queen again. I couldn't decide if my visit with his family had been enriching or traumatic.

Jeff had told me on the ride home what Thanksgiving would be like at his house. Everybody would say why they were giving thanks. Sam and Harri would take the most time. In a holdover from their hippie days they would be giving thanks for everybody and everything. They would give thanks for the cycle of nature that refreshes the soil. They would give thanks for the rain which gives life to the plants and cleans out toxins from the air. They would remember old friends and be thankful for having known them. The whole family would be thankful for each other. My family would say, "Let's eat," after they told me how beautiful I was. That seemed to be the only way I was recognized. It had never bothered me before. That was the way it was. With all we had, why bother to take the time to appreciate it? Now it gnawed at me.

I may have been disappointed when I got home, but I was not surprised. I look beautiful. Did they know I had come back from school? Did they know I had some kind of life there? Did they notice how distracted I was? I'm questioning my life, my choices and they are making small talk, the few times anybody says anything other than, "Please pass the" whatever.

Thanksgiving dinner was worse. Actually it was the same but that made it worse. Did they think about each other as little as they thought about me?

It was a pretty busy weekend. Friday night I was to meet with my high school entourage. They would undoubtedly want to know what I was doing, who I was seeing. I would keep the information sparse and pry that same information from them. That would better maintain my aura of invincibility.

Saturday night was the "A" party at a country club. I do travel in those circles. My parents were throwing a party in the afternoon and I would be displayed to all the eligible sons of their friends. I had gotten quite a bit of fodder from these events in the past. A girl can't just take out a personal ad.

Rest up Sunday morning and then back to school with Jeff. Jeff. I had a few hours free on Friday afternoon and I heard the Sirens' call. It might be fun to hang out there.

I still wasn't sure why I was there when I rang the bell. The door opened and there stood a thin girl in her mid-teens. She had inherited the family proclivity for not drawing any flattering attention to herself by the way she dressed. From her face it was obvious that she was Sunny's daughter. She wore no makeup. "Ooooh, you're Ashley." I saw nothing that suggested that she knew about my checkered history with her brother.

"Hi. Is Jeff in?"

"Jeff," she shouted.

"In the kitchen," came his voice.

"I'll show you." She seemed in awe. Finally a response from someone in the family I recognized. There was a smell from something cooking that I didn't recognize. It was nice. I followed her to the kitchen.

"Ashley. Nice to see you, sweetie." Sam approached with his arms wide.

I accepted the hug. "Nice to see you, too, Sam."

Jeff was at the stove, his left hand holding the handle of a frying pan, his right stirring whatever was in the pan with some kind of ribbed metal thing. "Sorry I can't leave here. If I stop stirring with the whisk for as little as three or four seconds the roux could start to burn and I'd have to start all over."

"And he's doing it right," said Sam. "Sometimes he puts the flame too high because he's too impatient and wants to get done rather than taking the time to do it right."

"That's not my experience," I said. Jeff's face turned red. I was pleased.

"I like a nice dark chocolate roux so it takes a while," he said.

"What are you making?"

"Turkey gumbo. When the roux finishes, I'll pour it over the trinity and it will start to cook it. Then I add the stock as it loses its intense heat. I learned it from Sam."

"What's the trinity?"

"Onions, green peppers and celery."

Little sister continued to stare at me. The roux turned brown and got darker and darker. The aroma grew richer. Finally, Jeff turned off the light under the pan and poured the roux over the trinity. It sizzled for a while. Doesn't it sound just like you know what you're talking about when you learn the lingo? He stirred the trinity for about half a minute and then he poured the stock into the large pot that contained the trinity, the turkey and some other stuff I couldn't identify. On went the lid and the flame.

"I take it you met Sandy." He gestured towards his sister.

"Not by name. Hi Sandy."

She giggled, "Hi," and then she ran from the room.

Jeff invited me up to his room.

"Are you going to show me your etchings?"

"See. That's the Ashley I like."

"See you Sam." I took Jeff's hand as he went up the steps. Why the hell did I do that? It just felt right. I was beginning to wonder if I was a multiple personality.

It wasn't what I thought of as a typical guy's room. No posters of scantily clad women. No sports stars on the wall. Lots of books. And a shelf of debate trophies. I had no idea he was on the team. Actually, I really had no idea there was a team.

Something had me curious. "You're so smart. How come you didn't skip any grades? I mean, you seem to have practically skipped a couple of years of college."

"Mom skipped three years. She was increasingly younger than everyone in her classes. She's convinced that being with older kids messed her up socially so she absolutely refused to let me skip. She said I could finish college as fast as I wanted but in high school I was staying with my grade."

"And she was right. Look at how smooth you turned out."

He pushed me. "See, I even like you when you're nicely mean."

We exchanged Thanksgivings. I didn't have much to say because not much happened at my house. Sam and Harri took longer than a Passover seder. Both of them mentioned the blessing of me as Jeff's friend. His dad mentioned the blessing of having a day he wasn't called in for some emergency.

Sonny stopped in. "Hi Ashley. I heard you were here." She gave me a big hug. "How was your Thanksgiving?"

"It was okay."

She got a sad look on her face very briefly, but the smile came back quickly. She ran her hand through my hair. "Well, it's really nice to see you. I'll leave you two alone." It sounded awfully suggestive.

Jeff rolled his eyes.

I wandered around his room, picking things up, moving things, snooping. I went to his closet and opened the door. "Now I know why you dress like that. It's all you have."

"I have a suit and a couple of jackets."

"And nerdwear. I should take you shopping."

"You know, I think my sister needs it more than I do."

He hit the nail on the head on that one. I had some time free on Saturday morning. Maybe I could take her shopping. What the hell was I thinking? Did I want to be the me he seemed to like so much? Did I like her? I really didn't know. "Do you think she'd like me to take her shopping tomorrow? We could pick up a couple things. I could give her some tips."

"Wow. I knew I was right about you."

"Don't get all sappy on me."

I had Sonny's credit card with me and I bought her a few things. She started out in awe but she loosened up as we spent time together. I didn't have a little sister and it surprised the hell out of me that it was really fun. I spent some of my own money to get her some makeup. When we got back to her house, I showed her how to use it. If I'd had a little more time I would have taken her for a haircut. She was on cloud nine and I felt pretty good about that. Nobody else was home when I left her and I was kind of disappointed to miss them.

I had always looked forward to my parents' parties in the past. I would be provided with additional opportunities, like a salesman getting live leads. This year it didn't satisfy. I was starting to look at the guys as people, rather than opportunities, and I didn't much care for them as people. Was I becoming enlightened? If so, life was much easier when I was ignorant.

I felt fatigued when it was over. It had been an effort and I hadn't enjoyed it. Well, tonight I would get to see my friends, except they really weren't friends. They were people who thought highly of me, people who would follow my lead. They would fawn over me to curry favor. But would they offer if I needed a kidney? Well, maybe that's setting the bar too high for friendship. I realized I had only one friend - Jeff. For that matter, if I really needed help, I could probably count on Sunny more than any of the people I had previously thought of as friends. I couldn't think of an accurate name for them. They were more than acquaintances, but far less than friends.

I had a very strong urge to call Jeff and tell him I really did consider him my friend. But talk is cheap. I wanted to show him I would be there for him, in the unlikely event he needed something he couldn't get from his family or his other friends. Then I had a goofy idea. It wouldn't exactly say I'll be there for you but it would let him know how important he was to me.

"Hi Sonny. Is Jeff in?"

"Ashley. What you did for Sandy was so nice. Thank you so much."

"I was happy to do it. She's a really good kid." Thinking about it brought a smile to my face.

"Just a second, I'll get Jeff."

Having to wait for him didn't change my mind.

"Hi."

"Hi, Jeff. You doing anything tonight?"

"Not really. We'll probably watch a movie here."

"Good. I want to take you to a party."

"What kind of party?"

"The kind I go to."

"Wouldn't I be kind of out of place there?"

"Not at all. You'd be with me."

"I'm, stunned. Is this like a date?"

"No. Not at all. This is a date."

"Okay. Are you sure? Won't this kind of hurt your status?"

"I won't be losing anything important enough to me to worry about. Have your mom... have your dad... I'll be over there to help you pick out something to wear."

He cleaned up pretty good. Put a tie and jacket on the boy and he looked almost, cute. When it came to conversation, my idiot savant wasn't fully up to the task. Small talk was still in his idiot zone. I didn't care. The inability to talk about unimportant nonsense didn't seem important at all. I shared my view of him as an idiot savant pointing out his idiot conversation. It tickled him.

He did make some people uncomfortable when he cut straight through their bullshit and focused on what lay behind it. It amused me. In the few instances where the conversation included something of substance, he shone. Hell, people forgot I was there they were so drawn into discussion with him. Not only did it not bother me to be ignored, I was positively proud of him. Eventually I had enough of these people, I don't know what the word is, but these people I knew. I said my goodbyes and told him I wanted to go, even though it wasn't that late.

He seemed pretty mellow as I pulled out of the driveway. "You know, I really didn't think it was going to be much fun, but I had a good time. I'm surprised."

"Stick with me kid and you'll go far."

"Back to school?"

"That too."

In just a few minutes I turned into a driveway.

"Where are we going?"

"My house."

"I didn't realize you lived in Penn Valley."

"We moved here after I graduated. I guess the house in Merion wasn't expensive enough. This is."

"I'll say. It looks like a fine old hotel."

"That's no problem, I have a reservation."

"But ma'am, you didn't bring any bags."

"I checked into the room earlier."

"Seriously, what are we doing here?"

"I wanted to spend a little more time with you."

"So, you're taking me home to meet the folks?"

"Oh God no, not until it's absolutely unavoidable."

"You're still embarrassed by me?"

"I'm embarrassed by them."

I parked and led him in. Now, his bedroom wasn't small, but it would have easily fit in the front hall. I suppose there were some parts of the house you could have taken for a hotel.

"Isn't the concierge on duty tonight?" he asked.

"No. You'll have to rely on me to make the plans for tonight." I took his hand and led him up to my room.

"This isn't your room. This is your quarters." He explored. "Whole families could live in your walk-in closet."

I closed my door. His childlike wonder at my rooms and the wealth it represented was endearing. This night had been one of the best I had ever had. He was a lot of the reason. I'd sort of had it in the back of my mind, but at that point I realized I really wanted him, not because I was in the mood for sex, though I was, but because it was him.

I grabbed his jacket, pulled it off of him and started kissing him. I loosened and ripped off the tie and next dispatched his shirt. I slipped the straps of my dress off of my shoulders and reached for his belt as the dress dropped. There was no thought, no planning behind this. I just had to have him.

I pulled him over to my bed by the waist of his pants, unzipped them, released them and pushed him down on the bed. I unhooked my bra and tossed it. I kicked off my shoes and knelt before him. I yanked off his shoes without untying them and threw them somewhere behind me. I stripped off his socks and hauled down his boxers and tossed them too. I dropped my panties and jumped onto the bed with him.

"Slow down," he said. "You have to savor this."

"Shut up. Sometimes you're starved and you see the perfect burger and you just have to devour it." I kissed him passionately and he returned it. I kissed my way down his body. He was as aroused as I was. I slowly took him into my mouth, savoring the scent, the texture, the desire. I sucked it. I licked it. It aroused me the way it had aroused him when he did all those things to me. I didn't linger long because there were other things I wanted to do. I could get back to this another time.

I released him, climbed over him and impaled myself in one quick stroke. My need was urgent. I moved up and down on him rapidly and an orgasm overtook me within a minute. I didn't slacken my pace until I noticed his movements change. I dropped my chest onto his and rolled to my right, pulling him on top of me. "Fuck me. Fast. Hard. Just do it." He did.

As I was reaching a second, intense orgasm, he had his. He was almost spasmodic.

He lay there on top of me for a while, breathing heavily but otherwise not moving. Then he rolled off.

"That was intense. Not much planning. Not artful, but intense."

"Sometimes you just have to go with your passion, let your instinct take over. Don't you ever do anything without planning?"

"Not if I can help it."

I thought for a moment of how best to explain it. "You consider yourself an amusing guy, don't you?"

"Well, yeah. I guess."

"Stop with the false modesty. You're very funny. When you come up with one of those great quips, do you analyze the preceding syntax and context? Do you sift through all the implications and determine which would make the best philosophical, political or sociological humor? Or does it just happen by instinct?"

"I just do it. It's instinct."

"There you have it. I just wanted to express what I was feeling." I almost added, "about you." "It was intense. It was exactly what fit the situation. It was instinct."

He thought about it, a look of concentration on his face. He lay on his side, propped up by an arm looking at me. Then he smiled. "I guess this is one of those situations where I'm idiot. You can be very wise."

My smile got even bigger. I was feeling emotional goose bumps.

"Do you have a bathroom I could use?"

I pointed to a door next to my walk-in closet. What's a bedroom suite without a bathroom?

He made his way toward the bathroom. I rolled onto my side to watch him. What a cute little ass. I smelled the pillow and the sheets where he had just lain. His scent was rich and intoxicating. He had grown on me so much that I couldn't fight the feeling that I was falling for him completely. My careful plans for my life had been voided. I could see a life with him, but it had none of the structure, none of the milestones I had always sought to construct. My vision was composed entirely of instinct.

His "revenge" was complete. The unapproachable, unattainable ice maiden desperately wanted the unavailable nerd. How would I convince him I had matured sufficiently in such a short time? How could I make him understand that I wanted to spend my life with my nerd, Sunny, Sam, Harri, Sandy and his, so far, absent dad; that I wanted to have his nerd children? I didn't even know how I was going to explain it to myself.
