Sister, Sister
byTxRad©

"Do you remember the last time we were here?" My sister Cherry asked as she leaned on the empty doorframe in the courtyard wall.

I was several steps ahead of her and had already entered the courtyard of our old home place. I turned and looked at her. A soft smile was flitting around the corners of her mouth. She remembered that day as well as I did and that hint of a smile said it all.

"Put your hands high above your head on the doorframe. Keep your left leg stiff and step out to the right with the other one while you let your hip slide left. All without your clothes on, that is. Granny wore my ass out for that little trick of yours." I told her.

"You weren't alone. I couldn't sit down for a week but it was worth it. I'm just glad she wasn't here a few minutes earlier."

"Yeah! A worn out ass would have been the least of our worries if she had found my head between your legs."

Cherry laughed. "It was for educational purposes only."

"Grannies sense of humor didn't extend that far believe me."

"Hey, you had to learn how to eat pussy somewhere and who better to teach you than someone who loved you."

I grinned at her and shook my head. "Oh yeah, you sure made the sacrifice and kept me at it until you couldn't hardly walk."

"You're the one to be talking. My poor jaws were sore for a week from the blowjob lessons." She told me.

"Someone had to teach you before you chewed some poor guys dick off."

Cherry laughed and then sighed. "Those were the days, weren't they?"

"Yeah they were."

We wandered around the old house in silence, each of us lost in memories of long ago. From a time when things had been simpler, easier, freer, when we had been young, innocent, and carefree. Back when Cherry had just graduated High school and I was working a good job. Back before Granny died and the family fell apart. The navy had been my way out and marriage had been Cherry's.

I had had enough years in to retire for a while but only lately had I lost that spark and drive to carry on. I was ready for a little dry ground and slow easy days relaxing on the porch in the sun. I'm not old, not in my own mind anyway, I'm just tired.

Cherry was a lucky find, as we hadn't kept in touch over the years. She had been managing the motel where I had stayed that first night I returned home. Now she was showing me around as I tried to decide what I wanted to do with the rest of my life. She was single again, only now she had two kids, two girls. Well, the oldest was away in college and the youngest was less than a year away from starting.

As we returned to the courtyard gate, Cherry asked, "Well, what do you think of the old place?"

"It'd take a lot of work and money to get it back anywhere near like it used to be."

"Work and time, yes but I don't agree on the money. The basic structures are sound on the house and the walls around the front and the back are solid. The roof needs replacing but doesn't leak as of yet. Then there's the hundred acres that surrounds the place. Fair land at a good price, you can't beat that anywhere."

"It ain't like I'm not going to have the time. Once I decide to do it, all I'll have will be time and more time." I paused and frowned at my sister. "That sounds boring as hell, doesn't it?"

She grinned and shook her head. "I'll have to find you a friend to practice your pussy eating on. Hell, I might give you a refresher course myself. It's not like my sex life is on a slow boat to hell or anything, but it could be better."

With a chuckle, I asked, "How are your blowjobs these days?"

"Ya know I've never had anyone complain about them, ever."

"Well, I must have been one hell of a teacher then."

"Naturally talented, or so I was told by the ex husband a few years ago."

"Yeah right, you looked like you were eating corn off a cob through a picket fence that first time and it felt that way to, as I remember it."

"Speaking of corn cobs," Cherry said. "Did that dick of yours ever get any longer or did it keep on getting wider. It was like trying to suck on a coke can. I thought all dicks were like that until I got married and found out that some of them were short and skinny."

"Is that what caused the divorce?" I asked jokingly.

"Nope, the asshole quit eating pussy. He never could fuck but at least he knew what to do when I sat on his face. When he wouldn't, I had no more use for him."

"You're just down right mean, Sis. You wanted him to work and eat pussy! A man has to draw the line somewhere."

"That fat fuck hadn't had a job in a year. Three strikes and you're out." Cherry said with a laugh.

She sobered quickly and looked at me hard as her hands went to the top of the door opening and her feet found the lower corners. Her legs were spread wide under the thin cotton sundress and her hard nipples were plainly visible as large bumps on top of her breasts under the cloth.

"It's been almost a year since he left and longer than that since I had my pussy ate." She whispered softly.

I untied the cord belt on the dress and slipped it out from around her waist. She watched my hands as I tested the strength of the cord. When I reached and gripped her wrists she took a deep ragged breath. "You wouldn't dare." She whispered.

I was grinning as I pulled her wrists down and wrapped the cord around them, tying her hands together with a little space in between each wrist. I wrapped the cord around and around the center space and then looped it securely several times. Cherry's eyes never left my hands.

With her hands securely tied, I pulled them up over her head and wrapped the cord around a large spike above the center of the door. As I pulled the cord tight she whimpered and then moaned. "You're really going to do it."

I tied the cord off and then started to unbutton the front of her dress. I took my time with each button and paused a few seconds to examine the bare skin that was exposed each time. As I reached the one at her waist I paused and licked my lips.

"I knew you weren't wearing a bra, your nipples kept giving that away. I doubt that you are wearing panties, you never wore them much anyway when you were young." I said softly as I ran my hands up under the thin cloth on either side of her belly and then ran them up to cup her still firm breasts. They felt larger than I remembered.

With a smile I realized what the difference was. "I see nursing two kids added a little size to your already nice set of boobies." I rolled her nipples as I said the last part. She moaned softly and arched her back.

"Oh don't worry, I'll suck them before I'm through. Right now, I want you out of that dress so I can see you naked again. The last time I saw you that way was through my tears as Granny beat my ass. I was hanging right where you are now. Of course back then, the door kept us from moving around to much."

Cherry shivered and then moaned. "You still had a hard on and I wondered if you were going to come. I wondered what Granny would do if I ran up and started to suck your dick. As it was, I was up here not more than a few minutes after she let you down and I did come from her spanking me with her bare hand. She used a belt on you but always her hand on me. I never understood that."

"Maybe she figured your ass was more tender." I said with a chuckle. "It sure was soft and silky, I know that much." My fingers were fumbling as they worked on undoing the rest of the buttons. There wasn't anything under that dress but her and my dick was as hard as a rock by the time I had finished.

"Just as I figured, you're naked under there. Granny would have spanked you if she knew." I paused a second and then added, "Maybe I should spank you. Would you like that? I could get naked and use my hand. Would you come with me spanking you?"

Cherry groaned loudly and her hips worked back and forth several times. I laughed and whispered, "I think you just did. Come that is." My hand moved to cup her sex. Her opening was very wet and hot against my fingers.

"Oh yeah, you just came your brains out. You're such a dirty little girl. You need to turn around and assume the position, you need a spanking to cleanse your soul." I said imitating Granny's voice and tone.

Cherry moaned loudly and struggled a second or two before she shifted her weight, brought her legs together, and turned around. With her back to me, she once again spread her legs wide until her feet were in the corners of the doorframe. I patted one ass cheek and then the other.

"There's no door!" Cherry whispered. "Anyone drive by on the road could see me."

"That should make you come even harder. It always did when you knew I was watching Granny spank you."

I took the sundress and tied it in a knot between her shoulder blades. "Bend it over missy." I said again imitating Granny. Cherry whimpered and leaned forward until her upper weight was on her arms, her ass stuck out one way and her chest out the other as her back bowed.

"Now you can wait for it while I get undressed. I'm going to be buck ass naked when I spank you." I told her. She shivered and started to straighten up and look back. My hand landed with a sharp pop on the left cheek of her ass.

"I didn't tell you to move." I said sharply.

Cherry gave a soft yelp as my hand landed and then whimpered as she resumed the position, my hand caressing the spot I had slapped. "You're mean!" She said suddenly. I slapped her ass again, which brought another yell.

"You're in no position to be telling me anything." I said softly. "I can do anything to you that I want to right now and there's absolutely nothing you could do about it. I can beat your ass until it's cherry red, I could fuck you in that sweet little pussy of yours or even up that tight little ass. I could eat your pussy until you couldn't breath."

I had finished undressing and now I moved right up behind her, pressing my hard shaft in between her tight ass cheeks. She jerked and tried to straighten up but one hand in the small of her back kept her bent over.

"Or I could do any combination or combinations that might enter my mind. When we were young I wouldn't fuck you for fear of you getting pregnant but now you're fixed so that's not a worry anymore. I've always wanted to fuck that hot little ass of yours but back then I didn't know how to do it without hurting you. That's changed, I could do it, and you'd end up loving it."

Cherry was squirming around trying to get away from me. I had a hold on her hips and pulled her back tighter against me. "You teased me unmercifully when we were kids and there was nothing I could do about it. Granny beat my ass every time I looked at you and you made damned sure I looked. Well, now the tables are turned and I have you right where I want you."

"I'm going to buy this place and I'm going to restore it. When your youngest daughter leaves for college, you're going to move out here and live with me. I'll have the door on this gate by then and you'll be naked all the time unless one of your daughters is home."

I stepped back and then to the side hooking my leg over hers as my hand arched down and landed solidly on her ass cheek. My other arm was across her upper back holding her forward as my leg pulled her ass back. She couldn't move. Old Granny knew how to hold us in place and I was using the same technique. My free hand added a half dozen slaps to first one cheek and then the other.

Cherry was rocking back and forth and whimpering as I slowly rubbed the warm parts of her ass cheeks. My hand slipped down and dipped between her legs. She was sopping wet. I rubbed her slit, her hot opening, and then up between the cheeks of her ass to tease her anus. Back and forth, up and down, my hand worked on her. She was shivering and shaking; on the verge of coming by the time I took my hand away.

I rubbed my slippery sticky hand over her ass as I whispered, "I could fuck you right now and you'd not only let me but you'd come your brains out as soon as I stuck my dick in you."

She made a whining moaning sound and wiggled her ass from side to side. My hand landed on her ass with a dozen solid blows to each cheek. Cherry was lifting her ass to meet my hand by the time I quit spanking her. I rubbed her ass slowly, not daring to touch her sex. If I had she would have came in a heartbeat.

"I often wondered where you learned about eating pussy. You sure seemed to know all about it and you taught me so easily and so well. It was years later before I figured it out. With me, Granny just gave a beating. With you it was almost like lovemaking. She would spank your bare ass and then rub it. Once I remember her fingers looked all shiny and wet."

Cherry made a gasping sound and shook her head wildly. "Oh yeah, I'll beat she would get a lick or two in every once in a while. Or maybe suck on her slick fingers like I'm doing now." I paused and did just that. "You still taste wonderful, so sweet and earthy." Cherry groaned loudly.

"She ate your sweet little pussy, didn't she?" I asked sharply as my fingers slipped down to circle her clit. Cherry came with a vengeance, her hips jerking and bucking against my hand between her legs.

I took my hand away from her clit and slapped her ass hard several times on each cheek. "I asked you a question. Did Granny eat your sweet little pussy?"

Cherry let out a wailing moan, her hips jerking harder than ever. I stepped around her, squatted down, and buried my face in her sex, licking and sucking at her clit greedily.

"Oh yes Granny, eat me! Please eat me!" Cherry yelled as her hips came forward and ground her sex into my face and mouth. Her orgasm was just now peaking and peaking hard. I licked and sucked until she started to sag against the belt.

I quickly stood up, grabbed her waist, stood her up more, and untied the belt from the big nail. As her almost dead weight came into my arms, I lifted her and carried her over to the porch. There was an old chair by the front door; I sat her down there.

*****

It was several minutes until Cherry caught her breath. When she did, she looked up at me and whispered, "You're evil, mean and evil." Her eyes dropped to my rampant manhood and she grinned. "Yes you are." She whispered as she leaned forward and sucked on the head of my dick.

Her hot mouth and nimble tongue caused my hips to jerk as I moaned softly. Taking more of my dick in her mouth, she swirled her tongue around the shaft and then sucked hard as she lifted her head. She lifted up all the way off me with a slurping sound. She shivered and sat back in the chair, smiling at me.

"It got longer but it's still nice and fat." She whispered and licked her lips like a cat after a saucer of milk. "Give me a minute or two to catch my breath completely and I'll see if it still holds a quart at a time."

"It probably doesn't hold as much as it use to but then I've learned self control since back when, so it lasts a lot longer."

"What are people going to say if I move in with you?" She asked out of the blue.

"Like I care what people around here say? I didn't care before, so why should I care now. You're my sister and you're alone. I've moved back to town and bought the old home place back. What can they say?"

Cherry nodded and then sighed. "I could use some relief from living in town. People there treat me like dirt and always have. Of course, they treat anyone that don't make fifty thousand a year like dirt, so I'm not really special in that regards."

"You'd be able to run around naked all the time like you use to. I know you loved to do that, even if you couldn't torment me."

"Yeah I did. I loved the sun and the wind on my body. I took better care of myself when I did also." She grinned up at me and added, "The showing off to you was a big bonus even if granny didn't catch you and whip your ass. Your looks always made me feel so beautiful and wanted. The love and lust in your eyes made me sopping wet, even when I was dressed."

"Do you remember the time you sat on my hand during church?" I asked with a grin.

Her eyes got big for a second and then she giggled. "Do I ever. I don't know how I got through that sermon without yelling my head off or alerting granny."

"I could have made you yell but I just kept you on the edge. My fingers pressed to your cotton panties from underneath. I'd tease your wetness and then your clit. I gauged how turned on you were by the heave of your breasts and the pant in your breath. Grandma thought it was the heat of the day."

I paused as we both made a trip back down memory lane.

"In the barn, when we got home. I almost let you fuck me, remember." She finally whispered.

"And I almost did." I told her. "Did you know I had those panties with me for years after I left home. I only got rid of them after your scent wore off."

"You're kidding me."

"No, I kept them hidden and I used them to masturbate. Your scent and the memories of you got me off so long and so hard for so long, it's no wonder I never married."

There was silence again for a while and then Cherry sighed and stood up. She came to me and kissed me softly, sweetly on the lips. When she broke the kiss she smiled and whispered, "Will you spank me and eat my pussy everyday?"

"I don't see any reason not to, if that's what you want. Although, I have learned some interesting tricks in my years overseas that you might find very enjoyable. Granny had some good ideas but I've learned things that she would be shocked at."

Cherry kissed me again and then asked with a grin, "When can we start?"

"As soon as I get the go ahead from the bank on buying the place."

"Are you going to stay at the motel or are you staying at my place?" Cherry asked in a soft whisper that I nearly missed.

"I don't know. With your daughter there, it might be a little crowded and.... Inconvenient, isn't exactly the right word but it's close. I don't want to cause any problems with her."

Cherry grinned and said, "Let me worry about her. I can always spank her bare ass if she has any problems with us."

"Oh!"

With a laugh, Cherry replied, "You didn't think I was going to let everything Granny and you taught me go to waste did you? They both know how to eat pussy but I didn't have anyone to train them in the art of blowjobs. They did get some practice on my dildos, so they're not totally ignorant."

"Sis, you are one naughty lady." I told her with a grin.

Cherry sat back down in the chair and used her still tied hands to pull me closer. She used my dick for a handle. Once I was close enough she licked my shaft from the base to the tip. She sucked the head into her mouth and swirled her tongue around and over it.

She lifted her head and grinned up at me. "Let me show you just how naughty I can be." She whispered huskily. "Sit down in this chair and I'll show you just how good I have gotten at blowjobs, among other things."

We swapped places and Cherry sank to her knees right in front of me. I spread my knees apart and she moved between them. "Are you going to untie my hands?"

I shook my head and said, "No, I think I like them that way. They would be even better tied behind your back."

Cherry shivered and then leaned over to suck my hard dick into her hot wet mouth. She didn't stop at the head; she swallowed the whole thing. As she lifted her head, she kept a tight suction on me and ran her tongue back and forth firmly on the bottom side. The smooth spongy head of my dick was rubbing along the roof of her mouth the whole time she was raising her head.

When just the head was still in her mouth, she reversed directions and treated my shaft to the same excruciatingly pleasurable experience on the return trip. I had groaned as her head came up and I groaned even louder as it went back down.

"Damn girl, you have learned something. If you keep that up, I'm going to drowned you." I managed to get out quickly.

I heard her chuckle and then moan around my shaft as the head touched the back of her throat. "Don't tell me you're going to come, sucking my dick."

Cherry nodded her head and then lifted it up sharply, only to swallow me whole again in one quick motion. Her head bobbed up and down rapidly. I groaned long and deeply. She was making my toes curl from the pure sweet pleasure she was giving me. From her whimpering moans, she was getting close to orgasm herself, if she wasn't already there.

At the point where I was about to lose it, she suddenly stood up and grinned down at me. "Now that I have your full attention, I'm going to make better use of that than a jawbreaker." She said as she pushed my knees together. "I've had a half dozen small orgasms just sucking on it, now I want it where it's always belonged."

She moved forward and straddled my thighs. Her hands pulled my shaft forward, rubbed it along her silt, and wet hot opening as she squatted. "You know I'm going to come big time as soon as I sit on this thing, don't you?" She whispered huskily.

"I won't be far behind, believe me. I've wanted you since you were eighteen." I whispered back.

"Just hold it until I'm sitting on your thighs, if you can." She said as she centered the head against her opening.

"I'll try." I replied and then groaned as she added weight to our connection and the head of my dick entered her.

My dick sank slowly into her hot satiny depths. She was as hot, wet, and tight as I had always fantasized her to be. I fought to keep control but my mind kept whispering, 'you're finally fucking Cherry! You're fucking your loving sister!'

We were both trembling and moan loudly by the time her ass touched my thighs. She paused a fraction of a second and then lifted up, only to sit down hard. I was coming before I even realized and Cherry was yelling loudly as she came right along with me. The one woman I couldn't have and the one woman who had teased me unmercifully was now coming on my dick and my mind and body reeled at the thought.

I couldn't remember an orgasm that had ever been so sharp and so soul shattering. It felt like my spine, my eyeteeth, my fillings, and half my brain went out through my dick. I had never came that hard or that long in my life. Cherry was shaking and jerking through a series of climax of her own that were stupendous.

*****

I slowly came back to my senses with Cherry's arms over my shoulders, her head pressed to the side of mine. We were rocking back and forth slowly. I could feel my still rampant member moving inside her. She would shiver from time to time and then sigh. My arms were around her, and held her tightly to me. He body felt soft and warm against mine.

After a while, Cherry sighed even deeper than she had been and sat up to look into my eyes. "I love you brother, I love you so very much." She whispered and then kissed me softly.

We were still rocking as the kiss went on. My hands ran slowly up and down her smooth silky back and caressed her firm ass. Her sex would squeeze me ever so often and she would shiver. The kiss was getting more passionate by the minute and Cherry's hips were moving more forcefully with little jerks and rolls.

Finally she broke the kiss and leaned away from me. "Granny must be rolling over in her grave."

I nodded and grinned. "If she wasn't already dead, she'd die of a heart attack. That is, after she beat us to death."

Cherry laughed and then moaned softly as her sex grabbed my dick tightly. "I'm still having little aftershocks." She told me. "Between your nice fat dick in my pussy, my clit rubbing on you, and the fact that you're the one person I have most wanted in me, I'm building towards another barnburner of an orgasm."

"And the problem is?" I asked with a laugh.

"My legs are so weak and tremble, that I can't move the way I want to."

"Then stay where you are and we'll continue to rock."

"But I want more. I want you slamming into me as hard as you can. What I want is you spanking my ass with your hips." She whispered and then shivered.

"Then hold on tight and wrap your legs around my hips when I stand up." I told her as I slipped my hands under her ass cheeks.

"But...." She started to say something but then groaned as I stood up.

I carried her inside the house and sat her down on the edge of the old dinning room table. My walking had moved my dick inside her more and she had whimpered and moaned with every step. Now, she lay back on the table and looked up at me.

"You always wanted to do this didn't you?" She asked softly.

"About as much as you did."

"I only wanted you to eat my pussy in the middle of Grannies table, not fuck me on it."

"I can do that another time. Right now, I have a better idea." I said as I drew my hips back, pulling my dick out of her pussy to the head.

Cherry gasped loudly and then yelled as I rammed my hips forward to slap her ass solidly. With solid forceful strokes I fucked her. The slapping sound of my hips on her ass and her yells at the bottom of each stroke filled the room. My hips moved like a well-oiled machine as I pounded into her.

My hands on her hips pulled her to me on each forward stroke. Cherry was shaking her head and yelling almost continuously as my own climax slowly built. I wasn't in any hurry. I had waited so long for this day and I had no intention of it ending early. I wanted Cherry to get everything she wanted and then some. I also wanted the same for me.

Cherry would pinch, roll, and pull on one hard nipple and then the other. I smiled as I saw that slack look of pure pleasure slowly filling her face. The thought that one day I would tie her spread-eagled to this very table and eat her sweet pussy until she begged me to stop made me moan softly and my orgasm to build quicker.

Maybe I'd tie one of her daughters down and then tie Cherry down on top of her in a sixty-nine. They could eat each other while I fucked Cherry's virgin ass. My pending orgasm went even higher. I was right on the edge. It was quicker than I had wanted but....

I came again. Not nearly as long or as hard as the first time but hard enough to make me light headed. Cherry almost screamed as she tried to sit up. Her stomach muscles were jerking and twitching as her sex clamped down on me tightly. I could feel her inner muscles massaging my dick as a hot flood moved around it.

*****

Cherry finally relaxed enough to lie back down on the table. She was panting for breath and covered in a fine shine of perspiration. I released my grip on her hips and slowly caressed her body. I could feel little jerks and twitches in her stomach that were echoed inside her pussy. My palms caressing her breasts increased the jerks.

When I pinched and rolled her nipples, she gasped loudly and jerked upward as her pussy clamped down on me again. Releasing her nipples I leaned forward and sucked one into my mouth. I flicked it with y tongue and then nipped it gently. She gasped and clamped down again. I swapped breasts and treat that nipple the same way, with the same reaction.

I rose up and slowly pulled my semi hard dick out of her. She was sprawled out on the table completely relaxed, her feet on the edge and her knees splayed out widely. I stepped back and watched as our mixed juices slowly trickled out of her pulsing opening to run down the crack of her ass. I smiled as I dipped my fingertip in the fluid and then brought it up to my lips.

I sucked on my finger a moment and then dipped up more. I moved to the side of the table and slipped my finger into Cherry's mouth. She sucked on the finger a second and then her eyes opened and she looked up at me. I smiled down at her and she smiled back as I removed my finger.

"We've made one hell of a mess." I told her.

She nodded and took a deep shivering breath. "Tell me about it. I can feel it running down my ass."

"It looks beautiful, believe me." When she giggled, I added, "So you can ride home that way."

She looked at me hard for a second and then nodded. "What about you?" She asked hesitantly.

"You get to clean me up before we leave. You'd like that, wouldn't you?" She nodded slowly, her eyes locked with mine. "Good, then you rest while I go get my clothes."

I started across the room and then stopped to look back at my beautiful naked sister. "Oh, and your hands can stay tied and the dress will remain unbuttoned."

I heard Cherry's moan of pleasure as I turned back for the door. Live was now so worth living, I thought as I went outside. I had a house to rebuild, a sister to keep me happy, and two nieces that had great potential. What else could a dirty old man wish for?

Cherry turned off the main highway and followed the shady tree lined county road toward the old family place. It was the home where she and her older brother had grown up. It had been their Grandmothers home. As always, any thoughts about her Grandmother caused a sensuous chill to run up and down her spine.

Today she was moving back to the old place to help her brother with the remodeling. At least that was what she had told everyone in town. It was partially true but not the whole truth. The real reason made her shiver harder than the thoughts of Grandmother.

As she turned into the driveway leading to the old place, she got her first look at the remodeling. She stopped and got out of her car. The new plaster on the eight-foot walls surrounding the front of the house shone in the sunlight. The new red tile roof showing above the walls was bright and colorful.

The place looked better than she had ever seen it. It looked brand new. She would have to drop the old when she thought of the place from now on. The six large oaks surrounding the house on three sides looked dark and green in contrast to the new plaster.

The hot still air out here on the drive would be replaced by the cooler air of the shade from those trees she knew as she got back in her car. The fact that she could and would be naked behind those walls would make it even cooler.

She felt the muscles in her thighs, sex, stomach, and chest tighten up in series. Being naked in front of her brother would make her hotter than hell and had nothing to do with the weather. She remembered the spanking he had given her the last time she had been here.

Squeezing her thighs tightly together, a soft whimper escaped her lips as a tingling itchy feel came from deep inside her sex. She had scratched that itch for the first time with her brother that time also. That had been four months ago and she had not been alone with him since.

Her youngest daughter had left Wednesday morning for college. Now it was Friday afternoon as she pulled into the enclosed carport under the trees to the left of the house. She had the weekend off from her job at the motel and had nowhere to be until Monday morning.

What she brought with her was not much but she hoped she wouldn't need much in the way of clothing. She had her handbag, a small makeup case with her toiletry items, and one small suitcase. Now her nerves were tingling as she headed for the front gate.

As she opened the gate, her brother Ray was coming down the steps from the porch. Her heart skipped a beat as she took in his naked body. He was slightly taller than she was but broad across the shoulders, with narrow hips, and muscular arms and legs.

"Good to see you brother." She told him with a big grin as she sat her bags down.

Ray grinned as he sweep her up in a bear hug and kissed her. Cherry was laughing so hard that she could hardly kiss him back. When he held her with one arm and swatted her on the butt with the other hand, she quit laughing and kissed him passionately.

Cherry brought her legs up and wrapped them around her brother's hips. She could feel the heat of his hot member as it pressed against her sex even through the shorts she wore. She moaned softly and squeezed tighter with her legs wishing she had worn a dress with no panties.

A dress with no panties would have gotten her a spanking from Granny all those years ago. A bare handed spanking and possible even a few licks on and in her sopping wet pussy. Both the spankings and licks had set the tempo of her life and she loved it.

Ray broke the kiss and swatted her hard on one ass cheek and then the other as she held onto him with her arms and legs. Caressing her ass and then squeezing it, he asked, "Well, what do you think of the old place so far?"

"The greeting was yummy." Cherry replied with a big grin. When Ray slapped her ass hard she laughed and whispered, "And it's getting better. If you keep that up it'll be heavenly."

"Get off me so I can show you around." Ray told her as he slapped the other ass cheek just as hard.

"No way, those pops on my rear end are feeling better and better," Cherry whispered with a whimpering moan.

"They'd feel even better without those shorts."

Cherry gave out with the little whimpering moan again and lowered her feet to the ground. "That so true," she whispered as she whipped her tee shirt off over her head.

She tossed the shirt at her brother as her hands came up to caress her small breasts and tease her hard nipples. As she pinched and then twisted the hard nubs she whispered, "See what you do to me."

Ray reached over and hung the shirt on a peg in the wall by the gate. Cherry wiggled out of the shorts quickly and started to hang them up with the shirt but Ray's hand intercepted hers. He took the shorts and flipped them so that the inner crotch was accessible and brought them up to his nose.

He took a deep sniff and grinned. "I don't have to see it, I can smell it. There's no sweeter smell in the world."

Cherry moaned as she remembered what he had said about carrying her panties around with him for so many years. That he had done that and used her scent to masturbate to was unreal in one sense but sexy and sensual in another.

She had teased him unmercifully when they were kids and got him in all kinds of trouble but he loved her in spite of it or possible because of it. She knew that she loved him and always had. He had taught her about blowjobs and she had taught him to eat pussy.

Without thinking about it, she dropped to her knees and inhaled his hard thick dick to the very base. Sweeping her tongue back and forth over the ridge along the bottom, she lifted her head slowly holding a tight suction.

Ray had made a grunting sound as she had sucked him in and then he moaned softly as she came back up. She released him from her mouth and planted a kiss on the head. "I like taste better than smell," she whispered looking up at him.

"So do I in your case, so guess what I'm having for dessert tonight right in the middle of grandmother's kitchen table."

Cherry gave a shivering shake and grinned. "That was always one of my biggest fantasies. You fucked me there last time I was here but I was to crazy by the time you did for it to register properly."

Ray reached down to his sister and pulled her to her feet when she took his hands. "Things are nowhere near finished around here but they are going faster and better than I first thought they would."

Cherry looked around the courtyard. The plaster was clean and new in here also. She noticed a new platform and steps in the corner of the wall. The platform had two levels. "What's that over there?"

"I call it an observation deck. One level allows you to see over the wall while standing and the other is for sitting. I figure it would be a good place to sun or just sit and watch the surrounding countryside."

"Hey, I like that. The walls are good for privacy but they sure block the view. The only way to see out before was the windows at each end of the house."

The T shaped house had the courtyard closing off the front of the T. The back was enclosed the same way. The house was almost two hundred years old and when it was built, it was built as a fortress for some cattle baron. It had withstood Indians, bandits, and even a couple of tornados.

"I've added some cameras around the top of the wall to help with the view and security. I've also added some detection equipment down at the gate to tell us when someone is coming up the driveway."

"Cool," Cherry said and then grinned mischievously. "Can the cameras be turned to view the inside of the courtyard?"

Ray knew exactly what his sister was thinking. "Yeah they can and I can record off of them with a remote control if I want to."

Cherry gave a little shiver and asked, "Will I be able to tell if you're recording?"

"Nope." Ray told her. "You'll only know if I put it up on one of the monitors in the house to show you. Later on, I'm going to dedicate one monitor just to show loops on."

With a soft whimper, Cherry reached up and pinched her nipples hard. "I've never seen myself like that before," she whispered.

"Neither have your daughters," Ray teased.

"You wouldn't!" Cherry said.

"Actually, I would and I will. I'll record them when they come out here."

"That would be one way to break the ice for the youngest but Sherry the oldest will be out of her clothes quicker than me. I've told her stories about our spankings on the nail over the front gate and she has always wanted to come out here. We never did but she'd jump at the chance if we offered it." Cherry told him and then took a deep shivering breath. "I wonder if she would come as hard as I used to."

"As you still do," Ray corrected her.

Cherry grinned and nodded as her eyes ran over the porch with new boards in places and repaired railings. She noted that the steps were wider now and had a wrought iron trellis and handrails.

"I like the trellis." She told her brother. "It'll look even better with flowering vines growing on it."

"Let me show you something special about it," Ray said leading Cherry over to it by her hand.

"Here stand on the lower step and face the courtyard." He told her.

When she did, he lifted her arm and slipped a looped strap over her wrist. Then he stepped around behind her, lifted her other arm and slipped a strap over that wrist. When he pushed her forward, she stepped off the step. As her arms came tight above her head, Cherry gasped and then moaned softly.

Ray knelt by her right foot and pulled it over toward the rail. The wrist straps grew tighter and then Cherry felt a strap going around her ankle. Her breath caught slightly as he went to her other leg and moved it out to attach a strap to it. She was now spread eagled under the trellis.

"I built the trellis extra strong just for this reason." Ray told her. "I think it'll be much better than the nail over the door except for certain family occasions. What do you think?"

Cherry pulled on the straps and whimpered softly. "I've never been this tied up before. It's kind of scary but very exciting at the same time. Is this one of the things you've learned since you left home?"

"Oh yes, I did say I'd learned some stuff didn't I. Yeah, this is one of them, one of many I might add." He replied as he reached around and ran his palms in small tight circles lightly over his sister's nipples.

She whimpered softly and tried to press her breast more firmly to his palms. His hands moved out as her chest moved and then he stepped up behind her to press his hard-on against the cleft in her ass. Cherry moaned loudly at the hot feel of his dick. She pushed her ass back tighter to him.

"There are so many ways that I can tease and please you tied up like this," Ray whispered in her ear. "Ways that you have never even thought about before."

His hands coursed down her body from her breasts to her thighs and then back up again. "If I added a blindfold then things would become even more intense. You wouldn't know what I was going to do next or when."

"I don't know what you're going to do now," Cherry whispered as she rubbed her ass against her brother.

"One day I'm going to fuck you in that tight little ass of yours," Ray whispered back.

Cherry gasped loudly and whimpered. "I.... Uh... I've...." She stammered.

"You've never been fucked there have you?" Ray asked softly. When Cherry shook her head, he chuckled and kissed her neck. "It'll drive you nuts, especially if I can find someone to lick your sweet pussy while I do. Maybe your daughter would like that job."

Cherry groaned loudly as her hips jerked and twitched.

"Are you coming?" Ray asked in a soft whisper.

Cherry nodded sharply and then gasped as Ray pinched, pulled, and twisted her nipples. Her orgasm had been slacking off and when he did, it shot back up several notches. She was now hanging with most of her weight on her wrists; her legs were not holding her up very well.

"The mind is the biggest and strongest sex organ in the body," Ray whispered in Cherry's ear.

*****

A bit later, Cherry was sitting in the porch swing sipping on a glass of iced tea. Each time she raised the glass to take a sip the cold sweat off the glass would drip onto her breasts or in her lap. She would give a little jerk or a quick shiver when it did.

Ray sat in the old kitchen chair with his feet propped up on the rail watching her. He would smile as she jerked or shivered. She had a paper napkin for the glass but did not use it. She liked the cold splashes of water on her skin and even aimed them at her nipples or clit.

As an old hand at reading people, this told Ray far more than any questions he might have asked. His sister had always shown masochistic tendencies and liked pain in the form of spankings. He was that way also. It came from their grandmother and her stern discipline when they were young.

Now he was the one in charge and Cherry had liked if not loved everything he had done to her so far. Unlike granny, he did not do it for discipline. He did it because he like to do it and because it gave his sister deep pleasure.

He had let her hang in the trellis until her legs would hold her and then he had released her. Cherry had looked a little disappointed when he did. He knew she had expected a spanking and had wanted one. She would get one but it would be later over his knees. She would sit gingerly throughout supper.

Right now, it was time to let her mind work for a while. The house had four bedrooms, a kitchen, a living room, and three bathrooms. One bedroom was his, one was an office, the third would be a guest room, and the fourth would be very special and very private. It was the room that would get into Cherry's head.

"Come on let me show you the insides of the house." Ray told his sister as he dropped his feet to the floor and stood up.

Cherry stood and followed him through the front door into the living room. The wall between here and the kitchen had been replaced with a long wide counter. Columns along its length supported the ceiling. She noted straps like the ones on the trellis on the columns, top, and bottom.

To anyone else those straps could mean anything but to her they were cause to shiver and whimper. "I like the new counter and without the wall this room looks larger." She told her brother to cover her excitement.

Ray had noted the way she had acted when she saw the straps and grinned. Things were going as planned. "There are straps on the other side of the counter also." He replied and then chuckled as Cherry shivered again.

"You think of everything," she whispered.

"We need to paint in here this weekend," he said changing the subject. "In fact, the only rooms that don't need painting are the kitchen, my bedroom, and the master bath."

Cherry had walked over to the counter and was leaning over it looking at the kitchen. It was all new. The counter had a padded edge that caught her right at the hips. It was just the right height for a good hard spanking.

Ray knelt down behind his sister, spread her legs, and wrapped a cuff with Velcro closures around each ankle. Cherry did not resist him in any way. In fact, her breathing got faster. Then he stood up and walked into the kitchen. He was smiling as she held out one hand to present her wrist.

"You learn fast," he said with a chuckle as he applied similar cuffs to her wrists, pulling her prone across the counter. "There are three sets of these, by the way."

Cherry whimpered at the thought and tested the restraints. "This is scarier than the trellis. Out there, I could see by twisting or turning. I can't do that here."

"You wouldn't be able to tell who was spanking you or fucking or eating your sweet pussy. If I restrained you the other way it would be even worse with your back bent and your feet off the floor."

Cherry made a whimpering moaning sound and whispered, "Can I have a spanking now?"

"Not yet but don't worry, you'll get one right before supper. I want your ass nice and hot and stinging when I have you for dessert."

"Would you spank me like I am now? The cool counter on my breasts and belly and your hand making my ass all hot and red, I'd probably come my brains out."

"I was going to put you across my lap but...." Ray told her.

Cherry moaned and then whispered, "Oh God, that sounds good also."

"Maybe I'll do both. I could spank you here before supper and over my knees before I have you for dessert." When his sister moaned even louder he smiled and added, "I think you like that idea so that's the plan."

"How long will it be before supper?" Cherry asked quickly, a soft whimpering sound of lust in her voice.

"Oh, an hour and a half, maybe two." He told her as he undid the strap on her left wrist.

When he moved over to undo the right wrist, Cherry lowered her head and sucked on the head of his dick greedily. Ray came up on his toes, forcing more of his fat dick into her mouth. Cherry moaned softly and swirled her tongue around the head.

Her tongue was doing wonderful things to the head of his dick so Ray stayed where he was and let her have her way. Cherry was whimpering and moaning as she sucked on him. He could see her straining to get more of him in her mouth but the straps on her ankles and the counter prevented it.

When he felt the first stirrings of an orgasm, Ray came down off his toes and stepped back. Cherry made a frustrated whimpering sound as his dick came out of her mouth.

As he turned to walk around the counter she whispered, "Please." Frustration and lust was heavy in her voice.

Walking up behind his sister, Ray pressed his dick between the satiny cheeks of her ass. Cherry moaned and pushed back hard against his hot dick. "Just hold that thought. After I eat your sweet pussy, I plan to fuck you long and hard right here where you are now."

A shivering shake ran up and down Cherry's body. "I... I... I don't know if I could take all of that and live."

"Oh, you'll live alright and you'll love every minute of it. We have a lot of years to catch up on since we left this place and tonight is going to be the royal start to a long and lusty relationship."

"I've already had three small orgasms and you haven't even touched my pussy or spanked me yet." Cherry confessed.

Ray grinned as he stepped back and squatted down. He blew his hot breath across her anus and then licked one ass cheek and then the other. Cherry gasped at the first and pushed her ass back at the licks.

With a chuckle, Ray undid the cuffs on her ankles and stood up. His hand landing on her ass cheek, sounded loud and sharp in the enclosed space of the living room. Cherry gave out with a jerk and a barking yell and then laid still and whimpered expectantly.

"Not yet." Ray told her. "I've got supper simmering on the stove, so we have time for me to show you the rest of the house."

Cherry pushed up on her hands and looked at her brother over her shoulder. "You're mean."

Ray laughed and ran his fingers lightly over the red handprint on her ass. "Yes and you love it." He told her.

"As a matter of fact...." Cherry whispered as she straightened up. "Ok, let's see the rest of the house."

*****

The master bedroom and bath were off the right side of the living room. The bedroom had been big when it was their grandmother's room but now it seemed even larger. Ray had the wall around the bathroom lowered to the same counter height as between the living room and the kitchen. It had the same type of supports and of course cuffs.

Cherry toyed with one of the straps as she looked around. A huge canopy bed dominated the far wall and the heavy oak furnishings were polished and glowing. The deep pile carpeting had lots of padding under it and gave easily as she shifted her weight on her feet.

"I like the bed."

Ray grinned and said cryptically, "By the time you learn all it's secrets you'll love it."

Cherry looked at him a moment and when he did not say anything else she turned to look at the bathroom. A large shower in one corner and an even larger tub in the other were the focal points of the room. A vanity with two sinks ran along the back wall.

"Nice, very nice," she whispered. "I can see us in the shower together and in the tub also."

"That's the idea," Ray said as he stepped up behind her. He wrapped his arms around her and kissed her neck.

Cherry leaned back against him and murmured with pleasure as his hands caressed and squeezed her breasts. His lips, teeth, and tongue on her shoulder and neck made her whimper softly. She loved the attention he was showing her and loved the smooth way he had with her body even more.

With a shiver she whispered, "I'm going to come again if you're not careful."

"So? Multiple orgasms are going to be a fact of life." Ray replied as he stepped back.

Cherry whined softly as he turned and walked toward the door. "You're being mean again."

"No, I'm showing you the rest of the house."

"You're teasing the hell out of me and I'm enjoying every second of it," Cherry said with a giggly laugh.

They went back through the living room to the other end of the house. This was the head of the T. A long hall ran both ways. There was the guest room to the right, the office was straight ahead, and the bathroom was in the middle between the two. The last room was to the left and the largest on this end of the house.

There was not much to see in any of the rooms at present. All the furnishings were still in town in storage until the painting and final touches were finished. Ray had explained each room as they went through them. All but the last one, that is.

Cherry had looked around the large room. There was no carpet in any of the other rooms on this end of the house yet. The bathroom was tiled and had a slate floor. This room had tile in places on the walls and a parquet floor.

The large square column in the center of the room drew her attention and for some reason she shivered. Her minds eye showed her pictures of being tied to that post. Pictures of her daughters tied with her made her moan softly.

Ray had watched his sister and noted her eyeing the column in the middle of the room. "That column will be one of the focal points of this room among others," he said cryptically. "The four walls will be the directions of lust, power, patience, and pleasure."

When Cherry turned and looked at him questioningly, he grinned and replied, "You will learn in time. For now, let's just say it's something I've learned over the years."

Cherry gave a deep shiver and went over to wrap her arms around the center post. It was eighteen inches square and rounded on the edges. It was smooth with many coats of varnish and felt slick and slippery against her skin.

"I have the idea that I'm going to be very good friends with this post," she whispered softly.

"By the time I get this room furnished and decorated the way I want it, you will be friends with the whole room and love it dearly. Just thinking about this room will make you come." Ray told her.

Cherry moaned softly and rubbed herself on the post. She had no idea what her brother was talking about but she knew he was right. Granny had bent the branch for each of them and now they were back together to finish shaping the family tree.

Ray walked up behind his sister, put his arms around her, and hugged the post. His hot hard dick pressed tightly in the crack of her ass. She was between him and the post and could not move. Not that she wanted to, she was on the verge of another orgasm.

Cherry moaned softly and wiggled her ass from side to side. She wanted to be fucked but knew it was not going to happen when Ray took a step back and swatted her on the ass. She let out a moaning whimper as she released the post and turned around. Ray was walking down the hall away from her.

*****

Ray was in the kitchen checking on supper when Cherry entered the living room. "Go get our tea glasses please, it's getting close to time for supper." He told her.

Cherry gave a shivering shake and did as he asked. All the way out on the porch and back, all she could think about was the spanking he was going to give her. By the time, she returned and sat the glasses on the counter she was so wet that she could feel it trickling down her inner thighs.

She leaned over the counter and spread her legs wide as she gripped the far side of the cool top. The soft padding pressed on her hips and her belly right above her mound. Her breasts pressed tightly to the cold top. She was so ready.

Ray was ignoring her as he refilled the glasses with tea and ice. He had already seen all he needed to see when his sister bent over the counter. She would be coming her brains out very quickly when he started the spanking and she would come for as long as he continued it.

He took his time and made her wait. She was whimpering softly as he sat the glasses on the dinning table. With a grin, he came up behind Cherry and pressed his hard-on between the cheeks of her ass tightly, as he ran his hands up and down her back.

She moaned softly at the firm pressure as he massaged her back and then her shoulders. He used her shoulders to pull her back tighter to him as he massaged them. Cherry wiggled her ass from side to side feeling Ray's dick slip even farther between her ass cheeks.

Ray suddenly stepped back and squatted down. He spread her feet wider apart and put a cuff on each ankle. He paused a moment to caress and then kiss her ass cheeks. Cherry whimpered softly from time to time and moaned as he took a long lick up the cleft of her ass.

He stood up and walked around the counter to the kitchen side. He stood close enough for Cherry to suck on just the head of his dick as he attached the straps to her wrists. Her mouth and tongue felt wonderful. Again, he allowed her to have her way until he felt the first stirrings of an orgasm.

Stepping back, Ray pulled on the adjustable straps. Cherry gave out with a little gasp of surprise, as her arms were pulled tighter. She was now held firmly and tightly across the counter. She pulled at the straps and then moaned loudly as Ray massaged her back from this side.

His dick was close to her face but out of reach of her mouth. She made a soft frustrated sound and wiggled on the counter. Ray's big hand landed solidly and loudly on her ass. Cherry gasped and then gasped again as it landed on the other ass cheek.

Ray took his time walking back around to the living room side of the counter. Cherry jerked and gave out with a whimpering moan as his hand caressed both cheeks for a moment. He swatted her sharply on one cheek and then the other several times in quick succession.

Cherry's breathing was hard and rapid, as he ran one finger down the cleft of her ass, and paused to tease her anus. When her breath caught for a second, Ray moved his finger lower, and dipped it into her wet sex. He fingered her hot opening for a few seconds.

When Cherry took a shuddery breath, Ray moved his finger back up to her asshole and pressed it to the tight opening. He held pressure against the tight ring of muscles guarding her there and waited. Slowly over the next couple of minutes, the finger sank into her ass. Cherry was whimpering and shaking the whole time.

Leaning over the counter Ray whispered, "That's just my fingertip. Just think what my whole dick would feel like."

A shivering shake ran up and down his sister's body and then she moaned loudly as he pulled the finger out. "But that's for later," he whispered as he caressed her warm ass. "Now is the time for your spanking."

Before Cherry could react or say anything, his hand was smacking her ass hard and fast. He used the same ten licks and then a few seconds of caressing just like Granny had. By the time he stopped, Cherry had had at least two small orgasms and both cheeks of her ass were red and very hot.

He let her lay there a few minutes and then ran his hand between her parted thighs and over her slick outer lips. He held his hand cupping her sex for a moment and then rubbed her allowing his middle finger to follow along in her drenched slit.

His fingertip would tease her hot slippery opening. He could feel it clenching and grasping at his finger. Then he would slide it along her slit until he could roll her clit around in tight circles. Cherry was shaking all over but she held her hips stiff and still.

Ray knew from his watching when they were younger that if she moved her hips in any way Granny would have given her several more slaps on the ass and that would be the end. The longer she could hold still the longer Granny would have teased her.

Finally, Cherry was so close to a mind blowing orgasm that she could not help herself. Her hips twitched and then jerked. Ray took his hand away for a second and then jammed two fingers in her pussy as deep and as hard as they would go. With a long drawn out yell, Cherry went up in flames, her hips jerking and bucking against the intruding fingers.

Ray grinned as he held the fingers still and let her orgasm run its course. Her heat was unbelievable; as was the way, her inner muscles were grabbing and squeezing his fingers. Just thinking about the way she had felt wrapped around his dick that one time made him groan softly.

*****

Dinner was a quiet affair except for a few "please pass this and please pass that." Plus the occasional whimper from Cherry as she shifted her ass on the hard oak chair. Ray had to control himself as she shifted. He could hear the soft squishing sound from the wetness between her thighs and wanted to grin.

Cherry ate sparingly and kept glancing at him from the corner of her eye. Finally, she whispered, "That was the hardest I've ever come in my life. Anymore and I would have died."

Now Ray did grin. "Darling sister, you haven't even scratched the surface yet."

Cherry looked at him as if he was crazy. Ray laughed and shook his head. "Just wait and see." He told her.

*****

After supper, they cleared the table and cleaned the kitchen. By the time they were finished, Cherry was all antsy and nervous. When Ray made a pot of coffee, she asked, "When should I serve dessert?"

"After I've had a cup of coffee and my supper has settled a little." He told her softly. "Anticipation is a wonderful thing."

"Maybe for you it is but for me its torture," Cherry whispered. "That last orgasm is in my mind and what you said about it being just the surface is even more so."

Ray nodded. "Then the anticipation is doing what it's supposed to do. It's building you up and making you more aware as the time passes."

"It's driving me crazy," Cherry whispered and then giggled. "Or is that crazier."

"Crazier would be if it had no effect on you."

Cherry seemed to consider this as Ray poured himself a cup of coffee and stirred in a spoon of sugar. When he finished, he took a sip and then said, "Why don't you climb up on the table while I have my coffee. You can rest and relax while I contemplate desert."

"What about my spanking over your lap? I thought...." She let the sentence hang as Ray smiled and nodded.

"Don't worry, you'll get your spanking first, but I want to look at your wet pussy and maybe even sample the flavor a little."

Cherry moaned softly as she climbed up on the table. As she turned around and sat on the edge, she shivered. "I always wanted you to eat my pussy on this old table, Granny's old table. I wanted to be able to eat meals here and smile at what we had done on it."

Ray smiled. "Granny was never out of here long enough for that to happen. Only on shopping day could it have happened but she always took you with her."

Cherry giggled and laid back on the table bringing her feet up to hook her heels on the edge next to her ass. Her knees were spread wide, her pussy on display right in front of her brother's face. "If she could see me now she would explode in a fit of anger that would get us both killed."

"You mean me killed. It would be my fault in her mind even if you were always the instigator," Ray said softly as he leaned forward and licked upward along the inside of Cherry's left thigh.

With a gasp, Cherry jerked and whispered sharply, "Your tongue is so hot!"

"The coffee is good for more than my pleasure." Ray replied before he licked her other inner thigh.

Cherry jerked again and asked, "Where on earth did you learn all this stuff?"

"Here, there, almost everywhere." Ray replied with a grin. "A lot of it is just common sense and an active inquiring imagination. Kind of the old what will this button do, type questions. An action and a reaction."

"You sure are doing a good job of pushing all my right buttons," Cherry whispered. Then she moaned and lifted her hips as Ray's hot tongue slid across her outer lips. A second later his tongue was gone and didn't return.

Cherry lay motionless on the table for nearly a minute before she looked for him. Ray smiled as he refilled his coffee cup at the counter across the room. He knew she had expected more licks on her slippery outer lips or maybe even a lick along her slit.

"There you are," Cherry whispered.

"Yes, here I am." Ray replied as he returned to the table still smiling.

He sat his coffee off to the side of her hip and held out his hands. Cherry took them and he pulled her up to a sitting position. Her face held that breathy lusty look of anticipation as he sat down in the chair and patted his lap.

Cherry slipped off the table and stood between his knees for a second. She contemplated dropping to her knees and sucking his hard dick. It looked so inviting standing up against his lower belly. The tip was all slick and shiny with pre-cum. She suddenly realized he was as excited as she was.

When he patted his thighs again, she whimpered sharply, moved to the side, and lay down across his lap. Ray leaned on her shoulder blades with his left arm while he spread her knees wider with his right hand and foot.

Once he had her positioned the way her wanted her he caressed her warm pink ass cheeks lightly. "You have a perfect ass for spanking. It's firm but springy and nicely rounded. When you're bent over my lap it sticks up nicely at just the right angle."

Cherry whimpered expectantly, waiting for the first blow to her ass. Ray grinned. He knew this was the part that got to her the most, the anticipation, the waiting for the spanking to start. He could see her anus and the opening to her sex contracting and relaxing.

"Your ass is still pink and warm from the last spanking. Maybe I should just have my desert and save this spanking for later," Ray said teasing his sister.

"No!" Cherry said sharply. That changed to a gasping yell as Ray's big hand landed solidly on her ass.

"I don't remember asking you," Ray said as his hand rose and fell again. It made a meaty sound as it landed. Cherry now had two solid red handprints, one on each cheek.

She yelled again and tried to wiggle forward. That just put her tighter against Ray's thighs. His hand took up a steady rhythm of ten slaps and then a caress or two. The blows were less forceful than the first two but not by much. He spread the spanking out to cover her whole ass.

By the time he was finished, Cherry was crying but her hips were jerking and twitching as her ass flexed up and down. She was coming wildly and had been for sometime. Ray held her tightly to his lap and rubbed her red ass in slow firm circles, covering the whole area as he went.

Cherry was down to whimpering sobs and her ass stilled before he stopped rubbing her. He was tempted to touch her pussy but did not dare. She would go off like a rocket again if he did and he wanted to be eating her pussy when that happened.

He could feel his dick hot and throbbing against her hip. Their flexing had rubbed him almost to orgasm. He was still on the ragged edge and could feel tightness in his balls that was close to painful. It was time to have his desert but he had to wait on his sister to recover a little.

"Did Granny ever spank you like this?" He asked on the spur of the moment.

Cherry nodded and moaned softly. "I would make a mistake or do something wrong here in the kitchen. She would jerk down my shorts or flip up my skirt and pull me across her knees. Her hands were small but she knew how to use them."

"Did you make mistakes on purpose?"

Cherry giggled. "Often. Even more so as I grew older."

"Did you come as hard then as you just did?"

Cherry hesitated in thought and then shook her head. "No. No, I didn't. I came ever time but they were small sharp orgasms that seemed to link together."

"So, why do you come so hard when I spank you?"

Again, Cherry paused in thought. "It's the force of your spankings and your large hard hand for one thing and you are my brother for another. Just the thought of you spanking me almost makes me come."

"Why is that?"

Cherry giggled and squirmed on her brother's lap. "Because I always wanted to fuck you or suck your dick and Granny knew it. I never said so much to her but she knew. She was bound and determined to beat the devil as she called it, out of me."

Wiggling backwards, Cherry slipped off Ray's lap and knelt beside his thighs. Her eyes went to his hard dick and she licked her lips. "I tormented you as a way of tormenting Granny. You spanking me is a payback for all that torture I put you through."

"That doesn't answer my question though." Ray told her.

"Because you are my brother and I love you." Cherry answered as her eyes came up to looking into his.

Ray smiled and nodded. "I love you too."

Cherry smiled back at him and stood up. She shifted her hips from side to side and the smile became a grin. "Your dessert is squishy," she whispered and then giggled.

"That's just the way I like it," Ray said as he patted the tabletop.

Cherry moved around in front of him and then climbed up to sit on the table. She took a hissing breath as her hot red ass touched the cold polished wood. She whimpered softly as she laid back and lifted her heels to the edge of the wood.

Ray's eyes took in the wetness of his sister's inner thighs and openly displayed sex. "Oh yes, that looks perfect," he whispered as he leaned forward and took a deep breath through his nose. "It smells delicious also."

Cherry started to giggle but it was cut short with a loud sharp gasp as Ray's wide hot tongue licked her inner thigh. "It tastes even better than before," he whispered before he licked the other thigh. Cherry spread her thighs wider with a soft drawn out moan.

Ray spent a lot of time cleaning up the tasty juices from his sister's sensitive inner thighs. He loved her taste, so sweet and earthy at the same time and he was teasing her unmercifully. He would lick and suck on the tender flesh almost to her pussy but not quite.

Cherry would roll her hips upward trying to get him to lick her sex. She wanted his tongue on and in her pussy so bad and the feeling was growing stronger by the minute. She wanted to raise her hips but fought the urge. She was afraid that if she did, her brother would sit back and abandon her.

Ray's hands on the backs of her thighs right below the knees took her by surprise. He pushed her legs up and forward until her knees were almost by her ears. Her sex was rolled upward almost vertical, her vagina pulled open right below his face.

Cherry yelled and jerked as Ray stabbed his tongue into her depths repeatedly. Then he circled the rosebud of her anus lightly. Cherry whimpered and then groaned as he licked her there more firmly. She gave herself over to the feeling her brother was generating.

Ray lifted his head and looked along his sister's taught body. "How does it feel to be dessert on grandma's table?" He asked in a whisper. Cherry whimpered softly and then yelled as he buried his tongue in her sex. He didn't eat her sweet pussy, he devoured it from her puckered anus to her clit.

Back and forth, up and down along her slit, he applied everything he had learned in the past twenty years to getting his sister off and then some. Cherry was bucking, jerking, and yelling for a good five minutes. He marveled at her lustiness and stamina.

Finally, he lifted his head, stood up, and rammed his dick home in her sopping wet hot pussy to the hilt in one hard thrust. Cherry half sat up on the table and yelled one time, her eyes and mouth wide open.

Ray let his hands slide down her thighs until he had a grip where her thigh met her hip. He pulled back and fucked her hard, deep, and fast. Cherry grabbed his arms to hold herself up, her eyes closing but her mouth stayed open in a silent yell.

It only took a few dozen strokes for Ray to come long and hard. He slammed into his sister one more time and held her tightly as his hips shivered and jerked. Cherry made a deep growling sound deep in her chest.

*****

Ray ended up carrying Cherry to the master bedroom. He laid her on the bed and climbed in beside her. She was asleep by the time he pulled the comforter up over them and he wasn't far behind.