Home « Blackdog's Page « Soccer Mom Index - Settings
Chapter 1
Posted: December 27, 2002 - 12:00:00 am

Bethany Reading was a good girl; a dedicated student, a loving and obedient daughter and a helpful and supportive sister.

That's why the 16-year-old beauty was seated on a stool in her bedroom in front of her two naked younger brothers, tenderly stroking their rigid little cocks.

The boys, 10-year-old Tyler and 12-year-old Justin, were on their elbows and knees, their firm boy asses facing their luscious older sister. She had a hand on each of their stiff boners, and was slowwwwwwwwwwwly stroking each one from balls to tip with agonizing deliberateness.

"Yes, my Li'l Stallions," she cooed, "doesn't this feel good? Doesn't it feel so wonderful to have your loving big sister be so nice to your hot fucksticks? Don't you enjoy it when I take such good care of your sexy pink balls and little boy-cocks?"

The boys made little moaning sounds, and she could feel each of their peters stiffen slightly at her words and touch. "Such strong, manly sexy studs to hold off and not shoot your sperm while I play with your scrumptious sex tackle all morning long," she praised. "Believe me, I not only adore the feel of your cute cocks and balls in my hands, but I really dig your sweet asses. I love to lick Li'l Stallion assholes!"

While she kept one hand on Tyler's cock, she leaned forward and used her other hand (Justin's cock prompted boinged! back up, slapping sexily against his hard boy-tummy) to pry open the older boy's firm ass-cheeks and dive her pretty peaches-and-cream face into his buttcrack.

Justin cried and moaned loudly, and rotated his butt in circles as Bethany vigorously swabbed her active licker all around his snug asspuckers. Then with a smack, she switched boys; and was tongue-fucking Tyler, sending him into shudders of stimulation and arousal.

After she had soaked each boy's tingling anus with a good licking, and had fucked her 16-year-old tongue a few deep strokes into their rectums, she straightened up again. Tossing her long, honey-brown hair, she smacked her lips ostentatiously. "Ummmmmmm," she said. "Nothing tastes as good as the asshole of a hot Li'l Stallion." Then she went back to her slow stroking of the boys' twitching pink peters.

While Bethany continued her tantalizing pleasuring of her brother's stiff cocks, their mother walked into the bedroom.

"So how are they doing?" asked 40-year-old Pamela Reading, crossing her arms and leaning in the doorway.

Bethany turned and flashed a smile at her mother, who looked like a slightly older and bustier version of herself. "Just great, Mom! I've been giving them the usual treatment and they've held off from cumming for over 20 minutes now. For a couple of hot-cocked young studs, that's pretty good!"

"It's pretty good," admitted their mother. "But the training is more than just self-control. They've got to build their stamina, too."

Bethany turned back to the boys and continued milking their hot penises, balls to tip, balls to tip. '"I know, Mom. Ten more minutes of this and then we'll do the sandwich drill."

Pamela smiled. "That's a good girl," she said. "Now, you boys make sure you treat your big sister right, and thank her afterwards for all the thoughtful training she's giving you."

The boys groaned slightly and then chorused. "We will, Mom," and then "Thanks, Beth."

Their perky older sister shifted in the stool in her tight T-shirt and short shorts. This long, teasing exercise not only aroused the boys to point of almost bursting their nuts, but had also heated up her horny teenage body. Her tiny thong panties were soaked and her breasts had swollen from their usual B-cup size to nearly a C. She felt her brown nipples straining at the flimsy white shirt that was stretched out by her ripening breasts.

She wanted to stop stroking their hot, tasty little boy peters, strip off her clothes and begin the sandwich drill, in which she took one boy in her cunt and another in her ass, but she was such a diligent "coach" that she put her own mounting carnal desires aside and forced herself to resume the slow, methodical stroking of their delightful young dicks.

"When you're done with the drill," said Pamela, by way of parting, "we'll have a training table dinner. See you then."

Mmmmmm, thought Bethany. She LOVED training table dinner. Now she was really heated up. The milking exercise, the sandwich drill and then training table dinner. This was going to be a wonderful day of coaching!

After 10 more agonizing minutes in which Bethany's tender hands were starting to get slippery with boyish pre-cum, she withdrew her hands from their stiff and jerking loins and wiped them on her shirt, which she then peeled off and let her perky, pert tingling teenage tits bounce freely.

"OK. Li'l Stallions," she said, "give me a hug and them we'll see how good you guys are at making a sandwich."

"All right!" and "Cool!" cried the boys, who turned around and flung themselves into their older sister's arms. She hugged them both and felt their rigid little peters poking into her soft-rounded belly and even her sweet, creamy tits.

She squeezed them in her arms, cupping their firm boy-butt cheeks and nuzzling their fresh, eager faces. "I sure love you guys," she said, and then gave each of them a quick, loving spank on their bottoms. "Time to start the drill."

The boys flopped back on either side of the big bed, leaving room between them for their sexy sister. She stripped down her soaked panties and shorts and stood there totally nude for a moment at the foot of the best, her firm, erotic teenage body an object of raging lust for the two oversexed little boys that awaited her.

"All right," she said, wagging a finger admonishingly at them. "You know the drill! Me on my side; Tyler starts in my asshole and Justin in my cunt. Then after 10 minutes, I turn over and Tyler gets my pussy and Justin fucks my shitter. After 10 more minutes, it's OK to cum, but not before. And no fooling around like last time!"

The boys giggled devilishly. The last time the three had run a sandwich drill, at the end of the exercise the boys had wrapped their arms and legs around their sister and refused to let her up. Although she was stronger than either of them individually, she couldn't beat both of them. So they had held her in place while they fucked her helpless body for another hour, shooting load after thick hot load into her climaxing, writhing 16-year-old body, cunt and asshole. She had loved it, but it wasn't part of the training regimen.

Bethany threw herself between them and grabbed for the timer on the headboard. While her 10-year-old brother fit his swollen four-inch peter between her welcoming asscheeks, and her 12-year-old sibling poked the head of his five-inch cock pass the lips of her pussy, the serious but hot high school junior set the clock for 10 minutes and then relaxed on her side.

"That's it, you sexy little studs," she said. "Fuck your loving big sister, you hard-cocked L'il Stallions."

And they did. The boys began to drill their sizzling hard fucksticks into the butthole and cunt of their pretty older sister while she lay there smiling and moving catlike around the invading peters in her appreciative body.

The boys not only stoked their cocks in a steady rhythm in her hot, tight holes, they fondled her breasts, sucked her nipples and caressed her long, sexy legs. They stuck wiggling tongues between her sweet lips, and nibbled on her perfect ears as her long hair cascaded over their faces.

Soon, Bethany was moaning with arousal. "Now," she said with difficulty. "Re-re-remember boys. You guys -- oh, god that feels good Tyler! Fuck your sister's tight asshole! You guys have to -- jeez, Justin, your mouth feels you good on my hot nipples. Bite my nipples so sweet, you sexy little fucker. You guys have to hold off squirting your hot loads until after the 10 minutes is up. But me... omigod that's sexy!... I can come whenever I want, so don't -- don't -- don't let my orgasm pull your hot sperm squirting out of you before the time is up."

Justin rammed his leaking peter deeply into his sister's sucking cunt, riding high in her pussy so that his rigid cock rubbed both her tingling clit and pulsing G-spot. "Hnhhhnhhhggg. Doesn't seem very fair, Beth," he managed to gasp out.

Bethany pulled her 12-year-old brother into her embrace and kissed him deeply, wetly. "I know, my sweet Li'l Stallion," she consoled, "but remember why we're doing this. And how well it's working. Aren't you proud to have the best junior soccer team in town?"

A giggle sounded behind Bethany as Tyler cockscrewed his cock deliciously in her tight butthole. "First in soccer!" he said. "And first in fucking!" They all laughed at that and kept giggling while the two preteen boys double-fucked their nude willing sister.

The Li'l Stallions were the best soccer team around. In the 10 to 12-year-old division, they had won the Youth Soccer League title three years in a row, and were the favorite to win again this season.

It wasn't that they had the star players. When it came time to pick an all-star team, few Stallions were named. But they nevertheless won all their games, usually by 1-0 scores, typically winning with a goal in the last few minutes.

Many observers scratched their heads. "But they're not that good!" would be a typical lament of a losing coach. But the secret to their victories was not in their athletic skill, but in their conditioning.

You see, Pamela Reading was the real force behind the Li'l Stallions. The nominal coach was Dal Van Oort, a crusty old Dutchman who shouted at the boys in some incomprehensible dialect unknown to anyone outside of Holland.

But his teams were always fresh as a daisy at the end of the game when their opponents were stumbling around gasping on dead legs. It was then that the Li'l Stallions usually made their move.

Pam Reading was a pretty, if not glamorous woman who had a wonderful and tragic secret. She was in love with her brother, Rod, who had been a long-distance runner in high school. He was three years older than her, and she adored him absolutely. One windy night on a camping trip, a downpour had left them alone in a leaky cabin in the forest, and they had thrown away conventional mores and gave into their temptations. The 14-year-year-old boy and his 11-year-old sister coupled feverishly for hours on the floor of the cabin, and Rod had held off his climax until the very end of their lovemaking, pulling out and shooting his load all over her trim tummy and still-small tits.

The next week, Rod ran in the city cross-country meet for high school freshman, and won it going away, beating his previous personal best by almost a half-minute.

Guilt over having made love to his own sweet little sister gave way to curiosity. Had the sex -- especially the lengthy, prolonged screwing that tested his self-control -- somehow improved his running? Or, more to the point, had it some how improved his stamina?

Pamela certainly thought so, and used the event to coerce her adorable brother into more and more extended sexual gymnastics. She would suck his cock for an hour, and forbid him to spunk off in her wet, hot mouth until she gave him permission. She would ride his thick, hairy boy-boner with her nearly bare twat for a similar period. bringing him to the brink over and over again before pulling her tight cunt off his swollen prick and milking him messily off onto her hands and his drum-tight belly.

And it worked. As Pamela and her brother fornicated in long, delicious sessions that dragged on for hours, his stamina, staying power and "wind" grew more and more prodigious. Combined with his regular running training, he became by his senior year the best schoolboy runner in the state.

That was great for Rod, but not so much for Pamela, who saw her true love, her wonderful brother, go off to a faraway college on a track-and-field scholarship. There, he met a girl, fell in love, got married and never moved back to his hometown and his heart-broken little sister.

So she ended up marrying a nice guy, her husband Phil, who was so absorbed in his job as a stock broker that he was rarely home. Pamela took over the total responsibility for their home and their four kids: son Franklin, now 19 and away at college, daughter Bethany, 16, and sons Justin, 12, and Tyler, 10.

Her coaching of her kids started when Franklin was just 11 himself. Not very athletic and the subject of the taunts of other kids, she decided to come to his aid by helping him improve in the one sport he enjoyed: swimming.

Drawing on the success she had with her brother, she took Frank into their backyard pool while the other kids were elsewhere, and began her conditioning.

"Listen, Franklin," she said, as she stood there in the water wearing a small bikini swimsuit that amplified her charms, especially her juicy C-cup breasts, "if you're willing, I can make you into a swimming champion. You'll look great and feel great, and you'll not only win lots of races and awards, but all the little girls will be throwing themselves at you. But you have to do what I say, no matter how strange it may sound. And you have to keep your training routine a very, very close secret. Do you agree?"

Her 11-year-old son, his little peter already half-stiff in his small swimsuit as he looked at his pretty mother's big, ripe breasts, nodded. "I agree, Mom. Our secret, hope to die."

Pamela, glided to the other end of the pool, and when there, opened the front clasp of her bikini bra and let her luscious breasts bobble sexily out. "If you want to suck on these," she said, "swim over here just as fast as you can."

At top speed the youth splashed his way across the pool, and was happily suckling on her thrusting, swollen breasts and nipples in record time.

"That's the idea, son," she said, holding him close to him and reaching down to strip his bathing suit down to reveal his rigid sixth-grade boner. "Mommy's going to give you lots of incentive to work your hardest and be the best you can be." With that she tipped her son back and cupped his small but sweet balls in one hand and lowered her mouth to his jerking boner. "We're both gonna love this training."

Franklin was such a successful swimmer that when the Li'l Stallions were organized four years ago, the parents who started the team asked if Pamela could provide some conditioning tips.

"I'll do better than that," she told the other moms and dads at a team meeting. "You send your kids to my house on regular schedule and I'll get them so conditioned you won't believe what good shape they're in. But I only want boys who are willing to work very, very hard."

Hard was the operative word. The original Li'l Stallions stunned the league by winning their division in their inaugural year, and all of the players credited Pamela Reading with the victory.

The next year her own son Justin was old enough to play for the Li'l Stallions and when her youngest came of age, she enlisted her daughter Bethany in the program. Beth had been a star youth soccer player herself, but a knee injury had cut short her career.

When Pamela told her daughter about all the good she could do, and then her secret about her own experiences with her brother, Bethany became a willing participant in their carnal conditioning program. She had always been very close to her siblings, as well as a very horny girl, so the chance to help her brothers and get her cunt, mouth and ass filled with hot, tasty spurting cocks was very appealing.

And that's what pretty Bethany Reading was doing on her bed that day, her younger brothers drilling their hot cocks ceaselessly into her sucking holes.

They were so well-conditioned by this time -- especially Justin -- that they could easily hold off cumming until they'd fucked her into a fistful of wonderful orgasms.

"Oh, God, fuck your horny big sister!" Beth would say as she urged her ass and cunt back and forth against the invading boy-pricks sending her toward another climax.

They'd already made it through the first 10-minutes without a hitch, and the sexy high school junior had orgasmed twice around their hot little peters, Now with Justin in her ass and Tyler in her cunt (and sucking like a vampire on her huge-feeling tits), she caught a glimpse of the timer, and saw that just 10 more seconds remained.

"Fuck me you sexy little hard-cocked bastards!" cried out. "Just six... five more seconds... you can shoot your hot loads! One second... Now! Cum in me! Now! Shoot your hot cum in my cunt and up my asshole!"

The boys knew their cocks were as big as they'd ever been, and their balls churning with desire after all that time of stimulation without release. And yet, being boys and brothers, they still wanted to tease their sister.

"Now what is it you want?" Justin asked, flexing his thick peter deep in his sister's sucking asshole. "I don't think I heard you."

Bethany chomped down with her ass-muscles on his sister-sodomizing cock. "SHOOT YOUR CUM UP MY SHITTER! UP MY CUNT, YOU MEAN LITTLE SHITS!" she shouted. "DON'T TEASE ME! I'll CUM SO HARD IF YOU JUST SHOOT YOUR SPERM UP YOUR HORNY SISTER'S HOLES!"

"Okey-dokie," said Tyler and at that moment, both boys began to jazz her cunt and asshole superfast and unclench their heretofore restrained cock and ball tubes. "Here it cums, Sis!" announced Justin.

"OH MY SWEET GOD!" screamed Bethany as the hot, thick sperm-blasts of both her brothers rocketed into her cunt and asshole. "SO FUCKIN' GOOD! SO FUCKING GOOOOOOOD!" she yelled, and felt her own orgasm overtake her as her hot-dicked little brothers pissed out their scorching hot preteen semen deeply into her spasming body.

Beth screamed and moaned and thrashed; the boys leaned their bodies into hers and grinned with insane pleasure as their teased and tantalized cocks and balls were finally allowed to release the tremendous tension and pressure into the hot and sexy body of their loving older sister.

More explosions rocked Beth's body, tossing her back and forth between the thick. blasting sperm cannons raping her sucking holes. She spasmed and jerked; they pulsed and pumped. Over and over and over again until their once-fat and engorged balls were finally empty, and Beth's sweat-soaked body was wrung out and limp.

Gasping and panting, the three lay there, still intertwined.

Finally, Beth giggled, and flexed her cunt and ass on the half-hard peters still wedged between her legs. "Wow," she said between pants. "This is sure <squeeze!> hard work!"
Chapter 2
Home - Top   Feedback to author


Home « Blackdog's Page « Soccer Mom Index « Previous - Settings
Chapter 2
Posted: December 27, 2002 - 12:00:00 am

Training table was a popular ritual at the Reading household. Somedays it was held in the kitchen, other times, when the weather was good, on the family's spacious patio.

This morning, it wasn't just Tyler and Justin, but teammate Rusty Kinnock, an 11-year-old boy who was one of the most prominent members of the team. As befitted his nickname (and real name, Rustan), he had wiry red hair and gobs of freckles. He also had, in the learned opinion of Pamela Reading, the biggest, fattest cock she'd ever seen in an boy of that age.

When the boy had first showed up for her special conditioning a year ago, Pamela had begun his training with a simple running drill. She handed him the tiny jockshort that her athletes wore in practice (when they wore anything at all), and he blushed as he asked where he might change.

"Right here in the yard; right now," said Pamela wryly. She loved to see the little guys squirm and be embarrassed, then turn into horny, confident Li'l Stallions.

Rusty gulped, blushed even further, and began to do as he was told. He pulled off his T-shirt and then -- with a couple of false starts -- finally pushed his pants and underwear to his feet. Nestled in the sparse little tangle of copper-colored hair with a big, long, fat love sausage of six inches, and still soft.

The boy blushed as the woman stared. "Yeah, I know; there's something wrong with it," he blurted out. "I'm some sort of freak, aren't I?"

Overcoming her surprise, Pamela found her voice. "Oh, Lord, no, Rusty," she said, moving toward him. "Bigger is better, usually. Do you mind if I find out how big it gets when it's hard?"

She didn't even wait for an answer, but kneeled in front of the fifth-grade boy and swallowed his dangling thick penis into her sucking mouth.

A couple of slurps and a stroke with her hand and the boy's innocent dick was twitching up; six, seven, eight inches long! Pamela moaned in delighted wonder as she stripped her learned lips up and down his delicious boner and cupped his almost hairless balls.

Poor Rusty had never felt such sensations before. His cock had been getting hard on its own since he was eight or so, and he'd stroked and played with it plenty of times, and even seen an oily drip of something leaking out of the top. But this... this was different.

He felt a tantalizing tingle in his nearly-hairless balls, which seemed to be rolling and expanding. His boner became truly bone-hard, and the unbelievable sensations of those educated lips caressing his dick combined with the amazing sight of a beautiful, full-grown lady sucking on his nasty pisser pushed him rapidly toward something... new.

His throbbing boy-cock heated and stiffened; unfamiliar messages of fullness and need raced through his sex tackle. Something needed to erupt from within him. It felt a little bit like needing to pee, but much, much better.

Rusty knew in theory that males e-jac-u-lated se-men when they were having in-ter-course but did this count? Was this in-ter-course? His preteen mind was wrestling with what little he knew of anatomy and reproduction when a sudden, hot, scorching flash of erotic need boiled up and overwhelmed his every thought, sensation and imagining.

"Oh, Mrs. Reading," the boy gasped, consumed with the amazing feelings that surged through his pre-adolescent body. "Oh... something... something's gonna... I'm gonna... oh-oh-OHHHHHH!" he cried.

He bucked his hips and squirted out his very first load of semen, and a big load it was, quickly coating the mouth and throat of the lustily sucking woman who kept slurping and jacking his huge schoolboy cock.

The creamy boy-juice just keep shooting and shooting, and the poor lad began to feel weak in the knees as Pamela's talented oral attack drew what seemed like pints of virgin cum from his pale body. Finally, dizzy, he had to sit down, his twitching cock still dripping new squibs of semen.

Pamela smiled and wiped the white cum from her mouth. "If you can play soccer half as well as you squirt jizz," she said, "you're headed for the all-star team."

And, actually he was. A tenacious fullback, Rustan was part of the unbreakable defense that kept the Li'l Stallions in every game. Taller and bigger (in every way) than most boys his age, his speed and agility were greatly improved by Pamela Reading's unorthodox training methods.

So this fine morning, it was training table for four. Rusty was bringing along his bright, confident 8-year-old sister, appropriately named Penny, to help in the training. Their mother, a rabid soccer fan, learned of and heartily approved of the training regimen laid out by the Li'l Stallions' conditioning coach.

Pamela and Bethany were dressed in short white terrycloth robes as they set the table; fruit, veggies, muffins and juices. Tyler and Justin, after thoroughly washing their privates and assholes, walked naked into the patio area. It wasn't a minute after they'd stepped into the backyard when the side gate opened and in walked Rusty in with his chatty sister Penny striding confidently by his side.

"MMmmmm," said Penny, as she saw that the Reading boys were already nude, although their preteen cocks were -- for this rare moment -- hanging limply between their hairless legs. Penny was a pretty third-grader who thought she was born to be the boss of everybody, and if you listened to her instead of looking at her cute, pixie-ish face and two darling pigtails done up with bright green bows, you might get pissed off at her fairly quickly.

She was dressed in an identical short terry-cloth robe and sandals. It was just a short two blocks from the Kinnock home, and Penny felt especially wicked and grown-up having walked that far with her robe covering nothing but charmingly pale girl-flesh, dusted here and there sweetly with clusters of red and brown freckles.

Rusty was dressed more conventionally, in a white T-shirt and denim cutoff shorts.

"Ah, everyone is here!" said Pamela gaily, and motioned for the group of six to sit at the picnic table in the pleasantly warm sunshine.

Strange as it might seem, the older woman folded her hands and said a short, simple grace. As she once explained to her kids, "God created everything, including the wonderful bodies with which we play sports and have other kinds of fun."

As soon as the "A-men" sounded, Penny was busy being in charge of her older brother. She threw back her slender shoulders and let her robe slid noiselessly to the patio floor, revealing her slim, naked 8-year-old body. With no self-consciousness at all, she reached out and began to strip off Rusty's clothes.

"Geez, you are so pushy!" complained the boy as the girl yanked his T-shirt over his head and then began to undo his shorts.

"Grow up, big brother," she retorted, pulling open his cutoffs and starting to yank them down his thighs, to his knees and then his bare feet. "If it wasn't for me you'd still be asleep at home in bed."

"As usual on training table days," announced Pamela, "we lovely female coaches feed our men some very healthy fresh foods, and then engage in some very beneficial exercise routines. Ladies, you may begin feeding your Li'l Stallion."

Ten-year-old Tyler straddled his beautiful 16-year-old sister Bethany's near nude body. The slim fourth-grader was totally nude, and his slender legs were draped over Beth's toned teenage thighs. She was still partially dressed in her robe, but the garment was quickly sliding open and down as she began to take pieces of food and offer them to her youngest brother.

"How 'bout a slice of melon, sexy little bro?" she said, sweetly, and fed a piece to him as he sat on her lap. As sister served brother, their bodies began to run against each other, and Tyler's cute little penis began to jerk up to life, something that Beth soon noticed.

She reached down and grabbed his thickening prick and gave it a quick stroke. "Good," she joked. "Now I have a handle to keep you from sliding off your big sister's lap."

Twelve-your-old Justin was also facing his coach, his beautiful and near-nude mother. After feeding him a piece of bacon, she gave him a naughty smile and said "After that salty bacon, would you like some cool, refreshing milk?"

When he nodded, Pamela opened her robe to show off her round, full, stiff-nippled breasts and poured some milk on each one of them.

"Got milk?" she said.

Justin's eyes bugged out as she viewed the while liquid dripping sexily from his mother's perfect grown-up breasts. As often as he'd seen her naked, her bouncy firm breasts never failed to pump blood into his preteen fuckstick. It went vertical in seconds.

He leaned over and began to slurp greedily at her tits, sucking milk and lady-flesh with equal vigor. Justin's practiced licker swept all over his smiling mother's creamy flesh from belly button to throat, and gave special loving attention to her swollen, aching nipples that seemed to wiggle when trapped inside between his incestuous lips.

At the end of the table, little Penny was straddling her older brother, her coltish legs wrapped around his naked ass, her own crotch pressed dangerously close to his big balls and towering prick. As much as Rusty resented his younger sister's efforts to dominate him, he found the nearness of her nude body highly stimulating, and his bone-hard cock stood up straight, pointing at the soft summer sky.

Penny had her own unique way of feeding Rusty, She would take a section of juicy, squirty orange and put it in her own mouth and then lean into her brother, raise her face and let him take in from her lips with his own. The inevitable result was that Penny, little 8-year-old Penny, would be passionately French-kissing her big brother as the food was exchanged, her hot little tongue dancing merrily in his mouth, licking and tickling and generally further arousing her partner.

The food foreplay went on until everyone had a good, light meal. The next step was a drill planned by Pamela.

"I call this one the 100-Lick Drill. Each boy will lay naked on his back on the patio table. His coach will slowly apply a slow-teasing lick to his erect cock and juicy balls. The boy need to pass the drill by not shooting off before the drill is finished. If he spunks off too early, he gets to go out back and weed my garden in the nude, in the hot sun. If he makes it 100 licks, he gets to shoot his hot load in whatever hole of his coach that he wants."

The boys gave exchanged looks reflecting mixed feelings. After all with the sexy, close contact they'd already experienced, how could they survive 100 loving licks from sexy naked females? On the other hand, to be able to fuck your sister or mother was always a great reward.

Quickly, the lads were staring up at the sky, and their stiff cocks were pointing at the clouds, too. Rustin's eight-inch cock was soon being slathered by the active, giggling mouth of his 8-year-old sister. Tyler's four-inch peter was twitching as his pretty sister Bethany slowly drew the wet point of her cute tongue on a meandering path from his hairless balls to darkening cockhead. And Justin was already gritting his teeth as his talented and well-built mother gently sucked his hot, pulsing testicles.

Pamela gave her eldest son's sweet ballsac another bathette and then pulled her mouth out of his crotch. "Can any of you ladies tell me why we do this drill?"

Penny, popped her small, sexy mouth off the big violet knob of her brother's twitching prick. "So we can suck down the tasty cum of a horny young boy?" she said, knowing that wasn't the answer but drawing a laugh, as she expected.

"No, you hot-pantsed little schoolgirl bitch," Bethany replied between tongue twirls on Tyler's incredibly cute fourth-grade erection. "When a guy has a hard-on and it gets stimulated, he flexes his stomach muscles. Each time" -- slurp! suck! poke! -- "I lick sexy Tyler's neat fuckstick, he flexes his tummy muscles. It's like doing 100 situps!"

Pamela beamed. "That's right!" she said. "Plus it teaches them to control their breathing. And all that flexing strengthens the diaphragm, which has a host of benefits including deeper breathing and better oxygenation. Very good, Bethany!"

The boys, lying there, didn't really care what sort of exercise physiology might be involved. All they knew was that sexy females were sweetly pleasuring their eager young cocks and balls, but that they couldn't respond to the natural urge to just give in to the stimulation and shoot out a big, boiling load of potent boycum.

As the woman and girls licked and twirled and kissed and suckled on the boys' ever-growing sex tackle, the lads began to breath heavily, and twitch and jerk with the exertion of self-control. By the 15th stroke, the boys were close to the point where they could easily spunk off to a very satisfying cum.

But that was contrary to the idea behind the drill, and besides, who wanted to be kneeling naked in the dirt pulling weeds and swatting flies? So they clenched their teeth, tightened their cute assholes and fought to keep self-control.

Their efforts were admirable. Once they'd conquered the first, tempting urge to squirt their tingling balls empty, it became a tiny bit easier to endure the wonderful torment they were undergoing.

As the ladies counted "35... 36... 37" the boys tried shifting their weight, covering their eyes, humming -- any distraction to keep them from fully experiencing the tantalizing oral love that would surely lead to a gigantic, joint-stretching orgasm.

When the drill crossed the 70 mark, all three ladies were quite impressed. In previous experiments, Pamela found that her sons usually creamed her mouth after just 40 or 50 strokes at best, and sometimes as quickly as 20 or 30 licks. They were really coming along.

The mother decided to test their concentration. "These guys are doing so well. I think we should tell them how well they're doing and what we want them to do to us when they hit 100 licks," she said, slyly.

"Yessss, Tyler" hissed Bethany, tossing her thick, rich, honey-brown hair. "Your sweet cock is the tastiest thing I've ever had. I hope that when you pass 100, you'll just bury your big, sweet cock balls-deep in your big sister's hungry throat and spunk off right into my tummy! God, I want to swallow every drop of your yummy, hot sperm! Yes, Tyler, make sure you fill your loving sister's soft belly with her own brother's thick sperm!"

Then Penny picked up the theme. "Mmmmm, Rusty! I want to feel your cum deep in my asshole. You know how you've been trying to slide your big cock between my little buttcheeks for weeks, and I've been wiggling away. Well, now I'm ready. I want you to hold off for 100 strokes of my little tongue, and then flip me over and jam that big fat cock of yours all the way up my 8-year-old asshole!"

"That's the spirit, girls," said Pamela. "What I think would be sexy would be for Justin to empty all that pent-up sperm into his mommy's fertile cunt and make a baby in my pussy. Wouldn't that be a turn-on? A 12-year-old boy knocking up his 40-year-old mom? To father your son on your mother? Is that erotic or what?"

Now the boys were all moaning and thrashing back and forth on the table, their toes and fingers clenching and unclenching, little grunts and cries of frustrated anguish leaking from their lips.

"God, their cocks are so fucking long and hot now!" observed Bethany, glancing at the towering, vertical boyflesh. "I've never seen their cocks be so stiff and stretched out!"

Penny giggled as she licked her 80th and 81st strokes. "That's 'cause when they're that hard and long, they're usually up our cunts and can't seem 'em. But we can sure feel 'em!"

Tears began to squeeze themselves out from the corners of the boys' eyes; their chins were quivering; their legs were trembling. Their pre-teen peters were locked solid with percolating blood; their spit-washing cocks were dark red now, heading toward purple. But still they held on manfully.

"Ninety-eight... ninety-nine!" called out Pamela. "And now... " she hesitated dramatically "... One hundred! How wonderful! How great! Boys, I am so proud --"

Her comment was cut off by the gigantic, thick, scorching wad of her 12-year-old son's semen blasting powerfully against her face. Another big squirt followed seconds behind that one, as Justin moaned out his powerful, nerve-draining ejaculations. Squirt! Squirt! Squirt! Squirt! Justin's big, dark cock shot off his seed like a sperm cannon, quickly covering his mother's face, throat, neck, hands and breasts.

The other boys started to cum also. They arched their muscular buns off the table to bowed their bodies upward as they relieved the towering ache in their balls and cocks by pissing out long white ropes of cum from their puckering sex tackle. Bethany and Penny tried to get their mouths over the exploding tips of the boys' cockheads, but the force of their jets splatted so strongly against their faces they pasted shut their eyes and noses, and the girls had to pull their heads away to catch their breaths.

When Penny aimed Rusty's spouting cock away from her face, it shot steaming squirts of semen 20 feet away, splatting wetly on the garden wall. Bethany aimed Tyler's cock straight up, and soon it was literally raining pre-teen boy semen.

The boys were so transfixed by their orgasms they were rendered almost speechless. All they could utter were fragments of words and sentences: "Fuck! Uh! Damn! So hot! Feels so freaking" were chanted out as their sex organs seemed to take on a life of their own.

The entire patio area was awash in the earthy odor of fresh male seed; the ladies were drenched in the stuff, globs of warm semen dripping from their noses, hair, breasts, hands and even elbows and ears.

Still the boys spunked off, although the rate and volume began to tail off. When the girls were able to wipe the sperm out of their eyes, they reached out with a wet hand and helped milk off the last few squirts out of the boys' potent balls.

When the cumming finally stopped, the boys were lying exhausted on the table, their hairless chests heaving, their tongues lolling out of their gasping mouths.

"That... "said Pamela, wiping her face with a napkin. "Was pretty impressive. The 100-Lick Drill definitely goes into the handbook. Now," she said, standing up, his ripe, semen-speared breasts jiggling proudly, "who's up for the Standing Fuck in the Shower Drill?"
Chapter 3
Home - Top   Feedback to author


Home « Blackdog's Page « Soccer Mom Index « Previous - Settings
Chapter 3
Posted: December 27, 2002 - 12:00:00 am

Sister Rose of St. Therese's Catholic School stood glowering on the sidelines of the athletic field. Her parish's team, the Saints, were getting clobbered 5-0 by the Li'l Stallions' youth soccer team from across town.

Even though it was a "friendly," a non-league match, the pretty 28-year-old nun was agitated. At a distance, clad in a nun's demure habit, she might have appeared to be another sweet sister, watching as her students exercised and learned about sportsmanship.

But close up, you could see her flashing hazel eyes, her red face as she mumbled bitten-off remarks of a less than pious nature. Sister Rose was the coach of the Saints, and she did not like getting beat.

Especially by this bunch of no-talent public school kids. Sister Rose, who had been a rather promising soccer player herself back in Belfast, saw that the Li'l Stallions seemed to lack speed, ball-control skills and more -- at least compared to her Saints. But there they were, beating her own team like a drum.

Rose did not fit the stereotype of a nun. Born and raised in the Catholic part of Northern Ireland's capital city, she was a wild child. Her parents, well-to-do shopowners, pushed her toward the convent in an effort to curb her exuberance. She took her vows and entered the order, but her transformation was only partly complete.

Three strong and often-contradictory impulses ran through Rose's small (5-foot, 1-inch tall) but shapely frame. She was tremendously devout, fiercely competitive and almost uncontrollably horny.

As a teen, Rose had sucked and fucked more cock than any other girl in the neighborhood. Her nut-brown hair was long and thick, with wavy tresses that fell alluring across her lovely, pale shoulders. Her breasts were firm and pert, solid sexy cones capped by dark pink nipples that stood up and saluted with the passage of every breeze or appealing male. Her asscheeks were well-rounded and high, and the crease between them deep, hot and inviting.

Young Rose had been the despair of her parents ever since they caught her at age 15 copulating not with just one neighborhood boy, but also with one of her male teachers, and a visiting sailor from the United States -- a black man, yet, and a Protestant -- all at once!

It wasn't before Rose was on her way to becoming a servant of the holy church. She channeled her powerful sexual desire -- most of the time, anyway -- into her studies and service, and was assigned to this parish across the ocean, where her previous reputation as the cutest and randiest slut in Belfast wouldn't follow her.

When the game finally ended, the Saints trudged wearily and shamefacedly off the field, trying to avoid the accusing stare of their obviously agitated coach. "Sure and there's going to be a special practice tomorrow," she said. "If you think you're tired now, you just wait until then. I will teach you the meaning of effort, you lazy, nasty boys!"

As her team departed to their parents' cars, Rose's competitive instincts drew her attention to the other team. She watched them celebrating, and was drawn to sidle up to their side of the pitch, where some lady -- not their coach -- was handing out little slips of paper.

"For those of you who haven't yet been there, here's a map," the lady said. "Special rewards team meeting tonight at 7."

One of the pieces of paper fell unnoticed and unclaimed to the grass. When the L'il Stallions entourage departed, Sister Rose picked up the flyer and studied it. She couldn't put her finger on it, but there was something about this team which seemed... different. Maybe if she could sneak a peek into this "team meeting" she'd get a clue as to how it was able to so handily defeat her own.

Changed into her "civvies" of a black, hooded sweatshirt and surprisingly snug blue jeans, Sister Rose drove one of the parish station wagons along the route outlined by the map on the flyer she'd picked up on the soccer field earlier that day.

It was dark now, and she drove slowly and carefully through the suburban streets, looking for the correct turns and house numbers. When she spotted the address she was seeking, she cut the headlights and parked the Chevy a dozen houses away. She almost had to, anyway; most of the street was already taken up with minivans and SUVs. It looked like a party was going on somewhere nearby.

Carefully, with a craft born of growing up in a violence- and strife-torn city, she crept toward the Reading home. Keeping to shadows, walking carefully and making no noise, she made her way unnoticed to the house next door.

She spotted the piled-up newspapers in the driveway; the junk mail circulars spilling out of the mailbox. "I'm in luck," she thought to herself. "Nobody's home at the neighbors'." With athletic agility she scaled the short cinder block wall and then padded along 'till she got to a tall, leafy tree that overlooked both yards.

As a tomboy-ish girl back in Ireland, she had loved to climb trees; and often was able to beat the boys at it. With a few, strong, economical grabs and pulls she was soon set up in her observation post on a sturdy, high branch, shielded from view by the leaves and the night.

Peering down into the Reading yard, she saw a sight that would long be vivid, and frankly, powerfully arousing.

The Reading home had a large backyard, ringed by a high wall and rendered even more private by the tall hedges that bordered the property. Only someone looking straight down into the yard could possibly see what was going on.

Sister Rose could see what was going on, and the first image her eyes focused on very nearly knocked her out of her perch. Naw, she thought to herself, couldn't be!

A dozen -- no, more! -- preteen boys were naked, standing and sitting in various positions and postures. Each of them sported a surprisingly stiff and large erection. In some cases the boys were engaged in solitary acts of self-pleasure, stroking their pink hairless cocks with a hand; in other cases, females -- females of all ages! -- were rendering tender assistance to the horny young lads.

Rigid, leaking peters of 10-, 11- and 12-year-old boys were disappearing into the mouths, cunts and assholes of girls as young as 8 years old, and women who looked to be grandmothers. Boys were moaning, females were cooing words of encouragement, and the whole deliciously filthy scene was illuminated by the festive Japanese-style lanterns that hung from the perimeters of the yard and other locations on the site.

Once her eyes adjusted to the erotic tableau spread out below her, Sister Rose's hearing began to attune to the sounds of the cross-generational orgy unfolding in the Reading backyard.

"Oh, God, sis, that feels good!" was one snatch of conversation that floated up to her. "Jerk me off harder!"

Another fragment sounded like: "Let your mommy relieve that big ache in your cute little balls, sweetie!" And then: "Betcha you never thought you'd cum up your mother's best friend's hot asshole, eh?"

Sister Rose's eyes got big, but so did her perky nipples and bothersome clit. Her sex-loving body had betrayed her so often in the past. Back in Belfast she would vow to stop stripping down her knickers for any boy or man who flattered her, but as soon as he managed to put a hand on her sweet, bouncy tits, her nips would erect, which in turn would send a jolt of erotic electricity to her irrepressible clit. It would "boing" up almost like a boy's erection, and the lad who could get far enough to massage her breasts or stroke her crotch was virtually guaranteed that Rose would turn into a hard-fucking, insatiable little spitfire, begging and moaning to be fucked hard in all her hot holes.

"Mmmmmmm," she moaned low, feeling her body respond to the incredibly stimulating sights and sounds she was experiencing. Dare she risk pleasuring herself while she spied on this awfully exciting den of sin? She weighed the risks for a long moment, then gave into the sensual signals coming from her bullet-hard nipples and blood-filled clit. She wrapped her legs around the thick branch as if it were a lover and started to rub her crotch against the smooth bark. With one hand she grabbed a hold of a strong branch; the other one snaked into her sweatshirt to start fondling and teasing her own hungry, swollen boobs.

The genial sex-play was interrupted by the sharp clapping of hands.

"Sorry to interrupt all the fun, but it's time we got started with the scheduled program," said a busty woman of early middle age. "Don't worry, I'm sure you'll all enjoy what we have planned just as much."

She was dressed in a cute two-piece light green outfit that showed off plenty of midriff, belly and firm, tanned tight. Also on display were the tops of her firm, swelling breasts. The top of the outfit, Sister Rose noted, had a zipper in front. "As you know," she continued, "our beloved L'il Stallions have concluded their non-conference season with an unbeaten, untied record!" A flurry of applause greeted that pronouncement.

"As you may also know, for the first time in team history, they have also yielded exactly zero goals in all those contests!" she added, to a louder and more exuberant storm of clapping, hooting and yelling.

"So, as is our custom at this point of the season, we reward our stalwart stallions with what every little boy wants: us!"

The women and girls laughed; the boys were flushed with a combination of excitement, embarrassment and rueful recognition. Cocks twitched up an extra notch; nipples swelled; anuses grew itchy; clits tingled; cunts grew moister.

"As your host for this evening, and the team's conditioning coach, I, Pamela Reading, would like to take on the honor of leading the first entertainment. Would the following boys step forward?"

She read the names of four boys -- all of them 10-year-olds, all of them nude as the day they were born and cute as bug's ears. "Mike, John, Jim, Carter have all made wonderful progress replacing last year's 12-year-olds. They have practiced and played really hard," said Pamela.

The large-breasted, smiling woman reached out and tapped a teasing finger on the drum-tight head of the pink cock of one of the lads. "And they're hard in lots of other ways, too," she added, to the laughter of the crowd and the fierce blushing of the boys.

"As hard -- a-hem, as conscientiously -- as these boys have performed, one gap in their physical education still remains. All four boys are still virgins," she said. Another round of laughter and catcalls. "Yes, I know, you nice moms and sisters and aunts have all contributed to the success of the L'il Stallions by jerking off these cute little peters, and swallowing their yummy hot little boy cum, but none of them -- as far as I know, anyway -- has buried his very rigid boner into the cunt or ass of a female. And now we're going to remedy that."

Pamela gestured to her pretty daughter Bethany, a stunning teen beauty of 16 years. "Beth and I will do the honors right here in front of you. While you watch us, you might want to amuse your L'il Stallion by offering him a nipple, a hand or a mouth."

With that Pamela unzipped the top of her outfit, and let it fall from her shoulders, revealing her firm, tanned, globes that bounced prettily when exposed to the evening air. Her nipples were already fiercely elongated, and she then skinned down her shorts, kicked them off her ankles and stood naked on the patio floor.

Beth, who had been wearing a tight one-piece French-cut bathing suit, quickly peeled out of that outfit and stood next to her mother, her jiggling adolescent perfection further stiffening every cock and even secretly flooding a few female organs with the appealing image.

Each of the females took a young boy with each hand, and led them to a spot on the large back lawn when several layers of thick, cushy comforters had been spread. "You and you," said Pamela, "lie down on your backs. You and you, just wait a second."

Pam and Beth straddled the skinny middles of the two lads, smiling in affection as they looked down and saw the bobbing, jerking little cocks of the soon-to-be-deflowered boys. Their faces were almost as precious, with a strange combination of innocence and lust.

"Now," said Pamela to her daughter -- and the excited audience gathered around -- "what do we do now?"

"We drop our hot cunts down onto these cute little fellas' darling stiffies and start to give them the first fuck of their lives!" said Beth, sensuously arching her back to shown off her perfect, pert, hard-nippled breasts.

"Ahhhhh!" hissed Pam as she slowly sunk her hungry cuntlips on the hot and hard lad-cock beneath her. "And... and then what?"

"Unhhhhhhh!" moaned Beth, her sucking cunt having already slurped up the precious pre-teen penis all the way to his hairless balls. "Now... now we spread our ass-cheeks and wait for another sexy young man to drill his prick into our hot shitters!"

The two boys with the "rear" duty stepped up eagerly behind the full and lovely rumps of the females who were sitting on the stiff boners of the other boys. They hesitated a little.

From above in her perch, the peeping nun in the tree was inflamed with arousal and was rapidly stroking her large clit and massaging her fat nipples. "In their assholes," Sister Rose whispered. "Stick your scrumptious little cocks into those tight pink-brown holes between their butt-cheeks."

Other members of the crowd shouted louder instructions, and in a moment Pamela and Beth had both their cunts and anuses drilled with steaming hot fifth-grade cockmeat.

The boys, feeling their private parts caressed by the clutching, silky skins of two beautiful females, were reduced merely to inarticulate moaning. Pam and Beth bounced their ripe bodies up and down and back and forth and double-fucked the two ex-virgins with a vigor that made the lads cocks stiffer than they ever thought possible.

Arousing them even further were the comments of the two ladies and the watching crowd.

"Oh, God, your cock feels so good in my pussy, Mike! It's so big and stiff! Can't wait to feel your got cum in my cunt!" mewled Beth.

"Yeah, Mikey," yelled the lad's mother. "Fuck that teen slut! Cream her cunt! Then you can jam that cute boner in your mommy's cunt!"

"My asshole," moaned Pamela. "Such a big, thick and hot cock in my poor little asshole, Carter! You fuck ass so good!"

A high-pitched giggle rose above the noise. "I got dibs on that cock up my little butthole next," said a 13-year-old girl. "Sisters have first rights to brother-boners when it comes to packing a girl's pooper!"

As per Pamela's suggestion, the exciting public de-flowering was soon accompanied by the spectators amusing themselves. Mothers opened their blouses and let their 11-year-old sons suck their nipples. Girls as young as 8 kneeled in front of their 12-year-old brothers and began to lick slowly and teasingly up and down their siblings teased-up and turgid sex tackle.

One grandmother had two naked boys standing in front of her, and she reached around and slowly milked their leaking peters, the hot drips issuing from the tips giving testimony to the expertise of her technique.

As the rutting sextet on the thick layer of comforters ground toward their inevitable climax, Sister Rose was battling to hold on to the tree trunk while she fiercely masturbated herself. It was just too exciting, she thought. All those sweet, sexy young boys! All that hard, cute cockmeat! Their cute hairless balls and pricks! Their darling "puppy dog" expressions! How she'd love to be doing that! How she'd cum like a freight train if she should have her whole soccer team of Saints line up and bang her needy nun cunt and asshole and shoot lots of hot virgin cum up her sucking holes!

The boys, being virgins, did begin to approach their crisis rather more quickly than more experienced lads would. "Ohhh... unhhhhh! Gonna... I'm gonna... " warned Jim as he lifted his super-heated four-inch cock into the molten cunt of the sexy 16-year-old girl who toprode him with such sweet enthusiasm.

"Oh, yeah, Jimmy," she cooed, still fucking her cunt and ass around in a delightful circle so that her two holes slurped powerfully on the two boy's cocks. "It's OK! Shoot your hot cum! Shoot it all out! Empty your sexy little balls into Bethany! I love it!"

When he arched his back and began to squirt, that triggered not only Beth's own wonderful explosion, but the clenching of the teen's sex muscles set off the ass-man Mike's cock, and a triple simultaneous orgasm was ignited.

A surprisingly large amount of 10-year-old semen squirted strongly into Beth's happy pussy and asshole, and she moaned and grunted in delight while the boys bit their lips and thrilled to the first electric feelings of their sperm shooting through their swollen pricks into the tight flesh-holes of a female.

"Cum in me, you hot little fuckers!" chanted Pam, anxious to catch up with her daughter. "Just flood my ass and cunt with your delicious sperm, you sexy little lady-fuckers! Cum! Cum! Cum!"

And they did. Bodies stiffened, pissholes opened, eyes rolled back and 10-year-old prostates emptied themselves into stretched cocktubes that shot long, hot, slippery jets of little-boy semen into the middle-age woman's body, triggering her own explosion.

From above, Sister Rose watched with increasing ardor as she heard and saw the contortions of the four boys and two females as scalding sperm was pumped into cunts and shitters.

The nun's body was so heated by now that she had peeled down most of the clothing. Her sweatshirt was gathered above her swollen breasts; her pants around her ankles. She was naked from mid-calf to throat and pleasuring herself madly.

The boy on Pam's ass fell back as she spermed her shitter, and as his cock came loose of her anus, it shot into the evening air a small fountain of schoolboy cum, so innocent and so exciting that the sight of it drove Sister Rose over the edge.

The image of the boy's slim, twitching peter spunking off such a fierce and high-flying jet of steaming male-milk was like kerosene on the fire of Sister Rose's arousal. One of the things that had made her such a happy fuck-puppy in her younger youth was her fascination with the male sex organ.

She could look at and caress a male or boy's rigid penis for hours, although she rarely got that chance. She loved the way they turned from meek and soft into angry and rigid; it seemed like magic to her. And the way they pulsed in her hand or mouth or cunt or ass; it seemed like there was a little heart beating in them.

She especially was drawn to the transformation that came over men and boys as they came to climax; how their breathing changed; how their muscles stretched and bunched; how their juicy full balls rolled and bounced; and especially how their cocks reached maximum girth and length, turned a shade darker and began to squirt that wonderful cream.

The look on their faces; the strain in their bodies; the violent pumping of hot semen from their achingly-stiff swollen boners was always a source of erotic fascination to the girl and woman. It was almost always the spark that led to an explosion in her own crotch.

"Oh, God in Heaven," she grunted, more loudly than she would have liked, then felt her clit seem to blossom with heat and then explode. "Oh, fuck! fuck! So good! Oh, God!" she chanted, and as her body began to convulse, her hand and legs lost their tentative grip on the tree branch.

Still climaxing and moaning, the pretty and nearly-naked nun plunged from the tree and landed on the soft little mountain of linen.

The impact stunned her for a moment, but then the creamy aftermath of her orgasm overtook her and she splayed her luscious body open. She lay there on the back with her legs spread wide, a finger in her cunt, her firm, enlarged tits still jiggling when a crowd of stunned women, girls and boys looked on in surprise at what, and whom, had literally dropped in on them.
Chapter 4
Home - Top   Feedback to author


Home « Blackdog's Page « Soccer Mom Index « Previous - Settings
Chapter 4
Posted: December 27, 2002 - 12:00:00 am

"Oh, my!" said Pamela Reading, untangling herself from the legs and arms of the panting boys who had recently been fucking herself and her pretty daughter Beth. "What have we got here?"

Fallen into the midst of this special "rewards" meeting of the Li'l Stallions youth soccer club was a naked, blushing, pretty woman in his late-20s, her nipples still stiff and her thighs still slick. Despite the embarrassing drop-in, the young woman set her jaw and looked defiantly at the crowd of people who now ringed her.

"Who on earth are you?" asked Pamela. "And just what are you doing here?"

At first, Sister Rose was going to go on the offensive, accusing them of being perverts and child molesters and trying to brazen it out. But inasmuch as she had fallen into their midst because her masturbation and climax had knocked her off a tree limb, her own position seemed a little tenuous. So she bit her lip and remained silent.

"Hey, Mrs. Reading," said one darker-skinned boy who pushed his way to the front. "I know her. She's the nun that coaches the boys' soccer team at St. Therese. I've seen her around the church. That's Sister Rose!"

The naked nun shot the boy a harsh look, but she knew the jig was up. No story, no explanation could possibly set this right. She said a silent prayer for understanding and compassion, and it was answered right away.

"I think I know what happened," said Pamela, a wry smile on her lips and her hands on her shapely hips. "Coach Sister here got so upset that her team was beaten so badly by our boys that she followed us here to find out our secrets. I guess we found out some of hers, too!"

There was a chorus of laughter and rude comments.

"She's a spy!" cried out one boy. "Shouldn't spies be punished, Mrs. Reading.

"Oh, yes, absolutely," said Pamela with a twinkle in her eye. "Li'l Stallions, front and center." When the 16 naked lads had formed a circle around the nude sister, the "coach" pointed at the nun and said "Tickle attack!"

In one screaming instant the bareass young woman was engulfed in a sea of naked, hard-cocked pre-teen boys. Their busy fingers tickled her ribs, her armpits and the soles of her feet. Other fingers goosed between her fine firm asscheeks and teased her cute little rosebud asshole; some reached between her cum-streaked thighs and poked her pussy-lips and stroked her still-erect clitoris.

Sister Rose began giggling shrilly, throwing her head back and opening her arms and legs to give the boys maximum access to her hungry, ripe body. Soon preteen mouths were attached to her spiking nipples, her weeping pussy and her twitching asshole. Wiggling young tongues swabbed out her navel, her ears and eager mouth. Her restless hands reached out to grab, stroke and caress the mouth-watering choice of red and pink little-boy boners that surrounded her.

After five full minutes of such exquisite torture, Pamela called off the wolf-pack of naughty lads. As she gasped for breath, the nun's swollen breasts bounced and rolled invitingly; her juices had flowed so copiously that Pamela wasn't sure that the nasty nun hadn't experienced yet another orgasm during that session.

"Well, Sister Rose, are you ready to confess your sins and accept your penance?" said Pamela, a small smile tugging at her lips. "Your sins are many and the punishment fearsome."

The nun read the true meaning of the question, and pulled herself up to her knees, her tits bobbling anew and her thighs spread.

"I do confess all my grievous sins, ma'am," the naked nun replied. looking only a little contrite. "I confess to the sin of pride, of being upset that my team had been beaten by yours. I confess to the sin of dishonesty, by spying on you without your consent. But mostly I confess to the sin of lust; of lusting after every cute little boy here; of wanting to suck down their sweet cum and feel their darlin' stiff little cocks jammed balls-deep into my tight Irish cunt and bottomhole! I am a boy-loving little slut, and I deserve whatever punishment you choose to mete out!"

"Baptism!" said Pamela. "Baptism washes away sins. Line up, boys; you are going to baptize the nice nun with a shower of your hot cum!"

Two boys at a time stood in front of the naked sister. She reached out and grabbed their twitching boners and started to tug on and stroke them.

"Sure and these lads have fine strong cocks," she said. "I hope they have spunk in their balls thick and sweet enough to match." She tightened her fists and jacked the boys vigorously. "C'mon, me lads," she said, as she saw their expressions and postures change to "the look" that betokens impending ejaculation, "splash your hot loads all over naughty Sister Rose's big sweet titties and freckled Irish face!"

And they did, one boy squirting a hot, tasty splat of 11-year-old boy-milk onto her ripe, swollen breasts, and the second painting her pretty, pale face with several streaks of pearly 12-year-old jism.

It wasn't long before her pretty face and trim body were splattered with thick, rich dollops of boy-seed. There was pre-teen cum on her tits, on her nose, over her eyes, in her hair and all up and down her legs, arms, thighs and hands.

With tireless energy, the kneeling nun jerked off every boy there onto her naked form; she was even starting to work on the younger brothers of some of the Li'l Stallions, boys as young as 7 or 8, when Pamela Reading decided that enough penance had been performed.

Soon everyone was nude and in the pool, couples (and triples) casually copulating in the warm water. Sister Rose was chatting with Pamela, and they were on their way to becoming fast friends. Bobbing in the water, Pamela was being slowly fucked by her lusty 12-year-old son Justin, while Sister Rose was suckling two 10-year old boys who were kept afloat -- in part -- by the nun's caressing fingers in their fourth-grade shitters.

"Since we don't play you again this year, and since you seem to have some tastes similar to my own," said Pamela, "I wouldn't mind sharing a few training secrets with you, Sister."

"I'd be forever grateful," said the happy nun as her swollen breasts were milked lustily by the two slender youths. Their stiff peters (despite having been each emptied twice by the enthusiastic Gaelic cutie) poked into her soft tummy.

"Here's one of my favorite drills," Pamela said, clenching her happy cunttube down on the drilling hot son-prick in her tight hotness. "It goes like this..."

Two days later the Saints youth soccer team convened in the fellowship hall of St. Therese's Catholic Church. Once a sanctuary itself, the building was now a multi-purpose facility that could be used as a dining hall, a theater, even a gymnasium.

Tonight, with all the doors locked, the Saints were having the first practice of their new regimen. Sister Rose was assisted by Catherine Martinez, mother of one of the players and wife of the man who managed the church's physical plant.

The good nun had caught Catherine ("Cathy" to her friends) admiring the cute young boys in their shorts, and when they sustained a minor bump and bruise, she noticed that the woman caressed and comforted the boys with an ardor and technique that might be called overkill. To seal matters, she always insisted on checking to make sure all the boys were wearing athletic supporters, a process that sometimes involved her reaching down into the red-faced lad's trousers.

Sister Rose cautiously revealed her purpose to Cathy, who was thrilled at the prospect. She, too, had the hots for young boys, and barely concealed it; she insisted on giving each of her three sons -- ages 8, 10 and 13 -- a bath each night, carefully scrubbing and rubbing every part of their bodies, and inevitably producing stiffies in all of the lads.

To the boys' shock, they were all ordered to shed their clothes and pile them neatly on a table. The room had been converted into a makeshift indoor soccer arena; the floor was covered with wrestling mats and roller hockey goals set up at each end. The ball was a soft, fabric-covered version of the regulation spheroid used in the real game.

"Now, before we begin," said Sister Rose, dressed as usual in her modest sweatsuit, "I have to ask you this. How many of you felt embarrassed at being beaten 5-0 the other day? "

All 19 boys raised their hands.

"How many of you would do just about anything to make sure such a thing never happened again?"

Again, all 19 boys raised their hands.

"Now, think about this," she said. "What I'm about to ask you may seem strange and even a little silly, but it's a proven conditioning and motivational tool. Are you willing to do whatever I ask, without questioning or foot-dragging? No matter what?"

Most of the boys weren't entirely sure what a "proven conditioning and motivational tool" might be, but they adored their feisty, pretty soccer coach, and more than one of them had already started spouting milky wet dreams in their sleep about her. They'd do whatever she asked, and again, every had was up.

"Great!" she said, clapping her hands. Then she proceeded to strip off her clothes. To the gasps and cries of the boys, she pulled off her sweatsuit to reveal her ripe, sexy body clad only in the tiniest, sexiest underwear. Her black lace bra pushed her delicious tit-cones almost up and out, and the thong bikini panty showed off everything but her slit and asshole.

As expected, every schoolboy cock began to fill with blood; they ratcheted up to full stand, and some of the older, hornier ones found that the sight of their gorgeous almost-nude nun's body had out the innocent cocks in an absolutely vertical attitude, slapping against their firm, flat hairless bellies.

Next was Cathy Martinez, who stripped down to a skin-hugging pair of tiny shorts and a tight Lycra top that showed off her perky breasts and spiking nipples. She stepped forward with a box full of heavy rubber bands. She knelt by the first boy, gave his rigid cock a few (well, more than a few) tight strokes to achieve maximum hardness, and then double-wound the bands around the base of the boys' boner.

"See that Mrs. Martinez is doing?" said the almost naked sister. "Those bands will keep your cute boners hard by trapping the blood in them. We're going to divide you up into two teams. The team that wins gets to line up and fuck me and Mrs. Martinez in our cunts or assholes. In case of a tie, all the boys get just one fuck; me or her, cunt or shitter.

"The losing team gets spanked. If a team loses by more than one goal, they boys will also have to leave these rubber bands on their boners until tomorrow's' practice," said the sister.

The "coaches" divided the teams as evenly as they could; identification was made by using a big watercolor brush to paint either a wide red or blue swath across the boy's chest and asscheeks. With a blow of the whistle, the strangest game in soccer history began.

At first, the idea had appealed to Sister Rose primarily on the basis of it being a chance to see a bunch of clean-limbed, naked young boys running around with achingly hard boners. But soon she could see the real benefit. Unlike the somewhat listless practices over which she sometimes presided, this scrimmage was fiercely contested.

Trim, nude young bodies flung themselves across the "pitch." Every loose ball was contested, and there were plenty of collisions that allowed Cathy to explore the bodies of the "wounded." Sister Rose could barely suppress a giggle when the soccer mother had to check not only the condition of a boy's ankle, but also his testicles, nipples, cockhead and anus.

"That was a very thorough exam, Dr. Martinez," kidded the nun.

"Thank you, Sister," replied her friend. "You can't be too careful, you know."

The game raged fiercely with no score until there was less than a minute left to play. The red team was attacking, and a high looping pass was lofted towards the goal. A red forward -- stiff cock bobbing and leaking -- rose into the air and headed the ball toward the goal.

The blue goalie dove for it and blocked the shot, but the loose ball still rolled around dangerously in the goal mouth. A second red forward made a sliding kick just as the goalie scrambled to his feet and lunged forward.

At the same time, the ball tumbled into the net for the winning score, and the 11-year-old goalie fell backward onto the swollen, upthrust cock of the successful striker. The goalie's sweat-lubricated buns landed perfectly onto the steel-hard shaft of his opponent, and in an instant, the young goalkeeper found himself impaled upon the swollen, raping prick of his 12-year-old opponent.

The celebration of the goal was cut short by laughter as the two crimson-faced boys unjoined themselves, to the endless amusement of the other youths. Play resumed, and forty frantic seconds later, the game was over.

Sister Rose's eyes were shining. Every boy had given his all. Their slender, athletic bodies were glowing with healthy sweat; their virile boy-cocks stiff and ready. The glistening of their lean, handsome forms set Sister Rose's loins steaming anew.

"Great game! Great game!" she said. "If you practice and play like that all the time, you'll go unbeaten. Now, blue team takes a break for a bit. You can take those rubber bands off, but no jacking off. You want to cum, you have to earn the privilege.

"Red team, line up!" she barked. And like a fast-food clerk, Sister Rose politely said to the perspiration-soaked 10-year-old in front of her, "Would you like to fuck my cunt or my asshole?"

As the nun peeled off her tiny bra and juice-drenched panties, the boy looked mightily pained. His small cock was almost purple with desire, but his face was near tears.

"Sister... " he said hesitantly. "I... don't know what... where to... "

Her heart melted. This little boy was overwhelmed with physical desire for her, but didn't know anything about the mechanics of sex. She decided to teach him then and there.

"Aw, little Alan," she said, caressing his chin lovingly. "Don't worry. This is going to be so much fun, and you're going to be my star pupil. You were always so smart and so handsome."

That brought a smile to the lad's lips.

"OK, first off," said the perky nun. "Let's learn some terms." She pointed to her swollen, luscious bust. "What are these called?"

Alan looked uncomfortable again. "Uh... your chest?" he stammered.

Sister Rose smiled again, touched at his innocence. "Yes, but they're also called breasts. But big strong men like you with hard cocks usually call them tits. Now, what are they?"

"Tits!" answered the boy, more self-confident now.

"And these things are the ends of my tits are called nipples. Some people call them tits."

"Tits and nips," said the boy, warming to this language lesson.

"And between my legs I have a warm, tight hole for sexy young boys to jam their cute hard pricks into and shoot out a big bunch of yummy sperm. What's it called?"

Alan thought a second, and remembered a word he'd heard earlier.

"Is it your... cunt?" he answered.

"Yes, yes, my cunt! Very good," praised the nun. "It's also called my twat, pussy, cunny, snatch, box and a lot of other fun names. And what's your big sexy thing called?" she asked, fondling the boy's twitching three-inch wang.

"My prick. My dick. My cock!" he replied proudly.

"And between your cute little buns?" she said, reaching around and squeezing the lad's rear end.

"My butthole?"

"Yes, you sexy boy. Also known as an asshole or a shitter or a poop chute." He giggled at that last one.

"So tell me what you want to do, my sexy little man?"

"I wanna put my cock up your cunt!" he said.

"Wonderful," said the pretty naked nun. She opened her legs and leaned back, grabbing Alan by his darling little pecker and pulled him on to of her. He guided his hard pink cock to the entrance of her pussy and then pulled him in, wrapping her long legs around his lean frame.

"Ahhh, yes, my cute little stud. Your sexy cock feels so big in Sister Rose's cunthole. Now, just use those strong boy hips to push your fat, hot cock in and out of my cunt. Yes, that's the way!"

Alan's face was a combination of bliss and wonder as he felt his stone-hard peter engulfed in the delicious furnace of the lovely nun's vagina. He pumped and pumped and worked his trim little buns like a small piston engine, trying to get himself in as deep as he could in the slippery, teasing bit of heaven.

"Yes, yes," Sister Rose cooed, stroking the boy's back and ass. Although the prick in her was barely long enough to nudge her G-spot, its hot top side was plenty stiff enough to file her clit into a high state of arousal. What's more, the very idea of deflowering a innocent yet virile 10-year-old boy make her body hum with desire and abandon.

"I love you, Sister Rose," choked the little boy, as he felt an unfamiliar feeling begin to surge up in his loins. "I'm gonna... I feel funny, Sister. I feel so funny... "

The sexy humping nun smiled and held the boy closer. "It's OK, Alan, sweetie. It's just that your wonderful balls are about to shoot your very first seed, your first sperm. It's so... wonderful. Just let it happen! Give me your cum! All your hot cum!"

The young boy grunted and mewled and straightened like an arrow. "Oh, Sister! Oh GOD! OH GOD! IT'S HAPPENING! OH! OH! OH!" he chanted as his balls erupted and for the first time in his young life, he was shooting his boiling sperm out. He had the added good fortune to be squirting off not into his own shorts and his hand but into the writhing, hot body of a beautiful naked nun.

When she felt the boy's body begin to spasm, she grabbed him closer, and arched her own body up, so that all his weight was balanced on his groin where it was joined to her cunt. The tipping of that fulcrum provided just enough stimulation to her clit to send her into a bone-shattering, joint-stretching orgasm.

"OH GOD IN HEAVEN!" screamed the nun. "OH IT'S SO FUCKING GOOD! SHOOT IT, YOU WONDERFUL LITTLE LAD! FUCK ALL YOUR HOT CUM UP SISTER'S NEEDY CUNT! SQUIRT IT ALL OUT! OH GOD!"

Woman and boy jerked and spasmed and emptied their loins into each other and sweated and moaned and yelled. Eventually their tremors stopped and the lad's heaving chest came to rest on the plump, tingly breasts of the naked, panting nun.

"Mmmmm," said the nun, savoring the feeling of the boy's sexy slippery cum draining into her cunt. "So good. And just 18 more!"
Your opinion is important:
Share with the others what you think about
"Soccer Mom"
     
Switch to Expanded voting form
Incomplete and Inactive Story!

Go to Blackdogs Blog
Last entry on 2011-06-16
Posted: 2002-07-23
Last Modified: 2002-12-27 / 12:00:00 am
Home - Top   Feedback to author
