Home « rlfj's Page « The Game the Whole Family Can Play Index - Settings
Chapter 1
Posted: December 06, 2008 - 11:58:47 am

Frank Sheridan smiled down at his wife Karen. It was early Saturday morning and he was dressed in clean and serviceable work clothes, khakis and a denim shirt. He carried a pair of thin leather work gloves. "Excuse me?"

"You heard me.", his wife said, smiling up at her much taller husband. "I said that you shouldn't go flirting with Ann, she's your daughter's mother-in-law."

"And just why not?", asked Frank with a laugh.

"Because she's too damn pretty. And her tits are bigger than mine, too. I hate her for that alone!", she replied laughing loudly.

Frank and Karen were in the kitchen of their Johnson City home finishing off an early breakfast. Frank planned on leaving after finishing his coffee, and he was leaning back against the counter idly watch Karen as she washed dishes. Frank thought that she still looked as good at 59 as she did forty years earlier, when they had been newlyweds. She had been a damned fine looking, well stacked blonde then, and she still was!

Karen glanced at her husband out of the corner of an eye to find him eyeing her curvy form. As always, her pussy began tingling. Frank might have put on a few pounds since that night he'd popped her cherry, but he still looked good in a ruddy and stocky way. He had always been a virile man who in his younger days had screwed her ragged, and even now that he had turned 60, he still fucked her every night. "What are you looking at?", she asked suspiciously.

Frank smiled and shrugged. "Oh, nothing. Just thinking of a way to keep me from flirting." He waggled his eyebrows lasciviously at his wife.

Karen laughed loudly. "You horny bastard! The Viagra finally kick in?!" She stepped back from the sink and wiped her hand on a dish towel. Frank kept arching his eyebrows lewdly. "Oh, hell, why not."

Frank grinned as Karen stepped forward and kissed him warmly on the lips. Placing his hands on her shoulders, he pushed his wife to the floor in front of him.

Karen smirked as she looked up at her husband. "So, I don't get anything out of this?"

"I didn't know you were planning on flirting with anybody?", answered Frank innocently.

Karen peeled her sweatshirt off, revealing a large and firmly packed bra. She reached behind her and undid the clasp, then shook her bare tits at her husband. "You son of a bitch, I ought to, just for that!" She tossed her clothes aside and undid Franks khakis, pulling them and his briefs down to his knees. A long and thick erection greeted her lips. She opened her mouth and took his cock inside.

When they had first been married, Karen had been an innocent and naïve young farmgirl on a Cortland farm. Frank had only been a year older but had been vastly more experienced. It was he who taught her that there was more, much more, to sex than the simple Missionary Position that her mother had tearfully explained. She had been nervous and afraid when she had first gotten into bed with her new husband, even though she loved him so deeply, but by the next morning she had become an eager student of the Frank Sheridan School For Advanced Fucking. It had been simply wonderful, and she would do anything her horny husband would ask.

Blowjobs had been one of the first things he had taught his new bride, and Karen had been an excellent pupil. Frank had been happy to show her his own expertise at pussy licking when she had once asked him, with immense embarrassment, if a guy could do the same sort of thing to a girl. Still, Frank liked getting hummers, no question about it, and Karen had practiced repeatedly, swallowing many loads of come, until she knew just how to get her husband off quickly.

She put her talents to work now, sucking and jacking her husband's engorged cock, fisting and licking, and noisily swallowing the pre-come that trickled freely from him. As always, she could tell her progress by Frank's comments. As he got closer and closer to coming, he would begin to whisper hoarsely, "Yes, yes, just like that, don't stop, don't stop..." By the time she had him to the breaking point, his hips were churning towards her face and he was whimpering and begging her to keep going. As his cock began to swell in final preparation to spew, she pushed forward, ramming his cock to the back of her throat and began sucking fiercely. Frank gasped and unloaded into Karen's mouth.

Karen left her bra and sweatshirt on the floor as she stood up and resumed washing the dishes. "I guess that was okay?", she asked sweetly.

Frank uncrossed his eyes and willed his heart to start up again. He grabbed his pants and pulled them up, smiling at his wife's half naked form. Her big tits didn't sag much more now than they did when she was so much younger, and he grinned. "Yeah, that was adequate." He hurriedly buckled and zipped before the inevitable explosion.

"ADEQUATE!!??!!??"

Frank was still grinning as he drove the truck down Route 17 towards Binghamton. She had thrown not one, but two pots at him as he scrambled out the door, and he was sure that more would have followed if his wife hadn't remembered that she was topless. He knew that he was going to have to make it up to her that night, probably with a good dinner and a better fuck, but he really didn't mind. The only thing that would end up being punished would be his wallet, and dessert would be worth it.

Frank Sheridan still worked, though he was in semi-retirement status. He had started out as a carpenter and cabinetmaker, and he and Karen had moved to Binghamton in the early Sixties to start a furniture and cabinet refinishing and repair business. They had worked hard and the business had prospered, and now the payoff was coming in. Although Terri, their daughter, and her husband had no interest in taking it over, his lead foreman had been very interested, and he and Frank had come to terms. Frank still owned a hair over half the business, with the rest to go to the foreman after his death; in the meantime the foreman made a down payment and recycled part of his pay back to Frank. Karen quit completely and Frank cut his own hours way back, though he still showed up and puttered as he wanted. Everyone seemed happy - Karen and Frank had ample time and money, and the new boss could still trot out the "founders" as needed.

This morning, the cargo van was loaded with an oak kitchen table and four matching oak chairs that were the property of their in-laws. Bob and Ann Roman had moved to the area from Queens when they had retired in the spring, and their kitchen set had been damaged in the move. The whole family had been there, helping them to move into their new home in Whitney Point, even the grandkids, and Frank had announced that he could get the damage fixed. Ann had been rather skeptical, but Frank had sent around a couple of husky young men the following week who had retrieved the set with promises to make them better than new. He had been as good as his word, and now the kitchen set, repaired, refinished, and reupholstered, was in the back of the van.

Frank laughed as he turned off Route 17 and began heading up I-81 towards Whitney Point. His in-laws still couldn't believe how much less things cost in their new home compared to New York City. For what they sold their home for, they were able to buy a much nicer and larger home, with a pool and several acres of woodland. They had a hard time understanding the concept of owning acreage, when their last house had sat on a 75' by 75' lot. Between their pensions and their Social Security and the remainder of the proceeds of the sale, the Romans could afford a very pleasant, though not extravagant, retirement.

It was shortly before 10:00 that morning when Frank pulled off the side road and turned into the Roman's driveway. Nobody seemed around, but Ann's car was parked to the side, and besides, he knew where the spare key was hidden. Turning off the motor, he moved to the back of the van and started up the hydraulic lift, then opened the doors on the back. He rode the lift up and untied the cargo dolly.

Ann Roman was showering when the sound of hydraulics and heavy equipment awoke her from her daydream. She had been idly running her fingers over her pussy lips, smiling at the remembrance of her husband Bob's lovemaking of the night before. He was always a good lover, but last night had been just a little bit more special. She would have been happy to return the favor this morning, but he had rushed off to a golf game before she had awoken. That was one of the nicer things about being retired - they both loved morning sex, and could now indulge as often as they wanted.

Now as the whine of hydraulics filled the morning quiet, Ann turned off the shower and stepped out, drying herself quickly. Grabbing her short terry cloth robe, she wrapped it around her lush form and scurried down the stairs to see what was going on. The noise seemed louder at the back of the house, so she tightened the belt as she moved into the kitchen. Through the window she could see Terri's father lowering her kitchen table on a handcart from the back of a furniture van, and quickly popped the back door open. "Jeez, you should have called! I could have gotten Bob to help you."

"Yeah, where is Bob?", asked Frank, eyeing his in-law.

"Golfing with his son."

In her very short and small robe, Frank thought Ann looked extremely appealing. An awful lot of leg and cleavage were showing, and he knew that the robe was all she had on. He didn't play golf himself, but if he had, he wouldn't have left a woman like that at home, just to go beat up on a little white ball!

Ann noticed that Frank was practically leering at her, though he was being the perfect gentleman. Looking down, she discovered that her robe had loosened slightly, and it had opened almost to her navel. Tugging it around her more closely, she said, "Christ, I'd better get dressed and give you a hand."

Frank laughed, a devilish look in his eyes. "Don't change on my account. The view is fine from here. Besides, I don't need any help with this. Just stand back and I'll set things up myself."

Ann laughed at the cocky response, and moved aside. She rebelted the robe and directed Frank to where she wanted the table. Another few trips brought in the chairs, then Ann invited Frank in for some coffee. Frank sat down on one of his rebuilt chairs and watched as Ann puttered around the kitchen, making coffee, setting out cream and sugar, and getting cups and saucers. He really liked the last part, since she had to stand on tip toe to reach the cups and saucers, and the robe rose above her ass, showing a pair of delicious asscheeks. The robe fell back into place as she turned towards him, then she served the coffee and sat down besides him to join him in a cup.

Despite his wife's edict to not flirt, or perhaps because of it, Frank flirted shamelessly with Ann Roman. Prior to their moving upstate last year, the two couples had only seen each other at various family functions with their children and grandchildren, and occasionally when the Romans were traveling on vacation. They had always gotten along wonderfully, though, and were friendly in an easy and open manner. Ann was comfortable with Frank and flirted right back, enjoying the attention her guest was paying her. Bob gave her plenty of attention in his own right, but he was her husband - this was different!

Frank was finishing his coffee when the house cat wandered through, startling him enough so that when he turned he knocked his coffee spoon to the floor. Kneeling, he moved under the table to pick up his silverware, when he looked up slightly, to see Ann's robe opened wide and her knees spread apart at a comfortable angle. As he had suspected, his hostess had not been wearing anything underneath her robe, and he delayed moving, savoring the sight. Ann Roman shaved her pussy! She was shaved smooth and bare, and her cunt was moist and puffy looking. Her inner lips and clit were definitely visible, and looked very inviting.

"Like the view?", she asked after a moment, when she realized Frank wasn't coming up right away. She crossed her legs decorously under the table, startling her guest.

Frank crawled out from under the table. His face was beet red in embarrassment, but he was smiling. "Real nice. I'm surprised that Bob left that to go golfing."

Ann laughed lightly. "He took care of business last night." She stood and began cleaning up the coffee cups and dishes, and Frank followed her to the counter. "What about Karen? She take care of business last night, too?"

"You bet, but like I said, don't feel you have to change anything on my account. I liked the view just fine."

Ann's pussy was going into overload as this tall and sexy man watched and flirted her. She and Bob had a somewhat open marriage, though it had been years since either had fooled around on the side. When they were younger, in the Sixties and Seventies, they had occasionally joined in at "key parties", where after the party, car keys were put into a hat and the wives would pick out a set of keys, to go home or to a motel with the driver of the car and fuck their brains out. The advent of AIDS and new drug-resistant strains of other diseases had scared them away from the swing scene, and they had kept their carnal appetites to themselves. "You must be a handful for Karen.", commented Ann.

"Only one way to find out.", he riposted.

Ann felt a wave of horniness flow through her, centering on her tits and pussy. Deciding to grab the bull by the horns, she turned to face Frank. Loosening the belt on her robe, she shrugged it off to let it slip to the floor. Naked, she faced him and said, "So how's the view now?"

Frank grinned as his eyes feasted on the sight before him. Ann Roman was the same age as his wife Karen, but like Karen, she had aged marvelously. She was a redhead, but he doubted it was real, and in the absence of pubic hair, he had no way of knowing if it was her natural color or not. The dye job was a good one, he suspected, looking a natural shade of auburn. Karen's blonde was easier, he knew, since she was a blonde to begin with.

Ann had a slim waist, a nicely rounded ass, and great legs. Her most interesting attributes were what Karen had commented on that morning, a truly stupendous rack, even larger than his wife's own 36D, though on Ann's slightly taller frame they didn't look outlandish. They had a slight and pleasant sag to them, and her nipples were very large and dark coral in color. He looked her up and down, and grinned, "I got to ask. Is that really as smooth as a baby's behind?", pointing at her pussy.

Ann had been staring on her own, marveling at the way Frank's trousers were tenting out from the erection inside. Karen looked to be getting as much cock as Ann did, and Bob was much more endowed than the average man. Startled by his comment, Ann reached out and took Frank's hand. Pulling him closer, she pushed his hand down between her legs and said, "Only one way to find out."

Frank began to instinctively fondle Ann's bare cunt, slipping a finger inside to rub her clit. Both he and Karen had fooled around on occasion, but it had been years, and neither had been involved in anything as formal as key parties or swing groups. Instead, though neither had chased after others, neither ran from them either, and if something happened, they told the other afterwards.

Frank stepped closer. Lowering his face and lifting his free hand, he began sucking and tweaking Ann's mammoth tits, even as he continued to delve into her hot and slick cunt. His fingers were coated with pussy juice, and Ann began shaking in orgasm. He relented slightly, and she reached out to stroke his cock through his pants. Frank resumed fingerfucking Ann and brought her to a second crashing come, pushing her back against the countertop to steady her as her knees weakened.

Ann gasped, her face flushed with the come she had just had, then pushed Frank back. She pushed him back towards her newly reupholstered chairs, then undid his buckle and zipper. Pushing his pants and shorts down, she directed him to sit on the chair, then straddled his legs and lowered herself onto him. Frank aimed his cock so that she could sit on it, and she dropped down onto it. She took it completely inside and began bouncing atop him slowly.

Ann couldn't believe how good Frank Sheridan felt. Though almost an inch shorter than her husband's 8½ inches, he was also almost an inch wider! Her pussy stretched tightly around his cock as she bounced atop him. Ann began to moan and whimper as she fucked her in-law. She held her tits up for Frank to suckle, and he grabbed her as to raise and lower her, guiding the fuck and directing the speed. Finally, unable to withstand the waves of pleasure running the length of his cock, Frank exploded, spewing his come up into her greedy and bare twat.

Ann collapsed in Frank's lap while his cock shrank and pulled loose, causing a flood of come to wash down onto his balls. Hopping off the chair, Ann grabbed a wet dish cloth and urged Frank out of the way. "Christ, we just had these chairs done!" Frank simply laughed as he dressed.
Chapter 2
Home - Top   Feedback to author


Home « rlfj's Page « The Game the Whole Family Can Play Index « Previous - Settings
Chapter 2
Posted: December 08, 2008 - 09:57:50 am

Frank Sheridan was entirely unsurprised to find when he returned home that his wife had made dinner reservations that night in Binghamton, a place he had never heard of but was assured that it was oh so new and oh so chic and oh so expensive. He had been expecting just such an event, and acquiesced pleasantly. Karen seemingly forgot her temper of the morning. They had returned late, with Karen teasing Frank by twisting on the front seat so as to talk to him, an action which caused her knee length dress to ride very high up her silky thighs.

It was a game that Frank enjoyed, and he laid a hand idly on her knee, caressing it and the flesh above gently. Once inside, he had suggested a nightcap, a Chardonnay he knew she liked, and brought it and a pair of glasses into the living room. Karen was standing at the patio door at the rear of the house, looking out over the valley. Frank stepped up behind her and kissed her neck gently. Karen shivered at the touch, then stood still as she felt his hands upon her. Frank unzipped his wife's dress and allowed it to slide to the floor, then took in the sight of his wife of forty years wearing nothing but her lingerie. Beneath the dress she had been wearing thigh length black stockings and black lace bikini panties; in the reflection of the door, he saw that the matching black lace bra consisted of half cups alone, and that her breasts and nipples were presented on a plate for his tasting.

Frank caressed his wife again, then undid the clasp on her bra and pulled it off. Karen turned to him, with lust and love in her eyes, and took the proffered wine glass. She smiled coyly as she sipped, standing almost naked before her still dressed husband, but she knew that was a condition which would be only momentary. She continued sipping her wine as Frank knelt before her and slid her panties off. Karen lifted her feet to allow him to slide them completely off. She was wearing ankle strapped high heels that would remain on her during their lovemaking; she knew Frank liked fucking her in stockings and heels, and that thought excited her tremendously.

She continued sipping her wine as Frank led her to the armchair and had her sit. He smiled at her and she was curious, but he silently took her free hand and pushed it between her legs. Then he refreshed her glass while she fingered her clit slowly. Frank wanted a show, so she gave him one, spreading her legs wide apart, and groping herself obscenely, while her husband gazed upon her hungrily and proceeded to undress. He did this slowly, so as to draw out the moment, then when he was dressed in nothing but his pants, knelt between her outstretched legs. Karen looked at her husband wide-eyed as she saw him pick his wineglass off the coffee table. Frank dipped a finger in the Chardonnay and traced a gentle pattern across her pussy. Karen sighed in contentment as Frank leaned in to lick the wine up.

Frank continued this pleasant torture until he had sipped and licked his wine glass empty, then leaned in to finish his wife off in a crashing orgasm that left her shaking in the chair. He looked up at her with a self-satisfied grin, then leaned back on his heels. Undoing his pants, he pushed them and his shorts down his thighs, then knelt again and moved forward. Tucking his wife's legs over his arms, his cock found easy entrance into her pussy, twitching and pulsing with desire. Karen gasped as his cock moved relentlessly inward, and she came again as she moaned and panted her need to her husband. Frank fucked her slowly, with long and deep strokes, reveling in his wife's orgasms, until his own need grew too maddening. Increasing his tempo markedly, he plunged and bucked into Karen's cunt, arching his back and collapsing against her as his balls drained into her well used twat.

The pair kissed each other deeply, then Karen climbed out of the chair and moved down the hall, gathering clothing as she went. Frank pulled his pants back up and collapsed into the armchair, pouring himself a fresh glass of wine and sipping it as he contemplated the day's events. It had been a notable one, and he idly wondered how he would tell Karen. He wasn't overly concerned; they had both fucked others before. Their love for each other transcended the physical, their physical love simply heightened it.

Karen returned from their bathroom where she had showered and changed. Now dressed in a simple and short lace nightie, she picked up the remaining clothing and kissed her husband quickly. After the last fuck, she doubted Frank would be stiff again before morning, but either way, now or later, she wanted her husband to screw her some more before he left their bed.

Frank finished his wine and put the glasses in the kitchen, then ambled up the stairs and down the darkened hallway to their room. He brushed his teeth and prepared for bed, stripping to his usual outfit of briefs, then slipped into his side of the bed. Karen murmured contentedly as she began dozing off, and Frank moved behind her spoon fashion. Resting a hand on her hip, he noted happily that her nightgown had slipped up around her waist and her ass was bare to the touch. He caressed it briefly and was pleased to feel the start of another erection. Carefully moving away, he reached down and slipped his shorts off, then moved back against his wife. At the touch of her naked flesh, his cock stiffened even further, so he decided to put it to good use. Slipping his hand around to her front, he toyed with Karen's pussy until she moaned and woke, then spread her legs while he pushed in from behind.

"Oh, Frank, what has got you so turned on tonight?", asked Karen as her husband moved against her.

"Complaining?"

"Hell no! I just want to know what to do to keep you like this!", she laughed as her body responded to his touch. She began clamping her pussy around the invader from behind, but knew that after their fuck only a while ago, she was in for a nice and long screw.

"Well, I'll tell you...", started Frank, relating what had gone on over at the Roman household earlier. As he knew she would, Karen became even more excited, demanding to know each and every detail of who had done what, and when, and where, and how. Finally, Frank could take no more. Rolling his wife over so that she was face down, he straddled her thighs and began fucking her hard and fast. Karen moaned in pleasure as she came non-stop, then orgasmed even more when she felt Frank's cock spurting into her again.

They collapsed in sheer exhaustion and slept until well past their usual time the next day. Later that Sunday afternoon, Karen decided that some afternoon delight was in order. She called her husband up to their room on a flimsy pretext and greeted him in the buff. While she gave him a pre-fuck handjob, she mentioned that she was going to call Ann Roman.

"Oh?", asked Frank.

"Well, darling, what is sauce for the goose is sauce for the gander, or so they say. I think I need to check out Bob, hmmm?" Karen leaned down to lick Frank's balls, knowing she would get little argument from him. She was right, he readily agreed, then allowed his wife to climb on top and ride him to a very pleasant mutual orgasm.

"Really? Ann didn't say anything to me?", said Bob Roman to Karen Sheridan, mystified. It was a Wednesday morning, perfectly warm and sunny, and Karen had shown up in shorts and T-shirt to join Ann in a swim in the Roman's in-ground pool.

"Well, maybe she was just going to pick up something at the store in town?"

"No, she mentioned something about hitting one of the malls over in Vestal with Terri, actually.", he answered.

"Well, that's okay. She probably just forgot. I'll go home and call her later."

"No, don't be silly. You're here, swim! I wasn't doing anything, I'll just go put on a pair of trunks and join you." Bob replied.

Karen smiled. She had called Ann on Monday morning and the two had met for lunch and talked things over. Neither considered it that unusual that they were screwing each other's husbands. The only thing out of the ordinary was that they were related in a fashion through their children. They had concocted this plan after seeing the weather forecast. While Bob went inside to change, Karen hurriedly stripped off her shorts and shirt, then spread a blanket out.

Bob Roman was only mildly upset by his wife's forgetfulness. The Sheridans and the kids were always welcome at the house, and there was a standing invitation to use the pool. Bob had not been at all thrilled at the idea of a swimming pool, but Ann had prevailed, whispering into his ear that she had always wanted to get an all-over tan. Bob's eyes had goggled at the thought, then he had turned to the real estate agent and bought the house. The layout of the house and grounds ensured their privacy, and Ann Roman no longer had tan lines, and her husband fucked her frequently in and around the pool.

Bob stripped off his clothes and slipped into a pair of loose trunks that his wife had bought him. He never paid any attention to the fact that they were a very lightweight white fabric that, when wet, displayed his prodigious cock plainly. He walked outside to find that Karen had already jumped into the pool, so he did an impromptu cannonball and joined her. The pair swam and talked for several minutes more, then Karen decided to tan, and climbed from the pool. Bob swam a couple of more laps, then climbed out himself. Karen stared hungrily at the dark package so prominently highlighted by the thin, wet fabric.

Bob dried himself, not realizing that his cock was practically on display, and sank to the grass besides his guest. He smiled innocently at Karen, and she smiled back, tossing him a tube of sunscreen. "Do my back?", she asked.

"Sure." Bob knelt at her side and squirted some lotion on her back. Karen had been wearing a one-piece knit suit, that showed a generous amount of leg, back, and cleavage. He worked the sunblock into her skin, plying the firm flesh. Karen had him stop at one point, to work her arms out of the straps and push the suit down to her waist, but she maintained a perfect decorum; Bob only saw the sides of her breasts as they were flattened into the towel beneath her. He continued with more tanning oil, going lower on her back and down her sides, massaging her much as he massaged Ann. He barely noticed as Karen pushed the suit down around her hips, and then lower, to bare her ass to his view. Bob continued to apply the lotion.

Karen luxuriated in the feel of the strange hands on her skin. Bob Roman looked uncannily like Jack Palance, the movie star, not handsome but striking, with a hard body and a face of jagged planes and angles. Ann had told her that he gave unbelievable massages; now Karen believed! She was incredibly turned on. Deciding that her back was well oiled, Karen rolled over and smiled. "Don't stop now.", she said lightly. Looking down, she saw that while Bob's swimsuit was no longer wet and sheer, it did nothing to hide the massive erection inside.

"You sure?", Bob asked with a smile. Karen nodded dreamily, and Bob squirted more lotion up and down her torso. He tugged her suit off completely, and then began to work the sunscreen in all over. Even though her entire body ended up oiled, her tits and pussy needed extra protection, so he concentrated on them. Soon she was shaking as she came.

During a slight break, while Bob squirted some more oil on his hands, Karen bestirred herself. Rising up, she tugged his shorts off, to stare hungrily at his cock. It was longer that Frank's, though slimmer, and her pussy got even wetter. Bob grinned as he slipped the swimsuit off. He gave her a final massage and a second orgasm, then positioned himself between her outstretched legs and lowered his cock into her grasping pussy. Karen wrapped her legs and arms around him as he fucked her hard and fast, coming powerfully as he did. Finishing, they jumped into the pool to cool off, only to heat things up again with another fuck, this time with Bob taking her from behind in the shallow end.

Bob slipped into her pussy from behind, holding her hips as he slowly bucked against her. Then he surprised Karen, by running his fingers around her hips and ass and down the crack between her cheeks. He idly fondled her asshole, sending a wave of pleasure through her body, and she groaned contentedly. Karen sighed, "Ann said you liked to do that, and she was right."

Bob stopped in midstroke and it took Karen thrusting back at him to start him up again. "Ann? ... She said I liked ... Karen, what the hell is going on.?"

"Let's see, Bob,", she said, luxuriating in his touch. "The simple answer is that your wife told me that you like to stuff your dork up her ass, and that you were pretty good at doing it too, by the way."

"But..."

"The long answer is that we talked over my fucking you and she thought it was a great idea. She fucked Frank over the weekend, and we talked it over, and we decided that payback was a wonderful idea. Oh, it is, it is! Fuck me, fuck me!" Karen thrust back at her in-law, making a small set of waves in the process.

Bob's mind was awhirl with this revelation. The thought that this was some grand scheme both horrified and delighted him. He ran a finger around Karen's asshole again, eliciting another loud moan, and he leaned over her shoulder to look down at her heaving tits and whisper, "Want to find out just how good I ass fuck?"

Karen's pussy spasmed at the idea, and she nodded weakly. Bob Roman pulled out and took her by the hand, leading her to a ladder and allowing her to climb out first. Karen waited for him to join her, then walked with him to the towel. She knelt on the towel and raised her ass high, lowering her face to the towel in blissful expectation. Normally she was nervous about Frank fucking her ass; his cock was so wide that unless she was really excited and lubricated, it hurt terribly. Most times she agreed to it, she was half in the bag. This day, she was excited, and not just because she knew Bob's slimmer dick would enter her ass much more easily.

Bob knelt behind Karen and squirted some sunscreen on her asshole and worked it around and into her butt. Another squirt coated his cock, and he moved closer. His cockhead slipped easily into the tight brown ring, and he pushed forward slowly as Karen moaned and came. Bob's long and slim cock went in it's entire length, bottoming out when his pubic hair was rubbing her ass, then he reversed the process and pulled out almost completely. His next stroke was faster, and the third was faster yet, causing his balls to swing up and rub against her pussy from below. It was all he could do to keep from blowing his wad up her ass, as Karen moaned and whined and shivered and shuddered. She was in constant orgasm. She collapsed to the ground and Bob followed, to straddle her thighs with his cock still inside her asshole, and he fucked her senseless another few minutes until the enjoyment became too much. A second load of jism, bigger than the first, blasted into her bowels.

They rested 'til noon, then cleaned up and Karen went home. She told Bob all that she and Frank and Ann had discussed, and asked if he thought a small party might not be in order, just the four of them.
Chapter 3
Home - Top   Feedback to author


Home « rlfj's Page « The Game the Whole Family Can Play Index « Previous - Settings
Chapter 3
Posted: December 11, 2008 - 09:56:01 pm

"So, where are we going to dinner?", asked William Roman. He had just given his wife a kiss 'Hello' and had been informed that the kids were all out for the night and that he was taking her to dinner. She obviously had some sort of romantic night planned, but couldn't understand why, with the house to themselves, they just didn't stay home and screw. He had given up trying to understand women years before.

"We have reservations at The Silo.", replied Terri.

Wills, nicknamed that since boyhood, stopped and stared at his wife incredulously. "The Silo?! In Greene?! That's an hour away!"

Terri pushed her husband towards the bedroom and the attached bath. "No it's not, it's barely half that. We can drop those church social invitations off at your folks. Now, go take a shower and get dressed."

Wills shrugged helplessly. The drive was more accurately about forty-plus minutes, but he recognized a battle which could not be won. He went into his bathroom and stripped down. As a design engineer with Link, he often could wear khakis and a sport shirt to work, especially if he was working in the factory and the shirt had a corporate logo on it. The outfit was way too casual for dinner. He examined his face in the mirror; a second shave would not be necessary.

He was turning off the shower when he realized that he was no longer alone in the bathroom. Peeking around the shower curtain he discovered Terri sitting on the toilet, her sweatpants and panties around her ankles. She blushed at being caught, and looked away. Wills felt the normal stirring in his loins on seeing his wife half-naked, and his cock began thickening. 'What the hell, we're alone' went through his mind.

Pushing the curtain out of the way, Wills Roman stood naked before his wife and began drying himself off. Terri's eyes naturally were drawn his way, which only caused his cock to become stiffer. After drying off everything and hiding nothing, he ostentatiously rubbed the towel over his cock and balls, leaving it standing proudly at attention.

Terri grinned as her husband of seventeen years stepped towards her, his cock pointing at her face. She thought it was the most beautiful penis in the world. She had not been a virgin when they had met and become friends and lovers, and she had seen numerous erections before his. In her considered opinion, her husband had the perfect cock, eight inches long and two inches wide, with a large circumcised head and a nicely matched pair of balls hanging below. It was a cock that was big enough to fill her hungry pussy, yet not too big to swallow completely. Her pussy began heating at the sight.

Frank walked up to his wife, still seated on the toilet, and stuck his cock in her face.

"What's this??", she asked, grinning. Terri reached out to lightly stroke the shaft.

"Consider it an appetizer."

"Just so long as it's not the main course." Terri leaned forward and placed his cockhead between her lips. This she began sucking and licking with her tongue, as she stroked and jacked his cockshaft heatedly. She had sucked her husband's cock many times, and knew exactly what to do to get him off. She could sense him getting close when he surprised her by pulling back.

His cock was red and inflamed as he stepped back from his sucking wife, but Wills wanted more. Pulling Terri upright and off the toilet, he pushed her to the floor in a kneeling position. Swiftly moving behind her, he knelt and stuffed his cock inside her cunt. He knew his wife and knew that after five minutes of cocksucking, she would be near orgasm herself. Her pussy needed no foreplay to be wet and slick, and he slipped in easily. Terri gasped as she came. "Fuck me, fuck me!", she demanded.

Loudly! Behind her, Wills slammed in and out of his wife's pussy, smiling as she yelled for him to fuck her, that she was coming, that it felt so good. Terri Sheridan had been an incredibly vocal fuck before they had been married, an aspect of her easy sexuality that combined with her centerfold looks to make her a coed very much in demand. Wills Roman had been the ultimate winner, at the price of incessant pounding on the walls of dorm and fraternity rooms by jealous friends. The birth of triplets a year after their marriage had required them to move out of their apartment and buy a house, much to the relief of their neighbors. Several years later, Wills had been forced to rip the plaster out of their bedroom walls and insulate them, as soundproofing, when the kids had started knocking on the door in the middle of the night. It was worth it, since Terri really went nuts while fucking!

Wills pushed her sweatshirt up above her tits, then undid the clasp on his wife's bra. Her 36DD tits swung free, and he reached around to cup and fondle them as he rode her from behind. Terri climaxed again from the added stimulus, and began making inhuman grunts and moans as she came. It became too much for her husband, who grunted with relief when he came, spraying his come into his wife's quivering cunt. Terri cried out as she felt his cock spasm, then collapsed to the carpet. "Wow, now I need the shower.", she commented.

"Too bad, you got me sweaty.", smirked Wills. He got up, in the process keeping his wife lying on the floor, and stepped back into the shower.

"You son of a bitch!", she yelled at him. As her husband stepped back under the hot water and closed the curtain, Terri smiled. She kicked off her sweatpants and pulled off her other clothing, then smiled like the Cheshire Cat. Revenge was a dish best served cold? She flushed the toilet and was most gratified at the scream of indignation which resulted.

Terri Roman always enjoyed dining like this, though she was rarely able to do so this close to home. Wills was dressed nicely, if conservatively, in gray slacks, white shirt, and a light blue blazer. She on the other hand, wore a long white linen dress and a pair of slinky sandals with three inch heels, and that was all. What made her the object of attention in the restaurant was the dress, and specifically, how it was constructed.

Only a few years previous, she and her best friend, Betty Smith, had been shopping together when they came across the dresses in a local mall. Calf length and halter topped, lined for opaque discretion but with a couple of knee length slits up each leg, the dresses were on sale and quite inexpensive, and they each bought one. The problem didn't start until they got them back to Betty's house and tried them on again.

It was Betty who first noticed it. She was a plumply pretty housewife whose husband seemed to believe in keeping his wife pregnant and barefoot in the kitchen. Two years younger than Terry, she already had six children and blithely told Terry that she and he were trying for number seven. As she moved in front of the dining room mirror, she noticed a seam that had unraveled at the hem. Bending down, she discovered that the stitching holding the lining to the dress was unraveling completely. The dresses had been sold pretty much "as is", so there was no taking them back, so she changed back into her regular clothes and got out her sewing machine.

Terry noticed that the lining to her dress was unraveling as well, and it was she who had the idea of removing it completely. Betty had been scandalized, but had giggled and gone along with the idea. They had carefully removed the linings, then Betty had restitched the seams. Further, they had lengthened the slits up the front of each leg considerably. Betty had admitted that she could never wear the dress out in public, but that it was just the thing to wear after she got the kids in bed, to entice her husband to do his part in making the next one.

Terry had modeled the redone outfit, while Betty cooed at the sight, and though she told her friend the same thing, that she would never wear the dress out in public, she decided to test the waters anyway. She and Wills were taking a long weekend at Lake Placid that summer, and that was far enough away from family and friends that she wouldn't feel too uncomfortable. It had been an incredible hit with her husband, who had fucked her brains out as soon as he saw her in the dress.

Tonight, she had not simply walked into The Silo, she had strutted, her head held high, her proud breasts thrust out, her legs flashing through the slits in the skirt, the very personification of S-E-X! Wills noticed how every man in the room was staring, as well as most of the women. In particular, one woman, with a man, no less, was licking her lips hungrily at the sight.

The white linen fit her like a second skin, especially after the first couple of washings had shrunk it marginally. Without the lining her prominent nipples were outlined, and the bright whiteness contrasted marvelously with her golden hair and bronzed skin. Terry tanned regularly at a nearby tanning salon, without a suit so that there were no troublesome bikini lines, and the backless dress showed off her flawless skin. She could never wear panties with this dress, and tonight she had even disdained stockings; while showering she had shaved her legs and her pussy, so that not even a faint triangle of pubic hair would show through the thin fabric. Other than her sandals, she simply wore some skin lotion and perfume beneath the dress.

Wills' cock was in an almost constant state of semi-erection from the time his wife had joined him in the living room prior to leaving. As always, he had wanted to screw her dressed just that way, but Terry was able to laughingly put him off. "What, you want more kids?" She had told him about how she and Betty had modified the dresses, and that as close as they could figure it, Betty's seventh and later her eighth children were conceived while her dress was around her waist! That was a sufficient damper on her husband's ardor to put him off until later. She had never mentioned Betty's other comment, about how the fabric was a good one for cleaning, since if you got it into a presoak within a few hours, the sweat and come just washed right out.

Later was sure to prove interesting. They split two bottles of wine, though Wills limited himself since he was driving, which meant that his wife drank well over a bottle on her own. Terry began making a string of lewd suggestions to her husband as the night progressed. When, over coffee, she loudly requested that he take her home and screw her, he agreed and hustled her out as she laughed wildly. He loaded her in her car, then went around and climbed in the driver's seat.

Terry's car was an eight year old Lincoln Town Car that she had purchased through her job. A legal secretary, her firm had handled an estate auction for what turned out to be a real life little old lady who only drove her car to church. Eight years old and immaculately maintained, the vehicle had less than 15,000 miles on it. Its age had reduced the price to practically nothing; they were able to sell her one year old minivan for more than the cost of the Town Car! Now, Wills' Bronco became the 'mom bomb' when needed, and Terry got the luxury car.

Tonight, it was Wills' turn to drive, and Terry got to be the passenger lounging in sybaritic delight. Disdaining her seatbelt, she raised the armrest separating the bench seat and snuggled up next to her husband, who smiled and put an arm around her shoulders. They drove like this out of the parking lot and back towards Route 206, but once they were on the darkened road, Wills pulled his arm back and rested it gently upon his wife's bare thigh.

This was all the signal Terry needed to start fooling around. Moving slightly, she pulled her dress up so that it was loose around her waist and her bare ass was sitting on the cushions. Then she reached over and began rubbing her husband's cock through his trousers, even as she began licking and nibbling at his ear.

"Baby, you keep doing that, we're going to have an accident.", commented her husband as he worked his fingers between her thighs to caress the silky bald skin of her pussy.

"Well, you'd better find a place to pull over then.", she replied. Not relenting, she unzipped his trousers and slipped her hand inside to grab his engorged cock.

Wills drove to the next minor crossroads as his wife jerked his cock, then pulled off. He drove another couple of miles until he found a suitable spot, a deserted farm road, and pulled in. "Come on honey, let's get in the back."

Terry laughed and pointed to the back seat, where several boxes were setting. "Remember, we have to stop at your parents first."

"Oh, Christ, honey! You got to do me now!", he begged.

Terry grinned and relented, twisting on the spacious front seat and lowering her head to her husband's lap. Wills shifted to help his wife push his pants down, then urged her lips towards his cock. He groaned with relief as she engulfed him and began some immediate deep throat. For his part, Wills reached behind his wife's head and undid the halter top to her dress, peeling it down to expose her magnificent tits, then slid a hand under the skirt. Terry shifted position to give him access to her pussy, then started to Hoover his cock. She knew she wouldn't have to work very much longer, since his pre-come was flowing freely, and only a few minutes later she was pleasantly rewarded. Wills quietly grunted as his cock expanded even further, then filled his wife's mouth with come. Terry swallowed as best she could, though some leaked out around her lips, then she licked these droplets up as her husband panted and gasped while his cock deflated.

"Now, what about me?", she asked pouting and batting her eyes.

"Well, since the back seat is out, I just don't know.", said Wills. "Let me see if I can think of something." With that, he shifted his wife so that she was reclining in his arms, her dress around her waist, and lowered his face to her breasts. He chewed and licked at her tits as his hand pawed between her legs, and Wills was delighted to hear his wife begin to scream and cry as she orgasmed. He enjoyed this particular form of torture a great deal. Normally, by this point in their lovemaking, Terry would have literally grabbed him by the balls and DEMANDED that he fuck her. Tonight she was forced to lay there and take it, and by the time Wills tired of tormenting her G-spot, his wife was literally shaking, her face and body flushed, and her golden hair and skin streaked with sweat.

Terry smiled up from her position in her husband's arms and pulled his face down to hers, then kissed him deeply. "Oh my, darling, now I'm the one who is sorry about the back seat. God, but I love you!"

"Want to go dump this stuff off with my folks?", he asked, pointing a thumb over his shoulder into the back seat.

"Yeah!", she nodded and continued, "Then we can drive down Route 11 instead of getting on the highway, maybe find a place to pull over again?"

Wills smiled and helped his wife upright, so they could repair their clothing. It was only another fifteen minutes to his parent's home, so they lowered their windows, to remove the reek of sex and sweat. By the time they arrived at the house, Terry had a subtle scent of perfume and arousal.

Both Terry and her husband were curiously surprised to see that her parents were visiting, as evidenced by their car in the drive. The dropped the boxes of church circulars on the back porch and stepped inside, then walked through the house to peek into the living room and see what was up.

The First Official Roman-Sheridan Family Orgy occurred exactly one week to the day after Frank nailed Ann in her kitchen. Ann had called Karen late in the afternoon on Wednesday. She would have called earlier, but her husband had surprised her when she got back from shopping. After helping Ann with the packages, Bob had guided her to their bedroom. Once inside, he had undressed her and tied her hands behind her back, then had spent the rest of the afternoon torturing her by fingering and licking her until she was on the edge of orgasm, then stopping. She spent the entire afternoon on the edge of coming, so needy of an orgasm that Bob had to laughingly stop her from humping against the bed in an effort to get herself off. He had finally relented, pushing her face forward over their pillows and fucking her from behind. She had come massively, starting the moment his cock slipped into her greasy hot snatch, and continuing until he finally spewed his come into her. They had cuddled briefly, then Bob had untied her hands and smacked her ass and sent her on her way.

The two women agreed to get together at the Sheridan house Saturday night. This time, they would let their husbands in on the plan, so there would be no secrets about anything. Neither had worn any underwear. Karen wore a loose knee length skirt and a halter top, while Ann wore a knee length skirt and a tight sweater. Both Bob and Frank wore khakis and sport shirts.

Dinner was grilled steaks and corn, then after the dishes were done, the four went inside. The mosquitoes were coming out in force, and everybody moved into the family room on the rear of the house. This was a fairly private room that looked out across the back yard and down over the hillside into the valley below, and they settled down to finish their beers. Ann sat on the couch next to her husband while Karen sat on Frank's lap.

Nothing occurred until the first round of after-dinner beers was finished. Karen and Ann got up and grabbed another round, but this time they switched husbands. Karen sat on the couch next to Bob, and Ann sat down on Frank's lap. Both men grinned at each other and let their fingers do the walking while they sipped at their beers.

Ann drained her beer, chugging it down when she felt Frank slide a hand under the bottom of her sweater. Her nipples were threatening to poke through her sweater and she was extremely turned on. Shifting slightly, she pulled her skirt up around her waist and snuggled against Frank as he probed between her thighs. She glanced over at Karen to discover that things were moving along nicely. Bob had undone his hostess' halter top and tossed it aside, and Karen had her skirt around her waist as well. Karen also had undone Bob's pants and had a hand inside, and Bob's eyes had a blissfully content look from the handjob.

The mutual masturbation continued for several more minutes, with Ann undoing Frank's pants as well, then she stood. The others looked at her curiously and Ann pulled Frank upright. "Move over, guys.", she said to Karen and Bob. She peeled off her clothing and helped Frank out of his, then pushed him down onto the couch next to her husband. Karen stripped Bob, then stood and slipped out of her skirt. She looked at Ann, who said, "Dueling blowjobs." She knelt between Frank's legs.

The other three laughed, but Bob pulled Karen towards him and pushed her to her knees, and she began to lick and suck his cock as well. Nobody was laughing anymore; both men were in heaven, and both women were too busy to laugh with a big cock in their mouths. They began to move in unison with each other, stroking and sucking in time as they watched each other out of the corners of their eyes. They knew they were getting close when both Bob and Frank began gasping and panting and whimpering for them to finish them off. Ann winked at Karen and began tickling Frank's asshole. He groaned loudly and his hips began bucking as he filled her mouth and throat with his come. Karen did the same to Bob and began swallowing as well.

Afterwards, both men laid their partners down on the carpet and lay down between their legs, licking and sucking their pussies while their wives cried out as they came. Afterwards, another round of beers was consumed, then the ladies were placed in position on their backs and Bob fucked Karen and Frank fucked Ann. The two men tried to last as long as possible, knowing that this would probably be their last fuck of the night. Both privately acknowledged that while they were both healthy and in good shape, and still quite active sexually, neither of them was 19 anymore, and that two good comes in a session was about the most that they could hope for.

Afterwards, both men were surprised when Ann reached over and snuggled up against Karen. Karen wrapped an arm around her guest, not expecting anything more than a warm kiss, but Ann went quite a bit further. She moved her hands up to cup and fondle Karen's heavy tits, then lowered her lips to lick and kiss Karen's nipples. As Frank and Bob stared, and Karen whimpered in delight, Ann moved her head lower, to begin slurping at her husband's come leaking out of Karen's pussy. Karen shrieked in joy as Ann's tongue licked her clit.

Ann sat up, grinning, as Karen stared at her, dazed. Reaching between her own thighs, she wet a finger with her own pussy juice and Frank's come, then extended it to Karen. Karen licked at the finger tentatively, and Ann repeated the process. Finally, Ann reclined and drew Karen towards her, and pushed Karen down between her legs. Karen ate Ann out until Ann came, then reclined as her husband and Bob applauded.

Ann explained how she and Bob had once gone to a swap party where one of the couples was a pair of bi girls. She ended up with one of the girls, and had gone along with the idea. Bob had never known, but lying there with Karen, she had been just so turned on, she repeated things.

It was late and everyone had been drinking, so the Romans stayed night in a spare bedroom. Frank and Karen retired to their room and fell immediately asleep. They were woken the next morning, late, by moans coming from the hallway. Grinning, they got out of bed, still naked from the night before, and went across the hallway. There, in their daughter's old room, Ann was taking a long and slow ride on her naked husband's cock. Karen took Frank by the hand and they slipped inside to watch. Ann greeted both of them with a kiss, never missing a stroke as she rode Bob, and invited them to join in. Frank positioned Karen on her hands and knees, and slipped into her slick cunt from behind. They had a great fuck, then the Sheridans served breakfast and the Romans went home.

Karen and Ann stayed in touch with each other during the next week, to discuss the evening and plan a second. Both were ecstatic and very enthusiastic about how things had worked out; both agreed that their sex lives had gotten an incredible boost. Frank and Bob were fucking them more frequently than they had in years, usually twice a day, and they had stopped wearing underwear around the house. The most amazing occurrence was when Ann was talking to Karen on the phone one afternoon, and her husband walked in on her in the bedroom. Understanding the conversation, he had laughed and undressed, then pulled his wife's pants off her. While Ann described the action to Karen on the other end of the phone, Bob ate his wife's shaved pussy. Karen immediately stripped her clothing off and called out for Frank to join her. He found her naked and playing with herself, so he joined in, fucking his wife spoon fashion as he listened in on Bob fucking Ann. They decided to get together again on Saturday night at the Roman's.
Chapter 4
Home - Top   Feedback to author


Home « rlfj's Page « The Game the Whole Family Can Play Index « Previous - Settings
Chapter 4
Posted: December 18, 2008 - 01:01:13 pm

Karen Sheridan looked up from the floor where she was sitting, leaning against Bob Roman, with his arm around her shoulders, to stare at the people who had just barged in. Everybody was so surprised at the interruption that they kept doing what they were doing. In the case of Bob and Karen, she was fisting his cock while he played with her tits. Ann, meanwhile, was reclining on the couch, her head in Frank's lap and his cock in his mouth, and she was sucking him back to life. Both couples had already had a good fuck, and Karen and Ann had gotten into a 69 afterwards; now they were preparing for Round 3.

Terry and Wills stared at the debauchery before them, unblinking and uncomprehending. Karen was the first to move, crawling to her feet and pulling Bob erect beside her. They walked across the living room unconcerned with their nudity, and stopped before the younger couple. "I guess this is a bit of a surprise.", said Karen.

"Momma?!", asked Terry weakly. She stared at her mother, then looked at her father-in-law. He was smiling and sporting a monumental erection. She glanced over at the other couple still on the couch. Her mother-in-law had pulled away from her father, to display his stiff and naked cock as well. She stared at the group, her eyes flitting from cock to cock, and her pussy began to get wet. "Momma?!"

Bob smiled at his son and shrugged pleasantly. He too was noticing his daughter's and son-in-law's condition. They both looked like they had just fucked their brains out. His son was staring wildly around the room, taking in the beautiful older women, their heaving tits, pleasantly fleshy asses, nice legs, and their faces glistening with sweat and sex. If Wills was turned on by Terry's body, he knew his son would be turned on by the similar builds of Ann and Karen. "Care to come in and join us?", he asked, in the same tone of voice as if he was asking, "Would you care to come in and watch the ball game?"

At the question, both Terry and her husband snapped out of the trance they were in. They stared wildly at their parents, and Wills croaked out, "What?"

Karen answered, "Well, isn't it obvious what is going on, Wills? We're having a little gang bang. Would you like to get undressed and join us?"

They stared at Karen, then turned to Bob as he chimed in. "Come on, it's the game the whole family can play." The room erupted in laughter at this, and Bob continued. "Listen, it's no big deal, but your mother and I like to get together with Frank and Karen and fool around. By the looks of the two of you, you've been out fooling around yourself, eh?" Bob and Terry silently acknowledged this by nodding dumbly, and Bob continued, "Well, come on in if you want."

By now, both Ann and Frank had climbed off the couch and come forward. Neither Terry nor Bob made a complaint as many hands gently separated and pulled them forward. Wills found himself being pulled along by Karen and his mother, and he glanced over his shoulder to see his father and Terry's pulling Terry over to the couch. They had her between them, then his attention turned back to the two older women. His cock was as stiff as a board as he felt them running their hands over his body. Karen stopped and groped his crotch, remarking that she really wanted to see if he was as big as Terry said. Ann began to remove his blazer and pulled his shirt out of his pants.

"What!? You mean ... Terry said ... you talked..."

Ann leaned in and kissed her son on the lips lightly. "Shhh. All women talk about their men. Terry says you have a very nice and big cock, and that you are a very good fuck." She stepped away slightly and continued to undress her son.

Karen had opened her son-in-law's pants and had fished out his painfully erect cock. She stroked it and said, "Ummm, she was right! This is simply gorgeous! I sure do hope you can fuck like she said." Wills stared at the two women, groaning as they rubbed his cock. "She is my daughter, and I think I need to perform a quality control check."

"Me too.", replied Ann. She smiled and the pair of them knelt in front of her son. They removed his shoes, socks, and pants, the last vestiges of clothing he had on. Then they began to alternate licking and sucking his cock. Wills moaned as the two women gave him deep throat. He glanced across the room towards his wife.

He was amazed. It had been but a moment's work for his father to reach behind his daughter-in-law's back and undo the halter top holding the little white dress on. As it puddled around Terry's feet, a wave of lust had swept through her, and she had instinctively reached down to grasp the stiffly erect cocks beside her. When Wills looked across the room, both men were kissing and fondling his wife fiercely. His father was bent over, his lips on one huge breast and a hand groping her drenched pussy; Terry's father was French kissing his daughter as his hands roamed her backside and cupped her other breast. Terry was shaking as she came, moaning and groaning as she writhed in ecstasy.

Wills moaned himself, as his mother and Karen worked over his cock insistently. He turned his eyes back towards his feet, to see the two women sucking at his cock even as their fingers roamed each others massive tits. Seeing the two women playing bisexually was too much for him; his come began spurting uncontrollably into his mother's mouth. He groaned loud enough to attract attention from across the room, and the two men grinned wickedly as his wife watched him facefuck Ann.

Terry orgasmed throughout this incredible scene, her body shaking beneath the experienced fingers of her father and father-in-law. She had overheard Ann mentioning how all women talked about their men, and remembered the occasion it had occurred. It had been years ago, when she and Wills had been practically newlyweds. The triplets were barely a year old, and her parents were visiting from Long Island, and Frank and Ann had brought the whole bunch over to their place for a barbecue. The wine coolers had been flowing, especially with so many hands to help with the babies, and Ann, Karen, and Terry had drank way too much, in the process describing their husbands' anatomy and lovemaking techniques thoroughly. Now she realized that, just as she had been, Ann and Karen had been truthful as well, and that their husband's cocks were just as magnificent as Wills'!

Bob Roman took matters to the next level by pulling his daughter-in-law to the couch and sitting down on it. He made himself comfortable, then pulled Terry back onto his lap. She quietly acquiesced as he positioned her, setting her onto his upright cock, impaling her cunt on him. She orgasmed again, and when her eyes opened, she found a cock staring her in the face. She looked up to see her father looking down at her, smiling, and saying, "Oh, baby, you're so beautiful." Moving as if possessed, she leaned forward and opened her lips, taking her father's cock between them, as she began bouncing on Bob's cock. She was orgasming so madly she barely noticed her father coming in her mouth. She swallowed and sucked every drop, savoring the delicious flavor, even as Bob groaned and filled her pussy from beneath.

Bob twisted out from under Terry and Frank sank down onto the couch to sandwich his daughter between them. Terry alternated kissing the two older men deeply, as they came down off their orgasmic high. She began to idly play with their limp dicks s they watched Ann and Karen fuck Wills.

The two older women had sucked Wills back to life quickly, and decided that they both needed some relief. Wills had laughed as his mother ordered him into position, laying flat on his back on the carpet, and then had straddled his face. Next he felt something wet, tight, and warm, slip into position on his cock. Karen had straddled his waist and was fucking his cock. He groaned in bliss and began licking his mother's shaved cunt as his mother-in-law began bouncing on the cock in her heated pussy. He loved eating his wife's shaved pussy; he had no way of knowing that Terry had only started shaving hers after that drunken conversation when Ann had described how Bob loved it that way!

Terry stared in amazement from across the room as her mother fucked her husband while he ate out his mother. Even more amazing was how Ann and Karen leaned towards each other and began kissing and caressing, running their fingers across each other's nipples and tits. They were fucking each other as much as they were fucking Wills! The effect was evident on the men at her side, as well. By the time the threesome opposite them had come, sweat pouring from their bodies, both Frank and Bob were stiff again.

"Come on, let's show them something.", commented Bob.

Terry enthusiastically nodded agreement, and followed after Bob, with Frank in tow. Bob sank down to the carpet and pulled a throw pillow under his head, then positioned his daughter-in-law straddling him. She sank down eagerly onto his cock, and he held her legs in position, then pulled her face down to his chest. Reaching down, he grabbed the cheeks of her ass, and said, "Hey, Frank, let's make a sandwich!"

Frank looked down to see his daughter's asshole winking at him, her pussy on her father-in-law's cock, and damn near came at the sight. For many years he had considered Karen to be the most beautiful woman in the world, but that had stopped one day when his daughter was in her teens. She had come into the living room wearing a new string bikini, and he realized that she was even more beautiful and sexy than his wife. Her legs were a touch nicer, her ass was a shade rounder, her waist was a hair narrower, even her tits were a bit bigger. By then he knew that his daughter was "sexually active" and no longer his little girl, and like all men, both cursed and envied the young men who were screwing his baby. Now he looked down at the vision fucking his friend and salivated at the prospect of screwing her.

"You sure about this, honey?", he asked.

Terry nodded as she stared raptly at her father's stiff cock. "Yes, Daddy, fuck me in the ass. I love to get fucked in the ass!" She shuddered as she ground her pussy down on Bob.

"There's some KY in the end table.", commented Bob Roman.

Frank looked at his host oddly, even as he moved to get the lubricant. "You keep KY in the living room?"

Bob laughed as he fucked upwards into his daughter-in-law. "I do on orgy nights!"

Frank chuckled as well as he took the small tube of ointment and moved into position. He used a generous amount on his cock and rubbed even more into Terry's asshole, an act which caused his daughter to moan in anticipation. Then, as Bob stopped and held Terry tightly, spreading her asscheeks wide, Frank stuck his cockhead into his baby's ass and slid forward. Terry moaned as she orgasmed, and began humping back at both men.

Across the room, Wills, his mother, and his mother-in-law reclined against a chair and watched the two older men fuck Wills' wife. Terry began crying out almost immediately, shrieking and screaming in orgasm. "Jesus, she really gets into it!", remarked Karen. Terry was enjoying herself even more than when she had been fucking Bob and sucking her father, but then her mouth had muffled her moans and groans.

Wills nodded in amused agreement, and Ann said, "No shit. Were you ever at our place down on the Island?"

"No, why?"

"Well, this was years ago, but the place was real original Levittown, a real crackerbox. Well, anyway, the walls were like tissue, and these two came down and visited us back before the kids were born. So one night, they decide to go at it, and she was screaming like to wake the dead! I thought the neighbors were going to call the cops!", said Ann.

"Oh, Christ!", remarked Wills as Karen laughed. "Sorry about that, Mom."

"It was okay, baby. It woke your father up and got him all horny, so he gave me another fuck. It was worth it."

By the time that Terry collapsed onto Bob's chest, her hips churning as the two men filled her pussy and ass with their jism, Karen and Ann had gotten Wills stiff. Ann announced to the others that she wanted her son to fuck her, hard and fast, so he had her kneel with her face to Karen's pussy. While his mother ate her guest out, he stepped behind her and slipped his cock inside. Ann gasped as she felt his cock, thicker than her husband's and longer than Frank's, slip inside. She moaned her pleasure into the cunt she was eating, as Karen ran her hands through the thick auburn hair and watched Wills in action. With every thrust into Ann, Ann's face was pushed into Karen's blonde twat.

To Wills' surprise, Ann pulled away and looked back over her shoulder at her son. "Baby, fuck me in the ass!? Please?!", she begged.

Wills pushed his mother's face back to Karen's cunt, then pulled out. His cock was so sloppy with cunt juice that the KY wasn't necessary. Grabbing his cock, he aimed it at Ann's asshole and slipped it inside. He waited a moment for her rectum to expand and accommodate him, then he pushed forward, smoothly and quickly. "So tight!", he gasped, unloading his come inside her butt. "Can't last..."

That was almost the last fuck of the evening. Everybody was quite worn out, tired but exhilarated, and the group broke up to wash and clean up. It was almost half an hour before everybody, now partially dressed, reassembled in the family room. Terry and Wills had a blizzard of questions for their parents, and the group talked for almost an hour. Finally, Wills remarked that he never had been able to screw his wife properly that night, and she begged him to fuck her in front of their families. She stripped off her dress and pulled down his pants, and climbed on top, to fuck one last time for the evening. It was well past midnight when the party broke up and everyone went home.
Chapter 5
Home - Top   Feedback to author


Home « rlfj's Page « The Game the Whole Family Can Play Index « Previous - Settings
Chapter 5
Posted: December 22, 2008 - 10:40:22 pm

Cody Roman glanced across the bedroom at the door and noticed a familiar shadow. Smirking, she crossed to her sister Cassidy's bed and sat down on it. Through the blare of the stereo, Cassidy could barely hear her sister say, "He's at it again." Cody flicked a finger towards the door, and Cassidy understood immediately.

When Wills and Terry Roman had decided to have children, nobody could have guessed that triplets were in the offing. Multiple births did not run in either family. Terry had astounded everybody, both by the size to which she had ballooned and by the fact that she was expecting not just one or even two little Romans, but three! Right up until the last minute nobody had any idea even what the sex of the kids would be; there was too much going on inside her for the ultrasound to tell anything more than there were three children and they were all healthy.

The births had been quite routine. The doctor had wanted to do a Caesarian but had been dissuaded by Terry, though with certain misgivings. They had become so standard for multiple births that he had almost forgotten how to handle them the old fashioned way. The first child was a girl, followed almost another half hour later by a second daughter. The pain had been excruciating, but the entire delivery room perked up when Terry saw Wills' face at the sight of his second daughter. He had wanted a son desperately, and as his face fell she told him loudly that, "You better hope the next one's a boy, you son of a bitch, because you are never touching me again!" The third time proved the charm, and William Tyler Roman, Jr. followed Cody Jessica Roman and Cassidy Taylor Roman into the world. Everybody agreed that Cody and Cassidy were the spitting image of their mother; they also agreed that Billy was the spitting image of the mailman!

Strong likenesses ran in the family. Wills looked just like his father, though with a few of the harsh planes and angles softened. Terry looked almost identical to Karen, and the two girls took after them closely. Cody and Cassidy were similar enough that on first glance people thought they were identical twins, not fraternal, which was a theoretical possibility, but as they grew it was obvious they were not identical. There was always something, the line of the jaw, the arch of the eyebrow, the shape of an ear, that made an imperceptible note that the girls were subtly different. While they could swap photos indiscriminately, anyone talking to the girls for more than a few minutes could immediately tell them apart.

Billy was simply different. Of average height and average build, he resembled neither grandfather nor father, and his facial structure was unlike any of the women either. Like his grandmother Ann, he had red hair, but where hers was a subtle auburn, his was a flaming orange, with a healthy dose of freckles thrown in. Even his eyes were different, being neither the brown which ran in the Roman family nor the blue which ran in the Sheridans. His were a greenish hazel.

Cody and Cassidy contemplated their brother outside their bedroom door. It had become a regular occurrence that after they got home from school, before their parents came home from work, Billy would spy on the two girls. He couldn't stop himself, they were simply too beautiful and sexy for him to stop. His sisters simply looked so damn good, with their perfect butts and big tits and long legs and long blonde hair. Just like every other guy in school, he wanted to see them undressed.

Worst of all, he knew that several of the other guys at school had already seen them naked! His sisters had been "sexually active" for a couple of years, almost since the day their mother had put them on the Pill. She had told them that it was for protection and emergencies, and was not to be considered a license to go out and screw around, but they had immediately realized that it was just such a license, much as Terry had when she had gone on the Pill at the same age. Billy knew some of the guys who had screwed his sisters and was intensely jealous of them. It was patently unfair that they were screwing and he wasn't! Billy Roman was still a virgin and considered that this state would probably last another sixty to seventy years. He was intensely horny.

Kneeling outside the girls' room, Billy peeped through the lock on the door and couldn't believe his luck. Cody had stripped off her jeans and blouse and bra, and was now dressed in a pair of skimpy pink panties and a cropped tank top. Cassidy was actually topless, and was just laying on her bed in full view. His virgin cock throbbed painfully in his pants and as he reached down to adjust himself, his lust overcame his better judgement. Unzipping his pants, he pushed his pants and shorts down and grabbed his cock, blissfully unaware that his sisters knew precisely what he was doing.

When the triplets had been born, Wills and Terry had been living in a one bedroom apartment in Vestal. When Terry became pregnant, they knew that they would have to eventually move, but with three children on the way, it became imperative. A new house was out of the question for the young couple, but an older Victorian became available in Kirkwood, and they jumped at the chance. Frank helped with the needed repairs to the small house, and made it a mixture of elements; new kitchen, old style porch, new bathrooms, old bedrooms. In the case of the bedroom doors, they retained the original turn-of-the-century doorknobs and locks, with keyholes for massive skeleton keys and a glaring gap between the bottom of the door and the hardwood floor. Cody stared as she saw the shadow at the bottom of the door move, then grow. When she saw blue denim and white briefs under the door, she knew immediately what was happening.

"The little pervert is out there jerking off!", she exclaimed to Cassidy. Cassidy's eyes widened and she turned to look, but Cody stopped her. "Don't look!"

"What?! You want him to watch?", she said in an amazed tone.

"Fuck no! I want to catch him.", she replied.

Cassidy laughed at this, her tits shaking. Billy salivated at the sight, and felt himself getting closer to coming. A small bead of precome formed on the tip of his cock.

"What do you want to do?", asked Cassidy.

"Listen, you keep his attention. I'll fake going to the bathroom and sneak around the side of the room, then open the door. I'll yank the door open and we drag him in!", she replied. She got off the bed and moved towards the attached bathroom, then stood in the doorway out of sight of the main door. Her giggling could not be heard over the sound of the stereo as she motioned for Cassidy to get to work.

'Distract him? I'll show her distraction.', thought her sister. Laying back on the bed so that her tits were fully exposed, the buxom blonde unzipped her jeans. Reaching inside, she began to stroke her pussy through her panties, while she licked and nibbled at her oversized breasts.

Outside in the hallway, Billy stared in awed fascination. This was better than he could have ever imagined! His sister was jerking off just like he was! Completely forgetting about Cody, he stared at Cassidy as he pumped his cock ever closer to orgasm. Suddenly, as he watched Cassidy writhe on the bed, he came, his cock spraying come onto the door.

"You little pervert!", shrieked Cody as she yanked the door open. Before Billy could stop her, she had grabbed him by the collar and pulled him forward. He sprawled into the room, one hand still wrapped around his throbbing cock, and fell flat on his face. He tried to scramble away, but both girls had gone onto the attack, grabbing him and holding him down on the floor. They rolled him over onto his back and stared down at him. His cock was still jerking as his come shot out into the air.

Billy was so embarrassed he was on the verge of tears. As soon as the girls told on him, he was a dead man! If his father didn't kill him, his mother would, and for sure the two girls would announce it all over school. His cock began to shrivel.

Cody and Cassidy stared greedily at their brother's dick. While neither girl considered themselves easy, neither did they consider themselves hard, either. They both tended towards fairly long-term and stable relationships, but they both would fuck their partners at the drop of a hat, even on a first date. Neither girl had ever seen or fucked a cock as big as the one their brother sported. It looked huge!

"That's it?!", demanded Cody incredulously. "You call that thing a prick? That's the smallest dick I've ever seen!"

Cassidy snickered at the lie, and went along with it. "Jesus, Billy, maybe we ought to call you Little Billy!"

"Yeah, Little Billy. You know, Dad is going to be awfully disappointed since there won't be a Billy the Third. That thing is too small to fuck a girl with!"

Tears welling in his eyes, Billy scrambled out of the room and ran off to his bedroom, pulling his pants up as he ran. Behind him, his sisters laughed and cleaned up the come he had spurted.

Billy's efforts at avoiding his sisters over the next several days were obvious to the entire household. Whenever possible, the girls would glance at his crotch when they knew he saw them, then laugh or snicker. They kept the secret to themselves, enjoying the dread they were putting him through. Both of their parents noticed that something was going on, but didn't have a clue as to what.

It came to a head the following Monday. Wills had driven up to Syracuse to fly to San Francisco for a corporate training session and would be gone the entire week. After dinner, as Cody and Cassidy left the house to attend an all night party at a friend's, they yelled out, "Bye, Squirt.", and left laughing. Terry watched as her son turned beet red and whirled away, then ran up to his room.

She followed him up the stairs, curious, and reached the top landing in time to hear his door slam shut. She went down the hall and knocked on the door. "Billy?" There was no answer. "Billy, what's wrong?"

"Nothing. Go away.", he answered.

"Billy, let me in, hun. What's wrong?" There was no response, so Terry tried the door knob. It turned and she opened it gingerly and stuck her head inside. "Billy, can I come in? Let's talk, honey." She stepped inside and closed the door behind her.

Billy was laying on his bed, facing away from the door, trying to hide his tears from his mother. He didn't resist when his mother sat on the bed behind him and pulled him towards her. "Can't I have any privacy?", he demanded.

"Billy, what's wrong? What did the girls do?", she asked.

"Nothing!", he replied, a little too vehemently.

It took another twenty minutes for Terry to worm the truth out of her son. He told her the entire story, red-faced and embarrassed, but Terry did not laugh or yell at him. Cody and Cassidy had done enough of that already. She knew her daughters were horny little sluts; she had enough experience with come stains in her own panties to have easily recognized them in her daughters' when she did the wash. She had been a slut herself at that age, maybe even more so, but she was going to have to chew them out over this.

"Honey, could I see, please?", she asked Billy.

"Huh?", he said, confused.

"Please, Billy, take your pants off and let me look at your penis. I don't think you're too small, but I need to know whether the girls are just being mean. I mean, if you are small, maybe it's a medical problem.", she answered.

It took another fifteen minutes of cajoling for Terry to convince her son to lower his pants and push his briefs down to his knees. He turned his face away as he did so, mortally embarrassed at what he knew was a very small cock. His face reddened as he heard his mother snicker, and he reached down to grab his pants. "Mom?!", he cried in anguish.

Terry grabbed Billy and prevented him from pulling up his pants. She was laughing at the joke her daughters had pulled on their brother. Billy's cock was even larger than his father's magnificent cock, as long as his grandfather Bob's and as thick as his grandfather Frank's. She laid a hand on it soothingly and began stroking him. "It's fine, Billy, it's fine. I'm not laughing at you. You have a large and lovely penis."

Billy Roman's mind was a whirlwind of emotions. He loved the way it felt as his mother pumped his cock. It rapidly thickened and lengthened, overfilling her hand. "Really?", he asked.

"Yes, Billy, really. It's actually one of the largest I have ever seen." Billy's erection twitched in Terry's hand, and a small bead of precome formed on the tip. "It's a beautiful cock." She continued stroking and pumping his huge erection.

Billy could not believe what was happening. His mother was giving him a handjob and telling him he had a nice, big cock. In some ways he thought his mom was even better looking than his two gorgeous sisters, or maybe it was simply her maturity. An orgasm ripped through him and his come began spurting out of his cock. Mortified, he watched as it landed heavily down the front of his mother's sweater.

Terry laughed. "I guess everything is fine after all, Billy. There is absolutely nothing wrong with your cock. It's big and beautiful and as soon as a few girls find out about it, you are going to have women running down the streets throwing their panties at you." She gave him a playful tug and grinned down at him. To her surprise, his softness disappeared almost immediately and his cock stiffened again.

"Oh, Mom, thank you. Thank you. Sorry about the sweater.", said her son. His hips began bucking upwards softly, fucking his cock through his mother's hand.

Terry smiled. "That's okay, honey. It's not the first time I've had come on me. Your daddy likes this, too."

"Really? Like what?"

Terry looked at her son and thought about what to do next. She had never intended to give Billy a handjob but wasn't overly sorry she had. He had been very nervous and self-conscious from the teasing his sisters had given him, and had been in desperate need of a boost in his self-confidence. The question was, should she let him go any further, which Billy definitely wanted. A few weeks ago she would have scoffed at the very notion, but Wills' and her session with their parents had changed her outlook.

"Billy, would you like to learn about women?", she asked, taking her hand away from her son's groin.

"Huh? What do you mean, Mom?", he asked with confusion.

"Well, it's just you and me here tonight; the girls and your father are all away. If you want, I can teach you about the stuff you learned in Health class, the real lessons, I mean. Would you like that?"

Billy gave his mother a manic grin and nodded fiercely. "Yeah! Sure!"

"Okay, but we have to be careful." Billy watched as his mother pulled her sweater over her head. Underneath it she was wearing a well packed lacy white bra. She reached behind her back and undid the clasp. "You have to keep this quiet, since we could get into a whole lot of trouble. You can't tell your friends or the girls or anybody. Understand?" She peeled off the bra and tossed it aside, and Billy stared, his mouth suddenly bone dry. His mom's tits looked to be even bigger than Cody's or Cassidy's. "Understand?", she repeated.

Billy tore his eyes away from his mother's breasts and looked up at her, nodding slowly. His eyes moved back down as she climbed off his bed and stood at the side. Unzipping her jeans, she pushed them and her panties down off her legs in a single fluid motion and stood there to let him gape. He had never seen a naked women before, not one completely naked, not one who was in the same room as him, and not one who wanted to have sex with him. His cock throbbed and ached as it pointed at the ceiling.

Terry broke the spell by moving to the foot of the bed and pulling his pants and briefs off, then sitting next to him on the bed and helping her son take off his shirt. She climbed onto the bed and lay down next to him, then took his hands in hers. She pulled them up to her chest and placed the palms of his hands on her large and stiff nipples. "Touch me, Billy.", she asked.

She took her son through several stages in his appreciation for the female body, first the "Not that hard!" stage to the "They aren't going to break!" stage, finally arriving at the "Oh, yes, just like that!" stage. After allowing her son to nurse at her breasts until she came, she moved away from him. "That was very nice, honey. You come by it honestly."

"Huh?"

"I breast fed you three kids and you were always a real pig. It took me the longest time to wean you!" She grinned as she twisted around on the bed and put her face at her son's crotch. "Tell me if you like this, and what you want me to do." To Billy's amazement, his mother opened her mouth and lowered her face, and began sucking the end of his cock.

Billy failed to provide any instructions, being overwhelmed by the new sensations flooding his body, but Terry was able to sense perfectly how she was doing by the sound of her son's moans. Within a few minutes his body began jerking in spasms as he filled her mouth with his sweet and salty come. She swallowed it completely, then pulled away and sat up. "Very tasty, hun. Next time, let the lady know when you are about to come. Not all women like the taste, or they might want to go deep, or slow down. Okay?"

"Sorry, mom.", he said contritely.

"It's okay, baby. I like to swallow come. I like to give your daddy blowjobs, and your come tastes just as good as his does.", she replied with a smile.

It was the first time Billy had thought of his father, and his eyes opened wide. "Jesus, Dad!", he swore quietly. "He's going to kill me!"

Terry smiled and gave Billy's dick a wiggle. "You let me worry about your father. There is no way that I am going to be able to teach you how to be a world class fuck in one night, so we'll simply have to be discrete when we do this again."

"You mean we get to do this all over?!", he asked, not believing his ears. This was like a wet dream come true! "Oh, wow!"

"Practice, practice, practice, Billy." Terry lay back on the bed and spread her legs wide, displaying her shaved pussy. Billy stared at her and almost missed her next words. "Now, if a girl eats a guy, shouldn't the guy eat the girl?"
Chapter 6
Home - Top   Feedback to author


Home « rlfj's Page « The Game the Whole Family Can Play Index « Previous - Settings
Chapter 6
Posted: December 31, 2008 - 03:28:54 pm

Terry Roman greeted her husband with a quick kiss as he came in the door Friday night. It was almost seven, and he had been gone since Monday morning. He tried to pull her closer, to rub against her lewdly, but she twisted out of his grasp and laughed. "How was the trip?", she asked.

"Eh, same old, same old. Where's the kids?"

"Billy's off on a camping trip, and the girls are spending the night over at Michelle's.", she replied.

Wills smiled at having the evening alone with his wife. He hadn't been laid since Sunday, and he was feeling very horny. He moved back towards her and she pushed him away. "Go upstairs and take a shower and change. We can have dinner and then see what happens later.", she said obliquely.

Wills shrugged and picked his bags up off the floor and took them up the stairs. His wife's behavior was somewhat mystifying to him, but became a bit clearer once he stepped from the shower. Laid out on their bed was his outfit for the evening, a pair of royal blue silk boxers and a matching long robe. She had bought them for him once and she liked him to wear them for her. He put them on and went back downstairs.

As soon as her husband went up the stairs, Terry crept up after him. Once she heard the shower start, she pulled the boxers and robe out from under the bed where she had been hiding them, and laid them out. Scampering back downstairs, she opened the foyer closet. Inside was her own outfit for the evening. She tossed aside the heavy velour robe she had been wearing and put it on.

She smiled at the realization that her husband had wanted to fuck her immediately if not sooner. Unlike Wills, Terry had been getting a steady diet of good sex all week long. Billy had screwed his mother all night long Monday, showing recuperative abilities she had marveled at. What he lacked in experience, he made up for with enthusiasm and exuberance. Neither got much sleep that night as she taught him a wide variety of positions and techniques. By the next morning, when she finished him off with a blowjob, Billy had become an acceptable, if still inexperienced, lover.

Tuesday had been rather surprising. She had received a phone call from Ann asking her to come over after work. Wills had left something and she needed to get it. She called the house and left word on the answering machine that she would be late, then went over. When she got there, she let herself in, and Ann greeted her in the living room. She led her daughter-in-law upstairs and down the hall to her bedroom. Inside, Bob, her husband, lounged naked on the bed, snoring lightly. Terry laughed and began getting undressed. Ann nudged Bob awake then undressed as well. She explained to Terry that Wills had told his mother to make sure that his wife was taken care of, so that she wouldn't end up hanging around singles bars and street corners. Both Ann and Bob gave Terry a thorough fucking, and when she went home a few hours later, she was completely sated.

Wednesday had been a similar exercise, though with her own parents. Karen called her that afternoon and bluntly told her that Ann had called and explained things, and that she would have Frank warmed up and ready by the time she got there. Terry arrived at her parent's house and went right in. She found them in their bedroom, Frank blissfully receiving a slow and low-key blowjob. Terry stripped and climbed onto the bed, to straddle her father and sink down onto his cock. Afterwards, while he watched and rejuvenated, she and Karen got into some 69, and got each other off, then Frank fucked her again, this time while she licked Karen's pussy.

Even on Thursday, an evening when she and the kids stayed home, she managed to get laid. When she got home, it was simply her and Billy, who had promptly asked his mother if they could fuck again. She had warned him that they would have to be fast, and stop as soon as they heard the girls come in, then had taken his hand and pulled him into her bedroom. They had stripped off their clothing and she had knelt on her bed, allowing her son to fuck her doggy style. That had been so good, that she had sucked him back to life, then repositioned herself for a second go around, just like before. She promised him that whenever they were alone, if he wanted, they could screw.

Now, she prepared for her husband to come downstairs. Dressed, she went back into the kitchen and worked on dinner. She turned the burner down to a slow simmer as she heard the steps creak and grabbed up a pair of wineglasses and a bottle of champagne from the refrigerator, then went into the living room to greet him properly.

"Very nice!", exclaimed Wills as he surveyed his wife. She was wearing a rather exotic outfit that would be sure to give some of their neighbors instant heart attacks. It consisted of the top of a very naughty baby doll set, black and transparent with open underwired cups that lifted her naked breasts up and put them on display. It had originally come with a pair of crotchless panties, but Terry wasn't wearing them, or any other panties for that matter. She was wearing a pair of very long and very sheer black thigh top stockings, along with a pair of very sexy ankle strapped black 'fuck me' stiletto heels. Her hair had been brushed out and she had touched her makeup up since he had gone upstairs. "Outstanding!"

She pirouetted around, then said, "I just wanted to wish my husband a happy birthday! How old are you, honey?", she teased.

"Twenty-nine and holding.", he said with a smile. It was actually his fortieth.

"Well, that would mean I had the kids when I was pre-pubescent!", she replied. "Sit down.", directed Terry, handing him the wineglasses. She twisted out the cork, which gave a pleasing POP, then poured the champagne. Wills sat down in the center of the couch, expecting Terry to join him, but he was surprised when she knelt at his feet instead. She sipped her wine, then said, "I think it's time for an appetizer."

Terry untied the sash holding the blue silk robe closed and pulled it open. Wills' cock was making a tent in the sexy boxer shorts, and his wife fished it through the opening easily. As he sipped his wine, his wife gave him an excellent blowjob, sucking his cockhead as she jacked his cockshaft, and within minutes he found himself filling her mouth with his come. Surprisingly, she did not swallow, but allowed the jism to remain in her mouth, even as she pumped him dry. Finally, as he began to soften, she leaned back on her ankles and picked up her own wineglass. He stared at her hungrily as she drooled his come into her champagne and then drained the mixture with a smile. Standing, she covered his nudity slightly with the robe, then went into the kitchen.

"Out in a moment, honey!", she called. She prepared a plate for him, then picked up a knife and a fork and went back to the living room. Wills gave her a confused look as she set the plate and silverware on the coffee table. "I already ate.", she explained. "Tonight is your night." He smiled and lay back against the cushions and watched as Terry cut up his food. Dinner was to be one of his favorites, medallions of veal in a wine and mushroom sauce, broccoli in Hollandaise, and a heavily buttered crescent roll. He was surprised when she stopped and opened his robe again. His cock was still laying limply out the opening of his boxers, but she ignored it. "You won't need a napkin; I'll lick up any crumbs!", she explained.

Wills was in heaven as his barely dressed wife served him dinner. She would hold the plate in her left hand while spearing morsels with the fork held in her right and feeding them to him. She managed to get crumbs on his chest a number of times, each of which required her to set down the plate and tongue his torso until he was clean again. By the time she left for the kitchen with the empty plate, his cock was gloriously erect again, though she continued to ignore it.

Terry returned with a smaller plate holding a chilled eclair. To feed him this treat, she sat on his lap, rubbing up against his stiff cock, and fed it to him by hand. This was definitely messier, since she also managed to get some of the cream filling on her nipples, and she had to lick this off thoroughly as well, along with her fingers. By this time they were done with the first bottle of wine, and she took the last dish to the kitchen and washed up briefly, then returned with another bottle of champagne. She poured another glass for each of them, then announced, "I never had dessert, and I see just what I want to swallow." Kneeling before her husband, she took his cock back into her mouth and sucked him dry a second time.

Afterwards, Terry crawled onto her husband's lap and cuddled as they sipped more champagne. She frequently spilled a drop or two onto his chest and had to lick it up, 'accidents' that he repeated on her massive tits. "This is quite the birthday.", he commented.

"Well, I figured that you'd probably be pretty horny when you got home, so I got rid of the kids.", she answered.

"And were you horny?", he asked innocently.

"Darling, with you around, I'm always horny!", she replied, batting her eyes.

Wills had to give that one some thought, since it could be taken one of two ways; either he made her horny or he failed to satisfy her. He decided to put it in a positive light. "So, did you see the folks at all?", he asked.

"Why, yes I did. I saw yours on Tuesday and mine on Wednesday. We exchanged recipes."

"Recipes, what kind?"

Terry grabbed her husband's cock and began stroking it. "Cock fucking and sucking recipes. In fact, one of the recipes required that I give myself an enema this afternoon." She twisted around on the couch and straddled his thighs. However, instead of climbing on top and fucking him, she began stroking him and giving Wills a handjob. He began licking and sucking at her exposed nipples, and she began fingerfucking herself to orgasm. Finally, after coming, she positioned herself so that her asshole was above his cock, and lowered herself onto him. They assfucked facing each other, Terry shrieking in orgasm, until Wills spewed his jism into her butt.

Cody and Cassidy stared at the detritus of an all night sex marathon in their own living room and gaped in astonishment. They had left their friend Michelle's early, when her mother had announced that Michelle had an early morning dentist appointment. Michelle and her mother had dropped them off on the way, and the two girls had let themselves in quietly through the back door. Inside, they were surprised to find empty dishes and an empty champagne bottle; in the living room they found another pair of bottles and a pair of wineglasses. They also found their parents asleep on the floor, their mother dressed only in stockings and heels, their father stark naked. Both were covered with love marks and dried pussy juice and come, and the room reeked of sex. "Somebody had fun!", commented Cody to her sister.

This was enough for Terry to wake. Opening an eye, she saw her daughters standing in the doorway, staring at them, and she smiled. She raised a finger to her lips in a 'Silence!' gesture and stood up. She moved quietly into the dining room with the girls. As the three stared, Wills gave a sleeping snort and shifted position on the floor. Now lying flat on his back, his cock filled and engorged, and morning wood showed magnificently.

"Yes, we had fun.", commented Terry in a whisper. "You two are back way too early."

"Then go to bed the next time.", replied Cassidy. Like her sister, neither girl could take their eyes off their father's glorious erection. It seemed far larger than their boyfriend's cocks. "This place looks like orgy night at the Playboy Mansion!"

"God, look at that!", exclaimed Cody, staring at her father's crotch. His cock throbbed as he slept.

"Interested?", asked Terry lightly.

"What?", they stammered."

Terry smiled. She had been wondering how she would ever tell her husband how she had deflowered their son. She wasn't too terribly worried about what he would say, not after they had both screwed their parents, but this seemed a perfect opportunity. If she could get him and the girls together, then it would be child's play to bring Billy in on things. "I asked if the two of you liked what you saw?"

Both girls nodded silently, staring at the monstrous member.

"Have any of your boyfriends had a cock as nice as that?", she asked.

Cody was scandalized, but Cassidy shook her head. "No." Cody agreed.

"Well, I have to tell you, it feels great! If you want to join us, you can."

"You mean you and Daddy ... us ... sex...", asked a dumbfounded Cody.

Cassidy was of a more curious nature. She had often heard her mother's moans when her father fucked her, despite the soundproofing, and the sight of his cock had her pussy juice flowing like an open tap. She pulled her top off and them shimmied out of her jeans. Cody came out of her reverie as she realized that Cassidy was going to fuck their father, and she suddenly realized that she wanted to also. She stripped off her own shorts and T-shirt even as Terry helped Cassidy off with her bra. Cassidy was naked first and crept into the living room. She knelt down next to Wills, then threw a leg over his waist and sat down on him, thrusting his cock well into her tight little cunt. She sank down onto her father, orgasming as his eyes opened.

Wills awoke as a woman began fucking him, but when he opened his eyes, it wasn't his wife, but it was one of his daughters. Looking around frantically, he found his wife helping his second daughter to undress. The two of them came over and Terry spoke up while Cassidy bounced atop his cock. Cody knelt next to him and began playing with her pussy. "I guess we should have gone to bed before opening that third bottle.", said Terry.

"I guess. What is..."

Terry smiled and put a finger to his lips. "Shh, don't complain. It's all right. I think this is okay, honey. I'll bet that you're a better fuck than their boyfriends, and I know that you like blondes with big tits and tight pussies. Does Cassidy have a tight pussy?"

"Oh, God yes!", gasped her husband as his hips churned involuntarily, fucking up into his daughter. Cassidy moaned as she orgasmed non-stop.

"I love you, Wills, and I love my daughters, and I want you to fuck them just as good as you fuck me." With this, Terry reached behind Cassidy and down below her bouncing ass, to cup her husband's balls. As she knew he would, Wills groaned and spewed a ration of come into Cassidy's greasy pussy. She sank down onto his chest and moaned, then moved off and allowed a flood of come to flow from her pussy.

"Now, girls,", explained their mother. "Before your father can fuck Cody, you'll have to get him up again. I am sure that the two of you know about sucking cock, so why don't you suck your daddy back to life, then Cody can get on top. Okay?"

The two girls nodded and lowered their faces to begin licking his limp cock. Terry stripped off her shoes and stockings, to lay on the floor with them naked, and began kissing her husband and allowing him to caress and fondle her tits and pussy. When the girls announced success at reviving their father, she desperately wanted to fuck him herself, but she allowed Cody to climb into her place. She moved towards Cassidy and laid her down on the carpet on her side.

Cassidy looked confused, especially when her mother twisted around into a 69 position. Terry put her face between Cassidy's legs and began licking her husband's come from her daughter's thighs. Cassidy gasped as she came again. Terry lifted a leg, inviting Cassidy closer, and Cassidy stared at her mother's shaved cunt, coated with come from the previous night. Tempted beyond measure, she moved her face closer, smelling the raw sex, then delicately extended her tongue and flicked it across Terry's aroused clit. Terry cried out in orgasm, then buried her face in Cassidy's pussy, and Cassidy did the same. They ate each other until Cody drained her father's balls into her own pussy, and the foursome collapsed in exhaustion.
Chapter 7
Home - Top   Feedback to author


Home « rlfj's Page « The Game the Whole Family Can Play Index « Previous - Settings
Chapter 7
Posted: January 09, 2009 - 04:50:08 pm

After a simple breakfast of cereal and juice, everybody went to their rooms to wash and clean up. Unsurprisingly, naps were part of the program. Wills managed to beat his wife into the shower and wash up, and when she got out, she found her husband in bed, snoring lightly, naked under the sheets. She dried herself thoroughly and crawled in with him, but before Terry could rouse him, she fell asleep as well.

They awoke pressed together spoon fashion in the early afternoon, and Terry hugged her husband's arms around her and snuggled back against him. She soon felt his cock rear up and press firmly against her ass, but she decided that rather than fuck, they should talk. Rolling over to face Wills, she explained what had happened with their son, and as she suspected, Wills did not mind. If anything, his wife's description of fucking Billy turned him on immensely. Rolling Terry onto her stomach, he crawled on top of her and pushed her legs apart. Bucking his hips forward, he stuffed his cockhead into his wife's greasy tight cunt, and whispered fiercely, "Tell me more!"

Terry moaned and began to push back at the cock pummeling her pussy. She told how she had come, how Billy had fucked her over and over, how the come had been running down her legs, how she had sucked him dry and still he came back for more. Wills groaned as his cock throbbed, and he unloaded his come into Terry's twat. Sated, he rolled off his wife and hugged her to his chest.

Dinner the next evening was as informal as it had been formal the previous night; Terry ordered out for pizza. That afternoon, after a second shower, she gathered the girls in their bedroom, to talk about what had happened.

"Mom, does this mean that it's okay for us to screw Daddy?", asked Cody. "Isn't that incest?"

Terry nodded agreement. "Yes it is. Do you know why incest is usually considered a bad thing? Did you talk about that in your health classes?"

Cassidy answered, "Sure, inbreeding and stuff like that."

"Precisely. But you girls are on the Pill, and so am I, so we can't get pregnant."

"Mom, why would it matter about you?", asked Cassidy. "I know you don't want to get pregnant, but if you and Daddy had another baby, it wouldn't be inbreeding, right?"

"No, but who else in the family might it be inbreeding with?", she replied.

The two girls looked at each other in confusion, then Cody whirled to face her mother and stared. "No, not..."

Cassidy caught on and finished the question. " ... Billy!?"

Terry nodded and laughed easily. "That would be inbreeding, wouldn't it."

"You would fuck Billy?", asked Cody.

"Why not, you fucked your father, right?"

"Would you, or have you?", quizzed her other daughter.

"I have, and it was great! We fucked all night long on Monday, after you two took off." She explained to the girls how she had needed to rescue Billy's ego after they had squashed it. "Listen up, you two, it was funny, maybe, but don't pull that again. You really hurt his feelings!"

Cody and Cassidy promised not to, even as they both swore that they would never fuck their brother; neither one of them was that hard up, or ever would be! Terry simply smiled.

All three women wore similar outfits to dinner, short skirts and tank tops. None of them wore any underwear, and after dinner they cuddled up around Wills and teased and flashed him to distraction. Cody and Cassidy eagerly accepted the invitation to sleep with their parents that night, and despite the king size bed, it was very crowded.

Terry solved the problem of getting Billy into the swing of things on Sunday evening, after he had returned from his camping trip. That night, when everybody was getting ready for bed, she wrapped a robe around her naked form and started off down the hall. Stopping first at the girls' room, she knocked on their door, then stepped inside. "Care to join your father tonight?", she asked.

"Yeah, sure, but what about Billy?", asked Cassidy.

"Yeah, won't he know something's up?", asked her sister.

"Probably, but he won't mind.", answered their mother smugly. "I'm going to sleep in his room tonight." With that she marched down the hall, and the girls stared as she knocked on their brother's door. They couldn't hear what was said after the door opened up, but they could see everything. Still standing in the hallway, Terry stripped off her robe, then marched inside naked and closed the door behind her. They gaped at each other, then grabbed their own robes and scurried down the hall to meet their father.

Much as Terry had told Wills, the two girls would never be able to keep from finding out about their brother. He had laughed at her but agreed as well. They continued the nightly swap sessions until Wednesday. When Terry came home from work that day, they house was strangely silent. When she crept up the stairs, she heard loud moans coming from Billy's room. Peering around the corner, she discovered all three of her children in a tangle of arms and legs, screwing their brains out on the bed. She watched briefly, enjoying the scene, then crept back downstairs and left the teens alone.

That night she slept in her own bed, with her own husband, and made plans for the future.

It was a Friday night, the last one before Labor Day, the very beginning of the long weekend, the last big holiday before the fall started and school began again. The Romans were celebrating in a most carnal fashion, by closing all the draperies and locking all the doors, and then spreading comforters and pillows all over the living room carpet.

Earlier in the afternoon, after Terry came home, she had introduced her daughters to a new form of personal hygiene, the enema. "Let me show you something, you two.", she said, pulling them into the master bath and taking a kit out from under the sink. "I want you guys to help me and see what it's like."

Cody was the first to read the label on the box, and her face screwed up in horror. "Gross!"

Cassidy agreed, with a loud, "That's disgusting!"

Terry simply laughed and opened the box. "Listen, guys, this isn't for you, it's for me! I like to be squeaky clean when I get a cock up the ass, and your dad appreciates it as well. Besides, you need to know about this sort of shit, since if you two ever have kids of your own, you will probably end up doing this sometime yourself."

"What, you mean ... you ... us...", stumbled from Cassidy. When her mother laughed and nodded, she yelled, "Gross!", and shivered, much to Terry's delight.

Terry showed the girls what was involved, though neither wanted anything to do with it, and refused her offer to help them. Then, after dinner, Wills put a porno tape in the VCR and the five sank to the floor of the living room, to begin groping and caressing each other, stripping off clothing in preparation for the evening. Nobody ever really kept track of just who was doing what to whom, but it seemed as if one of the girls was always sucking either a cock or a cunt, and somebody was always fucking.

The girls were amazed when Terry announced that she was as clean as a whistle up her ass, and that she wanted both men to put a load or two of come up there. Billy had looked at his mother in some confusion, never really having heard of anal sex, but Wills' eyes had lit up, and he had promptly taken advantage of the offer. He ran off to the bedroom and returned with a tube of AstroGlide, which he showed the others how to apply, then while Terry knelt on the floor, her hips supported by several pillows, he knelt behind his wife and gingerly stuffed his cock into her rectum. The teens stared in amazement as his cock slid into the greasy little brown hole, stretching it unbelievably, but what really surprised them was how much their mom enjoyed it! She was moaning and crying in orgasm from the instant her husband's cockhead entered her ass, and she was screaming with the pleasure by the time Wills came and pulled out.

Much to the girls' disgust, Billy pulled his cock away from them and lubed up, to take his father's recent position. Wills made sure that his son started slowly, but within a couple of strokes, Terry was humping her ass backwards at Billy, driving him in hard and fast. Terry's asshole was incredibly tight and juicy, in some ways even better than his sister's pussies, and it didn't take long for Billy to launch his own load to join his father's in his mother's ass. Later that evening, the two men made a Terry sandwich, with Terry straddling Wills, riding his cock, while her son fucked her ass from behind and above.

While neither girl joined in, they at least started to think about it.

About nine in the evening, during the first major break for drinks and snacks, Terry asked the others, "What do you think about staying the weekend up at Gran and Gramps in Whitney Point? Grandmom and Grandpop will be there, too."

"Why?", asked Billy. "It's only twenty minutes away? Why stay the night? We can go up for the day, then come home and do something else." The 'something else' he demonstrated by pinching gently Cody's and Cassidy's nipples. The two girls moaned pleasantly and nodded in agreement.

"Well, I suppose we could do that.", agreed their mother. "Then again, what makes you guys think that your grandparents might not be interested in 'something else' as well?"

The triplets stared at their grinning parents as understanding dawned on their faces. "You must be shitting me!", said Billy lowly. "Holy fuck!", he whispered to himself.

"There's no need to be profane, Billy.", chided his mother as she idly stroked Wills back to life.

Billy ignored the admonition, even as he considered the possibilities. His grandmothers?!?! It took him a few minutes to get a grip on the idea, but the more he considered it, the more he liked it. Leaving aside the age difference, both women were healthy, good looking, busty as hell, and very attractive. By now he had enough experience to be able to envision them without their clothing on, and previous glimpses of the two around the Roman's swimming pool told him that they were probably in excellent shape. Beside him, his sisters contemplated their grandfathers as well. He looked over at his parents and nodded agreement.

"Yeah, maybe for a night."

The two girls made a tentative agreement as well, and Terry stood up and went to the kitchen. She returned to the living room with a portable telephone and sat down. Dialing her parent's number, she ended up talking to her mother. "Hi, mom ... about tomorrow ... you and daddy should bring an overnight bag with you ... that's right, we'll make an evening of it ... me? I'm going to wear a short skirt and a blouse and some high heeled sandals ... yeah, you should, too, Ann, too ... nope, no undies ... the kids are coming, too ... that's what I said ... yes, that's what I mean ... okay, you call Ann and tell her, okay? Bye mom, see you tomorrow." She set the phone aside and the party resumed.

The next morning proved quite amusing to Terry. Billy seemed to take the entire idea in perfect stride; tossing a second set of clothing in a gym bag, he announced he was ready to go. When she had originally broached the idea to her husband, she had been worried that Billy wouldn't want to fuck the two older women, both 60 years old. "Give me a break!", replied Wills. "He's a teenaged boy. He'd fuck Godzilla if it had a pussy!" Terry shrugged and accepted his crude but accurate statement.

It was the two girls who dithered around until after lunch, trying on different clothing and packing a suitcase apiece. When their father tried to intervene and force them to decide, they protested, so he yelled for Terry to sort things out and went back downstairs.

Terry took one look at her daughters and laughed. "Listen girls, it's just a night up at your grandparents. You used to do this all the time over at my folks' place!"

"But Mom...", started Cody. It obviously was different!

"But Mom nothing!" Terry dumped the two suitcases out on Cassidy's bed, then laid the smaller of the two open. She rooted around through the clothing briefly, and tossed their toilet kits and makeup bags into the suitcase. "One swimsuit.", she ordered, and the girls both pulled a bikini out of the pile and tossed it in. "One top, one bottom." The girls threw a top and pair of shorts into the bag. Terry closed the suitcase to their surprise and looked them over. "Get undressed. Take off your undies. A top and a skirt." Both girls complied, then slipped into sandals and went down to join the men.

The entrance to the Roman household was vastly anticlimactic. It started to rain as they drove up I-81 north of Binghamton, and developed into a good old-fashioned summer thunderstorm by the time they got to the house in Whitney Point. They left the baggage in the car as they scampered onto the front porch, but before anybody could knock, Frank Sheridan opened the door and greeted them. The girls had half been expecting their grandfather to be standing there stark raving naked, with an erection in one hand and a bottle of salad oil in the other.

Instead, he looked appallingly normal, dressed in a pair of long and brightly colored swim jams and an outrageous Hawaiian shirt. Beach flip-flops were on his feet, and he had a bottle of beer in his hand. He threw the door open and bent down to kiss his daughter. "Hi sweetie, come on in." He held the door open and let the others in.

"Where's everyone else?", asked his son-in-law.

Frank hooked a thumb over his shoulder. "Upstairs changing. They were all out back swimming when the storm hit, so they're all drying off and dressing. Come on in. You know where the beer and soda are."

A few minutes later Bob Roman joined them, dressed in khakis and a denim shirt, barefoot. "The girls are showering.", he said, grabbing a beer of his own. Ann and Karen came down shortly thereafter. They, too, looked much like they would have on any normal Saturday afternoon, and Cody and Cassidy calmed down completely. Their grandparents asked the triplets all the normal questions, about things like the coming school year and their sports teams and friends, just as they normally did.

Billy, for his part, was eyeing his two grandmothers closely. They were dressed casually but nicely, and looked sexy as hell to the teen. Grandmom Ann was dressed in what her daughter-in-law had suggested, a mid-thigh length denim skirt which buttoned up the front, a short-sleeved blouse which was tied under her breasts, and high heeled sandals. Gran Karen was dressed almost identically, except that her skirt was calf length, but unbuttoned even higher than Ann's. By the way their tits were jiggling, it was apparent that neither woman wore a bra, and they flashed their bare pussies at their grandson relentlessly. He grinned and adjusted his stiff cock inside his pants and waited for somebody to start things up.

Ironically, it was their parents who got things started. Whether intentionally or not, Terry had worn a halter-topped sundress with a worn strap around the neck. Suddenly, midway through the afternoon, the strap had snapped, dropping her top unexpectedly and spilling her massive tits into the open. "Oops!", she exclaimed, grabbing the material and covering herself, then stood up. She ordered Wills out into the storm to get her bag, then left to go upstairs to her mother's sewing room, set up in what was a spare bedroom.

When Wills came back inside, he was soaked, and the only people left were his son and the two grandmothers. "Where'd everybody go?"

Ann answered, "Your wife went up to the sewing room, and the rest went out onto the back porch to watch the storm."

Wills went up the stairs and into the spare bedroom, to find his wife naked, rummaging through a sewing kit for the right color thread. He began taking off his sopping wet clothing, and Terry stopped what she was doing to watch. She was grinning by the time her husband was undressed, and set her clothing aside to take care of a much more interesting matter. She reached across and began stroking his engorged cock, and Wills stretched out on the bed next to his wife. "What was going on downstairs?", she asked as she crawled alongside him and positioned herself so that he could begin fingering her pussy.

"I think things have started.", said Wills quietly. "They've split up; my mom and yours have Billy in the living room, and our fathers have the girls out on the back porch." He lowered his lips to his wife's tits and begin licking her nipples.

Terry shuddered in ecstasy and gasped out, "Did it look like the kids were interested?" She continued to yank and stroke his cockshaft, and began to thumb the bead of precome that was forming all over his cockhead.

Her husband pulled away from sucking her tits and positioned her on her back, spreading her legs and climbing on top. Terry reached down between them to spread her cunt lips and insert his cock into her pussy, and Wills trapped her hands between them as he answered. "I'm not sure about the girls, but I don't think they were complaining about the attention your father or mine were paying them, and I told you Billy was going to be easy. He's been staring at our mom's tits and up their skirts since we got here."

Wills buried his face in his wife's neck, licking and nibbling at her neck, and Terry whimpered as she orgasmed, her fingers feverishly rubbing her clit and his cock as it sawed in and out of her. She shuddered as her husband's back arched as he came, then she wrapped her legs around him to trap him in place. She continued to fondle him as he softened, so that they could fuck another time.

Once the two older women were left alone with their grandson, they became considerably bolder in their advances to the young man. As Billy grinned and watched, both Karen and Ann blatantly unbuttoned their skirts to the waist and then spread their legs wide. Billy scooted forward on the floor, studying the two pussies at a shorter range, and smiled as they both loosened their blouses. "Like the view, Billy?", asked Ann, innocently.

"Yeah, it looks fine from here." He had to adjust his stiff cock and pull it from a pant leg, and Karen knelt down on the floor next to him.

"Would you like me to help you with that, Billy?", she asked, running a hand along one leg. Reaching his crotch, she grasped his cock firmly through the material of his pants and began rubbing it.

"Would you, Gran?", he asked excitedly.

"Sure, honey."

At this, Ann came forward from where she was displaying herself and knelt by her grandson as well. As Karen began to unbutton and unzip Billy's pants, she removed her own clothing, though she left on the high-heeled sandals. Once she was naked, she took Billy's hands and placed them on her large and soft breasts. "I like that Billy.", she moaned as he began rubbing and pinching her oversized nipples. She began undoing his shirt, pulling away from his fingers long enough to strip him bare, then moved closer to let him continue fondling her.

Karen began a slow and gentle handjob of the teen as Ann undressed him and herself. Then, wanting to take things a step further, she lowered her face and opened her mouth. Billy's cock slipped between her lips, and he moaned in contentment as his grandmother began to gently suck his cockhead. She undid the remaining buttons on her clothing and stripped it off, leaving her only in high-heeled sandals as well. By then, Billy had twisted around enough to be able to lick Ann's smoothly shaved pussy, and she was moaning loudly by the time Karen coaxed Billy's first come of the day from his cock. She drained him as he made Ann come, then he lay flat on his back as the two women snuggled against him on either side.

Both Ann and Karen were pleasantly surprised by the speed with which the teenager rejuvenated. Both women were positively cooing as they stroked the young man back to life, and Ann announced that she needed a good fuck. Billy grinned and tucked a throw pillow under his head, then helped her position herself astraddle his waist. Ann impaled herself on his cock, then smiled. "Sit on his face!", she ordered Karen, and Billy found himself staring up as the other woman lifted a leg and twisted around. Gran Karen tasted somewhat different than his mom and sisters; not bad, but different. He heroically tried to slurp down her freely flowing pussy juice, licking her clit vigorously, as Grandmom Ann rode him through several orgasms until he groaned and spewed a load of jism upwards into her cunt.

Bob and Frank escorted the two teenaged girls out through the kitchen to the back door and onto the enclosed back porch. A damp breeze blew through the large space, split into halves by the locations of the back door and the screen door into the yard. Frank went to the left, followed by Cody, but Bob turned right, taking Cassidy along with him. Neither one wanted to be too blatant with the kids. If the girls weren't interested, that was okay with them. It seemed obvious to everybody that Billy was VERY interested in screwing his grandmothers.

The storm was really starting to get underway, with lightning and thunder crashing down into the valley and across the ridges opposite the back yard. Frank settled down into a sturdy wicker armchair and patted his knee, inviting his granddaughter to sit on his lap. He was mystified by her reaction. "Is that safe, Gramps?", she asked, a look of concern on her face.

"I think so, honey." He tugged and pushed at the arms of the chair. "I don't think the chair is going to collapse."

Cody came closer. "Not the chair, Gramps, you. Is it safe? I thought we couldn't sit on your lap anymore?"

"What?!"

"Your legs!"

Frank stared at the girl briefly. "Honey, what in the world are you talking about?"

Cody said, "Mom told Cassidy and me that we couldn't sit on your lap like we used to because your legs were getting bad." She looked as confused as he did.

"When did she say that!?", he asked in exasperation.

"Oh, awhile ago, like several years."

Frank knitted his eyebrows as he pondered what the teen was saying, then he grinned and patted his legs. "I understand. Listen, there is nothing wrong with my legs. Your grandmother sits on my lap all the time. Come here. Sit." He held out a hand and helped Cody onto his lap, sitting sideways. She tried to sit gingerly, but he wrapped his arms around her waist and positioned her comfortably, causing her short denim skirt to pull up alarmingly.

"See, nothing wrong with my lap. When I became a granddad, I was issued this special all-purpose lap. It's specially designed to hold grandkids." Cody giggled at this and snuggled against her grandfather's broad chest. "I'm guessing you were told this about three years ago, maybe a bit more?"

She looked up at him and said, "Yeah, I think so. Why?"

Frank gave her a rueful smile. "Listen, do you remember how you and your sister always used to climb up on my lap and squirm all around trying to get comfortable? And how you would bounce around on my lap?" Cody nodded in remembrance. "Well, it was just after the two of you started to grow up, young ladies and not little girls any more. You were developing and fast, too, and you'd be all wiggly and jiggly and all. The two of you used to get me going something fierce, and finally I popped my cork."

It took Cody a second to understand, and her eyes widened. "Gramps, you mean, you ... you came in your pants while Cassidy and I were on your lap!"

Frank shrugged in embarrassment and nodded his head. "You two were just too pretty and too sexy for an old guy like me. I mentioned it to your grandmother and she must have said something to your mom, because you girls stopped sitting on my lap after that." Frank grinned slyly at his granddaughter. "Like I said, your grandmother sits on my lap all the time, and usually ends up bouncing on my lap, and it hasn't broken yet."

"Would you like me and Cassidy to sit on your lap again, Gramps?", she asked seductively. She was awestruck at how her grandfather was turned on even then by her and her sister. She wriggled her butt, an action that also caused her tits to jiggle under her tank top.

Frank stared down at his granddaughter. Cody's tits, almost as big as her mother's, were practically spilling out of the undersized top, and her skirt had bunched up at the top of her thighs, to the point where a hint of golden hair was just barely visible. His voice was thick as he answered, "Every man wants to have a beautiful young woman on his lap."

Cody wriggled some more, feeling her grandfather's cock pressed stiffly against her. Reaching down, she traced him through the thin material of his swim trunks. "You like having me on your lap?"

Frank's answer was a simple one. Pulling his daughter closer, he lowered his face to hers and kissed her, full and hard on the lips, and Cody responded in kind, her tongue darting out to probe her grandfather's mouth. She began fumbling with the buttons on his shirt, even as he pulled the straps of her top aside and pushed it down around her waist. By the time she had pushed his trunks lower, so that she could grasp and fondle his cock, he had her skirt around her waist as well, and they both got into some very heavy petting. Cody gasped and panted as Frank took her through orgasm after orgasm, barely able to do more than stroke his cockhead lightly, then it was time. As Frank lifted her by the waist and turned her to face him, Cody straddled his lap and moved forward. Reaching between them, she spread her pussy lips wide and lowered herself onto him. They fucked slowly and languorously, enjoying each stroke to the fullest, before Frank blasted his come up into his granddaughter's cunt.

Cassidy stood close to the window screen surrounding the porch, her grandfather close to her back, his hands resting lightly on her bare shoulders. She wore nothing more than a wrap-around denim skirt and a thin peasant blouse that buttoned up the front but which had an open neckline that bared her shoulders. Gusts of wind blew rain in through the screen, wetting her and gluing the blouse to her breasts. She had a ghostly smile as the violence of the storm raged, feeling warmly protected by Bob Roman as she leaned back against him.

Bob looked down at his granddaughter, seeing her breasts outlined and highlighted by the thin wet cotton. His cock stirred and expanded, pressing against Cassidy's rear, and he remembered a similar moment years past. "God, but you remind me so much of your grandmother, back when..."

The teen looked back over her shoulder with love and lust in her eyes, and asked quietly, "When, grandpop?"

"The first time I took her.", he said huskily. Stepping away from the screen, he pulled the girl back and turned her to face him. "The first time I had her, and took her, and used her, and made her mine!", he said hoarsely.

Cassidy gasped at the power of the emotion he showed, and whispered, "How?"

Her grandfather remembered back to the day almost four decades ago and smiled wickedly. "It was a day a lot like today, the summer, the afternoon, a thundering downpour. It was after we were engaged, but before we got married, a few weeks before. I was taking her home, and we got caught out in the storm. It was just the two of us, and your grandmom forgot her key, so we had to go in through the cellar entrance, and we were absolutely soaked. Well, she had been saying 'No' all along, we were going to wait for the wedding, but I saw her standing there in that outfit and I couldn't wait." Bob moved closer to Cassidy, who instinctively stepped backwards.

When Cassidy was against the wall she could go no further, yet her grandfather came closer, towering over her. He touched her arms and shoulders softly, sending shivers of excitement through the teen. "She looked like you, with her blouse plastered to her and her hair combed straight back, and she looked so damn good." Bob was pressed against Cassidy on the back wall of the house, out of sight of anyone else.

Cassidy shivered at his touch. "What did you do?", she asked in a breathy whisper.

"I began touching her, like this.", he whispered back, and began running his fingers lightly across her arms and shoulders, and around to her back, and across her front. Especially her front, teasing and caressing Cassidy's large breasts, extra sensitive from the cool rain and aching for his touch.

Cassidy whimpered, her eyes closing. "And then?", she gasped quietly.

"Well, she was a good girl, so she told me to stop..."

"Stop, please...", whispered Cassidy, falling into the act easily. She had never been so excited and aroused in her life.

"I couldn't stop. I had to have her. I took her arms and pushed them behind her and held them there with one hand." As he told the teen this, he repeated the motions, and Cassidy found herself held helpless, backed against the house, her tits thrust out against the wet fabric by her position. Bob took his free hand and became much more adventurous with it, pinching and fondling her tits freely, and Cassidy whimpered with her need. "I didn't stop. I started kissing her, and rubbing her, and playing with her, and I unbuttoned her blouse."

With these words Bob leaned down and began kissing his granddaughter, and Cassidy responded passionately. His free hand was all over her aroused tits, pinching her nipples. She barely noticed that he had managed to unbutton both his shirt and hers, then he pulled back slightly. She choked back a cry of frustration.

"Then I took my shirt off with one hand. I had to swap arms holding her in place to do it, then did the same with her. She was struggling a bit, but I could tell she wanted me to continue."

"What was she doing?", asked Cassidy.

"She was moaning and rubbing herself all over me, even while she was begging me to stop."

Cassidy moaned slightly and pushed her body against the older man. "No more, no more, please!", she whispered.

"Then I reached down and undid her skirt and pushed that out of the way, along with her panties, and she was naked." Bob undid the side tie on the denim skirt and it fluttered to the floor at their feet. Now Cassidy was completely naked, and was writhing with desire against him.

"No, stop, we can't", she whimpered, even as she thrust her bare pussy against him.

Bob responded as he had forty years prior. Shoving his spare hand between his lover's legs he cupped her pussy and began mauling it, even as his mouth lowered to her lips. Cassidy's screams of orgasm never made it any farther than Ann's had years before. She began shaking from the assault. Bob Roman took her through a long and extended come before he drew back slightly. "I undid my own pants and stepped out of them, and Ann began crying for me to fuck her, so I did."

Cassidy stared at the cock pointing straight at her with glazed eyes. "Fuck me, Bob, fuck me!", she begged.

Reaching between them, Bob flexed his knees and guided his cockhead into his granddaughter's cunt, spreading her pussy lips with his fingers, then straightened his knees. He drove inside the teen in a single massive thrust, and Cassidy screamed in orgasm as she came yet again. Bob released her hands and she wrapped them around him, as he began pounding into the girl. Within minutes she had come a second time and Bob began gasping and groaning as he filled her pussy with his jism.

"Oh my God!", gasped Cassidy, panting as she collapsed against her grandfather's heaving chest.

"Yeah, that's what your grandmother said, too.", he answered with a grin.

"You fucked grandmom for the first time standing up in the basement? You know, that's not exactly the classiest thing I've ever heard of!", Cassidy commented with a laugh.

"No, but it was damned effective.", he replied. "Jesus, but she got so turned on! You've got to remember, this was all in the days when you just didn't do this sort of thing. It's not like today! She got so turned on that she had me spread out some blankets down there, and we fucked the rest of the day, until her parents got home. She was insatiable! Hell, your dad was born eight months after the wedding!" Bob laughed at the revelation of the family secret.

Cassidy giggled. "Want to throw a blanket down?"

Bob laughed lightly and reached down to pick up his clothing. He took the teen by the hand and led her out of the corner and back towards the other end of the porch. They could see that both Cody and Frank were relaxing in a post-coital repose, their clothing askew. "Actually, Cassidy, I was thinking about telling Cody that story."

Cassidy laughed and pushed her grandfather into an armchair. Moving to her sister, she took her arms and pulled Cody upright. "Time to swap.", she said. She pushed Cody into Bob's laughing arms, then sat down on Frank's lap to snuggle and pet.

It was almost dinnertime and several people were more than a bit ravenous after the afternoon's antics. Cody, Cassidy, and their grandfathers picked up their clothing and headed in to the kitchen, where they met Wills and Terry coming down the back stairs. Wills had his pants on and his shirt on but unbuttoned, but his wife was still naked. Much like their children and fathers, they too had enjoyed a second tryst.

Wandering into the living room, they were all astounded to find Billy still screwing his grandmothers ragged! Both older women had a bedraggled look about them, with their hair tousled and their thighs and pussies liberally coated with pussy juice and come. Billy directed the two women into a 69 position, then knelt by Karen's head. Karen was squealing uncontrollably as Ann ate her pussy madly, but she was able to reach up and stick Billy's cock into Ann's gaping twat, then return to slurping on her hostess' clit. Ann began squealing, as Billy began pounding his cock into her cunt, and her pussy juice pistoned down onto Karen's tongue.

Karen saw her husband staring at her out of the corner of her eye, and twisted her head slightly. Gasping, she said to him, "Frank, I want a divorce. I'm marrying Billy!"

Ann looked up at this, eyes glazed, and said, "Like hell! I want to marry him!" She moaned as Billy slammed his cock into her, and she buried her head in Karen's pussy, and Karen lost interest in the others as well.

"This I got to watch!", announced Cody, and she and Cassidy sat down on the couch to watch Billy banging his grandmothers. Terry sat down with them, staring in rapt fascination, and the remaining men moved off to the kitchen shaking their heads in disbelief.

Once in the kitchen, Frank and Bob pulled their pants on, and the three grabbed another round of beers from the refrigerator. Wills washed up and began to make hamburgers for dinner. "I think we've created a monster!"

"Damnedest thing I've ever seen. Who'd have thought it of little Billy. He's like a robot!", said a stupefied Frank.

"The Bionic Dildo!", agreed Bob. "You ever seen Karen that turned on before?", he asked Frank.

"Not really. What about Ann?"

Bob shrugged. "Yeah, but it took a bunch of us. One time, back when we were into swinging, we went to a swing party on her birthday. Once there, I had her get undressed and then I handcuffed her hands behind her back and turned her loose. Everybody there, and I guess there were about a dozen or more people, fucked her at least once."

"Shit. We never got into swinging or swapping. The closest I can remember Karen getting like this, I tied her up to the bed one morning, and stuck a couple of vibrators in her pussy and asshole. I just left them on most of the day. I'd come in every once in a while and move them around, maybe fuck her some. Drove her nuts." Frank turned to his son-in-law. "What about you and Terry?", he asked.

"Hey, I've been watching him work his way through Terry and the girls for a couple of weeks now. This is the first chance I've had with my wife since she got him started." Wills smiled, then shrugged his shoulders. "There was that one time I pulled a stunt sort of like yours, though."

"Oh?"

"Yeah, I bought a couple of vibrators, one small, for her asshole, and another larger, for her pussy, that strapped on her. They had remote controls, and I had her get dressed in jeans and a halter top and heels. We went out to dinner, and every few minutes, I'd zap her with one or the other, or even both, of the vibrators. Drove her fucking nuts. I zapped her once while the waiter was taking a dessert order, and she damn near jumped out of her seat and fucked me in the restaurant!" Frank and Bob laughed.

"I'm just glad school's starting up again next week. Maybe he can find some pretty little schoolgirl and talk her into taking her panties off.", Wills continued. "For sure, until he does, neither Terry nor the girls are going to get any sleep!"

"So, what are the plans for the night?", asked Frank.

His son-in-law simply shrugged, but Bob answered, "More of the same, I suppose. Even Billy has to take a break now and then. I think. I hope." He glanced at Wills, who simply smiled and shrugged.

"Whatever. If nothing else, we turn Ann and Karen and the girls loose on him, and we kidnap Terry for the night."

"The three of us?", asked a grinning Frank.

"Yeah, she'll like that.", replied Wills. "We can wear her out, and the others can take care of Billy. If he's still stiff in the morning, we can simply hit him on the back of the head and knock him out." The other men laughed and nodded in agreement. "Now, how about a hand with these hamburgers..."
Your opinion is important:
Share with the others what you think about
"The Game the Whole Family Can Play"
     
Switch to Expanded voting form
The End
Posted: 2008-12-06
Last Modified: 2009-01-09 / 04:50:08 pm
Home - Top   Feedback to author
