Home « rlfj's Page « The Storm Index - Settings
Chapter 1
Posted: December 03, 2003 - 12:51:47 am

"God, John! Are we going to be able to make it?", whispered Anita Andrews to her husband. She scraped at the condensation on her passenger's side window and looked out into the storm.

Glancing in the rearview mirror at their two daughters sitting in the back seat, John Andrews quietly said, "I hope so. If this gets any worse, I'm going to have to find some place to stop for the night."

Anita simply nodded her head to him, but privately she was beginning to have doubts. Every winter since the girls had learned to walk, the Andrews family had loaded up the car and gone skiing. This year they were headed into the northern Adirondacks. Earlier in the day, as they were leaving home, they had been delighted to hear of the coming snow storm, with it's promise of great skiing conditions. Now she wasn't so sure. The nor'easter had moved in with a surprising speed and fury.

Now, as the station wagon slowly made it's way northward, the family began to hear of road closings coming patchily over the radio stations. They were already three hours behind in their schedule and the roads seemed to be getting worse. After the highway had been closed because of a jack-knifed tractor- trailer, they had decided to go north on a smaller side road. By now it was dark, and all Anita could see was masses of snow dropping on the windshield.

"Honey, maybe we should get back on the highway? We could probably find a motel or something."

"Yeah, Dad.", piped up a voice in the back seat. "This is getting pretty ridiculous."

John looked into the rear mirror again. Laurie was looking at him with fear in her eyes. Next to her, her identical twin sister, Cory, simply sat quietly, her knees drawn up to her chest, arms around her legs.

John Andrews simply nodded briefly. "Okay. As soon as we get off this road, we start looking for a place to bed down. Seat belts on?" A brief flurry of belt checks assured him everyone was buckled in securely. While Anita tried to tune in another station, John shrugged his shoulders, trying to work out the kinks. The driving was worse than he had let on. The heavily loaded car was handling like a bus, and the snow was turning to glare ice on the roadway. High beams were useless, and the low beams were not much better. Worse, he was beginning to think they had missed the turnoff back to the highway. If they stopped to turn around, he felt sure they would never get moving again. Better to brave it out and hope for the best!

With a sickening lurch in his stomach, John Andrews realized the best was not to be. As they came around a gentle curve, the road dipped and John had to tap the brakes. In an instant, he knew they were sliding. Yelling out, "Hang on!", he braced himself against the wheel as they skidded sideways off the far side of the road. The left rear fender crunched sickeningly into a snowbank, then the front end spun forward and straightened out. No matter what he did to the steering wheel, it was useless, the car had a mind of it's own. Plowing through the bank, the station wagon slid down a 45 degree embankment, slowing and then stopping with a thunk against a dead oak stump.

John sat there stunned for a moment, then shook himself alive. "Well! That was interesting! Everyone all right? Anita? Girls?" He twisted around to check out the women.

"What happened?", Laurie cried out.

"We crashed, dipstick!", answered her sister.

"Enough! You girls all right?", asked Anita. Both girls nodded they were all right. They were both crying quietly, more from reaction than from any real fear. It had been over too fast for them to do much other than bounce and sway in the back. Anita felt sore where her shoulder had bounced off the side door, but kept quiet. No use getting the girls any more worried, and it certainly wasn't broken. Turning back to her husband, she asked, "What now?"

John began to shrug into his parka. "Now I go out to see how bad this is." His efforts were hampered by the angle the car was at and by his seat belt. Turning off the engine, he braced his feet against the firewall, popped the buckle, and put it on. Zipping up, he put on his gloves. Grabbing the handle, he began pushing the door up and open. "Stay here!"

Scrambling out of the car, he had to push the door shut again. A metallic screech and thunk made him think the door was not going to be easy to open. He stepped back and looked at the vehicle.

'Oh, shit.', he thought, 'This is bad.' The car was wedged up on a downed tree trunk. He hadn't even noticed that the rear window had been smashed in by a tree limb during their descent. The skis loaded on the roof were now nothing but fiberglass and wood kindling. No skiing out of this mess. Looking back at the road, he shook his head and scrambled up the crash path. Once at the top, nothing greeted him but dark and gloomy snow. Carefully, he retraced his steps down to the car. Although he first tried to open the driver's door, it was stuck, and he resorted to the rear door on his side. Inside, Cory and Laurie began pushing upwards. Thankfully, this door opened. The other side doors were blocked by a tree.

"John... ?", started Anita.

"Okay, everyone. Get your parkas on. Open your suitcases and get out your snow pants. Put your boots and gloves on. We're walking from here."

Instantly, a confused babble of semi-hysterical cries rang out. "What!" "Can't we wait here?" "We'll get lost out there!" "Where do we go?"

After about the second or third set of questions, John simply held up his hands and yelled, "Enough! We've got to get going! Now get dressed. Come on, move it!" Grabbing a parka off the floor of the car, he thrust it at Cory. "Put it on!"

Galvanized, the women unbuckled and began to get dressed. Laurie turned around on the seat and began popping open the jumbled suitcases. The women stripped off their sneakers and slid on snowsuits and heavy boots. Grabbing their gloves and parkas, they scrambled out into the storm.

"Come on. Get dressed. You'll freeze out here!", he said. John was trying to keep the feeling of panic out of his voice. Instinctively he knew if he didn't keep his wits about him they were all in deep trouble.

In some ways the climb up to the road was the worst part of the trip out. He grabbed Laurie and pushed her forward, then took Cory's hand and pulled her after him. "You bring up the rear!", he told Anita, and then began leading the small troop up the slope. Five minutes later, after several stumbles and falls, the little group was standing on the slushy roadway.

"Which way?", asked Anita, looking up and down the road. Predictably, the twins each pointed in a different direction.

John laughed, the first time he had laughed in hours. "This way.", he said pointing back at the direction they had come from, where Cory was pointing. "I saw some lights at what looked like a house about a mile back. We head there and throw ourselves on the mercy of the court."

"Why not that away?", asked Laurie. "Maybe there's a place right around the bend?"

"And maybe there isn't.", said John. "We can't go up and down the road in this storm all night. We head back to the house."

"Come on, girls. Let's follow Dad.", said Anita, ending the argument. She led the way back up the road.

What followed was a trek the girls would tell their grandchildren about. As the wet and sticky snow swirled around them, they trudged almost four and a half miles through the dark. Initially animated, the girls slowly quieted. Their heads began to bow and their steps became shorter. John began to walk behind the trio, constantly urging the women on, faster and faster. They might not understand, but he certainly did, the dangers of exposure and hypothermia, and he wanted them warm as soon as possible. By the time they found the driveway, the four of them were soaked and freezing.

Trudging down the drive, they almost gave up hope at an iron gate, frozen shut, set in a low stone wall. Cory and Laurie began to silently whimper and cry, until John called out to them, "Over here, girls!" He was standing about twenty feet off to the side of the gate, where the stone wall ended. In a last burst of energy, they went around the wall and back to the driveway. Fifteen minutes later they were pounding on the front door.

The door opened smoothly but ponderously. A tall, bald, middle-aged man in a black suit stood in the doorway looking at them curiously. "Can I help you?", he asked, he asked in a heavy Boston accent.

"Let us in.", said John. "We've been in an accident and we're freezing." Without waiting for an acknowledgment, he pushed the girls and his wife past the man.

The guardian of the portal stepped aside. "Come in, come in." He looked past them out into the storm. "This is terrible. Are you all right?"

Cory answered first. "We're freezing!", she cried. All four of them stood in the foyer shivering.

"Good Lord! Get those coats off this instant!" He assisted Anita out of her drenched parka. Water pooled around their boots as the snow melted from the warmth of the house. Holding the parka in one hand, the man moved to the wall and touched an intercom button. "Doctor Jenson?"

A moment later, a thin metallic voice came from the speaker. "Yes, Reeves?"

"Doctor Jenson, we have some visitors. They've been stranded in this storm. I've brought them into the foyer."

"Very good, Reeves. Make them comfortable and we'll be down shortly.", said the tinny speaker.

"Thank you, sir." The speaker clicked off, and Reeves turned to the Andrews family. "The Jenson's will be down in a few minutes. Come now, let's get those coats and whatnot off. They're soaked!"

At that moment, Malcolm Jenson was sitting on a love seat in the master suite of the house. He was a slim and fit man in his early fifties, and was presently naked. He set a cordless phone-like device back down on the table to his side and looked down between his legs. "Don't stop, Jeanine, finish me off.", he said, and placed his hand on the back of her head.

Jeanine didn't reply, or it could be said her actions were reply enough. She leaned back down and took the firm and substantial erection back into her mouth and resumed the interrupted fellatio she had been performing. She was dressed only in long, black fishnet stockings and black high heels

"Mmm, very nice.", said Malcolm, turning back towards the woman at his side. Kneeling on the cushions next to him, she had nothing on but a pullover sweater, which was presently pulled up and over her large breasts. She held a large and long double ended dildo, which she was presently thrusting in and out of her shaved vagina in a vigorous fashion with both hands. Leaning over, Malcolm Jenson placed his lips over a distended nipple and began sucking and nibbling. A low moan escaped the woman's lips.

The blow job Jeanine had been providing had been near its final climax when the intercom chimed. It was only moments later that she began suctioning the tip of the erect cock while rapidly jacking on the shaft. A loud grunt escaped the lips around the nipple as Jenson's orgasm spewed into the kneeling girl's mouth. She swallowed it all, finishing by licking the subsiding organ clean.

"Excellent, my dear.", said Malcolm, as she looked up into his eyes. "Now I must be going." He stood and headed towards a large walk-in closet. "No, no, Caroline.", he said to the seated woman, as she moved to rise, the dildo still hanging in place like an obscene penis. "You can come down later if you wish. Perhaps you and Jeanine can enjoy yourselves if you want." The two women looked at each other and smiled. Malcolm moved into the closet to dress.

Malcolm pulled on wool blend slacks, a silk dress shirt, and silk socks. He slipped on a pair of Italian loafers and pulled a navy blazer off a hanger. As he pulled it on and headed towards the bedroom door he smiled at the sight of Caroline and Jeanine writhing together on the floor, the dildo connecting them both.
Chapter 2
Home - Top   Feedback to author


Home « rlfj's Page « The Storm Index « Previous - Settings
Chapter 2
Posted: December 04, 2003 - 11:33:54 pm

The Andrews family had stripped off their parkas, snowpants, and boots by the time Malcolm made his way down the circular stairs to the foyer. "Good Lord!", he exclaimed, staring at their wet and haggard faces. "I had no idea you were in such bad shape. Please come in here!" Taking Cory by the arm, he gently pushed the group into the parlor. "You're soaked! Get those sweaters off now.", he ordered. He waited a moment until John began pulling his sweatshirt off, then moved around behind the bar. Pulling four heavy snifters from an overhead rack, he turned and took a bottle of brandy off the mirrored shelf behind him. He poured four healthy shots into the rounded snifters and examined the group briefly. He liked what he saw.

The man, obviously husband and father to the women, was as tall as Malcolm was, and was well set up. He had a slim waist and thighs, but an impressive chest, and a full head of dark brown hair. He was clearly in charge of the group, scurrying around, encouraging his daughters out of their outer clothing. The two daughters, Malcolm was delighted to notice, were identical twins. It had been years since he had partaken of twins! Both were very slender and were of average height, perhaps five-six, six to seven inches shorter than their father. As they pulled their sweaters over their heads Malcolm couldn't help but notice their wet rugby shirts plastered over their larger than average breasts. As they shivered, he could make out hints of erect nipples poking through their brassieres and pullovers. Both girls had auburn hair which hung to the middle of their backs.

But it was Mom who truly impressed Malcolm. She was several inches shorter than her daughters, and standing there, teeth chattering, in an oversized cable-knit sweater she looked somewhat dumpy. But at her husband's insistence, she reached down, grabbed the hem of the overgarment, and pulled it up and over her head. 'Be still my heart!', thought Malcolm. Her well-worn jeans were soaked and appeared painted on to her nicely rounded derriere. Under the sweater she had on only a thin white tee-shirt, which as she pulled the sweater over her head, rode upwards, showing a considerable expanse of trim, flat stomach. Handing her sweater to her husband she pulled her shirt back into place and turned to face Malcolm. Large mammaries were quite evident beneath the thin wet fabric, restrained only by a deeply cut, lacy white bra. Her hair was cut short, curling in a perm to just above her shoulders, and was a considerably brighter shade of red than her daughters.

Malcolm's mind was made up. He knew he had to have this woman and her daughters. And Caroline was sure to enjoy the man. Reaching under the overhanging bartop, he pulled a small stoppered vial towards him. Making sure no one could see him, he removed the top. Taking an eye dropper and filling it from the first vial, he placed a single drop in each of the snifters.

"Drink up. Doctor's orders.", said Malcolm. The man downed his in a single gulp, his wife finished hers in two, but both girls sipped at theirs and began to cough. When one of the daughters moved to set her snifter back on the bar, he said, "No, no! Down the hatch. I think you need a good dose of medicinal brandy." The girl doubtfully picked her glass up and the pair began to slowly sip the heavy brown liquor. Malcolm continued to light-heartedly wheedle them as they choked down the burning fluid. "Definite prescription here... yes... that's right... I'm a professional... all of it..."

Just then Caroline Jenson strode into the room from the foyer. She was a tall woman, and slim, although heavily breasted, with dark brown hair. "Good heavens, Malcolm! We need to do more than just give them brandy. These children are freezing!", she exclaimed. "Come with me. We've got to warm you up immediately." Stepping between Cory and Laurie, she gracefully but rapidly moved them back to the foyer and towards the circular stairs.

"Caroline's right, of course.", said Malcolm. "Please come with us." Throughout this time the family had been silent, and he was beginning to worry about shock. Climbing the stairs and moving down the wide hallway, Malcolm continuously was turning back to make sure he was being followed.

Halfway down the hall, Caroline stopped and opened a door. Gently pushing the girls inwards, she led them through a large bedroom and on into the connecting bath. The twins simply stood there shivering as she turned on the shower, full force and hot, and only became animated after she pushed them towards the open door. They struggled to separate and looked around them wildly until the tall woman spoke up. "Both of you get under the water now! We have no way to treat you for pneumonia, and that is precisely what you will come down with if we don't warm you up! Now get in there this instant!"

John Andrews came out of his trance at this forceful demand. "Do it girls. Right now. Get in there and strip off those clothes." Turning to Caroline, he said, "Thank you. I should have thought of that."

"Not to worry. The same goes for you. Malcolm! Take the... I don't even know your names!"

"Oh, sorry.", said Anita. "We're the Andrews. That's Cory and Laurie, and this is John, and I'm Anita."

"Pleased to meet you." Caroline turned to her husband and said, "Malcolm, take Mr. and Mrs. Andrews across the hall and stuff them in the shower, too." Turning back to Anita and John, she said, "Please, they'll be all right. I'll find them something to wear, and then find something for you two. Now go, go." Malcolm led the pair from the room.

Once she was alone with the girls, she turned to look at them through the clear glass of the shower door. By now the two had stripped off their shirts and bras and were working on their khaki pants. She watched them briefly before they became aware of her, and then they modestly tried to cover the half nudity. 'Delectable!', thought Caroline. "Well, don't just stand there! Everything off. When you're ready to come out, just leave your clothes in the shower. Jeanine will take care of things. I'll hang some bathrobes in here, and then find you some clothes. I think mine should fit you, although they might be a bit large. Stay in there until you feel warm." She smiled warmly at the girls and left.

She met Malcolm in the hallway, coming out of the room opposite. "They should be all right.", he said. "I left two of Jerry's bathrobes in with them and said we'd find some clothes for them."

"Good.", said Caroline. "I was just about to do the same for the girls."

"John looks to be about my size. I'll put a few things in there for him and let him decide what to wear.", said Malcolm.

"Excellent, dear. The twins look like they should fit into some of my things." She laid her hand on her husband's forearm and grinned. "They look delicious, darling! You didn't, by chance, put something in that brandy, did you?"

"Caroline, how could you ask such a thing?", asked Malcolm, chuckling. "Just a half dose, a single drop each. And you are right, the woman and her daughters are exquisite."

"He's simply dreamy, too.", she replied.

"What about clothes for her, Anita, I think her name was? I'm not sure she'll fit into your underwear."

"Underwear just gets in the way, darling."

Malcolm smiled. "Now dear, remember, I only used a half dose. I'm sure that she'll want something under her clothes."

"Yes, but perhaps I can find something a bit too tight. She does look to be at least a cup size larger than me. Oh well, I can always hope."

The pair moved down the hall to their suite at the far end. In short order, Malcolm had pulled several pairs of slacks, shirts, underwear, socks, and blazers from his closet. "Hmm. I'm not sure about shoes. Well, if mine don't fit, we can try a pair of Jerry's, and if that doesn't work he can walk around in stocking feet for all I care."

He looked over at his wife, sorting through a lingerie drawer, pulling out several lacy brassieres and panties. She turned to him. "Malcolm, why don't you go downstairs and tell Phoebe to set a late supper for our guests. And make sure to tell her to wear 'Uniform B' until we specify otherwise, all right? I've already told Jeanine so."

"Certainly, dear. Here, you can deliver these."

John luxuriated under the seemingly endless stream of hot water. During the final minutes of their hike, before he saw the house lights, he hadn't been sure if he was leading his family to safety or disaster. He had only been sure that he was never going to be warm again. Now he simply held onto his wife, sharing the warmth of the water and of each other.

As his hands moved over her wet and naked back, he could feel her nipples harden and press into his abdomen. He looked down at her. Her eyes were shut tightly, her hair plastered against her skull, her white buttocks smooth and inviting. He felt his manhood begin to harden and rise against her smooth belly. In short order, his full nine inch length and two inch girth was pressed against her stomach. Although their difference in heights almost always precluded standing sex, John knew he wanted to take her, then and there. He lowered his hands to the rounded globes of her ass and pulled her towards him.

Anita's eyes opened wide. "No, John. We can't. Not now, not like this.", she said quietly. She pushed herself away from him.

"Why not now, like this?", he asked with a smile, pulling her back against his chest.

"Please John! What if someone comes in? What about the girls?"

The mention of his daughters reduced his ardor. He stepped away from his wife and opened the door. "You're right. Time to get dressed."

"Give me a moment," she said, grabbing the shampoo. "I need to wash my hair."

He closed the door and dried himself off with a large towel. As he reached for a bathrobe, he noticed clothing set out on the bed. Hanging the robe up again, he finished drying off and walked naked to the bed. Looking the clothes over, he realized that his benefactors were more formal than he was used to. Apparently, one dressed for a rescue. He was about finished when his wife came out of the bathroom, wrapped in an oversized robe, toweling her hair dry.

"Does anything fit?", she asked.

"Pants are okay. Shirts aren't quite right.", he replied. "They come in two sizes. Either too small in the collar or designed by Omar the tentmaker."

"So don't button the collar."

"I won't."

Just then, there was a knock on the door. John moved to open it, as Anita wrapped the robe around herself tightly. He opened the door to find Caroline standing there.

"Hello.", she said. "I hope you're feeling better.", she asked.

"Please, come in. We're fine. You're lifesavers, literally. I don't know what we would have done if we hadn't found this place.", said John, stepping aside and waving her inside.

Caroline stepped into the room. She was dressed quite stylishly in a Kelly green cowl neck sweater and a tight calf-length black velvet skirt. John noticed that the skirt was slit several inches above her knees in the front, and that in her three inch heels she was almost as tall as he was. Also, she didn't seem anywhere near as old as her husband. "Thank you. It's nothing, really. This is the most excitement we've had in a while." She held out her hand to John. "Welcome to Belle Ayre. I'm Caroline Jenson. You've already met my husband Malcolm."

John took her hand and was pleased to see it was a firm grip. "Thanks. I'm John Andrews."

"I'm Anita.", said John's wife, rising and coming to the door.

"Hello. Welcome to Belle Ayre." She looked back at John. "Oh, dear. We were hoping the clothes would fit you, but I don't think they do."

John simply smiled. "We were just saying that. The pants are fine, but the shirts are either too tight in the neck or much too big."

"Yes.", said Caroline. "I thought that might be a problem. The pants and the tight necks are Malcolm's. The baggy shirts are Jerry's."

"Jerry?", asked Anita.

"Malcolm's son. He's away at college at the moment. I swear, I have to have his clothes made by Omar the Tentmaker."

"Big boy, huh?", remarked John.

Anita remarked, "Well, I have to get John's shirts from a big men's catalog."

"I can well imagine.", said Caroline, smiling warmly at John.

John felt warm and uncomfortable at Caroline's smile, as he felt a stirring in his groin. 'This is a good looking woman!', he thought to himself. Turning away, he said to his wife, "I'd better go check on the girls." He turned towards the open door.

"No, wait.", said Caroline. "I just looked in on them. They're fine. Cory and Laurie are dressing right now. I'm sure they'll be out in a few minutes." She turned back to Anita. "And your clothes? Will they be satisfactory?"

"I haven't even had a chance to look. I just got out of the shower myself. Let's see..." Anita looked down at the clothing spread out on the bed. "This is beautiful, all of it!", she exclaimed.

"Thank you.", said Caroline. "I do like to wear nice things for Malcolm." She sat down on the bed next across from Anita and held up a cream colored cashmere cardigan. "This would look lovely on you."

Anita nodded agreement and looked back at the bed as John looked on. Then her brow wrinkled and she picked up a single stocking. "Stockings? Not pantyhose?"

Caroline blushed. "You'll have to excuse that. I'm afraid I don't wear pantyhose."

"Not at all?", asked Anita incredulously. "Really?"

"Really. Malcolm is a dear, but he has rather singular tastes in ladies lingerie." She held up a rather transparent panty and demi-bra set. "Utilitarian is not a word Malcolm would use to describe what he wants me to wear underneath things. He insists on buying for me."

Now it was John's turn to blush. Stammering, he excused himself and turned towards the open door. Caroline laughed lightly. "Go downstairs. We'll be down shortly with the girls. I'm sure Malcolm can fix you a drink." John blushed again and left, closing the door behind him.

Anita looked over at Caroline. "What about the girls? They've never worn stockings before."

"They loved the idea. They think it makes them so much more mature. The MTV Generation, I suspect."

"I don't think we have to tell John that.", commented Anita.
Chapter 3
Home - Top   Feedback to author


Home « rlfj's Page « The Storm Index « Previous - Settings
Chapter 3
Posted: December 08, 2003 - 08:36:25 pm

John moved down the hallway to the stairs and down to the foyer. Their clothing was now gone and a young blonde girl was on her knees, mopping up the melted snow. As his feet moved into her line of view, she let out a small "Oooh!", and stood up.

"Excuse me, sir, I didn't hear you." She dropped the sponge she held into the pail at her feet. Grabbing the sides of her skirt, she dipped slightly and curtsied. "Welcome to Belle Ayre, sir."

John Andrews had about as much experience with servants as he did with the back side of the moon. "Uh, hello. Uh, thank you. Can I help you with that?"

"Oh, no sir, that wouldn't be right. I'm almost done anyway, Mr. Andrews."

"You know my name?"

"Oh, yes sir. Mrs. Jenson told me to take care of things." The girl curtsied a second time. "I'm Jeanine, sir, the maid. If you need anything, just ask."

"Thank you, Jeanine. Uh, call me John."

"Oh, no sir. I couldn't do that."

John was saved from a fruitless argument by Malcolm coming in from the large room opposite the parlor. "Thank you, Jeanine.", he said. Turning back to John, he said, "Come on. Let's make you another drink.", and led the way into the parlor. Jeanine curtsied silently and knelt again, to finish the floor.

John glanced at her briefly and followed Malcolm. 'Pretty girl.', he thought to himself.

Jeanine looked back over her shoulder as John walked away. She felt like telling him she could use some help, and not with the mopping either, but 'Uniform B' precluded that idea. 'Uniform B' was the code word that meant visitors were not, as yet, intimate members of the household. Thus, Jeanine and Phoebe were required to depart from their customary mode of dress.

Jeanine was short, only five-foot-three, with short blonde hair in a page-boy cut, and in her early twenties. Presently she wore a black, knee-length, cotton blend dress, with plain black stockings and low heeled pumps. The bodice had a conservative neckline, and she wore a white blouse underneath, with a small white apron. This look differed from her usual attire only in its conservative nature, not in its overall look. Typically, the dress was an extremely short black satin number with a flared skirt and a very low cut, U-shaped neckline. No blouse was worn, and her breasts and cleavage were on conspicuous display, almost to the tops of her pert nipples. In addition, the black stockings were replaced by black fishnets (thigh high in either case), and the low heels by much nicer four inch heels.

Of course, Jeanine reflected, she didn't wear underwear with either outfit. The conservative garb molded and lifted her C cup breasts nicely and hid her pussy completely. When not in 'Uniform B', she didn't want her tits and pussy hid at all! And occasionally a guest would attract her, even in 'Uniform B', and she would simply raise her skirt to accommodate him.

In the parlor, John settled onto a bar stool as Malcolm walked behind the bar. "I have no idea how to thank you. I don't know what we would have done if we hadn't found this place.", he said to Malcolm.

Malcolm waved a hand lightly, brushing aside the concerns. "Please, it's no trouble at all. Most fun we've had here in years. Can I get you something to drink? Another brandy, perhaps?"

"Thank you, no. Do you have any tonic water?", asked John. At Malcolm's nod, he continued, "Could I have a gin and tonic, please?"

"Certainly." Malcolm prepared the drink and set it on a coaster before John. "What about your wife? What would she like? Generally, Caroline and I prefer a martini before dining."

"Anita loves a good martini. I can't touch them personally, and she hates to make one for herself, but I know she'll want one."

"Excellent.", said Malcolm. "I'll make a pitcher. Do your daughters drink or are they still too young?"

"Not for a few more years, yet.", said John, smiling. "Perhaps when they turn 40, I'll think about it."

Malcolm laughed. "We never had any daughters, but my friends with daughters, they all tell me the same sort of thing. Do you plan on ever letting them out of the house?"

"Not while I'm alive.", replied a grinning John.

"Daddy, you're awful!", shrieked Cory, coming up behind her father and wrapping her arms around his waist. She looked over his shoulder at Malcolm. "We've been dating since we turned sixteen!"

"Easily changed."

"Daddy!", protested Laurie.

Malcolm laughed wholeheartedly as the Andrews family was reunited in the parlor. "Now, you must tell me. I know your names are Cory and Laurie, but who's who? I can't tell you apart!"

"I'm Cory.", said the first girl.

"And I'm Laurie.", said the other.

"You're absolutely identical.", remarked Malcolm. "Hmmm, blue, Cory, red, Laurie.", he said, pointing at their outfits.

John noticed for the first time what the girls had dressed in. Laurie, the more extroverted twin, had put on a tight red knit mini-dress. Her slightly more conservative sister was wearing a light blue wrap dress, cinched closely around her waist. Both were wearing stockings and matching three inch heels.

"These clothes are great! Don't you like them, Dad!", exclaimed Laurie. She pirouetted before him, tripping at the end in the unfamiliarly high heels. "Oops. Not quite used to these yet."

"Go barefoot.", said her father, holding up one foot. None of the shoes available had come even close to fitting him. John Andrews was shocked at the sight of his daughters. He knew they were growing up, but these outfits were proof to the world that his little girls were now young women. Despite what he had heard Caroline say about her husband's taste in clothes, there should have been something more suitable to wear. But before he could say anything, he looked in his babies' eyes and saw the delight they felt in dressing so maturely. He'd talk it over with Anita later.

"John, shouldn't you greet your wife, too.", asked Caroline.

John turned around and was almost speechless. Anita was wearing the cream cardigan and a black silk wrap skirt, with very sheer beige stockings and four inch high 'fuck-me' pumps. The sweater veed low between her breasts, showing more than a few of her considerable freckles, and the skirt was well above her knees. She had brushed out the remains of her perm so her bright red hair curled down to her shoulders. The only thing wrong he could see was the definite outlines of Caroline's bra and panties cutting into her back and bottom. Evidently Anita was more endowed than her hostess. Well, he had always liked her figure. "You look great, hun!", he said.

"Indeed, Anita.", commented Malcolm. "Would you like a martini?", he asked.

"I'd kill for a martini, thank you." Anita settled onto a bar stool next to her husband as the girls wandered into the foyer. "Don't go too far girls.", she called after them.

"Let them go.", said Malcolm. "They just want to explore. They'll be fine."

"Well, okay.", said Anita. "But don't touch anything!", she told them.

"We won't.", said Cory. Laurie led the way, and John was both pleased and disturbed to note that both girls seemed to be getting the hang of walking in high heels. They both looked much better to him than daughters should look to a father.

Looking back at his wife, he saw she had crossed her legs, and the skirt was showing quite a bit more thigh than Anita normally showed. "You look lovely, dear. Where'd you get the earrings?", he asked, noticing the large gold loops hanging from her lobes.

"Caroline loaned me some jewelry. You like?"

"Very much. But this is simply too much.", said John, turning back to Caroline, now seated on his other side, and to Malcolm. "You've been far too generous with us.", he protested.

Anita relaxed when her husband hadn't complained about the clothing she and the girls were wearing. Normally John was fairly strict about what the twins could wear. Both girls' outfits were considerably shorter and more form fitting than he felt comfortable with. Her own outfit wasn't much better. The sweater clung tighter and dipped lower than she normally wore, at least when the girls were around. Not, now that she thought about it, what John preferred when they were away by themselves. He didn't mind a little skin showing then. Actually a lot of skin. The cardigan had a matching skirt that she had tried on. It had been much too short and tight to wear around her daughters, although she knew John would have liked it if they had been alone. The silk wrap skirt was somewhat longer, but her legs tended to show through the side slit where it came together. And, as she tried to pull the hem down, it had very little stretch to it. To be honest, the only really bad items were the underwear. Simply put, both the bra and panties were at least a size too small. She expected to hear a ripping sound momentarily. Anita turned back to the conversation.

"Anita, I was just telling your husband, tomorrow, after the storm lets up, we'll go back to your car and retrieve your belongings. Then you'll be all set until your car is pulled out of the ditch."

"Relax, John.", said Anita, drinking at her martini. She put her hand on his forearm. "It's only a loan, not a gift. Malcolm, this is ambrosia."

John smiled as Malcolm refreshed his wife's glass. "You win. I must look pretty ungrateful complaining about receiving too much care and help. I apologize."

"Nothing to apologize for. Here, let me make you another drink. Then Caroline and I can show you around Belle Ayre, we can find the girls, and have a late supper. All right?"
Chapter 4
Home - Top   Feedback to author


Home « rlfj's Page « The Storm Index « Previous - Settings
Chapter 4
Posted: December 12, 2003 - 12:20:17 am

Anita thought the term 'Great Room' really didn't apply to the dining and living rooms. It was larger than their entire first floor back home and lofted up to the second story to a cathedral ceiling. A stone fireplace dominated one wall of the room. The parlor was much cozier, being off the foyer to one side. An interesting feature, she thought, was the bar against the front of the parlor, which had a walk-thru to another bar on the back wall of the Great Room.

Cory and Laurie were awed by their surroundings. The most common words out of their mouths, once they started exploring were "Wowww!", spoken to each other, and "You gotta see this!", once they were joined by their parents.

Once they had come into the Great Room, Malcolm had announced it was time for some supper. "I know that you're probably quite tired, but I must insist. You've had quite a close call with exposure, the doctor prescribes some soup." He nodded at Reeves, standing near him, and the butler left towards the kitchen. "Now, John, you take that end of the table and I will take this end. These lovely ladies will flank me, and our beautiful wives will flank you." He stepped to the side and pulled a chair out next to his head of the table. Laurie moved faster than her sister and plopped down in it. Her eyes sparkled as Malcolm pushed her into place. "Well, that seems to be settled.", he commented, and helped Cory to a seat facing her twin.

"Do you normally dine this late?", asked Anita. An ornate grandfather clock in the corner showed that it was almost nine-thirty.

"Hardly.", said Caroline. "But Malcolm is right. You must get some nourishment, and it would hardly be fitting to simply send you off to the scullery to see what you can find."

"Soup is definitely called for.", finished Malcolm. "It's quick, it's simple, easily digested, full of vitamins, protein, and all those good things the people at Campbell's have been telling us about. I asked Phoebe, she's our cook, you see, to warm up something she made the other day."

Just then, a swinging door opened and Reeves stepped through holding a crystal pitcher of ice water. He held the door for a small and dumpy woman carrying a large tureen. She set it with a surly manner in the center of the table before Malcolm, removed the lid, and then retired, muttering. Steam rose from the surface of the dark brown liquid within. Reeves moved around the table, filling water goblets.

"You'll have to excuse Phoebe's moods.", said Caroline. "She may be a bit of a grump, but she makes up for it in the kitchen."

"It smells delicious.", said Anita. All of a sudden the foursome forgot their fatigues. It had been hours since they had last eaten and they now realized they were famished. The mood was broken when Phoebe slammed back into the room with a large basket of warm and freshly baked bread and a dish of butter. She unceremoniously dropped these on the table and stormed out again.

"Yes, but still.", said Malcolm looking behind him as the door swung shut. "Reeves, perhaps you can calm her down some. And bring the wine, won't you. Thank you." Turning back to the amused group before him, he picked up a ladle and announced, "Beef and barley. Caroline, can you pass the bread? I think I could do with a bowl, also."

To himself, Malcolm thought of a different reason he was smiling. Far from being grumpy, Phoebe was acting. When 'Uniform B' was announced, she went out of her way to change into something ugly, frumpy, and mean. Tonight she wore a shapeless white cafeteria uniform with an oversized apron. Her hair was done up in a bun on top of her head. She wore opaque white stockings, and what Malcolm had to believe were the most hideous white orthopedic shoes ever created. All she needed now was a hair net and she would be the perfect high school 'lunch lady'. Previous efforts had included takeoffs on Hazel and Alice from TV fame, and a truly wretched Russian babushka. He dreaded to think what her next creation would involve. In reality he knew Phoebe to be the most exotic creature in the household. Barely five foot tall, she had a nineteen inch wasp-waist, a large firm ass, wide hips, and soft and delicious DD cup breasts. In addition, she would gleefully take on anyone, any man, any woman, any time, any place, any orifice. And creative? Just two weeks ago, Reeves had announced that dessert would be in the small parlor. He and Caroline had gone there to find Phoebe lying naked on the coffee table, her generous breasts and bare shaved pudenda liberally covered in whipped cream. They had dined well that evening, to be sure.

At first, the meal was silent, as the Andrews dug with gusto into their soup. But while Malcolm was refilling Laurie's bowl, she asked him, "Did you build this place yourself?"

He handed back her bowl. "If you mean, did I personally build it, then no, I didn't. The last hammer I held was a bone hammer, some twenty-odd years ago. If you mean, did I order it built, then again, I must say no. I bought it and had it added on to."

Cory piped up, "What's a bone hammer?", then drained her wine glass. When Reeves had brought back the wine, she and Laurie had noticed that in addition to their water goblets, they had matching wine glasses. Malcolm had asked their mother if they could have some. She had relented to the extent of a single glass apiece.

"Hmm, what's that Cory?", said Malcolm turning to her. Seeing her empty glass, he naturally refilled it.

"Cory, I said one glass only.", said Anita.

"Oh, dear, my mistake Anita.", said Malcolm contritely. "Old habit I'm afraid."

"Please, Mom, can't we have just one more glass?", pleaded Cory.

"Please Mom?", chimed in her sister.

"If I might say, Anita, it's not like you're going anywhere in the morning.", said Caroline.

Anita rolled her eyes to the ceiling. The glass had already been poured, after all. "All right, but only one more."

"Great!", said Laurie. So saying, she drained her own glass and held it out for seconds. Malcolm chuckled as he refilled her glass as well. "So what's a bone hammer?"

"Oh, yes. A bone hammer is a hammer, oh, about yay long, or so,", he replied, estimating the distance with his hands. "that an orthopedic surgeon uses to chip and break bones."

"Are you really a doctor?", asked Cory.

"Sort of."

"Well, you are or you aren't. Which is it?", she pressed.

"Well, I have an MD degree from Stanford, so that makes me a doctor. But before you can get your license to practice medicine you have to complete an internship and a residency. I went into biochemical research instead. It's sort of like a Ph.D., actually. I'm no more a doctor than a doctor of biology or chemistry, really."

At the other end of the table, a separate conversation was going on. Caroline looked at John and said, "Now I understand how your car went off the road and you ended up here, but what in the world were you doing on this road to begin with?"

John and Anita explained how they had gotten off the highway after the accident and had been trying to get back on at a later exit.

"Yes, of course. But this road doesn't lead to the highway."

"It doesn't?", said John.

"Well, no. This simply peters out into a logging road about ten miles down. I'm sure it's closed this time of year. The main turnoff is twenty miles back."

Anita's eyes widened in shock. "Oh, my God!", she exclaimed. "We might have died if we had gone the other way!" Her outburst startled the girls into silence as they stared at her wide-eyed. John simply shrugged phlegmatically.

"Guess I got lost.", he said.

"Perhaps, perhaps not.", interjected Malcolm. "John, were you by any chance a Boy Scout?"

"Yeah, sure.", he answered.

"Did you earn your Eagle?"

"Yes, I did. It shows?"

"It shows. The lessons of youth stay with one forever."

"You, too?", asked John, curious where this was leading.

"Yes, but I never made it past First Class. Too interested in goofing off, I suppose. Still, I knew a few Eagles. Answer me honestly, John. You could have survived, couldn't you?", asked Malcolm, looking John straight in the eyes, all levity gone.

John sat upright silently, then settled back into his chair. He picked up his wine glass and drained it before answering. "Yeah, I could have survived. Hate to have to try it, though."

"Precisely. If you could survive, your family would survive. You might all end up in the hospital, but you'd survive. You could have found shelter or built one, and you could build a fire. Food might be a problem, but maybe not, either."

"Still, Malcolm, they were lucky. What if they had been coming through two weeks from now? We'd be in the Keys by then.", asked Caroline.

"What of it? We already know they were coming here. If the place was cold and dark, John, wouldn't you have forced the door? Started a fire in the fireplace? Found dry clothes? Called for help?"

John simply shrugged. "You do what you have to do."

Malcolm stood and raised his glass of wine. "Ladies, a toast. Throughout my life, I have read stories of heroes. Soldiers, firemen, police officers, everyday citizens who have done something heroic, to save the lives of those around them. The most common comment they make is that they did what they had to do. Ladies, I give you the hero of the hour, John Andrews!"

John was most uncomfortable as the group all responded, "John Andrews!" and sipped their wine. Still, the looks of awe and respect his wife and daughters gave him warmed him mightily. Suddenly, Cory and Laurie were seeing him in a whole new light. Standing himself, he raised his glass. Cory and Laurie both burst out laughing. "Speech! Speech!", they cried. He waved them quiet.

"To the true heroes, the people who took us in, Caroline and Malcolm Jenson."

"Hear, hear.", said Anita, also rising. The twins stood also, and the six people finished their wine.

As they sat down, Cory wobbled on her heels and sat awkwardly on her chair. "I guess I am kinda tired.", she said.

"I think it's getting late for you two.", said Anita. "Come on. I think it's bed time for both of you. It's been a long day."

Just then the lights went out. "Girls, I think you had better stay here a moment. I'm sure we'll have some lights in a moment.", said Malcolm. To the side they could hear Reeves fumbling in some drawers in the pitch blackness.

After about two minutes, the lights came on again. Reeves closed the drawer he was looking in and opened another. The lights went out a second time. Reeves lit a match. "This always happens.", he commented. He reached over Laurie's head and lit the candles on the centerpiece. "This should do for the moment." He struck a second match and lit a wall lantern behind him.

"I do apologize for this.", said Malcolm. "I'm sure that Tony will have the generator up in a moment."

"Tony?", asked Anita.

"Tony is our handyman, groundskeeper, odd-job man.", replied Caroline. "He's simply a wizard at these sorts of things. Malcolm and Reeves are much too cerebral to handle something that Tony says is so simple." She laughed lightly at Reeves quiet grunt.

Within two minutes, a light appeared under the door leading to the kitchen. Still no light came on in the Great Room or elsewhere in the household. Shortly thereafter a young man came through the kitchen door carrying a large, multi-cell flashlight.

"Sorry about the delay. The generator's up and running.", he announced.

"But the lights are still out!", replied Cory. She liked Tony's looks. He was about her height, but much bigger. He was very stocky and quite a bit of chest hair protruded from his shirt collar. He was in clean but worn khaki pants and shirt, which had the top two buttons undone. Over this he had on a heavy winter coat and wore cowboy boots. His dark hair hung neatly to his shoulders.

"Yeah.", commented her sister. Laurie was equally taken with Tony, and didn't want him to miss her for Cory.

"No, it's going.", he said. "The problem is that the generator isn't quite big enough to handle the whole load of the house. The breakers trip unless I shut down the lights in most of the place. I've got it feeding the utilities and the kitchen only."

"Tony, I know we've asked you before, but can't we do something about that?", asked Malcolm.

Tony turned to face Malcolm. "Sure boss. All I need is enough zeros on the check. Either we buy a second generator, replace the first with a larger unit, or redo the wiring to allow computerized control. And I'm not sure new wiring would completely handle the job." He shrugged. "Considering the frequency that this occurs, how much is it worth to you?"

"Does the power go out often?", asked John of Malcolm.

"That's the rub.", commented their host. "It really doesn't happen often enough to justify the changes." He turned to Tony. "Well, get out the lanterns and candles."

"Right, Doctor Jenson." Tony left the room.

Turning to the Andrews family, Malcolm continued. "Well, we may not have lights or TV, but the heat and hot water will be fine, and the kitchen won't be hurt. I'm sure that the lines will be fixed in a day or two."

The group made small talk about the weather for another five minutes until Tony returned, carrying several kerosene lanterns and a couple of candles. He set them on the sideboard and left.
Chapter 5
Home - Top   Feedback to author


Home « rlfj's Page « The Storm Index « Previous - Settings
Chapter 5
Posted: December 15, 2003 - 09:25:17 pm

Tony wandered into the kitchen and leaned back against a counter, watching Phoebe clean up. "Jesus, Phoebe, that getup is absolutely hideous.", he said.

"Why, thank you, Tony.", she said, smiling. "So, what do you think of our guests?", she asked.

"Yeah, have you met them yet?", asked Jeanine, entering from a rear door.

"Just to say hello. I had to run some lanterns and candles in there.", he replied, turning to face Jeanine and pointing his thumb over his shoulder back at the Great Room. "They get stuck in the snow or something?"

"Ran off the road, apparently.", said Jeanine.

"Well, the women are sure lookers. Did the boss spike their drinks?" The two girls were absolutely classic beauties, perfectly proportioned, but their mother, the woman with the really great set of hooters, now she was a real prize, even if she was older than he was.

"What do you think? I hope it takes effect by tomorrow. He looks cute.", said Jeanine. "I wouldn't mind getting out of this awful 'Uniform B'".

"Well, that's easily arranged.", offered the handyman, reaching for the maid.

"What, here, in the kitchen?", she laughed back at him.

"Like you've never done it in the kitchen?", he came back. He began to unzip his pants.

"What if someone opens the door?", she protested.

"Go in the pantry, you two. No one will be touring there.", interjected Phoebe, chuckling.

"Great!", said Tony. Taking Jeanine by the arm, he steered her towards a small side room. By the time they were inside and towards the back, his massive cock protruded from his pants. It was so big that when fully erect it managed no more than a ninety degree angle. He pushed her down to her knees and waved it's stiffness in her face.

"Well,", she commented, "nothing like a late night snack!" Jeanine opened her mouth wide and swallowed the hot and spicy sausage whole. This was no mean feat, as Tony erect was eight inches long, and so thick that she had a difficult time wrapping her hand around it. Still, she had practiced on him more than frequently. After only a few minutes deep throating him, she could feel his body tense in preparation for ejaculation. Cupping his huge nuts in her hands, Jeanine squeezed gently and Tony exploded into her mouth. Almost all of his come flowed straight down her throat, but there was simply so much that she gagged slightly, allowing some to dribble down her chin and onto her blouse.

Jeanine licked her lips and stood upright. Looking down at the mess on her front, she commented, "I hope they don't need anything else tonight."

"I'll cover for you.", said Phoebe from the doorway where she had been watching the pair. "You two can turn in if you want." Her dress was bunched in one hand at her waist, while the fingers of the other hand probed her puffy and moist pudenda.

Tony simply grinned and pushed Jeanine towards the door. "Thanks a lot." By the time they had gone out the back way to the kitchen, he had already worked the zipper on Jeanine's outfit down to her waist.

"Well, here's a lantern. Come on girls.", said Anita.

"Aw, Mom!", protested Laurie, but more as a pro forma complaint than a real one. Her heart wasn't in it and she meekly followed her mother and sister. She, too, stumbled at the door way.

As they three stepped into the doorway, Malcolm said loudly, "Anita, girls, no wake-up call tomorrow. Just get up when you want to." The twins waved and left.

"Such charming girls.", said Caroline.

"Drunk, too.", replied John.

Anita led the girls to the room they were to share, across the hall from what was hers and John's. Caroline had said that Jeanine would lay out some night clothes for them, and she was somewhat concerned. What with Malcolm's apparent taste in women's clothing, she rather doubted any pajamas were to be found in the house. She relaxed when she saw several silk chemises on each of the queen size beds in the room.

Laurie headed for the bathroom as Cory sank into the heavy comforter on her bed. "Oooh. This is pretty!", she said, running her hands over one of the chemises. "We need to be rescued more often."

Anita laughed. "Yeah? Well don't plan on a repeat. Listen, you two girls get changed. I'll be back in a few minutes. I need to find the little Mommy's room." She went back into the hall and closed the door behind her.

Anita went into her own room. Several nightgowns were laid out on their bed as well, but these were mostly transparent lace, much more sophisticated than what the girls would wear. 'Maybe later', she thought to herself as she went through to the bathroom. Once inside, she unwrapped the skirt and pushed off the tight panties. The relief she felt at their removal was even greater than the relief she gained sitting on the toilet.

'The hell with it!', she thought. 'Nobody here but us chickens.' After wiping herself, she stood and removed the sweater and the bra. Caroline's undies had left deep red marks in her back, shoulders, and hips. At least the rest of the outfit fit her well enough. She tugged the tops of the thigh high stockings a touch higher, then put the cardigan and skirt on again. Caroline's clothing fit the girls quite nicely, even if pants or long sleeves might be too long. And what with Caroline's longer legs, her stockings came all the way up to Anita's crotch. And praise be to God, they all wore the same shoe size! Anita touched up her makeup and hair in the mirror, then went back to her daughter's room. Knocking, she entered.

Laurie was turning down the sheets on her bed as Cory came out of the bathroom. Both had changed into one of the silk slips. Laurie, ever adventurous, had chosen a multicolored chemise, very short and with the sides slit to the hips. Cory's wasn't quite as extreme, but did show an awful lot of her shoulders and breasts, being held up by the tiniest of straps. 'Beggars can't be choosers', thought Anita, as she kissed the twins good night. She blew out the lantern as she closed the door on them.

John, Caroline, and Malcolm had retired to the parlor after Anita had taken the girls upstairs. When Anita returned she found John sitting at one end of a couch, holding a sherry in his hand. She sat down next to him and took the drink from him. She sipped it, then leaned back into the arm he placed around her back. Across from them, Caroline was sitting in an overstuffed armchair, while her husband sat on one of the arms. He stood and went to the bar, where he poured a fourth sherry and handed it to Anita.

"Girls all right?"

"Fine, just tired. It's been quite a day. I'm a little beat myself."

"Well, Anita, if you want, go lie down yourself.", said Caroline.

"No, that's all right. I'll be fine. Please." Anita settled back into the protection of her husband's arm.

John idly rubbed his wife's shoulder for a moment before he realized no bra strap interrupted his fingers. He shifted his arm slightly and ran his fingers down her back to confirm this. Anita looked at him and smiled. Leaning into him, she whispered into his ear, "I took it off. It was killing me."

"What about...", he began to ask.

"Them, too." They smiled at each other, and then she whispered. "Play your cards right, hero, and maybe you'll get a hero's reward later." She snuggled into his side and stretched her legs out.

John wasn't the only person in the room to notice Anita's change. Both Caroline and Malcolm had noticed a pronounced sway to her breasts as she had entered the room, and were delighted at this. Caroline, seated in front of John and Anita, had a straight-shot view up the front of Anita's skirt to her trim, red pubic hairs. Caroline felt herself moisten at the sight, and tried to maneuver her legs so that John could see her naked and shaved pussy.

Anita listened quietly as the other three talked about the origins of the house. She finished her sherry and set it on the coffee table, then snuggled back against John. Finally her eyes closed and her head sank down into his lap. She never even noticed the raging erection she was sleeping on.

John smiled at his hosts. "I suppose I should get Sleeping Beauty to bed."

"Of course.", said Malcolm. "But finish your drink first. This is excellent sherry."

"John, she'll never notice.", added Caroline.

The three continued their conversation for another half an hour. John kept continuously glancing down at his wife's sleeping form. With her legs stretched out, the slit where the skirt wrapped around her gaped wide. Her thighs were exposed to the lace top of the stockings began. John was tremendously turned on by his wife's unknowing exposure. When John set down his glass, he shifted enough to rouse her.

"Come on, honey, wake up."

"What?" Anita shook the cobwebs off and sat up.

"Time to call it a night, dear. You fell asleep."

"I did?"

John stood and helped his wife to her feet. "Yes you did. You snored."

Caroline laughed. "Don't listen to him. You weren't snoring."

"Or at least not very loudly.", said John. He took one of the candles and led the way. Anita grabbed a second and followed.

Once in their room, John directed his wife to the bed. "Go to sleep.", he said, and went into the bathroom. Turning on the shower, he stripped his borrowed clothes off. He took a short but hot shower and went back to the bedroom.

Anita wasn't asleep under the covers, not by a long shot. Her brief nap had given her a second wind, and she was looking forward to rewarding the hero. Disdaining Caroline's loaned nightgowns, she placed them on a chair against the wall, then took off the skirt and sweater. Placing her candle where it would shine upon her best, she lay back on the bed facing the bathroom door. She still had on the stockings and high heels. Fluffing a pillow up under head, she began what she called warm-up exercises. While one hand pinched and rubbed her large and sensitive nipples, the other traced tight circles around her clitoris. She brought her legs up slightly and spread them, allowing her labia to gape open and her honey tunnel to be exposed to the dim light.

John opened the door to the bedroom and stopped in his tracks, staring at his wife masturbating herself. She moved both hands to her pussy and spread her pussy lips wide. "I wasn't sleepy.", she said.

"I guess not.", said John, smiling. As his cock began to stiffen he moved his right hand down to help it along. Moving closer, he stood at the edge of the bed, stroking himself erect as he looked down at her.

"Put it in me.", said Anita.

"In a bit. First, I want you to make sure you're prepared.", replied her husband. "Keep playing with yourself."

Anita bit her lower lip in silent despair. She enjoyed masturbating for her husband, both because he liked to watch and because she usually got herself off at least once before he entered her. Tonight, she KNEW she was ready. She felt hot and flushed, and she could feel the trickle of cunt juice running down the crack of her ass. With one hand she spread her pussy wide and with the other she began rubbing her clit in a circular motion, hard. "Oh, come on, honey, please?", she begged, as she stared down between the mounds of her breasts at John's stiffness.

"I don't know. Are you sure you're ready?", teased John.

"God, you bastard!", cried Anita. Moving the hand holding her lips open, she stuffed three fingers inside her cunt. "Just how ready do you need me? Get that thing in me now!" She threw her legs wide apart on the bed.

By now, John's cock was hard and throbbing, the veins along the side distended, the head a bright purplish red knob. Grinning, he knelt between her legs and lowered himself towards her supine body. Anita quickly withdrew her fingers and used both hands to spread her labia apart. But before he penetrated her, John teased her further. Grasping his shaft, he rubbed the head of his cock around her pink slit and over her clit.

"Oh, stop teasing me! Just put it in!", she moaned.

Placing the head at the start of her tunnel, John positioned his arms at her sides so that his weight was off of her. He wiggled his cockhead in the entrance to her pussy until she wrapped her arms around his waist and began to drag his ass forward, to make him screw her. Then with a single mighty thrust, he rammed into her as hard as he could. In a single stroke, all nine inches were buried.

"AAAARRRGGGGGHHHHHH!!!", screamed Anita. On the first stroke she came massively. Wrapping her stocking clad legs around her husband's waist and her arms around his neck, she screamed out her pleasure. Anita shook convulsively as his continued strokes took her higher and higher in her orgasm. "FUCK ME!... FUCK ME!... FUCK ME!", she cried over and over as he pistoned in and out of her.

John began to slow his pace, to prolong his own pleasure. Slowly, Anita came down from her peak and collapsed into the bed beneath them. "Well,", commented John, "you seemed to enjoy that. Should I stop now?"

"Don't you dare.", said his wife. "Just keep that up, just like that." Unwrapping her legs from around him, she moved her hands down to his hips. Silently she began to guide his hip movements, slowing him initially, then urging him faster and faster, thrusting up at his descending organ with her own hips.

For his part, John was content to let Anita orchestrate their fuck. 'Anita is really juicy and hot tonight!', he thought to himself. Stiff armed above her, he was quite content to stare down at her jiggling breasts. They may not have been as rock solid as they were when they first met, but they were still firm enough to keep from sagging. Now they softly rolled in time with her motions, her large dark nipples jutting firmly up at him. He never told her, but her nipples were incredibly erotic to him. Her aureoles were each about two inches across and a dark coral color, protruding from her breasts almost an inch. Whenever possible, he had her wear shirts and tops that highlighted her breasts. On their private getaways, he never let her wear a bra.

John felt himself getting closer to his own orgasm. He brought his knees up on the bed and reached down with his arms to her legs. Tucking his arms under her knees, he lifted her ass off the bed and pulled her back onto him. He knelt upright, with his arms spreading Anita's legs wide. "Play with yourself.", he demanded. "Make me come."

Anita moved both her hands between her legs. With one hand she spread her pussy lips around the intruder, using her index finger to rub her pleasure nub. The other hand snaked down between them to grasp and stroke the iron hard piston joining them. Anita promptly began to orgasm a second time, crying out for John to come in her.

For John, it was time as well. As Anita began to buck beneath him, he collapsed forward onto her. Anita's legs stiffened and straightened as she was almost bent double, her hands trapped in their joined crotches. Screaming in joy, she had an incredible orgasm as her husband grunted loudly and began spewing his seed towards her womb.

After a seeming eternity, John's thrusts faded away. Breathing heavily, the pair slowly untangled and stretched out on the bed. John lay flat on his back as Anita cuddled against his side. She leaned towards his face, and when he turned towards her, kissed him deeply. John wrapped an arm around her and put the other behind his head. Rubbing her back absently, they continued to kiss for several minutes more.

Anita moved slightly on the bed, to bring her free arm up to hug her husband. She was pleasantly surprised when she brushed his wet and sticky prick and found it was slowly stiffening. Most nights they would only make love once, then go to sleep. Tonight looked to be an exception to the rule. John noticed the stirring in his groin, as well. He began to apply gentle pressure to her back and shoulders, their silent sign that he wanted his wife to go down on him. She smiled at him and wormed her way south.

Slowly, so as to prolong the anticipation, Anita licked her husband's stomach down towards his groin. As she reached his navel, she stopped and began licking out his belly button. By now, John was fully erect again, and he began to apply a firmer pressure to her back. Bringing his free arm down, he placed it on the back of her head and nudged it towards his cock. Anita smiled and moved lower. Reaching down, she lifted the hard and firm penis off of his stomach where it rested and placed his cockhead between her lips.

It was obvious that John was enjoying the sensations. As soon as Anita's lips wrapped around his glans, John's hips began to buck upwards towards her mouth. Anita rested the side of her head on her husband's gently undulating stomach and began to gently suck and tongue the end of John's cock. The hand not beneath her she wrapped around the shaft and slowly began to masturbate it.

Anita thought about the many conversations she had had with her friends and co-workers. More than a few of them hated to blow their husbands, some simply refusing to. 'Fools!', she thought. How could this be wrong? Or even sillier, dirty? She had learned to love giving her man good head, taking pleasure in the pleasure he received. Of course, most nights when she sucked John's cock, it was just another form of foreplay, a warm-up to the main event. But at least once or twice a month, during her period, he would take her night shirt off and have her suck him or tit fuck to orgasm. He always made sure she came by pinching and sucking on her nipples. Several times, before the girls were born and later, when they were infants, he made her go topless when her time came on a weekend. Then, dressed only in tight jeans and heels, John had her do him orally several times a day.

Now, after about ten minutes, she could feel the pressure on her back and head increase, as John's hip tempo increased. She could sense his imminent explosion, so opening her jaws wider, she took him as deep into her mouth as she could. Suctioning the tip, Anita rapidly jacked his prickshaft and was rewarded when John grunted deeply and her mouth filled with a flood of warm jism. It was all Anita could do to swallow and keep up with his heavy spurting flow.

Finally, John's hips settled back into the bed and he let out a loud sigh. Raising herself up on one elbow, she looked up at him in the candle light. Anita lewdly licked and smacked her lips, and gave his cock a slight jiggle. "Um, um, good.", she giggled. John laughed and pulled her down to his chest. They lay there, Anita half on top of her sprawled out husband, one stocking clad leg thrown over his. A faint shimmer of perspiration coated the both of them. Anita began to drift off to sleep until she felt her husband move slightly, and opened her eyes. Looking up at John, she said, "I think I better take the shoes and stockings off before I fall asleep."

"Er, well, why don't you leave them on just a bit longer."

"Well, okay. I'm glad they keep the place warm, though." Anita snuggled up against John, and in so doing, brought the leg she had thrown over him up slightly. Her eyes opened wide when her thigh rubbed up against his cock, now stiff a third time. Looking down his abdomen, she could see it hard and red and curving up and back towards her. "Wow, John, you are really horny tonight!", she exclaimed. Reaching down, she traced the tips of her fingers around the head and down the length of the shaft. "I guess you really do want that hero's reward, huh?"

"What can I say?", said John. "You know I like to see you in high heels and stockings."

"I guess so.", said Anita, reaching down to clasp him in her hand. She began to squirm upright and on to him.

"Uh, uh.", he said. "Sit up and climb on top."

Anita slowly straightened. "You horny bastard! I get to do all the work, huh?" She drew her legs up, but her protest wasn't meant, because she continued to jack on his cockshaft.

John centered himself on the king size bed ('Biggest damn bed I've ever seen!', he thought.) Reaching behind him, he grabbed a pair of pillows and tucked them under his head. "I want to watch. Climb on top and give me a real show.", he said.

"Horny bastard.", repeated Anita. She waited for John to position himself, then threw a leg over his waist, straddling him. Kneeling upright, she reached between her legs. With one hand she spread her pussy lips wide, while with the other she aimed his erection right where they both wanted it. "Is this what you want? You want me to put your cock in my pussy?" She lowered herself until only the tip was seated at the mouth of the tunnel. Moving the hand holding the mighty cock, she spread her pussy lips wide. "Or do you want me to sit on it all the way? Do you want to be deep inside me?" She slowly sat backwards, John's cock gliding upwards into her warm and wet and marvelously tight orifice.

"Just what do you want me to do now? Bounce up and down on it?", she asked, starting a slow flexing of her knees. The organ impaling her began to slide in and out. "Or did you want to see me play with my nipples? That turns you on, doesn't it? Or should I just lift them up, so I can suck the nipples? Um, you like to see me suck my nipples, don't you?"

John had no response to any of these questions. Or perhaps his actions were his response. Stretching out, he placed both hands behind his head and slowly moved his hips, matching her rises and descents. He smiled as he watched and listened to her, bouncing on his cock, licking her big tits and nipples, and playing with her clit. God, he loved watching her fuck him!

After coming twice already that night, John was in no urgency. Anita, however, was. The blow job had definitely made her clit tingle, and shortly after climbing on top of John, she had shuddered and came, describing it to him as she did so. Then she resumed her duties and managed to come twice more. Finally, sweat rolling down her proud and massive breasts, she began a rapid and vigorous bouncing fuck, leaning forward to rub her sweat soaked tits through John's chest hair. Thrusting upwards, he loudly surged his semen into her grasping cunt as she cried out her passion. Afterwards, still trapping his softening cock in her pussy, Anita stretched out on top of him and they kissed passionately and deeply. As he held her in his arms, the twosome slowly drifted off to sleep, as John's cock sluggishly dropped from her twat and their copious mixed juices drained down onto his balls and ass.
Chapter 6
Home - Top   Feedback to author


Home « rlfj's Page « The Storm Index « Previous - Settings
Chapter 6
Posted: December 22, 2003 - 12:13:38 am

Caroline walked out of the master bath to find her husband turning down the quilt. She had removed her skirt while performing her toilet and had neglected to put it on again. Now she stood in her long sweater, stockings, and heels watching as her husband began to unbutton his shirt. "Anything particular you'd like me to wear tonight, darling?", she asked.

Before her husband could reply, there was a quiet knock on the door. Malcolm walked to the door and opened it slightly. On seeing who it was, he opened it wide so that Caroline could see their visitors. "Come in, come in.", he told Reeves and Phoebe.

Caroline smiled at the two servants. Both were dressed most informally. The butler wore his trousers, covered by a long terry robe, and slippers on his bare feet. Phoebe was barefoot, and wearing only a short silk robe.

"Couldn't sleep?", asked Malcolm.

Reeves answered. "Actually, we had been planning on watching a video tonight, but what with the power lines down, that idea is out." Phoebe nodded agreement, grinning widely.

"Oh really, anything in particular?"

"We had planned on watching the tape we made of Master Jerry with his girlfriend last summer."

"Oh, yes, an excellent choice.", commented Malcolm. Indeed it was, he thought. When Tony and Reeves had suggested it to the pair they had been quite enthusiastic about the prospect. They promptly changed into swimsuits, Jerry into a tiny Speedo and his girlfriend into an absolutely outrageous side-tie string thong bikini. Proceeding to the pool deck, Tony had taped while Reeves had silently directed. Jerry had oiled up the young lady, a slim but large-breasted blonde, before stripping her down and screwing her seemingly non-stop for well over an hour. "A great film, as it were." The whole group had taken part one way or another. Jeanine had stripped down and provided blowjobs to the film crew, while Malcolm, Caroline, and Phoebe had staged an impromptu threesome on the balcony overlooking the scene.

"One could almost call it inspirational.", said Reeves, smiling.

"She's not his girlfriend anymore. She's his fiancé now.", said Caroline.

"Outstanding!", said Reeves.

Phoebe squealed her approval and clapped happily. "I'm so happy for them! She's such a nice girl! And so pretty! When's the wedding?"

"Not until next year.", answered Caroline. "In the fall, I believe."

"The next time they come home, we'll have to throw them a 'special' party.", said Phoebe, arching her eyebrows.

Malcolm simply laughed. "I will leave that in your ever so creative hands, Phoebe dear. Just don't try to wear them out so they can't have a proper honeymoon. So, since you couldn't party on your own tonight, you were curious over our plans? Well, please join us. We were just getting ready for bed."

"Yes, I had just asked Malcolm if he had any preferences in my attire.", said Caroline. "What about you Reeves, is there anything you'd like to see me in? Or out of?"

"Not particularly, Caroline.", said the butler, eyeing her appreciatively. "Why don't you just take off that sweater and bend over?"

"Ooh, goody, a stand-up doggy style fuck! I haven't had one of those in... days!" Caroline exclaimed. Reaching down, she grabbed the hem of her sweater and pulled it over her head, then trotted to the edge of the bed and bent over at the waist. She spread her legs and looked back over her shoulder expectantly as Reeves undressed. Reeves' penis was prodigiously erect by the time he had removed his pants. Disdaining foreplay, he simply walked up behind Caroline, positioned his prickhead at her cunthole, and smoothly slid inside her in one slow thrust.

Malcolm reached over to Phoebe and untied the sash holding her robe closed. As he knew, she was naked beneath, her breasts jutting forth over her flat stomach and bald shaved pussy. "Considering your height, my dear, or should I say, lack of height, why don't you simply kneel on the bed at the edge next to Caroline."

"Sounds like a plan.", she quipped, and scooted up onto the bed. In moments, Malcolm was standing next to Reeves as they began to vigorously pump in and out of their moaning and squealing partners. Their hips bucked in unison as the women thrust back at their penetrators. All four kept up a light patter, giving one another encouragement and approval. On the bed, Caroline and Phoebe would occasionally support themselves with a single arm, using the other to reach over and pinch the other's nipples or reach down and scratch their fucker's cock as it moved in and out. Both women climaxed before their partner, then began to clamp their pussies on the large intruders, and all four came together in a heated tableau.

Untangling, the foursome climbed onto the bed and rested before their next bout. Malcolm sprawled in the center of the bed with Caroline resting atop him, Reeves and Phoebe on either side. Reeves and Phoebe both began to idly stroke Caroline's back and asscheeks to warm her up again. Slowly she began to squirm beneath their ministrations, and her movements began to have a predictable effect on Malcolm's cock. After a few minutes it stirred to life, rising and wedging itself between Caroline's legs.

"So, what did everyone think of our houseguests?", asked Malcolm.

Caroline lifted her head and supported them on her hands, her elbows planted on her husband's chest. Lifted this way, her breasts were now accessible, and Malcolm brought a hand up to rub and caress her nipples. Caroline closed her eyes and sighed contentedly. Opening her eyes, she spoke first. "Umm, that's nice, darling. Now the Andrew's. Well, as I told you earlier, the girls are simply delicious looking. And so is John. I just hope he has a big, thick, juicy cock like you two." She reached over and gave Reeves' organ, now fully erect again, a small tug and massage.

"Reeves?"

Reeves reached over to Malcolm's wife and began to run his fingers up and down the crack of Caroline's ass. "Oh, simply stunning. I'm not sure which I'm going to enjoy more, having the twins or having their mother. She looks like she could really tear a cock out at the roots if she got going."

"I want the twins!", exclaimed Phoebe. Noticing what Reeves was working on, Phoebe pulled the rounded globes of Caroline's ass apart. Reeves slowly worked his middle finger into Caroline's anus. Caroline shivered slightly, her hips beginning to move against the servant's finger. "And him! I saw what looked to be a good size boner in those pants, and I want it in me!"

"Yes, I would have to agree.", commented Malcolm. He squirmed slightly beneath his wife until his cockhead was positioned at the entrance to her twat. Placing his hands on her hips he pushed her down until she was impaled on him. "He certainly seemed turned on by that outfit she was wearing."

"So were you.", commented Caroline. Her eyes remained closed as she undulated in the center of the group.

"Then it's settled.", decided Malcolm. "Tomorrow, Phoebe, you give them all a full dose in their coffee or juice, two drops apiece. We'll see if that does the trick. If not, another half dose the next morning, and they'll be rutting like dogs in heat by lunchtime Monday. Now, Reeves, why don't you climb on top and put that dork of yours right up Caroline's ass?" So saying, Malcolm spread his and Caroline's legs wide apart.

As Reeves smiled and crawled between the outstretched legs, Caroline's eyes opened wide and she beamed down at her love in anticipation.

"What about me?", asked Phoebe good-naturedly.

"Honey, you just swing that sweet little pussy up here, and I'll lick my husband's come out till you simply scream.", promised a grinning Caroline.

Once Anita had left the twins for the evening, they quietly chatted as they crawled into their beds. The room that Caroline had assigned them was much larger than either of their bedrooms at home, even combined, and sported a pair of queen size beds. Both were exhausted, and soon fell into a deep sleep.

It was Laurie who woke to a low moaning sound coming from the hallway. She couldn't quite make it out. "Cory? You awake?", she called out in a stage whisper.

"Huh? What?", asked her groggy sister.

"You awake?"

"I am now. What do you want?"

"You hear that? That sound, sort of like a moan?", asked Laurie. "What is it?"

Cory sat upright and lit a match to her lantern. Canting her head towards the door she listened, then grinned. "Oh, that, that's just Mom and Dad getting it on. You've never heard them before?"

"You mean, like, you know, Mom and Dad are, well, screwing?", asked a wide-eyed Laurie.

"Sure! You mean to tell me you've never heard them fucking at nights?"

"No!"

Cory laughed. "Maybe that's because my bedroom shares a wall with theirs."

"Daddy said the walls were insulated and soundproofed.", argued her sister.

"Yeah, well they're not as soundproof as he thinks they are. This sure isn't the first time I've heard them going at it."

"You're shitting me.", said Laurie.

"No way. I figure they screw around almost every night."

"You listen to them every night?", asked Laurie, goggle-eyed.

Cory shook her head. "No, but if I can't get to sleep and it's late, it's almost a sure bet. Listen, you can here Mom calling out Dad's name!"

Faintly, they could hear through the door Anita crying out, "Fuck me, John! Fuck me! Harder! Harder!"

"See? I told you it was them!", exclaimed Cory with a self-satisfied smirk on her face.

"Wow!", said Laurie. "I didn't really think they got it on anymore"

"Yeah, I know. I was reading in our sex ed book that old people can still have sex, even after they turn forty. It even said that some people screw in their fifties and sixties!"

"Cool." The concept that their parents weren't old and were in fact just barely turning the corner into a lively middle age was unconsidered by the pair. "Do they know that you listen to them?", asked Laurie.

"Get real."

"So what do you do when they, um, start fooling around?"

"The same thing, fool around.", stated Cory, matter-of-factly.

"What, you mean you diddle yourself?"

"Sure. Once I knew what was going on, it sort of turned me on. I started to let my fingers do the walking. Come on, don't tell me you don't play with yourself once in a while?"

Laurie sheepishly grinned. "Yeah, sometimes. Especially after a date."

"Me, too.", admitted Cory. "Listen, this is real interesting, but it's late and I'm tired. I'm going back to sleep."

"Christ, just when it was getting interesting.", protested her sister. Cory blew out the lamp and they both crawled under the sheets.

The conversation had turned on the twins more than they had been willing to let on to each other. In both cases, after laying down and pulling the covers up, each of them had moved a hand down their bodies to the cleft between their thighs and another hand inside their sheer chemises to their breasts. Trying to be as quiet as they could, each masturbated themselves to a satisfying orgasm.

Finally, as they began to drowse off to sleep again, the silence was broken by a renewed moaning from outside the room. 'God, they're doing it again!', both girls thought, as they woke and finger-frigged themselves in time with their parents.
Chapter 7
Home - Top   Feedback to author


Home « rlfj's Page « The Storm Index « Previous - Settings
Chapter 7
Posted: December 28, 2003 - 12:57:02 am

Malcolm and Caroline awoke about mid-morning, Malcolm nestled against his wife's bare ass, spoon fashion. Reeves and Phoebe had returned to her room after a few brief trysts the night before, and now the married couple slowly woke by themselves. As he commonly did, Malcolm woke with what he called his "piss hardon", and snuggled closer to his wife, rubbing it in the crack of her cheeks. Reaching around, he gently cupped one of her large breasts and began to lightly caress the nipple. It rapidly hardened.

Caroline woke to the pleasant sensation of sexual stimulation. Eyes still shut, she murmured contentedly and moved one hand up to her husband's, squeezing it appreciatively. Slowly moving back against her husband, she lifted her leg and her husband slid his erection into her pussy from behind. As he begin to slowly stroke into her, she sighed with pleasure. "Mmmm. Morning, dear."

"Good morning to you, too.", replied Malcolm. "Sleep well?"

"Delightfully. I slept the sleep of the well and truly fucked. You?" Caroline closed her legs, trapping her husband within her tight tunnel, and moved backwards against his chest.

"Quite. But I think I still have a little strength left." So saying, Malcolm settled into a slow and leisurely copulation while he pinched and tweaked her nipples. Fifteen minutes later, the pair grunted out their quietly intense come. They nestled in each other's arms for a few minutes, then Malcolm climbed out of bed and headed for the bathroom.

Caroline sleepily pulled the covers up as she heard her husband begin his morning ritual. She dozed happily until she knew her husband was out of the bathroom and dressing. Sleepily, she sat up and rubbed the sleep from her eyes, the covers sliding off her proud breasts. Malcolm enjoyed the sight, eyeing her from the closet as he dressed. "Come on, sleepyhead, wake up. We've got a big day ahead.", he commented.

"Yes, dear.", she replied, standing. "Give me a few minutes. Anything special you want me to wear today?" Caroline moved towards the bath.

"Don't you remember?", he asked. "It's still 'Uniform B'. The Andrews, remember?"

Caroline stopped in her tracks and turned. "Oh, my. I forgot all about them! What should we do?"

Malcolm pulled a heavy sweater out of the closet and slipped it over his head. "I'm figuring they are still asleep. When they wake, brunch, and then we go out on the snowmobiles and see what happened to their car. Better get your long johns out."

Caroline nodded and went into the bath. She had a good idea what to wear.

Malcolm was mistaken about John and Anita. Down the hall, the pair was already wide awake. John had awoken first and tiptoed into their bath, where he had relieved his bladder. Then he slipped back under the covers for a bit more shuteye. Anita had woken at this and climbed out of bed. More rested, she had showered while her husband snoozed. Wrapping her towel around her curvy body, she had gone back to the bedroom to dress.

John awoke for his second time. Rolling onto his side, he had propped himself up on one elbow and watched as she came into the room. "Morning, beautiful.", he greeted her.

"Morning yourself.", she replied. "Getting up?"

John looked his wife up and down, from her abundant cleavage at the top of the towel to the considerable length of thigh at the bottom. Tossing the bedspread back, he commented, "I already am.", and laughed. "Come here."

"God, you're incorrigible.", she said smiling. Still, she dropped the towel and moved back towards the bed.

John surprised his wife, though, when he reached out an arm and drew her torso towards the head of the bed. When she was standing by the bed, he leaned over and buried his face between her legs.

Startled, Anita let out a small gasp and wrapped her hands behind his head, holding his face to her crotch. John rarely enjoyed eating her out, usually licking her cunt only during 69 and at her request. This morning she was in heaven, spreading her legs to allow easier access as he vigorously licked up and down her slit, nibbling and sucking her clitoris. "Oh, God, John! Oh, God!", she cried out quietly, as she orgasmed on suddenly shaky legs.

John drew back from her pussy and looked up at her, a large grin on his wet face. "Come on, let's fool around.", he said.

"You're on!" Anita climbed onto the bed with him and was surprised again, as John turned her away from him and positioned her legs on each side of his face. As Anita eagerly moved into the 69 position above him, she was ecstatic when her husband pulled her crotch back down to his lips and began to noisily slurp her freely-flowing pussy. Anita came several times, as she tried to distractedly suck her husband's cock. Finally, John took a breather, and Anita's mouth swooped down, deep-throating the erection before her. Now she gave her husband a dose of his own medicine, sucking and jerking him off so that he couldn't concentrate on her pussy. It was only minutes later she was rewarded with a mouthful of his pleasure.

Slumping down atop him, Anita licked the come that had dribbled past her lips. Again, she was surprised when he rapidly hardened, almost as if by magic!

"Kneel on the bed, honey.", he requested, crawling out from beneath her.

Anita moved to the center of the bed, kneeling with her knees spread wide. She watched over a shoulder as John crawled up behind her. Grasping the end of his prick, he moved between her legs and slipped it into her pussy, driving inward in a fast and smooth motion. Anita grunted in pleasure as he filled her cunt to the fullest.

In silence, John pushed his wife's shoulders down to the bedspread. Holding her ass up into the air, John began to hammer into Anita from the rear. Anita began to cry out in pleasure, at first quietly but building in volume, as she came. John simply continued to plow her furrow, until she began to come yet again, then collapsed on her back as his bucking hips and twitching cock marked the disgorging of his semen into her grasping twat.

Spent, John collapsed onto the bed. "God, that was great, honey!", he said.

"Mmm, hmm.", she said hugging him. "But now I need to take another shower."

"Complaints, complaints. Want me to scrub your back?"

"John! We've got to get dressed. What would the Jensons say?"

John laughed as Anita went into the bathroom. "Let him get his own girl."

Just then, there was a soft knock on the door. The door opened a crack and they heard a soft, "John, Anita? You awake?"

John grabbed the blankets and covered his nakedness, as Anita grabbed a robe and threw it on. "Come on in!", she called out.

Caroline's head peeked around the door. "You two awake?"

"Uh, yeah, just getting up.", said John. He pulled the covers up and tucked them under his arms. "What's up?" Anita tied the sash on the robe and went to the door, opening it and bringing Caroline inside. Caroline was wearing a zippered, one-piece outfit and medium heeled pumps.

"Well, Malcolm and I figured you'd want to get a good start on checking out your car." Caroline held out an armload of clothing to Anita. "Last night, before the power went out, Jeanine was able to do a load of wash. These are your clothes John." Turning her head away from the obviously sated John Andrews to his equally obviously freshly fucked wife, she continued. "Unfortunately, your clothes and the girl's are still in the washer. You'll have to borrow some clothes from me again."

Anita took the proffered laundry and deposited them on the end of the bed. "Oh, well, beggars can't be choosers. I suppose anything will do."

Caroline took Anita by the arm and began moving towards the door. "Well, just come with me. I'm sure that we can find something suitable."

"Well, I was just getting ready to take a shower."

"Oh, come on. We'll find something in my closet and you can use our shower."

Anita's first thought as she entered the Jenson's bedroom was that it contained the largest bed she had ever seen. Her second was that the room, or more correctly, suite, was larger than their entire first floor back home. Malcolm was absent.

"So, Anita, did John get that hero's reward last night?", asked Caroline.

"What?", asked Anita weakly, rapidly swiveling her head in her hostesses direction.

Caroline laughed. "I heard you last night. You told your husband he might be rewarded for rescuing you. Well? Did you?"

"Oh, God!", cried Anita, blushing deeply. "I can't believe you heard me! What you must think!"

Caroline laughed deeply and patted Anita on the arm. "What I think is that you've got a really good looking husband who probably would appreciate that reward. Well?"

Anita hemmed and hawed for a moment, looking down at the floor, then looked up at Caroline. Grinning broadly, she said, "I think I need to be rescued more often.", and giggled.

"No!"

"Yep! All last night and again this morning."

"Well, good for you.", said Caroline.

"That's why I needed that shower."

"I guess so. I suspected as much when you came downstairs sans underwear."

"Oh, that.", said Anita. "That was different. I hate to say it Caroline, but your underwear just doesn't fit. It's too small. It was killing me!"

"Well why on Earth did you wear it then? You should have just left them off.", replied Caroline.

"Oh, I couldn't do that! What would the girls think?"

Caroline smirked. "I don't think they've never heard of such things. You can't tell me you've never gone braless before."

"Well, no.", conceded Anita. "But never around the girls. I don't want them to get the wrong idea."

"But when it's just you and John..."

Anita giggled again. "Then he won't let me wear any underwear. Whenever we go away together, just the two of us, he does all the packing. And he always forgets to pack any bras or panties."

"No!"

"And he always packs skirts and dresses. And stockings, too!"

"Great! I don't think you mind."

"Hardly."

"Well, we'll just have to find you something that will keep him rescuing you, won't we. Now, you go take your shower while I think of something for today." So saying, Caroline pushed Anita towards the master bath.
Chapter 8
Home - Top   Feedback to author


Home « rlfj's Page « The Storm Index « Previous - Settings
Chapter 8
Posted: January 05, 2004 - 12:33:31 am

John was in the kitchen, drinking coffee and eating a bagel when Anita and Caroline entered. Both women were in form-fitting denim jumpsuits and shoeless, with heavy socks on. Anita's jumpsuit was noticeably tighter on her, and the legs were rolled up on hers. John kissed his wife as Phoebe poured the pair coffee and began buttering toast. Then John had to leave as Malcolm stuck his head in through the back door and asked for help. About fifteen minutes later, they heard garage doors being opened and then the roar of snowmobile engines.

"I think that's our cue.", said Caroline. They put down their coffee cups and Anita followed Caroline out a back door to the kitchen. Going down a flight of stairs to the basement, they moved through a room dominated by sectional furniture and a wide-screen television into a utility type room attached to the garage. Lining one side were clothes hooks with a wide array of winter clothing. Anita handed a pair of snow pants and a parka to Caroline, then began putting on a one-piece ski suit. They slipped on heavy 'Moon Boots' and went out into the garage.

Malcolm and John had a pair of large and powerful snowmobiles running in the snow covered driveway, and were dragging a large cargo sled towards one. They coupled it to the snowmobile, then came over to their wives. "John, have you ever driven one of these?", asked Malcolm.

"Yeah, but it's been years.", replied John.

"Well, we'll take it slow until you get used to it. Just stay behind me and you'll stay on the track." Walking out the door, he pointed out their path. "Now we can't go direct because there's a swampy area that might not be frozen over. So we'll move up a path over here, then skirt the swamp and head back down towards the road. We should find your car soon enough. Just stay behind me and I'll keep the speed down. Okay?"

"No problem." The group went back into the utility room and donned helmets, then headed for the snowmobiles. Anita climbed behind John and wrapped her arms around him as Malcolm and Caroline climbed aboard the snowmobile-trailer combination.

The storm had blown itself out before dawn and now the air was cold and pristine. Almost two feet of new powder covered the landscape but the snowmobiles had no difficulty in moving through it. Still, it was almost twenty minutes before Malcolm spotted the broken foliage surrounding the station wagon and pulled up to investigate. Sure it was the spot, he waited as John and Anita pulled up. Looking over at his guests, he saw John acknowledging the site with a nod. They turned off their engines and climbed off.

The group made short work of the snow covering the vehicle, as John and Anita looked with increasing horror at the accident site. Finally, Malcolm dropped down onto his back and shimmied under the rear end, by the log the car was perched on. After a few minutes, he crawled back out.

"John, I hate to say this, but I believe this thing is well and truly trashed.", he said, shaking his head.

John crawled under the car to see for himself. A longer time later, he crawled out and looked over at his wife. He shrugged dejectedly. "The front suspension, drive train, exhaust system, and rear axle have ripped right off. And I think the frame is bent." He looked over at Malcolm.

"Nope, the frame is busted. I checked.", said Malcolm. "Considering the body work, I think she's totaled." He pointed at the sides and roof of the wagon. Half the glass was gone, two doors were half punched in, a third was sprung, and the roof rack had ripped the sheet metal from the top side.

Anita had pulled her helmet off and was now crying and shaking. "We could have been killed!", she wailed.

John sighed and moved to his wife. Wrapping her in his arms, he stopped her attack of nerves and calmed her down. "We're fine, just fine.", he repeated in a low voice until her shaking stopped.

Malcolm and Caroline had moved away from the pair and averted their eyes. Malcolm opened up the cargo sled and handed some orange flags to his wife. When Anita had composed herself, he directed the women to go up to the road and hang the flags on anything that a wrecker might see. He and John would move the luggage to the sled. As Anita and Caroline scrambled up to the road he commented to John, "Actually, she's right. A little bit faster and we wouldn't have found you till Spring."

"Well, don't tell her or the girls. I can't handle it when all three get going like that." John smiled over at Malcolm.

"You must have the luck of the Irish.", said Malcolm surveying the wreckage.

John laughed. "Yeah, I'm one-fifth Irish."

"And four-fifths blarney."

Laughing and joking, the pair pried open a side door. Then John crawled in and began passing out bags and luggage. Malcolm made a small pile in the snow, then the two sorted through it and loaded the cargo sled. As they were finishing Anita and Caroline clambered down the slope and joined them.

"How's our stuff?", asked Anita.

"Not too bad.", commented her husband. "Most of the stuff is OK, but a couple of the girl's suitcases are full of snow. I guess they didn't close them when we left."

"Hey, we were pretty busy.", protested Anita.

John held his hands up in surrender. "I'm not complaining, dear. I'm just saying, snow got in some stuff and it'll need to be dried out. It's not your fault or theirs."

"Oh.", said Anita quietly. "Listen, I'm sorry about my behavior earlier."

Malcolm and Caroline protested that apologies weren't necessary.

"Perfectly all right.", said Malcolm. "This would have shaken any of us up."

"You're alive and well and that's all that counts.", said Caroline, hugging Anita warmly. "Reeves and Jeanine will have everything fixed up in no time. In the meantime, my stuff fits the girls perfectly. No problems."

Malcolm moved back towards the snowmobiles. "When we get back, John, you can call your insurance agent and I can call a tow truck. And when the roads are clear, we'll run you into town and you can buy a new car." John groaned and Malcolm laughed. Putting their helmets back on, the quartet climbed back on the machines and started them up.

Anita's head was spinning with thoughts as she rode behind her husband. Although they now had a fresh path to follow, the ungainly cargo sled required them to move slower. She had ample time to realize just how much danger they had been in and how John had saved them. She leaned against his back and squeezed her husband tightly. Maybe he deserved some more hero's rewards when they got back, she thought wickedly.

More than ever, Anita was thankful that she had met John all those years ago in college. They had first met when her roommate had dragged her to a fraternity party. When she had first seen the tall and muscular young man, she could literally feel her heart melting. Her panties had melted too, she thought honestly. John Andrews was simply dreamy, she had thought to herself, and by their third date she had allowed herself to be coaxed up to his room for the night, and then only because their second date and her period had coincided.

While she had not been a virgin when they had met, Anita had been very inexperienced. The first boy she had slept with had broken her cherry and her heart all at the same time, bragging loudly to his friends of his 'great deed'. The second boy had been only marginally better. She had slept with him only a handful of times before she had seen him with his home-town honey one weekend. She had sworn off men forever until she met John.

John had been different, however. She had instantly felt safe with him. He was quiet, discrete, and much more sophisticated than she. While he never named names or bragged, it was obvious that he had considerably more experience between the sheets than she did. John had been a graduating senior, planning on sticking around for a fast master's, when Anita had met him at the end of her freshman year. He had patiently taught and tutored her in the skills of lovemaking. Although his cock was much larger than the other two she had taken, he was a gentle and patient lover, always ensuring her own orgasm, pleasuring her as well as himself. When he had introduced her to oral sex, he had done so by literally eating her out to screaming climaxes, then smoothly positioning himself into a side-by-side sixty-nine. When she shyly returned the favor he quietly led her past her first bouts of choking, gagging, and biting to a point where she could actively and eagerly please him.

When classes ended, she had cried for days at the thought of losing him. She had never before felt so elated as when he called her out of the blue that summer, inviting her to visit for the weekend of the fraternity summer party. She had hurriedly packed a bag and drove like a maniac for ten hours to get to him, spending most of her time with him in bed. She thought it was the high point of her life, until the following summer, when he graduated and asked her to marry him when she finished school. She had promptly dropped out of school and married him then. Anita smiled at the thought. She had never regretted her decision; her girls, however, would get their degrees, or else.

For his part, John had been instantly attracted to the tiny redhead when he had seen her walking on campus. He had followed her back to her dorm one day and found out where she lived, and it was quick work after that to find out her name and her roommate's name. He pulled a bunch of strings after that in order to get a frat brother to invite her roommate to a party and bring Anita along. He had been mesmerized when she came into the frat house. She had worn jeans so tight they looked to have been sprayed onto her, and a low cut hot-pink tank top with nothing under it but melon sized breasts capped by enormous nipples. Her hair was long and free and hung down to the small of her back. She had worn three inch heels that matched her top and still only came up to his chin. As far as John Andrews was concerned, Anita was a walking wet dream.

However, John Andrews was smart enough to know that looks weren't enough to build a relationship on. One night stands were all fine and dandy, and with his looks he had had more than a few, but John was intelligent and farsighted. He knew that he would want a companion someday, someone he could talk with, laugh with, and if necessary, cry with. Anita had an easy laugh and a great sense of humor, loved children, and was a great counterbalance to his naturally cynical and pessimistic nature. And besides, he thought good-naturedly, once he had her trained, she fucked like a rabbit in heat! Her pussy was so hot and tight, he couldn't get enough of it. John liked nothing better than to lay back as she bounced on top of him, jiggling those really great tits and twitching her cunt. The only possible second best was looking down between his legs as her tits swung and she mouthfucked him. That was always fantastic!

Now, as they moved back along the trail towards the house, they were both happy with their lives, with no regrets on either side. Secretly, they both thought things somewhat quiet and complacent, but neither could complain.

Anita was woken from her reverie as they hit a wider portion of the trail and John moved up abreast of Malcolm and Caroline. Caroline, too, had her arms around her husband, but Anita noticed her arms were lower and wrapped tighter. As they drew up she could see that Caroline's hands were in Malcolm's crotch, rubbing his obvious erection through his one-piece snowmobile suit. What's more, her head was turned their way and she could see Anita watching her and didn't stop! Malcolm may not have known he was being watched, and John may not have noticed, but Caroline simply nodded at Anita and grabbed his length and gave it a playful tug. Absentmindedly, Malcolm took one hand off the handlebars and reached down and patted her hand.

Anita turned her head away, embarrassed. She didn't know why, but the scene had been extremely exciting to her. Caroline was roughly hers and John's age, but Malcolm was at least ten years older than them. From Caroline's actions and her clothing choices it was obvious they had an intensely sexual relationship. As the trail narrowed, John swung his snowmobile in behind Malcolm's lead. Anita felt her pussy flowing, and not simply because of the pleasant vibration between her legs. Reaching around, she moved her hands under her husband's borrowed parka and massaged John's crotch.

John was astounded by his wife's actions and lost concentration briefly. He swerved slightly and Anita moved back in worry. Smiling to himself, he straightened out, then took a hand off the bar. Reaching down, he pulled an arm forward again and lifted his parka up. Anita immediately got the idea. Leaning against his back, she rubbed her parka clad breasts against him and massaged his growing erection.

Both were surprised by their actions this weekend. Rarely did Anita make her wants so plain when with strangers. John rarely managed to make love more than once a night. Both thought, 'Boy, is he/she turned on lately!' Both looked forward to getting back to the house and going upstairs.
Chapter 9
Home - Top   Feedback to author


Home « rlfj's Page « The Storm Index « Previous - Settings
Chapter 9
Posted: January 09, 2004 - 01:39:40 am

As the two snowmobiles pulled into the clearing around the house, John slowed down and took a good look at it. They hadn't really had a chance to see it last night or earlier that day, and he was impressed. From the front, the log cabin was a chalet, with a vast expanse of glass along the wall where the Great Room soared up to the high peaked roof. A fair sized wing ran down one side at an angle and he recognized that this was the two story area the bedrooms were in. From the back he saw that the house was built into a hill, with a sizeable basement and garage area. Also around back was a substantial garage with a loft and a swimming pool, now drained. All along the backside, several multilevel balconies ran down to a large deck around the pool and on out to the detached garage. While no expert on high-end housing, John knew that this 'cabin' was in the multi-million dollar range, let alone whatever the surrounding property was worth.

Around front Anita could see the girls playing in the snow. They had apparently started building a snowman, but had stopped to throw snowballs at Tony as he ran a garden tractor-snowblower up and down the driveway. They had found some too-large snowsuits and were laughing and giggling as they pelted Tony. Anita chuckled as she saw his weapons were sufficient for the assault. He swerved the tractor and got them both full in the face with the roostertail from the snowblower. She waved at the girls who waved back and ran back to their snowman.

Malcolm pulled the cargo sled up to the edge of the deck nearest the back door of the kitchen and turned off the motor. By the time the foursome had the luggage out of the sled, Reeves was standing in the doorway, holding it open and pulling on a parka. The five of them brought in the bags, then Reeves said he would take care of them. Anita pointed out which bags were whose, and Reeves scooped them up and began to take them upstairs. When John said he would take care of them, Reeves simply smiled and shook his head, telling the guest to go into the kitchen for some coffee.

John went into the kitchen to find Phoebe pouring coffee as the others stripped off parkas and snowsuits. Malcolm spoke up, "Get that rig off John. Phoebe can hang it up. Why don't you call your insurance agent."

John stripped off his parka and snowpants and handed them to the ever surly Phoebe. "What, are the phones back?"

"No, not yet.", replied Malcolm. "Phones and electricity are still out, I'm afraid. We keep a few cellulars around for emergencies, though. The towers have backup power supplies. Here, use this one.", he said reaching out and picking a small flip phone off the counter.

From memory, John dialed his agent, needing two tries when he forgot the area code. Finally he got through to the secretary who said the man was out, but gave him the proper procedure to follow. Malcolm reminded him to get the fax number and slid a kitchen note pad and pen over. Finished, John hit the POWER button and turned off the handset. He gave it back to Malcolm.

"Thanks. I need to get it towed out and have an estimate sent to the agency before they can declare it a lost cause. You know anybody who can pull it out of there?"

"Sure, no problem. Here, let me handle that."

"Anita, would you like some more coffee?", asked Caroline.

"No, that's all right.", said Anita.

"Really, are you sure?", asked Caroline.

"Hmm, what?", asked Anita confusedly. Then she remembered the plan Caroline had outlined for her that morning. "Oh, yeah, actually I would like some more coffee. Thanks." She stood up from her chair and leaned back against the counter.

Caroline smiled to herself and went into action. Both women were out of their snowsuits now, Caroline in a snug zippered jumpsuit and Anita in a button front outfit. Caroline had slipped off her socks and had put on some heels, but Anita still wore her bulky wool socks. Both women had thermal tee shirts showing at the collar. Now Caroline reached across the counter and picked up a half empty pot of coffee behind the one everybody had been drinking from. She carried the older and now tepid brew towards Anita, only to stumble at the last moment. The coffee sloshed out of the pot all over Anita's legs.

"Oh God, Anita, I'm so sorry!", she cried out. "Are you all right? Are you burned?" She grabbed a hand towel and started dabbing it down Anita's front. Malcolm and John turned to face the commotion.

"I'm all right, I'm all right.", she assured them. "It wasn't burning hot."

"Still, get out of that outfit. You can't wear that now.", pointed out the 'clumsy' hostess.

"No, I don't think I can.", agreed Anita. So saying she unbuttoned the overalls and slid them off. Kicking them off, everyone could see that the coffee had soaked through to her thermal long johns as well.

As Malcolm made the phone call to the wrecker, John could only stare wide-eyed at his wife. Without hesitation, she bent down and slipped off the coffee soaked socks, then stood again. Reaching under the long thermal shirt, she grasped the waist band of the long johns and pushed them down her hips. Goggle-eyed, John watched her kick the underwear off, then tug down the tee shirt as far as she could.

"I'll go get you some shoes.", said Anita, running from the room with the soaked clothing.

John continued to stare at his wife. Despite her demure facial expression, he couldn't get over the fact that she was now standing before the small group in nothing but a button-front, long sleeved shirt that barely covered her ass cheeks. When he noticed that the shirt was very tight and that she had unbuttoned it before-hand down to her breasts, he turned as red as the shirt.

Caroline skipped back into the room and handed Anita a pair of red high heels. "Here, try these on."

Anita hopped up onto the counter behind her and crossed her legs, tugging the shirt down to maintain some shred of modesty. The shoes she had been handed were ankle strapped with three inch heels and open toes. She slipped them on and buckled the straps. Half afraid to look John in the face with Caroline's plan unfolding, she did look down at his legs. She was delighted to see the tent his cock had formed at his crotch. Everything was coming together! She crossed her legs a la Sharon Stone and gave John a glimpse of her naked pussy and his eyes almost popped out his head.

Malcolm hung up the phone and said, "Skip Brewer will come out either later today or tomorrow morning, whenever the roads are clear. He's got a big flatbed with a winch on it and he thinks he can pull your wagon out of the trees. His brother Ernie runs a body shop in town and will fax your insurance agent the estimate. Might I have some more coffee, Caroline?" Throughout the impromptu striptease Malcolm had been watching Anita from the corner of one eye. He seemingly took no notice of the event, as if it happened all the time, which he thought to himself, was fairly close to the truth. Now more than ever, he was pleased that he had ordered the Andrews' coffee drugged again this morning. Anita looked absolutely delicious, and her husband was silently sporting an immense erection at the sight. He could feel his own groin stirring, and simply knew that Caroline was going to have to take care of him when John and Anita retired to their room.

Reeves stuck his head in the door. "Your luggage is in your room, Mister Andrews. I took the privilege of taking your daughters' things down to the laundry room. We'll take care of that as soon as we get power back."
Chapter 10
Home - Top   Feedback to author


Home « rlfj's Page « The Storm Index « Previous - Settings
Chapter 10
Posted: January 12, 2004 - 02:19:44 pm

"Cory, get over here! Look at this!" Laurie waved to her sister.

"What now?"

"Get over here!"

Laurie was standing just outside the front door and looking through one of the sidelights. After finishing their snowman, the twins had decided to throw some more snowballs at Tony. Laughing and screaming, they had quickly learned to run and duck the snowblower output that he aimed at them. But after about a half hour, Tony had decided to head in and got in a final shot. Turning off the blower, he had angled the head almost vertical and driven past them, turning the blower on at the last moment before he passed. Snow had fountained up out of the chute ten feet above their heads and cascaded down onto them. Shrieking, they had escaped to the safety of the front porch. With the snow packed into their open collars and down the backs of their parkas, they shook what they could out and decided to head in and dry off.

"Get a load of this!", she called out to Cory.

"What?", asked Cory peevishly. "Let's go in. I'm freezing."

"No, look. It's Mom and Dad!"

Cory pushed her sister sideways and saw the sight of her life. Through the partially frosted glass of the sidelight she saw her parents walk into the foyer and start climbing the stairs. Her mother was wearing nothing but a shirt and high heels, and her father was walking beside her and running a hand over her ass!

"Holy shit!", said Cory.

"No shit.", agreed her sister. "Move over, you're blocking my view."

"I want to see."

"Go find your own window.", said Laurie, pushing Cory out of the way. Cory scurried to the other side of the door and looked in the other sidelight. She arrived in time to see their parents stop on the stairs. Her father pushed her mother's shirt up to her waist, then moistened a finger in his mouth, and ran it down the crack of her ass. Not only was Mom not wearing panties, but she reached back and spread her cheeks so that Dad could finger her asshole! When John inserted the finger into her ass, Anita gave a small shudder, then reached over and unzipped his pants. She fumbled his erection out of his pants and began to stroke him while standing on the stairs!. Then with her free hand she pulled her breasts from her shirt and the pair somewhat awkwardly climbed the stairs and turned the corner, leaving the line of sight as they headed towards their room.

"Did you see that!?", cried Laurie.

"Wow! They were really hot!", replied Cory.

"Holy shit!"

"Did you see how Mom was dressed. She didn't have any panties on!", said Cory.

"Or bra. Mom never dresses like that. Dad stuck his finger up her ass. How gross!"

Cory gagged an agreement. "Come on, let's go in. I'm freezing." The pair pushed open the door and shook themselves off in the foyer. "Let's follow them and see what happens next." She began to head for the stairs.

"Cory, your coat.", said Laurie removing her parka and hanging it in the closet. Cory ran back over and almost threw her parka in with her sister's, then led Laurie upstairs. At the top of the stairs they tiptoed down the hall. Looking around conspiratorially, they took turns kneeling and trying to peek through the keyhole, but the angle was wrong. Aside from muffled moans and groans, their spy mission was a bust. Standing, they dejectedly entered their own room.

"Crap. I was hoping to see them getting it on.", said Laurie. Then she sprinted into the bathroom. "First shower's mine!", she cried. She slammed the door on her sister.

"No fair, you had the first one this morning!", countered Cory, pounding on the door. "Anyway, I gotta pee."

Laurie stripped her clothes off and turned the shower on hot before relenting and unlocking the door. Outside the door, Cory had disrobed as well. When she heard the latch click open, she pushed in to find her twin already under the spray, so she sat on the toilet to take care of business. "Hurry up in there.", she groused.

"Tough luck. This feels great. I think I'll use up all the hot water.", laughed Laurie.

Cory wiped herself dry. "Bullshit!" Standing, she pulled open the shower door and stepped in with her sister.

"What? Get out of here!", protested Laurie.

"Fuck you.", said Cory conversationally. "I'm cold. Besides, this is big enough for both of us. It's not like we've never bathed together before."

"Well, then you can wash my back.", said Laurie, thrusting the soap into her sister's hands. "And shampoo my hair, too."

Grinning, Cory lathered the soap up and washed Laurie's backside all over. Laurie was getting a definite tingle from the gentle hands roaming her back and buttocks, and was slightly disappointed when Cory announced it was her turn. As she began to soap up Cory's back, she failed to notice Cory's eyes closing sensually and Cory's hands dipping between her legs. Cory began to gently probe her labia, lightly flicking against her clitoris. Cory kept replaying in her mind the scene of her parents groping each other in the hallway. Laurie had also been affected by the scene. Her nipples were as hard as pencil erasers, and her hands began to wrap around Cory's sides. Slowly she pressed her tingling pussy against her sister's backside and began to run her soap filled hands over her sister's erect nipples. First Cory, then Laurie shuddered in quiet orgasm.

As if coming out of a dream, the pair separated. Laurie looked down in horror at the hands which had been rubbing her sister's breasts. How could she have done such a thing? "God, Cory! I'm sorry. I didn't mean to..." She whimpered and began crying.

Cory wrapped Laurie in her arms and comforted her. "It's okay, it's alright. I know you didn't mean anything by it. It's okay.", she repeated over and over.

"But, but..."

"It's alright. I kind of enjoyed it. Didn't you?"

Laurie looked at Cory and in a small voice said, "Yeah. You did?"

"Um, hmm." Cory smiled. "Maybe if I'd been the first one in the shower, I'd have ended up playing with your tits instead."

Laurie was shocked at this thought and drew back. "Does this mean we're, uh, queer?"

"I don't think so.", said Cory, smiling. "I think it simply means I love my twin sister." She wrapped her arms around Laurie and gave her a fierce hug.

Laurie hugged Cory back. "I love you, too, sis."

"Come on, let's get dressed. We can listen to Mom and Dad fucking." Cory laughed and turned off the water.

"Yeah, was that weird or what?", asked Laurie, stepping from the bath. She handed a towel to Cory and began drying herself off with a second.

"Totally."

When they were dry, they wrapped their towels around themselves and went into the bedroom. Since they still didn't have their suitcases, they began to explore drawers and closets for something to wear. Most of the drawers were full of linen and blankets. Cory found a pair of long terry robes in the closet. Slipping her towel off, she put one of the robes on and carried the other to her sister. Laurie was laying face down on her bed, face over the edge, looking at something. "Here, put this on.", she told Laurie.

"Look at this.", said Laurie.

Cory went around the bed to find Laurie looking through the bottom drawer of her nightstand. "What is it?", she asked. In response, Laurie pulled out a pair of dildos and held them up. "Are those what I think they are?", she asked.

"Uh, huh.", said Laurie. "Jan Brinkmeyer showed me one after school once. She said it was hers."

"She would, the slut. Man, this is just too weird." Cory laid the extra robe down beside her and took one of the dildos from Laurie. It was a very large model, made of soft, flesh-toned rubber, in the shape of an erect penis, with two large rubber testicles underneath. "This thing is huge!"

"Think it's as big as Dad?", asked Laurie.

"Christ, how should I know?"

"Well you saw it when Mom pulled it out on the stairs, too.", rejoined Laurie.

"Yeah, but not up close and personal like this. This could never fit inside me.", Cory commented.

Just then the twins heard Anita moaning from across the hallway. Muted cries of 'Harder, John, harder!' were faintly but clearly heard.

"Holy shit, don't they ever stop?", asked Laurie.

Cory lay back on the bed and tugged the robe closer around herself. "God that makes me so hot! If it was night I'd start playing with myself, like last night."

"So what's stopping you?"

"What, you want me to diddle myself right now, right here?", asked a shocked Cory.

"Why not! Who says the lights have to be off?" A loud 'Fuck me' came through the door. Laurie pulled open her towel and began caressing her silky pubic hair. "I want to."

Cory silently agreed. As she watched her sister use one hand to spread her pussy lips and the other to rapidly frig her clit, she spread her legs and opened her robe and imitated Laurie. In short order, both girls were quietly moaning and writhing on the bed, in orgasm.

"Oh, God, that felt good.", said Laurie, gasping. "I wonder what a cock feels like.", she asked as she sagged back into the sheets.

"Well, just try out Mister Wonderful over there and find out.", smirked Cory, pointing at the huge pink dildo.

"Christ, that's grotesque!"

"Well, what else is in that drawer?", asked Cory, crawling over beside her sister. Laurie hung her head back over the edge of the bed and reached into the open drawer.

"Let's see now. Some baby oil..." Laurie began to pull out items and hand them to Cory. "A pair of handcuffs."

"Ooh, yuck.", commented Cory.

"Two videotapes, let's see now, Deep Throat 2 and Debbie Duz Dishes."

"Jeez."

"And what I think is Mister Wonderful's big brother.", finished Laurie, holding up a two foot long, double-headed dildo. It was slim, made of flesh colored rubber, and was fairly flexible. It was shaped like two erect penises butted end to end. Laurie handed it to Cory as if it was a Amazonian python.

"Holy shit!", exclaimed Cory. "Who in God's name could take this thing?"

"I don't know, but from what I do know, this thing is anatomically impossible!"

Cory stared at the monstrous toy intently. "Uh, Laurie, notice anything funny about this thing?"

"Like what? The whole thing is funny, in a way."

"No look, it has two ends." Holding each end, she wiggled the fake penis heads at her sister.

"Weird. If one end goes, well, you know, then where does the other end, um, go?", she stammered out, staring at the double dong. The two gave this some thought. Finally Cory tried bending the dong in two.

"Doesn't bend enough.", she murmured.

"It doesn't bend enough for what?", asked Laurie.

Cory lowered her voice conspiratorially. "Jamie Waterston told me once that she had spied on her older brother one night when he was watching some dirty movies with his buddies. She said that in one of them, one of the actors did it to one of the actresses in her asshole."

Laurie's eyes opened wide. "No way! She couldn't have!"

"Hey, I'm just telling you what she told me. The way she described it, it sounded like he was fucking her asshole."

"Gross!", said Laurie, making a gagging noise. "So that's why you tried to bend it over."

"Yeah. You'd have to bend it almost in half, and it won't bend enough."

"So where does the other end go?"

"I'm not real sure.", continued Cory. "But Jamie also told me that in those movies, the actresses sometimes got it on without a guy."

"What, like two women? You mean, like one end could go in one girl and the other in another? That's sick!"

"Like I said, I'm not sure. Jamie never said anything about this sort of thing.", said Cory, wiggling the dildo.

"Well, put that thing away. Jeez!"

It had been quiet across the hallway for several minutes by then and Cory commented on it. "Think they've finished?"

"I don't know. Listening to them really got me hot, you know? You hear them at night?"

"All the time. You'll have to sneak in some time.", said Cory with a superior smile on her face.

Laurie picked up the two dildos. "Well, Dad can't be as big as Mister Wonderful here.", she said, tossing the larger one back in the drawer. "I wonder if he's this big?", she asked, holding the smaller model. It was about six inches long, about an inch wide, and made of smooth, white plastic.

"I don't know, maybe. It's bigger than any I've ever seen.", replied her sister.

"Oh yeah? And just how many have you seen?"

Cory blushed. "A bunch."

"How many?"

Cory stammered out, "Two."

"Yeah, whose?"

Cory lay down on the bed and rolled over on her stomach. "Well the first one I ever saw was Billy Hanks'. We went to the drive-in last summer and he started feeling me up, trying to rub my tits and lift my skirt. When I told him I wasn't that kind of girl, he unzipped his pants and pulled it out. He was begging for me to jerk him off."

"So? What happened?"

"So nothing happened. I punched him in the balls and made him drive me home.", said Cory.

"I wondered why you two broke up. What a pig! So who was number two?"

Cory smiled slyly. "Bobby."

"Bobby? Bobby Jacobs?", asked an amazed Laurie.

"Well, I mean, we have been going steady for two months. The first time was a few weeks ago. We were necking down in his basement. He had my blouse open and was kissing my tits, and was trying to feel me up through my jeans. When I stopped him, he said I was getting him all worked up for nothing. So I had him pull it out and I guess I gave him a hand job."

"You guess? You're not sure?"

"Well, I mean, I touched it and all, but he started spurting and coming almost as soon as I touched it.", finished Cory.

"So, how big was he?", asked Laurie.

"About the size of this thing, maybe a little smaller.", said Cory, picking up the white dildo. "So have you ever seen one?"

"Just one, Jerry's. We go over to his house to study after school, and if his Mom is out we like to neck and pet."

"Have you two... ?"

"Nah. But I did let him get his finger into my panties a couple of times. And I've jerked him off four times, too.", said Laurie, proudly. "He's a little smaller than this size too." Just then, the pair heard renewed copulation coming from their parents room across the hallway. "Christ, don't they ever stop! Here, give me that thing." Laurie grabbed the artificial penis from her sister and rolled onto her back. Drawing her knees up, she spread her labia with the fingers of one hand, and began to probe her vagina with the dildo.

"Wow!", said Cory. "What's it like?"

"Kinda neat.", said her twin. Laurie lay naked on her back and began to slowly push the dildo inside her. Her breasts and nipples were firm and erect. After a few minutes she had the entire length inside her pussy. "It's sort of tight, but it feels real good, too."

Then the unexpected happened. While pushing the dildo into herself a second time, her fingers slipped on the slickly wet plastic and twisted the base of the dildo. A hidden switch closed and the dildo began to hum and vibrate inside her. "Oh God!", she cried out.

Cory tried to pull the vibrator out of her sister, but Laurie pushed her hands away. "Oh, God, that feels good." Laurie was forced to bite her lip to keep from crying out in pleasure. Moaning, she clamped her thighs together and began furiously rubbing her clit, writhing and twisting on the bed. Cory watched in amazement as her sister thrashed on the bed, repeating her cries of "Oh, God!" After only a few minutes, Laurie arched her back off the bed and went stiff. The dildo slipped from her crotch and she sagged downward, soaked in sweat.

The vibrator's hum was much louder outside of Laurie's pussy. Grabbing it, Laurie twisted the base until it stopped. "Cory, that was simply the most amazing thing that ever happened to me!", she said urgently and quietly.

"Wow! I guess so. You went fucking nuts!"

"It was like my entire pussy was throbbing. Jerry never made me come like that with his finger. You gotta try this out."

Cory looked nervously eager. "Uh, okay, but you've got to show me how." She loosened her robe and laid back on the bed. Like her sister before her, she spread her legs and drew her knees up slightly, then spread her pussy lips with her fingers.

Laurie experimented with the vibrator and found a low speed setting. As their new-found friend hummed quietly, she placed the tip against Cory's clit. Cory jumped slightly, then grinned wildly. Her hips began thrusting up and against the vibrator. "Oh, neat! Put it in.", she asked.

Still on the low speed setting, Laurie placed the end of the vibrator into the opening of Cory's vagina. It only went in about an inch before it seemed to snag on something. Cory was about to complain of some pain, when Laurie pushed harder and shoved the dildo inside. Cory sat bolt upright with tears in her eyes.

"Owww! That hurt!", she cried.

Laurie yanked the dildo out and turned it off. "Are you all right?", she asked. Looking between her sister's legs, she saw a faint trickle of blood running out of Cory's pussy.

"I'll be okay, I guess.", said Cory. "What happened?"

"I think I popped your cherry.", said Laurie.

"My cherry? What do you mean?"

"Your cherry, your hymen, you know. I think I broke it."

"So how come you didn't hurt?"

Laurie had to think that one over. "I don't think I had one. Remember that time I was riding my bike and the seat broke? I ended up in the emergency room? I guess we were about ten." Cory nodded in remembrance. "Well the doctor said something to Mom about no permanent damage to me. I was bleeding down there, but I hadn't started my periods yet. Maybe I popped my cherry then. Are you going to be all right?", she asked.

Cory sat up and looked down between her thighs and saw that the trickle of blood had slowed considerably. The sting was gone and now she only had a mild soreness. "Yeah, I'll be all right. At least I had the robe under me. I wouldn't want to ruin the spread."

Laurie climbed off the bed and held a hand out to her sister. "Come on. Let's take another shower. This time you can wash my tits off."
Chapter 11
Home - Top   Feedback to author


Home « rlfj's Page « The Storm Index « Previous - Settings
Chapter 11
Posted: January 16, 2004 - 11:28:18 am

The Andrews and the Jensons began to gather in the Great Room about 6:30 for dinner. Caroline had explained the house rules about dressing for dinner to Anita, and she had told the rest of her family. First Malcolm came in dressed in a blazer, slacks, and a tie, then John came downstairs dressed much the same. The twins and Caroline came in together, having met in the hallway upstairs. Caroline was wearing a full length gray cocktail dress, low cut but with a lace insert covering her abundant cleavage. Cory and Laurie had found similar mini-dresses among Caroline's loaners, with flirty hemlines and halter tops. Anita arrived last. Conversation stopped when Anita entered the Great Room and walked up to the bar where her husband was sitting.

"Wow, Mom, you look hot!", said Laurie.

"Forgive the language, Anita,", said Malcolm, "but I have to agree with your daughter. You look absolutely stunning."

Anita smiled and pirouetted. Her outfit accented her every positive feature, of which there were many. She was wearing a very tight white leather miniskirt which only barely covered the tops of her sheer stockings. The stockings highlighted her shapely legs, right down to the four inch white spike heels she had on. A matching white leather bustier, very low cut, pushed her D cup breasts up and out, so that seeming acres of freckled flesh were exposed. Over the bustier top she wore a short white leather bolero jacket. Her makeup was done lightly but perfectly, and her perfume was intoxicating to both John and Malcolm. Anita carefully climbed onto a barstool next to John and seductively crossed her legs. Reaching over, she placed a balled up fist in John's blazer pocket and withdrew it, empty. "You like it?", she asked.

"I should say so!", said John. He reached into his pocket to see what his wife had placed there. Realizing what it was, he jerked his hand out like it had been bitten and glanced at Anita. She simply grinned back. "When did you get that?", he asked.

"Oh, about a month ago.", she said. "I got it for this trip."

"You were going to go out in that?", asked Cory. "With us?"

Anita laughed at her daughter's discomfiture. "No silly. I was going to go out in this with your father."

"Huh?", said John.

"Well, it's your fault.", she replied. "You were the one who said the girls could have their own hotel room this time. I figured if they were old enough to stay by themselves, they were old enough to stay out of trouble some night when you took me to dinner."

Laurie and Cory understood this to mean that Mom had been planning on seducing Dad some night when they weren't around. They also realized that she had probably brought something other than her regular flannel nightgowns, now that they weren't going to be in the same room all the time.

"I think I'm jealous.", said Caroline. "I'm the tallest woman here, with the longest legs, and I'm the one wearing the long dress. You look smashing."

"Thank you.", said Anita to her audience, then repeated herself to Malcolm as he handed her a martini.

"Let's go check on dinner.", said Caroline to Anita. Anita carefully slid off the barstool. Discretely pulling down her skirt, she followed Caroline out into the hallway, glass in hand. Laurie and Cory climbed onto the barstools as Malcolm mixed them some soft drinks.

Out in the foyer, Caroline whispered to Anita, "This must be Phase 2?"

"Yep.", said Anita. "Phase 3 comes after the girls are in bed and it's time for some brandy."

"You've got something special planned?"

"You'll see.", said Anita, grinning.

"Fantastic. How did Phase 1 go?"

"Super. We almost didn't make it down here it dinner.", said Anita as they entered the dining room.

Earlier, Caroline had outlined a plan to Anita to ensure John's undivided attention throughout the day. Phase 1 had involved the 'accidental' spill of the coffee and the subsequent kitchen striptease. Phases 2 and 3 involved how Anita would dress for dinner and brandy.

"Tell me all about it.", said Caroline, as they sat down at the dining table.

"Well, after we left the kitchen this afternoon, John couldn't keep his hands off of me. On the stairs, heading back to our room, he pulled that shirt up to my waist."

"You're kidding me.", said Caroline.

"No. He stuck his middle finger right up my asshole, then had me pull my tits out of the shirt and start giving him a handjob right there on the stairs!", Anita exclaimed.

"Wow! So tell me. I want every sordid and kinky detail."

"I'm going to. It was great. There we were, walking back to our room, him with his finger up my ass and me yanking on his johnson. Once we get to the room, he closes the door and marched me right over to the dresser, that one with the big mirror. Then, while he was still fingering my asshole, he simply pushes my legs apart and sticks it in from behind."

"That is so hot!", exclaimed Caroline. Beneath her dress she could feel her pussy juices flowing.

"It really was.", agreed Anita. "God, I just came and came and came. Then after John came, he had me strip off the shirt and marched me to the bed. And all that time he was pushing his finger in and out of my ass. He was still hard, too. Then I had to kneel on the bed and he climbed on top. Guess what he did next?"

"What, tell me!"

"He fucked me again.", said Anita, her eyes shining. "He pulled his finger out and stuffed his cock in there."

"No! He fucked you in the ass?"

"Did he ever! All nine inches. I'm still tingling back there."

"Wow! So what happened then?"

Anita sipped her drink and continued her story. "Well, we ended up taking a nap. I know I was worn out. Anyway, I woke about five or so and took a shower and began to dress. John took a shower right after me and dressed in the bathroom. When he came out he was dressed up just like he is now. All I've got on is my stockings, shoes, and panties, and I'm doing my makeup. I swear to God, John just walks up to me, lifts me off the stool, sets me on the vanity, whips his cock out, spreads my legs, pulls my panties aside, and starts fucking me again. He just fucked the living shit out of me!"

"What a stud!", exclaimed Caroline.

"Yeah, really. After I come about ten times, John comes. Then, like nothing has happened, he tucks himself back in his pants, gives me a kiss, and comes down here. Wham-bam-thank you ma'am."

"Well, let me tell you, watching you two leave to go upstairs and screw definitely turned me on."

Well,", asked Anita. "Did you follow our lead?"

"I took Malcolm by the hand and led him up the back stairs to our room. I think we set the new world speed record for undressing. We simply sixty-nined the rest of the afternoon."

"All afternoon?"

"I lost track of the times he came in my mouth and I came on his tongue. It was wonderful!"

"Wow!"

Caroline let out a loud laugh. "So what'd you stick in his pocket, your panties?"

Anita grinned and pulled the front of her dress up, flashing her naked gash at Caroline. "Yup." The pair started to laugh hysterically just as the rest of the dinner party entered the room.

"What's so funny?", asked John.

"Girl talk.", said Anita and Caroline in unison. "Just girl talk." They began to laugh again.
Chapter 12
Home - Top   Feedback to author


Home « rlfj's Page « The Storm Index « Previous - Settings
Chapter 12
Posted: January 19, 2004 - 01:15:28 pm

Dinner went much like the previous night. Reeves poured everyone wine and Anita relented to allow the twins to have some. Phoebe grumpily set out a large pot roast and vegetables, much to everyone's amusement. Since the only other meal anyone had had was brunch, they were famished. The roast was rapidly demolished. Then the sextet went into the Great Room, where Jeanine served coffee.

By mid-evening, Laurie and Cory said they were tired, and Anita and Caroline excused themselves to settle the girls in. After they had seen the pair to their room and closed the door, Caroline turned to Anita and asked, "Phase 3?"

"Phase 3. Go get your stuff and we can change in my room."

Caroline skipped down to the master bedroom and grabbed a small pile of clothing she had set aside in her closet. She went back down the hallway to John's and Anita's room and tapped quietly on the door.

"Door's open."

Caroline entered to find Anita undressing. Barefoot, Anita had removed the jacket and was fumbling behind her back with the zipper to her bustier. The zipper was down but apparently stuck, and Anita's large breasts jutted from her chest in the light of the lantern.

"Let me help you with that.", said Caroline, moving behind Anita. Anita let go of the zipper and held the front of the bustier while Caroline unsnagged the zipper and undid the top. Then Caroline unzipped Anita's skirt. Anita allowed the skirt to slide down her legs, then lifted one leg out of it, lifting it to her hands with the other foot.

"Okay, turn around. I'll do you.", Anita said. Caroline complied and Anita unsnapped the top catch and unzipped the cocktail dress. Moments later both women were facing each other wearing nothing but their stockings.

Caroline's bald pussy began to moisten at the site of the beautiful woman before her. Still, she told herself, the time wasn't ripe yet. Anita plopped down on the edge of the bed and began to peel off her stockings.

"God, I felt so horny down there!", said Anita. "If it hadn't been for you two and the girls, I think I would have just unzipped John and screwed him right then and there!"

"I know. I saw you sitting in front of him. Every time the girls weren't looking you spread your knees and flashed him." Caroline laughed and sat down in an armchair and began to remove her stockings. "Neither John nor Malcolm could take their eyes off of you. You really had them going, honey."

Anita looked up, worried. "Malcolm, you mean Malcolm was getting..."

"Turned on? Big time, Anita, big time."

"Uh, gee, I mean, I didn't..."

Caroline laughed again. "Don't worry about it. That was the purpose of all this, remember, to get the guys revved up for later. We'll put those hardons to good use later on. Now tell me, is John really nine inches long?"

Anita grinned and giggled. "Secretariat should be so lucky."

Caroline laughed. "Yes, but size isn't everything. Does he know what to do with it?"

Anita rolled her eyes. "Oh, Lord, and how!" The naked women laughed together. "Come on, let's get ready." As they began to dress, Anita considered what Caroline had said about dinner and brandyÖ

"Malcolm can be kind of stuffy at times.", Caroline had said. "I mean, he's the one who thinks we need to dress for a formal dinner every evening." They were in the master bedroom as Caroline helped Anita prepare for the snowmobile expedition to the wrecked car.

"Well it won't be so bad.", remarked Anita. "We would have had to go out to eat anyway, right."

"Yes, you would have, but not us. I mean, it's sort of silly when it's just him and me. Sunday night or something is just fine if you want to get dolled up for a formal meal, but not seven nights a week."

Anita sympathized with Caroline. "I guess so. No wonder you've got so many nice things."

"I really surprised Malcolm last summer, though.", said Caroline. "I was out sunning myself by the pool and lost track of time. When Jeanine announced dinner I had enough time to slip on my sandals and run in. Malcolm was in a blazer and ascot, and I was wearing a bikini and high heeled sandals."

"So did he make you go change?", asked Anita.

"He suggested it, but I said no, I was starving, and marched into the dining room. He didn't know what to say, and just ended up following along. All during dinner he just kept staring at me, not really knowing what to say. I just smiled sweetly at him the entire time, knowing this is driving him crazy. You'll never believe what he told me."

"What?"

Caroline said, "He finally says, over coffee, that he hopes my wet swimsuit isn't ruining the upholstery." Both women laughed uproariously at this.

"That's it?", asked Anita. "He was worried about the chair?"

"I know. Isn't that so lame? But that wasn't the end of it."

"Oh."

"No.", said Caroline. "As soon as he said that I had a really wicked idea. I told Reeves he was dismissed. As soon as he had left, I told Malcolm that he was right, that I had been thoughtless. Then I stood up and took off my bikini and sat back down again."

"In the dining room? With the servants there?", gasped Anita.

Caroline shyly smiled. "Well, they weren't there at the moment. Besides, servants know everything anyway. That part was no big deal. But Malcolm's jaw almost hit the floor. Then I stood and came around to his chair. He started to push the chair back and stand up, but I just pushed him back down and crawled into his lap. We finished our coffee that way, me sitting naked in his lap."

"Then what?", asked Anita.

Caroline proudly stated, "Then I unzipped his pants and fucked him right there in that chair."

"Cool!", said Anita, approvingly. Caroline thought to herself that this was only a small white lie. The incident hadn't occurred last year, but quite a few years ago. Since then she and Malcolm had dined in this fashion numerous times, rarely dismissing the servants when they did. Now, when she felt the occasion right, she simply would dress for dinner in stockings, heels, and perhaps a top or blouse. When she entered the dining room, Malcolm would comment on her outfit and she would simply reply that she had been so hurried, she had simply forgotten her skirt or dress, then sit down on his lap and be served. By the time coffee and dessert were served, Malcolms firm cock was invariably ensconced in her pussy or ass.

"In a way, that's what made me start our evening ritual.", said Caroline.

"What do you mean? What evening ritual?", asked Anita.

"Well, Malcolm wants to dine formally, so I made it sort of a quid pro quo. We dine formally, then later before bed, I come downstairs in a nightgown and we watch television together before we go upstairs. We'll have a brandy together and watch the news or something, then go to bed."

"That sounds like fun. I'm sorry that we've interrupted your evenings.", said Anita.

Caroline looked at Anita. "You know, we don't have to stop just because you're here."

"What do you mean?"

"Well, you could join me. We could both get dressed up and meet them downstairs for a late night brandy."

Anita demurred. "I couldn't."

"Sure you could.", said Caroline, warming to the idea. "Don't tell me you didn't bring something nice and lacy for when you and John were alone. Didn't you say that the girls had their own room this trip?"

"Well, yes.", admitted Anita.

"And you can borrow some of my stuff, if you need to.", insisted Caroline. "It doesn't have to be fancy. Lot's of nights, I simply wear black stockings, high heels, and a silk robe. Oh, come on, it'll be fun."

"Well, only if you're sure. Why don't you check with Malcolm first?", Anita said grudgingly.

"I will. It won't be a problem, I know. And besides, this is a great way to get your hubby warmed up for later. I know that, too!"

Anita grinned. "It is, huh?"

Caroline nodded in the affirmative. "More than a few nights, Malcolm and I haven't made it off the couch without screwing each other silly."

Anita was pleased to see John's eyes bug out when she and Caroline had walked together into the room. She and Caroline had dressed carefully for their entrance. Caroline, as advertised, had worn long and sheer black stockings, black ankle-strapped high heels, and a long and sheer, but opaque, floor length robe, tightly belted at the waist. Anita had indeed packed several interesting nightgowns for the trip. The one she had chosen was a pale green peignoir set that set off her hair nicely. The gown was extremely sheer and transparent, and plunged on tiny straps between her breasts, barely covering the nipples. The matching robe was only slightly less transparent, so that as long as she wore it her private parts were adequately hidden. Not expecting to wear this in a public setting, she had no shoes to go with it, but Caroline had a pair of three inch heeled fluffy slippers which matched the color closely. They had both touched up their hair and makeup in a more provocative manner.

"John, you're drawing flies.", giggled Anita.

Her husband stammered and slammed his open mouth shut as Malcolm exclaimed, "Outstanding! Exquisite!", from his place at the bar.

The two women waltzed into the room and seated themselves, Anita next to her husband on the couch and Caroline perching herself on the padded arm of a large armchair. Anita snuggled up against her husband and kissed him on the cheek. John didn't know what to say, but his head swiveled back and forth between Anita, whose ample charms were apparent beneath the peignoir, and Caroline, whose long stocking clad legs protruded through the front of her silk robe.

Malcolm picked up two snifters from the bar and, reaching over it, snagged a small bottle of brandy. Walking to the others, he kissed his wife on the forehead, and said, "I'm so glad that you convinced Anita and John to join us in our nightly custom, my dear." He poured brandy for the ladies and freshened his and John's snifters, then seated himself in the armchair. Caroline stood and came around to his front, then decorously sat on his lap, crossing her legs. She did not however, rearrange her robe, so that a considerable length of thigh was visible to the group.

John started at this. "What custom? What do you mean you convinced me?", he asked.

"Settle down, dear, it's all right.", said Anita. She snuggled against John's side and lifted his arm around her shoulders. When she had him properly positioned, his hand was dangling over her breasts.

"I thought you understood, John. I mean, that's why our ladies are dressed this way.", said Malcolm in a confused tone.

Caroline and Anita laughed. "No,", said Caroline. "We decided to surprise you two."

"I guess it worked.", agreed Anita. As she laughed, her bosom brushed her husband's fingertips. He jerked them up as if burned, only to have Anita and Caroline laugh even more. He settled his arm back down, lower, so that he was resting his hand on her arm.

"No, nobody said anything.", he said. Anita and Caroline continued to laugh.

"Let me explain.", said Malcolm. wrapping his arms around his wife's waist. Caroline leaned back against him and smiled contentedly. "We have a few customs in the household. One of them is the formal dinners, another is this. Most nights, Caroline puts on a negligee or nightgown and comes down here, where we have brandy or cognac before retiring. That's all. I had thought that during your stay with us, that we would have to put this on hold, but I see now that we won't."

Caroline commented, "Malcolm is very much a creature of habit, I'm afraid."

Malcolm shrugged in acceptance of the statement, then hugged his wife against him. She simply smiled and closed her eyes briefly.

"John, you used to like me to dress this way in the evenings.", said Anita, pouting.

"What?!", sputtered John.

"Don't you remember, dear? I'm so disappointed." She turned her head to the Jensons. "Why, after we got married, before the girls came along, John liked me to dress this way after dinner."

"Anita, that was different!"

Anita went on, undeterred. "In fact, as I recall, his favorite outfit was like yours, Caroline. Only without the robe."

As John sputtered a protest and the Jensons laughed, Anita tilted her head up and kissed her husband on the cheek. "That's all right, dear. I know that as you get old, you get forgetful."

"Well, I suppose it's all right.", said John to Malcolm. "We really don't want to impose." Anita kissed his cheek again, then surreptitiously licked his earlobe. John's head jerked and he made a face at his wife. She serenely ignored it.

"Please, John. Haven't I already said, it's no imposition? Really, it's growing rather tiresome to have to remind you.", said Malcolm with a smile. "Consider our regular situation, alone up here in the woods. One reason for my little rituals is to remind us that we are members of an outside world and society, that ladies and gentlemen dress for dinner. Otherwise, we'd probably just go to pot and live like hermits."

"Perhaps so.", said John. He looked over at Caroline, the lace tops of her stockings clearly visible, then down at Anita. Beneath the open top of her robe he could see one large erect nipple had popped out of her top and was now only hidden by the ruffle of her robe's collar. "Still, you've got to admit that this little ritual isn't all that common out in the real world."

Malcolm smiled back. "Perhaps not. Or perhaps, unfortunately not. I, for one, see nothing wrong with having conversation with two such beautiful women, especially when dressed as they are. Do you?"

John smiled back. "I guess not."

"Up dear.", said Malcolm, and Caroline climbed off of his lap. Anita noted that Malcolm had a significant erection down one pants leg. Malcolm refreshed everyone's glasses and then settled back down in the chair. Anita saw that somehow Malcolm had adjusted himself so that his erection was now pointing north. Caroline sat back in his lap and smiled at what she was sitting on.

For her part, Anita was relatively silent the rest of the evening. She let Malcolm and John do most of the talking, content to snuggle seductively against her husband. She drew up her outside knee and half turned, draping it over his thigh. She could tell that her lover also had an erect cock down his pants, but refused to allow him to maneuver it to a more comfortable position. Instead, she tormented him by whispering to him. "John, I want you." "John, my pussy is wet." "John, I need some cock." At each new whisper, she could feel his penis throb against her leg.

By the end of the evening, a steady trickle of sweat was running down John Andrews back. Caroline stood and rearranged her robe, as it had begun to gape open down the front to well below her breasts. Anita stood and surreptitiously brought both nipples back inside the gown. Hand in hand, she and John walked up the stairs to their room, John carrying a candle lantern before them.

"Woman, you are going to pay for that.", he told her.

"I certainly hope so.", replied Anita.
Chapter 13
Home - Top   Feedback to author


Home « rlfj's Page « The Storm Index « Previous - Settings
Chapter 13
Posted: January 22, 2004 - 09:48:05 pm

Alone in their room, Laurie and Cory dimmed their lantern. Stripping their clothes off, they ignored Caroline's loaned nighties and sat cross-legged, facing each other on Laurie's bed. The contents of the drawer was unceremoniously dumped between them, as they examined and discussed each item. Both girls were extremely turned on by the vibrators and dildos, their firm, conical breasts topped by small but erect nipples, and their tight, young pussies were fairly dripping with juice. Finally Laurie whispered, "God, I've just got to come!", and flopped down on the bed. Grabbing the small vibrator, she turned it on high speed and began to rub the tip in a circle around her clit. As she began to moan, she spread her labia with her fingers and pushed the intruder well into her cunt. As Cory stared, Laurie began using both hands to thrust the vibrator in and out of her pussy, her breasts jiggling like firm Jell-O as her pelvis shuddered under the assault. Cory propped her head up on her arm and began to probe her own pussy with her free fingers and watched. Minutes later, Laurie's entire body began to spasm, as she lifted her ass right off the bed and thrust the dildo deep inside her and held it there. Her mouth was open in a silent moan as she collapsed back onto the bed and withdrew the vibrator, turning it off. "Oh, God!", she murmured repeatedly to her sister.

"Wow! That was really something!", commented Cory. "Let me try that." She reached for the small vibrator in Laurie's hand.

"Are you sure?", asked Laurie. "What about this afternoon?"

"I'm not going to stick it in.", assured her sister. "I just want to rub my pussy with it. I'm feeling much better now, anyway."

"Okay, but be careful."

"Yeah. Here,", said Cory, handing her the large rubber cock. "You can make friends with Mister Wonderful."

As Cory lay down on her back and spread her legs, Laurie looked at the enormous, flesh colored cock. "I don't think so.", she commented. Cory had already turned the vibrator on slow speed and was rubbing her pussy lips with it when Laurie picked up the double dong. "But this might fit."

Laurie lay down next to her sister and placed the head of one end at her pussy. Spreading her knees wide, she maneuvered the head into herself. After about an inch was in, she stopped, gasping. "This is a lot bigger.", she grunted out.

"Take it slow.", said Cory, watching through half closed eyes. She had already turned the vibrator's speed up to about half way and was in the midst of a very pleasurable orgasm.

Slowly, Laurie moved the dong inwards. Over the next ten minutes, she had shoved the better part of a foot of the dildo inside her cunt. She marveled at how wet she was, and at how hot and tight the dong felt. By the time she began to slowly thrust the dildo in and out, Cory had her new playmate humming at high speed, with the tip firmly held against her clitoris.

Cory shut off the vibrator and collapsed against her sister's side, shuddering in mind-numbing orgasm. She watched as Laurie madly thrust the dildo in and out, as Laurie's pussy made loud and wet 'slurping' noises. Finally, Laurie came again, massively, and pulled out the slickly wet dildo. Exhausted the pair pushed the toys onto the floor. Cory blew out the lantern and they crawled into bed together, hugging each other.

It was Cory who woke first. Mumbling, she said to herself, "Don't they ever stop?"

"Hmm, what?", said Laurie, rubbing her eyes.

"I said, 'Don't they ever stop?'", Cory answered. "Mom and Dad, I mean."

Laurie sat upright in the bed, the covers slipping off her naked form. She looked over at her sister in the moonlight streaming through the window. "Why did you wake me? What time is it?"

"I didn't wake you.", argued Cory. "They woke you.", she said, pointing over her shoulder with her thumb at the door.

"They're at it again? Don't they ever stop?"

"That's what I said." Cory climbed out of bed and went to the lantern on the dresser. Lighting a match, she held her watch up. "It's almost midnight."

"Jesus, they're really going at it.", commented Laurie. "Is Mom always this loud?"

From across the hall, they could hear their mother loudly crying out in the throes of orgasm. Over and over, they could hear her crying out, 'Fuck me! Fuck me! Fuck me!' while their father gasped and grunted. Like the earlier sessions they had overheard, this one quieted for only a few minutes, till it renewed in intensity as their parents had another go.

"I'm getting horny all over again.", said Cory.

"What to play with your new friend some more?"

"Yeah. Just let me turn some light on." Cory lit the lantern and turned the wick down. Laurie had the small vibrator ready for her when she crawled back into bed. Cory promptly assumed the position, flat on her back with her knees up and spread, and began to place the dildo at her pussy lips. "I think I'm going inside with this.", she announced.

"Be careful.", said Laurie. "Remember this afternoon."

"I'll be just fine.", said Cory, turning on the vibration. Cory felt in excellent shape as she slowly probed her vagina with the plastic penis. The pain of breaking her hymen was completely past. In actuality, she thought, it had been no worse than a bad paper cut, simply shocking in its appearance and placement. Now the quietly humming toy sent her pussy in spasms of delight and wonder. After only a few minutes she moaned lowly and came.

Across the hallway, Anita and John were building to another loud and noisy climax. "Let me try.", said Laurie.

"Uh, uh.", said Cory. "You had this all afternoon. It's my turn for awhile." So saying she stuffed the vibrator rapidly up her pussy and turned the speed to the maximum setting. Her hips began to thrash wildly on the bed clothes as she whimpered, "Help me."

"What? What's wrong?" Laurie moved her hands to her sister's pussy, intent on removing the dildo.

"No, it's okay.", said Cory.

Laurie removed her dripping fingers from Cory's crotch. "Then what?"

"Rub my tits.", pleaded Cory.

"Huh?"

"Like this afternoon, in the shower. Rub my tits and nipples.", begged Cory.

Laurie grinned shyly in the low light, and began to lightly and delicately trace circles around her sister's trembling breasts. Cory began to immediately whimper her pleasure. "Oh, that's so good! Don't stop, don't stop!", she whispered, her eyes tightly closed, her face a mask of joy.

Laurie began to increase the pressure she was giving to her sister's erect nipples when a wicked thought came to her mind. Remembering how much she enjoyed Jerry licking her nipples, she bent down. Extending her tongue, Laurie began to gently lick at the tips of Cory's nipples, alternating from one breast to the other. Cory began to softly cry out, "Yes, yes!" Before they were done, Cory was hammering the well-used vibrator into and out of her hot and drenched cunt, and Laurie was taking a breast as far into her mouth as she could, sucking voraciously, as she pinched and fondled the other.

They were laying on the bed, spent, when a tap on the door roused them. "Are you girls all right in there?", asked Anita.

The twins scrambled around, shoving toys off the bed and scrambling into their proper beds. "Just fine, Mom!", called out Cory, blowing out the lantern. "We were just talking." The two giggled to each other as their mother went back across the hallway. They curled up in their beds and went to sleep.
Chapter 14
Home - Top   Feedback to author


Home « rlfj's Page « The Storm Index « Previous - Settings
Chapter 14
Posted: January 26, 2004 - 03:04:29 pm

Anita woke first. Rousing herself, she viewed in the morning light the remains of the previous night's passion. Her and Caroline's plan had succeeded beyond her wildest dreams. As soon as they had entered their room, John had set the lantern down on the dresser and pushed her back onto the bed. She had simply laid there, propped up on her elbows, hungrily eyeing him as he undid his pants and whipped out his immense cock. Without even removing his clothes he had climbed between her legs. Then tearing the nightgown from collar to hem, he had stuffed her pussy with his erection, slamming it in full speed. From the first instant his cockhead had slipped into her cunt, she had begun coming, a long and seemingly endless orgasm that continued through a marathon fuck session. This wasn't making love; this was raw animal passion. John hadn't stopped fucking her and spraying her pussy walls with his seed until well after midnight, when, exhausted, they had finally collapsed in each other's arms.

Now Anita surveyed the battlegrounds with pride and humor. The bedclothes were strewn on the floor at the foot of the bed, and even the sheet they were sleeping on was pulled up at one corner. John's clothes were everywhere after she had stripped him during their second fuck. Her peignoir was in gauzy shreds by the pillows. It had been new and expensive, she thought, but well worth the price! Caroline's bedroom slippers were by the door where she had slipped them off as they entered the room.

Now, John snored lightly, sprawled on his back in the center of the bed, dried come and pussy juice matting his pubic hairs. Anita looked down at her own body. She, too, was covered with their dried and mixed juices, from her deep navel down to her thighs. She could also see the marks of passion on her breasts, love bites and finger marks, and even the beginnings of a hickey around her left nipple. She sighed contentedly and slipped into the bathroom.

This morning, Anita eschewed the shower and began filling the tub with hot water. Searching, she quickly found bath oils and bubble bath, and poured them in. After using the toilet, she gingerly stepped into the tub and sat, then leaned back and murmured in contentment.

Anita had been soaking almost a half hour when her husband bestirred himself and arose. Padding naked into the bathroom, he said, "Good morning, beautiful."

"Morning, yourself.", she sat up and kissed him as he bent over the tub.

John looked back into the bedroom. "I guess we got carried away."

Anita leaned back in the tub again. "It was worth it.", she sighed.

Looking down at his wife, John's penis began to stir to life. As it slowly rose to half mast, he asked, "Want some company?"

Anita opened her eyes and looked at her husband's rampant nakedness. Laughing, she said, "In here? There's not enough room!"

"Sure?"

She flicked some bubbles at him. "I'm sure. Go take a shower." John grumpily turned and headed for the shower. Anita noticed that his cock was now fully erect and showed no signs of subsiding. Over the sound of the shower, she said, "John? When we get home, I think I'm going to start that tradition again."

Her husband stuck his head out the door. "You say something?"

"I said, that when we get home that I was thinking of starting that tradition again."

"What? You mean like last night?"

"Um, hmm.", said Anita.

"You'd come downstairs in a nightgown? Every night? What about the girls?"

"Well, not every night, but sometimes. The girls don't always stay up late."

John looked at his wife in surprise. "Are you serious?"

Anita pouted at her husband. "John, you used to like it when I came downstairs in only my stockings and heels. Don't you like my titfucks any more?"

"Jesus, woman, you are something else!" John pulled his head back inside the door and resumed showering. Anita laughed and climbed out of the tub and began drying herself. She was almost dry when the shower stopped. John stepped out and began toweling himself off. Anita noted approvingly that his erection had not diminished.

Taking his hand, Anita led John back to the bedroom. She stopped before a low, backless love seat near one wall. Reaching up, she placed her hands on his shoulders and pushed him down. John grinned silently as she said, "Lie back." He positioned himself on the couch as his wife straddled his waist. Sinking down onto him, she said, "Why don't you think some more about that tradition."
Chapter 15
Home - Top   Feedback to author


Home « rlfj's Page « The Storm Index « Previous - Settings
Chapter 15
Posted: January 29, 2004 - 12:30:48 pm
Updated: January 31, 2004 - 12:21:16 am

Trouble didn't start until the mid-afternoon.

Until then, things occurred fairly normally in the rather non-normal household. Malcolm and Caroline both woke from well contented slumbers. The Andrews were unaware, however, that Malcolm, Jeanine and Phoebe were in the master bed, while Caroline, Tony, and Reeves were in Reeves' large bed. In both cases, the threesomes managed a very similar menage a trois, with Malcolm/Tony screwing Phoebe/Caroline doggy style, who meanwhile was eating Jeanine/Reeves.

The twins woke slowly in their separate beds and fingered themselves to quiet, intense orgasms.

The Andrews and the Jensons all dressed in robes and came downstairs for breakfast at about the same time. Midway through a pleasant repast of pancakes and sausage, the electricity came back on. Lights flared throughout the house and a loud radio began blaring from the kitchen. Amid the excited talk that civilization had finally returned, the could hear the servants scurrying about, and in short order the radio and lights were turned off, and the hum of the generator ceased. Shortly thereafter, everyone dispersed to dress.

Anita and John returned to their room hoping to be able to clear up the embarrassing damage from the night before to find that Jeanine had been there during breakfast. The bed had been stripped and remade and all their clothes were neatly placed in the hamper. Even Anita's ruined negligee had been neatly folded and placed on a dresser. Anita sat on the bed, ruefully abashed, until John stepped before her and opened his robe. She started in surprise at the sight of his erect cock jutting out of the opening of his shorts, but only briefly, then bent forward to orally relieve her husband.

Laurie and Cory returned to their room to dress as well, but hearing their father's by now familiar grunts, became distracted. Stripping and laying down on Laurie's bed, they once more dipped into the toy drawer. Cory again used the small vibrator while Laurie used one end of the double dong to bring themselves off. Then, feeling more adventurous, they turned towards each other and Cory inserted the free end of the dong into her own wet hole. Stroking each other's breasts, they maneuvered their hips as close to each other's as they could, working the double dildo as far as they could into their adolescent snatches, coming repeatedly. Then, still joined at the groin, they napped.

After breakfast, Tony and Malcolm accepted last minute blowjobs from Phoebe and Jeanine, then went about their work, Tony to snowblow the previous night's drifts and Malcolm to log his computer on to his service and take care of business.

Reeves was relatively free for the morning, so he undressed and stationed himself in the middle of his bed. Caroline, Jeanine, and Phoebe alternated coming to his room for servicing and going about their own duties.

Just before lunch a large truck began to honk loudly from the driveway. The entire household went to the front door to find a flatbed truck with Skip's Towing on the side loaded with the Andrew's station wagon. Laurie and Cory oohed and aahed at the sight, but John simply shook his head. "Christ, what a disaster!" The vehicle was sitting down on its frame. Both axles and the exhaust system were chained down in front of the wagon.

Skip climbed down from the cab and came to the porch where Malcolm and the Andrews had gathered. "Hi there. You the owner?", he asked to John.

"Yeah, that's me."

"Well, I figured I'd bring this by on the way to town. She's definitely totaled. I doubt if Ernie will even want it off the truck before I take it over to the salvage yard in Helmsley. You want to check for anything before I scrap it?", he asked good-naturedly.

John began to shake his head, no, then changed his mind. "Yeah, actually. I should get the registration and insurance out of the glove box." John clambered up onto the bed of the truck and crawled through the now missing rear window. Malcolm followed him to the side of the truck and caught items that they had missed earlier and passed them to Anita and the girls. After about ten minutes of careful checking, John crawled out the way he had entered. Skip climbed back into the cab, waved good-bye, and drove away. Shivering from the cold, the others went back into the house, for cold cut sandwiches and soup around the kitchen table.

After lunch, Jeanine came in to announce that Anita's clothes had been cleaned and returned to their room, and that the twin's clothing would be done in a few hours. Anita went back upstairs to change into her regular clothes. She was pleasantly surprised when, after she had stripped off Caroline's borrowed coveralls, John slipped in quietly. Laying down beside his wife on the bed, he took her naked form in his arms and began to passionately kiss her as she undid his clothing, then climbed on top of her. As he entered her, she wrapped her legs around his waist and ground her pussy up towards him. They both proceeded to enjoy a slow and leisurely fuck. After climaxing, John rolled off his wife and they both fell asleep.

It was about 3:30 when Anita stirred herself and got up. She dressed quietly in jeans, a brassiere, and tee shirt, debating briefly about panties. Seeing her husband snoozing on the bed, she put them back in the dresser and smiled. John briefly woke as his wife opened the door to leave, but she simply crossed to his side, kissed him lightly on the lips, and covered him with the quilt.

As Anita silently slipped into the hallway, she noticed the door to her daughter's room was slightly ajar and went to it to see how the girls were doing. She stopped as she heard them excitedly talking.

"God, I can't believe how big it was!"

"Yeah, Tony's cock is so big! I can't believe he got it all the way inside me!"

"Oh, but it felt so good! I can't wait till later. I want to fuck him all night!"

"Me, too!"

Anita stood like a rock, her mind numb. That bastard Tony had screwed Cory and Laurie? Her virgin daughters were no longer virgins? How dare he? Anita became furious at the idea that Tony had raped her babies. The fact that the girls sounded to be willing and active participants made no headway at all on their mother. She moved down the hallway to the stairs, intent on killing the molester of her children.

At the touch of Anita's lips to his, John Andrews came out of his light sleep. By the time she had closed the door to their room, his eyes were open and he stirred out from under the covers. Dressing slowly, by the time he left the room, Anita was already going down the stairs to the foyer. He followed her down.

Anita marched into the Great Room to find Tony collecting lanterns and candles for storage. Her face red, she marched straight up to him. "How dare you?", she demanded.

"What's your problem, lady?", he asked, towering over her.

Anita was undeterred. "How dare you? What did you do to them?"

Tony smiled down at the irate mother hen. "Oh, Cory and Laurie. Nothing they didn't want."

"Why you... !"

John had gone into the parlor, mistakenly thinking the angry sounds of his wife came from there. He had a perfect view of the proceedings through the pass-through to the Great Room.

"Oh, that. Well, they just wanted some of old Tony's cock, that's all.", said Tony, smirking. Anita's face clouded up even further and she swung at the young man. Laughing, he caught her hand and pushed her down onto a couch. "Sit down and cool off." He sat down next to her. As she struggled in his grasp, he threw a leg over hers and held her hands in her lap. He laughed and said, "I'll tell you all about it."

John stood stock still, his mind racing. Cory and Laurie? With Tony? He couldn't believe his ears. Tony having sex with his daughters? Despite the seeming danger to his wife, John couldn't move.

"Knock it off!", ordered Tony. "I was taking their clean clothes upstairs to them. I was simply going to drop it off and take the lantern downstairs. But they started coming on to me up there. They were rubbing their hands all over me. The first one, Laurie I think it was," God, Anita, thought, he didn't even know which one he was raping! "All she was wearing was some jeans and a tee shirt, she started asking me if I could see her nipples through the cloth. When I told her I wasn't sure, she pinched them to make 'em stand up. Man, I could see them then! She asked if I thought her tits were nice."

"Oh, man, was she hot! I just sat down on the bed, like we are here, and reached over and pulled that shirt right up, just like this." Holding Anita's hands in his right hand, Tony grabbed her tee shirt at the waist with his left. In a flash he had it above her breasts. Anita was too shocked to move. "Of course, she weren't wearing no bra." Tony's left hand moved to Anita's front clasp bra and one-handed the opening. Her mammoth tits sprang out at him. John could see that her nipples were pert and erect.

"So, I asked her if she had skipped the panties, too, and she just said I would have to find out. So I did! I just pulled those jeans down, like this." Tony shifted her captive hands in his, then moved his leg off of Anita's. Anita promptly stood up, but Tony was expecting that. His right hand darted out and popped the waist button, then ripped the zipper down. Grabbing the waist firmly, he peeled the jeans down her thighs to below her knees. Pushing her back down to the couch, he stuffed his fingers between her thighs. "Must run in the family. She wasn't wearing panties either. And her pussy was just as hot and wet as yours!" He wriggled his fingers in the older woman's pussy, and Anita groaned.

Tony kept fingering Anita's lips and clit. "Yeah, she was just as hot as you. She wanted it and I provided. I just pulled it out and provided." So saying he undid his own pants and unzipped them. Anita stared hungrily as Tony's erect dick came into view. A few inches shorter than John's, it was nevertheless at least an inch thicker, the fattest cock she had ever seen, even in the porno flicks she occasionally had watched with John. "She just spread those creamy thighs and I climbed right up on top."

John watched in silence as Tony moved his hands to Anita's knees and spread them wide, exposing her to the handyman's lusting eyes. She no longer tried to fight him, but simply stared at his cock. She lay there as Tony pushed his pants to his knees and knelt between her outstretched legs, then to John's astounded eyes, she moved her hands down between their bodies and guided his cock inside her!

"Yeah, she was really getting into it, just like you!", said Tony. He continued to describe her daughter's deflowering in graphic terms, telling how she had eagerly reacted to the assault and helped in it.

John could stand no more. First his daughters screwing Tony, now his wife fucking another man, the same man who fucked his daughters! He turned and sank onto a couch, stunned.

"Mr. Andrews, are you all right? Mr. Andrews?"

It was several moments before John came out of his stupor to see who was calling his name. Looking around himself wildly, he noticed that both Phoebe and Jeanine were standing before him, looking worried. Through the passage to the Great Room he could hear his wife moaning under Tony's ministrations.

"Mr. Andrews are you all right?", asked Phoebe.

"Yes, yes. I'm fine.", stumbled from his lips. Couldn't they hear what was going on?

Phoebe and Jeanine sat down on the couch on opposite sides from him. Jeanine said, "What's wrong Mr. Andrews? You look so depressed."

John couldn't bear to explain the problem. He just shook his head silently.

Phoebe leaned against his side and said, "We can help Mr. Andrews, really!" John suddenly was acutely aware that the woman pressing against him was lushly proportioned. He could feel very full breasts pressing against his upper arm. "Please, Mr. Andrews, let us help."

So saying, Phoebe moved a hand to his lap and began to rub the erection John was unaware of. Now he was fully aware that his cock was throbbing in his pants. Before he could protest, Phoebe had unzipped his pants and had squirmed around so that her head was in his lap. Murmuring happily, she began to lick the purplish cockhead and the cockshaft immediately adjacent. John closed his eyes at the waves of pleasure radiating through his crotch.

When he opened his eyes again, John Andrews looked down at the fellatrice and then noticed that Jeanine was no longer at his side. She had stood and was now standing a few feet before him, her hands behind her back, working the zipper on her black jumper. As she brought her hands back to her front, she shrugged her shoulders out of it's straps and tugged the dress down. It slipped down her body and puddled at her feet. Beneath the jumper, her blouse was only waist length, exposing her naked abdomen down to the tops of her thigh length stockings. No panties marred his view of the cropped blonde curls between her thighs. Jeanine stepped out of her dress and kicked it to one side. Raising one foot to the coffee table between them, she reached down and untied the low black shoe, slipped it off, and unrolled the stocking slowly down the leg, finally pulling it off and throwing it on top of her dress. She repeated the process with the other leg, then stood upright, looking him in the eye. Smiling, she unbuttoned the white blouse, grinning as he gulped when she pulled it back to expose her breasts, nicely sized but large on her small frame. Cupping the firm titflesh, she began to roll her distended nipples between her thumbs and forefingers.

Bending, Jeanine pulled the coffee table away from the front of the couch. She knelt and crawled forward to John and tugged his pants lower down his legs. Then, as Phoebe stopped licking John's cock, Jeanine moved closer.

During this break, John heard from the other room the sounds of Tony grunting his come into his wife's slurping cunt. By now, if anything, the sound made him even harder than Phoebe's tongue bath had done.

"Now the other one,", Tony was saying, "She had stripped off all her clothes, like this." The sound of clothing rustling told him Tony had pulled Anita's pants and shirt off of her. "And she was rubbing her clit to beat the band while I was doing her sister." Next John heard his wife squeal as Tony forced her hands to her crotch. "So what could I do? I just rolled her over onto her knees and stuffed it in, you know? Like this!" Anita cried out in orgasm as Tony mounted her a second time, from the rear.

Jeanine took Phoebe's place between John's legs and began to slowly suck on the fevered knob. Phoebe stood in front of them and removed the hideous costume she was wearing. She practically tore off her knee length cafeteria-lady uniform and stood before him in stockings and underwired bra. Reaching up, she pulled her hair from the bun she wore, and John marveled as the thick black hair cascaded luxuriously down her back. Shaking it out, she reached between her breasts and undid the clasp on the brassiere. Massive mammaries spilled from it as she peeled it off, pendulously swaying as she bent to strip her orthopedic shoes and support hose off.

John could only stare and groan at the sight he was seeing at the sensations he was feeling. His hands caressed Jeanine's blonde hair as her head bobbed the length of his erection and her hands jacked the slickly wet shaft. Stepping up behind her coworker, Phoebe spread her feet on the carpet and reached down between her thighs. John had a front row seat as she spread her hairless cuntlips and began to rapidly frig her clitoris. Jeanine sank her head the length of his cock, the glans firmly nestled in the back of her throat, and began suctioning him.

"Oh, God!", said John weakly as his hips spasmed upwards. He began to spray his seed madly down the blonde's throat while he watched Phoebe bring herself off before him. He couldn't believe she had taken him that far into her mouth. John knew he was above average in the size department; even Anita normally only took six to seven inches in to get him off. Finally, after an eternity of orgasm, the girl allowed his flaccid penis to exit her lips. Leaning back, she licked her lips in contentment.

Phoebe knelt beside John on the couch and began to masturbate him back to life. John wasn't overly helpful, grateful for the pleasure but unsure of what to do. His cock arose from the ashes as he heard from the other room Tony telling his wife how he had fucked the first daughter a second time. Her squeals coincided with a silent groan from his own lips, as Anita was ravaged a third time.

Phoebe moved on the couch so as to straddle John, moving one bare leg across his lap, and kneeling over him. As Jeanine positioned his cockhead between Phoebe's bald lips, Phoebe sank down onto him, engulfing him at once. John groaned a second time as he felt her drenched pussy wrap around him like a boiling hot vise. Phoebe began to bounce up and down on him, squeezing her pussy around his trapped cock. Jeanine, in turn stood up and rested one foot on the back of the couch. She began to rub her own clit as John reached up and began to paw at Phoebe's big tits. Despite his earlier orgasm, John began to spray massively into Phoebe's hot twat. He couldn't remember coming so soon after a first time in years!

As Phoebe climbed off, John came to his senses. Pushing Jeanine away, he muttered, "No, we can't... mustn't... have to stop this..." He stood and pulled his pants up hurriedly, tucking in his shirt tails. The two servants pouted and gathered their clothes, slyly grinning to each other as they left through a side door. John zipped his pants and headed for a confrontation in the Great Room.

No battle ensued. As he entered the foyer, Tony and Anita walked out of the room. Tony was buttoning his overalls and Anita was naked, carrying her clothes in a bundle as she searched wildly for a bathroom to clean up and dress in. "Hey there, Mister Andrews, how they hanging? One lower than the other?", boomed out Tony. He slapped John on the shoulder and wandered down the hallway.

Anita stopped dead in her tracks and stared at her husband, Tony's jism running down her thighs. Mortified, she dropped her clothes on the floor of the foyer. Crying wildly, she ran up the stairs to her room, wailing the entire way. John could hear the bedroom door slam shut and a lock click from the bottom of the stairs.
Chapter 16
Home - Top   Feedback to author


Home « rlfj's Page « The Storm Index « Previous - Settings
Chapter 16
Posted: February 02, 2004 - 02:04:41 pm

As he expected, the bedroom door was locked, but John was prepared. He had found Reeves in the kitchen and had borrowed the room keys from a clip on the butler's belt.

"The key fits the bathroom door, as well.", the man had volunteered. John had declined to comment, simply taking the proffered keys with a silent nod and turning in his tracks.

Unsurprisingly, the room was empty when he went in, and John could he the shower running through the closed bathroom door. He tried the knob but it too was locked.

"Go away!", wailed Anita.

John said nothing, but only unlocked the door and walked in. He could see his wife through the frosted glass of the shower door. He yanked the door open and looked in at her.

Anita was too embarrassed to look her husband in the eye. "Go away!", she weakly cried, slumping to the shower floor. As John looked down on her, weeping under the water, a plan flashed through his mind. She didn't realize that he had been receiving the other servantsí attentions!

"Slut!", he cried out. Anita began to cry louder. ìYou slut! This is how you treat me?" John tore his shirt off and undid his pants. Pushing them down off his hips he stepped into the shower. Grabbing his wife by the hair, he pulled her to his knees facing his prodigious erection. "You want some cock, slut?" Grabbing her head around her ears, he pulled her face to his groin. "Here's some cock, slut!", he yelled, slapping her cheeks with his erect manhood. He continued to beat her face with his dick until she opened her mouth to accept him.

John slammed his cock into his wife's mouth, forcing it deeper than he could remember into her face. "Take it, slut!", he told her repeatedly as his hips began to move. Anita gagged at the intrusion but was powerless to resist the fierce facefucking she was receiving. Within moments she was pushed back against the shower, the back of her head pressed against the wall, as her husband's cock lashed into her oral cavity. She tried mightily to please him but it was moving so fast and so deep she could barely maintain any kind of suction.

John did not care about the quality of the blowjob he was receiving. The sheer violence of his domination of Anita was aphrodisiac enough. Much too soon, he began to spurt an endless stream of come. Yanking his cock out of her mouth, he grabbed the shaft and began to spray his seed in her face. "So you wanted a man's come, slut? Have some come!", he cried out as he milked the cock onto her open-mouthed face.

Anita was both terrified and incredibly turned on by John's behavior. She had never seen him this way before, and it was causing her pussy to tingle like never before. When his dick stopped spraying on her, John dragged her upright and stuck her head under the shower.

"You need to wash the come off, slut!" John turned the shower on full force and held her face up to the nozzle. Anita spluttered and struggled for breath as the water sprayed her. Finally John relented and pushed her back against the shower wall. Holding her there with one hand, he pulled the shower nozzle, mounted on a long hose as a massage unit, off the wall. Twisting the head to a pulsating splash, John moved it down between his wife's legs. As he directed the force of the water against Anita's pussy, he said, "Wash the come out, slut!"

Anita stood dumbfounded at her husband's words. What could he possibly mean?

John grabbed her wrists and effortlessly pushed them towards her waist. "Come on, slut! Wash the come out of your cunt!" Anita was trembling as she spread her legs and began to rub the remnants of Tony's lust from her pussy. John forced the pulsing stream against her clitoris and Anita found herself toying with her pussy lips and clit. John cruelly watched as his wife orgasmed in front of him. "Such a slut! You even play with yourself when washing another man's come from your cunt!"

John shut off the water and pushed his wife from the shower, leaving the massage nozzle dangling on it's bracket. Anita reached for a towel, but John tore it from her hands. Throwing it on the floor, he dragged her back to the bedroom. "Put your shoes on!", he demanded.

Anita looked at him wildly. "Wh... what?"

"Put 'em on!", he roared, kicking a tall pair of ankle strapped heels to her feet. Anita scurried to obey, slipping them on her wet feet and strapping them in place. When she was done, John grabbed an arm and pulled her upright.

"Punishment time!", he told her.

"Wha... punish..."

"Silence!" Anita nervously quieted, staring at a man she thought she had known. She was obviously mistaken.

"Bend over! Spread your legs! Straighten your knees! Hands on your knees! Lower! Wider!" John ordered his wife brusquely to a straight-legged position, her legs spread several feet apart, bent at the waist with her hands on her knees propping her torso up. She struggled briefly and tried to protest but John forced her into the position he wanted. Finally, bent at the waist, her full, ripe breasts dangling, and her ass and cunt spread wide, he stepped back. In this position, his stern visage broke and he grinned wildly at the sight. He stared at her for a brief while as she quietly whimpered, then opened up the nightstand drawer. Anita was too terrified to turn and look as he pulled an item out.

Like his daughters, John had briefly explored the contents of the drawers in the room. Unlike them, however, he had known what each item was used for, even if his tastes did not generally run in those directions. One item seemed quite appropriate for this situation. Reaching into the drawer he pulled out a long, thin paddle. Fully two feet long but only two inches wide, the paddle was padded and covered with supple brown leather. Looping the strap around his wrist, he stepped up behind his wife and positioned himself.

SMACK!

Anita yelped and stood upright but John had expected that. "Down! Back!", he yelled, as his free hand caught his wife by the scruff of the neck and bent her over again. As soon as she had been bent again, he pulled his arm back and gave her another spank on the opposite cheek. Again, Anita cried out and tried to move but her husband prevented any movement.

"Silence, slut! If you move or cry out, you'll get two for every one. Now shut up and bend over!"

SMACK! This time Anita only let a small whimper pass her clenched lips, but the force of the blow caused her to teeter on the heels and she almost lost her balance.

"Silence, I said. Don't move!"

SMACK! John was satisfied this time. After the fourth blow, Anita had learned how to balance herself and stay silent, although tears coursed down her cheeks and two bright red marks ran along her other cheeks.

John began to talk to Anita, in a smirking and insulting manner. "Well, slut, this is what you made me do." SMACK! "This is what happens to sluts." SMACK! "Slut!" SMACK! He continued to taunt her and spank her slowly, allowing almost a minute between swats, to give her plenty of time to worry about the next. He loved the way the full, round globes of her ass jiggled under the stinging impact, how the flesh of her asscheeks rippled in response to the punishment, how her large breasts swayed in response to each spank. Finally he sensed she was ready. Despite her tears, her nipples, hanging down from her heaving breasts, were hard and pointed. Pussy juice was running from her cunt, gaping open between her thighs. Most importantly, her anal sphincter was pulsing open and shut.

SMACK!

John had sported an erection since the moment he had started to paddle his beloved. After one last hard spank, he rapidly positioned himself behind Anita and stuck his cockhead into her rectum. Anita pulled upright with a cry of pain, but John simply grabbed her hips and pulled her back against him, pushing his cock deeper into her ass.

Anita cried and complained, "It hurts! Take it out! Please John?"

"Silence! Back into position!", he roared. Pushing her back to a bent-over position, John slowly began to stroke in and out of his wife's butt. John knew Anita well after almost twenty years of marriage. While they didn't assfuck often, this was by no means the first time for either, and he knew that slowly the pain would recede and she would begin to enjoy it. After several minutes, Anita began to slowly and carefully thrust back at the impaling organ.

John began to talk to her as she began to move against him. "Anita, it's not that you're a slut that bothers me. I mean, I've always known you were a slut. It's just that you're not a slut for me. In the future you must remember that you're MY slut and behave accordingly. Understand? Good!"

Anita was astounded by John's words and incredibly excited by John's actions. Tightening her rectum, she began to move her ass back and forth on the intruder, and was rewarded when her husband grunted and she felt the spasms deep within her nether hole. Together they soared to an incredibly intense orgasm.

John pulled out of his wife's ass with a loud sucking sound and abandoned her to go to the bathroom. Anita straightened her back, rubbing her hands over her tender bottom, cock juice dribbling from her asshole. She slowly moved into the bathroom to clean up, to find her husband in the shower, ostentatiously washing her ass off his cock. She slipped off the high heels and silently waited for him to finish. Stepping out of the shower, he looked her over and said, sniffing, "You need another shower, slut. Get cleaned up and I'll find something for you to wear." He left the shower running and stepped out. Anita slipped past him, not knowing what to expect next. He grabbed a towel and headed for the bedroom.

As his wife showered, John contemplated what he wanted Anita to wear for dinner. Reeves or Jeanine had hung their clothes at one end of the walk-in closet and John stepped inside. Drying himself on his towel, he pulled on a pair of gray slacks and a white dress shirt, then began to look over Anita's outfits. He found a rather sexy suit that he hadn't seen before and pulled it out. Looking it over, he decided that she must have bought it for this trip, for when they were out by themselves, and it would be perfect for his plans. He looked around for a pair of matching shoes, but concluded that the pair she had been wearing during the assfuck were the closest available. He heard the shower stop, so he hung the outfit back up and finished tucking his shirttails in.

As he came back into the room carrying the outfit, Anita opened the bathroom door and looked out cautiously. She had the towel wrapped tightly around her torso. John imperiously motioned her to him, then reached out and yanked the towel off and threw it to one side. He was mightily pleased that Anita's nipples were stiffly erect, and could feel himself becoming erect again as well. Time for that later, he said to himself.

"Here, slut, put this on.", he barked. Kicking the shoes towards her, he said, "And these. No underwear, no bra, no panties, no stockings. Just this!" Anita tried to briefly protest. "Silence, slut! Dress!"

The outfit was indeed one that Anita had been planning to wear one night when they went out alone, but she had not been planning on wearing it this way. It consisted of a very short, clingy knit black skirt, which really needed pantyhose for modesty's sake. The crisp, white vest and short black jacket gave the impression of a tuxedo, especially when she put on the black bow tie and Playboy Bunny style wrist cuffs. The blouse was actually a backless and almost sideless halter top, similar to the vest of a real tuxedo, but with just enough coverage to keep her breasts from being totally exposed. It was designed to be worn over a transparent black blouse, but John had left that hanging in the closet. The ankle strapped black high heels had open toes, and the look of classy sandals. Anita slipped on the skirt, then put the vest on. Even after buttoning it fully, her cleavage was exposed to below the level of her breasts. As she sat gingerly on the bed to slip on the shoes, she could feel every square inch of her ravaged butt protest.

John finished dressing as he watched his wife dress, putting on socks and shoes and a tie. Finally, as she finished with her shoes and moved to stand, he came around in front of her. Slipping a sport coat on, he commanded, "Stay. Now pull the skirt to your waist." Anita looked up at his eyes, her own twinkling with desire, as she sat upright and pulled the hem of the miniskirt up. "Spread your legs. Now take care of this." John quickly unzipped his pants and fished his erect cock out, pushing it against her face. Anita eagerly grabbed the object of her desire and stuffed it into her mouth. Disdaining any of the ordinary licking and nibbling she performed to extend her husband's pleasure, she began to immediately suck the tip while jacking the shaft vigorously. Within minutes she was rewarded by the deliciously salty taste of his seed washing over her tongue. Greedily she swallowed every drop.

John tucked his flaccid manhood back in his pants and gave final instructions for the evening. "Now, slut, finish getting ready. Makeup, hair, jewelry. You want to look like the horny slut you are. Remember, no stockings or blouse or undies of any sort. When you sit down at the dinner table next to Malcolm, you pull your skirt up, just like it is now, to show him what a slut you really are. And no hiding your pussy under your napkin either! I'll find out if you do. Flash that cunt at him all night, understand? Then later, when you and Caroline get dressed up for late night cocktails, I want to see a lot of leg and tit. Got all that? See you downstairs, slut." So saying, John left the bedroom, leaving his wife tingling at the thought of the fucking he was going to certainly give her later, after a night of seeing her dressed up in such a way.
Chapter 17
Home - Top   Feedback to author


Home « rlfj's Page « The Storm Index « Previous - Settings
Chapter 17
Posted: February 09, 2004 - 06:07:52 pm

There was no question in anybody's mind that evening who the belle of the ball was, or as John thought, the slut of the ball. While Caroline had dressed in a fairly short, form-fitting red skirt and top, and the girls had worn their own clothes, in Laurie's case an off-the-shoulder sweater and tights, and in Cory's case, low-cut and skin-tight bell bottoms and a cropped top, Anita stole the show. She had done her hair in a flip, wore more than her usual amount of makeup, had large gold hoop earrings, and had half a dozen gold chains and necklaces dangling from around her neck to between her breasts. After greeting everyone, she had calmly doffed her jacket and sat down next to Malcolm on a barstool, exposing a scandalous amount of thigh, back, and sides.

John, Malcolm, and Caroline all wore cool smiles and talked as if nothing was unusual, but the twins could not figure out what was going on. They had heard muffled cries coming from their parent's room earlier, but could not make their minds up whether they were of pain or pleasure. Now, Mom was damn near doing a striptease in the living room. Unsure whether their parents had found out about them and Tony, they decided to simply shut their mouths and bug out after dinner as soon as possible. Maybe this would all settle out tomorrow.

For her part, Anita had never felt so sexual in her entire life. While John frequently told her that he thought she was the most beautiful and sexiest woman in the world, tonight she really felt that way. From the moment she walked into the room, she could feel her nipples stiffen and her cunt warm and slicken. Every few minutes she did a Sharon Stone at Malcolm, to his sly and silent smile, and she could see a significant bulge in the front of his pants that he made absolutely no effort to hide. Reeves openly stared as he came in to inform them that dinner was ready. If it hadn't been for the girls being present, Anita simply knew that she would strip right there and beg John to fuck her, regardless of the company.

"So, John, I gather that you and Anita have determined that our household is, um, rather, um, uninhibited?", asked Malcolm. He and John were sitting at the bar in the parlor waiting for their wives to come back downstairs. For Malcolm it had been a most interesting evening so far. First, Anita had been flashing her nicely trimmed pussy at him all through the cocktail hour, shocking her daughters but nonplusing her husband. During dinner, she had arranged it so the girls were on one side of the table and she and Caroline were on the other, with Anita closer to Malcolm. Upon sitting down, she had promptly pulled her black miniskirt right up to her waist and spread her legs wide apart. John had noticed, as had Caroline, but seemed not to mind. Indeed, in her outfit, Anita was practically naked, as a considerable portion of her flanks, including most of her heaving breasts, were on display. After dinner, Laurie and Cory had bugged out, announcing they were going to watch television for a while. Casting a nervous glance at their parents, they had practically run up the stairs to their room. While Malcolm was not at all sure what Caroline and Anita had planned for this evening, he was sure it would be enjoyable.

"It is a rather unusual lifestyle, I suppose you could say.", replied John calmly.

"I suppose that would be an accurate assessment. I take it that you don't mind?"

"Mind? No, just surprised, I guess. I really wasn't expecting such a... liberated?... welcome."

"Hmm...", commented Malcolm. "It really didn't start out that way. But over the years, Caroline and I became a bit more adventurous, and more familiar as well, with the staff. I couldn't say when things became so... loose. Now, it simply seems second nature. When guests come by, we have Jeanine and Phoebe tone down their usual attire until we can figure out if they wish to join our happy little group."

"Really? What is the standard uniform?"

Malcolm smiled. "Oh, you'll find out tomorrow. I trust you'll enjoy it."

They both refreshed their drinks and Malcolm continued. "To be honest, I was rather concerned when I heard how you discovered our secret."

"It was rather shocking, I'd have to admit.", said John.

"Well, at least the girls were there to help you over it."

"Yes, well that raises a different point. Let me ask you before Anita and Caroline get back - Are you game for some fun tonight?", asked John.

Malcolm nodded pleasantly. "Of course, what do you have in mind?"

"Anita doesn't know that I, that Jeanine and Phoebe and I, that we... , well you know."

"Go on. So, Anita only knows that she and Tony were together. I follow you, so far. What of it?"

"Well, I've been playing a dirty trick on her all night long. I've been treating her as a real whore and slut, making her put herself on display all evening. Play along."

Malcolm's eyes widened gleefully. "So that's what was going on! I couldn't figure out what brought on such an amazing change of attitude. She was acting like a nautch dancer all throughout dinner. Were you aware that after she sat down to dinner, she pulled her skirt to her waist?"

"Aware? It was my idea! Did you enjoy the view?"

"Most definitely. So did Caroline."

Now it was John's turn to be surprised. "You mean, she..."

"Most definitely."

"Will wonders never cease. That should be interesting, if we can get her and Anita together.", commented John.

"Does Anita swing both ways, too?", asked Malcolm.

"Couldn't say; I don't have a clue. We'll have to find out, won't we?"

"Sounds like a plan. You know, I think that Laurie and Cory must have suspected something was going on between the two of you. They sure took off like scalded cats earlier."

John shrugged. "I don't know, maybe. I don't think that we were trying to be too quiet in our room this afternoon. Maybe they heard something. Listen, about Tony..."

"Don't worry, John. Tony is quite harmless. I heard about what he told your wife, but I also heard about what he and the girls did. From what I gather, he was quite tender and gentle with them. And they really did initiate things with him."

"You heard about that, too?", said John ruefully.

"You can have servants. You can have secrets. You can not have both. Caroline and I hear everything about the servants, and they us. Privacy is an unknown quantity in this household."

"Well, I hope they're all right. This is not quite the way I had figured they would lose their virginity."

"Perhaps not, but has any harm been done? Surely you were not expecting them to remain untouched by human hands until the night of their weddings? In this day and age?" At John's shrug and headshake, Malcolm continued, "Or perhaps you were hoping that they would gain experience in the backseat of a car? My view, for what it is worth, is that it is better that they learn the basics here, amidst a loving group of older and more experienced friends. You and Anita, and Caroline and I, as well, can temper their youthful precociousness, and teach them."

"I don't know, maybe, I guess.", John replied.

"They are at the age where young women experiment. Again, for what is worth, there probably isn't much you can do about it anyway."

John smiled and accepted his fate. "You are probably right. I hope Anita can accept this."

"I suspect she will. Women can be so much more practical about these things, at times. I mean, she put the twins on the Pill when they started dating, didn't she?"

John shook his head. "No, that was my idea. We didn't tell her. I just took the girls to Planned Parenthood one day on my own. They were pretty nervous about it, but I explained that while I didn't expect or want them to need it, I didn't want to become a grandfather either, if they decided not to ask permission. That I thought they were responsible young adults. I guess I was a bit confusing to them, but they obeyed. They're good girls."

"You see? You yourself expected them to experiment some day? That was quite responsible of you, and quite realistic. They'll be fine. Now what of tonight?"

"Oh, yeah.", said John, considering the impending return of their wives. "I told Anita that tonight she wasn't supposed to wear all that much. Lots of T and A, if you get my drift. Make sure you comment on it to her, graphically."

"Glad to. Anita really is most attractive. She's an extremely sexy woman."

"I think so, too. Great in the sack, to boot.", said John.

Malcolm grinned. "Perhaps we could,... switch?"

"What? Wife swapping?"

"Why not?"

John sat back and thought this one over. "Really? What would Caroline say?"

"Oh, I'm sure she'd like to. She's commented to me that she thought you were 'a real stud'."

John laughed at the description. "Oh, bullshit! Still, she is a damn fine looking woman. Man, those legs go all the way up!"

"She can break your back with them.", joked Malcolm. "You will die with a smile on your face."

"It's a deal then, as long as we can convince Anita."

"Agreed. How do you plan on arranging this?", asked Malcolm. "Surely you weren't planning on just having them strip and switch places, were you?"

"No, too crude. Effective, but crude. Hmmm." John thought briefly. "Here's what we'll do. You let Caroline in on the secret. At some point, I'll comment that her outfit is nice. You respond the same way about Anita, and then begin comparing the two of them as far as their bodies. You show some of Caroline. I have to do the same, of course, guest that I am. Then, Caroline starts comparing us and I have to be polite and have Anita do so, too. After awhile, we'll all be on exhibit, so to speak. Follow me?"

"Elementary, my dear Watson. Do you plan on a foursome right here in the parlor? How delightful!"

"Not really.", said John, considering the thought for the first time. "Actually, I simply figure on getting Anita so hot and bothered she'll go along with the idea."

"Go slow, I understand. Well, it sounds like it should work. Now for the ladies to show up."
Chapter 18
Home - Top   Feedback to author


Home « rlfj's Page « The Storm Index « Previous - Settings
Chapter 18
Posted: February 12, 2004 - 11:14:06 am

Anita looked at herself in the mirror and was not satisfied with the picture. This getup just wasn't right!

She had politely declined Caroline's offer to dress together again, tonight. Ever since she had walked up to the bar in that scandalous outfit, she had been perched on the edge of orgasm. Never before had she dressed or acted so provocatively among other people, not even when she and her husband took their annual private vacation, when John made sure she took along only sexy clothes and no underwear! She couldn't believe the tingle she had gotten whenever she caught Malcolm glancing into her exposed lap during dinner! She had thought she was going to leave a stain on the seat, she had been so worked up! She knew that if she dressed properly tonight that John would give her pussy a working over she wouldn't soon forget.

Now she was wearing white high heels and a white baby-doll nightie, and as she looked at herself in the mirror, something just wasn't right. The baby-doll set had a matching sheer jacket and she removed it, but something wasn't right, still. John had specified lots of leg and tit. The outfit was plenty short, almost showing her panties, but the top? No, it wasn't revealing enough for John. It was too opaque and didn't show much cleavage at all. But what else could she wear?

Anita looked through her lingerie again. This was the only short set she had brought, since most of the time John liked her in long nightgowns, preferably with slits up the legs or tied in the front. Nothing else came close to being short and low cut. Then her eyes strayed to the closet and she saw a pant suit hanging there. She noticed that the suit's jacket was showing the lace top to be worn with a blouse. Would it... ?

Anita moved quickly to the closet and pulled out the suit. Peeling the jacket off the hangar, she pulled the top off and held it up to examine it. She had only worn it once before, and John had certainly noticed it, but she had decided it was too risqué for routine wear. Now she couldn't remember why she had brought it, unless it was simply part of the outfit and had packed it unknowingly. Still, it might be just what the doctor ordered. Made of a clingy, stretchy lace knit, it was designed to be worn under a blouse in place of a bra, but was longer, coming down to her midriff, a few inches above her navel. That was the reason she didn't like it, she remembered; the bottom could be seen through a blouse. Too bad it wasn't long enough to tuck into a dress or slacks. But now... ?

Anita laid the top down and pulled off her baby-doll top. She slipped the lace top on and tugged it into place, then examined her appearance in the glass. This just might do, she thought. An awful lot of skin was showing, including most of her breasts, waist, arms, and shoulders. She put the jacket back on to see the effect. Just right - it hid just enough but met John's requirements. She tied the sash at her waist and turned around several times to check out all the angles. Then she headed downstairs.

As she reached the top of the stairs, she heard a door open behind her and stopped to see who it was. Caroline was just leaving her room and Anita waited for her to catch up. Anita noticed her daughter's bedroom door and she wondered where the girls were. It was dark under their bedroom door and there was no sound of a television. Downstairs in the basement? And with who? The thought that Laurie and Cory were possibly fooling around with Tony again was both mildly disturbing and strangely exciting. The contemplation passed as Caroline came up and they looked each other over.

Caroline was wearing a short halter top nightie, black and almost transparent, and matching panties and heels. No stockings tonight, thought Anita, wondering if this was significant. For her part Caroline loved Anita's outfit, suspecting that John would want her to be able to remove it before the night was over. She especially liked Anita's thong panties, which were so sheer that her pubic hair and the crack of her ass were clearly visible, and held up by ties at each hip. How delicious, she thought.

With some trepidation and an exquisite sense of vulnerability, Anita trailed Caroline into the parlor, where they found their husbands sitting in large, overstuffed armchairs. The two men were about halfway through wineglasses of sherry. A second was next to them on end-tables. Caroline walked right up to her husband, slipping onto his lap, kissing him warmly and passionately as he handed the full glass to her. Anita was quite turned on by the display of affection, but too embarrassed to do the same. She simply walked over next to her husband's chair and standing, picked up her glass and sipped from it, while rubbing a hand along his cheek. John anticipated this and reached out, hugging his wife around the waist, and drew her around to the front of the armchair. He tugged her down into his lap and Anita gave only pro forma resistance before she twisted around to a ninety degree angle and crossed her legs provocatively. She leaned against his chest and sipped her wine.

The first half hour seemed to follow the pattern of the previous nights, with talk of the day (studiously avoiding any mention of Tony's activities with the Andrews' women) and plans for the future, including the purchase of another car. Anita felt quite comfortable leaning back against John as he idly rubbed her back. Whatever her transgressions and punishment, she felt assured that John still loved her and had forgiven her. Now Anita glowed in the stimulation of being almost naked as her lover cupped and rubbed the globes of her buttocks through the thin covering of robe. Caroline evidently felt the same way, and her halter top nightie began to gape open alarmingly, both top and bottom.

Things changed after Caroline stood to allow her husband to retrieve the bottle of sherry and refresh everyone's glass. She sat back down on Malcolm's lap but failed to adjust her nightgown, which now opened down the front, exposing the black of her panties and all of her breasts except the nipples... Unknown to Anita, Malcolm had whispered the plan to his wife while nuzzling her neck, and Caroline happily played along.

"That's a lovely nightie, Caroline.", said John.

"Thank you. It's one of Malcolm's favorite outfits of mine."

"Really?", asked John.

"Oh, yes.", interjected Malcolm. "I like Caroline to wear this frequently." Malcolm reached his arms around his wife and cupped her breasts. "It's very easy for me to see all her charms, so to speak."

Anita was too shocked for words! Malcolm was fondling his wife openly before them, and John neither protested nor moved to leave. She was even more surprised by what he said next.

"I see what you mean. Her charms are really quite charming, aren't they. Anita, why don't you take off your robe?"

"What?..."

"It's all right, dear.", assured John. "Go ahead, take your robe off."

Confused and unsure of herself, Anita felt John pushing her upright, with an arm across her lap to keep her in place. With a confused look on her face, she silently untied the sash and slipped the robe down off her shoulders. John helped by pulling it all the way off, then tossing it aside.

Malcolm and Caroline watched intently as Anita shed her robe, looking her over closely as she sat upright in panties and lace top. "Still, John, you must admit, your lovely Anita is even more charming than Caroline here." So saying, Malcolm shifted his hands on his wife's breasts. Now instead of cupping and fondling, they lifted and supported them, exposing them to the view of all.

Anita sat stock still at the sight, shocked as much by her own feelings of wanton lust as by the view of Malcolm pinching Caroline's nipples. She was even more shocked when John reached up and pulled the stretch top down below her breasts, exposing her to the world. "Well, it may be rude for a guest to brag about his wife,", she heard him say, "But I have to agree. Anita's tits are bigger, and her nipples are almost twice as large. You should see them when they get really aroused. Pinch them honey, get them hard.", he commanded.

"John?..."

John ignored her weak protest. "Go on, Anita, tweak those pretty nipples and show Malcom and Caroline how big and firm they get. We're among friends." John lifted her unresisting hands to her breasts and moved her fingers to the tips, already pointing out at the audience. "I know you like this.", he said to her. To the Jensons he continued, "Anita is very proud of her figure, especially her tits. You'll like this, her nipples get absolutely huge!" He was somewhat worried about Anita's reactions to this chain of events, she wasn't as forthcoming as he had hoped.

Anita gave a quiet moan as her fingers began to caress the dark coral flesh surrounding the points of her nipples. Her breathing deepened and a flush swept across her upper torso as her fingertips flicked across the small rubbery tips. John relaxed as his wife slipped into the spirit of things. Across from them, Caroline had taken over from her husband, opening her gown wide and vigorously pinching and rubbing her breasts and ruby nipples. John could feel the moist heat emanating from Anita's ass and pussy, and began to relax.

"You're right John. Anita, your breasts are magnificent!", exclaimed Malcolm.

"Really, Anita!", chimed in Caroline. "No wonder my bras don't fit you. What are you? D? Double-D?"

For the first time, Anita responded. Continuing her self stimulation, she said, "I'm not that big. I'm a D cup, but I'm a 37."

"You see! I'm only 36C myself."

Anita looked at her husband and laughed, then turned back to Caroline. Jiggling her tits at the group, she said, "It's a real bitch at times, too. Nobody sells 37 inch bras. I'm stuck with either 36DD or 38C, and neither really does the trick. I have to special order through Victoria's Secret and it costs a fortune!"

"Still, magnificent!", said Malcolm. "Your breasts and nipples are bigger, Anita, but I think Caroline's nipples stick out further." John craned his head around his wife's body to get a better view. Malcolm was right, his wife's entire aureoles protruded a good inch from her globular breasts, and the tips stuck out another half inch from that.

"And a good thing, too, considering the strapless gowns you like me to wear.", giggled Caroline.

"Complaints, complaints.", said Malcolm. To the Andrews, he said, "Still, I think Caroline can surprise you in another way. Shift around, dear.", he said to her.

Caroline twisted around so that she was sitting on Malcolm's lap, facing her guests. Malcolm positioned her legs so that she was straddling him in reverse, then spread his own legs apart. Caroline's thighs yawned open and Malcolm reached around in front. Grasping the interior of her black panties, he pulled the fabric. It opened to reveal they were crotchless, and Caroline's pudenda was displayed to all.

"See? Caroline shaves her pussy completely bare." Malcolm began to finger his wife's labia through the opening. Caroline briefly closed her eyes as a shudder passed through her body.

"Oh, that feels so good!", she breathily whispered.

Malcolm looked meaningfully at Anita's crotch. "From what I can see, Caroline has Anita beat here, at least.î

Anita stared hungrily at the scene before her. She didn't protest in the least when John reached down and pulled the strings holding her now soaked panties from her crotch. Shifting slightly, she allowed John to pull them out from under her, then shifted herself to face her hosts, spreading her legs wide. Both Malcolm and Caroline greedily viewed the trim, red growth, clipped back to allow the wearing of a skimpy bikini without worry. Anita and John had never gotten the bug for pussy shaving, but she liked his response when she wore the smallest possible, top and bottom, swimsuits she could find. She wiggled her butt ecstatically as he began to finger her clitoris.

After a moment, Caroline asked Anita, "Tell me Anita, were you serious when you said John was nine inches long?"

John was surprised to hear that Anita had told Caroline this, even though he knew intellectually that women talked about the damnedest things. Still, matters were proceeding nicely, and his nine inches was throbbing in his pants against his wife's backside.

"Umm, yes.", said Anita, distractedly.

"Show me."

Anita looked momentarily shocked at looked back over her shoulder at her husband.

"It's okay, hun. Go ahead, show her." John twitched his cock so that she could feel it.

Anita shifted again, and John moved over against one arm of the chair. Anita twisted around, semi-facing him and reached down to his pants. Unbuckling them, she pulled the zipper down. John's blood-filled cockhead came into sight before the zipper was half down. John pushed his pants down off his hips and his erection came into glorious view.

"Now that's what I call magnificent!", said Caroline. Squirming atop Malcolm, she undid her husband's pants. Reaching in, she grasped his erection firmly and pulled it out. Malcom pushed his pants down to his hips and kicked them off completely. "Now Malcolm here, he's not quite as grand as that, but he does come with a little extra, you could say." As she slowly began to fist the large and thick cock with her right hand, the fingers of her left began to gently trace around Malcom's uncircumcised foreskin. Malcolm was as excited as his guest, and the small lid of flesh had pulled back halfway down his glans. Malcolm leaned back in quiet contentment, sipping the remains of his sherry as his wife stimulated her naked clit with one hand while jerking him off with the other.

Anita was now as stimulated as she could ever remember. Once, in Mexico, on vacation alone, she had fisted John to orgasm under the table while they watched a live sex show of a woman and three men, but now she was an active participant. dressed only in a pulled down top and high heels. As she began to give her husband a handjob with one hand and pinch her nipples with the other hand, John reached out and began to rapidly rub her clit. She was red hot and sopping wet. Both women came in breathtaking climaxes, but while Caroline began to use both hands on Malcolm, causing a drop of pre-cum to form on his tip, John began to stimulate his wife to a second orgasm. She became so distracted that her handjob slowed considerably.

"Oh, God!", she cried. "I need some cock, John!", she cried.

"Right now?", he asked.

"Anything! I don't care, just fuck me!"

"Any cock?", he asked.

"Just fuck me, now!", wailed Anita.

John slowed his pace. "Any cock, Anita?", he asked again.

"What?", she asked, coming out of her trance.

"Do you need John's cock?", asked Caroline.

"Or would mine do?", volunteered Malcolm.

"Huh? You mean..."

"Precisely, Anita. Ever done an uncircumcised dick before?", asked Caroline. "That little something extra does give a little something extra, if you know what I mean. How about it?"

"You mean, switch off? Swap husbands?", she glanced at her husband to get his take on affairs. He shrugged and smiled at her. She looked back to Caroline, now one-handing Malcolm's very interesting erection.

"Guys like to think of it as swapping wives.", commented Malcolm blissfully. "Well John, you game? I've got to tell you, Caroline can be quite creative about this sort of thing? And I sure would like to spend some time with Anita."

"Fine by me.", said John. "Anita?"

Anita stared hungrily at Malcolm's crotch, then growled. "Uurgghhhh. Let's go."
Chapter 19
Home - Top   Feedback to author


Home « rlfj's Page « The Storm Index « Previous - Settings
Chapter 19
Posted: February 15, 2004 - 02:15:15 pm

In the hallway, outside the door to John's and Anita's room, the foursome stopped. The men kissed their spouses before they separated. On the way up the stairs, Anita had adjusted her top so that her breasts were supported by the fabric of the pulled down top, and Caroline had removed her gown. Now they were practically nude, Anita in only her top and shoes, and Caroline only in her panties and heels. Malcolm was naked also, carrying his clothes, as well as Caroline's and Anita's. Only John was still dressed; he had pulled his pants back up after the foursome had risen from their chairs to come upstairs.

Caroline opened the bedroom door and stepped inside. John lingered a moment more, watching the figure eight his wife's round ass globes made moving down the hall. He began to regret that he had turned down the offer of a four-way party.

"Coming, John?", asked Caroline.

John turned towards the open door, to see Caroline leaning back against the dresser, rubbing her pussy through the crotchless panties. He smiled. "Soon, I'm sure. Soon." He stepped inside and closed the door behind him, then walked over to her, unbuttoning his shirt.

Caroline reached out and began to undo John's belt. "Well, lover, anything special in mind?"

"Like what?"

"Oh, you know. Should I take my panties and heels off? Or leave them on. Did you want me to put on something special? Or play games?"

"Oh.", said John, suddenly unsure of himself. "Uh, I hadn't thought of anything special, I guess. Do you want to get undressed?" By now John's pants were in a pile around his feet, his manhood pointing up and out at Caroline.

"Unh, unh. Tonight's your night. Whatever you want to do, I'm game. Have you found the toy box yet?", Caroline asked.

"Toy box?"

Caroline knelt down and opened the bottom drawer of the dresser. At this height John's erection was staring her in the face, so she stuck her tongue out and briefly licked the tip. A small droplet of pre-cum was her reward as she pulled back. "We call it the toy box. Every room has one." She stuck her hand in and pulled out a large vibrator. "See? Toys." She put the dildo back and pulled out a butt plug and a small leather whip. "Or is this your style?" She replaced the items and pulled out a pair of handcuffs with a key attached to the chain. "No? Well, that's all right, I just love plain sex, too. Isn't that a funny way to talk - plain sex? When there's nothing plain about fucking at all, is there?"

"Uh, wow! You like games, huh? Cool."

"I adore games.", Caroline said huskily. "I think you liked those handcuffs.", she said, picking them up again. "Your cock gave a real twitch at the sight of them. Want to tie me up, tie me down?" She twirled the cuffs around on a finger, then pulled his feet out of his shoes, socks, and pants. Kissing his penis again, she stood up, pressing herself against him. "Want to cuff me? Front or back?"

"Yeah, well, sure.", John said, dazed.

"What, front or back?"

John began to get into the spirit of things. Gently turning her away from him, he pulled her hands behind her waist. "Well, if they were around front, you might find a way to get loose, couldn't you." He cuffed her wrists behind her back, taking care to be sure they weren't too tight. He led to her the side of the bed, then sat down on the edge. "Why don't you see if you can warm things up first?", John said as he put his hands on her waist and slowly pushed Caroline to the floor.

"I think I can get things nicely lubricated from here.", said Caroline as she straightened her legs out underneath her, squatting between his spread legs. John's cock was jutting stiffly upwards. "Just say when you want me to stop." So saying, Caroline opened her mouth wide and positioned it over her guest's cockhead.

What then ensued was a blowjob the likes of which John had rarely experienced before. Caroline had been practicing for years on the cock of almost every man who had come through the front door, some small, some large, some gargantuan. A connoisseur of cockflesh, Caroline thought that John's was most definitely a big league, grade A, government prime penis. At her first inhale, she took his cock halfway into her mouth, then worked all nine inches in on the next try. As her head began to bounce up and down at John's crotch, he rapidly lost the notion that this would only be a warm-up to pussy action. Fuck that! Go for the blowjob!

John collapsed backwards onto the bed as he murmured over and over, "God, that's good... Don't stop... suck me, suck me..." His hands were in her hair as she mouthfucked him. John couldn't explain the tickling sensation on his balls. He couldn't believe she had undone the cuffs, but he felt much too excited to care to look. Caroline was performing a trick Anita had never learned. With his cock halfway down her throat, suctioning his piston, she had pushed her tongue out from between her lips and was licking his shaft and balls.

Caroline sat upright, stopping the blowjob. "All right, John? Any problems? Remember, say when!"

"Oh, you bitch!", John moaned. Reaching out, he grasped her head and dragged it back to his groin. "Just suck me off!", he cried. Caroline giggled momentarily before she opened her mouth to accept him again. "Just like that... don't stop...", he muttered to her.

After a few more minutes John's hips began bucking upwards at her. "Oh, God!... don't stop... I'm going to come... take it, take it!" Caroline began to suck on the end of his cock and John's seed began to fill her hungry mouth. "Take it...", he said weakly as his dick spasmed an immense load of jism. Caroline concentrated on swallowing and took every drop greedily.

As his cock began to subside, John caressed Caroline's head fondly. "That was great.", he said hoarsely.

"Why don't I get you hard again, so you can put this bad boy up my slit?", asked Caroline rhetorically. She swallowed the last of his come and leaned back in towards John's flaccid penis. Now she began to lick his upper thighs and balls. For about fifteen minutes his cock stayed soft, but blood began to fill and firm it as she positioned herself lower. Now licking the rim of his asshole, she was pleased to see an erection blossoming above her. She gave John's asshole one last kiss, then climbed to her feet. "I think you liked that." Awkwardly she climbed onto the bed, then rolled onto her stomach and drew her legs up, raising her ass off the bed. "I did something for your asshole, now you do something for mine. Fuck me in the ass, John.", she pleaded.

John sat upright and looked over at Caroline, now kneeling with her thighs spread wide. "Sure, sure thing. Any KY or Vaseline around?", he asked.

Begging, Caroline said, "Come on, just put it in. Stick it in my pussy, that's real wet, trust me!"

John grinned and shrugged. "You say so." He positioned himself behind her and directed his erection at the gaping pussy he could see through the open panties. Slowly he worked his cock inside, as Caroline cried out in pleasure. This felt so good, John didn't want to stop.

"Now, John, now. It's wet! Now fuck me in the ass. Please!"

"Uh, okay." John pulled his cock out of Caroline's hot and dripping cunt, then grabbed the end and began pushing it against the upper hole. It was a very tight fit, and Caroline let out a little whimper, half pain and half pleasure. John stopped cold.

"Are you sure you want me to do this?", he asked.

"Oh fuck, John, just put it in! Just go slowly. I'll be fine, it's just been a long time since I had a cock this big in there.", she said.

John began to slowly push his way inside. When he had about two inches buried in Caroline's rectum, he pulled out slowly to the point only his cockhead was inside. Then he pushed back in again, going about an inch deeper. Slowly, John worked his cock into Caroline's asshole, as she all the while begged him to put it all the way in. He couldn't believe the friction and heat, as he looked down to see her pink anus stretched to bursting around his erection. The urgency of the evening was behind him now, and he began to thrust rapidly the full length of his shaft, in and out as Caroline orgasmed beneath him. After her second come, she collapsed down onto the bed and John followed her along. Her manacled hands tried to stroke his stomach as he slowed and straddled her thighs, his cock still buried inside her. Now, as she shrieked in joy, John really began to ream her ass with his cock. Caroline clamped her anus down on the intruder, and John finally exploded deep within her bowels, grunting and sweating.

Weak-kneed, John undid the cuffs and slowly pulled out, his cock making a satisfying, plopping sound, then he rolled off her onto his back. Caroline crawled onto his chest and kissed him. "That was simply superb, Mister Andrews." She crawled off the bed and stood up. "Let's clean up and go to bed, huh?" She headed for the bathroom, with John close behind her.

"Malcolm, would you mind if I took this off? It's killing me?", asked Anita, pointing at her stretch top. She was sitting on Malcolm's and Caroline's emperor sized bed, which Malcolm had led her to. After he had closed the door to the bedroom behind them, he had tossed the clothes he held on the floor and stretched out on the bed, his erection pointing skyward. "My shoes, too?", she pleaded.

"Sure, make yourself comfortable. But I have one request of you, too."

"Oh, what's that?", she asked as she peeled the lace off.

"Let me leave the light on.", said Malcolm. He pointed behind him at the lamp lit at the head of the bed. "I want to see you in all your glory."

Anita giggled and began to remove her heels. "Fine by me. I want to watch you fuck the living shit out of me. You will fuck the living shit out of me, won't you?", she asked teasingly.

"I will certainly try." He looked her over as she sat curled next to him on the bed. "God, you are absolutely beautiful!", he exclaimed. He reached out a hand and lightly stroked up the outside of a thigh, moved across her deeply indented navel, and cupped a large, globular breast. Anita sighed and her nipples became rigid with anticipation. In turn, she reached out and lightly touched his firm cock, tracing the veins along the underside and circling the head as it proudly stood out from it's shroud.

"Oh, that feels good.", said Malcolm quietly.

Upon hearing this, Anita shifted closer to Malcolm midsection and firmly grasped the gloriously erect cock. Wrapping a hand around the shaft, she began to stroke up and down slowly. In response, Malcolm's dick became even firmer and larger, the cockhead bulging out in purple splendor. Malcolm released her breast and began to idly stroke her side, as his eyes closed and his hips began to slowly thrust up and down on the bed.

What an interesting idea, thought Anita. She hadn't given John a handjob in years, he almost always had her combine that with a blowjob. As she concentrated on jacking off Malcolm, varying the length and frequency of her strokes and running her thumb over the tip, she was rewarded with several drops of precum. She used this to lubricate her fingers and began to increase her speed. By now, Malcolm was groaning in pleasure, as his hips pumped.

"Don't stop, don't stop...", he moaned repeatedly, his eyes shut tightly. Several minutes later his body went rigid and sagged into the cushions, as Anita saw a large spurt of jism erupt from the cock in her hand and arc up onto Malcolm's chest. She continued to pump him and several smaller streams sprayed into the air before the explosion ended. His penis began to soften and Anita removed her hand. Malcolm's eyes opened to see her licking a few droplets of come from her hand. They smiled at each other.

"I think you liked that.", said Anita. She reached out to his white-haired chest and wiped a dollop of jism up with an index finger, then sensuously licked it off.

"Oh, I did, I did!", replied her lover. He took the hand stroking her and wiped more come off his chest. Holding his hand up to her face, he grinned as she licked each finger and the palm clean. "But I think turnaround is fair play, don't you agree?"

"Very much so, but I think we have a problem here." She wiggled his limp dick. "He doesn't want to play.", she pouted.

"Give me some time and I'll be up and around. But in the meantime..." Malcolm roused himself and sat up. He sat on the bed beside Anita. "Tell me, do you like to have your pussy licked?"

Anita's eyes lit up. "I love to have my pussy licked! I just wish John did it more often!"

"Excellent. Why don't I just pass the time licking your pussy? Is that alright with you?"

Anita began to rearrange herself on the bed. "Oh, Malcolm, don't ask, just do!"

"Fine. Now, sit on the edge of the bed... just like that... now spread your legs... Great!" Malcolm stood and moved between her legs, than sank down to his knees. Looking up into her eagerly anticipating face, he finished. "Now, I just love to eat out a woman. So you tell me when you like something I do or dislike something I do. Don't be shy or embarrassed, just sing out, okay?"

"Uh, sure, whatever you say." Anita leaned back and supported herself on her elbows, looking down through her gently sagging breasts to watch.

After only a brief time, Anita knew Malcolm to be a master cuntlapper. Surprisingly, to her, rather than simply dive straight in, he started by gently licking and nibbling her thighs, working his way upwards from her knees, alternating left and right. She was dripping with desire by the time he reached their junction, but even then delayed the inevitable, kissing and licking all around her pussy but avoiding her lips and clit. The anticipation was almost too great for her to bear.

"Oh, God, Malcolm! Lick my clit!", she cried out.

As Malcolm had planned, his delay had worked Anita to a fever pitch. Without further delay, his fingers reached up and spread her pussy lips wide and his mouth homed in on her clitoris. Opening his lips, he wrapped them around the prominent red bud and began to vigorously lick and suck on it. Anita shrieked and began to thrash above him on the bed. "I'm coming, I'm coming!", she began to cry out, as sweat poured out of her pores. "I'm coming!" Anita's hands snaked through Malcolm's hair as she held him to her grinding groin.

Malcolm slowed the pace and allowed Anita to come down off her orgasm. As her breathing returned to normal, he drew back slightly and began to kiss her upper thighs again. He reveled in pride at the work he was performing - it was with no vanity that he considered himself to be the best cuntsucker he had ever met. Once, after greeting an arriving couple in the parlor, he was delighted when the wife sat down on the couch, pulled her skirt up to reveal stockings and no panties, and had begged him, in front of her husband, to eat her out. His sensitive aquiline nose could smell the musky aroma of satisfied wench.

Moving back inwards, Malcolm began to lick up the sweet tasting nectar which had flowed copiously from Anita's pussy and down to the crack of her ass. As he began to drink up her juices, Anita's natural reaction was to produce more. Malcolm pulled her hips slightly towards the edge of the bed, and began to slowly, and then more rapidly, lick Anita's pussy from the clitoris to the bottom and beyond. He tongued her ruby pucker of anus and the delicate tissues between. He was gratified to see her labia begin to twitch and spasm involuntarily, as she began to ride the crescendo of a new orgasm.

It was only after Anita's third orgasm, a fast and furious direct assault on her clit, that she dragged him by the ears up from between her legs. "Wow! You are something else, let me tell you!"

Malcolm grinned at her, his juice drenched face glistening. "You liked?"

"Christ, yes!", exclaimed Anita. "You are going to have to give John lessons!"

"Well, if you say so." Malcolm laughed and stood upright. Looking down at his own midsection, he commented, "And look who's decided to come back to the party."

Anita looked down to see an uncircumcised erection pointing in her direction. She scooted backwards on the bed and spread her legs wide. "Well, good God, Malcolm, climb on top and put that thing to good use!" She reached up and began to draw him towards her.

"Whatever you say, Anita, whatever you say.", he laughed as he lowered himself into the hot gaping flesh.
Chapter 20
Home - Top   Feedback to author


Home « rlfj's Page « The Storm Index « Previous - Settings
Chapter 20
Posted: February 17, 2004 - 10:30:16 pm

The twins hustled off to their room like scalded cats. Neither quite understood what had gotten into their mother, and their father's response seemed really odd. While they had not seen Anita flashing gash at Malcolm and Caroline, they were both rather put out by her intentional sexual display, and simply could not understand how their father had tolerated it.

Laurie switched into a fairly transparent chemise as Cory put on an undersized babydoll. Slipping short robes on, they barefooted their way out the door and down the hall. Once at the back steps, they went down to the entertainment room in the basement, planning on watching TV on the large projection set, hopefully with Tony to provide some real entertainment.

Tony was absent, but Reeves was there, ensconced in the center of the couch, slouched down. No longer in full uniform, he had removed his tie and jacket and was watching CNN. He looked up as they entered the room.

"Hi girls, want to watch the news?", he asked.

"Sure, Mister Reeves.", said Cory. "What's on?"

"Just the news. And besides, just call me Reeves. Actually, it's my middle name."

"What's your last name then?", asked Laurie.

"It's Farnham, Laurie.", he replied.

Laurie looked at Reeves in surprise. "How do you know I'm Laurie?", she asked.

"Yeah, even Dad gets us mixed up?", chimed in her sister.

Reeves chuckled. "Not your Mom?"

Laurie simply shook her head, no. "Mom can always tell us apart, but most people can't. How did you?" The twins sat down on the couch on opposite sides of the butler and slouched back as he had.

Reeves shrugged. "I could say I counted freckles but I didn't." He laid the palm of one hand lightly on Laurie's knee. "You, Laurie, have a very faint scar right here on your thigh." He traced the fine white line with a finger. Then leaving his hand on her thigh, he placed the other hand on her sister's leg. "And Cory doesn't." He left both hands on the girls' legs, gently rubbing them.

Cory and Laurie both silently enjoyed Reeves' ministrations and decided not to remove his hands. Laurie spoke up, "I had a bike accident a few years ago, that's when I got the scar. You have good eyes, Mr. Farnham."

"Or were you just looking at our legs?", asked Cory, grinning and stretching out on the couch. Both legs were uncovered by the short robe, up to her pantied crotch.

"Please, just Reeves." He moved his hands slightly farther up the girls' thighs. To Laurie, he said, "I do have good eyes,", and to Cory he said, "and I like to look at legs. Especially the legs of very pretty girls." He continued to massage the twins thighs as he sensed them warming to his touch. "You sure you want to watch the news?", he asked.

Laurie spoke from half-closed eyes. "Mmm. Actually, we were kind of looking for Tony."

"I think he was busy.", said Reeves. The last he had seen of Tony, Phoebe was looking for some cock. "If you want, I can switch channels. We have a dish that gets almost anything."

"Like what?", quizzed Cory. Like her sister, Cory could feel her pussy moistening as Reeves rubbed her upper thigh.

"Well..." Reeves pulled his hands off the girls and reached for the remote control on the coffee table his feet were propped on. Examining the settings on the control panel, he pressed a few buttons and the scene switched. "Like this.", he said. A network display showed the Playboy Channel, then turned into the beginning of a movie. "Ever seen this before?", he asked conversationally. Both girls uttered fascinated no's.

Reeves leaned back into the couch and spread his arms out. Cory and Laurie tucked themselves against his sides and snuggled down to watch. Neither had ever seen a pornographic film before, and were amazed as a handsome man began to undress a well-stacked blonde onscreen. While both had seen some R-rated films on HBO with naked women, this went well beyond those. In short order, both actors were as naked as jaybirds, with the man and woman in a torrid 69. Then the man climbed on top of the woman, inserted himself, and proceeded to screw her in a variety of positions. Although the film had been edited to prevent his erection from showing, it was obvious what was happening.

Both Cory and Laurie were fascinated and quite turned on by the show. Before the movie was halfway over, each of them had forgotten the presence of Reeves. Their legs and robes were spread wide and both had both hands idly rubbing their clits and pussies. For his part, Reves was quite content with the show the girls were putting on for him. While he considered the movie quite common for the genre, the twins had definitely given him a world-class hardon.

As the third onscreen coupling, a lesbian session, ended, Reeves slowly dropped his arms closer around Cory and Laurie's shoulders. Their robes were open now, and he could see their full breasts and pert nipples clearly through their thin lingerie. Carefully, so as not to disturb their fingerplay, he brought his fingertips down to an erect nipple and began to gently rub around the pink tip. Their actions could not have been more to his liking. Without taking their eyes from the screen, each of them pulled one hand away from their crotch and began to rub the front of his pants, stroking his erection through his pants. By the end of the movie, Reeves had moved his hands under their tops and was firmly fondling nipples, and Cory and Laurie had managed to unzip his pants and pull out his slim cock, to give him a very pleasant hand job.

The movie ended to be followed in short order by another. This movie started with a scene of a mammoth breasted redhead straddling a man on a chair, fucking him as he sucked her breasts. At this point Reeves spoke up.

"God, girls, you keep that up I'm going to pop."

Cory giggled and said, "So what should we do instead?" She wrapped her hand around his shaft and vigorously squeezed it.

Reeves groaned as he controlled himself. "Jesus, why not that?", he said, indicating the film.

"Okay, I'm first.", cried out Laurie. Before her sister could stop her, Laurie had spun on the couch and straddled Reeves thighs.

"Hey, no fair.", protested Cory.

"Tough.", said Laurie, scooting forward and lifting up. "Besides, you're still wearing panties." She lifted the chemise to show her lack as she sank down onto the cock facing her. Reeves used one hand to guide it inside, as the other steadied one hip. "Ohhh!", she moaned in contentment.

"So what.", complained Cory. So saying, she promptly stood and undressed. Naked, she knelt on the couch facing the fucking pair, running her hands over them. Reeves reached over as Laurie bounced atop him, running one hand over Cory's breasts as the other gently probed the moistness of her groin. Laurie quickly stripped off her chemise as she gyrated atop Reeves.

Reeves still had contained himself when Laurie shuddered in passion and orgasm. As she subsided, Cory pushed her off of Reeves' lap. As his wetly glistening cock waved in the air, she took her sister's position and sank down onto the butler. "God this feels good!", she exclaimed, bouncing on the cock inside her cunt. Reeves repeated the hand motions he had used on her with her sister. By now, though, the girls had worked him to a fever pitch. Moments after both sisters spasmed and came, so did he, arching his back and half lifting Cory off his lap with the strength of his spurting.

Slowly the trio sank back into the couch. Cory rolled off Reeves lap and the two girls snuggled up next to their fucker, gently rubbing the cock in his lap, to restore it to vitality. Reeves concentrated on alternately kissing the girls and thanking them.

"Umm, that was nice.", commented Cory. "What next?", she murmured contentedly.

"Well, er, how about that?", asked Reeves, pointing back to the television.

The twins glanced up at the screen, to find a blonde with her face buried in a man's crotch. Again, the editing left out only the most graphic aspects of the onscreen blowjob.

"Ooh, yuck!", exclaimed Laurie.

"Yeah, really Mister Reeves! You want us to do that?", said her sister.

Reeves shrugged and smiled. "Well, I sort of enjoy it."

"I couldn't.", protested Laurie.

"Me neither."

"You two would be surprised.", said a feminine voice.

Laurie and Cory looked around wildly for the speaker, covering themselves as best they could. They found Phoebe entering the room from the side entrance, with Tony and Jeanine in tow.

"What was that?", asked Laurie.

The threesome came around the couch in front of Reeves and the girls. Both Phoebe and Jeanine were wearing long terry robes and were barefoot, while Tony wore a cotton sweatsuit and slippers. Laurie and Cory relaxed slightly, but still covered themselves to some extent. Reeves took no seeming notice of the intrusion, his half-hard cock twitching slightly in the open.

"I said, you'd be surprised. Blow jobs can be a lot of fun. You should learn how to give one.", said Phoebe.

"It's a great way to get a dick hard.", commented Jeanine. "Wet, too."

"Uh, gee... I don't know...", said Laurie. Laurie and Cory looked at each other in some confusion. The scuttlebutt at school was that girls didn't like them, but that the boys were always after the girls to give them.

Jeanine laughed and looked at Tony. "Let's ask the guys. Tony, do you like having your prick sucked?"

The handyman simply laughed and smiled.

"Reeves?"

"Hell, I'm the one who suggested it.", he snorted.

"We can show you. It's easy. Come on, let's settle down on the couch and get comfortable.", said Phoebe. So saying, she gently moved Cory out of the way and positioned Reeves and Tony at opposite ends of the large couch, with room to maneuver around each. Then Phoebe knelt next to Reeves with Laurie, and Jeanine took Cory and knelt before Tony.

"First things first.", commented Jeanine. So saying she reached up and opened Tony's robe. An erection formed a tent in his loose sweatpants. Firmly grasping the elastic waistband, she tugged them down off his hips and off his legs. A pleasantly large erection waved in the air between his legs. Beside him, Reeves had also come to life, and the contrast between the two was interesting to the twins. Tony's erect penis was much thicker and wider than Reeves', tapering down to a small cockhead. Reeves cock was considerably thinner, although equally long, but sported a cockhead much larger. Both were quite a bit bigger than their boyfriends' back home.

"Okay, now gently take it in your hands and start to jack it off.", said Phoebe to Laurie. Laurie gingerly reached up and grasped it with thumb and forefinger of one hand. "No, no.", said Phoebe in smiling exasperation. Laurie blushed but was silent. "It's almost like you've never seen one of these before. It won't break off." She took both of Laurie's hands and firmly wrapped them around the shaft. "That's it, just like you're beating off your boyfriend back home. Do you have a boyfriend back home?", she asked.

Laurie blushed again and nodded.

"Ever jerk him off? Come on, you can tell us?", coaxed the cook.

Again, Laurie blushed and nodded. "Well, okay then. You already know the basics. The only thing different is that you lick and suck the end while you jack off Reeves. Right, Reeves?", asked Phoebe.

"Sounds fine to me.", he said, chuckling.

"Just watch what I do and keep jacking." So saying she bent her head down and began to kiss and lick the large purple knob in front of her. Laurie concentrated on her hand job, noticing that Reeves dick seemed firmer in her hands and the head of his penis seemed to darken and swell noticeably. Beside her, Jeanine was offering her sister similar advice and encouragement. "Now, you try it.", said Phoebe.

Slightly startled, Laurie stopped her hand motions and leaned in to kiss the cock in front of her. She had just started licking the head when Phoebe told her, "No, keep rubbing his cock. Jack and suck, jack and suck." After a few minutes of Laurie licking the tip, Phoebe interrupted again. "Here, let me show you the next step. You keep up the hand job. Watch."

Laurie leaned back on her heels, allowing Phoebe access to Reeves' crotch. Phoebe briefly licked the head of the cock, then opened her mouth wide and took the head between her lips. Closing her lips around the glans, she began to slowly bob her head up and down in Reeves' lap. Laurie was fascinated by the way her cheeks drew in from suction, and the way that Reeves sighed in contentment.

After several minutes, Phoebe sat back up. "Now you try it.", she told Laurie. Laurie looked at the cockhead and saw a small drop on the tip, at the slit. "Go on, that's just the start of his come. Just keep sucking and we'll get him off just fine."

Laurie licked at the droplet, finding it slightly salty and sweet, then wrapped her lips around the head and sucked it into her mouth. Trying to imitate Phoebe, she pushed too far forward and started gagging on the cock in her mouth. As she tried to pull away Phoebe gently kept her in position. "It's okay, just don't try to take him so far in at first... breathe through your nose... suck, remember to suck... open your jaws wider... you don't want to bite it off... just bob your head and suck... you're doing fine, isn't she Reeves?"

In response, Reves simply groaned and placed his hand on the back of Laurie's head. Laurie felt herself being pushed lower and began to gag again, but Phoebe removed his hand and she was able to settle back into a steady pace. She began to get the rhythm of the act and began to speed up her jacking of his shaft and the sucking of the head when Reeves began to grunt. As his crotch began to push up towards her, the cock in her mouth began to pulse and her mouth filled with more, much more, of the sticky substance she had tasted before. Gagging slightly, she pulled up and off, to be rewarded by another spurt on her chin. Phoebe dived in, getting some on her lips before she could put the throbbing cock in her mouth. Jacking and sucking, she finished the job. In short order, Reeves had settled back into the cushions and Phoebe had sat upright, grinning and smacking her lips, leaving a limp cock in her wake.

"That wasn't so bad, was it?", she asked Laurie.

"Uh, no, I guess not." Laurie swallowed the come in her mouth, not wanting to simply spit it out. "It kind of surprised me when he came, though."

Phoebe nodded in understanding. "You'll get used to that. After a while you'll start being able to predict when a guy is going to come and get ready for it. Clean up time."

"Huh?", asked Laurie.

"Clean plate club! We've got come on our faces. Lean over, I'll clean you up." Laurie was surprised when, leaning over Reeves outstretched legs, Phoebe stuck her tongue out delicately and licked the juice from her chin. Finding this quite erotic, Laurie returned the favor, licking the come off Phoebe's lips, savoring the taste.

The two were stopped from any further licking by a loud groan coming from Tony. Looking over, they saw Cory with his cock well into her mouth sucking as best she could and trying not to gag on the copious flow. Some of his seed ran out of her mouth and down his thick shaft but she gamely sucked on, swallowing when possible. Finally she sat upright, jism smeared around her lips and grinned over at her sister. "That didn't taste at all like the girls at school said.", she said brightly. "In fact, I thought it tasted pretty good!" Beside her Jeanine smiled and bent over Tony's crotch, licking the overflow out of his pubic hair. Phoebe moved over and licked the come off Cory's face.

Jeanine looked up and said, "Now, let's show you another reason to suck off a guy."

"What's that?", asked Cory.

"To get him hard enough to fuck you."
Chapter 21
Home - Top   Feedback to author


Home « rlfj's Page « The Storm Index « Previous - Settings
Chapter 21
Posted: February 23, 2004 - 12:59:44 am

John woke slowly, reveling in the half-waking, half-dreaming state. At first he was only aware that he was not alone in the bed, but as time passed, he knew that the other person was a female, a naked female, a female whose bare ass was warmly pressed against his crotch. John enjoyed the feeling as he rose towards full consciousness, and he moved an arm up and over the waist of his bedmate.

Caroline's contented murmur brought John to groggy alertness. Somewhat surprised, he reviewed the events of the night before. Well after midnight, finally sated, they had crawled under the sheets, exhausted, and collapsed into sleep. Now, he could feel his manhood awakening, and knew what should be done about it.

Snuggling closer to Caroline, John moved his hand up her torso to cup a breast and began a gentle thrusting motion with his hips, rubbing his cock shaft against the crack of her ass. Caroline murmured happily. Bringing a hand slowly to his, she guided his fingers to the nipple and silently directed his fondlings. She began to rotate her ass back into his cock. Eyes still shut she quietly said, "Good morning. I see you have a wakeup call planned."

"Good morning to you too, Caroline. I hope you don't mind. I find you rather inspiring."

"Not at all. Please, keep waking me." Caroline lifted her leg slightly and moved so that John's penis slid between her thighs. John carefully took aim and slid his cockhead into her pussy. Caroline gave a slight shudder and moved so as to fully engulf the oversized intruder, then closed her legs, trapping him inside. "Mmmm, that's nice."

John began a slow but full thrusting. "I agree entirely. I always enjoy it when Anita wakes me this way." Gently he took the fingers directing his and moved them to her crotch. Now he began directing her masturbation of her clitoris. Again Caroline shuddered, this time making a small whimper as well. John left her fingers where they were and went back to manipulating Caroline's pleasantly erect nipples.

"Anita wakes you with a fuck?", asked a curious Caroline.

"Well, not quite a fuck.", admitted John. "But Saturday or Sunday, she usually wakes me with a blow job, and then maybe we fuck."

"Maybe?"

"What can I say? Some mornings I just want a blow job."

Caroline giggled and shifted slightly, parting her legs. Reaching further down, she began to lightly scratch her fingernails along her guest's cock as it pistoned in and out of her slick tunnel.

John gave a low groan of pleasure. "Ohhh. And some mornings I just want to fuck." So saying, he firmly grasped her hip and began to move more rapidly against Caroline. "Don't stop that."

"What, this?", giggled Caroline. Now she moved both hands between her legs and began to firmly rub John's cock and balls.

"Yeah, that!", grunted John. "Oh, God, I think I'm going to come..."

"Fuck my pussy, John, fuck my pussy!", cried out Caroline, forcing a finger into her cunt alongside John's dick. "Fuck my pussy!"

John gave a low grunt and began to shudder, his prick spasming and spewing a night's worth of juice into the greedy cunt devouring it. Caroline cooperated by clenching her twat around him and gently pumping his nuts for all he could give. Finally, after a seeming eternity of spewing his come, John rolled onto his back, a light sheen of perspiration coating his chest.

Caroline slowly rolled over towards him. She gave him a quick kiss on the lips, then settled back, her head resting in the hairs of his heaving chest. "You know, I like a good wakeup fuck, too. There's nothing like having a nice big cock up my cunt to get my batteries recharged for the day ahead. I bet Anita feels the same way."

"So she says. You think Malcolm will charge her battery for her?"

"I'm sure of it."

The pair lazed in bed for another ten minutes, talking idly of their spouses. John began to feel his cock stiffening again, but this time from the need to urinate. Excusing himself, he shifted out of the bed and went into the bathroom. After pissing and brushing his teeth, he slipped into the shower for a fast cleanup.

Turning off the water, John stepped out of the shower to find Caroline sitting on the toilet, finishing her ablutions. She had slipped on a long terry robe, but it was spread wide as she wiped herself. John dried himself as he openly watched her, his cock rapidly inflating as he eyed her full breasts and naked quim, his dried come clearly visible on her breasts from a titfuck the previous night.

"John, you're a dirty old man.", joked Caroline.

"No, I'm a dirty middle-aged man."

"Well come here, let me take care of that." Caroline slipped the robe off as John neared her. Still sitting on the toilet, she leaned forward and took his erection into her mouth. Sucking heavily, she reached between his legs and stuck a forefinger into his asshole. Moments later, John groaned and came yet again.

Caroline stood, licking her lips, and put the robe back on. "Let's go find those other two. Then we can clean up and go car shopping."

Quietly the pair left the room and walked barefoot down the hall to the master bedroom. Caroline tapped lightly on the door, then entered before a reply was made. If she and John had been expecting to discover Anita and Malcolm in mid-copulation they were disappointed. Malcolm was sitting in a love seat reading a book while Anita was taking a shower. Caroline gave her husband a quick kiss, then went into the bathroom to visit her guest.

"Good morning, John. Well rested? Or not?", asked a smiling Malcolm as he laid down his book.

John Andrews smiled. "Mmmm, yes, or no, depending on how I take that. We did get some sleep, I suppose. You?", he asked, looking meaningfully at the well rumpled and stained sheets of the massive bed.

"Eventually, eventually.", laughed Malcolm. "Perhaps this evening we should all get together in the parlor. Compare notes or such?"

John grinned over at his host. In a low voice, he replied, "Screw the notes. Let's just fuck the shit out of the women instead!"

"Precisely!"

"Precisely what?", asked Anita, entering the room, followed by Caroline. Her hair was still wet and she wore a somewhat too small towel wrapped around her. Her nipples peeked out of the top and her buttocks jutted out from the rear, while in front it gaped open to show her belly from the navel to the auburn cleft below.

"Oh, nothing dear. Just talking about today's plans.", lied John easily. The sight of his wife practically naked had an immediate effect on him, his cock inflating instantly.

Anita shrugged and walked past him towards the clothes lying on the floor. As she bent over to pick them up she held the towel together one-handed at her tits. As her ass swung towards him John reacted as if by instinct. Turning towards her, he unzipped his pants and stepped forward. Yanking the towel away, he bent his knees and slipped his cock into her yawning pussy before she had a chance to stop him.

Anita squawked, "John!", and tried to move away, but her husband's hands held her hips against him. "John, stop it!"

John pulled out till only his cockhead was still inside her cunt, then pushed back in even faster. "Don't complain, comply."

"But John, the Jensons...", cried Anita weakly. The waves of pleasure were rapidly weakening her desire for modesty.

John looked over his shoulder at their hosts. "They aren't complaining!", he commented. "Just look." So saying, he awkwardly moved his wife sideways so she could. Anita's eyes widened at the sight.

Caroline had sat down next to Malcolm in the love seat and removed her robe. Now she reached over to her husband and opened his, to begin to fondle the impressive erection he already sported. With one hand in her own groin, she worked herself to wetness, then swung up onto his lap and impaled herself on Malcolm's cock. Thrusting both hands into her bald crotch, she began to caress her clit and Malcolm's shaft.

"Sloppy seconds?", asked Malcolm of his wife.

"More like sloppy fourths or fifths.", she replied. Neither one took an eye off of the rutting John and Anita. For their part, John and Anita could not stop watching the others.

Anita stopped her complaints and concentrated on pleasing herself and John. Reaching back, she held onto her mate's body as he thrust rapidly into her grasping twat. The pleasures of sheer animal fucking drove her to orgasm only moments before the other three came, and she could feel her husband's spunk spraying the walls of her cunt as he spasmed his joy.

Pulling away, Anita retrieved her clothing while John wiped come from his dick and tucked himself back into his pants. Then Anita gave both Caroline and Malcolm kisses on the cheek and led the way back to her room. Once there, John moved so as to take his wife to bed, but Anita stopped him firmly.

"We've got to get dressed, you horny bastard. We have to buy a car."
Chapter 22
Home - Top   Feedback to author


Home « rlfj's Page « The Storm Index « Previous - Settings
Chapter 22
Posted: February 24, 2004 - 02:06:02 pm

The Andrews and the Jensons were in the dining room within minutes of each other, as Reeves announced breakfast was being served. It was then that John learned just how interesting Jeanine's standard uniform could be. Black high heels, black stockings, and an almost nonexistent French Maid uniform caused Anita's eyes to pop. When Jeanine bent over to serve him pancakes, her breasts popped out of the low cut top, almost hitting John in the eye, and when she bent to serve Caroline he stared open-mouthed at the naked blonde bush seen between her legs.

John continued to follow her with his eyes as she returned to the kitchen, earning a sharp kick from Anita. Turning back to the table he was greeted with smiles from the Jensons and an icy glare from his wife.

"Holy shit!"

At this, everyone laughed, even Anita, kicking him a second time.

Red-faced, John stated, "Quite the outfit. Anita, want to be a maid?" This time he managed to avoid Anita's foot.

Still chuckling, Malcolm said, "Jeanine is an excellent maid, if not quite a maiden. I'm sure she'll be more than happy to take care of any needs you two come up with."

"Yes, and of course you have full kitchen privileges, as well.", finished Caroline.

Unfamiliar with the term, Anita stared blankly, but John remembered it from his fraternity days. "What?... You mean?... This I gotta see!" While his wife watched in confusion, John stood and stuck his head through the swinging door to the kitchen. Phoebe's costume was considerably simpler then Jeanine's - white high heeled pumps and an apron, nothing else. The apron was loose enough up top to see almost all of her ample breasts and gaped open in the back to show both ass cheeks and the valley between them. After a minute of unabashed staring John returned to his seat.

"What, John? What was it?", asked Anita.

"Go look for yourself!"

Anita confusedly went to the door and looked in. The Jensons grinned at her audible inhale and double take. Phoebe further shocked Anita by turning to face her and lifting the front of the apron to show her naked gash. Flush-faced, Anita returned silently to her seat.

"I think I'm buying you a new apron when we get home.", commented John smugly.

Anita let this jibe pass, simply saying, "Holy shit is right."

Over the remainder of breakfast, Malcolm and Caroline explained the true operation of the household to Anita, much as Malcolm had explained to John the previous night. "As I mentioned to your husband last night, I suppose we run a rather liberated home.", he said.

By this time Anita had gotten used to the dress code. "Does all this apply only to the women, or do Reeves and Tony provide special services as well?"

Malcolm replied dryly, "Oh, they'll be more than happy to take care of any little thing that needs tending. They can pop up at your slightest desire. Although they won't be able to help your husband. It seems they have no interest whatsoever in servicing our gentlemen guests."

John blanched slightly. "That won't be a problem, Malcolm, rest assured."

Caroline then said, "If any needs arise, Anita, Phoebe and I would love to satisfy them, if you want."

"Oh.", said a wide-eyed Anita. "I've never thought of that before."

"Well if you do, just let somebody know."

By the time breakfast was over, Tony had wandered through to announce that he had brought the car around to the front, and that it was still running to warm up. With that said, Caroline and Anita stood to freshen up while John and Malcolm lingered over their coffee. Anita returned to her room and touched up her hair and makeup, then stopped in the hallway to check on the girls. Neither had yet woken up and come downstairs.

Cracking the door, Anita was able to peer in on Cory. The shy and timid daughter seemed anything but. The covers were half off her naked form, lying face down, one bare leg sticking out from the quilt. As Anita pushed the door open to inspect further, she heard snoring from behind the door. Looking around the edge of the door, Anita was astonished at Laurie's condition. As was her wont, Laurie had kicked the sheets off completely. Now she lay sprawled out on the bed, stark naked, legs splayed out. Her breasts heaved with her snores, her pert nipples erect. Her sparse but dark pubic hair was stiff and spiky with dry come, and more shone dully on her belly and breasts. Anita knew that if she were to roll Cory over, her condition would be the same. Evidently, the pair had not gone to sleep right away last night, and had partied until the wee hours.

Shaken, Anita silently closed the door and shook her head. It was obvious that Tony could not have provided all the services last night, and Malcolm and John had been occupied, so Reeves must have helped. John? What was she thinking, she thought to herself. Why would she have thought their father would have been screwing them?

By the time she got to the foyer, Anita had composed herself, and accepted her coat from her husband. Neither Tony nor Reeves were around to be questioned, which was probably a good thing. While John knew that the girls were now "sexually active", it still was rather early for whole-hearted acceptance on his part, or hers for that matter. She remained silent on the subject, just saying the twins were still sleeping.

The car Tony had brought around turned out to be a deluxe Jeep, a big model, quite roomy and surprisingly luxurious. Malcolm explained that, what with the winter roads after the storm, it seemed the safe thing to do. As they had planned, they drove the short distance to town to see what the local Chrysler dealership had in stock.

John told Anita that the decision was hers, she would be the one driving it most of the time. So it was Anita who was disappointed by the selection. Station wagons were now out of style, with a very limited selection and none available immediately. When the salesman tried to steer her to the popular minivans, she refused, saying she wasn't about to drive a "Mom Bomb". A sedan wouldn't have the cargo room she needed, and besides, John had one as a company car. Dejected, she led the way back to the Jeep.

Malcolm started the engine and headed back out onto the road. "The nearest big town is Glens Falls. I know they'll have several dealerships there, but just not which ones."

"How far?", asked John.

"About forty-five minutes. Welcome to the boonies."

John simply shrugged his shoulders. "It's not like we're going anywhere, at least not without a car. Might as well."

Malcolm simply nodded and headed east. It was actually closer to fifty minutes before they found a Ford and Jeep dealer in the town. They pulled into the lot about half-past-ten.

Once again, the salesman was pushing minivans. The choice in station wagons was even worse than at the Chrysler showroom. But what caught Anita's eye was a nice green Jeep Cherokee. While not the cross-the-Sahara-in-comfort model Malcolm and Anita owned, it was still rather nice, and very distinctive. Only the sticker price stopped her drooling. While the Jensons distracted the salesman, Anita pulled John to the side for a whispered conversation. The salesman wasn't really distracted, but he knew the sale was lost when John began to tap on the Jeep's window, right where the sticker showed the price. When John came over and learned what the absolute best price was on it, he simply shook his head, "No." Even on his best day of dickering, it was at least ten thousand too high. Again they hit the road.

The local GM dealership was just down the road from the Ford place and on the drive Anita kept comparing the Jensons' Jeep to the one at the Ford place. It didn't help that Caroline gushed over what a wonderful vehicle it was, how sturdy and safe, and how it could go almost anywhere. Anita hardly looked at the Chevies and Pontiacs. Since it was lunchtime, John had Malcolm find a nice place in town.

"It's my treat.", he said. "I've got to pay back the hospitality somehow."

"You're right, you do.", said a smiling Malcolm. "You're on." He pulled into a parking lot and stopped. "This may not be the Four Seasons, but it'll do." Pointing at a snow covered awning, he said, "Come Spring they put tables and umbrellas out here on the patio. The tourists eat it up. Then every August, during race season at Saratoga, they bring out different menus, with all the prices doubled. What a racket!"

Once inside, the foursome settled down to large and fancy burgers and German beer. Still, Anita remained wistful about the Jeep. Finally John had to tell her to knock it off. "Come on, honey. The insurance settlement on your wagon won't even cover the down payment on that thing, by the time they pay off the bank. And the payments would be ludicrous!"

"I know.", acknowledged Anita. "Still, it was just what I wanted."

"Maybe so, but you can't have it." John thought briefly. "They don't make much in wagons anymore. I think it's going to have to be a minivan."

"God, I hate those things. Every driveway on our street has them! Oh, why couldn't this have happened in two years, when the girls would be in college and we wouldn't need the room."

Malcolm and Caroline had been listening to the Andrews in silence, but at this Malcolm cleared his throat. "Actually, Anita, it gets worse then. You'll need the room to carry their stuff back and forth to college."

"Shit!" Then Anita's eyes opened at her words. Reaching over she patted Malcolm's hand. "I'm sorry. I didn't mean to snap at you. You've been so good to us. It's just, still, oh hell, all right, after lunch we go buy a minivan. Shit!"

Malcolm and Caroline laughed, as much at John's look of relief as Anita's look of disgust. "Have you ever thought of a used car?", he asked.

"Not really.", said John.

Anita was all ears as Malcolm continued. "You wouldn't believe the markdown you take as soon as you drive a new car off the lot. Thousands! You might want to consider it. Get something a year or two old. Maybe even a Jeep."

"What about financing?"

"Interest rate might be a bit higher, but the down payment should be reasonable, and you should be able to stretch a newer car out almost as long as one brand new."

"You think? What do you say, John?", Anita asked, perking up again.

"I don't know..."

"But can we at least look, dear? Please?"

"Well... okay, we'll look. But I am not about to buy some piece of shit junker." John did not look overly happy at the turn of events.

"Goody.", replied his smiling wife. "Well come on, eat up!"
Chapter 23
Home - Top   Feedback to author


Home « rlfj's Page « The Storm Index « Previous - Settings
Chapter 23
Posted: February 26, 2004 - 11:29:27 pm

Anita insisted on heading straight back to the Jeep place to see what they had in used vehicles. To John's surprise, Anita fell in love with a two year old Cherokee Chief, bright red, with only 18,000 miles on it. John ended up dickering with the salesman and the manager for almost an hour before settling on a price. Another half hour was spent arranging the financing and calling the insurance agent to arrange the down payment. Finally, after two hours, they were able to stand and shake hands on the deal. They would be back to pick the Jeep up on Friday morning.

Caroline led the way outside and promptly came back in, bumping into her husband as she did. "What?", he asked.

"It's cold out there. Go get the car and bring it up.", she ordered Malcolm.

"What? Of all the..."

Caroline began to zip up her knee length parka. "It is absolutely freezing out there. You go get the car." Smoothing down her coat, she straightened and began to shoo him towards the door. "Go, go." A new cold front had moved in, dropping the temperature into the frigid teens.

"Christ on a crutch!", muttered Malcolm as he headed outside, hunching his shoulders against the raw wind. Several minutes later he pulled up. "Ever try to find your Jeep at a Jeep place?", he asked rhetorically, as everyone piled in. "I think some bastard was about to sell it!"

On the ride home, as the car began to warm up, Malcolm commented, "You haggled that fellow pretty good, John. I didn't think you could get that extra two hundred out of them."

"Yeah, well, I can talk a long time for two hundred bucks."

"I'll have to let you bargain for my next car."

John grinned. "I don't know. I imagine you've done some hard bargaining in your time."

Malcolm glanced back in the rear view mirror. "What do you mean?"

"Well I just figured, I mean, it's obvious you and Caroline are pretty well off. I just figured you were in business, or had been, anyway."

"Oh that. No not really. I've never been much of a businessman, actually. Lucky I guess. We've never really talked about that, have we, where I got my money, I mean."

"Er, no.", said John uncomfortably. "It's really not my business."

"Oh, that's all right. I don't mind. Why don't I just explain it over dinner, that way I won't have to repeat the story to the girls later."

"Really.", said a flustered John Andrews. "It's not necessary."

Malcolm simply waved the protest off. "It's really no big deal."

By now the Jeep was warmed up nicely, and Malcolm, Anita, and John had opened their coats up. Surprisingly, Caroline kept hers zipped up. John, sitting behind Malcolm, could see her through the gap in the bucket seats. Not only did Caroline unbuckle her seat belt, she then pulled her arms inside her coat. Even Anita noticed when Caroline started to squirm and rustle under the down-filled parka.

"Caroline, what are you doing?", she asked.

"You'll see.", said Caroline, continuing to squirm.

John curiously watched as Caroline's hands dipped below the hem of her coat and unzipped the knee length high-heeled boots she wore. She pushed them off onto the floor, then arched her back in the seat. As John watched through the gap and Anita looked down over the back of the seat, a pile of clothing appeared at Caroline's feet, first her designer jeans, then a flannel shirt, and finally a lacy white brassiere. Finally, she slipped the boots back onto her bare legs and zipped them up. "There!", she exclaimed, half-turning in the seat to face the audience.

"What in the world?", asked John.

"Just getting comfortable.", said Caroline. She slowly unzipped the coat and pulled it open. Beneath the parka, Caroline was now completely nude. She twisted around to face both Malcolm and John, half-leaning on the dash, with her left leg laying on the seat. She pulled the parka open even more, wantonly displaying herself to the others. "Malcolm likes me to be comfortable, don't you, dear?"

"This isn't really fair, Caroline.", said a smiling Malcolm.

"I'm sure Anita understands. I'm just trying to make sure you don't take your millions and leave me for a pair of younger women, Malcolm."

Malcolm sputtered as John and Anita laughed. "Why should I? I have you, the millions, and the pair of younger women anyway. Shit.", he protested.

Caroline languorously lifted an arm to gently lift and caress a huge and erect nipple. "Then what's so unfair, darling?", she asked innocently.

"It's unfair that we're in the Jeep. You are giving me a real erection, bitch, and these bucket seats don't let you blow me!"

"Sorry, darling.", said Caroline, in a voice that left no hint of sorrow. Her other hand now began to manipulate her bald labia. "Just don't get in an accident, dear."

"Bitch!"

John laughed as he stared greedily at the vision in the front seat. Anita eyed her husband and decided on some payback. She had worn the same clothes that they had arrived at the Jensons' home in. She pulled her parka off and pushed it up against the door. John noticed and turned to her.

"Did you have some oral action in mind, too?", he asked.

"Of a sort.", she said. Anita leaned back and unzipped her own pants. Reaching for the hem of her tee shirt, she pulled it and her sweater up and over her breasts. Then she pushed her pants and panties down past her knees. Laying back on her parka, she undid the front clasp on her bra, allowing her massive tits to quiver into view. "Dinner time, John."

"Huh?", he said, feasting his eyes on her charms.

"Eat me."

"Oh." Her husband shifted around on the seat, sinking to the floor and bending in to her. Anita simply grabbed his ears and pulled him to her crotch.

John allowed Anita to guide him to his object of desire. She was as turned on by the situation as he was, wet and musky. Briefly pausing to pull his erect cock out of a pants leg, John dove into his wife's trim, red bush. After about five minutes she stopped running her hands through his hair, and John looked up to see her rubbing and pinching her painfully stiff nipples. Turning back to his work, he began to give long deep strokes with his tongue, licking into his wife's cunt and up to her bright red clitoris. Within another five minutes he had her moaning and squirming on the seat; within ten she was screaming in orgasm, arching her back against the side of the vehicle.

John slowed his pace and eased upright, as Anita descended from the peak. "That was fantastic, John.", she said.

"I agree.", chimed in Caroline from the front seat. John looked over at her to find her licking her fingers. "I frigged myself until I came, too."

John moved to sit on the seat and began to unzip his pants, but Anita had other ideas.

"Please John, once more?"

"But..."

"Please? I'll make it worth your while.", she begged.

John simply gave a smiling shrug and moved back into position. His tongue was beginning to tire, so he went slower, kissing and nibbling Anita's upper thighs and finger fucking her pussy while he licked her clit. This time it took almost twenty minutes before Anita was thrashing in pleasure above his face. Satisfied that now he could get the blow job he so richly deserved, he sat up. By now, Anita was coated with a sheen of perspiration almost as thick as the gloss of her juice on his face.

"Now will you suck me off?", he asked.

"Not yet, hun.", said Anita. "Eat me some more, please."

"Now? We're almost back at the house!", John protested.

"Oh, please!", begged a pouting, half-naked wife. "Malcolm ate me out three times in a row last night. You know you don't eat me out as much as I want. Come on, I'll come fast for you, I promise."

"Oh, hell, all right." John slipped down between Anita's legs again, muttering that his tongue was about to fall out. While he admitted to himself that it probably wasn't his best performance, he concentrated on sucking and fondling her clit and was able to bring his wife off by the time they pulled into the garage. He sat upright in time to see Malcolm hit a button on the dash and hear the electric garage door opener closing.

Anita sat upright slowly as her breathing eased, but John promptly opened his door and got out. Practically racing around the car, he yanked open her door to find her fastening her bra, jeans still around her ankles. Reaching down, he batted her hands away from the clasp and opened it again, then unzipped. Fishing his erect prick out, he stuck it in her face. "Now, take care of this.", he ordered.

"What, here, John?", Anita teased.

"Bitch! Suck me now!", he demanded.

Anita giggled and twisted around on the seat before opening her mouth and swallowing the proffered cock. While John wasn't the cuntsucker Malcolm was, she had enjoyed his oral actions, and was sure to enjoy the revenge he would give later.

Malcolm and Caroline had by this point exited the Jeep and were standing to one side, unabashedly watching Anita's blowjob. Inspired, Malcolm pushed his wife back against the side of the Jeep and unzipped his pants also. As his pants fell down his legs, he spread her thighs and entered her. Their hands frenziedly pulled their buttocks together as they coupled next to John and Anita. Anita finished off John's cock rapidly, then the pair dressed quickly as they eyed their hosts rutting. A few minutes later Malcolm grunted loudly and spasmed into his wife's twat. For her part, Caroline had been orgasming almost nonstop from his entrance.

The foursome adjusted their clothing to go back in the house, although in Caroline's case this simply amounted to zipping up her parka. She simply picked her clothing up off the floor of the Jeep and followed along as they went through a covered breezeway into the basement of the house. Once inside, she simply threw them in the laundry room and led the way up the back stairs into the kitchen.

Almost from the moment the entered the kitchen they could hear squeals and grunts emanating from the direction of the dining room. John was on the verge of asking what was going on when Malcolm touched his arm and held a finger to his lips, motioning for silence. As Anita and John looked at each other in confusion, Malcolm and Caroline crept to the pass-through and opened it slightly. Peering through, they again motioned for silence and waved the Andrews forward. Looking through the crack, they witnessed a sight they had never thought to see in their lives.

The six people left behind during the car shopping were in the dining room, as naked as the day they were born, copulating madly. Tony was lounging back in a chair as one of the twins fellated him, and Phoebe lay on her back beneath her, noisily slurping at the pussy above while she frigged her own clit. Next to Tony sat Jeanine, eyes closed and with her hands running through the hair of the other twin, who was enthusiastically licking her cunt. Meanwhile, Reeves was fucking his twin doggy style and grunting loudly. Every time he slammed in, he pushed the girl deeper into Jeanine's cunt. While John could not tell the girls apart, Anita immediately knew that it was Laurie getting fucked and Cory who was doing the sucking. Shocked looks were on their faces as Malcolm and Caroline dragged them back from the doorway.

They numbly allowed themselves to be dragged back to the stairwell before saying anything. John started to protest but Malcolm cut him off.

"You two go upstairs and rest. We'll wait a minute, then make a lot of noise coming into the kitchen. They'll break apart and won't know we saw them. Don't say anything."

"But...", said Anita.

"But what?", asked Caroline calmly. "You both knew they had lost their virginity. It certainly looked as if they were enjoying themselves. I don't think they were being forced at gunpoint to participate in an orgy."

"But still!", whispered John.

Malcolm simply shook his head negatively. "Did you mean what you said about believing that they were mature enough to make their own decisions on these things?"

"But my babies...", said Anita weakly.

"Are still your babies.", said a smiling Caroline. "They're just not little girls any more. Let them have some fun for a few days. I'm sure things will calm down when they get back home again."

John simply shrugged his shoulders in quiet acquiescence of the inevitable, and took his wife's hand. He led her up the stairs quietly. As they reached the landing, he heard the back door slam and Malcolm's voice ask loudly if Caroline wanted some coffee. He looked at Anita and they could do nothing more then shrug shoulders. He led the way down the hall and ushered his wife into their bedroom.

Once inside he rubbed his face in acceptance and sat down on the bed. He hated to admit it to himself, but he had found the entire episode extremely erotic. He had had an excellent view of his naked daughters and they were no longer the little girls he had helped bathe as babies. The were now slim and sleek, with full breasts and pert nipples, and skin so soft and supple that he almost wished it had been himself getting fucked or sucked. He noticed that he had an enormous erection, and lay down on the bed, centering himself.

Looking up, he noticed that Anita was still standing inside the doorway wrestling with her thoughts. Breaking into her reverie, he called out to her. "Remember in the car, when you said you would make it up to me? It's time."

"What was that?", Anita asked confusedly.

"In the car. You said you would make it up to me. Okay. Do so."

Anita thought back and grinned. "Now?"

"It's only the middle of the afternoon. We have hours until dinner. Now come on and get with the program.", he insisted gently.

"Oh, really?", she commented as she moved towards the bed. "And just what did you have in mind?"

"Payback. I'm giving the orders and you are doing what I want."

"Hmmph. So what's the order?", she said with a smile.

"Get undressed."

By now Anita was getting into the swing of things. She decided to make a show of undressing, performing a slow striptease at the side of the bed. Kicking off her shoes, she went from the top down, removing her sweater and shirt, then turning away and peeling off her brassiere. Then she turned back and jiggled her tits at her husband as she bent and peeled her pants off. She could see a gratifyingly large erection in his pants as she stood up again and pinched her nipples. "Now what?", she asked seductively.

"Now, remember what I was doing for you in the car? You get to do it for me. Now get to work.", he ordered.

Anita crawled onto the bed and knelt next to John. Sitting back on her heels, she undid his belt and zipper, exposing his prodigious cock. Then John reached up and grabbed a the nearest nipple and gently but firmly tugged it downwards. Taking the path of least resistance, she followed it down to find her face in his crotch. Not saying anything more, she simply opened her mouth and took as much in as she could.
Chapter 24
Home - Top   Feedback to author


Home « rlfj's Page « The Storm Index « Previous - Settings
Chapter 24
Posted: March 01, 2004 - 11:32:36 pm

Caroline roused herself from her nap at the sound, a light tapping. As she sat upright it began again, a more insistent knocking on her bedroom door. "It's open!", she called out, pulling the bedsheet up above her breasts.

The door opened and Anita sidled in, looking back down the hallway. Anita said, "Caroline, I need to ask a favor...", as she turned and saw that her hostess was not alone. She stopped in mid-sentence as she stared, her eyes widening and her jaw dropping open.

"Nice outfit!", exclaimed Phoebe. She had been lying face down, half covered by the bedcovers and rolled over to sit up. She was naked in the sheets, and did not bother to cover up as she sat, the sheets and comforter falling to her lap.

Anita stood stock still, forgetting her own nudity. She had understood, intellectually at least, what Caroline had been implying in the offer that either Caroline or Phoebe would have been willing to provide "services" if she so desired. But it was quite another thing to walk naked into the aftermath of a lesbian tryst. While she considered herself fairly open-minded about such things, this was a bit much. Whenever she and John had watched dirty movies together, of course she had witnessed the de riguer girl-girl scenes, but it never seemed to provide much more than a resting or cooling down period before she and her husband began more active action.

"Uh, excuse me. I didn't know you were, uh, busy...", Anita stammered out, vainly trying to cover her embarrassment. She was intensely aware she was standing before the Sapphic pair dressed in no more than they were.

Her discomfort was not helped by Caroline's laughter. She pulled the covers back and stood up laughing. "If I could just bottle the expression on your face, it's priceless." Anita shrank back slightly as Caroline approached but she was passed by as Caroline headed for the closet. She snagged a pair of bathrobes and came back, handing Anita one and slipping the other on. Anita gratefully accepted the proffered cover and pulled it tight around her waist.

"Uh, I didn't mean to, uh, interrupt. I mean, I can come back later...", Anita continued in a flustered voice. She could feel her face flushing hotly and silently cursed her husband for getting her into this mess!

Phoebe laughed and crawled out of bed herself. Unselfconsciously, she bent over and picked up a small pile of clothing, then headed towards the bathroom. Anita could only stare at the petite but curvaceous brunette. "Don't sweat it.", Phoebe said. "I've got to get downstairs anyway and make dinner." To Caroline, she asked, "Okay if I use the bathroom and clean up a bit?" At Caroline's easy nod, she continued inside and closed the door.

Caroline leaned up against a dresser and smiled at Anita. "I guess that was a bit of a surprise.", she commented.

Anita forced herself to relax. Whatever she had been afraid of happening to her wasn't about to happen and she felt both relieved and disappointed. She walked over to the dresser and leaned up against it herself. "I guess so! I mean, I knew what you had implied, but it was a bit of a shock to come face-to-face with it. It's none of my business anyway."

"No, but you're curious anyway. How could that woman want another woman when she has all these men around the house to fuck? Something like that?"

"Something like that, I guess."

Caroline shrugged. "I'm not saying that I don't like men. I love men. But, I also like women. I'm bisexual and so is Phoebe. It's really not all that uncommon. We're simply switch hitters, so to speak. Hey, an orgasm is an orgasm, I say. Doesn't matter to me who provides it."

Anita smiled shyly. "I guess that's true. I guess I never thought about it before."

"Oh, it is, it is. And who would know better than another woman how to please a woman, huh? Now what in the world are you doing wandering around the house naked? I'm glad you and John have gotten into the swing of things, but it is the middle of winter, after all."

As Anita heard the shower turn on behind her, she told Caroline what had occurred after she and John had crept upstairs. Following her face fuck of John, he had told her to open the "toy box" and see what she could find to amuse herself while he recuperated. Opening the drawer she had placed several vibrators on the bed and asked him which he wanted her to use. John had been amused to see that his wife had misidentified a vibrating butt plug as a small vibrator and decided to teach her the difference. Ordering her to turn around and bend over with her legs spread, he had wet the butt plug in her sopping gash then eased it into place up her anus. Then after he had set it on high speed, he had made her face him and handed her a rather large rubber dildo and told her to apply that up front. He had calmly watched as she writhed in orgasm while his cock had slowly stiffened.

Once his cock was hard enough for some more action, he had kicked off his pants and turned around on the bed so his legs were hanging off. Sitting upright, he had faced her away from him and deactivated and removed the butt plug. Thinking that she should stop using the dildo, Anita had pulled that loose with a sucking sound, only to be reprimanded by her spouse. She had stood there, facing away from him, thrusting the pseudo-penis into her cunt as she watched him take a tube of KY jelly from the nightstand. The cream felt chilly as he applied it to her anus, then she was pulled back towards the bed. Unsurprisingly, she felt herself slowly lowered onto his cock and began to bounce her ass up and down on the intruder during the bizarre double penetration.

Next, again sated, John had pushed her upright and placed the butt plug back in place. After a few minutes she had complained that she had to go to the bathroom. John had allowed her to discard the toys, but had followed her into the bathroom. He had waited for her to finish her business, then ran a washcloth under the hot water in the sink and handed it to her with a bar of soap. "Now, wash your ass off my cock!", he ordered. Reddening, she had stayed seated on the toilet and soaped and washed off his prick. As she finished, it had begun stiffening again, so he demanded a hand job. Disdaining her proffered lips, he had her finish him by hand, spraying his seed across her massive tits. Not allowing her to clean up, John had required his wife to again prepare him. This last time of the afternoon, he had led her back to the bed, where he had straddled her waist and titfucked her until he came on her neck in a classic "Pearl Necklace".

Ending her tale as Phoebe turned off the shower, Anita told Caroline, "Then he threw me out. He told me what he wanted me to wear and said he needed a nap!"

"Wow!", exclaimed Caroline. "Sounds like John was on a real dominance trip. Is he like this at home?", she asked.

"Never!"

"So, are you pissed at him? Or what?"

Anita simply looked down at the floor for a moment before looking up at Caroline. Caroline could see the dried jism on her neck. "One part of me is simply furious with him. Another part is just so incredibly turned on by it all."

"How so?"

"He didn't make love to me, he didn't even fuck me. He simply used me for his own pleasures. I don't think I've ever felt more like a sex object in my life!"

"Hmmm.", said Caroline. "Nothing wrong with that, necessarily. It sounds to me like you two are secretly into B&D and simply don't know it. You don't normally do that sort of thing?"

"What? Whips and chains? Hah! Never!"

Caroline shook her head. "It's not just that sort of thing, although John did use handcuffs on me the other night." She continued as Anita's head whipped up at the news. "So tell me, when it's just the two of you, when the girls are at a friend's or you go away for a weekend, does John become any more demanding?"

Anita had to think about it a second, and Phoebe opened the bathroom door and stepped out, still naked. She crossed to the bed and sat down, to begin pulling on some white lace stockings. Anita absently watched as she answered. "I don't know, maybe, I guess."

"And I'm guessing you don't mind overly much?", continued Caroline, questioningly.

"Well, no, not really. I mean as long as it's sort of reasonable, I suppose."

"Reasonable as defined by what? You mean, when he asks you to wear a particular nightgown, or stockings instead of pantyhose, that sort of thing?"

"Yeah, sure.", agreed Anita.

"Think about it. He's somewhat dominant and you're somewhat submissive. B&D isn't simply about whips and chains. Lots of couples never do anything like that. It's simply about what's comfortable in your sexual relationship. It sounds to me like you've simply gone somewhat further with it here."

"Uh, maybe."

"So go with the flow.", advised Caroline. "Go along with it. Let him dominate you and fuck your brains out. Have fun!"

Anita simply shrugged her shoulders and smiled in agreement. While she and Caroline had been talking she had been watching Phoebe finish dressing, a rather brief undertaking. The cook had simply slid some white high heeled pumps on and slipped her arms into a nighty type short jacket, open down the front and baring her midriff. Then she had stood and tied an almost nonexistent white lace apron around her waist. Standing before the mirror, Phoebe adjusted the fit and headed for the door, pausing to kiss Caroline warmly. Anita felt uncomfortably warm at the sight.

"Wait, Phoebe, don't go just yet.", said Caroline. Caroline turned to Anita and said, "You came in here for something to wear? What was it?"

Anita blushed and told her. "John wants me to wear stockings and high heels, a see through blouse with an open cupped bra, and a skirt slit open up the front. He wants me to have everything 'on display', as he put it."

"Wow, that should make for an interesting dinner.", admitted Caroline. She turned back to Phoebe. "Phoebe, dear, I can probably handle most of that, but Anita is bustier than me. Do you have any cutout bras that might fit her?"

Phoebe grinned. "You know I do." To Anita she said, "The fellows really seem to like it when I put myself on display. Want me to bring back a few things before I go downstairs?" She headed out the door without waiting for a response.
Chapter 25
Home - Top   Feedback to author


Home « rlfj's Page « The Storm Index « Previous - Settings
Chapter 25
Posted: March 04, 2004 - 11:43:52 pm

After Phoebe bounced out, Caroline took Anita's arm and led her towards the bathroom. She opened the shower door and turned the hot water on, then began to pull Anita's robe off her shoulders. "In.", she ordered. "You need to wash the come off." Then she stripped her own robe off and stepped in with her guest. "And so do I!"

Anita was surprised but too embarrassed to say much more than an "Ohh." While she did not suffer from any false modesty concerning her own looks, her only experience with sharing a shower with another woman present was in college or health club locker rooms. Still, the shower was more than amply large for the pair, even being designed with seats built into the sidewalls.

Caroline turned the water to as hot as they could bear it and slipped a pair of sponge like mittens on. She managed to squeeze some body wash out of a bottle onto the mittens, then rubbed them together to create a thick lather. Sitting on one of the seats, she directed Anita to stand and face away from her. "Here, let me do your back."

Anita had never had such a luxurious shower before. Part shower and part backrub, there was nothing sexual about it but everything about it was sensuous. She closed her eyes and shivered at the sensations running through her muscles. When she was told to turn back and sit down, she never even opened her eyes.

Caroline poured some more body wash into the mittens and began to soap down Anita's throat and shoulders. From there, she worked her way down to the arms, across to the belly, then down Anita's hips and outside of her legs. By the time she was washing Anita's feet, Anita was totally relaxed, and she readily spread her feet and legs apart as Caroline began to move up the insides of her legs and thighs.

Up to this point, Caroline had pointedly ignored either Anita's breasts or pubis. Now she altered her mode of washing. Moving back up Anita's flanks to her shoulders, she brought her mittens down the front of Anita's chest, soaping and massaging her breasts gently. She could feel Anita's nipples hardening to the touch. Leaving one hand to move across Anita's tits, the other slowly snaked it's way down past her stomach, to her neatly trimmed crotch. Caroline was amazed as Anita smiled softly and spread her thighs even further. Caroline became bolder, and began to move her mitten over Anita's mound, gently pressing and working her padded fingers into her sex. Anita moaned in contentment, her eyes still closed, and her breathing quickened.

Next, Caroline moved her lips softly onto the now squeaky clean right nipple and began to slowly lick and suck on the tip. By now the shower had washed away all the soap, and Caroline was soon alternating nipples. She was surprised when she felt Anita's arms move up and around her, not to push her away, but to hold her closer. Giving up all pretense of washing, Caroline licked her way down Anita's belly and knelt on the floor of the shower. Spreading Anita's thighs wider, she placed her face in her crotch and began to carefully lick the length of Anita's snatch, with Anita moaning above her and guiding Caroline in her movements.

After several minutes of cuntlapping, Anita began to moan loudly and writhe on her seat. "Oh, that's it... don't stop... that's so good!..." A rather insistent shudder signaled her orgasm, so Caroline slowed her pace and, giving one last kiss to Anita's clitoris, stopped. She looked up to find Anita looking down and smiling. "That was really nice.", said Anita. "I've never done this before.", she admitted.

"I think you liked that.", said a grinning Caroline.

Anita nodded in agreement as she helped Caroline to her feet. "I did, I really did." She blushed as she continued, "I don't really know what I should do now. Where do I start?", she asked.

Caroline peeled off the mittens and handed them to Anita. "Why don't you start by washing my back." Anita slipped on the mitts and Caroline squeezed some body wash onto them. Anita lathered them up then gingerly began to soap up Caroline's back. Caroline soon had told Anita to move her hands down to her ass, and spread her legs so that Anita could more easily soap the crack between her cheeks, all the while telling her how good it felt. After a much shorter time than it had taken Anita, Caroline turned around. Pouring more body wash on Anita's hands, she took Anita by the mittens and placed her hands squarely on her highly aroused breasts. Anita could feel the hard and excited nipples through the sponges, and watched eagerly as Caroline moved a hand down to rub her slit. She moved one hand down to follow, and Caroline began to direct her washing of her pudenda.

Once the soap was gone from the mittens, Caroline wrapped her free hand behind Anita's neck and drew her closer to her breasts. "Just lick and suck the tips of my nipples. That's the way I really like them treated."

Anita pulled back slightly. Grinning, she said, "Oh. I prefer John to be a bit rougher with mine. I like him to try and suck an entire breast in and chew on the nipple. Tell me if I'm being too rough." Then she leaned back in and softly took a nipple into her mouth and began to suction the tip while nibbling the end. Caroline simply moaned in response and pulled her closer.

After several minutes of alternately sucking Caroline's breasts, Anita felt Caroline pushing her downward, a sign she recognized from her husband as meaning time to go down. Pulling back, she said, "What, now? I really don't know how to, you know, eat another woman."

Caroline positioned herself on her seat and spread her legs wide. As Anita knelt before her, she said, "Simply do to me what you like a man to do to you. If we stay in here much longer, we're going to turn to prunes, so why not just suck my clit. Without any fur down there, it should be fairly easy to find.", she said with a laugh.

It was. Even though her own snatch was trimmed neatly, she felt that this made cunnilingus much easier, and wondered whether even her own minimal pubic hair deterred John from eating her more often. She decided to trim it further, or perhaps to shave it completely off, to see if this would increase his level of cuntlicking.

Caroline's clitoris was certainly prominent, sticking boldly and redly out from under the folds of her labia. Gingerly, Anita stripped off the shower mittens and reached up to spread Caroline's pussy lips apart, and Caroline responded with a moan and an effort to spread her thighs farther apart. Anita moved her face closer but hesitated. Caroline simply grabbed her by the head and pulled Anita's mouth into her crotch. Anita flowed smoothly into her work, sucking and nibbling Caroline's nubbin much as she had her nipples and was gratified by her hostess' response. Caroline let out a small shriek and tried to pull her so close as to smother her, panting out her ecstasy. Anita tongued her through two orgasms before pulling back and resting on her heels.

Caroline took a moment to catch her breath, then reached over to turn off the water. Standing on wobbly legs, she helped Anita to hr feet. Caroline gave Anita a fierce hug, which Anita tried to return, then pulled away and said, "Wow! I can't believe you've never licked a cunt before! You are something else!"

"Nope, never even had a chance to, even if I had wanted to. I guess I did all right?"

"All right? Girl, you're a natural. You'll be an expert in no time. Phoebe's simply going to love you.", said Caroline. She then leaned in to kiss Anita on the lips. This surprised Anita tremendously, but she endeavored to kiss back and realized that despite what Caroline had said, she had quite a bit to learn about sex with another woman. "I must admit,", continued Caroline, "that I wasn't sure how you would take it when I moved on you."

Anita stepped out of the shower and handed Caroline a towel, then began drying herself with another. "I don't know, it just felt so natural and comfortable. It felt easy with you, and right, I guess. And you know, we don't taste like fish!" Caroline bowled over in laughter.

After toweling off and drying their hair with a blow dryer, the two women returned to the bedroom to find that Phoebe had come and gone, leaving a pile of clothing and lingerie on the bed. She must have decided that Caroline might not be able to provide much in the way of clothing, because in addition to several open cup brassieres, she had left several pair of panties, a few garter belts, a pair of sheer blouses, and a skirt. The two women sorted through the pile, and Anita tried on several of the bras. Phoebe's larger bust and cup measurements made the borrowed finery much more comfortable than Caroline's had been her first night, and now she couldn't make up her mind.

Caroline settled things by holding up a bright red, sequined bra, heavily underwired, and with a front clasp. "Here, try this on. If it fits, it has a matching garter belt.", she said, holding up the belt with her other hand.

Anita slipped it over her arms and buckled it in place. She jiggled her tits into place and agreed that it fit nicely. The elastic was just tight enough to be comfortable, and the overlarge cup size was both unnoticeable and put her tits on display like melons in a market. She stood and strapped the garter belt around her waist.

Caroline rummaged around in her dresser before handing over some stockings. "Try these." The stockings were sheer and bright red garter length, covering only about half Anita's thighs. She thanked Caroline and sat down on the bed to put them on.

Next Caroline found a transparent red long sleeved shirt in her closet and passed it to Anita. Anita tried it on but it was too small to button and began to take it off, until Caroline said, "Fuck it. Don't button it. John wants you on display, so be on display!" Anita grinned and buttoned the bottom button.

The skirt was more problematical. Anita was able to slip on a pair of black ankle strapped stiletto heels easily enough, but all of Caroline's button front dresses were still too long. They dragged on the carpet and she began to get discouraged. Caroline had several open miniskirts, but they looked quite ridiculous with the garters and stockings hanging below. Finally, she tried on a black wrap skirt that Phoebe had dropped off. The length was adequate, coming to mid-calf, but Phoebe really was wasp-waisted. The wrap skirt failed to wrap, although the drawstrings did come together, and Anita's shirttails could be seen through the gap.

Caroline pondered for a moment, then said, "Screw it. He takes you as you come." She undid the tie, then unbuttoned Anita's shirt fully. She wrapped the skirt higher on Anita, at the narrowest portion of her waist, and retied the skirt. Now the ties were at least hidden, although the skirt gaped to the waist over Anita's hips. Kneeling, she reached inside and pulled the shirttails down and to the sides, so that the shirt gaped open from collar to skirt, only held together in the center by Anita's own breasts. "Voila!", she cried, and turned Anita to face the mirror.

"Jesus!", exclaimed Anita. "I look like Slot-Machine Sally waiting for the fleet to come in!"

"So what? This is what the man wanted. If he don't like it, he can take it up with the complaint department.", she said, hooking a thumb at herself. She reached down and untied the skirt. "Now sit and do your makeup." She headed into her closet to find something to wear for herself.

Caroline settled on transparent blue harem pants and a sheer elastic purple halter top. She sat down next to Anita and the pair continued to gossip as they finished primping. Finally, Caroline dabbed some perfume between her breasts and the pair stood. Caroline helped Anita put her skirt on again, then knelt to pull the shirttails into place. Finally, she reached onto the vanity and took a different perfume bottle down. Wetting the cap, she rubbed it alongside Anita's pussy, then darted her face in to kiss Anita again on the clit. Anita squealed delightfully, then Caroline stood, slipped her bare feet into blue high heels, and they headed downstairs.

"I have the perfect revenge for your husband.", commented Caroline. "Tomorrow morning, we get up early and go shopping."

"Sounds like a plan to me.", said Anita.
Chapter 26
Home - Top   Feedback to author


Home « rlfj's Page « The Storm Index « Previous - Settings
Chapter 26
Posted: March 09, 2004 - 12:17:35 pm

"Been staying out of trouble?", asked Malcolm.

"Trying, trying.", said John as he slid onto his bar stool. Malcolm settled onto a barstool on the tending side of the bar and began to prepare John a gin and tonic. He already had a Manhattan in front of him. "Anita and I fooled around for awhile, then I catnapped for a bit."

"So where's the lovely Anita?", asked Malcolm.

"Probably with your wife, getting dressed. I decided I wasn't all that tired, so I came down here." John looked around the room and eyed a folding photo frame at the end of the bar. One picture showed a young man and woman, the other was of Caroline and another, younger woman. "Who's the picture of, your son?", he asked.

Malcolm leaned over and pulled the frame closer. "That's Jerry, my son, and his girlfriend. Actually, she's his fiancé, they're engaged now."

John looked the picture over. "Good looking kid. Looks fairly big." The picture showed a large young man of about college age, tall and heavily muscled through the chest, wearing a Speedo swimsuit and swim goggles around his neck, with one hand holding a large trophy of sorts, and the other around the waist of an incredibly busty blonde in a lime green bikini. He was soaking wet, and they were standing by the side of an indoor pool. He was also as bald as a cue ball.

"He is.", admitted Malcolm. "You tried on one of his shirts earlier. He's a senior at the University of Indiana, on the swim team.", he explained. "We think he's stopped growing, but he stands around 6-3 or 6-4."

"I suppose that explains the goggles and bald head. Does that really cut his times down?"

Malcolm shrugged. "I don't know, maybe. I personally thinks it's all psychological myself. Other than that, I think it's a lot of horsecrap, but what do I know. He only shaves his head when he's got a big meet."

John smiled. "Well if he earned that trophy he must do okay."

"Oh, he does, he does. He's ranked fairly highly in the national standings and even has a shot at the next Olympics. He swims the breast stroke, middle distance."

John tapped the photo of the girl next to Jerry. "I see that he specializes."

Malcolm looked blank for a moment, then caught on with a laugh. "Yes, she is quite something, isn't she. I don't know if you can tell from the photo, but she's almost as tall as you are. I think that's why she started going out with Jerry, she could wear heels and not look like Godzilla standing next to him. The secret truth, though, is that there is no truth in advertising. You are seeing an excellent example of the frontiers of polymer technology in action."

John looked closer and said, "What nature's forgotten, stuff with cotton? So how do you know all this?"

"Well, I know it's a cliche, but she's working her way through college as a stripper. Jerry took me to her show once."

"You're right.", said John. "That's so cliched as to be trite. It ranks right up there with the hooker with the heart of gold."

"Oh, she's a nice enough girl. She says she plans on stopping once they graduate and marry, and we have no reason not to believe her.", remarked Malcolm.

"And that's how you know it's silicone? You saw her in her show?", asked John.

"Actually no. Jerry brought her home last summer and I saw her sunbathing topless out by the pool. As you can imagine, she has little modesty where her body is concerned. It's excellent work of the sort. Scarring is almost non-existent, but they're a just a bit too round and firm for my taste. Still, Jerry seems to want a girl just like the girl who married dear old Dad."

"Malcolm, that's much more than Caroline carries around.", commented John.

"Oh, not Caroline.", said Malcolm. "Jerry's mom, my first wife. She wasn't plastic, but hers were still almost that big."

"Divorce?"

"Car crash." Malcolm noticed John's look of dismay. "It's all right. It's been almost twenty years."

"So who's the woman with Caroline in the other picture?", asked John, changing the topic. In this picture both women were sitting on a low stone fence outside of a large Victorian house in the bright sunlight. Both women were wearing sun dresses, Caroline a halter topped button front print, and the other woman in a tube top with a wrap skirt. Both woman showed extremely generous amounts of leg, and in the case of the shorter blonde with Caroline, an abundance of cleavage, as well.

Malcolm glanced at the photo. "That's Caroline's younger sister, Debbie. She must be about 32, 33 now. That was taken a few years ago at our house on the Keys."

"That's right, you mentioned you were heading down there shortly. Nice looking place.", commented John. "You stay long?"

"We like it. We'll stay till it gets good and warm up here again, maybe the middle of June or so. Normally Caroline and I drive down slowly and pick up Debbie along the way, while everyone else drives through directly. Debbie stays with us for a week or so before going home. She uses up her vacation on the cheap, and Caroline gets to see her sister."

"You don't mind?"

Malcolm glanced at the picture again and slid it back to John. "John, take another look at that picture. I should mind having to put up with that?", he asked.

John looked closer at the picture of Debbie. Other than in the bones of the face, she looked nothing like her sister. She was considerably shorter and somewhat heavier than Caroline, as well as being blonde. Still, on further reflection, he thought she might be of a similar build as Anita and Phoebe, short and curvy, although carrying perhaps ten more pounds of admittedly nice padding. And she certainly seemed to dress the part for the Jenson household. The tube top was pulled scandalously low, exposing the dark tops of her nipples, and her wrap skirt was pulled back far enough that John could almost imagine that she was a real blonde.

John looked up at Malcolm in surprise. "You mean she... you and Caroline and her sister?", he asked.

Malcolm leaned over the bar and nodded. "She is the most outrageous and oversexed woman I have ever met. Let me tell you a story."

"I first met Debbie at her wedding, back when she was in her early twenties. I didn't think much of her one way or the other, especially since she and her husband moved to California. Then a few years later she divorced him and moved back east, to Myrtle Beach. Caroline invited her up for a week and things got crazy."

"I was sitting where you are, and she came down to dinner one night and sat down next to me, between Caroline and me, right there.", said Malcolm, pointing at the barstools next to John. "Now you have to realize that she was wearing this really short skirt and a fairly sheer blouse, looking real good, you understand, and Caroline was looking pretty interesting herself, too. So anyway, Debbie gets a little tipsy and wobbled on the stool and put out her hand to steady herself, and grabs me right by the crotch. I'm sitting there next to two beautiful women with a hardon to pound nails with, and she falls and grabs my root. So the next thing I know, she says something like 'Now that's something to be proud of, Caroline.', and Caroline starts joking back with her."

"The next thing I know, she fondles me briefly, then sits back on the barstool and starts joking with Caroline about her ex and comparing him to me, and all the while I'm simply sitting there like a bump on a log. She's saying how she wished she had had this all those years ago, and Caroline's egging her on jokingly. So when I've had enough, I tell her to put her money where her mouth is. Enough of this nonsense. So what does she do? Before I can say anything, Debbie grabs my zipper and puts her money where her mouth is, so to speak."

"Holy shit!", exclaimed John. "And Caroline didn't say anything?"

"Well, she squawked a bit at first, but I really couldn't complain without getting hurt, so to speak. But Caroline got into it real fast. The next thing I know, she's kneeling behind Debbie, and has pulled her panties down, and is fingering her from the rear. Ever since, she's been part of our little group."

"Wow!"

Malcolm refreshed their drinks and settled back down in his stool as Jeanine brought in a small tray of appetizers and canapés. "Dinner will be in about 45 minutes, gentlemen.", she announced. "Phoebe sent these in, unless you'd like me to provide something else?" She smiled in what John thought was a rather hopeful manner.

"Well, John?", quizzed Malcolm. "Guests first, I would say."

"Hmm. I must admit, our conversation does have me primed, so to speak." Turning towards Jeanine he looked her over and enjoyed the sight. Today's maid costume consisted of a low cut strapless and backless top, a skirt so short it failed to cover her ruffled white panties, and black fishnets. "Perhaps Jeanine would like an appetizer?", he asked.

"I'd love one, Mister Andrews." She undid John's zipper as he swiveled to face her, then bent at the waist and began to suck the tip of his cock as she exposed the turgid length to the air.

Malcolm watched briefly before standing and coming around to the front of the bar. "Excuse me John if I find this rather inspirational." So saying, Malcolm unzipped his own pants and pushed them down his legs. His uncircumcised prick stood forth proudly as he stepped up behind Jeanine and lifted her skirt and petticoat up. John decided that her panties must have been crotchless, because Malcolm simply grabbed his cock and pushed into the fellating maid easily.

This was a novel experience for John. He had never participated in a two-on-one fucking before and enjoyed it quite a bit. He reached down and unzipped the back of Jeanine's dress, allowing her breasts to hang freely, as Malcolm pushed her skirt to her waist. The shock waves Malcolm was sending through Jeanine with his thrusts drove the bent over girl further into his crotch, pushing John's cock down her throat at each shove. Jeanine, however, was not distracted from task, and continued to suck heavily as she fondled the guest's nuts. In short order, John spewed down the girl's throat as she sucked him dry, then she leaned backwards into Malcolm to finish him off. He didn't last long after she reached between her legs to manipulate the cock invading her cunt. She came in time with Malcolm.

Finished, she politely stood and curtsied, then skipped off to the kitchen. John and Malcolm simply smiled at each other, then repaired their clothing. Malcolm sat down on the stool next to John and they resumed their conversation.

The wives came down about fifteen minutes later and both men blatantly stared as they entered the room. Anita sashayed up between them with an extra flounce to her hips, then pirouetted between them. "And does this meet with your approval, husband dearest?", she asked.

"Wow!"

"Good. God, but I feel horny!", she proclaimed. Resting a hand in each of their crotches, she evaluated John and Malcolm. Patting her husband, she smiled, then turned to Malcolm and began to unzip his pants. With a sweet but impish smile at John, she pulled Malcolm's pants down his thighs and stroked Malcolm's uncut manhood. "This should do.", she said. Then while John watched wide-eyed, she proceeded to climb atop Malcolm, still seated on his barstool, and promptly straddled his cock. "Just what I needed.", said Anita as she positioned herself.

Caroline began to laugh at her male guest as Anita reached up and spread her blouse open for Malcolm's viewing pleasure. Malcolm reached down and slipped his hands under Anita's skirt and began to slowly lift and lower her on his buried root. Caroline giggled as she rubbed John's erection through his pants. "Don't worry, darling, we'll take care of you later."

Anita's semi-precarious position and Malcolm's previous come made this fuck a bit slower and more leisurely than planned, enough so that both Cory and Laurie walked in on the foursome. The twins were flabbergasted at the sight of their mother screwing their host, while the hostess casually rubbed their father's crotch. "Mom!", cried out Cory, as Laurie stared open-mouthed.

Anita looked over at her daughter's. "You two have nothing to comment about.", she told the pair. "Certainly not after you two have been spending the entire time screwing Reeves and Tony. Judge not, lest you be judged." So saying she moaned loudly and turned back towards her partner.

Malcolm began to more vigorously lift and drop Anita on his lap as he became turned on by the twins and how they were dressed. Apparently they had decided on a beach motif for the evening. Laurie was wearing a bikini swimsuit top, a sliding triangle type, with the triangles slid fairly far apart. Around her hips she had tied a long pareo type wrap, high enough on one hip to ensure that her lack of panties was obvious, and a pair of high heeled sandals. Cory had found several sheer and long scarves. Two were wrapped around her waist and tied at the sides, allowing a semblance of sheer modesty to her privates, and had twisted a third into a transparent bandeau for her large breasts. She, too, wore high heeled sandals. It was obvious that both girl's protests were not heartfelt, as their nipples were prominently excited. They edged closer, watching in strange fascination as their mother orgasmed loudly while Malcolm grunted his relief into her pussy. After a moment of sagging against his chest, she extricated herself from his lap and stood up again.

Turning to her husband, Anita smiled and reached out to take his pocket hankie. Standing before God and her family, she reached between her legs and wiped the lingering jism from her pussy, then smiling sweetly, tucked it back into his jacket pocket. At this point John began to laugh uproariously, while Caroline helped Anita rearrange her clothing. Taking Malcolm's arm, Caroline led the way into dinner.

Malcolm seated the twins on either side again, with Anita and Caroline flanking John, much as their first night. Reeves and Phoebe promptly served supper, a large pot roast surrounded by potatoes and vegetables. Phoebe's attire caused all eyes to follow her into and out of the room. It was Malcolm who broke the appreciative silence.

"I have to be honest. We don't normally eat this well every day. While I may be wealthy, this is simply in preparation for our trip to Florida in a couple of weeks. Phoebe is simply cleaning out the cupboard."

"I was going to say, I could really learn to live like this.", quipped an awed Laurie.

Malcolm chuckled. "Yes, I suppose so. Which reminds me, I promised your parents I would tell how I got this rich."

John immediately protested. "Malcolm, as I said, it's none of our business."

Malcolm waved off the protest. "No, no, it's quite all right. I know you're all curious. And it's all quite above board. I mean, I earned it all myself, no hanky panky or marrying it or inheriting it or anything."

Caroline laughed at this. Laying a hand on top of John's, she said, "I'm the one who married the money.", then laughed some more.

Malcolm joined his wife's laughter. "Well, not quite, anyway. You married some money, but not this.", he said gesturing around the room. "Tell me, do any of you know anything about biotechnology?", he asked.

Anita and the girls looked baffled, but John looked at Malcolm and asked, "You mean, like genetic engineering, that sort of thing?"

"Yes, precisely. I forgot that you are an engineer, aren't you."

"Not that type.", said John, shaking his head slowly.

"Well, it's of no need, I won't get technical on you.", said Malcolm. "Anyway, I graduated from medical school but didn't really want to practice medicine. All those sick people, I suppose.", he said with a grin. "So I went into biochemical research, back when the idea of gene splicing and synthesis were really just getting off the ground. I had a few bright ideas and was invited into a startup, a private company. They couldn't pay big bucks, but they did give me a healthy chunk of stock and options. You know how that works, John?"

John and Anita both nodded. John said, "Sure. When the company goes public or gets bought, your stock and options can be worth millions. I get options now as part of my bonus arrangement."

"Precisely. Well, while I was there, and mind you this was twenty some odd years ago, I had a few more bright ideas. Quite patentable and this made a larger company interested in us. They bought us out and I walked away with several million and a nice chunk of their stock. I held on to this stock until the second firm got gobbled up by yet a third company. My stocks went through the roof and I sold out completely."

"Wow!", exclaimed Cory. "So, how much did you make?"

"Cory!", exclaimed Anita indignantly.

Malcolm ignored Cory's mother and answered. "Oh, somewhere between 200 and 250 million dollars. Most of my money is in various investments, so it can vary depending on the stock and bond markets."

While the twins made loud exclamations of astonishment, John and Anita could only look at each other in amazement. This was way beyond the kind of money they hoped to make some day with their weekly Lotto ticket. This made 'Fuck you!' money look like petty cash. They almost missed Caroline's comment.

"In a way, that's how I met Malcolm."

"What was that?", asked Anita, turning back to Caroline.

"I said, that's basically how I met Malcolm."

"What do you mean?", asked Anita.

"Well you do know that I'm Malcolm's second wife, don't you?", she asked. John nodded his knowledge, but the other women looked baffled. She continued, "Well, Anita, I'm only your age and Jerry is a senior in college. Malcolm may like his women young and nubile, but that would be a bit much even for him!" Malcolm chuckled from his end of the table.

"So you're his second wife?", asked Anita.

"Yes.", said Malcolm. "Jenny, my first wife, died about twenty years ago, right when my first company, GenSys, was bought by TechGen." No longer smiling, he looked down at his plate briefly, then looked back up. "My fault, really."

Caroline looked down the table at her husband. "Darling, it wasn't and you know it. You couldn't have known."

Malcolm shrugged. "I should have, though." Seeing the confused faces of his guests, he elaborated. "Right after the deal closed and I got a fat check, I bought a sports car for Jenny. She so wanted it, and all I could think of was making her happy. It was too much car for her. The next day she wrapped it around a tree and died." Malcolm was silent for a few moments more, than gave another shrug. "Water under the bridge now, I suppose. And I did meet Caroline through it."

"How?", asked Laurie.

"Well, I was pretty much a basket case after the accident, raising Jerry, trying to tell a two-year old why Mommy wasn't there."

Caroline picked up the story, seeing her husband's distress. "I had just started at TechGen as a secretary. I was just out of junior college. Malcolm's parents had died a few years before and he was an only child from a small family. He had no one to handle the funeral arrangements, so I was assigned to help out. It was strange, because I was so junior, but all the senior people were still working on the merger. It broke my heart to see him in such pain, so I did the best I could and gave him a shoulder to cry on."

"You were most helpful, my dear.", said Malcolm. "I became rather depressed and stopped coming into work completely. I didn't see Caroline again for about six months after the funeral, until I had to come back in for a board meeting. I saw Caroline walking down a hallway, so during lunch, I stepped out and bought her a bouquet of flowers in appreciation. Later that afternoon, when I gave them to her, we got to talking and went out to dinner. The rest I suppose is history."

Anita gave a wry look at Caroline. "That must have been a little odd. Going on a date with a man whose wife you helped bury?"

Caroline nodded. "It did seem a little surreal at first, especially considering our difference in ages. Malcolm was in his mid-thirties and I wasn't even old enough to legally drink. Still, I thought Malcolm was such a tragic and heroic figure, I mean, the lonely scientist soldiering on amidst personal sorrow, raising a son by himself and all. Then I came to see just what it was about Malcolm that must have so appealed to Jenny, and it appealed to me, too." She looked up at her husband with a look of love that all at the table could see.

Malcolm returned the look, then broke the mood. "And I do so appreciate younger women. They're so trainable." Everyone laughed at that.

Finally dinner was over and Cory and Laurie excused themselves and headed upstairs. They whispered to each other, about the events before dinner and the talk around the table, and were so intent on it that they walked headlong into Reeves coming down the main stairs. "Good evening, ladies. Anything I can help you with?", he asked with an arched eyebrow.

Cory ignored the implicit offer and simply said, "I just can't believe the way Mom and Dad are acting!" Laurie simply mumbled in agreement.

"What, you mean before dinner at the bar?", asked Reeves. "Oh, that sort of thing goes on all the time around here. Your mother is a most attractive and sexual lady, and your father is the sort of man who appreciates that in a woman."

"I guess so.", said Laurie.

"Would you like to see something more?", he asked.

"Why? What do you mean? More what?"

"Follow me. And be silent." Reeves held a finger to his lips and quietly led them upstairs and down the hallway. As they reached a corner, he held up a hand to stay them, then edged around and peered down over a banister. This portion of the upstairs walkway opened up over the Great Room, providing a truly impressive view out the glass wall across the front of the house. He came back around the corner and leaned down to whisper in their ears. "Now, get down on your bellies and crawl around the corner. Then look down through the railing. And be quiet." Again he held a forefinger to his lips.

Mystified, the twins backed up and sank to their knees, then leaned forward and began to silently work their way around the corner. Reeves hung back a moment, then went to his stomach between them, working his way forward till he was between their sprawled out bodies, as they witnessed the tableau beneath them.
Chapter 27
Home - Top   Feedback to author


Home « rlfj's Page « The Storm Index « Previous - Settings
Chapter 27
Posted: March 12, 2004 - 12:42:19 pm

Tonight, Anita and Caroline had disdained changing outfits and had instead simply retired to the Great Room with their husbands. Now, as the Peeping Toms watched, the foursome below began their night of play.

After John and Malcolm had settled into the couch and unzipped their pants, Anita and Caroline had stood in front of their respective husbands and partially disrobed. For Anita, this simply meant that she untied her skirt and let it fall to the floor, then she had straddled his already unclad prick. Caroline slid her harem pants off her legs and settled backwards onto Malcolm's lap. Malcolm briefly spread her thighs as she positioned her cockhead at the entrance to her pussy, then she slowly sank backward onto him. Both couples frankly watched the other pair screwing beside them, and Caroline and Anita occasionally would reach over and rub the other woman's nipples and breasts.

Cory and Laurie were fascinated and incredibly turned on at the sight of their parents screwing their brains out below them. Then first Cory, then Laurie, felt a hand running up the insides of their thighs and looked over their shoulders to see what was happening. Reeves had shifted position so he was kneeling, and had slid a hand between each pair of legs. The twins smiled and spread their thighs wider, and were promptly rewarded by a set of fingers rubbing their pussy lips and assholes. They turned back to watch as first Caroline, then Anita cried out in orgasm. Both women continued to fuck her husband, as both girls came close to their own orgasm. Both began to quiver beneath Reeves hands as Anita and Caroline built to a second peak, this time coming with their spewing partner. All four women sagged at the relief.

Cory and Laurie noticed that Reeves had moved backwards, and scooted back themselves, their impromptu skirts rising to their waists as they did. They followed Reeves to the stairs, but he stayed them at the top. "That was just act one.", he said. "Go back to watch act two." Mystified they turned away and headed back to their vantage point.

Smirking to himself, Reeves went downstairs and quietly crept into the parlor. Pouring four brandies into snifters, he set them on a silver tray. Carrying the tray in one hand, he picked up a small humidor in the other and went into the Great Room.

Anita had crawled off of her husband's lap and was sitting between John and Malcolm, though Caroline remained in Malcolm's lap, though no longer straddling him. The men were gently cuddling their partners in anticipation of another bout. Anita was startled at the entrance of a fifth person and crossed her legs and pulled her top together in an attempt at modesty, but Caroline did not bother.

"Brandy?", asked Reeves, bringing the tray forward. "And gentlemen, perhaps a cigar?"

"Thank you, Reeves. I don't mind if I do.", said Malcolm. Caroline reached out and passed out snifters, taking care not to unbalance the tray. Then Malcolm reached into the humidor and selected a long, thin green cigar. "John, would you care to try one? They are excellent Nicaraguans. Would either of you mind?"

Anita answered first. Although she did not approve of smoking, she was nowhere near as radical as some of her friends. "No, go ahead, please."

"Well, then, I'll join you.", said John. He accepted Malcolm's cigar and Malcolm retrieved a second. Reeves set down the tray and reached into a pocket of his coat, pulling out a small silver cigar clipper. While he expertly went through the motions of preparing the cigars, Anita noticed Caroline's casual demeanor and relaxed herself, allowing Reeves a good view of her as yet unsampled charms. By the time he had a large wooden match lit, he too was sprouting a woody.

"You know John, I don't often indulge, but I do like a fine cigar every now and then."

John looked over at Malcolm. Rubbing his wife's shoulders, he sipped at his brandy, and puffed on his cigar. Letting out a large cloud of smoke, he mimicked a popular commercial. "You know, John, it just doesn't get any better than this."

"Oh, brother.", murmured Anita.

"Bullshit!", snorted Caroline. She too had noticed Reeves arousal.

"Will there be anything else gentlemen? Ladies?", asked Reeves.

"Yes there will, Reeves, yes there will.", announced Caroline. Looking at Anita, she jerked her head in the direction of Reeves' crotch. Anita smiled back and nodded her head.

While Cory and Laurie watched from above, as the smoke from the cigars circled up to their aerie, Caroline and Anita climbed off the couch and knelt in front of the butler. They stared as their mother and their hostess unzipped Reeves pants and pushed them to his feet. John and Malcolm nonchalantly continued to sip their brandies and smoke their cigars while their wives began to fondle and fellate the standing butler. The two wives alternated licking and sucking his cock, while Reeves simply stood before them, smiling with his eyes closed, gently stroking their hair.

In but a few moments, Reeves' hips began to move urgently with his needs. Letting out a low groan, his turgid cock began to spurt his come out. The first dollop splashed onto Anita's left breast, then Caroline was able to get her mouth in the way, receiving most of the next two spurts orally. Then she pulled back to allow Anita to finish him off, licking a stray strand of jism off her upper lip.

Finished, the two settled back on their heels as Reeves bent over and pulled up his pants. Straightening his clothing, he said, "Very good. And now, if you ladies need anything else, please call for me. Thank you." Then he left.

Smiling, Anita and Caroline turned back towards the men, and reached for their own sifters. Caroline leaned down and first licked the large globule of come off Anita's tit, then both washed down the seed with their brandy. By now, both husbands were proudly sporting prodigious new erections. Switching partners, the two women crawled over and began to suck off the men.

Cory and Laurie were quite astonished by it all, and crawled backwards to think about their parent's actions. Heading back to their room, they stripped and began to pleasure themselves and each other. An hour later, during a breather, they were joined by Phoebe, who eagerly crawled onto the bed with them. Thus they missed any further action downstairs. After successfully sucking off Malcolm and John, and while the men recouped their strength, Caroline laid Anita back on the floor, then crawled atop her for an extended and noisy session of 69.
Chapter 28
Home - Top   Feedback to author


Home « rlfj's Page « The Storm Index « Previous - Settings
Chapter 28
Posted: March 15, 2004 - 04:26:09 pm
Updated: March 16, 2004 - 11:11:19 am

John awoke earlier than he expected to. Rubbing the sleep from his eyes, he glanced at his wrist watch to find it was only 7:30 in the morning. Then he looked down at his wife, curled up beside him, her naked legs sticking out of the bedclothes and her ass gently warming his midsection. He carefully pulled the sheets off her pliant body and propped himself up on an arm to watch her.

As he took her charms in, John Andrews began to feel his crotch stir at the sight. He pulled back slightly, to allow his penis a chance to uncurl and stiffen. Doing so, Anita gave a quiet murmur and unconsciously pressed back against his warmth. John laid his free hand on her hip and began to slowly trace circles on the nude flesh. Anita smiled in her sleep and turned towards his questing hand.

As his wife began to respond to his touch, John considered the events of the preceding evening with pleasure. He had never seen Anita so wanton or sluttish before. By the time she and Caroline had gotten each other off, he and Malcolm had been raring to go. Anita had promptly stripped off the blouse and bra and straddled her husband's cock, facing away from him. Then Caroline had crawled between their legs and began to lick his cock and Anita's clit, while Malcolm had humped her doggy style. All in all, they had crawled exhausted into their beds well after midnight.

Reaching lower, John's fingers maneuvered to Anita's crotch. As she stirred awake, her legs partially spread, and John immediately moved his fingers into the moist slit between them. Anita moaned to blissful consciousness and spread her thighs wider, as John took control of her orgasm. Pushing a pillow at her crotch, he rolled her face down on top of it, then straddled her thighs. Pushing his cock between her legs, he inserted the glans into her now sopping pussy. A few heart beats later Anita had her first orgasm of the day as John began to long dick her from the rear.

Anita was building to a second come when the bedroom door opened and Caroline came in, already dressed. "Good Lord!", she cried out. "We've got no time to fuck around! We're going shopping!"

Anita turned towards Caroline with a beatific smile as John continued to plow her furrow. "Not just yet.", she muttered.

"Have you come yet?", asked Caroline.

"One more time, please, one more time.", begged the guest.

"Okay, but we've got to get a move on." So saying, Caroline walked over to the bed and put her middle finger in her mouth. "I know a way to speed things up." She inserted her wet finger up to the second knuckle in John's ass and began to vigorously move it about.

Predictably, John slammed his cock into his wife's cunt. Anita began to cry out her pleasure for the second time as her husband began to helplessly spew into her pussy. "Oh, God!", he exclaimed weakly, as Caroline withdrew her finger and he collapsed backwards onto his side of the bed. He was asleep by the time Caroline had dragged Anita to the bath.

John reawoke about ten, to a light knocking on the door. "It's open!", he called out, and Jeannine backed into the room, carrying a small tray.

Turning towards him, she said, "It was getting kind of late, and I thought you might like some coffee and some Danish.", pointing towards the tray she carried.

"Oh, yeah.", said John as he pulled the bedsheet around him. The young blonde servant set the tray down on the dresser and poured him a cup of coffee. John climbed out of the bed wrapping the sheet around his waist.

"Cream? Sugar?", she asked as she handed him the cup.

"Black.", he said reaching for the brew eagerly. He took a healthy swallow, coming awake as he did so, then glanced down at himself. Even in her black mini-dress, fishnets, and heels, she was far more dressed than he was. "Excuse me.", he said, going into the bath.

John showered and shaved, then went back to the bedroom. He had noticed that his sheet had disappeared, so he went back with the wet towel wrapped around his waist. The sheet mystery was solved when he realized that Jeannine was still present. The old bedclothes were bundled on the floor by the door, and she was bent over the bed spreading a comforter over the new linen. Her position was such that her lack of panties was obvious, as was that fact that she was a real blonde. Unexplainably embarrassed, John turned away and poured himself a fresh cup of coffee.

"Care to join me?", he asked.

"I'd love to.", replied the girl.

John poured a second cup, placed it on a saucer and turned back to the room. His eyes sprang open to see Jeannine stepping out of her dress. She hadn't worn a brassiere either.

"Oh. I thought you wanted some coffee.", he said numbly.

Jeannine blushed and reached for the cup. "Oh, I thought you wanted me to join you." She turned the handle towards herself and sipped.

Now it was John's turn to blush. "Uh, well,..."

Jeannine sipped some more coffee. With her free hand, she reached down and pulled away the towel. "Why not do both?", she asked. Setting down her saucer, she finished her coffee with one hand while manipulating John to erection with the other. When they had both finished their coffee, she led him to the bed. Jeanine climbed onto the comforter and positioned herself in the center of the bed, a pillow tucked under her head. Smiling, she spread her legs and bent her knees upwards, in a position John found very inviting. "Now, isn't this better than coffee?", she asked, crooking her fingers at him in invitation.

John's erection was pointing at her as he approached the bed. He knelt between her legs and looked down to see her pink pussy glistening wetly through the fine blonde hair surrounding it. Jeanine reached down between her legs and spread her cunt lips lewdly. "I need a good hard fucking!", she said, lowly and firmly.

John assumed the position, placing his straining cockhead at the entrance to her pussy, then lunged forward, sinking all nine inches into her in a single stroke. Jeanine gasped, her back arching, her pussy grasping at the oversized invader, as she orgasmed. John sank down onto her, reaching around to cup her buttcheeks and pull her against him. The maid responded by wrapping her fishnet clad legs around his waist and her arms around his back, trapping him in her erotic embrace. "Fuck me! Fuck me! Fuck me!", she demanded, humping her hips upwards to meet his descending thrusts. "Fuck me! Fuck me! Fuck me!"

John's earlier fuck of his wife had been excellent but hurried. His subsequent nap and shower had given him more than enough time to completely recuperate. He gave Jeanine's pussy a particularly thorough pounding as he sawed his cock back and forth in her overheated cunt, rubbing his cockshaft against her clit going both in and out. He could feel her pussy spasming around his cock as she came, until he couldn't stand any more. With her hands grasping at his ass, he drove in, his back arching as the jism spewed out and into her. He pumped weakly for several moments more before collapsing in her arms.

Jenaine gently pushed the houseguest off her prone form, and John rolled over, to stare contentedly at the ceiling. "You're right, that's a lot better than coffee in the morning."

Jeanine chuckled. "I thought you might agree." She rolled to face him, laying on her side, an arm propping her head up and one leg laid across his. "And Mrs. Andrews gets that kind of treatment every night? She must take vitamins by the bushel!"

John laughed at this, hugging the girl against his side. "You're one to talk, considering how much action you girls are getting around here."

"It is a rather enjoyable life, isn't it?", admitted the blonde maid. "I'd guess you're enjoying your stay."

"It's fun. Different, but fun. It's not exactly your normal household, is it?"

"Best job I've ever had.", said Jeanine with a giggle.

John turned his head and looked at her curiously. "Speaking of which, how does somebody go out and get a job like this. Do you really enjoy the work?"

Jeanine grinned. "Oh yeah! I mean, people hear you're a maid, and they think it's some minimum wage job or something. I mean, yeah, I have to work, but the Jensons are paying more than that, a lot more, and I don't have to pay for rent or utilities or food or stuff like that. I even get to stop work when I need an orgasm break! How's that for working conditions?!"

"Orgasm breaks!? Maybe I should ask my boss about that.", laughed John. "So how'd you apply?"

"I didn't, not really.", admitted Jeanine. She reached down and took hold of John's limp prick and began to fondle it, using the mix of his come and her pussy juice as a lubricant. "You see, before I started here, I really was working a lousy minimum wage job as a maid in a hotel in Albany. Tony was taking some sort of course in computers or something at Albany State and staying there for a week. We met when I was cleaning his room. He flirted, and then that night, we ran into each other at a bar in town. He chatted me up and bought me a couple of drinks, and we went back to his room and simply screwed all night!"

"On your first date?", remarked John incredulously.

"Well, we just ran into each other, so it wasn't even a date. Listen, I've always enjoyed sex, ever since I lost my cherry when I was thirteen. Let's just say that when the boys in junior high and high school tried to talk me out of my panties, they didn't have to try too hard!" Jeanine was grinning as she said this, stroking John back to life. "So anyway, why not? He's so good looking and smart and nice - hell, I wanted to do him right there in the bar! And he was so good in bed!...", she said dreamily.

"So he got you the job?"

Jeanine nodded. "I guess the previous maid had up and left for California, something in the porn business, and the following week, after he had come back here, he called me and asked if I wanted to interview for a different sort of job. The money sounded real good, and we could share a room, and after a few days, Phoebe and Mrs. Jenson just sort of introduced me to the way things were. I've never been happier."

Jeanine looked at John's stiff prick, waving in the vertical position and judged it sufficiently strong for a second bout. "Enough talk. I need another fuck!" She sat upright and swung her leg over his midsection, then lowered her sopping and come filled cunt onto him. She slowly sank back onto his cock as it filled her. "Ummmm. It's not the absolute biggest I've ever fucked, but it sure is nice."

John smiled as he reached between them to run a thumb over her clit, startling her pleasantly. "Really? Just how big was the biggest you've ever done?"

Jeanine cupped her tits and pinched her pale nipples. "Uh, there was this Italian fellow who came by once, with his wife and his mistress, for a week, and he must have been about eleven inches long, and at least another inch wider than you. It was monstrous! Good, but humongous!" Jeanine shuddered as the cock in her cunt and the fingers on her clit took her over the edge to orgasm. "Jesus!"

"I see what you mean."

"That's really the best part of the job, getting to meet all these interesting new people. I mean, one time Mrs. Jenson came looking for me during a party, to serve the hors doerves, and found me getting an upright sandwich fuck from a pair of cousins in the pantry, one in the front and one up my ass! She simply grabbed the tray and told me that I was going to be the appetizer as soon as we were finished! That was just so cool!" She began bouncing on the cock in her pussy. The squishy sound of come and pussy juice being pistoned out and down onto John's balls was too much. He exploded upwards into her, and a fresh flood poured out of the girl.

"Cool!", he agreed breathlessly.
Chapter 29
Home - Top   Feedback to author


Home « rlfj's Page « The Storm Index « Previous - Settings
Chapter 29
Posted: March 19, 2004 - 01:43:00 pm

While John sported with Jeannine, Laurie and Cory explored the 'cabin' further. By late morning, they were wandering down a downstairs hall. Stopping before a large French door, they looked in to see Malcolm sitting at a desk in a large and dark room. Tapping lightly on the glass, they waved at him. Malcolm waved back and motioned them in.

"Morning, girls. What ya' doing?", he asked convivially.

"Just exploring, Doctor Andrews. Working on your computer?", asked Laurie.

Malcolm smiled. "Your parents aren't around, kids. You can call me Malcolm if you want. Yes, I was checking my investments over the Internet."

"Cool, uh, Malcolm.", chimed in Cory, moving towards him.

Malcolm made a couple of quick mouse clicks and brought a search engine to the screen. "You use the 'net much in your schoolwork?", he asked.

"Some. It's so hard to find anything, though.", she replied.

Malcolm laughed. "I know! It's like you've got the Library of Congress without a card catalog." He stood up. "Listen, you two thirsty? Why don't I grab us some iced tea, then I'll show you a little about working the search engines. Sound alright?" The girls gave rapid nods and grins, then settled themselves around the computer he vacated. Malcolm returned a few minutes later with a tray with ice-filled glasses and a pitcher. "No tea, but lemonade okay?"

"Sure.", said Cory, as she helped her host to pour out the drinks.

Malcolm moved back to his seat and Laurie got up from the chair and stood behind it. Malcolm sat down and looked at the screen. "Now what in the world..." The search engine had cranked out a search on the word 'sex', and a hit list of over 300,000 was available.

Laurie blushed. "I was curious. My friend Janey says you can find all sorts of stuff on the Internet, and our parents have this stupid baby-sitter program on our computer. I wanted to find out if she was right."

Malcolm nodded. "Okay. She was right. But in order to do a proper search, an efficient search, you have to get picky about what you search for. Now, sex is a pretty broad topic, right? Let's say you had searched for 'apple'. You'd probably have as large a list, covering everything from eating apples to Apple computers to New York City."

"New York?", asked Laurie.

"Hey, it's the Big Apple. The same goes for sex. That will cover everything from reproduction in fish to transvestite hookers..."

"Trans... what?", interrupted Cory.

"Never mind, even I don't understand them. But you get my drift. So what do you want to know about - AIDS, dirty movies, celebrities, amateurs, Congress? We have to narrow things down."

The twins looked sheepishly at each other, not knowing what to say. Finally Laurie stammered out, "Well, Janey said that she was able to look at Playboy on the 'net."

"No problem. Now gather around and watch. First I type in 'playboy magazine' into the search field. Then I tell it to go for an exact match."

"What do you mean?", asked Cory. Malcolm briefly explained how a search engine worked, matching text strings. "So the search engine looks at all these Web sites to find the letters? That must take forever."

"Not at all. See, it's already done. The search engines don't see each page, they see a sort of summary at the master computers that run the Web, sort of. These are updated constantly. Now, we simply pick the choice we like." Malcolm commented briefly on the URL addresses visible, and clicked on a listing at the top. In moments, Playboy was on the screen.

"Jesus, that's fast!", exclaimed Cory.

"Wow! Our computer takes forever.", added her sister.

"It's not the PC; it's the modem. I have a special high speed line called a T1 line. It's much faster than the average home computer." Malcolm moved his chair back and patted his knees. "Now sit down and look around in there."

Cory and Laurie set their half-empty glasses down and came around in front of him. For the next twenty minutes the girls surfed first the Playboy Web site, then moved on to several other adult magazines and links. During this time Malcolm commented briefly on how to get to various sites, but more often than not simply sat back and enjoyed the view of the twins perched on his outstretched legs. Both had on tank tops and gym shorts, although he noted that Cory's top was cut somewhat looser and gave him an excellent view of her breasts.

"Wait a minute, what was that?", asked Laurie.

Malcolm came out of his reverie to here Cory ask, "What was what?"

"It was on that menu. Go back up to the top." Her sister floundered briefly with the mouse and Laurie took it away from her. "Here, I'll find it." A few seconds later, she had pulled down a bookmark menu, at the bottom of which had an entry - 'Caroline's Couch'. "What's this, Malcolm?"

"Click on it and find out.", he said.

Laurie did so, and a Web page popped on to the screen. Labeled Caroline's Couch, it featured several prominent pictures of their hostess, one in a black negligee, another in a miniskirt and halter top, another in a sundress. In all the pictures a lot of leg and cleavage was showing. "Welcome to my couch. I'll make you comfortable.", was the subheading. The girls stared briefly at the screen, then twisted to look at Malcolm.

Malcolm smiled. "We have our own Web page." He pointed at a door off the den. "I have my own Web server in there. Last year some friends of ours showed us theirs, and it included a private section for my friend's wife. You needed a special password to get in, but inside were a bunch of nude photos of his wife, which he had scanned in. Well, Caroline got really turned on by the whole thing, and asked if I could do something like that, so I learned how."

"Wow!", exclaimed Laurie. "Isn't that hard?"

Malcolm made a funny face. "Look, Laurie, I don't want to sound like I'm bragging, but my friend isn't Bill Gates. He's an accountant. And besides, the software out there on the market makes it simple. Just look around."

The twins twisted back to face the computer, and Malcolm put a hand on each back to steady them. They scanned the home page, then clicked on a link to 'Caroline's Boudoir'. It popped up almost immediately.

"How come it's so much faster on your page, Malcolm?", asked Cory.

"Because the Web server is right here. You aren't dialing out through the phone lines to get it."

Caroline's Couch turned out to be a fairly extensive location, decidedly X-rated. There were pages for all the occupants of the household, including Jerry and the servants. The women all had a page of nudes and semi-nudes, as did the men. Other linked pages showed the women with sex toys, and having all kinds of sex with the menfolk. Laurie and Cory lingered over a number of pictures, while Malcolm lingered over them. Laurie's gym shorts were cut very high on the sides, so he slipped his supporting hand down her back and in through the side to massage her ass. In Cory's case, he simply slid his hand down through the waistband.

Finally after viewing the entire site, the girls were very turned on. Laurie clicked off the browser, and twisted around to face Malcolm. Standing, she slid her shorts off, then sat down again on the proffered knee. "I was wondering if you were going to be interested in us. I guess I know now, don't I.", she said matter-of-factly.

"Laurie, I've been interested in the two of you since you showed up here. I just haven't had a chance to let you know, or to find out if you were interested. I guess I know now, too." He gently eased the girls off his lap and took their hands. "Why don't we move over here.", he commented leading them across the library to a large leather couch. He seated himself in the center of the couch and guided the pair to flanking positions, kissing them gently as they settled in next to him. Facing Cory, he reached down to the hem of her shirt and began to slide it up her abdomen. "Why don't I make you two more comfortable?", he asked genially. Moments later both twins were as naked as the day they were born, and Malcolm feasted his eyes on the supple young bodies.

Laurie struck a pose, a hand on one hip with a leg thrust forward. "So, how do we look?"

"Lord, but you two are beautiful.", exclaimed Malcolm. Lifting his hips off the couch, he unzipped his fly and pushed his pants off his legs. The girls were treated to their first sight of an uncircumcised erection. "Something a little different, eh, ladies?"

"Yeah!", admitted Laurie. She and her sister climbed onto the couch on opposite sides of Malcolm. She gingerly reached out and ran a finger over the cockhead peeking turtle-like from his foreskin. "Uh, what do we, uh, I mean, how..."

"Just like you would do with any other, honey. Simply treat the gentleman with love and affection and very tender care.", said Malcolm.

Cory grinned and twisted around on the couch, laying down so that her head was in his crotch. She grasped his shaft lightly and began pumping it gently, then extended her tongue and began to delicately lick his dickhead and the small flap of skin covering it. Malcolm sighed, smiling, and a small bead of pre-come formed at the tip, which Cory licked off. Looking up at her sister, she grinned and said, "Try it, you'll like it!"

Laurie laughed and knelt down with her head next to her sister's. She took Cory's place sucking and licking Malcolm's cock, while Cory kept pumping it. Malcolm gave a low moan and closed his eyes, running his hands through both naked girls' hair. As the two brought him closer to coming, his hips began churning and he began pressing downward, forcing his cock further into Laurie's mouth. His eyes opened wide as he felt her teeth raking his sensitive dick and Laurie began gagging.

Laurie scrambled up and away and Cory dived into her place, opening her mouth wide and taking Malcolm inside in his entirety. Malcolm simply smiled over at the worried teen and cupped her breasts with his free hand, the other still in her sister's hair. Cory soon had him back at the point of release, and with a groan, Malcolm began pumping a load of jism into the reclining girl's mouth. Cory swallowed his come, pumping his cock dry, then pulled up and smacked her lips with a big smile.

"That was very nice, Cory.", said Malcolm, panting.

"Yeah, it was, wasn't it. I guess we know who the real cocksucker is in the family.", she bragged to her sister.

Laurie swung a fist at her, yelling, "You bitch!"

Malcolm blocked the blow and looked crossly at Cory. "Young lady, that was not very nice. This is not a contest. Don't look so smug, I've had better than you, too."

"Sorry." Cory looked away, shamefaced.

"It's not my fault I can't deep throat!", hissed her sister. "I just can't, is all"

"Maybe you need a real expert to teach you.", commented Malcolm, trying to defuse the situation.

Laurie and Cory both looked at him with interest. "Who?"

Malcolm shrugged. "Hell, I don't know. You could always ask your mother, I suppose. Any woman who can go down on your father has to know more than the average about sucking cock."

"What's that mean?", asked Cory.

"Well, it's just that your father is, well, pretty big, I mean." Malcolm held his hands up, indicating a truly monstrous appendage. "Well, anyway, something like that. Bigger than me, anyway. A woman who can give him head can give anyone head."

"Well, we can't ask her that!", exclaimed Laurie.

Malcolm shrugged, accepting the probable impossibility of such a thing. The general conversation had caused his dick to stiffen anew. He settled back into the cushions and pulled Laurie onto his lap, facing away from him. Lifting her by the waist, he pulled her into position and lowered her sopping twat onto his dick. The teen moaned as she felt his foreskin slipping along the tight walls of her pussy. Malcolm grinned at Cory. "Now, since you were so mean to your sister, you have to get down between our legs and make her come."

Cory laughed and rolled onto the floor. Kneeling between their outstretched legs, she pressed her lips to the pussy that was wrapped around Malcolm's cock and began to lick and kiss her sister's clit. Laurie shrieked and began bouncing on the entrapped dick, but Cory was relentless. Malcolm held the quivering teen in place with a hand on her hips and another wrapped around her front, playing with her nipples. Laurie began coming non-stop, and Cory didn't slack off her dining until she was licking Malcolm's frothy come as it pulsed out of Laurie's pistoning cunt.

Afterwards, Laurie slipped off Malcolm's lap and Cory climbed back onto the couch opposite her sister, and Malcolm wrapped an arm around both girls. "Now that is what I call a great way to start the day!" The girls giggled and cuddled against the older man, wondering whether they could fuck around some more. Malcolm decided to take a chance. "Girls, have you ever considered that you both have a third place to put a stiff prick?"

Both girls looked confused for a bit, then Laurie's eyes opened wide. "Ughh, gross!", she shouted.

"Ooh, yuck!", agreed her sister. "You don't mean, you want to..."

"... put your cock in our butts? How gross! That's...", continued Laurie.

"... sick!", finished Cory.

Malcolm let the two run down, then said, "Hold it ladies. Can I explain something?"

The twins looked at him warily, but they both nodded assent.

"Okay, first off, it's not what you think, whatever that might be. It's actually a lot of fun, for both people. If you don't believe me, just ask your mom." The girls simply stared at him, unable to comprehend their mother doing something like that! "Listen, I'm not telling you what to do, simply that you should consider it."

Laurie answered for both of them when she gave a skeptical, "I don't know."

"Listen, let me try one thing." Malcolm held his hands up with his palms out in a 'Trust me' gesture when they both backed away. "Give me a moment." He stood and pulled his pants back up and left the room. The girls looked at each other curiously and got dressed themselves. Malcolm returned a few minutes later and found the girls waiting for him. He reached into his pants pockets and pulled out a few items, a small black egg and a remote control of some form, and a small tube of lubricating ointment.

The pair looked at him with interest as he explained their use. "Okay, this is a small anal vibrator. It works just like the ones you two have already found, only around at the back door." He held up the small control unit and flicked a switch, causing a low hum to come from the vibrator. He flicked it off and said, "This controls it, on... off... on... off." He flicked the switch back and forth several times to demonstrate it. "You smear a little KY on the vibrator and put it in place, and you can go anywhere with it."

Both Cory and Laurie were fascinated by the little device, passing it back and forth, and buzzing it intermittently.

Malcolm continued, "Let me make a suggestion. One of you give it a try, just for a bit. If you don't like it, then we forget about it. If you do like it, you let your sister try it. Okay?"

The twins looked at each other, and slowly nodded. "Okay, but Laurie goes first.", replied Cory.

Malcolm laughed. "Fine, Laurie, drop your drawers again." Laurie pushed her panties off and Malcolm faced her away from him. She spread her legs at his request and Malcolm found himself staring up her pussy from behind. Ignoring the temptation to fuck her again, he opened the tube of ointment and squirted a small dollop on his right index finger. This he rubbed onto the anal vibrator, then gently pushed it into the puckered brown ring of her rectum.

Laurie's eyes opened wide and she began to squirm. Cory gave her a worried look and asked, "Does it hurt?"

Laurie stood gingerly. "Uh, no. I just feel like I have to go to the bathroom!"

Malcolm grinned. "Trust me, that will pass in just a minute or two. Now, pull your pants back up."

Laurie got dressed and began to move around the room, slowly at first, but then more normally. "Uh, it's okay, I guess."

Malcolm waited a few more moments, then picked up the remote. He flicked it on and was pleased with the results. Laurie stopped in mid-stride, bolting straight upright, her back arching, and her mouth gaping open. Malcolm waited a few seconds and turned it off.

Laurie sagged against her sister. "Oh my God!", she exclaimed.

"What was it like?", demanded Cory.

"Oh, God, it was so good!"

"Take it out and let me try!", she demanded.

Laurie refused, setting off another argument, which Malcolm defused, saying, "Hey, you share. Every hour, you two switch off. I'll keep hold of the remote. I'll buzz you every once in a while. Tonight, you two come to Caroline's and my room and tell us how you liked it." The girls eagerly agreed and left, although Malcolm buzzed Laurie again once she had left the room. A delighted moan came through the open door.
Chapter 30
Home - Top   Feedback to author


Home « rlfj's Page « The Storm Index « Previous - Settings
Chapter 30
Posted: March 22, 2004 - 03:53:17 pm

Phoebe had coffee ready for the two women when they appeared in the kitchen, but Anita was so tired that the cook's attire, or lack of it, passed unnoticed. She and Caroline had cereal, then put the dishes in the sink when Tony came in to announce that the car was warmed up. They put on their coats and headed out to the Cadillac in the front driveway. They settled in to the back seat and napped while Tony drove.

Both woke up when Tony sped up on the ramp for the Adirondack Northway at Glens Falls. "So, when do you head south?", asked Anita.

Caroline said, "Next week, sometime around Wednesday or Thursday. We've already ordered up the U-Haul to tow behind the Jeep." Anita looked curious, so she explained. "Tony and the others load everything we'll need into the Jeep and the trailer and head straight down to Florida. Meanwhile, Malcolm and I load some stuff into the Caddy and take a bit of a vacation, stopping every once in a while."

"Sounds like a long trip for Tony and the rest of the crew.", remarked Anita.

Caroline shrugged and smiled. "Tony and Reeves take turns driving, and Phoebe and Jeanine provide entertainment along the way."

Anita grinned. "I'll just bet they do. So, where do you guys stop while you and Malcolm are driving?"

"Here, there, wherever. We usually visit a few friends along the way, and we always stop off at Myrtle Beach to see my sister. She usually comes along with us for a week's vacation of her own."

"Well, you'll have to stop by our place. I don't know if Pittsburgh is too far out of the way for you, but we have to show you some hospitality of our own. Stay the night and we'll have a very private party, just the six of us.", insisted Anita.

Caroline smiled and nodded agreement. "It's a plan. Before you go home, just give me a number and I'll call you and tell you when we're going to be there."

"Great! And then you go to Myrtle Beach? What's your sister like?", asked Anita.

In response, Caroline opened her purse and pulled out her wallet. Flipping it open, she showed a picture to her guest. Anita saw a short and pretty blonde, slightly plump but very cute and sexy nonetheless, dressed in a tube top and short skirt. "She must be your younger sister.", she commented.

"By almost eight years. Her name is Debbie.", agreed Caroline. She pulled the photo from the plastic holder, and Anita noticed that there were several photos behind the first one. Caroline handed one to her and Anita's eyes widened. In this photo, Debbie's tube top was pulled down to her waist and her skirt was pulled up above her hips. Her legs were spread wide and she was fingering herself while playing with her large breasts. She was a natural blonde.

"Holy shit! You mean... your sister... you guys..."

"Oh, yeah!", said Caroline wickedly. "Get a load of this shot!"

Anita took the proffered photograph and stared at it. It was like something she had seen only once before in a porn movie. Debbie was wearing nothing but her stockings and a pair of high heels and was kneeling astride Malcolm, his cock up her pussy. Reeves was kneeling behind her with his dick up her ass, and Debbie was twisted around to one side, supporting herself on outstretched arms while Tony fed his oversized cock into her mouth. "Jesus! A TP! I've never seen that except in movies!"

"I can arrange for the guys to take care of that if you want.", replied Caroline. "To be honest, I think it's more trouble than it's worth. The guys usually like it, but I almost never come that way. Too many things to think about or do, I guess."

"You mean you... !?"

Caroline shrugged and smiled, nodding. Anita gaped at her.

"Listen, forget about it.", said Caroline, putting her photos away. "Any ideas on what you want to shop for?"

Anita gave her a blank look. "Not really. Maybe a nice outfit. I should pick up some stockings, I suppose, and a new nightgown to replace the one that John ripped up the other night." She said the last with a big grin.

"Great, I'll pick up a few things, too." She leaned over the front seat and said, "Tony, let's hit Crossgates first, okay." At his assent, she turned back to Anita and took off her coat. "Let's get ready."

Anita gave her a mystified look. "What do you mean?"

Caroline unbuttoned her heavy flannel shirt and began taking it off. "Well, we're going to be buying clothing, right? Sexy stuff? Stuff to screw around in?" At Anita's nod, she began removing her bra. "So, we need to lose the underwear. Get down to the essentials. Trust me, if we are going to be trying stuff on and off, it will be a real pain after a while." Tossing the discarded bra on the floor, she pulled the shirt back on and began buttoning it.

Anita thought about it for a second before agreeing. Reaching up under her bulky cable knit sweater, she undid the front clasp on her own bra, then tugged it off and out the armholes. Unlike Caroline, she hadn't worn panties, so she simply watched as her hostess skinned off her loose jeans and yanked them off. She did slip off her sneakers and pull her socks off, which Caroline did as well.

Tony disdained parking, simply pulling up to the first major mall entrance. Anita grabbed her coat and began putting it on but Caroline stopped her. "Tony can let us out and then park the car, right Tony?"

"You got it. Just leave your coats here. I can run stuff in and out for you."

"Do you really want to tote that thing all over the mall?", asked Caroline. She opened the door and hopped out, and Anita left her coat on the seat. The air was brisk and breezy, but the two ran for the doorway and quickly got out of the cold. Moments later they were window-shopping.

The pair sauntered from store to store, looking to the casual observer to be simply gazing and gawking. This was wrong, however, as they were in full blown SHOPPING MODE. Tony trailed discreetly, at a short distance, passing the time girl-watching and taking the occasional package out to the car. He joined them for lunch in the second floor food court, but otherwise left the pair alone.

By late afternoon, they had both bought a pair of sundresses, one short and one long, as well as a couple of pair of high heels and some stockings. They headed down to the Frederick's of Hollywood outlet to shop for a few nightgowns. Caroline had confided to a giggling Anita that hers got just as mangled as Anita's did, from all the hands trying to remove them from her. This time Tony followed them in, explaining that he wanted to pick a few items up for Jeanine.

Anita had picked out a long and gauzy white gown and was sorting through a rack of corsets and Merry Widows with Caroline when the pair noticed a rack of flashy dresses at the rear of the store. Next to the rack stood a headless mannequin wearing an outfit that she described to Caroline as "Club Slut!" It consisted of a shiny black vinyl miniskirt and short jacket, along with a pair of thigh high matching high heeled boots. Her eyes kept drifting back to it, and Caroline noticed.

The brunette went over to the mannequin and looked at the price tag. It was high, but less than she had expected. "Anita, this isn't a bad price.", she commented.

Anita gave a shocked look. "Caroline, I couldn't! I mean, where could I wear something like that? It's illegal to even own a dress like that in Pittsburgh!"

Caroline laughed and moved away from the outfit, but one of the store clerks noticed the byplay. She came up, asking, "Would you like to try it on?"

Anita demurred, but her eyes had a wistful look in them as she did so. Caroline asked, "So what's the story with this outfit. It's the only one like it here, and the price is marked way down."

The clerk, a tall and leggy blonde, sighed and answered, "Well, it was a special order for a customer, who then cancelled the order. It was also discontinued, so we have only the one on the mannequin and can't get any more." She eyed Anita speculatively. "To be honest, I really think it would fit you very nicely."

"Oh, I couldn't!", said Anita, staring at the black vinyl clothing.

The clerk unsnapped the jacket and pulled it off the mannequin, handing it to Anita. She kept staring at it. "Wouldn't it be hot and sweaty?", she asked weakly.

The clerk opened it up, showing a soft lining. "Not really. Oh I wouldn't suggest wearing it in Miami in August, but otherwise, it's fine. I have a dress made out of this stuff, and you'd be surprised just how easy it is to wear."

"I bet you can just hose it off.", remarked Caroline, at which the clerk nodded and laughed.

Anita tried to put it on, but the bulky sweater was much too large for the snug garment. Caroline pointed her in the direction of the dressing rooms with orders to remove her sweater and try it again. By the time Anita had it on, Caroline's hand thrust the skirt through the curtain, so she sat down and stripped off her jeans, then wrapped it around her waist and did up the snaps. She ogled herself in the mirror. The clerk had been right; it really was her size!

Barefoot, she stepped out of the curtains, looking around to see if anybody other than Caroline and the clerk could see her. "So, what do you think? I mean, I can't really wear something like this, but, you know, how does it look?"

"Great!", exclaimed Caroline. She was holding the boots in her hands. "Here, try these on, they're your size and mine."

With a fair bit of trepidation, Anita took the heavy vinyl boots and stepped back behind the curtain. They were surprisingly comfortable, having an elastic seam where they zipped up the back, and were lined with the same type of lining as the jacket and skirt. Stepping carefully, she came out from behind the curtain, to find that Tony had joined the others. She blushed at seeing a man present.

Tony didn't care. Giving a low whistle, he said, "Outstanding, Mrs. Andrews, outstanding! You look totally hot!" The dress looked like something a model would go clubbing in. The jacket was long sleeved and double breasted with bright brass snaps, and a low cut front that pushed her tits up and out, displaying incredible cleavage. The skirt came down to mid-thigh at best, and wrapped around her, with brass snaps holding it together. It could be unsnapped as much as the wearer dared, and the slit could be worn at the side, which was how Anita was wearing it, or at the front, or even the rear. The heels were almost four inch stilettos.

"Really, Anita, you do look outrageous in that.", agreed his employer. "Wait 'til John sees you in that!"

"No, I couldn't!", she cried, eyeing herself in the mirror. John would have a heart attack if she ever wore this out!

Caroline ignored the protest, turning to face the clerk. "Listen, you folks kept the deposit, right? And you can't order any more of these, so it's nothing but a white elephant for you. Come down another twenty percent on the price and you won't lose anything on it, and we'll take it off your hands, along with a few other items, too." Anita continued to protest half-heartedly while the clerk went up to the front desk to ask the manager and returned with a smile.

"Sold!", she announced with a grin.

Anita was shooed back to the dressing room after positively screaming that she wasn't about to wear this out of the store. When she came back out, she found that Caroline had found a very slinky halter-topped minidress in a shiny stretch fabric, and was holding a couple of packages of black pantyhose in her hands. "Are these your size?", she asked Anita, handing her one.

Anita glanced at the chart on the back and nodded dumbly, then noticed that the label specified that they were 'Nude To The Waist' and 'Crotchless'. "What in the world?!"

"Cool it, Anita! They'll go great with that outfit. You can wear that slit in any direction as open as you want with these on."

Anita shrugged acquiescence and the group bundled up their packages and handed them to the clerk to pay for and bag up. Tony took the haul out to the car and brought it to the nearest entrance, and the two women headed back north.
Chapter 31
Home - Top   Feedback to author


Home « rlfj's Page « The Storm Index « Previous - Settings
Chapter 31
Posted: March 25, 2004 - 10:53:31 am

When John crawled from bed, it was almost lunchtime. After another shower, he pulled on slacks and a sport shirt, and went downstairs. The house seemed deserted with his wife and Caroline gone, and Tony had left with them as their driver. He wandered into the kitchen to see if he could make a sandwich. He found the large room empty, and began to root around in the Sub-Zero refrigerator when Phoebe came in from the pantry.

John watched the cook approach with interest. The buxom brunette did not appear to be wearing much more than an apron and high heels, and she had a pronounced wiggle and jiggle to her walk. This was just fine with John, since he appreciated a woman who wiggled and jiggled, like his wife. Phoebe looked at him curiously and he explained his presence. "Hi. I was just going to make a sandwich for lunch."

Phoebe smiled at the guest. "Sure thing, no problem. I was just tidying up the pantry. What can I get for you?"

"No, no, that's all right, I can take care of it."

"No, really, let me.", she insisted. "I was just about to make something myself. What would you like?" Phoebe opened the refrigerator and peered inside. "Cold cuts?"

John shrugged and acquiesced. "Fine by me."

"Ham and cheese on rye all right?", asked the cook. John gave an easy nod and she pulled the fixings from the refrigerator. John kept watching the girl as she moved. She was showing a considerable quantity of skin, though her tits and pussy were still hidden from view, although the crack of her ass showed through where the apron tied in the back. Phoebe caught him watching and turned to face him. "Get undressed.", she said.

John stared at her. "Excuse me?"

"You heard me, get undressed! You're seeing just about everything I have to offer but you've still got your clothes on. Come on, get undressed and I'll serve you lunch, and dessert, too."

John laughed and pulled his sport shirt out of his waistband, then pulled it over his head and tossed it onto the kitchen table. As Phoebe watched him with interest out of the corner of her eye, he skinned off his slacks and set them on top of his shirt. He leaned against the counter, his cock hanging large and thick between his thighs, slowly filling with blood as he watched Phoebe make the sandwiches. When his erection was firm and pointed at her, he reached out and pulled the tie holding her apron around her waist loose. It fell away from her lush body to hang from the straps around her neck.

Phoebe pulled the apron off and tossed it onto the counter, then picked up two plates and turned towards him. Her nipples were stiff and perkily pointing upwards. She set the plates on the table and pulled an armless kitchen chair out from the table. "Sit down.", she ordered, and John sat down. He moved to face the table again, but Phoebe stopped him. Coming around to his front, she straddled the chair and sat down in his lap. John's cock stood straight up between them. "You won't get a meal like this anywhere but here.", she announced. Smiling, she scooted forward on John's lap and raised up, reaching between them to grasp her fellow diner's dick and aim it at her shaved cunt. She placed his oversized cockhead at the entrance to her pussy and sat down on it.

John's eyes closed briefly as Phoebe's tight little cunt swallowed him, luxuriating in the feelings rushing through his groin. He let out a small groan, then opened his eyes again. Phoebe had stopped moving once she had hit bottom, and she was simply resting with his cock up her pussy. She twisted slightly and handed him a sandwich. "The really neat part is that we don't need any napkins this way. You simply let the other person lick up any crumbs.", she said gleefully.

John took a couple of bites from his sandwich, and a few crumbs of rye fell to her left breast. Properly instructed, he set his sandwich aside and lowered his face while lifting the large tit to his mouth. He licked the crumbs up, adding a few extra licks for good measure, and Phoebe sighed contentedly. By the time both had finished their sandwiches, Phoebe felt hot and flushed, and was squirming uncontrollably. She began bouncing on the meat trapped in her sopping wet cunt, crying out in her excitement, and John placed his hands on her hips to guide her movements. The little cook was coming endlessly by the time John lost all control and began spraying his come upwards into her.

After a few moments resting in her lover's arms, Phoebe climbed onto wobbly feet. "God, that was so fucking good!", she exclaimed. John moved to stand, and she pushed him back into the chair. "No, don't go, that was just round one. Let me clean up a bit in here and we'll fuck some more. Please?!", she pleaded.

John laughed. "Anything for a lady. I'll try to live up to your standards."

Phoebe grabbed the plates with a laugh. "Oh, you will, I'm sure of it."

The pair talked lightly of the goings on in the household while Phoebe cleaned up from lunch and puttered around the kitchen. John could feel his limp and wet prick recovering in record time, no doubt inspired, he thought, by the sight of her heavenly tits bouncing as she moved, so wonderfully big and tasty. He stood and leaned back against the table, his cock jutting out, as the young girl finished up.

Phoebe eyed his erect prick appreciatively and tossed her dishcloth aside. She surprised John by pulling a bottle of olive oil from the pantry and moving over to him. Unscrewing the cap, she poured some oil in the palm of her hand, then reached down and began stroking his cock, oiling it. Turning her back to him, she poured some more oil in her hand and ran it up the crack of her ass, preparing for what she wanted next. "I don't think I've ever had a cock that big in my asshole.", she said as she lay flat on the table with her legs dangling off.

"Wow!", said John, staring at the beautiful big ass. "You sure you want to do this? I don't want to hurt you, and I am sort of large, you know."

Phoebe looked back over her shoulder at him and reached back to spread the cheeks of her ass wide. Her butthole winked pleasantly at him. "Oh, yes, please! Both Mrs. Jenson and your wife say it's simply wonderful! I really want you to fuck my ass. I even gave myself an enema earlier today, just so I'd be ready for you!"

"Okay, I'll start out slow, then you tell me what you want." John stepped up to the cook, between her legs, and grabbed his greasy dick. Aiming the head, he moved forward and pressed it into her asshole. He was amazed at how easily he slipped the head inside, and paused briefly.

"Don't stop, don't stop, fuck my ass, fuck my ass!", begged Phoebe. John bucked his hips forward, slowly pushing in until he had all nine inches inside her. Phoebe was moaning in orgasm, mumbling, "Fuck my ass!", over and over. John pulled out until only the tip was still inside, then pushed back in faster. Phoebe's moan became louder, and John began fucking her hard and fast. "Yes, yes!", she began crying as she felt his balls slapping against her bare pussy. "More, more!"

John fucked her ass savagely until the strain of holding back became too great for him. "Oh, God, I'm coming, I'm coming!", he cried as his balls erupted. His cock geysered a never-ending stream of his jism into the quivering girls entrails. "Yes, yes!"

Slowly the pair separated. Phoebe crawled off the table, reaching down to pick John's clothes off the floor she had knocked them to. John reveled in the sight of the young cook, his come streaming down her thighs from her pussy and asshole, and he took his clothes back. They grinned at each other and left for their bedrooms to clean up and nap.
Chapter 32
Home - Top   Feedback to author


Home « rlfj's Page « The Storm Index « Previous - Settings
Chapter 32
Posted: March 27, 2004 - 11:24:37 am

After ten minutes with the heater turned up to full blast, the back seat of the Cadillac was warm enough for the two women to dispense with the heavy winter coats they had bundled up in again. They stripped them off and lounged against them, then Caroline scooted over on the seat to where she was sitting next to Anita. Reaching out, she put her hands under the hem of Anita's bulky sweater and caressed the redhead's soft belly. At Anita's startled look, she commented, "Anita, shopping for fuck clothes always makes me so horny, and Tony's busy." She leaned forward and kissed Anita on the lips gently as she slid her hands upwards, to cup Anita's D-cup tits.

Anita let out a small moan into Caroline's mouth as there tongues dueled briefly, luxuriating in the feel of Caroline's fingertips on her sensitive nipples. She tugged her sweater up and over her breasts, then reached out to return the favor. Her fingers were quite experienced at unbuttoning her husband's shirts; the reversal of the buttons on a woman's shirt proved no difficulty. Caroline twisted slightly and Anita spread the shirt wide open and fondled the puffy nipples inside.

Both women lingered, lips connected and fingers toying with the other's tits, but it was Anita who proved more aggressive. She began unsnapping Caroline's waistband and unzipping the woman's loose jeans, then shoved her hand inside to touch the shaved pussy inside. Caroline's crotch emanated a hot and damp musk that eloquently announced her arousal. Pushing closer, Anita lowered her face to the nearest breast, licking and sucking the distended nipple as she began probing for Caroline's clitoris. Caroline moaned lushly as she sagged back into the cushions. Anita then switched tits, sucking the far one as she used her free hand on the now wet breast. Her other hand found the mark, slipping a finger inside the cuntslit that was now pumping out a steady flow of pussy juice, rubbing back and forth against the blood engorged clit. Caroline shrieked as she began orgasming.

Anita took Caroline through an extended come, letting her peak and come down, then taking her back up for a second, harder orgasm. Afterwards, she relented, and Caroline opened her eyes. Coming out of her pleasure-induced trance, she gazed blankly at Anita and said, "Oh that was so good. More?"

Anita grinned and pulled her sweater over her head, then kicked off her shoes and skinned off her jeans. "Uh, uh. It's my turn." She lay back against her coat and spread her legs wide.

Caroline laughed. "You bitch!" Facing the front of the car, she said, "Tony, watch the road!" Tony chuckled at this, then Caroline turned back and finished undressing. She twisted around on the spacious back seat, and lay down, half on the seat and kneeling on the floor. She pressed her face into Anita's crotch and began to nibble gently on the soft flesh of her inner thighs.

Anita gasped as Caroline's teeth gently nipped her skin, then let out a low groan as Caroline moved closer, to softly lick around her pussy lips. It seemed as if this erotic torment would go on forever, since Caroline avoided touching Anita's clit, licking with a slowly increasing force all around her pussy, circling the tiny button. Finally, Anita couldn't take any more, and grabbing her hostess by the back of the head, forced her face hard against her, and Caroline planted her lips on the target and began sucking, hard, on it. Anita shrieked and began spasming wildly as her hips bucked and her legs twitched.

Exhausted, Anita pulled Caroline up onto the rear seat and the other woman fell into her arms. They reclined their, caressing and kissing each other the rest of the drive up the highway. It was already dark when they began the final forty-five minute stretch, and Caroline twisted around so that her feet were pointed towards Anita's head. Anita got the idea immediately, stretching out on the back seat and moving towards the other door. She lay flat on the seat and Caroline carefully climbed astride her in the sixty-nine position. They licked and sucked cunt for most of the remainder of the drive home.

Afterwards, her face sloppy with Caroline's cunt juice, Anita curled up alongside the brunette, running a hand along her side. Slipping a finger between their nestled bodies, she flicked it across the shaved slit, causing Caroline to give a small start. "I can't believe how silky and smooth that feels."

"Ummm, don't stop." Caroline smiled blissfully in the afterglow of the intense orgasms she had just experienced. "I love to keep it shaved. Malcolm loves to eat shaved pussy, and he's so damn good at it!"

"I'll say!"

Caroline smiled at the redhead in her arms. "So, shave yours and I bet John'll eat you more often."

"You think? How often do you shave?", asked Anita curiously.

"Never!" At Anita's confusion, she laughed and continued. "I never shave. I have a household full of volunteers who handle that for me." Anita giggled at this. "Every two or three days, actually, and all I have to do is fuck the living hell out of whoever shaved me. Reeves is the best, actually." Tony gave a good-natured snort from the front seat. "Tonight, why don't you ask him for a special treatment."

Anita was intrigued by the idea. "Would he?"

"Sure. You simply pay him back the same way I do."

"Hmm?"

"Fuck the living hell out of him!"

Both Anita and Caroline were still in each other's arms as Tony pulled into the garage. They disentangled themselves and dressed as Tony began emptying the trunk. He had turned to carry things inside when Caroline called out, stopping him. He returned to the car, and she said, "Tony, We'd like to thank you for being so good with us today. Would you like Anita and me to thank you."

Tony grinned. "Yes, ma'am. Listening to you two go at it for the last two hours made me really need a good 'thank you'."

Anita tugged her sweater over her head and laid it on the hood of the car. Her nipples stiffened in the chill, and she knelt down at the servant's feet. Caroline opened her flannel shirt up and joined her. Together they unzipped the young man's zipper and pulled his huge cock out into the open. He was rock hard with anticipation. Tony received a nice and fast hummer, with Anita sucking his oversized cockhead while Caroline licked and fondled his balls. Tony spewed an endless load down Anita's throat. Thanking them, he tucked himself back into his pants and zipped up.

"Tony, take the stuff up to my room and send Phoebe up, will you?", said Caroline as she rearranged her clothing. Turning back to Anita, she said, "Listen, it's late. Why don't we have Phoebe bring up something to eat, and you and I can dress up and surprise the guys downstairs."

Anita tugged her sweater into place and nodded. "Okay by me, but what if John and Malcolm are occupied, you know, with Jeanine or Phoebe?"

"So what, it'll be their loss! We'll track down Reeves and get you that shave, in that case."

The plan seemed eminently sensible to the shorter woman, and she trailed Caroline inside and up the back steps. Phoebe was waiting for them, sitting on the king-sized bed, and when questioned, informed them that the others had already eaten, and that John and Malcolm were awaiting their return in the parlor. She headed downstairs with orders to return with snacks and iced tea.

Caroline and Anita took a fast shower together, then dried off. They were still sorting out their purchases when Phoebe returned with a tray of crackers and cheese, and a pitcher with three glasses. She poured for the two women, then helped herself to some iced tea as she looked over the dresses. "I told Jeanine not to get anything started with those two, and the others that you would be down shortly.", said the petite cook. She picked up Caroline's Spandex minidress and said, "Oooh! This is nice." Anita pulled the black vinyl outfit out and she gasped in awe. "That is so fucking hot! Put it on!", she demanded.

Caroline handed Anita the crotchless pantyhose, and the two women undressed. They put their new outfits on and modeled them in the mirror, adjusting them as Phoebe gave approving remarks. "You two look like you're ready for a hot night of clubbing."

Caroline laughed, saying to Anita, "Phoebe's idea of appropriate night club wear is crotchless blue jeans and a push-up bra. Still, this should do, don't you think?"

Anita gave a small twirl. "You bet. Still, I don't want to get too involved down there. I want to find Reeves about that shave job before I go to bed."

"You're getting Reeves to shave your pussy?", asked Phoebe. "Cool! I'll tell him you'll be visiting him tonight. Don't worry about going to bed. A Reeves' shave is an all night affair." She pulled her apron up to expose her cleanly shorn pussy. "It's worth it, though!"

Phoebe left to tell the butler, and Caroline led Anita down the hall a few minutes later. John and Malcolm were waiting for the two sluts in the parlor. They both had glasses of beer in their hands, half empty, and two more full beer glasses were sitting on the bar. The two men stared as Anita and Caroline made their entrance.

"Oh my God!", exclaimed John. John couldn't believe the change in his wife's looks. His sexy and beautiful wife had transformed herself into a walking invitation to rape! He had never seen her in an outfit like the one she was wearing, and his cock threatened to rip through his pants. The black vinyl top pushed her tits up and out like melons on a platter, and the skirt was unsnapped to the waist, the slit exposing completely one stocking clad thigh. The topper was the totally amazing black boots that rose to within an inch of the skirt's hem, something he had secretly lusted after for years. He loved the look of women in dark stockings or thigh high boots.

"Caroline, you two look marvelous.", agreed Malcolm. "That is so outrageous, even for you!"
Chapter 33
Home - Top   Feedback to author


Home « rlfj's Page « The Storm Index « Previous - Settings
Chapter 33
Posted: March 31, 2004 - 05:54:56 pm

After a few drinks, Anita declined the offer of another foursome with the Jensons, explaining that she had an errand to attend to. Her husband looked at her curiously, but she said that she'd explain it later. A few minutes after she left the room, the others left for their bedrooms, though Caroline promised John she'd get somebody to 'look in on him.'

Anita walked down the hallway to the first door and rapped lightly. A light was visible from beneath the door, so when she didn't get a response, she twisted the knob and stuck her head in.

It was not Reeves' room. Centered on the large bed were Tony and Jeannine, half-covered in a slow moving missionary position.

"Oh, excuse me!", blurted Anita.

Tony didn't say anything, but Jeannine looked up and smiled. "Looking for some fun? I guess we can move over." Tony smiled quietly, although his hips didn't stop their repetitive movements.

"Uh, no, actually, I was looking for Reeves."

"Down the hall and around the corner, other side."

"Thanks." Anita closed the door quietly and went down the hall.

She found the promised door and rapped much more forcefully on it. She did not enter until she heard Reeves' deep baritone call out, "Come on in, it's open." Anita opened the door and found Reeves, wearing slacks and a silk bathrobe, rising from an armchair, setting a book down on an endtable. She looked around briefly, not sure what to say, and took in a surprisingly large and comfortable bedroom with an attached bath. "Uh...", she started.

"Mrs. Jenson mentioned you might be dropping by.", he said with a grin. "I gather you are in need of some help?"

"Er, yes, she said that you're the finest barber in town.", stumbled from Anita's lips.

Reeves reached up and rubbed his own bald pate. "You wouldn't think so to look at me, but I do have some talent in the area." Striding across the room, he pulled a sturdy armless chair away from the wall desk and set it facing his guest. Then taking her by the arm, he led her towards it. Reeves stopped Anita before she could sit down on it. "You do understand that the procedure is a lengthy one?"

"I hope so, I mean, Caroline said it would be." Anita turned as red as the seat cushion.

"Excellent.", said Reeves with a laugh. "Let's get started, then, shall we?" He sat down on the chair and motioned Anita closer. "First, I'll need to see the object of my attentions." Reaching out, he unsnapped Anita's left snap and slowly raised the left zipper up her thigh. After only a couple of inches, creamy thigh was showing, then the skirt was falling back, leaving Anita standing before him in her boots and jacket. "Now, spread your legs. Wider. Fine"

"Mrs. Jenson said I should give you the full treatment, and that you wanted to know enough to teach your husband at a later date.", he continued, now staring into Anita's cunt. Her pussy lips were gaping open, and her inner labia and clitoris were prominently displayed through the trim red fur covering them. "The first thing you need to do is make sure that the entire area is well lubricated." Gently he reached up and pulled her hands down to her pussy. He moved them in a mild motion around her clit, then leaned back as Anita began to masturbate herself above him.

For her part, Anita was feeling incredibly slutty. She looked down between the erect nipples opening the jacket wide to see his eyes, gazing back at her in a calm excitement. She quickened her pace and whimpered slightly in her first orgasm.

"Excellent.", he said. "Now remember, lubrication is everything. Next we need a secondary, internal lubrication." So saying, he opened his robe and unzipped his pants. As he squirmed them down his thighs, Anita let out a gasp at the sight of the prodigious organ awaiting her. Reeves' cockhead looked enormous, like an apple on a stick.

"Oh, my!", she exclaimed.

"I promise, this won't hurt a bit. Just sit down on my lap and we'll proceed."

Anita moved forward and sank down onto the prick he aimed at her gaping snatch, letting out a contented sigh as she sank onto his length. Reeves directed her hands back to their joined crotches, then leaned his head down. Lifting her breasts up, he began to suck and chew on the distended nipples in alternation. On the second breast, Anita let out a small shriek and came in a flood of juices. Reeves then began to lose his own concentration and began to lift her and drop her in his lap. Moments later, Anita could feel his cockshaft swell inside her, and she tightened her pussy muscles in response, as he flooded her cunt with his seed.

It took a couple of minutes for the pair to catch their breaths, then as Reeves wilted inside her now thoroughly lubricated cunt, he lifted her off him. "Now, we need to get undressed." Standing, he stripped his clothes off, and Anita stripped off her jacket and boots. He gently pushed her towards the bathroom.

Opening the door to the two-person shower, he turned on the water. As he adjusted the temperature, he said, "The next step is some more lubrication. After you."

Anita entered the shower, and Reeves closed the door behind them as he entered. First he soaped and rinsed Anita, to the point where she was tingling with anticipation, then he handed the soap to her. Anita understood this part well. She had often showered with her husband, who was even taller than Reeves. Even if her altitudinal disadvantage precluded standing intercourse without heels, she knew all about fisting a man off to the point of coming, and beyond.

However, Reeves was not finished with her yet. With his manhood red and rampant, he stopped her and opened the shower door. "Stay there.", he ordered. Anita watched in confusion as he stepped out into the bathroom, grabbed a sturdy plastic stool from the vanity, and carried it back to the shower. She moved to the side as he set it in the shower, came back inside, and closed the door. It was a tight squeeze, but she had enough room to turn around after he moved it into a corner and sat down.

Reeves had Anita take the shower head off the wall and give it to him, then handed her back the soap. Angling the jet of water away from them, he said, "Now, soap my cock up real good, it needs to be squeaky clean and slippery."

Anita had some misgivings as she lathered the butler's cock and balls. She had a good idea where it was going to go next, and she doubted the wisdom of such a trial. "I don't know about this.", she told him.

"Everything will be fine.", assured Reeves. "I've seen your husband, and if he can do this, I know I can. Turn around, and hold this.", he said, handing her the shower head.

Anita faced away from him and backed up until her asscheeks were butting up against the slippery dick standing upright. As Reeves spread her buttocks, she relaxed her anal sphincter and lowered herself onto his cock. There was an initial twinge as he inserted his cockhead into her rectum, but it passed as she gently lowered her ass onto him. After a couple of minutes, she was resting in Reeves' lap as his dick was buried to the hilt in her asshole. She relaxed in pleasure.

Anita was most surprised when Reeves took back the shower head. Switching to a pulsating spray, he first directed the water across her breasts, then placed it between her spread legs and directed the full force of the jet on her clit.

"Oh, God! Oh, God!", she cried in orgasm. Her body began to move involuntarily, as spasms wracked her. Trapped by the iron hard dick in her butt, she could only cry out as she bounced and gyrated. "Oh, God!"

Reeves managed to stay on the stool by bracing his feet against the opposite wall. He let Anita do the work, as her vibrating ass lifted him higher and higher towards orgasm, then dropped the showerhead and grabbed her hips as he began spewing once more. Afterwards, Anita said she thought she would pass out when he came, the spurts were so powerful.

Again, the pair rested, until Anita gingerly could stand and let the anal intruder out. Reeves moved the stool out of the shower and they rinsed off. Turning off the shower, he took Anita by the hand and led her to the vanity. Laying down a couple of towels as a cushion, he lifted her onto the vanity top and spread her legs wide.

Getting out his razor and shaving cream, he started the water running in the sink. "Now, as you can see, proper preparation is the key. The site to be shaved must be well lubricated. Learn these simple techniques, and I'm sure that you and your husband will be satisfied with the results."

Anita let out a snorting laugh. "If John learns to do this, the hell with his satisfaction. I'll be satisfied enough for the two of us. What next?"

"Now the shave." Reeves sprayed his fingers with a gel foam and worked it into her cunt flesh to the point where Anita began to whimper again. Then to her annoyance, he stopped. Pulling the ever versatile stool between her outspread thighs, he sat down and began to shave her cunt lips. Anita looked down with considerable interest as he went through man's daily ritual on her private parts. Reeves was almost done when he had her stand and bend over the sink. Mystified, Anita complied, and was surprised when he began to shave around her asshole. She hadn't even been aware there was hair back there!

When Reeves had finished she turned back to him as he removed the blade from his razor. Expecting another fuck, she was again surprised to see him put a new blade in the razor, and tell her to "Hop back up there." Reapplying a very thin layer of foam, Reeves proceeded to polish his work, completely removing any stubble left from the first shave. For all the silliness of the encounter, she noticed that her barber was concentrating closely on his job, and she shuddered to think of what a mistake might bring. Finally, Reeves sat upright and began to wipe her pudenda with a hand towel, removing any traces of foam or cut hairs.

"Voila!", he pronounced.

"Wow!", she said, staring down between her tits to her cunt. It was now as bald as Reeves' head, but much softer, and puffy and moist with desire. "Now that's what I call bikini clean!", she exclaimed.

"And now, more lubrication." Reeves lifted Anita's legs so that they sat on his shoulders and leaned in again. He disdained any foreplay, simply bringing his lips on a beeline to her clitoris, and began to lick and suck the prominent bud protruding from the bare lips. At the first touch of his tongue Anita went into orbit, shrieking with pleasure as she grabbed his head and held him in place. Reeves did not disappoint, as he licked the bright red nubbin to three increasingly strong comes.

Finally, he relented, as Anita sagged back against the vanity mirror, soaked in sweat and pussy juices. Standing, he worked a few kinks out of his back. Helping Anita off the counter, he led her back to the bedroom and to the bed. Anita began to stroke his eager cock as he turned down the sheets, then climbed in with him.

"I'll just have to train John right.", she told Reeves, as he moved to enter her.
Chapter 34
Home - Top   Feedback to author


Home « rlfj's Page « The Storm Index « Previous - Settings
Chapter 34
Posted: April 05, 2004 - 12:53:23 am

Cory and Laurie shuffled down the hall towards the Jensons' bedroom. Laurie had finally removed the anal vibrator that she and her sister had been sharing, then washed it. She was carrying it in her hand, anxiously waiting for the real thing to get stuffed into her tingling asshole. Cory knocked on the master bedroom door, then opened it and ushered in her sister.

Caroline and Malcolm were laying on their backs on the oversized bed, breathing heavily. It was obvious what had been going on; a heavy trickle of jism flowed from their hostess' puffy cunt. Malcolm had just finished giving his wife a hard and fast fuck, forgetting completely his promise to screw the two teens in the ass. He looked up in surprise, then said, "Hi girls, what's up?"

Laurie answered, "Don't you remember? You were going to teach us about buttfucking?"

Caroline looked over at her husband in surprise and said, "Really dear, did you forget something? You should have told me, I wouldn't have let you come in my pussy if I'd known."

Cory said, "Uh, it's okay, we can do this some other time, if you'd prefer." She had a dejected look on her face which Malcolm and Caroline promptly noticed.

"Nonsense.", replied Caroline, shaking her head. "Come on in. We'll simply have to get Malcolm stiff again, then we'll be happy to teach you."

"Please, it won't be a problem.", agreed Malcolm, shifting around and laying back with his head and chest on the pillows. "I love to assfuck beautiful young girls. Come on in and join us. I gather you enjoyed the anal vibrator today?" The girls fairly gushed with excitement as they described the many orgasms they had enjoyed.

Caroline shifted around as well, so that she and Malcolm were reclining with their backs up on the headboard of the bed. She spread her legs apart and Malcolm did the same. "First things first, girls. Why don't you see if you can't clean up the mess my husband made. That should get things in the mood."

Cory grinned at her sister and hopped on the bed at Malcolm's feet. Laurie sat down next to Caroline and smiled. "Doctor Jenson, how sloppy!", she chided jokingly. Lowering her face, she extended her tongue and began licking the come seeping from Caroline's pussy. Caroline sighed and spread her thighs wider, giving the horny teen complete access.

"Just say when, Doc.", said Cory. She knelt and bent down, sucking Malcolm's limp and sticky cock into her mouth. She rolled the pliant flesh between her lips, tonguing beneath his foreskin while she sucked and swallowed the final traces of jism from his cockhead. Slowly he began to lengthen, filling her mouth pleasantly. She began bobbing her head and pumping his shaft slowly.

Caroline's hands were roaming through the auburn tresses of Laurie as she murmured in contentment. The young girl had learned her lessons well from Phoebe. Caroline twitched in orgasm once, then lay back as Laurie moved around. In her new position, she could lap at her hostess' clit while watching Cory facefuck Malcolm.

Cory was doing an entirely too good job on Malcolm. He began moaning, "Yes, yes!", in a low voice, bucking his hips as if he was about to explode in her mouth. Laurie sat up and tapped Caroline, pointing over at the other pair.

Caroline understood immediately. Sitting up, she reached over and pulled Cory away from her husband's crotch. Malcolm groaned as his cock waved wetly, a steady pulse of precome trickling from his cockhead. "So close.", he protested.

"Remember why the girls are here, honey?", she asked.

"Oh, hell.", he complained with a smile. "It's tough to remember you're supposed to be draining the swamp when you're up to your ass in alligators."

The girls giggled, and Laurie asked, "Who's first?"

"Me, me!", cried her sister. Cory got on all fours with her ass pointed at Malcolm, then looked back over her shoulder. "So, what do I do?"

Malcolm laughed. "Nothing yet, we have to get ready." The girls gave each other a confused look, and Laurie shrugged her shoulders at her sister." They watched as Malcolm pulled a drawer open and pulled out a small tube of ointment. "First off, you two need to be lubricated, oiled up, so to speak. That will make things go much more smoothly." He showed them the tube of KY. "Now this is KY ointment. It's a harmless, tasteless, water-based gel. You can also use Vaseline, but that can get pretty greasy. Also, you can use this stuff on the front side, if the fellow is extra big, or if you aren't juicy enough. Okay?"

The girls nodded and Malcolm continued. "First, put a dollop of the jelly on your asshole. Then put some more on your fingertip and start working it in." As he said this, he squirted a small bit all around Cory's pink ring, then put some more on his middle finger. He handed the tube to his wife, who motioned Laurie to get in position, then repeated the process. "Rather than just plow right in, it's usually best to work up to it, with a finger or two." Malcolm's greasy middle finger slipped inside Cory's aroused rectum to the first knuckle, then stopped. "Like that."

Cory gasped as Malcolm's digit moved gently inside her. "Oh, God! More, more!" Laurie simply closed her eyes blissfully.

"The real secret is simply to take things slow and let your ass relax and accept things.", remarked Caroline, shoving her finger in to the second knuckle. "I love to assfuck, but if the fellow rushes it, he can tear you apart, and it won't be any fun at all!" She began fucking her finger in and out of Laurie's ass, twisting and turning it as she went. Malcolm followed suit, and the twins luxuriated in the obscene pleasure.

Malcolm squeezed a little more KY on his fingers and slipped a second finger inside Cory, along with the first. Cory gasped as she felt her asshole spread wide, but the initial sting soon was replaced with the warmth of an impending orgasm. Laurie never felt any discomfort from Caroline's slimmer fingers, and began humping back, even after a third finger joined the other two.

Malcolm slid a third finger inside Cory, then kept them there as he knelt behind her. His wife positioned his cock in the crack of the teen's ass, then as Malcolm yanked his fingers out, slipped his cockhead into her butt before it could close up. Cory let out a small "Ooof" as she felt her asshole invaded by the new intruder, but gamely get going.

Malcolm continued the instruction. "After the head is in, simply rest up a moment. Let your asshole widen on it's own. Don't force things." He leaned forward slightly, allowing an inch to go inside. Cory's eyes widened, but she began to enjoy the strange sensations pulsing through her body. "After this, when I do Laurie, we'll teach you a position that will allow you the control, not the guy."

He stuffed another inch in, and Cory reveled in the pleasure. She pushed back as Malcolm pushed in and moaned as his cock slid inside her to the hilt. "Sweet Jesus, but that is so fucking good!", she cried out. "Oh fuck my ass, fuck my ass!", she demanded.

Laurie stared at her sister's delirious pleasure. She was still kneeling with Caroline's fingers up her own ass. Cory, however, had her face down in the pillow with her ass perched high in the air. Cory was bucking back as fast as Malcolm could move forward, so that his cock was making long and rapid strokes in and out of her butt. Brown juice was pumping from her sister's ass as Malcolm literally fucked the shit out of her. Malcolm's face was flushed and his breathing became hoarse, then he collapsed on top of the young girl, his hips churning as he weakly cried out, "I'm coming, I'm coming!" Cory cried out as she felt the hot jism pulsing into her ass, her butthole throbbing in time with Malcolm's twitching dick.

Laurie came herself as she watched her sister orgasm. "God, that looked so kinky!", she exclaimed. "When can I do that?"

Malcolm looked over at the twin and smiled weakly. "Well, give me a minute, will you?"

He disengaged from Cory, then helped her to the bathroom. Once inside, he pointed the girl to the toilet, and she gratefully sat down, voiding her bowels of the come enema she had just received. Curiously, she washed as Malcolm ran water in the sink and thoroughly washed his cock off with soap. "The asshole was never really designed with a cock in mind, sweetheart.", he told her. "You have to be very careful, and very, very clean. You can't simply pull out and stuff it someplace else. It's just not healthy." The girl's eyes opened wide as she nodded her understanding. Wiping herself clean, she stood and took Malcolm's hand as he led her back to the bedroom.

"Is it my turn now?", asked Laurie. She eyed Malcolm's limp dick dangling between his thighs, but kept her disappointment to herself. Caroline had spent the time while the others were in the bathroom licking her guest's pussy.

Malcolm shrugged. "Um, Caroline, we've got all night to teach these two, and I seem to be out of shape at the moment. Why don't you teach these two about enemas."

Caroline shrugged pleasantly. "Sure. Come on girls." She led the two to the bathroom while Malcolm yanked the sheets off the bed and remade it. A lot of bedclothes were washed in this house, he thought to himself.

In the bathroom, Caroline prepared an enema bag and proceeded to use it on Laurie. Once the bag was emptied into the girl, she scrambled for the toilet, practically exploding as she emptied out. She stayed in place for several minutes before cleaning up, then led the way back to the bedroom. She was pleasantly surprised to find that while Malcolm's dick was still dangling between his legs, it was filling rapidly and slowly starting to rise. He had spread a sheet out over an armchair and sat down in it as his cock fully inflated.

Caroline lubed up Laurie's asshole again, then positioned her in front of her husband, facing away from him. "Now, if it's the first time you've ever assfucked a guy, and you want to be in control, then you fuck him, not the other way around. You be the one on top." She had Laurie straddle Malcolm and lower herself down while aiming his cock upwards. Malcolm spread her asscheeks so that her pulsing anus was directly over his cockhead, then inserted the tip as it lowered onto him. "Now, as you get comfortable, drop down slowly."

Surprising the others, Laurie let her weight off her hands on the arms of the chair and smoothly and rapidly sank down until Malcolm was buried. "God, that feels so damn good! I am going to have to do this again!", she exclaimed as she squirmed around on Malcolm's lap, his cock twisting up her ass. She began bouncing on her host's dick as he groaned happily. Within a matter of minutes she was bouncing madly while rubbing her clit, and Malcolm, despite his earlier fucks, began spraying her entrails with his come.

"Oh my God, this feels so good!", exclaimed Laurie.

"I told you so, didn't I!", agreed her sister.

"Want some more?", asked Caroline.

"Hmmm?", asked the teen, looking back over her shoulder at her hostess. She found the older woman waving a double-headed dildo in her direction and her eyes widened dramatically. "Uh, sure, I guess.", she replied nervously.

Malcolm was in no hurry to come, so he reached around Laurie and began to fondle her clit and nipples, causing the orgasming teen to whimper as she came. He smiled at his wife as he drove the girl on his cock to come repeatedly.

Caroline applied some more KY to one head of the dildo. "Now, kneel on the bed.", she directed Cory, who climbed onto the bed facing her sister and Malcolm. Caroline slipped onto the bed behind her and placed the greasy dildo at the teen's rectum. "Don't move." Caroline slowly but firmly pushed the fake cock into Cory's asshole. Cory's eyes fluttered blissfully and she sagged forward onto the bedspread, murmuring contentedly.

Caroline twisted the dildo slightly and moved it around in Cory's butt, eliciting a large grin from the supine girl, then she straddled the young woman's thighs from behind. Cory looked back over her shoulder to watch what was happening, but really couldn't see how Caroline lined the second end of the double dong up with her own pussy and slid down on it, burying it in her cunt.

The foursome fucked in this fashion until Malcolm couldn't take it anymore. Grunting, he pulled Laurie down on his lap hard and his twitching cock filled her ass with his hot jism. The teen gasped as she orgasmed again, then weakly climbed off his lap, his come running down the crack of her ass. Caroline carefully climbed off Cory and pulled the double dong from her partner's rear. The four went into the bathroom to clean up in a four-way shower.

Malcolm invited the girls to stay the night with them, and they agreed. As they crawled into the giant bed, Laurie said, "That was so fucking cool! It felt so good! Know what I want to do next?"

"What?", asked her sister.

"I want a cock in my pussy and another one in my ass. I bet I'll come so damn hard!"

"We'll see what we can do for you.", answered Caroline.
Chapter 35
Home - Top   Feedback to author


Home « rlfj's Page « The Storm Index « Previous - Settings
Chapter 35
Posted: April 09, 2004 - 08:16:29 am

John lounged on the bed, flipping channels between CNN and the Weather Channel. He knew that Anita was up to something, but didn't know what. Certainly the gleam in her eyes earlier had been interesting. He still wore his slacks and his shirt was open, although he had kicked off his shoes and peeled off his socks. A tap on the door focused his attention away from the television. "Door's open.", he called out.

The door popped open and Phoebe stepped inside. She had changed into a short and opaque robe, but was still wearing the ankle strapped high heels she had worn while serving dinner. "Can I come in?", she asked.

"Sure. What's up?"

Phoebe shut the door behind her and came over to the bed, sitting down on it and twisting around to face the houseguest. "Well, I figured you were all by yourself tonight, and I was wondering if you might like some company."

John sidled over on the bed to make room for the busty little cook. "Please, make yourself comfortable."

"Thank you." Phoebe loosened the belt to her robe and pulled it off. Underneath she was wearing a small baby-doll nightgown, with a loose cropped top held together by a single tie, and matching panties that were crotchless.

John smiled as he took in her appearance. "So, where is everybody?", he asked.

"Hmm, well, Jeanine and Tony are in their room, practicing for their honeymoon..."

"They're engaged?", asked John, startled.

"Oh, yeah, they're getting married this summer.", said Phoebe. She reached over and pulled John's shirt off and tossed it aside. "Now, let's see, where was I... oh, yeah! The Jensons are playing host and hostess to the twins..."

"God, what are those two up to now?"

"Anal Sex 101.", she replied. John began sputtering, to which Phoebe said, "Hey, you asked." She unzipped John's pants, and he flipped the remote off and placed it on the nightstand, then pulled his slacks off. His cock waved gloriously erect. "And your wife is up to something with Reeves."

"What?" John reached out and caressed a large breast through the miniscule top.

Phoebe waved a finger at him in admonition. "No, no, no! That would be telling. Trust me, I'm sure she'll find it both decadent and delightful. Jealous?"

"I think if I was going to be jealous, I would have done that earlier this week.", he answered. John cupped both breasts and began fondling the young woman's nipples.

Phoebe sighed contentedly and began gently stroking his cock. "Mmmm, maybe so. So, anyway, I thought, since you're all alone, and I was all alone, why not come up and see if we could be not so alone." She moved alongside him and straddled his waist. Raising up on her knees, she reached down and opened the crotch of her panties, exposing her moist and hot pussy lips.

John aimed his cock upwards and held it in place as the girl sank backwards onto him. "Good idea!"

Phoebe moaned in quiet contentment as the houseguest's oversized cock stretched her cunt pleasantly. She smiled as she moved over him, her pussy spasming as she orgasmed. "That is so very, very nice.", she purred.

John guided the young cook's hips as she moved atop him. He was almost biting his lip trying to keep from coming himself. Slowing her hip motions, he reached up to cup and fondle her abundant titflesh, but this was the wrong move. Phoebe gasped and began shaking, bouncing on the cock trapped inside her, and forced John over the edge. Back arching, he groaned and spewed his jism upwards into her pulsing channel.

Phoebe collapsed onto his chest and moaned. "Oh God that was good!", she whispered, then rolled to his side.

John's chest was heaving with his exertion, but he grunted out his agreement. He wrapped an arm around the curvy cook's shoulders and she snuggled up against his side. "Can I ask you something?"

Phoebe shrugged and looked up at him. "Sure. What?"

"How long have you been working for the Jensons? I mean, you can't be all that old..."

She giggled. "Is that a question of how I got to be so good in the kitchen or so good everywhere else?"

John snorted with laughter. "The kitchen. I think it's a safer answer."

Phoebe laughed and grabbed his sticky and limp prick. "Maybe, maybe not." She tugged gently on it, then said, "Well, actually, I've been working around restaurants all my life. My parents own a diner in Saratoga, and I was always working in the kitchen, even as a little girl." John nodded in understanding. "As for the other thing? Well, let's just say that once I figured out you guys could do more than write your names in the snow with these..." She wiggled his cock again. "... I was hooked!"

"So the Jensons fit both parts of your life?"

Phoebe scotched lower on the bed and began licking John's organ back to life. "Um, hmmm." She sucked his cockhead briefly, then continued, "My father, he was always throwing his weight around in the kitchen at the diner. I was the best cook there, and he wouldn't give me two cents worth of credit. 'All the great chefs are men!' he would say. He was such a jerk! And then he discovered his little girl wasn't so little after all."

"What?! You mean, he...", spluttered John. Phoebe's father had molested her?!

The cook looked at him curiously. "What? No! Nothing like that. He simply walked in on me and my boyfriend going at it hot and heavy one afternoon. He kicked the shit out of my boyfriend and threw me out of the house. Luckily I had already met the Jensons and they asked me if I wanted to be their cook." She went back to sucking his cock to life.

"And the rest of it?"

Phoebe giggled. His cock was stiff enough to fist now, and she looked back up at him. "That's sort of like a bonus, isn't it." She knelt next to him on the bed and continued jacking his cockshaft. "I'm not really tired yet. What about you?"

"Not really.", he replied with a smile. "Get back up on top.", he asked. Phoebe moved to straddle his legs again, but he stopped her. "No, the other way, facing away from me. I want to watch that gorgeous ass of yours."

"Oooh, flattery will get you everywhere!" Phoebe moved to comply, and John grinned as she lowered herself onto him. He aimed his cock upright at her come filled cunt and sighed as she sank down onto him.

Any urgency had been reduced by their earlier fuck, so John contented himself with guiding the young cook as she bounced on his trapped prick. Then as he spied her little brown asshole winking at him, he slipped a thumb down the crack of her ass and teased it gently. The effect was electrifying!

"Yes, yes, do it, do it!", demanded Phoebe, gyrating on his cock. John slipped his thumb into the rubbery brown ring and began twisting it around. "More, more!" John reached down between them and wetted his other thumb with the pussy juice pouring down onto his cock. The second thumb slid easily into her asshole alongside the first.

Phoebe bounced on John's cock for several minutes more, as he continued to manipulate her butthole and come closer to coming. He was surprised when she lifted off his cock and looked over her shoulder at him. "Put it in my ass!", she begged.

"What?"

"Please, put your dick up my ass! I want you to assfuck me! Please!?", she whined.

John grinned back at her and grabbed his cock firmly, then aimed it at her asshole as she lowered herself down onto it. At first it didn't seem it would go in, then it popped in suddenly and Phoebe sank back onto it. Without any lubrication but the come that had been in her cunt, it seemed impossibly tight and hot. The young girl liked it that way, though, because she began moaning as she shook in orgasm. John's spewing come almost lifted her off as it blasted into her bowels. When she finally sagged down onto the sheets in exhaustion, they both fell asleep without even taking a shower. "I think we need a shower.", she said as she crawled off her lover's sprawled form. Phoebe took John by the hand and led him to the bathroom.
Chapter 36
Home - Top   Feedback to author



Home « rlfj's Page « The Storm Index « Previous - Settings
Chapter 36
Posted: April 12, 2004 - 11:05:52 pm

Anita swung her feet from the bed and sat up. She was alone, so Reeves must have gone about his duties without bothering to wake her. She didn't mind; he had given her a truly royal fucking last night. She slipped into the bathroom and looked in the mirror. She looked like she had been royally fucked! Her nipples were puffy and her tits show small bite marks from where he had chewed on them. Her hair was wildly disheveled and dried come covered her cunt and belly. She sighed contentedly and turned away, to take a quick shower and dress enough to go back to her room.

Drying off, she debated putting the entire ensemble on again, for the short trip down the hall. A wicked gleam filled her eyes as she picked up the long black boots. Sitting down, she unzipped them fully and slipped her feet into them, then zipped them back up. She then stood and pulled on the black vinyl jacket and did up the snaps. The bottom of the jacket came down to just below her bald pussy, although it didn't completely cover the cheeks of her ass. More than ever, the jacket seemed to cup her tits, thrusting them up and out, practically exposing her nipples to the world. She left the skirt to be picked up later and sauntered out.

John was just stirring awake as his wife crept in the room. Phoebe had left him alone to get some rest. Groaning and stretching, he sat up, his legs and crotch still covered with the sheets, and rubbed the sleep from his eyes. He looked around to find his wife smiling coyly, leaning against the dresser. She wasn't wearing much, just those outrageous boots and the jacket from the previous night.

"Morning, honey.", she said. "Sleep well?"

"Uh, yeah, fine. You?"

"I didn't sleep very much at all." Anita moved slightly, moving her feet apart about a foot and turning slightly to face him.

Her husband rubbed his face, waking up fully. He looked over at her, taking in that she was exposing herself completely, her tits barely contained by the low cut jacket and her pussy was displayed totally. Something this morning was different, though. He squinted briefly, then his eyes opened wide and he looked up at her.

"A little different, eh, dear. You like my new look?", she asked.

"Interesting, very interesting!", he said with a grin.

"Maybe you'd like a closer look?"

John scrambled out of bed and practically ran over to his wife, sinking to his knees in front of her. John stared intently at his wife's bald and puffy cunt, obviously well fucked the night before, then looked up at her and grinned. "Yum, yum! Breakfast time!" He buried his face between her legs and began eating her gash.

Anita gasped at her husband's sudden assault on her cunt. Spreading her legs, she sagged back against the dresser and began running her hands through his hair as he furiously licked and sucked at her clit and cunt. He took her through two lengthy orgasms before she weakly pulled him away from her crotch. "Oh, God, John, that was so intense! Give a girl a break, why don't you."

"Fuck that, let's go to bed and I'll eat your pussy some more." He was grinning maniacally up at her, his face covered with a sheen of pussy juice. He stood up, his cock stiff and red, the veins throbbing along its length, and pulled her by the hand to the bed. "Take off your jacket so I can watch your tits jiggle.", he ordered.

The half-dazed woman complied, unsnapping the jacket and peeling it off as her husband hopped onto the bed and sprawled out. "Sit on my face!", he demanded. Anita awkwardly climbed into position, the stiff vinyl of the boots working against her, and straddled her husband's head, facing towards his cock. John eagerly reached up and pulled her pussy against his face and Anita felt his lips moving on her flowing cunt as she bent down to give her love head. John was immensely excited by his wife's bald cunt and blew off into her mouth while she was coming herself.

Anita twisted away from John, sitting up straight-legged as she licked the come from her lips. "I have got to take these off, John." She began unzipping the boots and stripping them off. "They may look great to you, and they're comfortable enough when I'm standing, but they don't bend well at all!"

John began massaging Anita's calves idly, and Anita luxuriated in the feel of his hands. Her husband liked her shaved pussy more than she had ever dreamed, and she reached out to stroke his prick and fondle his nuts gently. She wasn't at all surprised when he quickly stiffened with the desire for another round. Lowering her face to his crotch, she was pleasantly surprised to find John twisting sideways on the bed and pushing his face back into her cunt. Their second sixty-nine of the day went as rapidly as the first, and left them happily depleted.

John crawled out of bed to take a shower and shave, and when he returned to the bedroom, Anita was snoring gently, exhausted by her endeavors. He dressed quietly, then pulled the covers over her, and went down to breakfast.
Chapter 37
Home - Top   Feedback to author


Home « rlfj's Page « The Storm Index « Previous - Settings
Chapter 37
Posted: April 17, 2004 - 01:00:45 am

"You are out of your fucking mind!", exclaimed Anita. She was standing with her hostess in Caroline's bedroom, wrapped in an oversized bathrobe and nothing else, and staring at the leather object in Caroline's hands. "Have you gone nuts?!"

Waking shortly before lunch, Anita had gone downstairs for soup and rolls, then had followed Caroline back to the master bedroom, expecting another afternoon lesbian session. Instead, she had been amazed as Caroline laid out the plan for the afternoon. Anita was to give in to her submissive side and allow herself to be used by the men in the house for the entire afternoon.

"You expect me to go along with getting gang raped?!"

"What rape? Come on, it's not like you haven't been getting it from every one of them already. Besides, I thought we already decided you enjoyed it when John got a little forceful with you. Rape, schmape."

Anita was stunned by the idea. "Jesus, Caroline, I don't know..."

"What's to know? It isn't like the guys are going to tie you to a bed and let some street gang have at you for the day. Oh, come on, you'll have fun. You'll be so fucked you won't be able to stand!", answered Caroline. She directed Anita to her bathroom, where Anita was confronted with an enema bag and a tube.

"This is going way too far, Caroline.", replied Anita, beginning to get worried.

"It's not like you haven't had an enema before. I know for a fact that they're standard operating procedure before delivering kids. We're just going to make sure you're squeaky clean, inside and out. By this evening, the only thing that's going to be in your asshole will be cocks and come." Caroline had her buxom guest stand in the shower and bend over. She gently inserted the plastic tip into Anita's rectum and opened the valve on the bag. Warm and soapy water flowed into Anita's bowels, instantly creating an intense desire to take an immediate dump. Caroline kept Anita in the shower for several minutes in this manner before relenting and removing the tube. Anita scrambled for the toilet as Caroline gave her some privacy.

Caroline came back into the bathroom several minutes later, to Anita's bemused observation, "Well, I can guarantee you I'm squeaky clean now!"

Caroline turned the shower on and held the door open. "After you!" Anita wiped her ass and flushed, then moved under the hot water. Caroline joined her and the pair took a long and luxuriously erotic shower together. By the time they finished, both were squeaky clean, and their knees were wobbling. They toweled off and put on thick terry cloth robes.

Anita sat down on Caroline's bed to watch her hostess searching through drawers seemingly filled to overflowing with erotic playtoys and lingerie. Finally Caroline announced, "Ah ha! Here it is!" She held up what appeared to be a brown leather mask of some kind.

"Here's what?"

"Well, what kind of a gang rape would it be if you could see who was gang raping you?" She unfolded the leather and shook it out.

To Anita it looked to be some kind of skull cap with leather patches over the eyes and a clasp at the rear. "What the hell is that? Are you nuts?"

Caroline put her hands on her hips and looked at Anita. "Will you trust me? I love bondage games. Malcolm isn't really into them, but I just adore them. This is going to be perfectly safe, trust me. Now first, what do you want your code word to be?"

"Huh?!"

"You need a code word, so that the other person knows if they've gone too far."

"What about simply, 'Stop, that hurts!'"

"Too obvious, nobody'll know if you mean it or are simply getting into it.", explained the tall brunette. "No, you want something that you won't be yelling out in the heat of passion. What's your favorite flower?"

"Chrysanthemums."

"Great. If something is going on you don't enjoy, just yell out 'chrysanthemum.' Okay?" Anita nodded and Caroline stepped in front of her and placed the leather mask on Anita's head. Anita found herself blinded as the close-fitting but comfortable cap was placed on her head. She tilted her head forward so that Caroline could tighten the clasp behind her head, locking it in place. She brought her hands up to find it snugly fitting, and adjusted it slightly.

"Now what?", she asked. She heard Caroline rummaging around in her closet.

"Put these on." Caroline thrust a pair of high heels into Anita's hands. Anita fumbled with them briefly, determining which was right and which was left, then slipped them on. Caroline knelt at her feet and adjusted the ankle straps. "Comfy?"

"Fine. What else?"

In response, Caroline put a small collar on Anita's neck. Anita held it in place, but failed to notice the sturdy D-ring at the clasp. "Almost done. Take off your robe and stand up."

Anita stood and slipped off the terry cloth and stood there, feeling incredibly stupid for going along with the plan. She was both startled and incredibly excited when Caroline came up behind her to slip leather padded handcuffs on her wrists from behind. Her breathing deepened as her pussy began moistening, then she heard a click as Caroline's hands moved under her chin. "Caroline, what did you just do?"

Caroline smirked, saying, "I just put your leash on. God you look so hot! I ought to just keep you up here as my slave."

Anita squirmed in anticipation. "Does anybody know what's going on?"

"Of course! They're all downstairs in the living room, waiting for their afternoon's entertainment." She tugged lightly on the leash, causing Anita to stumble once before catching herself. "Come on, now, you don't want to disappoint your audience, do you?!" The last words Caroline said were, "Remember, chrysanthemum."

Anita dumbly followed along, nervous about what her husband would say. Caroline whispered to her the directions they were to go, and when they came to the stairs, firmly held her by the elbow, guiding her down the staircase. She was given a moment to straighten and compose herself, then was led into the Great Room at the end of a leash. A collective gasp greeted her as she sensed that she had turned a corner and come into view.

"Outstanding!" and "Holy shit!" were only a few of the acknowledgements she received, along with several wolf whistles. She also was amused to note that Caroline seemed to get just as many compliments on her 'marvelous work' preparing Anita.

The festivities started when Anita felt a pair of large and strong hands on her shoulders, forcing her to her knees. Kneeling, she felt an immense cock slapping her in the face, so she opened her mouth and it was fed to her. She had enough experience with the men in the group to recognize the dick she was anxiously sucking was her husband's. His hands grasped her masked head and he began thrusting savagely into her mouth, coming only seconds later. As soon as he had finished coming, he withdrew and she sensed another man taking his place. An uncircumcised prick forced it's way between her lips, and she began facefucking her host, Malcolm. He was quite excited as well, and she found herself swallowing his come shortly, as well.

After that, the afternoon became a blur of orgasms for Anita. Her third blowjob was delivered to Tony as he sat on a chair, while another man knelt behind her and began fucking her. At the first thrust into her sopping wet cunt, Anita screamed in orgasm around the huge cock in her mouth. She continued coming as both men had her, humping back at her unseen lover while trying to caress him with her cuffed hands while Tony spewed down her throat. Tony's place was taken by a woman with a shaved cunt, either Caroline or Phoebe, and Anita licked clit for all she was worth while being fucked from behind by one of the men who had revived.

Anita was kept on her knees, taking it from the rear while giving head to men and women, for several more orgasms. The next person to fuck her slipped his cock into her pussy to lubricate it, then pulled out and stuffed it up her empty rear. Anita again began crying out as she came repeatedly, but firm feminine hands kept her licking the furry muff she had been presented with. While she hadn't been with Jeanine before, the maid's twat was very juicy.

Jeanine came and stood, and another woman took her place. Anita dove back in, only to discover that this woman also had hair on her cunt! Anita's mind began to whirl! Both Phoebe and Caroline shaved their pussies; This second hairy cunt had to be one of her daughter's! Or was the first one of her daughter's as well? Her protests were muffled by the cunt she was chewing and eating out, although she could hear teenaged giggling from above her and to her side.

The men were relentless in their attack on her. When her knees began to protest, she collapsed onto her side and found herself rolled onto her back, then pinned down as someone climbed on top and began to screw her roughly. When she opened her mouth to gasp, a cock was forced into her throat. Later, senses reeling and her energy almost gone, she found herself pulled onto a reclining man, who spread her legs and pushed her hips lower so that she was fucking him from above. A second man knelt behind her and pried her asshole open, then stuffed his oversized cock inside, to double fuck her. All around her, she could hear the other women, her daughters included, licking and stroking cocks to stiffness in preparation to fuck her.

Hours later, stiff and sore, she mumbled the word "Chrysanthemum!" As if a switch had been closed, she was left alone for a second, then felt herself lifted in a man's arms. She sensed through her exhaustion that she was carried upstairs and placed on a bed, then felt the cuffs and collar and mask gently removed. The heels had come off sometime during the late afternoon. Finally covered with a quilt, she was left alone to sleep the exhausted sleep of the well and truly fucked.

It had been a long and raucous afternoon. After dinner, everyone went to bed early, mostly alone or with their spouses.
Chapter 38
Home - Top   Feedback to author


Home « rlfj's Page « The Storm Index « Previous - Settings
Chapter 38
Posted: April 18, 2004 - 12:17:44 am

Anita woke to a tapping on the door and found herself with her husband's arms wrapped around her. She sat up, the covers spilling to her waist, and looked around the room. John slept on, snoring lightly, and she silently slipped from the bed and went to the door. She cracked it open to discover Malcolm standing there, smiling.

"Hello, pretty lady, sleep well?", he asked.

Anita blushed. "Just fine. What are you up to?", she asked. She stepped out into the hallway naked and closed the door behind her. She looked at her host quizzically.

"Don't you remember? I'm taking the two of you over to Glens Falls to pick up your Jeep. Are you up to it?"

"Well, sure, why wouldn't I be?"

It was Malcolm's turn to blush. "Well, I mean, after yesterday... Are you okay?" Anita turned beet red but nodded with a smile. "Good, good. I was actually kind of worried when Caroline proposed the idea; she can get a bit extreme at times. You are feeling okay?"

Anita wrapped her arms around the older man and hugged him. Malcolm hugged her back. "I'm just fine." She stepped back and eyed Malcolm appreciatively, feeling a surge of horniness sweep over her body. Sidling up to him again, she began pressing her abundant breasts into his chest, while cupping his cock and balls through his pants. "Actually, Malcolm, I have never been so well fucked in my life! Just thinking about it now makes me just so damn horny, I could explode!"

Malcolm's eyes opened wide and he grinned down at the short redhead. "Really?! Well, I'd be a poor host if I let a lady's needs go untended. Can you think of anything I might do to help?"

Anita gave a sly smile. She stepped back and turned around, then bent at the waist and grabbed her knees. She spread her legs apart and looked back over her shoulder. "Maybe, Malcolm, if something comes to mind."

Malcolm chuckled and fumbled his pants open. His uncircumcised cock was gloriously erect as he exposed it and moved forward. Neither needed any foreplay, and Anita was practically dripping with desire as he placed his cockhead in her shaved slit. A single sturdy thrust buried him balls deep in her hot and wet pussy.

"Fuck me, Malcolm, fuck me!", cried Anita, taking it from behind. "God, that feels good!", she exclaimed. "Come in my pussy, Malcolm!"

Malcolm continued thrusting, feeling the excitement building in his balls. As he neared his climax, he began grunting, groaning out, "Take it, take it!" He staggered against her ass as his come began spurting into the bent over woman.

Anita could feel Malcolm's hot jism spraying the walls of her cunt, cooling her overheated twat. She leaned forward, placing her hands on the doorframe as she orgasmed, then stood up, allowing Malcolm's shrinking dick to slip wetly out of her. His slimy, white come trickled down her thighs as she turned and kissed him lightly. "That was very nice. I'll go wake up John and we'll get ready to go." Malcolm stuffed his wet cock back into his pants and zipped them up, then left as Anita went back into her room.

Anita headed directly for the bathroom, ignoring her snoozing husband. After a quick shower, she pulled on a pair of jeans and a flannel shirt, disdaining any underwear. She pulled on some socks and her sneakers, then grabbed a sweater and went back into the bedroom. John was still sleeping, curled up on his side. Grabbing the covers, she yanked them off the bed. "Wake up, sleepyhead!", she cried, slapping his bare ass.

John bolted upright, staring wildly around the room. "Wha... !"

Anita laughed at his discomfiture. "Come on, John, we have to go get my Jeep! Get up and get dressed."

"You bitch!", he cried. He made a wild grab for his wife, which she nimbly sidestepped, heading for the door.

"Out of the sack, lazy. I'm going down for breakfast."

John joined his wife at the dining room table fifteen minutes later. Phoebe, dressed in a transparent halter and a very small apron, served him scrambled eggs and toast, while the others dawdled over coffee. He wolfed down his breakfast, then Malcolm led him and Anita to the driveway, where Tony already had the Jenson's Jeep warmed up. Both Anita and John dozed most of the way.

Malcolm waited while the Andrews signed the paperwork, then left for home with Anita and John following. Anita was driving, and the two cars got separated at a stop light, but John waved Malcolm on. They had discussed the roads and Malcolm had provided a map. John took the opportunity alone with his wife to talk to her about what had occurred the previous afternoon. "How you doing, honey?"

"Fine, John. It was a bit different wasn't it?", she admitted. "Did you have fun?"

"Uh, yeah.", he said sheepishly. "You?"

"Oh, God!", she gushed. "I haven't come like that ever!", she glanced over at her husband. "No, I mean..."

John laughed. "It's okay, honey, don't sweat it. It was like you just couldn't get enough! As soon as a cock got stiff, there you were, blindfolded and handcuffed and fucking like a bunny! It was absolutely amazing. The four of us were hard pressed to keep going. The ladies just kept sucking us back to life so that we could get up again."

"Speaking of the ladies, whatever possessed you to let your daughters join in?", she asked.

"What are you talking about?", he asked innocently. "They stayed upstairs the entire time."

"Bullshit! I ate more than one fluffed muff yesterday, and don't you deny it! Christ, what do they think of me!" She shook her head. "Their mother the fuck slut, the boy toy..."

"The loving mother.", finished John. "They don't think any less of you than thy did before." He laughed, and said, "Did you know they've been listening to us screw at nights back home?" He grinned as Anita's head whipped around at him. "It's true! The soundproofing isn't as soundproof as we thought it was."

"Oh shit!"

"No kidding."

The remainder of the drive passed discussing Anita's gang rape. When they got to the Jenson's driveway, Anita began to pull in, then turned back onto the road. John gave her a curious look, but Anita waved it off. She continued down the deserted road another couple of miles, then pulled off to the side. She put the Jeep in 'Park', but left the motor running. Unbuckling her seatbelt, she turned towards him and said coyly, "John, you know how we go parking every once in a while? Well, we've made love in every car we've ever owned. Well, what do you think about christening my new Jeep?"

John shook his head and smiled. "Well, I can't say I was expecting to do it in the middle of the day, but I'm game if you are." He glanced around the front of the small Jeep, a pair of bucket seats separated by the elaborate shift and four-wheel-drive lever. "Where? Right here?"

"Uh, the back seat might work better.", admitted his horny wife. She climbed between the seats and waited expectantly for John to join her, removing her sweater while John moved back with her.

He laughed and opened the passenger side door. He moved around to the back door, and climbed in beside Anita. Unzipping his pants, he shoved them down to mid-thigh, displaying his obvious lack of shorts. Anita unbuttoned her shirt and tossed it aside, then lowered her face to John's crotch, shifting around in the cramped back seat as she did.

"Um, that's nice.", sighed her husband as her lips encircled his stiff cockhead. Anita gently stroked his organ as she applied suction to the engorged head. "Just like that.", he asked as he stroked her naked back and neck. "Oh, yeah, baby, do me."

Anita decided that her love deserved a nice blowjob, since he had bought her such a nice Jeep. Rather than strip down and climb on his lap to fuck him, she concentrated on sucking and jacking his dick. She pushed his pants lower, down below his knees, and spread his thighs wider. Then, while one hand fondled his cockshaft, the other moved lower, to cup his balls carefully and run a fingernail around his asshole.

"Oh, God, honey, that's good. Don't stop, don't stop!", pleaded John, bucking his hips upwards between Anita's lips. "That's so good! You're going to make me come in your mouth." He put pressure on his wife's head, forcing her mouth down lower onto his cock. "Oh, yeah, that's it, that's it.", he gasped, his balls spasming a huge load of pent-up jism upwards through his twitching dick. "Swallow me, Anita!", he cried.

Anita sucked and swallowed her husband's surging come, milking his cock dry, then sat upright and licked her lips. "As always, good to the last drop.", she quipped. "But what about me?", she whined pleasantly.

Sated for the time being, John shrugged. "Hey, babe, this thing ain't the Taj Mahal. I don't think we can bend enough to do it in here."

Anita smiled wickedly. "Darling, unless you want to walk back to the house without your clothes, you should be thinking of a different answer." She grabbed his pants and began to tug them off, resulting in a quick wrestling session which ended with her much larger husband pulling his pants back on.

"Okay, okay. You win.", said John with a smile. He looked around, then stepped back out into the brisk winter air. Reaching down by the side of the seat, he released a latch and let the split rear seat fold forward. "Scoot back."

Anita climbed into the tail of the Jeep, reclining onto the flipped-down seat, while John scampered around to the other side and opened the door. He lowered the other half and climbed inside, pulling the door shut as he did. Anita had removed her jeans by this time and was laying on her side in the nude. John took her in his arms and began nuzzling her neck, as she began moving her hands across his strong back.

"Oh, John, I love you.", she whimpered as he began probing the cleft between her thighs. John had left his jeans unzipped and his cock surged forth through the gap. He made no move to climb on top her, though, concentrating on getting her off first through foreplay. As Anita moaned and cried out, John focused on her ample tits and sopping cunt, sucking and fingering her to orgasm. He started by licking her big nipples while running a middle finger around her fat pussy lips, then slid a finger inside while rubbing his thumb over her clit. A second finger joined the first, pushing deep into her spasming twat, and Anita began shaking and thrashing around on the bed of the Jeep. "Fuck me, God, just fuck me!", begged the tormented slut. "Oh, please, John, just fuck me." John inhaled as much of one tit that he could fit in his mouth while he slid a third finger into his wife, and she began writhing uncontrollably.

Finally, his hand drenched, he eased Anita onto her back and pushed his pants down. Climbing between her quivering legs, he lowered himself into her slowly, delighting in the pulsing contractions her cunt was giving his cock. She was so turned on, her cunt juices were running down to her asshole. Anita began screaming, "Fuck me hard!", as she humped her ass off the cargo bed to meet his downward thrusts. John braced his feet against the tailgate of the small Jeep and began pounding into his wife. Her pussy walls rippled as he began spraying his come into her greedy and grasping cunt. "Yes, yes, yes!"

It was another five minutes before the two regained enough of their senses to pull apart and dress. Anita rolled the rear windows down to air out the car because it smelled like '... a whorehouse on Sunday morning!' They were grinning as they pulled into the driveway, and Anita blushed fiercely when Malcolm asked what had kept them.
Chapter 39
Home - Top   Feedback to author


Home « rlfj's Page « The Storm Index « Previous - Settings
Chapter 39
Posted: April 21, 2004 - 11:51:00 pm

Anita lounged in the parlor, half-lying on the couch as she read TIME magazine. Her husband's soft snores caused her to look up in amusement, watching him snooze on the floor, a newspaper thrown over his face. When they had returned to the Jenson's, they had made it in time for lunch, then had retired to the parlor to relax. John had decided to read the newspaper, but Anita wryly noted that his average weekend newspaper invariably resulted in a nap.

Anita still felt a tingle thinking about how John had balled the hell out of her in the back of the Jeep. Dressing, she had simply tied her blouse up under her breasts without buttoning it. John had missed the hint and gone to sleep anyway. Hearing a commotion in the hallway, she looked up to see her daughters noisily enter the room. "Sshh!", she whispered, pointing at the twin's sleeping father. "What are you two up to?"

Laurie looked nervously at Cory, then turned back to her mother. "Uh, well, we..."

"You.", corrected her sister.

"Yeah, uh, I've got something to ask, Mom."

Anita looked curiously at her daughter. "Go on."

"It's, well, uh, well, could you teach me how to give a blowjob?", asked the teen.

"What!?", demanded Anita. She stared at the girls incredulously. John snorted as if he were waking but seemed to settle down again, and Anita lowered her voice. "You want me to what?!"

Cory interjected as her sister tried to fumble out an answer. "Laurie has a hard time giving head, Mom, and since everybody says you give great blowjobs, they told us to ask you."

"Yeah, Mom, everybody says that anybody who can suck off Daddy knows everything about giving head!", exclaimed Laurie quietly.

Anita stared at her daughters in disbelief. While the acknowledgement of her oral abilities was extremely gratifying, the very concept that she should teach the twins how to suck cock was ludicrous! Or was it? Who better to teach them than a woman who routinely swallowed nine inches? "You have got to be kidding me, right?"

"No, Mom.", replied Laurie. Cory nodded her head in agreement.

"Christ on a crutch!", said Anita quietly. She thought about it a bit longer. "You're missing an important piece of equipment, girls."

"What?", asked Cory.

"A cock. Who did you have in mind? We'll have to find one of the guys."

The twins had apparently forgotten this essential item when they decided to ask their mother for help. Laurie looked at Cory and said, "Doctor Jenson?"

Cory shook her head in the negative. "He's upstairs doing Jeanine and Phoebe."

"Tony?"

"He and Reeves are doing Mrs. Jenson.", was the reply.

At the realization that all the other men in the household were occupied, the three women simultaneously turned their heads to look at John Andrews sleeping on the floor. Anita spoke up first, turning back to her daughters and saying, "You two are out of your fucking minds! You want me to teach you how to blow your own father?!"

Laurie looked at Cory, then shrugged her shoulders. "Why not? It's not like we have anybody else available."

"Yeah, Mom, if she can learn to handle Dad, she'll be able to do anyone.", said Cory.

"And that's supposed to make me feel better about it?" Despite herself, the conversation was starting to arouse Anita powerfully. She glanced over at her husband's muscular form and well filled trousers, her large nipples stiffening in her shirt. A wave of lust overcame her better judgment. "Oh, hell, it's not like we haven't committed every other depravity known to mankind this week already."

The twins gleefully jumped up and down and clapped their hands. "Now?", asked Laurie expectantly.

"It's what you two want, isn't it?", she asked conversationally. At their grins, she said, "Okay, you two, do as I say."

The girls nodded and Anita continued. Her hands went to the knot holding her blouse together and she began untying it. "Take your shirts off. When a guy comes, you might miss some and you won't want to get any on your clothing." She stripped off her blouse and stood up, to stand topless in front of the twins. "Besides, guys generally like to look at your tits, and it will make it easier to get them off that way."

Both girls had been wearing T-shirts and shorts, and they pulled the shirts over their heads and tossed them on the couch with their mother's blouse. Neither had been wearing bras, and their nipples were stiff and pointy on their firm young tits. "What next?", asked Cory.

"Well, now you need a cock to suck." Anita crept up to stand over John. "Cory, you get on the other side, and Laurie, you stay next to me." She knelt down by John's waist, and the girls followed her example. "Now, try not to wake him up, but start by undoing his belt and unzipping his pants." She started things off by gently unbuckling his belt, leaving it undone but still around his waist.

At Anita's signal, Cory gingerly undid the button at her father's waistband. John gave a few more snorts, but subsided when she removed her fingers. Then it was Laurie's turn. The sound of the zipper being lowered was impossibly loud in the quiet parlor, and John gave a few more snorts as he started coming awake.

Anita pressed an index finger to her lips, then reached out and spread her love's pants wide, exposing his limp cock to his daughters. She heard their intake of breath as they saw, for the first time up-close-and-personal, what their mother had been fucking all those years. The previous day, during the gang-rape, both had been impressed with it, but neither had gotten this close, or handled it, concentrating instead on each other and the other men in the room. Even soft it seemed overly large, and Laurie began wondering if this had been such a good idea after all.

"Now, the odds are, you won't be seeing a cock in this fashion very often.", whispered the redheaded mother. "Usually, by the time you get this far, he'll already be erect. But, sometimes, when I wake up before Daddy, if I'm feeling horny, I'll suck him until he's stiff enough to fuck. Watch.", she commanded quietly. Kneeling with her face at his crotch, she lifted the tip of his cock with her fingers, enough that she could place the soft and silky head between her lips. The girls watched, amazed, as their mother took the limp dick into her mouth and sucked it in its entirety.

That was enough to rouse John completely awake. Grunting, he swatted the newspaper away and stared down the length of his torso, not quite believing his eyes. His wife was sucking his cock, and his daughters, both topless, knelt on either side of him watching intently.

"Hi, Daddy.", said Cory brightly.

"What the hell is going on?!", he yelled.

"Mom's sucking your cock, Daddy?", explained Laurie, as if the answer was the most normal thing in the world. "How does it feel?"

John stared at the women, enjoying the sight of the three pairs of breasts bobbing gently on the three beautiful women. His dick grew in length as Anita's suction brought him awake, and his only response was, "Well, actually, pretty good, but what the hell is going on?"

Anita let his cock slip from her lips and sat upright, still fondling him. She twisted around to face him and said, "The girls asked me to show Laurie how to give head, and you were the only test subject available."

"And you said 'Yes'?!", he asked in disbelief.

Anita ignored his response and turned back to her daughters. "Girls, this is an object lesson in an important fact of life. Guys are born with a brain and a cock, but only enough blood to operate one or the other, never both at the same time." She ran her fingers along his cockshaft and elicited a groan of pleasure from John. "See what I mean?"

Cory giggled, and said, "Okay, Laurie, go to it."

Laurie looked startled and glanced at her mother. Her father's cock, now that it was stiff, seemed huge! She would never be able to put that in her mouth! "Uh..."

"Go ahead, dear, it won't bite.", replied Anita. Laurie lowered herself so that her face was at a level with John's twitching organ. "Now, just start out with the basics. Open your mouth and just take in the head, while you start stroking the shaft." Laurie moved her face forward and opened her jaws wide; the inflamed head slipped between her lips easily.

Anita smiled approvingly as John let out a soft moan. "Very good. Now, Cory, help me pull your father's pants off." They each took a leg and pulled them down his legs and off. Laurie continued jacking her father while his cockhead was in her mouth, breathing through her nose. "Now, spread his legs... good... now reach down and cup his balls, Cory... gently, gently... not every guy likes that. Some men are very, very sensitive, and it might hurt them. Your father isn't that bad, but under no circumstances should you squeeze a man's nuts any more than you are doing right now."

"Like this?", asked Cory.

"Easy, easy, be very gentle.", admonished her mother. "Just let them lay there in your palm and roll them around slightly. You can tickle his ass, if you want, but always be careful with his balls." She looked up at her husband's face. His eyes were half-closed and a blissful look suffused it. She turned her attention back to her other daughter. "Now, Laurie, start sucking the end, sort of like you're sucking on a really big straw."

Laurie closed her lips around the cockhead and began sucking on it. John moaned and his hips bucked involuntarily, forcing another inch between her lips. Her first reaction was to back off and gag, but she controlled it and allowed the extra inch to stay. She continued sucking.

"That's it. Now, keep jacking on him... try to get into a rhythm with your suction... if he starts bucking too hard, try to roll with it. Otherwise, simply let him slip in and out of your mouth, like it's your pussy and he's fucking it."

John groaned as his hips began moving slowly. Instinctively he brought a hand down to the back of Laurie's head, trying to push her lower.

Anita pulled his hand away before her daughter began gagging, and Laurie pulled back slightly, another inch between her lips. "No, John, stop it, let her do it.", she warned him, tempering her words with a smile.

By now, Laurie had five inches, almost half his cock, in her mouth, and she could taste his precome trickling out as she pumped and sucked on him. It tasted nice, better than some of the other jism she had sampled this week. John's immense cock fit easily in her mouth so far, and she moved forward slightly, taking another inch into her mouth, as she continued jacking her father's dick.

"All right, Laurie!", exclaimed her sister, looking up from where she was fondling her father's balls. "Do it, girl!"

"Don't force it. Let it come naturally.", warned Anita.

"So good, so good!", whimpered John, as his hips began bucking harder. Another inch slid into his daughter's mouth, and Laurie found herself forced to shift position slightly. His cock began sliding well back into her mouth, to the point where it began bumping against the back of her throat. She began to gag again, but was determined to work it out. Shifting more, she took a little more in, but the gag response diminished. She decided to keep going, and shifted around and pushed her face lower, and was astounded to feel her father's pubic hairs tickling her nose. Her eyes widened as she realized that she had done it! She was deep-throating a guy for the first time, and she wasn't gagging or trying to pull away!

"I'm coming, I'm coming!", cried her father weakly. Laurie began sucking in earnest while watching the balls in her sister's hands begin jerking about. He was so deep into her that his come went directly down her throat, and she pumped what little cock was outside to get as much as she could. Finally, his spasms stopped, and he sagged back into the carpet.

Laurie allowed him to slip from between her lips and knelt upright, a huge grin on her face. "I did it, I did it!", she cried. "I sucked him off!" She began crying from the sheer emotion of her accomplishment.

John opened his eyes to look down and see the three topless women hugging each other over his bare groin. "Oh, Christ!", he uttered incredulously.

Anita and Cory congratulated Laurie, who exuberantly informed them that she was going to suck off every other guy in the household that evening, one at a time. Both agreed to help her after dinner. John found this rather arousing, and felt his cock begin to stir to life.

Anita noticed the moving organ, and looked up at her husband with a smile. "Thanks, honey." She reached down and fondled his wetly stiffening prick.

"My pleasure.", he said wryly. "Mmmm.", he muttered as his wife manipulated him erect.

"Who's next?", she asked.

"Me, me!", cried Cory. "But I want it in my pussy! Fuck me, Daddy, fuck me!" She began pulling off her shorts, underneath which she was nude.

"Okay, but you'd better get on top.", warned Anita.

Cory straddled her father's waist, and Anita guided his cock up into the teen. Cory sank back onto the immense dick, moaning as she slid down the length, her clit rubbing against his shaft as he stretched her pussy wide.

"What about me?", whined her sister, good-naturedly.

"Take your shorts off and sit on Daddy's face.", answered a grinning Anita.
Chapter 40
Home - Top   Feedback to author


Home « rlfj's Page « The Storm Index « Previous - Settings
Chapter 40
Posted: April 24, 2004 - 02:18:47 pm

"So, John, can I guess that you've been having fun this week?", asked Malcolm lightly. The two men were sitting on the couch in the Great Room, shirts undone, pants pulled up but unzipped, and barefoot. The reasons for their disheveled appearance lay at their feet. Phoebe and Jeanine lay on the carpet wrapped up in each other, lightly dozing. Elsewhere in the house, the three Andrews women were similarly napping in each others arms, sated from their lesbian games, and Caroline was busy being double fucked by Tony and Reeves.

It was early evening, and dinner had been quite casual. The meal had been described as leftovers, cleaning the kitchen out before the Jensons and their servants traveled to Florida, but if these were leftovers, John wondered anew what the regular meals were like. Phoebe may have been young, but she was a superlative cook.

The dress had certainly been casual, at least by the standards Malcolm Jenson normally set. While both he and John had dressed for dinner in slacks, shirts, and sport coats, Caroline, Anita, and the girls had dressed decidedly more informally. They all had shoes on at least, high heels, but there any similarities ended. Both Anita and Caroline were wearing short skirts and blouses; the skirts were extremely short and the blouses were unbuttoned and tied beneath their breasts. The twins were wearing T-shirts. It was obvious that after dinner all four women were going to be fucking someone.

"Yeah, I guess you could say that.", admitted John, a wry grin on his face. "I mean, I just can't believe it. I've been doing stuff I never would have dreamed about before. Same for the girls. And really, more often than I could have imagined." He glanced down at his lap and smiled. "This thing hasn't worked like this since college."

"I know. It works better.", said Malcolm cryptically.

"Must be something in the water.", laughed John.

"Not precisely."

John looked over at his host curiously. "Huh?"

"I said, it's not in the water. It's something else.", replied Malcolm with a serious tone.

John's jaw dropped but no sound came out. He shook his head as if to clear it, then looked at Malcolm. "What are you talking about, Malcolm? Are you saying... what?"

"I'm saying that you're right, it isn't natural. It's beyond anything you've ever done before. Think back to when you were younger. Were you ever able to fuck a woman endlessly, to come and then get hard and come again, and again, and again? Even when you and Anita were newlyweds, did you ever screw six or seven times in a day, no matter how horny you were? You didn't. You couldn't! It wouldn't get hard fast enough, no matter how good it felt or how horny you were."

"And..."

Malcolm continued, "So, you're not a kid any more, John. You know that. You're smart. You know that as a man gets older the equipment takes longer to recharge. I'm almost ten years older than you; it should be even worse for me, but it isn't, is it?" John shook his head slowly, confused with the direction the conversation was going.

"So think it through. Think back to what you know about my former calling, what I did for a living. Remember? Genetic engineering."

"I don't understand.", John said.

"John, I was very good at what I did. I was doing work on some rather arcane peptides, not normally found together, but present in small quantities. I managed to synthesize some and tested it on some lab rats. I was hoping to see some results in longevity but didn't, but I did note one really odd thing. The rats became sexually hyperactive. Normally we kept them separated, but at one point I made a mistake and put a male and a female in the same cage and they went wild. Screwed each other nonstop."

"So, rats do that, that's why there are so many of them.", said John. He really was not liking the tone of the conversation.

"It was more than that, John. I tested it on some other animals, dogs, cats, other mammals. The compound was completely harmless, but did have a major side effect. It radically heightened the libidos of any animal which took it. Even more, it radically increased the ability of the animal to have relations. Any animal, John, any!"

"No, you don't mean... you!... You gave us this... this drug?!", asked an incredulous John Andrews

"Um, hmm. We all take it here. Caroline, me, the girls, Tony, Reeves - we all use it, to increase our abilities. It's really quite harmless, unless you think it's harmful to be able to make love to your wife for hours at a time. We've been doing it for years."

John was furious. "How could you?! Without telling us!? Drugging us?!"

"What would I have asked, John? Whether you wanted to be able to screw your wife five times a night? Make her dress so desirably that you would rape her on sight? Make her so horny that she would openly fondle you in front of your children? That you and she would be able to do things you had only dreamed about doing?", Malcolm answered calmly. "Tell me, logically, would you have believed me if I had told you I had a drug that was ten, a hundred times more effective than Viagra, with no ill effects, and that I was going to let you share in it?"

John stared at this. "What? Share? What are you talking about?"

"Share, John. It's what people do with their friends. Remember back in nursery school when you were taught to share with your friends? We share with our friends in this household."

"Wait a minute. Are you telling me that we can buy this drug for ourselves?"

"Buy? Never! But I would give you a supply, if you wanted it. Why? Because you're our friends. What other reason should there be?" As John calmed down, Malcolm went on to explain how effective the compound was, the size of the doses and the frequency which they could be applied in, the cumulative effects on both men and women, and how to care for and store the drug. By the time he was through, John's anger was gone, replaced with a sense of amazement.

"So, this stuff can just be poured into a drink and it will work? That's all there is to it?" John was stunned by what he was learning.

"Once a week, two drops per person, that's a full dose. That's what you guys got at the start of the week. A half dose simply increases your normal abilities markedly, and makes a woman very horny and suggestible about sex. I'll give you a small vial before you leave."

Phoebe opened her eyes and smiled up at them. Pulling free from Jeanine, she sat on the couch next to John, opposite her employer. "Are you angry with us?", she asked.

John shrugged. "It just seems unreal. This stuff really works? It can turn you into a sex fiend like this?"

Malcolm gave him a studious look and reverted to the scientist he was. "I don't know as sex fiend is quite the phrase I would use. Consider, the average number of sexual relations that married couples normally have is three to four a week."

John nodded in agreement. "Okay, I've heard that. I don't remember where, but I've heard that."

Malcolm continued. "Okay, so let's say the average is once every other day." John nodded. "However, some couples, those with a relatively high sexual drive would increase that to, say, every night?"

John agreed, saying, "Sure! That's about what Anita and I are normally."

"Right, but that's once every night. Now let's take things up another notch. Back when you were newlyweds, it was more like twice a day, and maybe more on weekends, right? You couldn't keep your hands off each other, right?" John nodded mutely, not quite understanding the line of discussion. "Fine! This compound brings you back up to that level, and beyond, on both your parts."

"But how?"

Malcolm shrugged. "I was never able to do a full set of studies, but I was able to determine a few things. For men, a major effect is to stimulate the production of seminal fluid in the prostate. This is the primary reason you can come so fast and so often. Another is to stimulate the return of blood to the penile sheath, similar to Viagra, but without the complications relating to blood pressure. In women the effect is slightly different. Vaginal lubrication is considerably augmented, as is the flow of blood to the vagina and clitoris. However, the primary effect with women is more psychological, increasing the desire for sex to an unprecedented level. Even in animals, females begin exhibiting sexual display behaviors, designed to entice males to copulate. With women, they dress more provocatively and act more aggressively to obtain sex."

Phoebe interjected with a laugh, "No woman on this stuff will ever have one of those types of headaches!"

John leaned back against the couch, stretching his legs out in front of him. He shrugged. "Is this stuff for real?", he asked incredulously.

Phoebe grinned at him from ear to ear. "Oh, baby, is it ever!"

"And you've tested it and all?", he pressed.

"Tested how?", she asked. "If you mean the guys, in action, well, let's just say the KY runs out before the guys do."

"And women?"

"You saw how your wife was the other day. We typically pass out from orgasmic overload. Believe me, we've all tried to wear the men out and it can't be done, and we never get enough either. This is great stuff!"

"And at lower dosages?"

Malcolm answered. "With men, you go back down to that newlywed level, twice a day and three times on weekends. Women move backwards to that level as well, but stay at an elevated level for sexual provocation and aggression."

"In other words, she'll still dress like a hooker in a bar, she just won't fuck the entire bar.", explained Phoebe with a laugh.

"What do I tell Anita and the girls?", asked John.

Malcolm shrugged. "That, my friend, is your problem, not mine. In the meantime, however, what say we wake up these two sleeping beauties and see if we can have a little more fun." The older man stood and stripped off his clothing, revealing an impressive erection. He knelt down next to Jeanine and ran a hand softly across her ass. Jeanine stirred and smiled up at him.

Phoebe lay her head in John's lap, opening her mouth and sucking his stiff cockhead inside. She began stroking him and sucking him while they both watched Malcolm and Jeanine.

Malcolm had woken the maid by slipping a hand down between her legs from behind and stroking her pussy lips with his fingers. As the girl moaned and woke up, he kept her in that position, stroking his fingers in and out of her until she was wet enough to fuck - it didn't take long. As John and Phoebe watched, she knelt and Malcolm slipped several throw pillows on the floor beneath her, then eased her back down so that her perfect bubble butt was lifted up. He then slipped between her widespread legs and inserted his cock into her pussy. He began thrusting as the girl squealed with delight and began humping her ass back at him.

John was finding the show very exciting and was getting close to popping his own cork. "Honey, I'm going to blow in your mouth if you don't stop." Phoebe kept sucking, and the show got wilder. Malcolm pulled his wet dick from Jeanine's grasping pussy and the guided it into her asshole. The blonde maid's eyes widened at the new intrusion, then closed blissfully as he began assfucking her, hard! Phoebe noticed his condition and reached down between John's outstretched legs and began to tickle his asshole. With a groan, John came, his spasming cock pumping come into the busty cook's hungry mouth.

"What about you?", he asked, as Phoebe gently played with his limp and wet prick.

In front of them, both Malcolm and Jeanine let out loud groans and collapsed onto the floor. It was obvious from the older man's twitching hips that he was coming up Jeanine's ass. Phoebe grinned and looked up at John. "Maybe later. I want to play some more with Jeanine. You guys watch and then we'll play some more."

John watched as Phoebe caressed Jeanine and the pair moved into a sixty-nine position, then made his excuses. "I think I need some sleep. This life is wearing me out!", he said with a laugh.

Malcolm smiled. "That's one of the side effects, to a certain extent. Sexual activity has long been known to release hormones which increase the need for sleep. On the plus side, somebody's always willing to join you for that nap."
Chapter 41
Home - Top   Feedback to author


Home « rlfj's Page « The Storm Index « Previous - Settings
Chapter 41
Posted: April 29, 2004 - 04:33:44 pm

John dressed and went up the stairs in the foyer, leaving the threesome behind. He wandered down the hall, wondering where his wife was, only to discover her and their daughters cuddled together naked on his and Anita's bed. He tapped Cory on the ass and said, "You two, out! I want to go to bed."

"Why can't we stay here?", asked Laurie. "We want to play some more." She reached out to try and undo her father's pants.

John deftly sidestepped his daughter and gave her a smack on the butt as well. "Go!", he said with a smile, pointing at the door.

"Maybe tomorrow, girls.", commented Anita. She climbed off the bed and shooed her daughters out and closed the door behind them. Turning to her husband she smiled and said, "I've been having an awfully good time this week, but I still prefer to sleep with my husband."

John came to her and wrapped his arms around her naked form. "I prefer to sleep with you, too. Especially when we don't sleep."

Anita pulled back. "First things first. We need to remake the bed, and then I need a shower. I feel kind of sticky."

"That simply means you're doing it right.", he commented.

Anita went around to the other side of the bed and directed her husband to help in straightening out the sheets and bedcovers. "Oh, yeah? Remember that night way back when, in the apartment after we got married, when we got sticky?"

"Oh Christ!", said John, half moaning and half laughing. Back when they had been newlyweds, before Anita had gotten pregnant, they had been living in an apartment, and she had brought a bottle of chocolate syrup to bed that night. They had squirted it all over each other and licked it off before fucking up a storm, but at the end of the night, when they went to the bathroom, they discovered the water in the apartment complex had gone out. It was out for almost twelve hours! They had been naked and sticky and miserable until the next day.

The bed fixed, Anita moved into the bathroom and opened the door to the shower. As she adjusted the water temperature, John stripped his clothing off and tossed it back into the bedroom. "Want some help washing your back?", he asked.

"Love it!" Anita stepped under the water and moved to the side, making room for her husband. He joined her and pulled the door shut. The pair moved together and wrapped their arms around each other. John quickly got stiff and his erection poked Anita in the belly. She purposefully ignored it. Stepping back, she handed him the bar of soap and turned away. "Now, do my back, like you said.", she teased.

John ran the soap across her back and down the crack of her ass, teasing her asshole with his fingertips before withdrawing them. He then turned her around and used the soap on her front. Her tits were very dirty and her pussy was positively filthy. He had to probe them until Anita shook and moaned as she came in his arms. Anita returned the favor by washing him thoroughly, then jerking him off, his come spraying across her belly only to be washed away.

Sated, even if only temporarily, they turned off the water and went back out into the bathroom. John surprised his wife by helping to dry her off, wrapping a large fluffy towel around her and rubbing her down, then standing behind her at the vanity watching while she dried her hair with the hair blower. He quickly toweled himself dry, then followed her into the bedroom.

Anita opened a drawer and pulled out a very short chemise, one with very thin straps and a low cut front and back, and slipped into it. She tossed her husband a pair of silk boxers she had bought the previous day, and he grinned as he put them on. They turned out most of the lights, but Anita left one on the nightstand burning as they climbed under the covers. They moved close under the loose covers.

"Anita, I have to tell you something.", John started to say. Then, suddenly, he knew he couldn't tell her about the drug. Anita was, without question, a world class gossip. Regardless of the topic, she told everybody she knew everybody else's business, including hers and her husband's. Laurie had once commented that her mother could keep a secret '... just as long as it takes her to find someone to tell it to.' John suddenly knew that he would never be able to tell her about Malcolm's secret formula without the entire world knowing about it. He stopped in mid-sentence.

"What is it, John?", asked his wife.

John smiled at her. It was better to think of something else to say. "I just wanted to tell you that I love you more now than when we married, and that I think you are the most beautiful woman in the entire world." It helped, he thought, that this was perfectly true.

Anita's eyes teared up. She reached under the covers and pushed his new silk boxers down over his hips. "Oh, John, I love you! Make love to me John, please, make love to me!" She moved so that she was laying on her back and pulled on his arms.

John smiled at her and moved with her, rolling on top of her and between her legs. Anita raised her knees up and spread her thighs wide. Her tiny night slip had shifted, exposing her massive breasts, and her nipples dug tiny furrows in his chest as he positioned himself in place. Raising his hips slightly, John moved his cockhead to Anita's pussy and pushed it in slowly. She arched her back as she began orgasming, gasping out his name as he moved deeper into her cunt.

For John, it was heaven on earth. Anita's pussy spasmodically twitched around his cock. It felt as if it was buried in a boiling hot vise, one which clutched and grabbed at the oversized intruder. He began to slowly fuck in and out of her, long and deep strokes which rubbed against her clit on both the up and down strokes. Anita shuddered as she came, her arms wrapped around her husband, pulling him closer. John fucked her slowly, until he could no longer stand the sensations racing up and down his prick. He gradually picked up speed, then exploded in a frenzy of fucking, his cock pumping out blast after blast of jism. He collapsed on top of her, and she kissed his chest feverishly.

John rolled off his wife, smiling at her, and held her against his chest, then released her. Anita kissed him gently then rolled away. She moved to turn out the light on the night stand, then snuggled back against her husband, her pleasantly rounded rump nestled against his loins, spoon-fashion. It was time for sleep.

John, on the other hand, wasn't completely sleepy yet. In fact, the feel of his wife's warm ass rubbing against his cock caused it to stiffen appreciably. Smiling to himself in the darkness, he moved a little closer and allowed his stiffening prick to rub across her pleasantly rounded buttocks. He placed a hand on her hip to hold her in place.

"John!", squealed Anita appreciatively. "I thought you were sleepy."

He snorted in derision. "You are the sexiest fuck I have ever had, and you need some cock!" He slipped a knee between her legs and lifted it, spreading her legs apart and moved so that his erection slipped between her thighs. "Now, you stuff that into your pussy and work it! Make me come! Make me come!"

Anita giggled and lowered her hands to her cunt, spreading her pussy lips and stuffing her husband's cockhead into her dripping pussy. John reached around and grabbed her wrists gently, trapping her hands at her crotch, forcing her to diddle herself and play with the cock sawing back and forth heatedly. She was still full of his jism from their first fuck, so she was well lubricated, but John thought she was as tight and hot as before. He held out as long as he could, even after Anita came again, before gasping and thrusting deep into her from behind, to spray her clenching twat with a last load for the night.
Chapter 42
Home - Top   Feedback to author


Home « rlfj's Page « The Storm Index « Previous - Settings
Chapter 42
Posted: May 02, 2004 - 02:34:11 pm

John woke to find himself spooned up behind his naked wife, his cock stiff and pressed against the warm flesh of her asscheeks. He smiled to himself as he woke slowly, and laid a hand on her supple hip to hold her in place. He briefly thought about what Malcolm had told him the night before. Was this erection his own, or one of those chemically induced. He shrugged off the worry. Anita began stirring awake, and his stiff cock felt good pressed against her backside.

Anita stirred awake to the pleasant and familiar sensation of her husband's aroused cock pressing into her rear. He was so horny in the mornings, especially if he didn't have to work. She shifted her hand to touch his, on her hip, then reached up to rub the sleep from her eyes. Looking over her shoulder at him, she gave him a soft smile of love, then a contented sigh escaped her lips. Raising a leg slightly, she shifted her hips closer to John, and was rewarded when he nudged closer. His stiff prick slipped between her legs, and Anita stuffed the engorged cockhead in between her slick pussylips. John pushed in until he was balls deep.

"Oh, baby, I just love to wake up this way!", she gasped happily. She had already had a small orgasm just from his cock slipping inside her. Now that he was slowly sawing back and forth in her aroused cunt, she was in heaven. "Fuck me, John, fuck me!", she begged.

"Mmmm..." John murmured happily as he fucked his wife slowly. Her pussy felt so hot and tight and slick, it was like his cock was in an oily vise. He rolled her over so that she was face down on the bed, swinging over her without missing a single stroke, then straddled her thighs and drew up his knees. He gazed happily down at her plump ass and began shoving his cock into her cunt hard. He began slamming into her, waking her completely.

Anita began moaning and crying out as she orgasmed repeatedly. "Fuck me, John! Fuck me! I'm coming, I'm coming!" She tried to lift up and shove back at him, but his weight was too great for her; she could only lay there and take the marvelous fucking she was receiving and gasp as she came. "Harder!", she begged.

Across the hall, Laurie and Cory woke to the screams of their mother screwing their father. The two girls were naked beneath the covers, surrounded and half laying on the toys they had been playing with the night before. Before John had kicked them out of the room, the two girls had been daisy chain eating with their mother. Now, as they listened to Anita being fucked, they began to get ideas. Cory looked over at her sister and smiled. "Are you thinking what I'm thinking?"

Laurie grinned widely. "What, that we should be getting some of this action, too!?" She tumbled out of bed and pulled her sister upright. "Come on, what are you waiting for?"

Cory grabbed her robe and wrapped it around herself, then tossed its mate to her sister. Together, dressed only in the skimpy and short silk robes, they left their bedroom and went across the hall to their parents room. Laurie led the way, and when she got to the door, didn't bother knocking. She simply opened the door and barged in, leading Cory.

John looked up as his daughters came in, but didn't miss a stroke. Anita, her face turned away from the door, never even noticed. John simply grinned at the girls.

"Way to go Dad!", said Laurie.

Anita turned her face towards the door. "Morning, girls. Did we wake you?", she asked.

"I'll say!", admitted Cory. "Jeez, Dad must really have you going!"

Another orgasmic spasm wracked through the beautiful mother, and she gasped as she nodded agreement. "Oh, yes!", she weakly answered.

"Well, we're next!", announced Laurie, taking off her robe.

John gaped at his beautiful and naked daughter, kneeling next to him on the bed. Cory was next, stripping off her robe and running her fingers over her breasts. She was very aroused at the sight of her parents fucking in the early morning light, and her nipples were stiff and distended. "Yeah, we want to fuck, too!", she agreed.

"Let's help!", said her sister. She moved behind her parents and reached down between them to touch and fondle their joined crotches.

John groaned as the girl began fingering his balls and asshole, and the effect was electrifying. Ramming his cock into his wife even harder, he shuddered and spewed a heavy load of come into her quivering cunt. "Oh my God!", he gasped as he fell atop Anita. Several minutes passed in that position before he managed to roll off and lay beside her, on his back. His chest was heaving, and Anita looked over at him and smiled.

Their reverie was interrupted by Laurie. "My turn now!" She crawled up onto the bed next to her father and swung around. "Let's do it, Daddy!" She lifted a leg and straddled his head, lowering her aromatic pussy onto his lips, then lowered her face to his limp and sticky cock. She inhaled his soft dick, slowly stiffening from her attentions, the exclaimed, "Mmmm, mmmm, good! Come and pussy juice go so well together, don't you think!?"

Her mother snorted and laughed at the pompous statement. She looked over at Cory, now watching her sister and father in the sixty-nine position, and said, "Well, want to find out?"

Cory looked at Anita curiously, taking a few seconds to understand her meaning, then her eyes opened and her face lit up. "Sure!", she squealed happily, and assumed the same position with her mother that her sister was in with her father. Anita leaned back as the teen assumed the position, though she laughed heartily when Cory announced that Laurie was right, come and pussy juice tasted great mixed together.

The dual sixty-nines ended when John began groaning and panting, and his daughter lifted up from his cock and said, "Come in my mouth, Daddy! Come in my mouth!" She swooped back down, engulfing his stiff prick and swallowing it whole, and was rewarded as it spasmed and spewed down her throat. She could feel the blasts pulsing up the shaft and greedily swallowed them as she pumped his cock dry.

John sagged against his pillow as Laurie climbed off him. "Jesus!", he exclaimed. He looked over at his wife, her face glistening with his other daughter's pussy juices. Anita grinned back at him as Cory went into the bathroom. "Hell of a way to wake up, huh, honey? Anybody for breakfast?"

"Not so fast Daddy!', answered Cory. She was returning from the bathroom, where she had found a tube of KY jelly in the medicine cabinet. "I'm next.", she announced.

"What!?" John looked at his daughter curiously, then he noticed what she was carrying. A look of alarm washed over his face. "You have got to be kidding me!"

Cory grinned at her parents. "Not hardly!" She pointed at his limp cock and told her sister, "Come on, get to work! I want him stiff and in my ass!" Laying down on the bed next to her mother, she handed Anita the tube of KY and asked, "Please? Come on Mom, can you lube my ass? I really want to do this, but I have to say that Daddy is bigger than just about everybody else here. I really think I am going to need to be prepared.

Anita laughed as she twisted the cap off the tube and sat up. She faced her husband and smiled. "Breakfast is just going to have to wait, dear." Looking at Laurie, she laughed and said, "You heard your sister, get him up and ready!"
Chapter 43
Home - Top   Feedback to author


Home « rlfj's Page « The Storm Index « Previous - Settings
Chapter 43
Posted: May 06, 2004 - 08:39:54 pm

The Andrews met the Jensons in the dining room for breakfast. Only John, Malcolm, and Caroline were dressed, though Caroline's dress consisted of a short denim skirt and a cable knit sweater, with nothing else under them. Anita and the girls were wrapped in silk bathrobes, though Anita's was long, ankle length. The twins were wearing very short nighty style robes.

The Jensons had split apart after John had nailed Cory up the butt, to bathe and dress. Unbeknownst to them, Malcolm and Caroline had spent the early morning doing much as they had, with Malcolm waking his wife up by snuggling up against her from the rear. When Caroline had sleepily discovered the erection pressing against her from behind, she had happily murmured her agreement and lifted her leg, allowing Malcolm to fuck her pussy from behind. Afterwards, contentedly snuggling with him, now wide awake, she had reached behind her and fondled her husband back to life. Rolling face down, she had lifted up and pulled a pillow beneath her hips, then spread her asscheeks to allow him to buttfuck her. Caroline was practically glowing with satisfaction when she rolled out of bed.

Malcolm smiled as he and Caroline entered the dining room from the kitchen, greeting the Andrews. "You ladies are looking positively delightful. You slept well? Or should I ask if you didn't sleep well?", he asked, emphasizing the word sleep.

Laurie and Cory giggled, and Anita blushed. "Are you sure that we aren't dressed too informally? This seems a bit much..."

"Nonsense. Wear as much or as little as you wish. Beautiful women could never offend me." Caroline snorted as she sat down at her accustomed place at Malcolm's side; Malcolm smiled at his wife and lifted her hand to kiss the palm. "Starting, of course, with you, my dear."

Phoebe must have been listening from the kitchen, because the next thing to occur was that she opened the door and came through with a large platter of pancakes. "Ooh, goody!", exclaimed Laurie. "Come on!", she told her sister, and she and Cory scampered off to the kitchen. They both came out a few moments later with the rest of the fixings, butter and several types of syrup, while Phoebe followed with a large plate of bacon and sausage.

The girls sat down and Phoebe returned with a pitcher of orange juice. "There's apple and tomato juice for anyone who wants it.", she said, then returned to the kitchen. John noticed approvingly that Phoebe was wearing a long terry cloth bathrobe to cook in. He had been curious about what she actually cooked in, since hot grease and raw skin made for a bad combination.

"I love this restaurant!", commented Laurie. "Not only is the food great, but you get to sleep with the chef!"

Everyone laughed at this, though John hung his head. "I think you've created a monster.", he said under his breath to Malcolm.

"Don't worry, the effect will have worn off by the time you get home.", answered Malcolm quietly. Speaking up, he turned to his young guests and asked, "So what are your plans for the day? Anything special in mind? This is your last full day with us, isn't it?"

"That's the plan.", agreed John, interjecting himself into the conversation. He turned to his daughters. "You girls need to be getting you suitcases packed. We're leaving tomorrow morning. Get everything washed and sorted out. You can't be taking any of Caroline's fancy clothing back with you and leaving your ratty jeans here."

Caroline laughed at this, especially when Cory gave a loud 'Rats!' comment.

"That's okay. It'll just give us an excuse to run around without any clothes on, while we wash everything and pack. Then, tonight, we can have a going away orgy!" John sputtered in protest at this, and it was everyone's turn to laugh at him.

"You might want to rethink that.", said Tony ominously from the kitchen. "We got us another storm coming in." He motioned them in through the kitchen door.

John and Malcolm looked at each other curiously and went into the kitchen, as the women started in on their stacks of pancakes. Tony pointed at the small television set on the kitchen counter; he was seated at the kitchen table with his breakfast. The Saturday morning news show out of New York City was just finishing a segment on an upcoming storm, but the information was too little and too late. Tony summarized the story, "According to the news, we've got us another big nor'easter coming our way sometime tomorrow, as bad as last week's."

"Can you switch it to the Weather Channel?", asked Malcolm.

Tony nodded and picked up the remote. A few seconds later the 24 hour weather news channel was on, and the topic of the hour was the impending winter storm about to hit the Northeast. Several map forecasts were charted, along with state by state and city by city snowfall predictions.

"Shit.", muttered John. "I think this is where we came in! We can't do this again."

"Are you thinking of taking off early?", asked Malcolm.

"I don't think we have any choice, do you?"

Malcolm stared at the screen a bit longer before answering. "I don't think you do. If you get out of here by this afternoon, you should be able to run ahead of the storm by several hours, and the farther west you go, the weaker it will get. At the minimum, you'll be able to get a motel room somewhere closer to home and finish your trip in daylight in your home area."

"Otherwise we get snowed in another week up here, right? As enjoyable as that might be, I need to be getting back to work, and the girls have school." John glanced over his shoulder at the dining room door. "Well, let's get it over with." He stood and led the way back to the others.

His wife looked up at him. "Problems, dear."

John shrugged and nodded. "Change in plans, people. We got us another storm coming in, same as last week. We need to be out of here this afternoon." The twins immediately began protesting, but he held up his hands to stop the clamor. "I can't help it. We have another storm, same as last week. Do you want to hike through this one, too?" They silenced at this. "I didn't think so. After breakfast, you need to get packed. Sort out what goes and what stays and what needs to be washed quickly. I want to be on the road by mid-afternoon at the latest. After lunch if possible." He sat down to eat his own cooling pancakes.

Anita looked over at him with concern. "Just how bad is it, John."

He shrugged. "It's not all that bad, hun. If we start for home this afternoon, we get a full day's jump on the storm. By the time it hits here, we'll be hundreds of miles away, in our living room, watching it on television. We just have to get out of here today. Tomorrow will be too late. It will be just like last weekend."

Anita nodded in understanding. She turned to her daughters and said, You heard your father, girls. After breakfast, starting cleaning up your bedroom and packing your bags."

"What, no orgy?!", protested Cory.

John was surprised; Cory was usually the quiet one of the pair. A lot had changed this past week. "Sorry, sweetheart. I want to be packed up and on the road by two. We'll get home by midnight or a little later." Privately John decided to be happy if they got on the road by three. He figured to stop for the night somewhere around Buffalo or Erie, then head south the next day. What with Malcolm's explanation of the final lingering effects of the drug in their systems, it would give them all their own private family orgy before getting back home and back to normal.

The girls grumbled but agreed. As soon as their plates were clean, Anita finished her own breakfast and chivvied the girls into carrying their plates out to the kitchen. "It's about time you two got back to normal. Phoebe and Jeanine won't be at our house cleaning up after the pair of you, that's for sure!"

"Would that be cool or what!?", gushed Laurie.

Jeanine overheard this and started laughing. "Sorry, ladies, I am staying right here!" She wrapped her arms around Tony and hugged him fiercely, an action that caused her microscopic skirt to rise above her ass.

Anita moved the girls towards the kitchen, and when she didn't return, John understood that she had gone upstairs by the back staircase. He finished his breakfast discussing his intended route with Malcolm. "It's just too bad.", commented the older man. "I'd rather been looking forward to a final go-around tonight, actually."

"Yeah, but if we got snowed in for a second week, my boss is going to be mighty suspicious, as in maybe I need a more permanent vacation.", replied John with a smile. He shrugged. "I love it here, but I think we need to be getting home."

"Well, I certainly hope we'll be seeing you again, and soon!"

"Oh, of course, the girls would kill me if I said otherwise. You'll be visiting us in a few weeks, right? On your way south?"

Malcolm nodded. "Pittsburgh, Myrtle Beach, then Key West. We usually take it slow, with short drives and long nights in the motel rooms."

John grinned and nodded in understanding. Finishing his meal, he stood and took the plates to the kitchen, then went up the back stairs to the second floor. The twin's bedroom door was open and he could see them and their mother inside talking about packing. He continued on to his and Anita's room. Inside he changed into some heavier clothes and sat down to pull on his shoes.

Anita came in and asked, "Where are you going?"

"Outside. I need to check the Jeep before we start packing. I want to sort some stuff out quick, then I'll come upstairs and help." He stood and kissed his wife quickly and went out the door. Downstairs, he slipped on his coat and went out into the cold. It was surprisingly warm, though John knew this was temporary at best. At least another foot of snow was on the way, and probably two.

When John returned to the house and went upstairs, he found the girl's door closed, with some loud music blaring inside. He shook his head ruefully and went inside his and Anita's room. He found Anita still wearing the long silk robe she had worn to breakfast, though she had their suitcases opened on the bed and was sorting through several piles of washed by unpressed clothing. "Are you going to be ready in time?", he joked. Anita took forever packing at home, always moving things around and taking clothing in and out of the suitcases.

Anita stuck her tongue out at her husband. "It's pretty easy, actually. All of our stuff goes in the suitcases and yours goes on the floor!", she responded. John stuck his tongue out in return, and gave her a raspberry to boot. "Everything going to fit in the back of the Jeep?", she asked.

"Sure thing. You get to ride on the roof rack with the girls." He smiled at his wife. "Sorry we're leaving today?"

Anita gave him a wistful smile. "That orgy sounded pretty good, you know. Maybe the girls and I can have one of our own, instead, just the four of us."

John came over and hugged his wife. Anita sat down in an armchair and pulled him closer. "Are you sorry to be leaving?"

She shrugged pleasantly. "It's been a great vacation, but it will be good to get back home." She unzipped John's pants and undid his belt, then pushed his slacks and shorts down his thighs. John's cock had grown rapidly once it became obvious what she intended, and now stood proudly in her face. "I think we've got enough time for this, don't you." She ignored whatever John was about to say and opened her mouth wide. "You know, this is still my favorite playtoy."

Her husband thrust gently forward with his hips and stuffed his cock into Anita's mouth. "Oh, yeah, suck me baby, suck me good!", he murmured quietly. Anita was suctioning his cock fiercely, tonguing the tip as she gently rolled his balls through her fingers. It only took a few minutes before he unloaded into her mouth. Anita shoved her face forward as soon as she felt the first blast hit her tongue; she swallowed every drop he spurted.

"That left plenty of time to pack.", she commented. "Seriously, John, we simply need to throw our stuff into the bags and throw the bags into the car. We'll be ready in time."

"Okay.", he replied, pulling his pants back on. "Just keep after those two.", he said, pointing with his thumb. "They might never leave!"
Chapter 44
Home - Top   Feedback to author


Home « rlfj's Page « The Storm Index « Previous - Settings
Chapter 44
Posted: May 11, 2004 - 12:47:09 am

"This really sucks.", commented Laurie.

"Agreed!", replied her sister. The twins were in their bedroom, starting to pack. They had gotten to the point where their suitcases were opened, side by side on Cory's bed. Cory was rummaging in a dresser drawer and pulled out a pair of white bikini panties. "Are these yours?", she asked, holding them up to the light.

"No! Wait, let me see them..." Laurie came across the room and grabbed them from her sister's fingers. "Yes!" She tossed them across the room towards the suitcases; the panties landed in Cory's.

"Hey! Watch it!", protested Cory.

Laurie shrugged unhappily.

Just then the bedroom door opened and Jeanine entered, carrying a pair of plastic laundry baskets. The baskets looked hopelessly mundane compared to the maid outfit the girl was wearing. The black satin top was cut sufficiently low that her open cup brassiere was on display, cupping her tits and presenting them and her nipples for public view. The skirt was so short that her crotchless panties were visible, front and back. "I think this is the last of your laundry. Phoebe will be up in a minute to help, too." She set the baskets down next to the suitcases. "What are you two arguing about, anyway?"

Cory shrugged helplessly, but her twin responded, "Oh, we're not really fighting. I was just complaining about having to leave early. I wanted to be in a real sex orgy tonight!"

"Me, too!", agreed Cory.

"Are there any other types of orgies?", asked Phoebe philosophically as she entered the room. The cook was still wearing her terry cloth robe.

The two girls looked at each other curiously. "Are there?", asked Cory.

Phoebe laughed and waved off the question. It was the blonde maid who answered, saying, "I think an orgy is more a matter of attitude than anything else. I mean, what do you call what you've been doing all week long?"

"You know what we mean?", said Laurie. "The crazy sex party, everybody screwing everybody, that sort of thing."

"Oh, yeah, the Crisco oil party - that was the night before you got here, sorry, you missed it.", said Phoebe with a laugh.

"You are no help at all.", replied Cory with a giggle. "Seriously, have you ever done that?"

"Been there, done that, got the tee-shirt.", acknowledged Jeanine.

"Actually, we did that back in the fall, here, with some friends of the Jensons up from the City.", interjected the cook.

Laurie's and Cory's faces lit up with excitement. "What was it like?", asked Laurie.

Before she could answer, Phoebe was interrupted by Jeanine. "Well, aren't you two coming down to the Keys this summer with your folks?" When the twins nodded in understanding and agreement, she continued, "Well, then, we'll have one for you when you come down."

Cory stared gleefully at the others. "Really!? That would be so cool!"

"What's it like? What happens?", asked Laurie.

Phoebe laughed. "It's not that big a deal, girls. It's just a party, a cocktail party, you know, drinks and appetizers and stuff. Then later, after everyone's gotten comfortable, people start splitting up and exploring the house and pairing off and fooling around. Clothes start coming off and things start to happen. Some people like to just watch, and others like to do it in private and others like the spotlights in the living room." She shrugged. "It's not all that different than what you've been doing this week, just with some different people."

"That would be so cool!", reiterated Cory.

Jeanine glanced aside at Phoebe and then said, "Actually, maybe we could put you two to work at the party." Phoebe looked at her curiously, and Jeanine continued, "I mean, we normally cater things, so Phoebe and I can join in, but we could all put on matching little maid costumes and you could help us serve the guests."

Phoebe nodded. "Coffee, tea, or me! You two would be the special dessert treats. I'll just bet you'd be good at serving."

"Could we!? That would be awesome!", agreed Laurie. In a mock tone, she said, "Could I offer you a blowjob, sir?". Then broke up in laughter.

"Listen, why are you two worrying so much about packing?", asked Jeanine. "Just throw the clean stuff in one suitcase and the dirty stuff in the other, then sort it out at home. Just don't pack our stuff."

"And if you do, then when the Jensons visit you when they head south, you can swap anything of ours you packed with anything you've left behind.", finished Phoebe. She began throwing clothing into the suitcases. "Come on! The sooner we get this done, the sooner we can start fucking."

"Lunch?", asked Jeanine.

"Leftovers from the last few days. No big whoop, I just go down and warm something up."

Jeanine nodded in agreement, and the twins stared at the buxom blonde. Jeanine began undressing, tossing her miniscule uniform on the dresser. She turned back to look at them. "Well, come on, get with the program!", she said with a grin. "Put whatever you are going to travel in off to one side and get undressed. You can finish packing and then we can spend the rest of the time screwing! We'll get the guys up here, too!"
Chapter 45
Home - Top   Feedback to author


Home « rlfj's Page « The Storm Index « Previous - Settings
Chapter 45
Posted: May 15, 2004 - 08:18:20 am

John carried his and Anita's luggage down the back stairs and out to the garage. The family's luggage consisted of a three piece set of matching softside Samsonite, as well as an ancient nylon hanging bag he had owned since college. Over the years he and Anita had settled into a comfortable situation with the luggage. They would split the largest suitcase and the hanging bag, while the girls would share the other two bags. Whatever else they had packed was basically so much trash in the wreck of their station wagon.

He never called for Reeves' help even though it had been offered; he was still rather uncomfortable dealing with servants. It was a world away from what he was used to. He was actually a bit surprised that nobody seemed to be around. The kitchen was empty and neither Jeanine nor Tony was wandering through. He did, however, find Reeves in the garage. The twins' luggage was sitting on the floor of the garage by the open door. Reeves had retrieved the keys to the Jeep and had backed it up to the garage, and now the tailgate was up, and he was examining how to store everything.

"I'd have been happy to get those, sir!", he said, seeing John approach.

"Forget it! I just can't get used to having people wait on me. Where is everyone?", replied John.

"Well, the Doctor and Mrs. Jenson were upstairs in their suite a little bit ago.", the butler answered. Giving a sly smile, he continued, "As for the others, they've been in and out of your daughter's room, helping them pack and whatnot."

John's eyebrows lifted at this. "All three of them had to help the girls pack?" Reeves gave another smile and John started. "All four of you?" Reeves nodded and grinned. "Let me guess, the bags have been packed for the last couple of hours?" It was now approaching half past eleven. The girls had gone upstairs to pack at nine.

"That would probably be correct."

"So I would be correct in assuming that the only things getting stuffed in that room would be Laurie and Cory, right?" John laughed and shook his head in amazement. "Well, maybe they'll sleep the entire way home. They should! Fucking your brains out does tend to make you sleepy!"

"It makes guys sleepy. It makes women horny for more.", countered the older man. He grabbed the largest of the suitcases and set it upright in the back of the Jeep. He didn't like that arrangement, so he flipped it onto the side, flat.

"So, have all four of you been up there since breakfast?", asked John, handing over another bag.

Reeves shrugged his shoulders. "Off and on, in more ways than one, I suppose. We've always managed to keep somebody downstairs and working, but the other three have been giving Laurie and Cory a royal sendoff." The butler grabbed the third bag and set it besides the two stacked up. "So the boss gave you a supply of your own, huh? Welcome to the club."

It took John a second to understand what Reeves was referring to. "Oh, yeah! This is just so damn weird! Does everyone here know about this stuff?"

"Yes, we do, we have to, living here and all. The Doctor occasionally gives a vial to a friend such as yourself. We never talk about it with them, ever. I gather you weren't planning to discuss it with the ladies?" John shook his head. "See, we never know who the guest has told in their family; it's always safer to say nothing unless someone asks you."

"So I'm asking now.", responded John. "This stuff is for real? It really works like Super-Viagra and is safe? Who else has it?"

"The last question is the easiest. We won't tell you. It should be kept discretely. Don't tell anyone. Assuming you received a standard vial..." John pulled the small bottle from his pocket, showing it to Reeves, who nodded in return. "... then you have enough for about six months. It really does work."

"What if I put too much into a drink? Can you overdose on it?"

Reeves gave a wry smile. "Be a hell of a way to go, wouldn't it? Seriously, the compound shows a range of effect. The lowest level that a response is seen is at about the tenth of a dose level, that's where women and men start feeling extra horny and physical changes can be seen. The effect rises rapidly but tapers off, and the maximum dosage occurs at about the two times level. Beyond that, any increase is simply wasted."

"What happens at that maximum level?", asked John.

Reeves grinned widely. "For about twenty-four hours, until the blood levels return to a normal dosage, the victim is perpetually horny and can't get enough sex, no matter what! It happened a few times in the early days, while the Doctor, Mrs. Jenson, and I were experimenting with the dosage. I remember once when both the Doctor and I overdosed and wore his wife out before we were done. She couldn't sit for a week!"

John simply shook his head in amazement. "This is just so weird! So if we aren't the only ones who know about this, why doesn't some drug company start making it?"

Malcolm entered the garage as John asked this, and as the others turned to him, he answered it. "Well, not all that many people know about it, for one thing. I'm the only source, and I know how much a supply will last the average user. If you sell a sample to a drug company, you won't have any for yourself, will you? Actually, I believe that at least one drug company already has a sample and is working on it, slowly at least"

"Why slowly? I'd think this stuff would be like the Holy Grail for sex researchers."

"Really? You forget the deadly side effect!"

"What?!", asked John.

Malcolm gave a wicked grin. "You're right, if it only affected men it would be unbelievably popular, but it affects women, too. Half the religions in the world would condemn it because it would make women more sexually active. We live in a very paternalistic world, John. It's one thing for a man to have the ability to screw around with a half dozen women. Just look at Hugh Hefner, for God's sake! But for a woman to be sexually demanding in the same way would be horrifying. Just look at the nonsense when a Madonna or Liz Taylor marry a string of men."

John blinked in surprise at this. Malcolm continued, "Besides, only I know the exact manufacturing method. I never use the same lab facility twice and never keep a written formula or notes." He tapped the side of his head. "It's all up here."

"Do the world a favor, Malcolm. Pass the secret along on your death bed!", said John with a laugh.

Malcolm smiled. "Come on, let's go see what our wives are up to. I think I know perfectly well what everybody else is doing!"

Malcolm led John up the back stairs, leaving Reeves to finish packing the Jeep. They waited a moment in the hallway, listening to the moans and groans coming from the twins' room. Shaking his head in disbelief, John rapped smartly on their door. "Hey, you two, you have to get packed, remember?" He muttered to himself as they protested their innocence and imminent readiness, then opened the door to his and Anita's bedroom.

Malcolm chuckled as he peered through the open door. Much as he expected, Caroline had decided to help Anita pack. Since there was almost nothing left to pack, she had decided to simply... help. Anita had finally shed her bathrobe, as Caroline had shed her clothing, and the two women were snuggling naked in each other's arms, the scent of sex heavy and redolent in the air. They looked very pleased with them selves.

Caroline stretched luxuriantly on the bed. Anita propped herself up on her elbows and asked, "Everything packed?"

"You two are grinning like cats that ate a pair of canaries.", commented her husband as he stepped inside.

Malcolm followed and shut the door behind him. "Somehow, John, I think that canaries are the last thing these two have been eating." Anita smiled and ran a hand across her hostess' pussy. Malcolm began to unbutton his shirt. "Don't just stand there, John!", he said. "Get undressed and fuck somebody!"

John laughed a snorting sort of laugh, and immediately began to get undressed. He wasn't quite as fast as Malcolm, and was still removing his pants when Malcolm climbed onto the bed between the two beautiful women. He lay flat on his back with a big smile and an even bigger erection. Anita immediately lifted a leg and straddled his lap, climbing onto his cock and sinking down onto it. Malcolm's wife shifted around so that she was straddling his face, taking a 'mustache ride' as she called it, and leaning forward to caress and fondle Anita.

John finished stripping off his clothes and stood there briefly, surveying the sight. He had a number of options available - blowjobs from either woman, fuck Caroline, suck Caroline - any number of combinations presented themselves. Finally he settled on something. Pulling the nightstand drawer open, he reached inside and pulled out the tube of KY inside. He came around behind his wife and squirted some lubricant on his stiff prick. He worked it greasily over his cock, then squirted some more on Anita's asshole. Anita was straddling Malcolm, riding his cock, and John smiled as he watched it saw in and out of her cunt. The sounds of a sloppy fuck seemed very loud.

John tossed the tube of jelly aside and crawled onto the bed behind Anita. Caroline grinned and climbed off her husband's face, letting Malcolm see John approach from over Anita's shoulder. He spread his legs, forcing Anita's thighs wide apart and pulled Anita forward, so that she was laying on his chest, and whispered to his wife to help. As John nestled up behind Anita, Caroline reached between them and pulled her guest's asscheeks apart, then guided John's massive cock into Anita's asshole.

Anita gasped and tried to straighten up, only to be caught between the two men. "Oh my God!", she whimpered, as John relentlessly pushed his huge cock inside her asshole. Malcolm continued fucking into her from below. "Oh my God!" She began humping her ass backwards at the cock fucking her from behind, forcing her pussy onto the cock beneath her in the process. "Oh my God!"

The final addition to the threesome was Caroline. Kneeling at the side of the fuck sandwich, she began kissing Anita and pawing at her jiggling tits, pinching her nipples and pulling them out. Anita moaned and began shaking as a massive orgasm overtook her. Her cries became hoarse and incoherent as John and Malcolm rode her through a long orgasm before coming themselves, filling her pussy and ass with their jism. When John finally pulled his softening dick out of her, a soft plopping sound being heard, Anita collapsed sideways onto the bed, come running out of her onto the sheets.

"Now that was what I call a fuck!", exclaimed Caroline.

John smiled as he looked down at the wreckage of the bedsheets, and the wreckage of his wife. "No shit!", he replied. He walked slowly into the bathroom. Behind him both Anita and Caroline drifted off to a half-doze. Caroline followed him. "I need a bath.", commented John.

"Would you like some help?", she said with a grin.

"I am feeling positively filthy.", answered John. "If you wash my back, I'll wash yours."

Caroline adjusted the water temperature and stepped into the shower, pulling John in by the hand. The pair immediately were in each other's arms, kissing and nibbling at the skin being washed by the pulsing jets of steaming water. John was already stiff by the time Caroline grabbed the soap and washcloth and began rubbing the traces of Anita's ass from him. Within seconds of it being clean, John had turned her around, bending her at the waist, and stuffing it into her pussy from behind.

John groaned as he spewed his come into Caroline's vise tight cunt, then they both sagged in exhaustion as the water washed them clean. John turned off the water after a few minutes more and opened the door to the bathroom. The air was hot and steamy, as they dried off. Curious about a muffled moaning sound coming from the bedroom, Caroline opened the bathroom door. Malcolm had revived and had snuggled up behind Anita, to fuck her from behind, on their sides.

Anita stared at her husband with glazed eyes while Malcolm pumped into her from the rear, unloading another heavy load of come to join the one he had filled her with earlier. John smiled at her and got dressed. After Malcolm pulled out, John took his wife by the hand and pulled her to her feet. Patting her delectable rump, he pointed her towards the bathroom, saying, "We really do have to be going." Anita nodded mutely and stepped inside. Caroline sat down next to her husband on the rumpled sheets and gently toyed with his limp dick.

It was obvious that Caroline wanted another go out of Malcolm, and with Anita in the bathroom, it seemed a perfect time to see what, or who, his daughters were up to. He knocked on the door and let himself inside. After what he had seen his daughters doing this week, invading their privacy was a laughable joke!

John wasn't disappointed. Reeves had returned to the girls' bedroom and had joined back in the festivities. Jeanine was apparently on duty; she was missing, but Tony and Phoebe were also present. John's suspicions about the twins was right on target. Cory and Phoebe were lying on their sides in a sixty-nine position, happily and loudly munching away on the other's pussy. Laurie was no more sedate than her sister; she was seated on Tony's lap, with his cock up her pussy, while Reeves stood before her, his cock in her mouth. Laurie happily waved at her father then returned to sucking and fucking. Cory never even looked up.

"You girls have to finish up and get cleaned up. We have to be going.", he announced. Both girls gave muffled replies, and John left, shaking his head. He went back to his room. Malcolm and Caroline were in a passionate missionary position, with Caroline's legs wrapped around his waist and her arms entwined behind his neck. The shower was running, so he knew where Anita was. Grabbing his shoes and socks, John sat down and finished dressing, then headed out of the room.
Chapter 46
Home - Top   Feedback to author


Home « rlfj's Page « The Storm Index « Previous - Settings
Chapter 46
Posted: May 18, 2004 - 12:10:45 am

Caroline Jenson knocked on the twins' door and, hearing no response, let herself in quietly. The room reeked of sex, sweat, and come, but was empty. She smiled as she realized the girls were both in the bathroom, showering together.

After making love with her husband in John's and Anita's bed, Caroline and Malcolm had picked up their clothing and walked naked down the hall to their own bedroom. Caroline had showered first, then dressed while her husband washed up. She had slipped on a form-fitting cashmere sweater and a long woolen wrap skirt, along with a pair of stockings and some calf length high-heeled boots. Needless to say, she eschewed any underwear. She might not be screwing again until after the Andrews had left, but she knew she would be screwing again before the day was out.

She was gazing out the window at the snowy side yard when the door to the bathroom opened and the girls came out. Cory had her towel wrapped around her waist, topless, like a sarong. Laurie was naked and using her towel to dry her hair. "Hi. We didn't hear anyone come in.", she said.

"Hi girls. I just dropped in to see how you were coming in packing. Getting ready?"

Laurie nodded. "Yeah. After Dad told us to finish earlier, everybody came and left." Caroline grinned and laughed at the description. "We were just getting started!", the teen protested with a smile.

"Oh well. You really do need to be going, if you want to beat the storm. You wouldn't want to get stuck in another snowbank would you?"

"I think I'd rather stay here.", responded Cory. "Are you and Malcolm really coming down to our house soon?"

"Absolutely. We wouldn't miss it for the world. I think it will be in just another couple of weeks. We'll come down for the weekend and you can play host to us.", said Caroline.

Laurie's eyes lit up. "Does that mean Cory and I get to play maid for the weekend for everyone?"

Caroline laughed. "I think you'd better talk that one over with your parents." She watched as the girls began dressing, putting on almost the same clothing they had worn on their fateful trip when they first met the Jensons. Jeans, rugby shirts, and sweaters, though they skipped the underwear. "I suppose it will take a little getting used to the normal life again.", she said, sitting down in an armchair. "I hope you two understand that you need to be... discrete... about what happened."

Laurie looked a little confused by this, but Cory explained, saying, "No, we can't tell everyone back home that we screwed everyone available, including Mom, Dad, and each other, right?" Laurie's eyes opened at this but she nodded her understanding.

"That pretty much sums things up nicely.", agreed Caroline. "Do you girls have boyfriends back home?"

The twins told their hostess about Bobby and Jerry, explaining how they hadn't done anything more than some heavy petting and hand jobs with the young men.

"Well, you'll just have to get them to start taking care of things, hmmm?"

"I've been wondering about that.", admitted Cory. "I mean, I don't want to seem like a slut, but, well, I really want Bobby to, you know..." She blushed as she said this.

"Well, you just need to let Bobby know you'd like to take it to the next level." Cory looked confused and Laurie looked curious. It was obvious she had the same thoughts as her sister. Caroline continued, "Have either of the boys asked for a hummer, even just a little, you know, like asking you to kiss it yet?"

"Yeah!", said Laurie.

Cory shrugged her shoulders. "Not really, but the last time he was sort of pushing my shoulders down so my face was closer to his cock."

"It's simple then. You simply go along with him and suck his cock. Act a little nervous, like you're not sure if you're doing it right. Ask him if you're doing it right and act a little surprised when he comes. Then, later, ask him to return the favor."

"You mean..."

Caroline nodded emphatically. "That's right, ask him to eat your pussy. If he balks, simply tell him that it doesn't seem fair that he won't if you will, and that you won't in the future. I guarantee he'll lick your pussy. After that, it won't take long to get him to fuck you."

Laurie and Cory stared at each other, and Caroline could almost see the wheels turning in their heads. Laurie asked, almost to herself, "But where... when... ?"

Caroline snorted. "Where is anyplace private and when is whenever. Listen, do you have a family room?" The twins nodded assent. "Okay, the next time you are at home with the guy, just go downstairs and do it. If you tell Anita ahead of time, I'll bet she'll make sure to go shopping or something and let you know how long she'll be gone. Give you some time alone, some privacy."

Cory excitedly said, "That'd be you and Jerry! I can go over to Bobby's after school. His mom works until six or even later most nights!"

"Cool!", agreed Laurie. She tossed the last of her dirty clothes in one of the suitcases and zipped it up.

Caroline stood and went to the nightstand. "Listen, before you two finish packing, how about something to remember us by." She pulled the drawer open and grabbed several of the vibrators and dildos, setting them on the bed. "Want a toy or two? I don't think you guys are old enough to buy them on your own." She passed over the giant double dong. Cory's eyes widened at the thought, but she quickly took it and stuffed it in her own bag.

Laurie picked up a pair of vibrators and passed them along as well. "Thank you!", she said, hugging Caroline tightly. She could feel tears starting. "This was so much better than skiing!"

"It has been terrific having you guys here! We'll be seeing you in just a couple of weeks, and then right before summer, too, when you get out of school."

Cory gasped at the idea and hugged Caroline as well. "Is that for real? I mean, seriously? We're going to Florida to spend another week with you!?"

"Absolutely! Wouldn't miss it for the world!"

"That is so cool!"

"Come on, let's go get some lunch." Caroline grabbed one of the suitcases and Laurie took the second, and headed out the door. Cory took a last look around and followed them.
Chapter 47
Home - Top   Feedback to author


Home « rlfj's Page « The Storm Index « Previous - Settings
Chapter 47
Posted: May 22, 2004 - 11:39:12 pm

"Come on girls. Time to wake up. We're almost home." Anita reached between the bucket seats of the Jeep and nudged Laurie's knee. Laurie grumbled, her eyes closed, and shifted away from her mother's hand. Next to her, Cory shifted as well, and that was good enough for their mother. They'd be home in about ten minutes and could doze as best they could until then.

It was very late, after midnight. John had elected to drive straight through rather than stop for the evening. The roads were good and traffic was light; he and his wife had switched off driving every few hours, and both had learned to catnap ages before. The girls weren't quite so lucky. The Jeep's ride was stiffer than their now wrecked station wagon, and unlike the passenger side front seat, wouldn't recline. Neither girl had been able to sleep much, and both felt exhausted by the trip.

Anita felt much better than her daughters. She had reclined her seat as much as possible and had been sleeping the last few hours. She glanced over at her husband. John was rubbing his face but didn't seem in bad shape either. It had been over a ten hour trip, what with dinner and pit stops.

They pulled into the driveway and parked. "End of the line. Grab a bag and take it inside." The girls grumbled themselves awake and stumbled towards the front door. John stopped halfway up the walk and stretched, loosening up muscles stiff from too long sitting.

"Come on, Dad, unlock the house!", protested Cory. "I have to pee!"

John told his daughters to sleep as late as they wanted; Sunday would have nothing scheduled other than unpacking and doing laundry. He unlocked the door, then ducked inside to disarm the alarm system. The twins scampered inside, running towards the baths. A cry of outrage followed when one was locked out of the hall bath and had to run off to the master bath down the hall. He turned around to grab the luggage and almost ran over his wife. "Just toss everything in the living room. We'll sort it out sometime tomorrow."

Anita nodded and set the bag she was carrying down next to the couch, then headed towards the dining room. The thermostat was located there and she wanted to turn the heat up; during their trip she had kept it at 65 and the house felt very chilly. By the time the girls reappeared, the luggage was inside and John was locking the vehicle. It had seemed much safer in the Adirondacks. Nobody up there seemed to lock their doors! He locked the house after coming inside and looked at the damages. Grabbing the hanging bag and large suitcase, he carried them up the stairs to the bedroom, then set them to the side.

"I thought we'd do that tomorrow?", asked Anita, quizzically.

Her husband gave a tired shrug. "I just want the toilet kit without rooting through everything in the living room."

"It's good to be home, honey.", said Anita. "Vacations are nice, but it's good to be home."

John gave her a lopsided grin. "The vacation was nice, though." He went into their master bathroom with the toilet kit and closed the door behind him.

Stuck with nothing to do while her husband was in the bathroom, Anita walked back down the hallway and looked in at her daughters. Both were asleep, Cory under the covers and Laurie sprawled flat on her bed, still dressed from the road. Anita snuck inside and pulled a blanket over the girl, and went back to her own room, closing the door behind her.

John stepped from the bath in his normal sleeping outfit, a pair of silk pajama bottoms. Anita usually wore the tops when she didn't wear something fancier. She stepped into the bathroom as John left. Like her husband, she needed a quick shower in order to feel human again. Within ten minutes she was back in the bedroom wearing John's pajama top. Much to her surprise, the bedroom light was still on and John was sitting up, his back to the headboard, reading a book. "Not sleepy?", she asked.

"Ehhh..." was the noncommittal answer.

Anita went around to her side of the bed and climbed in, turning off the ceiling light and turning on her lamp on the nightstand. After a few minutes more, John turned off his bedside lamp and set his book aside. "Good night, honey. I love you.", he said.

"I love you, John." Anita snuggled up to her husband but left her lamp on.

Any questions John had about his wife's intentions were answered when she slipped a hand under the covers and began fondling his cock through his pajamas. "I guess you weren't sleepy, either.", he quipped. John stretched out, repositioning himself with an arm around Anita's shoulders, and began to unbutton the pajama top.

"Oh, John, I love you so much!", she whimpered as his fingers found her erect nipples. She fumbled open the snaps on his pajama bottoms and his cock sprang out into her waiting hand. It was hard, yet the skin felt velvety smooth. She rubbed a thumb across his cockhead as she gently stroked him and rubbed a bead of precome across it. "I need you, John!"

John smiled to himself as his wife wantonly offered her body to him. He continued unbuttoning her top until it was completely open, then ran a finger through her pussy. She was just barely starting to get a stubble, but she was hot and wet. She shuddered to his touch as she orgasmed.

"Now, John, please?", begged Anita. She lay back on the bed, spread her legs wide, and pulled at her husband.

John rolled onto his wife and positioned his cock at the entrance to her pussy. Anita kept a hand wrapped around his shaft until he was in position, then eagerly spread her pussy lips with the other hand while the one on his shaft guided him inside. She gasped as she came. John pushed inside in a single swift movement, not stopping until all nine inches were spreading her open. He bottomed out with his pubic bone resting against hers.

Anita ecstatically wrapped her legs around her husband's, then pulled her hands out from between them, to wrap around his back. One held him against her while the other caressed his ass. John pulled his cock slowly out and then pushed it back in. He began to fuck her with long and slow strokes, strokes that rubbed her clit going in and pulling out. His hips developed a rhythm that began to overwhelm the pair of them. His breathing became ragged as he drove himself closer to spewing inside her drenched cunt, even as it drove her to a maddeningly fierce orgasm, a single long and overwhelming come that spurred him into faster and faster thrusts. It was almost an anticlimax when he groaned and gasped, collapsing onto Anita as his twitching cock spurted and filled her pussy with jism, his pounding hips pumping it out of her pussy and onto the sheets beneath.

John rolled off his wife's sweaty body, gasping a quiet, "Jesus!", as he sagged limply into the sheets. Anita rolled with him, to lay one leg over his. She reached down and took his limp and sticky cock in her hand, then snuggled against him. "Baby, what has gotten into you?", he asked lightly, grinning at her.

Anita giggled as she wiggled his soft prick. "Well, I think this just did!" She leaned closer and kissed her husband on the cheek. "I just love you so much. I've been wondering, I mean, after this last week, whether you'd be happy with just me again, after having all those beautiful women to sleep with."

John chuckled. "It was quite the week, wasn't it? I was sort of wondering the same thing. Whether after you had all those cocks to choose from you'd still be satisfied with just mine?"

"Oh, John, it was so much fun, wasn't it? I suppose I'd thought about other men, and you with other women, but that sort of thing doesn't really happen, you know?"

"Mmmm, any regrets?"

"Never!", she replied emphatically. John sat upright again, leaning back against the headboard. Anita stripped off her pajama top and then pulled his bottoms off, so that both were naked. John's cock began to stiffen again. She looked at him seriously, and a little nervously. "You?"

"Not hardly. You are still the woman I want to sleep with every night." He wrapped an arm around her shoulders, hugging her to his chest. "You are the mother of my children and the woman I want to spend the rest of my life with. Last week, that was a lot of fun, and I look forward to more fun and games like that, but it's just fun and games. You are the woman I love.", he said quietly.

"Oh John!" Anita sniffled back a tear and kissed her husband again. "I love you John."

"I love you, too, babe. It was kind of fun last week, though, wasn't it?", he asked with a chuckle.

"Yes it was.", she agreed. "Remember what we talked about that night, about me dressing up after dinner, in heels and stockings and nighties and such... do you really want me to do that?"

"Sure, why not?", he replied, a curious look on his face.

Anita blushed and said, "Well, what about the girls? What will our daughters say?"

"Those would be the daughters who boffed everybody and everything last week, including you and me, right?", he replied dryly. "Are you really worried about that?"

Anita's eyes opened wide at that and she giggled. "I guess that seeing their parents making out won't be that big a deal after all. Do you think that sleeping with them last week will affect them?"

"Anita, the one thing we didn't do with them was sleep!" John snorted and shrugged. "I don't think they were permanently screwed up or anything. Still, maybe you could mention to them that that sort of thing is best left for vacations away from here. Okay?"

Anita nodded in agreement. "Let them find their own boyfriends." She wiggled her husband's now stiff and throbbing cock.

"That should occur sometime this week, I would bet. Now, why don't you do to me what they are going to be doing to them." John pointed a finger at his crotch and put a hand on the back of his wife's head, to gently nudge her face towards his prick. She quickly knelt at his side and lowered her face to his crotch.

John leaned back against the headboard, his eyes half-closed in bliss. Anita was sucking his cock wildly, trying to inhale it, and the swallowing action on his cockhead was driving him crazy! He rubbed a hand along her smooth back and down to her ass, and she shifted slightly, coming closer. John shifted as well, and began running his fingers along the crack of her ass and between her thighs. His wife moaned around the cock stuffed in her mouth, and that was pleasant, too. He placed one hand on the back of her head, keeping her in place sucking his cock, while his other continued caressing her body. Anita was moaning loudly when she suddenly stopped to begin hastily swallowing the come spewing from his cock.

"Well, at least with my mouth full, your daughters can't hear us fucking.", commented Anita as she moved back into his arms.

"What?!"

"Didn't you hear?" John looked at his wife curiously. "The girls told Phoebe, who told me, that they can hear us screwing from Cory's room. When I asked her she had this big grin and said it was true. She would diddle herself whenever she heard us at it!"

"Oh, Christ!", groaned John. He simply shook his head in disbelief.

John was tiring, both from the sex and from the long, long day they had been through. He didn't seem to be recovering as fast as earlier in the week, either. Maybe the dosage of the drug that Malcolm had given him was starting to wear off. It didn't seem to be slowing his wife down, but he really wasn't sure what all the effects were. Maybe a half-dosage for the both of them would be good the next day. From what the others had mentioned, it should make them both randy enough, as if they were teenagers on honeymoon. He'd leave off the full dosage for another time.

'Like when?', he thought to himself. Maybe just for trips with Anita, or special vacations. John murmured pleasantly, looking down at the erection Anita was bringing back to life. "Honey, would you like to come on some of my sales trips? I could schedule a few for the end of the week and stay a day or two extra. The girls are old enough to take care of themselves for a few days now."

Anita blinked in surprise at this; John had never really involved her in his business, though he always answered any questions she had asked. "Really?"

"Sure! You could help me by relieving any stress that might develop.", shrugged John.

"Stress, huh?", she asked, a smile lighting her face. She began manipulating him to stiffness again. "I'd probably have to pack very light, wouldn't I? No room for panties or bras or pants, right? I'd only have room for stockings and short skirts and sheer tops and whatnot, right? High heels, too."

"Absolutely.", he agreed with a smile. He cupped a breast and began flicking a finger over her excited nipple. "I promise that I'd have an awful lot of stress that you'd have to relive me of. You know, maybe, if you wanted, we could see if anybody else in the hotel bar, men or women, needed some relief as well."

Anita's eyes goggled at the thought of a sex weekend in a strange city with her husband and others. Shifting around, she straddled John's thighs and lowered her dripping cunt onto his stiff cock. "Absolutely, John, absolutely!" She took his hands and lifted them to her massive tits, then began rubbing her clit. "It's like the start of something wonderful and new, John! Fuck me, honey, fuck me!"
Your opinion is important:
Share with the others what you think about
"The Storm"
     
Switch to Expanded voting form
The End
Posted: 2003-12-03
Last Modified: 2004-05-22 / 12:00:00 am
Home - Top   Feedback to author
