Home « rlfj's Page « The Power Index - Settings
Chapter 1
Posted: December 05, 2001 - 12:00:00 am
Updated: February 27, 2008 - 07:56:13 pm
?

I wasn't always like this, I mean able to control minds. I've never heard or met anyone who was able to do it. But I can't be the only person who can or who has been able to. The concept is too widely known. If, as linguists and anthropologists speculate, no culture will have words or expressions for what can not be conceived of by them, then I can't be the only person this has happened to. Similarly, clairvoyance, telepathy, and telekinesis must occur to some extent, or how could we conceive of them? Still, such instances must be very rare, or it would be common knowledge

However, this was not meant to be a philosophical dissertation. I just thought I'd let you know that it happened to me.

I was sixteen-years-and-three-months old, give or take a few days, and my buddy Larry had just turned sixteen himself. His parents, possessing more money than sense had presented a new Chevy to him for his birthday, and he and I and another couple of guys were going out to drive it around. "Death Seat!", I screamed, and ran to the front passenger door.

How was I to know how prophetic this would be! Not five minutes later, Larry decided to try his luck on a yellow light and went through late. I looked out my side window in time to see the semi's grill fill the view, then...

I awoke feeling very groggy and thirsty, and didn't seem able to move very well. I blinked weakly and tried to clear my eyes, but my hands didn't seem to want to move either. I managed to croak something out and went back to sleep.

The next time I woke I felt much better. I was still thirsty, but didn't seem as dehydrated as before, and my eyes came fully open. I was staring at a white tile ceiling. This time I was able to move somewhat and I managed to move my head around.

Focusing, I could see that I was lying in a bed with rails along the side, like the beds you see in hospital shows on TV. What I could remember came back to me, the truck hitting the side of Larry's new car and then nothing else. Okay, we had been in an accident and I was in the hospital. I looked down at my body and was tolerably pleased to see that everything was in pretty much the same place as before. My left arm was free and I could move it, albeit slowly and weakly. My right arm was strapped to the bed, with about a million tubes going in, but I was able to wriggle my fingers. A light sheet covered my torso and legs, but bumps indicated that all that stuff was still there, too. Strangely, I could wiggle my left toes and leg, but not my right.

"Hello?" It took me several seconds to clear my dry throat and croak this out, but no one responded. Looking around, I noticed a remote control type button clipped to my bedsheet near my left hand, and hit the button.

About a minute later, a nurse opened the door and came in. "Great, you're awake!", she said.

"Water.", I croaked.

The nurse, a towering battle-ax straight from Central Casting, came to my bedside and promptly poured a glass. Slipping in a flexible straw, she rather tenderly positioned my head so I could sip from it. I drained the glass and two more like it.

"Thanks."

"Sure thing, honey. I've got to get the doctor." She smiled down at me. "Don't go away!"

Hospital humor is generally lost on me, but I smiled and nodded. A few minutes later the door opened again and a medium tall middle-aged bald guy walked in. He carried a clipboard and wore a white coat and a stethoscope, so I didn't think he was the janitor. "I'm Doctor Stevings, Paul. How do you feel?", he said.

"Uh, I don't know.", I replied, looking down at my body. "How do I feel?"

Just then, the door burst open and a small whirlwind came through. "Paul! Paul! Oh my God! Paul! Are you all right? Oh, God!..." Mom collapsed onto the bed and tried to hug me, lift me, kiss me, and cry all at the same time.

I was shocked by her behavior, but even more when the MD pulled my Mom off of me. "Please, Mrs. Jones, you can't move your son around like that until we've checked him over."

"But..."

"Please, Mrs. Jones. He's not going anywhere. Give me five minutes and he's all yours.", he said with a smile. "Please wait outside." He gently but firmly pulled my mother upright and directed her towards the door.

She looked over her shoulder and yelled back to me, "I'll be right outside the door, baby. I'll be back in a few minutes!", and allowed herself to be led out.

The doctor came over to me. "We really don't like patients in your condition to be so roughly handled until we know the extent of your injuries. So again, how do you feel?"

I thought for a second. "Okay, I guess. Kind of hungry. What happened to me?"

He ignored the question. Pulling a small steel rod from his pocket, he twisted it and pulled a needle from it. "Tell me if you feel this."

I half expected him to jab it into me somewhere, but instead he simply traced lines and circles over my hands and feet. I simply kept saying "Yes." each time he asked.

Presently, he looked up at me with a look of relief. Lifting my free left arm he asked me to move it through several positions. Unstrapping my right, we repeated the exercise. Finally he pulled the sheet off my left leg and we moved that around as well. I felt fine, though weak, I told him. "You have no idea how happy that makes me.", he said, and went towards the door.

"Wait! What about my right leg? We didn't move that! What's wrong?", I asked.

"Oh, I'm sorry." He came back to the bed and lifted the sheet, letting me see the cast which extended from ankle to groin. "Not much point in moving this one around, is there?", he asked jokingly.

"So what happened to me?", I asked.

"Let's get your mother back in and we can both tell you." He rearranged the sheet and went to the door. As soon as it opened my mother busted in and ran to my bedside. This time she looked tearfully at the doctor first, who simply nodded, and she burst out in fresh tears as she hugged and kissed me.

Finally she calmed down enough to answer my repeated question, "What's happened to me?"

"You were in an accident."

"I know that, Mom. I was there, remember? And where's Sue? Why isn't she here?" Sue is my sister, who is almost fifteen. She's a real pain in the ass most of the time, but we're fairly close.

Mom gave me a funny look. "Paul, she's in school."

"School? Mom, we just got out of school. What, did she have to go to summer school?" This didn't sound right; I would have known if she was.

Another funny yet horrified look. "Paul, it's the second week of September." She looked over at the doctor in confusion. "You didn't tell him?"

"Tell me what?", I demanded, staring at the doctor.

"Didn't have the chance.", he said to Mom. Looking at me, he said, "You've been in a coma for three months, Paul."

I felt like I had been hit by a second truck. Both my mother and the doctor started talking at the same time, with Stevings spouting off Latin terms for good measure. Eventually I got it sorted out. Apparently the semi had really slammed into the front passenger door. Despite the seat belt and airbag, I had bounced all over the front seat. My right knee had been crushed to the point where there had been worry that I would lose the leg, but worst was a major-league concussion which had put me in the coma. Topping the picture off, my heart had stopped in the ambulance and they were worried about spinal damage as well. Oh, yeah, and I had busted three ribs and two fingers, but since they had healed while I was out, I never felt the difference.

No wonder I felt weak and hungry; I had been fed by tubes for the entire summer. However, now that I was awake again, the prognosis was much brighter. While much more testing was in order, it appeared that I wasn't going to be paralyzed, and would sooner or later be kicked out to go home.

When I asked about my right leg, Stevings simply scratched his head and shrugged. "I don't know, I'm a neurologist, not an orthopedics man. I can tell you a few things. While you were in the coma, we did three operations on your knee. Had to be done then, we couldn't wait for you to come around. As far as I know, all the pieces are back in place. But, and this is a big but, 'cause it's not my specialty, nobody can really know until the cast comes off and you try to use it. I can guarantee you are in for some fairly serious physical therapy. How long and what percentage you get back, I don't know."

Now it was my turn to shrug. "I guess I should be thankful I'm still alive. Hey, whatever happened to Larry and Jake and Billy?"

"Who?", he asked.

"The other boys in the car.", said Mom. "They just had a few cuts and bruises. God only knows why, but they walked away from it."

"Shit!", I exclaimed. "I'm going to get better just to beat the hell out of them, the bastards!", I laughed.

"Watch your mouth, Paul."

"Yes, Mom.", I said contritely.

Mom and Sue came back later that night during visiting hours. In the meantime, the battle-ax had returned and given me a sponge bath (which I really needed) and changed my catheter, which I didn't even know I had. Don't ask about the other side - you don't want to know! Finally she helped me eat a delicious meal of Jell-O and broth. When I complained that I wanted real food, she told me to pipe down, I'd puke it up in five minutes, and to eat what I was told. I was surprised how full the Oliver Twist gruel made me, and she said that my stomach had shrunk during the coma, and I would have to work back up to solid foods. Then she removed most of the IV tubes in my right arm, the ones which had been feeding me.

I was clean and presentable by the time Mom and Sue came in, and I just couldn't get over the changes in their appearance. In Mom's case, it turned out that I had come out of the coma yesterday, and Mom had stayed all day and night at the hospital for me to wake up again. When I saw her earlier, she looked like she had been dragged through a knothole. As for Sue, she was a teenager who had seemingly aged three months overnight. She was now fifteen and maturing rapidly.

One interesting thing though, I now had a beard and mustache. Just before my accident, I had started to shave, at least every four or five days or so. I guess it was simply that time in my adolescence. Now I had a respectable mustache and a considerably less respectable beard. As soon as I got the chance I lost the beard, but I kind of liked the mustache and let that stay. It's funny, but I've never seen my upper lip since.

The orthopedic surgeon came in while Mom and Sue were there and explained that the cast was coming off in six days. Then we could all find out just how bad things were. He also went into some detail on the physical therapy I would need. He was a younger doctor, maybe mid-thirties, without a wedding band, and I noticed he kept an eye on Mom the entire time. This didn't surprise me at all; Mom is pretty noticeable.

I should explain one thing first. Sue and I don't have a father. Mom married right out of high school in a burst of love and stupidity. He stuck around after I was born, just long enough to knock Mom up a second time, then took off for parts unknown when he discovered that lightning can strike twice. I don't remember him at all, and Sue was born after he left. Mom took back her maiden name (Sue's and my last name is Harron), moved back to her home town and raised us by herself, with the help of her parents. Still, she never complained - Mom is a firm believer in making lemonade if someone gives you lemons.

Looking back on it now, I have no idea how she managed to raise two kids without a pot to piss in and do as well as she did. Oh, Granny and Gramps helped, certainly, but Mom managed to go to the local community college and learn enough to become a secretary. Then, while working full time and raising us, she managed to go back to school and get a four year degree. Now she was office manager for the regional headquarters of the local department store. Even though her parents weren't much better off, she saved enough so that when they died and left her a small insurance settlement, she was able to buy a small house in an older development. I was, and I still am, pretty proud of her. She raised Sue and me with that same no tears, no failure attitude. I made Eagle Scout on my sixteenth birthday, and Sue has never had less than an A- in school. Mom would kill us if we were to screw up.

But that doesn't explain why the surgeon kept ogling her all night. To put it simply, my Mom is a stone fox!

First of all, she's only thirty-five. Most of my friends' parents are ten years older, but you do the arithmetic. She was nineteen when I came along and I'm sixteen. Secondly, she's tiny. She's only five-foot-one, and can't weigh more than a hundred pounds soaking wet. And lastly, she has a killer figure - 36D-22-33 - topped by a wavy mop of curly auburn hair.

I've always thought my Mom was pretty, but I suppose most sons think their mother is the most beautiful woman in the world. But once I hit puberty, I started to notice that most of my buddies and their fathers also liked to watch her. And Mom likes to be noticed!

Mom's standard mode of dress is not the suburban jogging suit. Far from it! Mom likes to wear short skirts and tight blouses, and I don't think she even owns a pair of shoes without at least three inch heels. Mind you, she doesn't dress like a slut or anything like that. She just always dresses real pretty. She knows she looks good and dresses to accentuate, not hide it.

Once I became old enough to really notice and understand such things, about when I was thirteen or fourteen, I realized that Mom liked guys to notice her, because she liked guys. A lot! She likes to date and has for as long as I can remember, even before I understood it as dating. Then, one Friday night I discovered that she had had sex more than the two times it took to conceive my sister and me. When she went out, to "dinner" as I recall, I noticed that her left stocking had a run up the back. She was out the door before I could tell her, but later that night, when she came home, the run was on the back of the right leg! It didn't take me long to figure out that she must have taken her stockings off and then put them back on, which implied she had taken her clothes off, which implied she had been undressed with a man, which implied, well you get my drift.

The next weekend, when she went out to "dinner", I snooped around in her room after Sue went to bed. Boy did I get an eyeful! First, I discovered she didn't wear pantyhose, only stockings. In her nightstand I discovered a small oval case with little pills. When I checked the name in the school library's medical books I discovered they were birth control pills! I also found a pair of dildos, one of which vibrated, although I had no clue what they were, even though one was shaped just like a big dick. There were also a couple of dirty magazines, some "bodice-ripper" type books, and a few Frederick's type catalogs, which explained to me the purposes of some of her lingerie. I figured out her measurements by snooping in her closet and reading labels. It was really obvious that Mom had some real sexy clothes, and the birth control pills certainly seemed to say that Mom had a reason to be taking them!

Like I said, my Mom is a sexpot. She knows it and she doesn't mind men knowing it.

Don't get the wrong impression. My mother is not a slut. She didn't bring men home and fuck them in the house. She didn't have a different guy every night, in fact she seemed to prefer relatively long term relationships. She wasn't sleeping around every night and coming in at the crack of dawn. She came home at quite reasonable hours, didn't reek of cheap booze from bars, and most nights was home with Sue and me, checking homework religiously. When she went to work, she dressed pretty but professional, not sleazy. But most weekends she went out at least one night and got well laid.

Mom didn't really discuss this with us. Oh, she did joke to Sue once or twice that men were like busses, "One comes along every five minutes.", but other than those few times she kept it fairly low key. But the fact of the matter is that Mom likes the guys and the guys like Mom. When she did break up with a fellow, she didn't stay celibate long. And she seemed to feel that one marriage was more than sufficient.

I don't think Sue ever noticed. As for me, well I loved her and was smart enough to tell that she was doing a great job of raising us. If she wanted to have some fun, it was not for me to complain. She had had a tough time, which I could remember if Sue couldn't.

That describes Mom. As for Sue, just imagine a younger version of Mom. Same height, same build, same pretty face, same reddish-brown hair, same hazel eyes. At fifteen she was already a head-turner and a heart-breaker.

I'm told that I take after my father, who I don't remember. If so, I suppose the bastard was adequately decent enough to look at. I'm six-foot-even and weigh 180, and, at least before the accident, was in decent enough shape, although I came out of the coma barely 150 and as weak as a kitten. It's almost comical to stand with my Mom and Sue, since I tower over them. As for my looks, it's hard for me to say, since my tastes don't run to guys. I've never had problems finding girlfriends, and dogs don't go howling down the streets at my appearance. Let's just leave it at that.

The next few days were fairly boring. Sue came by after school and Mom came in after dinner. Larry stopped by and we joked for a while. He was incredibly apologetic, but it seemed to me like it was only a few days ago and couldn't really understand the concept of what had happened to me. I still have a problem with that. A reporter stopped by for a "human interest" story, which was kind of neat. Even neater was the next day, when a TV crew came by from a local station. Larry brought over Jake and Billy and we mugged it up for the camera. Jake's folks had taken a roll of film of the smashed car and I made the appropriate "Ooohs" and "Aahhs". I should have been hosed out of that thing. Larry sheepishly admitted that the cops had yanked his license.

"Shit, Larry, what do you care? Your old man grounded you for life, anyway!", laughed Billy.

"Shit, longer if he can get away with it.", he admitted.

I first noticed I had The Power a few days later, the day before they were to remove the cast. By then all the IVs had been pulled, leaving only the catheter still stuck into me, and I had been wheeled into another room, one with another patient waiting for a gall bladder operation. From the moment the door opened and I was wheeled in his mouth was in motion, and it never stopped.

"Hello there, young fellow, I'm Bob Sammiel, what's your name?"

"Paul Harron, how do you do..."

"Fine, just fine. Whatcha in for, broken leg? Never had one of them. Broke my arm once. Had a cast the size of Mount Rushmore on it. Let me tell you..." He just ran right on, never letting me get a word in edgewise. I didn't need to - he talked enough for an entire hospital.

Nothing could stop this guy. He had the remote for the TV set and flipped it to some damn soap opera. When he wasn't talking to me about this idiot show, he was talking back to the TV itself! "What she sees in him, I'll never understand..." When a news bulletin came on he started commenting on the news, "In my day a fellow like that..." After the news he flipped to a game show and started giving answers!

You couldn't shut this guy up! When I told him at one point in the afternoon that I was tired and was going to take a nap, he just said "Okay" and kept right on going! I pulled the pillow over my head to drown him out and eventually fell asleep. When I woke up, it was to the sound of Bob talking to himself.

{Jesus! Just shut up, will you, mister!}, I thought to myself - and he did! Just like that. I didn't think twice about it, but simply counted my blessings. Maybe he had finally run out of steam.

Surprisingly, he didn't say a word when the orderly brought dinner. Later that night, a nurse came by and took our temperatures and gave him a pill to swallow. When she asked him how he felt he kept quiet.

"Mister Sammiel, I asked how you felt? Mister Sammiel? Are you all right? Sir?"

She was starting to get worried, and I was thinking, {Well, answer her, you fucking idiot!}, and he did. He was off and running again, with a full head of steam and an empty track in front of him. Looking back on it, I suspect that was the longest he had been silent since some dumb bastard had taught him to talk, but at the time, I just figured he had his second wind. He kept it up the rest of the night, and I woke to those nasal tones the next morning.

I wanted to tell this guy to just SHUT THE FUCK UP but I was taught to be polite to my elders. But when the nurse came in to prep for my grand opening, and this clown was still yammering, I just had to think to myself, {Can't you people get this idiot out of here?}

She simply glanced over at him in the middle of his latest diatribe on Regis and Kathy Lee and left. A few minutes later she returned with a pair of orderlies. As they started to move his bed, she said, "Mr. Sammiel, we're going to be moving you down the hall to another room, closer to the OR."

Thank God! I kept my thoughts to myself (not even knowing what that would come to mean to me) and gave her a big smile. She smiled back and the orthopedic surgeon came in a few minutes later and removed the cast. Mom was there, watching, as he had me try to move my leg. I could move it, just barely, but with hardly any front-to-back motion. The doctor frowned, and reached down to try to help me move it, and I yelped as he bent it back at the knee. He kept frowning. Mom wanted to know what was wrong.

"Well, Mrs. Jones, Paul doesn't have as much movement to his leg as we would like to see. I'm not quite sure whether the problem is the damage from the accident, nerve problems, muscle problems, or post-surgery trauma. I am going to order up a full string of tests to see what we can determine."

And so began the wildest string of medical tests it has ever been my misfortune to endure! There were enough X-rays to irradiate lead, and MRI scans from head to toe. Those damn machines are noisy as hell and could give claustrophobia to a submariner! Of course, my favorite was the neurological tests. Stevings had learned his craft at the Marquis de Sade College of Medicine. The basic premise is that they stick needles in you, then plug them into the wall socket and measure how high you jump! If they don't think you've jumped high enough, they up the voltage until you jump higher. Great fun; I can't wait till Disney finds out and puts it in their 'Pirates of the Harvard Medical School' ride!

The only benefit to this that I could see was that the cast was off and I could go to the bathroom again, or so I thought. Now that I was conscious I could lose the giant diaper, but I still had the catheter and now had to use a bedpan. Very embarrassing. That night, when I needed to go, I buzzed the nurse and asked her to pull the catheter. I had thought of doing it myself, but didn't know how, and I really didn't want to screw up down there.

"Forget it!", she said. Nurse Cratchett pulled out a bedpan. "You're not getting up."

"Ma'am, I have been using that thing for a week now. It doesn't get better. I don't have a cast. I can go to the bathroom over there.", I said, pointing to the small stall near the door.

"No. You can't even walk. You'll break your fool neck and I am not hauling your butt back into bed. Now, get over it and let's get down to business."

This was beyond embarrassing, it was mortifying. I don't think I could have gone at all now that she was in my face. Feeling lower than I had ever felt in my life, I began to beg. Looking her straight in the eye, I just said, "Please, I'm begging you, I won't fall down, if I can't, I'll get right back here." {Please!!!}

A strange look came into her face, and she set the pan on the stand next to the bed. "Oh, all right.", she said gruffly. "I must be as big an idiot as you to do this." She pulled up my sheet and I could feel the catheter slide out. Next she dropped the side rail on the bed. Reaching out, she took my hands and helped me to a sitting position. I nearly passed out.

"This is insane.", she muttered. Between the two of us, I twisted around on the bed so my feet were dangling over the edge, with my right leg sort of sticking out. Positioning herself on my right side, she said, "Well, come on, put your arm over my shoulder. You're too big for me to carry. Otherwise, I am going to drag you by one leg, the bad one." It was a damned good thing I had lost the weight, because I was almost too weak to make it on my own, and she half carried me to the door. I was white-faced and sweating by the time I made that last painful drop into position.

"Thanks.", I said.

"Don't thank me. You fall off that thing and I'm going to let you die in there!"

As it was, once business was through, I couldn't stand to open the door. However, hospital bathrooms don't have locks, so she was able to help me up and back to bed.

"You are sweating like a pig, boy! Now get in bed and I'll give you a sponge bath. You argue and I'll use a Brillo pad."

I didn't argue. I was too tired.

So far, however, while I had used The Power four times, I didn't even know I was using it! I mean, maybe it was just luck, or being persuasive, or something. But I knew for sure two days later. By then, I had gained enough strength and coordination to use a walker for traveling at least a few feet and could get out of bed myself. I had even managed to talk the nurse into letting me use a special shower for people in walkers! By now I had my own bathrobe and pajamas from home and no longer could feel my ass hanging in the breeze. But that night, two days later, a new nurse came in to check me before I went to sleep (and to probably wake me up to give a sleeping pill, too), and this lady had the biggest tits I have ever seen! She was a tall blonde in her early thirties, and I couldn't believe she didn't topple forward. As she was leaving she asked if I needed anything.

{Yeah, show me your tits!}, I thought.

And damned if she didn't! Or almost anyway. She walked over to the side of the bed, with her back to the door, and reached up to the zipper on her tunic and started to pull it down. She had it below the level of her overfilled brassiere when the door opened and another nurse came in.

{Oh, SHIT!}

Ellen Radley, RN (that's what it said on her name tag) simply zipped back up like nothing had happened and left with her friend. But before she got away, I thought, {Tomorrow night!} She simply looked at me as she walked out the door and smiled.

Well, HOLY SHIT! Wow and double-wow. She was actually going to show me her tits, and all I had done was wish for her to do it! Now remember, at the time, I was sixteen and had never actually seen real live tits. Well, there was that date with Mary Smithy just before the accident, when we went parking and got into the back seat. I actually had my hand inside her blouse and bra and she had given me a hand job, but that was the sum total of my sexual experience at the time. I had never seen real live tits with the lights on, and I knew, I just knew, that I would have been able to touch them. HOLY SHIT!

All the next day I experimented, making doctors and nurses do stuff. Oh, nothing weird, just things like, {Scratch your left arm} or {Turn around.} And they would, too, scratch or turn. One dopey looking orderly I made jump up and down on one foot. Nobody seemed to think what they were doing was at all unusual. It was just so cool! I even made my Mom and sister do things.

But most important, I waited around for Ellen Radley, RN, to show up. I had an iron-hard hard-on all day. Then, shortly after dinner, the door to my room opened, and she came in. She came over to the bed, dressed in a white nurse's tunic, white pants, and those ugly white nurse shoes, and simply unzipped the tunic to the bottom. Underneath she had on a very large and lacy front-clasp bra (I had seen pictures in one of Mom's catalogs, so I knew what kind it was). Reaching between her breasts, she undid the clasp and her tits spilled free. I simply stared.

Now that I look back, I suppose that her breasts weren't all that great, just really big. They sagged pretty bad and I could see veins and stretch marks all over them. Since then I've had lots of women with even bigger breasts, young and firm, that stand up on their own, but at the time they seemed miraculous. My dick was making a tent out of the bedsheet as I asked, "Can I touch them?"

"Sure, Paul.", was all she said.

I twisted around in bed and reached out with both hands, grabbing and squeezing both. I was in heaven.

"Ow! Take it easy, Paul. That hurts!", Ellen complained.

I dropped them like hot potatoes and pulled back my hands. "Sorry. Uh, how should I touch them?", I asked.

"Gently, like you'd want me to touch your cock." I couldn't believe my ears! She'd said "cock"! Taking my hands in hers, she drew them to her chest and placed them on her breasts. "Now, slowly and gently, rub them all over, especially around the nipples. Like this." Ellen began to move my hands and fingers around her breasts. I could feel her nipples hardening to my touch, and a red flush was beginning to come over her neck and chest. "Ummm, that's nice, Paul.", she murmured as her eyes began drooping. I kept up my kneading of her breasts and nipples as she responded to my touch. Several minutes later, I was surprised when, with her eyes closed, she said, "Pinch my nipples, now, please, pinch them." I did as she asked and she gave a low, guttural moan and shook all over. I didn't know it then, but she had just had an orgasm!

When it was over, she stepped back slightly and my hands fell away. Ellen opened her eyes and looked down at me. "Thank you, Paul.", she said, and moved to get her clothes back on.

"Wait!", I squeaked out and thought. She stopped dead in her tracks.

"Yes?", she asked.

"Uh...", was all I said, but I was thinking, {Hand job}.

"Okay, Paul, sure.", said Ellen. She reached under the sheets and put her hand on my erect dick, which had worked its way out of the front of my PJs. At the first touch of her flesh to mine, I gave a groan and came. I had gotten so worked up getting her off that I simply exploded all over her hand. My face flushed in embarrassment and I stammered out an apology. I could feel my stick still pulsing, although it was simply dry spurting now, and my pajama bottoms were quite sticky.

"Don't worry Paul, it's all right. Here, I'll bet I can get you off again. Watch." So saying, Ellen Radley, RN, pulled the sheet down to my knees, so I could watch as she manipulated me to hardness a second time. It was fascinating - I didn't know whether to watch those tremendous tits swaying from side to side or to watch my soft dick rolling between her fingers. Within five minutes, my cock was stiff again, and she had switched to jacking me off, with my cum lubricating her hand. This was better than any time I had jacked off, for sure, and even better than having Mary Smithy jerk me off in the back of her Daddy's Buick. After another five minutes or so, I could feel myself getting close, then I gave another groan as I watched my cum spurt into the air and onto Ellen's left tit. WOW!

That was it for the night. She went to the bathroom and cleaned up, returning fully dressed with a washcloth. My crotch got a sponge bath and she left, saying she would be back tomorrow night. I slept great!

The next day was my last full day in the hospital, I was to be released the next morning. We had a giant pow-wow with Mom, the neurologist, the orthopedic surgeon, and even Sue sat in, though she had to keep quiet. The final diagnosis was in and it was sort of middling good.

The good news - aside from my right leg, I was basically back to normal. Physical therapy and exercise, and a decent diet, would get me back into good shape shortly, probably within a month or two.

The bad news - my right leg was probably never going to be fully normal again. I only had about 30% range of motion and some severe muscle, cartilage, and ligament damage to my knee. Even after physical therapy and exercise, I was going to be graduating from walker to crutches to cane, and stop there. I probably wouldn't have any serious pain or discomfort, unless I forced it, but I was almost certainly going to limp the rest of my life.

I was rather shocked, but Mom almost broke down. She started crying and hugging me, and it took us a good fifteen minutes to calm her down. "Listen, Mom,", I told her, "don't listen to these guys. I'm going to get better and get back to normal." I was talking into my mother's ear as she sobbed on my shoulder. I saw Williams, the orthopedics guy start to say something, but I gave him a hard look and thought, {Shut up!, I'll handle this.} I continued on, "I'm going to work out and go to therapy and eat my Wheaties and get better. You just watch, I'll race you around the block in no time." This might actually be possible, even with a cane, since I figured I could hide her one pair of sneakers and she'd never be able to run in three inch heels!

Mom stopped crying and looked up, light returning to her reddened eyes. "Okay, darling, whatever it takes." She smiled and said, "I'll hold you to that race."

The doctors explained what would be involved in the therapy - practice walking, exercising my leg, some weight training, and a lot of swimming, which was supposedly great all-over exercise. It would probably be painful, but I had to continue. I promised I would, since I had no intention of using crutches the rest of my life. I had broken my left ankle a couple of years ago and had found them a monumental pain in the ass.

Things got better, though. That night Ellen came back to my room a few hours after dinner. She immediately unzipped her tunic and undid her bra, but balked when I asked her to get undressed all the way. "Crandall, the night shift supervisor, will wonder where I am and come looking. She'll catch us for sure, and I'll be fired." She seemed fairly nervous as she unzipped her pants.

Before she could pull them down, I stopped her. "Get dressed and go find her, then bring her here. I'll explain it all to her." Ellen gave me a real weird look and seemed about to argue, but I simply thought, {Don't argue. Do it.}, and she did. About fifteen minutes later, the door opened and Ellen nervously brought Nurse Crandall in.

The door had barely closed when I looked at the head nurse and sent thoughts. {Forget you came in here. You are not worried where Ellen is. You won't come looking for her until she returns. Go back to work.} Crandall immediately turned and left.

Ellen looked at me in amazement, so I thought to her, {You will forget about her until you leave here. Do not worry about anybody coming in.} I knew that if anybody else came in, I could think at them and make them forget as well, so I wasn't worried at all.

Ellen promptly returned to my bedside, unzipping her tunic as she came. She placed this on a chair, and followed it with the bra. Her sagging tits swayed as she kicked off her shoes and unzipped her pants. She slid them off, along with her plain cotton panties, then sat on the bed next to me as she took off her white socks. Naked, she turned to face my, one leg sliding up onto the bed while the other dangled over the edge. I tilted the bed upright so I could get a good view of her.

It wasn't until many years later that I realized that other than her tits, which were huge but floppy, Ellen was only an average looking woman. Her muscle tone wasn't all that great, she had stretch marks on her belly and thighs, a bit of a pot belly, and a big ass. I was so naive that I didn't even know that pussy hair generally is the same color as the hair on a woman's head, even if it is often a different shade. Now I know she was a bottle blonde.

At the time, I thought she was the most beautiful creature put on God's green Earth, if simply for the fact that she was sitting on my bed, naked. She immediately twisted slightly and pulled the covers down. Tonight my dick was still inside my pajamas, which she unbuttoned and pulled down. My erection bounced up to point at the ceiling, and she promptly grasped it and started to fist me off. I guess I had learned some control the other night, since I didn't pop my rocks at the mere touch of her, but boy, did it feel good. I stared in fascination as her hand firmly but gently stroked up and down in a twisting motion for about ten minutes, my dick feeling better and better all the time, until I gave a quiet moan and slumped back in the bed, spurting my cum into the air.

What happened next surprised me. Ellen was sitting on my left side, and after I came I stretched my arms a bit. Just loosening up, I guess, when my left hand touched her right thigh. She smiled at me and shifted forwards on the bed. She spread her thighs wider and took my left hand in hers, pulling it down to her upper thigh. Shifting closer to me, she said, "Go ahead, touch my pussy, it's okay." Gingerly, I slid my hand up that smooth and creamy thigh until my fingertips barely touched her pubic hair and stopped, looking at her nervously. I had no clue what to do. I had never gotten this far with Mary Smithy, although I knew I was supposed to rub her cunt somehow.

Ellen said, "It's all right, I want you to. Here, watch." She reached between her legs with both hands, and I was fascinated to see her pull her pussy open and see the pink inside. Over the next five minutes I received an amazing lecture in anatomy unlike any I had ever had in Health class. If all classes were like this, there'd be a hell of a lot less confusion in the world. "Now, rub my clitoris with your finger." I extended my index finger and began to gently rub up and down on it, trying not to be as crude as last night with her tits.

Apparently my technique was more than adequate because Ellen responded almost immediately. Tonight she began to moan and squirm as soon as I started rubbing her clit, and her nipples hardened without my even touching. Encouraged, I began to rub it a bit faster and firmer, and she really began to move. Cupping her stupendous knockers, she began to rub and pinch her own nipples, while moaning lowly, "Yes ... yes ... yes..." It was only a few minutes later that she let go of her right breast and grabbed my left hand, forcing it into her snatch as she cried out, "Oh, God, I'm coming, I'm coming!", shaking and shuddering all over.

I must admit, I was vastly impressed by this display, so much so that I didn't even notice that my left hand was wet, covered with juices that had leaked from her pussy and smelled faintly pleasant. By now, I was fully erect again and Ellen began to give me another hand job. I stopped her. "Uh, Ellen, could you, uh..."

"What, Paul?", she asked, still gently stroking me.

"Uh, could you give me, uh, you know, uh, a blow job?"

"Sure thing, Paul, I'd love to.", she said. First however, she gave me another lecture, but it really wasn't necessary. I mean, the sex-ed books were a lot more understandable when you had your own plumbing right at hand, so to speak. "Have you ever had a blow job before, Paul?", she asked.

"Er, no.", I admitted.

"Well, that's all right. I'm sure you'll like it. But you're so big, I'm not sure that I can deep throat you."

Now I was confused. "What do you mean? I'm too big?" What, was my cock too big to have sex with? The universe's ultimate joke, the ability to get any woman I wanted and the inability to do anything with her!

She saw my fear and smiled. "No, Paul, you're just fine. You have a very nice cock. It's just that the average erection is about six inches long. You look closer to eight, maybe more."

"Does that mean I won't be able to, uh, you know, screw?", I blurted out.

She gave my dick a little jig. "No, honey, you'll do fine. What I mean is about the blow job. You're so big I probably won't be able to suck the whole thing into my mouth. Don't worry, I promise you'll enjoy this. Now just lay back and watch." So saying, she bent down and opened her mouth wide. At first she only took the head in, but after a few up and down strokes had about half my dick in her mouth.

If I had thought hand jobs were great, I was now in an entirely new level of bliss. Waves of pleasure literally ran down my cockshaft every time she lowered her head and took me in. On the outstroke she would suction me and I could feel my dickhead throb. Meanwhile, her tongue was swirling around the head, while her hands jacked me off and gently cupped my balls. Oh, my God! I had died and gone to heaven! Despite my previous orgasm, I came in less time than before, and stared between my legs as cum seeped around her lips and down my dick. Ellen didn't stop sucking my cum until I was completely dry, and then she licked off my cock and her hands.

Now, if I had been really smart, I would have had her climb on top and teach me how to fuck. But that blowjob just blew my mind. I finger fucked her a second time and got another blowjob before sending her back to work. By the time she had cleaned up and dressed in the small bathroom, I was snoozing.

I was wheeled out of the hospital about 10:00 the next morning, and most of the floor staff and both my doctors applauded as I came out. Williams had told me the night before that I would have been leaving anyway today. Once the cast was off, if I hadn't come out of the coma, I was to be moved to an extended care facility, sort of like on old folks home for the brain dead. Sounded real appealing.

Mom pulled up in her car and looked real fine in a short denim skirt, heels, and a short-sleeved blouse. I got to my feet by pulling myself up on the crutches and hobbled to the door she held open. I had been able to get enough exercise, simply walking back and forth down the hospital hallways, to have graduated from the walker. I collapsed into the seat and handed the crutches to Mom, who put them in the back seat, then came around and got in. We both waved to everybody and promised to come back and show them how I was doing.

We were at a stop light when I glanced over at my mother and noticed her skirt had risen up her legs slightly. Man, those legs looked good! I used The Power to send a subtle hint to let her skirt rise higher, much higher. Within moments, her right hand came down and tugged the hemline north. It was funny, since she acted like she didn't even know what she was doing, but simply kept her eyes on the road and maneuvered the car. I could see the tops of her stockings quite clearly, as well as the creamy flesh of her thighs above them. This was the life, I thought, being chauffeured around by a babe in a mini-skirt! I'd have to try this again.

My reverie was broken as we pulled into the driveway. Mom got out, her skirt falling back into place on its own, and she helped me out of the car. It took almost ten minutes for me to hobble inside and up the stairs to my bedroom, and when I was finished I was exhausted.

It was somewhat surreal to re-enter my house; it was almost like it was someone else's. Everything was there, but not quite in its proper place. I took me a bit to realize that my few days ago was actually almost four months. Stuff happens. The cookie jar gets moved. The shower curtain gets replaced. A lamp shade has faded. All the little stuff that you never notice swamped me all at once.

I collapsed on the bed and Mom told me later that she thought I had passed out until I started snoring. I woke in time for dinner, which she brought to me on a tray. She sat down in a chair and crossed her legs, which was a real treat. "Here's the plan. Starting tomorrow, you start physical therapy. You'll be going every afternoon from just after lunch till I can pick you up after work. I've worked this all out with the therapists and the school."

Shit! School! I had already missed almost all of September. Now I was going to have to hobble around on crutches and go to classes? This really sucked the big one!

Mom ignored my look of horror and continued. "As soon as you can, you'll be going back to school, at least for the mornings. The bus is going to stop here, just for you. At lunch, one of those handicapped mini-busses will take you from school to therapy, and I'll pick you up after therapy. See, I've got it all worked out!" She was insufferably pleased with herself.

Shit! I was so taken aback by this plan that I completely forgot my initial ideas. After seeing those great legs cross, I had planned to have her uncross them and spread them, and maybe even pop a few buttons on her blouse. I was still in shock when she stood and crossed the room, to kiss my cheek and leave.

I must admit, my thoughts were very confused that night, and well into the morning. Therapy sounded like it was going to be a real pain, yet I knew I had to go through with it if I was ever going to walk even close to normal. I had to go back to school, too, but my semester grades, and maybe even my yearly grades, were going to take a real hit because of my absences. That brought up the subject of college. I was a junior now, and most colleges accepted students based on their junior year grades. What would that mean to me?

And that brought up the $64,000 question. Was I going to college? Did I even need to? With my new powers, I could simply set myself up however I wanted - money would be no problem. I could simply think people into giving it to me. But was that what I wanted? Or should I use my new ability to be a do-gooder, making people do what I thought would be best for them? And who was to say that I knew what that would be? I fell asleep very late and didn't wake until Mom got me up for the therapy session.

Mind you, I still don't have the answers to all of these questions.
Chapter 2
Home - Top   Feedback to author



Home « rlfj's Page « The Power Index « Previous - Settings
Chapter 2
Posted: December 05, 2001 - 12:00:00 am
Updated: February 27, 2008 - 07:56:13 pm
?

Mom had taken a couple of days off work to get me situated and started in therapy. It didn't hit me until later just how much trouble I had caused her by getting hurt, even if it hadn't been my fault. She had lost a lot of days at work, including all of her vacation for the year, and even if her boss had been good about it, the extra days were days she wasn't getting paid. Later, after I was back on crutches, she took me to her office to show everybody Lazarus back from the dead, and I thought about using The Power to do something nasty to him, but couldn't. He was really just a nice fellow, stymied by policies he hadn't written, and trying to run a business. I thanked him for helping Mom out.

Beyond that, this was fairly expensive. While insurance covered most things, there were unbelievable delays at times, and some stuff simply wasn't covered. We had moved up in the world quite a ways from when I was a little kid, but the fact of the matter was that we were simply a working class family without much in the way of savings. This didn't help.

Therapy proved as bad as I had feared, at least for my right leg. Imagine being stretched on a rack, broken up by intervals of torture, and you have the best view of things. To be honest, though, the rest wasn't too bad. Lots of weight training, especially upper-body work, which I enjoyed, and swimming, which to an Eagle Scout with the Lifesaving merit badge, was a piece of cake. Still, it was very tiring, and I spent a lot of time in the sack afterwards.

I had been released on a Tuesday and started therapy the next day. By Friday I was strong and steady enough to start school the following week. I had decided to see how things went, finish my therapy and go back to high school at least, then see what I wanted to do. No reason to be ignorant, and frankly, the thought of staying ignorant soured my stomach. It would be the ultimate weakness. Besides, I had looked forward to eventually graduating from college and making something of myself, maybe even going into the Army. The accident had wiped that idea out, but there was still no reason I couldn't be a better man than my father, and I had vowed ages ago not to become like him.

That first week of school was kind of odd, though. Fumbling with my crutches, I was almost always late to classes, but none of the teachers said anything, and it was hard enough work that I usually slept in the mini-bus on the way to therapy. On the plus side, I was pretty much permanently out of gym class, and since that had been scheduled for the morning, I was able to jigger my schedule to swap in World History, which had been an afternoon class. This proved to be a pretty interesting course, and I had done very well in American History last year. The way the map changed, as ideas and technologies and peoples moved around was fascinating. I decided to take more courses when I could. Another plus was that Chemistry was still in the afternoon, so I missed it, and I didn't want to take it anyway.

One other thing that had changed was girls. The girls I had known the previous year all seemed just a little bit taller, a little bit bustier, and more mature. I had first noticed it in Sue, who was now a freshman, but I even noticed it in my classmates. I began to consider what to do about my unattached status.

Mary Smithy, the provider of my only pre-Power sexual experience, was out. She had pretty much dumped me after the accident and was going with a jock a year older than us who had promptly popped her cherry, which was quite a bit further than I had gotten. She was apologetic about dumping me while I was in the hospital, but I waved it off. Even at the time, I had realized that she wasn't going to be a long term relationship, and now I could have any woman I wanted. Not that I necessarily wanted to just go around and make women fuck me. That seemed rather sterile.

No, as soon as I was on my feet again, I wanted to find something a little more permanent. Someone I could care for and who would care for me.

Two weeks later, I was off the regular crutches and using some aluminum crutches, the kind that wrap around your arms. It looked like I would be off them in a few weeks and using canes, and my therapist was pleased with my response to therapy. Therapy sessions were now every other day, and I was thinking that my self-imposed celibacy should come to an end.

I knew who I wanted to end it with as well, Jenny Blackhawk. She had just transferred in this year and was absolutely gorgeous. The talk around school was that she was a full-blooded Sioux and she looked it. Tall for a girl, she was a just few inches shorter than me, slim yet curvy, long, long black hair which she wore in a pony-tail, and she didn't look red so much as well-tanned. The talk around school was also that she put out, and that she had just broken up with somebody and was back on the market.

I figured to put my plan in action at lunch, and it proved to be simplicity itself. I simply waited for her to grab lunch in the cafeteria, then sat down next across from her. {Stay! Be pleasant!}, I thought to her. "Hi, Jenny, mind if I sit down. I'm Paul Harron."

Jenny looked at me with a startled expression and said, "Uh, okay, I guess.", and looked questioningly at her girlfriends.

I thought to them as well. {Be pleasant. Leave us. Sit elsewhere.}

Heather Archer and Terri McBean smiled at Jenny and stood. "Guess you've got to talk to your new boyfriend.", said Terri. The pair giggled and walked to the other side of the cafeteria, despite Jenny's protests.

Turning back to face me, she said in a confused voice, "But they know I'm not your girlfriend. How weird. What did you want, anyway?"

"Why, just to eat lunch with the prettiest girl in the school, what else?", I told her, at which she blushed. "Besides, maybe I could be your boyfriend anyway. Are you seeing anybody else?" {Tell the truth. Be positive about me.}

She shrugged and shook her head. "No, not really. I was going with Bud Hargrove for a while, but it didn't work out."

"So, you see, there's nothing standing in your way, is there?" {You'd like to be my girlfriend.}

"Well, no, I guess not.", she said with a grin.

"Maybe you'd like to go out Friday night?", I asked. This part of the plan really wasn't thought out too well. I didn't have a license or a car.

"Uh, sure. I didn't have anything planned. What did you want to do?", she asked.

I kind of shrugged. "I don't know. My mobility is somewhat less than I'd like it to be."

Jenny asked what had happened and I gave her a brief synopsis. When I told her I couldn't drive, I really wasn't lying, since I didn't have a license, but I was going to have to rectify that somehow. Jenny offered to borrow her Mom's car, so we could go to the movies, and I agreed. When we compared class schedules, we discovered that we both had the last period free, and agreed to meet in the library, to "study".

"So, Jenny, have you ever, you know, gone all the way?", I whispered. {Be calm. Be truthful. Don't be shocked.} We were sitting in a carousel towards the back of the library, with nobody near us.

Jenny was still shocked, but not too much. "Paul! What kind of question is that?"

{You're my girlfriend. Be truthful.} "It's an honest question. I want to know just what kind of girlfriend I have. So, what's the answer?"

Jenny glanced around the library and lowered her head to mine, conspiratorially. Whispering even lower, she said, "Yes. Is that what you wanted to know?"

"Really? Tell me more." {Tell me everything.}

"Well, I started fooling around when I was thirteen, almost fourteen, and we were living in Denver. My boyfriend was about a year older than me and we would go over to his house after school to study. Actually, we were just necking, but that's what I told my Mom, anyway. So after a few weeks of just hugging and kissing, Bobby, that was his name, sort of brought his hands up and around to my front. By the time I figured out he was groping my tits he had stopped, so I didn't say anything." Jenny smiled proudly as she commented, "They weren't as nice as they are now, but I thought they were pretty good for thirteen, you know." She thrust out her chest as she said this, and I agreed that things looked fairly impressive.

"So anyway, the next afternoon, he started feeling up my tits almost from the start, and it felt so good I didn't make him stop. Even then I really liked it. We kept this up for the next few days before he went farther, and undid a few buttons on my blouse and slipped his hand inside. At first I was kinda nervous, but when he slipped his fingers inside my bra and played with my nipples, it just felt so good! Remember that. I really get off on having my tits and nipples played with!'

"No problem.", I said. "Tits and nipples are my specialty!", I whispered hoarsely. By now I had a cast iron boner that felt like it could drive nails!

"Well, the next day Bobby got right down to business. I mean, as soon as we lay down next to each other, he unbuttoned my shirt and reached around and popped my bra, then started licking and sucking my nips. I was in heaven! I didn't even know at first that he had his hand under my skirt until I felt him rubbing my pussy through my panties! I tried to make him stop, but it felt so good, and he was so much bigger than me, and in no time at all his hand was in my pants. I had my first clit orgasm that day.", she said proudly.

"Cool! So did you go all the way that day?", I asked.

Jenny shook her head no. "Uh, uh. After I got off, he unzipped his pants and pulled his cock out, but when he put my hand on it, he popped his cork, right then and there. I guess he was pretty excited, too. So for the next couple of weeks or so he'd finger me and I'd fist him off."

"And your parents never caught on?"

"Nah. My folks figured I was Miss Sweetness-and-Light, and his mother always worked late. I always got home before dinner."

"So when did you screw him?"

"Hold on, hold on, I'm getting there. We'd been fooling around like this for almost a month now, and he wanted me to go farther, to give him head. But I just kept telling him no. See, I was setting him up. I knew what a blowjob was because one of my girlfriends had some dirty magazines. But his birthday was coming up and I was going to surprise him. So the afternoon of his birthday, when we got to his house, I told him to lay down on the couch while I went to the bathroom. When I came out I was butt naked. So far we had never gotten completely dressed. I just walked over to the couch, unzipped his pants, pulled it out, and went down. He just went nuts - I mean, he came like three times! It was such a gas."

"Holy shit!", I exclaimed. "What about you? Did you like it, too?" I was curious.

"Oh, yeah. I used one hand on myself and got off a couple of times, too. Besides, I don't care what some girls say, cum tastes great. I love to give head. I love to get head, too.", she said with a wink.

"Well, I can't say as I've had lots of experience in that department.", I admitted, (Yeah, like none!), "But I promise to do my best. Scout's Honor!" I gave her the Scout Salute and grinned. "So what happened next?"

"Well, it was pretty much what you can imagine. I went down to Planned Parenthood and went on the Pill, and for my fourteenth birthday he popped my cherry. It was great!"

By now, our study hall was over and we had to hurry to get to our busses. As we split to go to our lockers, I bent down and gave her a quick kiss.

Jenny's face broke into a big grin. "Don't worry, Paul. I'm the perfect girlfriend. I love to fuck!"

I could hardly wait until Friday night. We had decided to go to the movies, then grab a snack. Then, "whatever". I was mightily distracted in class, especially when I had her tell me about fucking her various boyfriends. I almost immediately came to the conclusion that when Jenny liked a guy, she let him know it rapidly - like that night! I really had my hopes up for Friday.

I had told Mom that I had a date and she was pretty happy for me being able to get back into the swing of things, what with the crutches and all. That Friday after school I was fairly nervous. I must have changed clothes five times before dinner, and kept glancing at my watch all through the meal. Sue started in with "Paulie and Jenny sitting in a tree..." but I told her to put a sock in it and Mom told her to be still. Still, Mom had a grin throughout the meal and I could see her barely controlling her laughter every time I checked the time.

It was weird in way. Mom and I both had dates, and Sue was home on her own. Sue actually had to cook, since Mom was changing at the same time I was. Mom was wearing a halter-topped mini-dress and heels, and I just knew she was going to be doing the same things that Jenny had told me she was going to do to me!

Finally, we heard a horn beep and I bolted out the door to my family's laughter. The movie was okay, although I really don't remember it (something with Harrison Ford and a damsel in distress). When I later commented that I wasn't all that hungry, Jenny simply grinned. Since she was driving we couldn't really fool around, so I simply watched her as she drove us out of town and found a dirt road up in the hills. She looked very pretty, in an average date sort of way - tight blue jeans, satin blouse, sneakers. When she stopped the car she pulled a blanket out of the trunk and spread it out on the back seat, then helped me hobble around to the back seat and crawled in after me.

Now I know that the first time is supposed to be somewhat awkward, and I have occasionally found it so. Two bodies, neither really knowing the other, fumbling around trying to see how the pieces fit. Well, excuse me, but IT WAS FUCKING GREAT!!! Once we got started, I knew, simply knew, deep down in my bones, that this was something I wanted to do a lot of. LIKE ALL THE FUCKING TIME!!! It was simply GREAT!!!

We started out with Jenny sitting sideways on my lap, simply kissing and necking, but it wasn't very long before Jenny's hands began to roam over my chest and back. Taking this as a signal, I brought a hand up and cupped one of her tits through her blouse. She gave a low moan into my lips as I gently kneaded her pliant flesh through the thin satin. It took me only about two heartbeats to figure out that she wasn't wearing a bra. Well you don't have to hit me with a brick to wake me up! I figured any girl who let's you play with her braless tits on the first date is simply asking for it! I began to unbutton her blouse, and with about three buttons undone, slipped my hand inside.

God, but her tits were nice! Jenny didn't have the world's biggest breasts, I mean not like my mother or even my sister, but they were just incredibly firm. She told me later that she didn't have to wear a bra, and really liked going without one. And the nipples - so tiny and pointy. When my fingers touched one for the first time, she shuddered and moaned some more, and immediately began to unbutton my shirt.

I decided to cooperate with her plans. Pulling my hand out of her shirt I began to unbutton the bottom half of her blouse, but started to fumble around her waist. Jenny pulled back from kissing me and sat upright on my lap. Giggling, she said, "You need to practice this.", then unzipped her jeans and pulled out her shirttails and finished unbuttoning her blouse. I reached with both hands and began to teasingly swirl my fingertips around the exposed nipples and Jenny gave another brief shudder, this time closing her eyes and clasping my hands to her tits. Then her eyes opened and she said, "Get undressed."

"What?", I asked.

Jenny was already kicking off her sneakers. Looking at me, she said, "Hurry up. Take your clothes off. I have just got to fuck you!" Squirming madly on my lap, she worked those skin-tight jeans down off her ass and legs, pulling her panties off with them.

With only about half a brain functioning, I began to fumble at my shirt buttons, but was completely unable to take my eyes of my date. She was truly gorgeous, and I immediately realized that Ellen Radley was but a pale comparison to the hot and nubile girl on my lap. I had pretty much gotten my shirt undone, when Jenny attacked my pants, loosening my belt, popping the snap, and pulling down my zipper. Between the two of us we got my pants down my thighs to my knees, but things seemed to go awry at this point. In our hurry, neither of us had thought about my sneakers, and everything got a bit tangled. Jenny actually had to kneel on the floorboards and pull off my shoes and pants, one leg at a time, all the while giggling. Eventually I was left with only my briefs on, my cock acting as a tentpole, with Jenny kneeling on the blanket next to me, staring at my crotch in the moonlight.

Reaching over, she placed her hands on my hips and grasped my shorts at the sides. "Now let's see what we have here.", she said, and began tugging my undies down. I lifted my ass off the seat as she pulled them lowed. For sure, I thought, she was going to find the waist band caught on my cock, but I guess mine weren't the first briefs she had pulled off, because they came off very smoothly, and the next thing I knew we were sitting there, facing each other, buck naked.

"Oh, wow! What a nice big cock!", said Jenny, staring at my erection. She reached out and wrapped a delicate hand around the shaft and slowly began to stroke me.

Jesus! What was the problem with my dick?, I wondered. First Ellen and now Jenny had said my cock was big. Was that good or bad? Mind you, this thought went through my head for just a moment. Once Jenny started to stroke me, the only thoughts in my head were absolutely carnal. I placed one of my hands on Jenny's chest and moved the other between her legs. Jenny promptly obliged, spreading her knees wide, and I gingerly moved my middle finger into contact with her pussy.

It didn't take me long to determine that women differ. Where Ellen had been moist enough once I began to diddle her clit, Jenny was hot and wet, her entire cunt a mass of oily wet fur. Not that she was real hairy, mind you; a few days later I learned that she kept her pubes well trimmed. It was just that her patch was fairly dense. My finger burrowed between her cunt lips to the point where Ellen had shown me her clit was. The effect on Jenny was electric. Her hands stopped their cock stroking completely, her back arched, her eyes snapped shut, and a small shriek escaped her lips. However, she did not appear to be in any pain, so I kept up the foreplay. Kneeling beside me in that car, Jenny had her first Big O of the night.

After about half a minute, I eased up a bit and Jenny damn near collapsed onto me. "Oh my God that was great!!!", she exclaimed. "I have got to have some cock! Now, don't move." So saying, she crawled onto my lap, facing me, with her beautiful thighs straddling mine. She moved forward till our crotches were almost joined, then raised up on her knees. Steadying herself with her left hand on my left shoulder, she reached between us with her right hand. The next thing I knew she had firmly grabbed my dickshaft and positioned my cockhead at her furry little slit, then lowered her knees. In about ten seconds I was all the way into heaven, or her cunt, which was the same thing.

My first fuck was marvelously anticlimactic. That is to say it was both marvelous and anticlimactic. That it was marvelous goes without saying. Jenny's pussy was impossibly tight, yet incredibly wet and slippery. However, it felt so good that after only about a minute I could feel my nuts starting to churn. Gasping weakly, "No, no, not yet!", my dick exploded up into her and I sagged backwards into the cushions.

Jenny sank down onto me, my dick still inside her, with a slightly disappointed look. "I guess I got you kind of excited."

"Um, yeah, I mean, I don't know, um...", was about all I could stammer out.

A strange look came into her face. "What? You mean... ? Paul, were you a virgin?", she asked, wide-eyed.

I found it very hard to look at her, so I just muttered quietly, "Yeah, I guess so."

Jenny giggled. "You guess so?"

I looked at her sort of pissed. "Yeah, sort of. I've had a few hand jobs and even a couple of blow jobs, but I never, well, you know...", I said angrily. "I'm sorry if I disappointed you."

Jenny's eyes widened again, this time in shock. "No, no, no. I just didn't know. I've never popped a cherry before, that's all. It's all right, it's all right." She leaned into me and hugged me tightly, so I hugged her back, somewhat confused. Here I was arguing with a girl I've still got a limp dick inside of. Well, not exactly limp, but not exactly the Rock of Gibraltar either. I must be an idiot I thought, and began to rub her back.

"I'm sorry.", I said. "That was pretty mean and stupid of me."

"It's all right. You were just fine. Did you like it?"

I grinned. "Uh, yeah, actually I did, a lot. Um, can we do it again?"

Jenny leaned back so far her back was touching the front seat and began to laugh. "I should hope so!" I laughed too. Then she straightened up on my lap and said, "Now, you just sit there and let me do all the work."

Thus began one of the best fucks in my life. Jenny began to squeeze her pussy muscles around my semi-limp cock while she began to carefully bounce her knees slightly, raising herself on my hardening dick an inch or two, then sitting back down on it. Unwilling to be a spectator, I brought my hands up to her breasts and began rubbing and pinching the nipples. I remembered how she had told me she likes her tits and nipples played with, and Jenny really did. With a quiet moan, she began to bounce more rapidly, and her excitement translated directly to my cock, which had regained its prior hardness, although I seemed more able to control events. Jenny leaned into me and kissed me hard on the lips, snaking her tongue into my mouth.

We screwed like this a good fifteen minutes or so, as our excitement built. By the time I finally popped my cork a second time, Jenny had been moaning and whimpering with pleasure for several minutes, her body shuddering as her pussy spasmed around my cock. I came with her, grunting my relief, letting go of her breasts so I could grab her hips as I spurted upwards into her. If our first screw had been good but a bit disappointing, neither of us could complain about the second.

We got it on one more time that night. After our second fuck, Jenny and I untangled ourselves and reclined as best we could in the back seat, Jenny resting on my chest as I leaned against a door. Jenny was a very wet fuck, and as soon as she lifted off my lap, a seeming flood of juices cascaded down onto my balls. I found it very erotic when she grabbed her panties off the floor and wiped her cunt and my crotch with them, drying us off. We rested there like that, chatting quietly, as we recuperated. Finally, before the evening was over, my soldier was saluting again, so I began to kiss her breasts and finger her cunt some more. Jenny gave a contented sigh and we repositioned ourselves, somewhat awkwardly, with me on top, and we got it on once again.

An interesting thing though. It was a hell of a lot easier to get dressed by opening the doors and stepping outside. There is simply no easy way to get dressed in the back seat of a car and not look like you just got dressed in the back seat of a car!

Jenny drove me home just before midnight, and I was able to witness one of the most amazing things. We parked across the street from my house and she turned the ignition off, so that we were in the dark, then we started to hug and kiss some more before I had to go in.

Only about a minute later another car pulled up in front of my house. {Ignore them.}, I thought to Jenny. {Ignore us.}, I thought to the occupants, who I couldn't really see. Then the driver's side door opened and the other car's interior light went on and I could see the occupants.

It was my mother! Her date had driven her home just moments after my date had driven me home. The fellow got out of the car and walked around to let her out, then walked her to the door with an arm around her waist. From my position and how the cars were parked I could see everything perfectly. The most incredible scene unfolded.

I must have been pretty eager to get out of the house earlier to have essentially ignored my mother's outfit. I hadn't realized just how extreme it was. I knew it was a blue halter-topped mini-dress, but that only begins to describe it. It was essentially backless and I could see skin almost down to her ass. The skirt portion wasn't much more than a thin strip, it was so short. And her heels had to be four inches high, at the minimum. I just knew those shoes were designed to spend evenings pointed at the ceiling!

Once they got to the front door, where a light was still on, they embraced and started to kiss. Lover boy's hands were all over her back and butt, and Mom was on him like a cheap suit. Then it got really interesting! Slipping both hands down her ass, he pulled her skirt up and slipped a hand into the back of her panties. It was pulled high enough that I could see the tops of her really long stockings, and Mom almost melted into this guy's arms. He pulled his head away from her lips and said something to her. She smiled and stepped back from him. She then pulled the hem of her dress up and pushed her panties down off her hips. Wriggling slightly, she slid them down her legs, then lifted them with one foot. Taking them from the toe of her shoe, she handed them to him, kissed him again, and went inside. Lover boy twirled them in his hand briefly, then trotted to his car and drove off.

Wow! Mom wasn't simply sexually active, she was sexually hyperactive! I kissed Jenny one last time and went in a couple of minutes after Mom. She was in the kitchen drinking some iced tea and looking fantastic. She had a look that I have since come to realize means "well fucked" and had the sultry aroma of an aroused woman. More than anything else, she looked ready to hop back in the sack. I kissed her cheek and went to bed.

Don't get me wrong. I was not jealous, nor have I ever been jealous of my mother's or sister's partners. It simply doesn't seem to be in my nature. I love them both dearly and only hope they find as much joy and pleasure in the world as they can find. Things would get more interesting and complicated as time went on, but I have never once begrudged them a lover.

I remained celibate the rest of the weekend, since Jenny's family went somewhere Saturday and Sunday. On Monday, however, we made plans to go over to my house after school to "study". By now I was taking therapy Tuesdays, Thursdays, and Saturdays. Mom wouldn't get home until six or so, and Sue had cheerleader practice until almost then, so we had several uninterrupted hours to get to know each other.

What we lacked in the spice of illicit car sex, we gained in the comfort of home privacy. After giving Jenny the nickel tour of the place, she led the way upstairs and we went into my bedroom. I collapsed onto the bed and tossed aside the crutches as Jenny closed the bedroom door. She came over and sat down at my side and we kissed briefly, then as if by mutual agreement, we separated and undressed. Even though we were both wearing pretty much the same thing (jeans, pullover sweater, and loafers - I had socks) it took me longer, simply because I couldn't move my right leg very well. My right sock and pants leg took a bit of doing. Finally, naked, we simply looked each other over in the light of day, appreciating what couldn't be seen that Friday night in her back seat.

Lord, but she was lovely, so slim and pretty. As I gained in experience, my tastes shifted towards shorter, bustier women, but to this day Jenny still ranks up there on the Harron scale. She had the longest legs, tapering nicely towards heaven, an almost black thatch of triangularly trimmed hair. Slim hips and a "bubble-butt", a narrow waist. Lovely B-cup breasts sat high and proud on her ribcage, tipped by pointy little pale nipples. She had a classic Native American face, high cheekbones, thin nose, dark and somewhat Asian eyes, straight and almost black hair. And covering it all was her darkly complected skin, virtually flawless and unblemished, the only markings the surprisingly white tan lines of a bikini swimsuit.

Jenny stared at me as well, and seemed approving of what she saw. While I am not one to brag, I was in good shape and have strived to keep myself in decent shape since then. I had basically regained all the weight I had lost in the hospital, and the physical therapy and exercise had definitely hardened me, especially in the chest and arms. You need a fair amount of upper body strength to use crutches! My dick was pointing upward, and she seemed to eye that appreciatively, too.

After a few moments of simply looking at each other, Jenny stretched out on the single bed and I followed, lying sideways facing her. Slowly we began to kiss, reaching with our hands to touch and fondle whatever we could. In short order, Jenny had one hand on my johnson while the other held my face to her breasts. I however, was using both hands, one to gently finger her slit while the other rolled the nipple I wasn't sucking between thumb and forefinger. She began to murmur contentedly almost immediately, then as I kept up the pressure on her clitoris, her responses became more heated. Jenny's hips began to squirm all over the bed and her murmurs turned to moans. I knew she was starting to come. Releasing her right nipple from my lips, I straightened and began to French kiss her, while my wrist went into high gear in her crotch. Jenny went nuts, dropping my cock and wrapping both arms around my back, she began bucking her hips into my hand and screaming her orgasm into my lips. Finally I lessened my finger action and she quietly sagged back into the pillows, with half closed eyes and a contented smile.

"Oh, that was nice, Paul.", she said, opening her eyes to gaze lovingly at me. "It's hard to believe that you're, well...", she trailed off.

Grinning, I looked down and finished, "Inexperienced?"

"Yeah."

"Well, I've always been a fast study, especially in a subject I enjoy."

Jenny smiled and wriggled around on the bed, centering herself and spreading her legs. "Would you like another lesson?", she giggled.

In response, I knelt between her legs and stretched out above her, my erection aimed at her pussy. Remembering a line from a bad B-movie, I said, "Be gentle with me." Jenny laughed and reached down between us, to spread her cuntlips and guide me inside.

Jenny was gentle with me, and very educational, too. In retrospect, she was probably the best teacher I could have had, even if I had known any better. Since those days my tastes have matured and become more sophisticated, and like any lover, I have learned those little tricks that no sixteen year old knows. Jenny was simple and direct - she liked her sex without much pretense or preamble. There was little in the way of ritual or seduction; we simply took our clothes off and screwed. Jenny had decided years before that if she liked a boy enough to go out with him, she liked him enough to sleep with him.

Jenny enjoyed the basic positions, missionary and reverse missionary (girl on top), with only a few variations thrown in, like straddling me when on top. She enjoyed giving head and definitely enjoyed receiving head. The height of kinkiness for her was sixty-nine or doggy-style. However, in all fairness, she had the basics down pat and she was very enthusiastic! Whether we were making love or simply fucking our brains out, she was always up for an encore. Or I should say, if she could get me up for an encore, she was more than willing.

Years later, I ran across Jenny while shopping in a mall and we had lunch. While she looked older (well, so did I, for that matter) she was still gorgeous. Married and quite monogamous (I didn't use The Power to bed her, simply to quiz her), it was hard to believe that her slim and curvy frame had produced four children. Her husband had spent their honeymoon teaching her a number of new positions and tricks, and now she could give graduate level courses in screwing. I met him in fact, when he came into the mall to pick her up and found her dining with another man. I could see the worry in his face (he was shorter than her and a bit pudgy), but I simply introduced myself as an old high school flame, excused myself, kissed Jenny on the cheek, and told him, truthfully, that he was a very lucky fellow.

But that was years in the future. In the here and now, we simply screwed a lot. Our schedules were relatively complimentary; we were able to get together after school Mondays and Wednesdays, and dated most Friday and Saturday nights. It wasn't simply the sex, either. Jenny Blackhawk was simply a nice person to be around, with mutual friends and interests. Even if I hadn't used The Power, we might well have hooked up at some point. Mom definitely approved of her, and her parents, Professors of History at the University of Georgia, thought the world of me once they learned of my interest in history. Her father even gave me a couple of books he had written, one on the history of several of the Southeastern Indian tribes, and another, a well respected textbook, on the decline of the Native American in post-Columbian times.

That first afternoon, we fucked four times (ah, the powers of youth), twice with me on top, once with her straddling me, and then once more with me on top, and each time was absolutely fantastic! By the end of the afternoon, I had learned that size does matter, and that those few extra inches I possessed were very useful. I should specify that size only matters if the fellow is considerate and knows what to do with them, otherwise the girl definitely will not appreciate them. I was most content to let Jenny teach me what to do with those few extra inches (a total of nine inches - she measured me one day).

Jenny was a real moaner and sweater. By the time we were done, I had to strip the sheets from my bed and Jenny needed a fast shower. Fortunately we were all done and cleaned up by the time Sue and Mom came home and I walked Jenny to her place. I did have to use The Power on my mother for one thing, though. When Mom came home, she went to her room and changed clothes, then rejoined us. She gave us a quizzical look, sniffing the air, and I knew she could smell the aroma of sex upstairs. I simply thought, {Forget the smell!} In the future, I made sure to open a window whenever possible.
Chapter 3
Home - Top   Feedback to author



Home « rlfj's Page « The Power Index « Previous - Settings
Chapter 3
Posted: December 05, 2001 - 12:00:00 am
Updated: February 27, 2008 - 07:56:13 pm
?

Along around the beginning of November an astonishingly strange thing occurred, or at least it seemed strange at the time. It was Friday night and the only one going out on a date was Sue! Both Mom's and my dates came down with the flu, while Sue announced that she was going to her first high school dance. She was very excited, since this was to be her first 'date' date. Mom had said no dating until sixteen, but had relented so that we could date once we got to high school, and my sister had been asked to go by a fellow in his junior year. Bobby Pritzer was a thin-as-a-rail pimply computer geek, but what the hey, it was her love life.

He was picking her up about eight or so, so after nervously trying things on in her room, she called Mom and me in and asked, "So, how do I look?"

Mom didn't say anything right away, and I kind of simply stared. I guess I wasn't too tactful when I replied, "You're wearing that?"

Sue got real red and demanded, "What's wrong with what I'm wearing?"

Sue was dressed quite casually, but not what I like a woman to wear on a date. Her baggy black blue jeans did not cover the fact that her shoes were black Doc Martens and her oversized red sweater had a really wide neck, so that it tended to sag off one shoulder, exposing a plain white bra. "Nothing.", I said, "if you want to hang out at the mall with your friends. I thought you were going out to a dance."

"Mom!", she screamed.

Mom looked at me disapprovingly, but before she could say anything I used The Power. {Work on her.}, I thought to my mother. {Dress her up in something pretty and sexy. Lose this get-up.} To Sue I thought, {Listen to Mom. Cool down.}

"Now dear, I really think your brother, in his cruel and tactless fashion, has a point. This should be a big night, so maybe we can find something in my closet for you. I'll just bet we're close enough in size that I have a nice dress for you." Mom took Sue by the elbow and began propelling her down the hall to her room. I tagged along.

"A dress!? But I don't have time to get all dressed up. Bobby'll be here in fifteen minutes!", Sue complained.

"What's his number?", I asked. Sue stared for a second, then told me. "Watch and learn."

Going to Mom's bedside table I picked up the phone and called the Pritzer's. Bobby answered. "Bobby, Paul Harron, how you doing? Listen, my sister asked me to call, she's running a bit late, she needs you to come over a half hour late ... No, no problem, she's just getting all dolled up ... I am not bullshitting you Bobby ... Yes, she's going to look like a million bucks ... Now listen Bobby, I would suggest you wear something decent, you know, a suit or jacket, and a real shirt with a real tie ... Fuck you too my friend ... So what if I'm lying to you. What's the worst that could happen, you take off the jacket and tie. But if I'm telling the truth and you look skanky and she's gorgeous, you look like the asshole that you are ... Same to you ... See you at eight-thirty ... Bye." I turned back to my family and said, "There, problem solved. And you, sweet sister mine, are now obligated to get dressed up."

Sue looked daggers at me and Mom told me she didn't like my language, but she said it with a smile. I grabbed my cane (I had just graduated to a single cane) and wandered down the hall. I was downstairs when the doorbell rang, right on the dot at eight-thirty, and opened it as Mom came down the stairs. I let Bobby Pritzer in and was pleased that he had dressed up as well as his geekiness allowed. At least he had on a shirt, tie, and jacket.

"Hi, Bobby, Sue is still getting ready.", said Mom. Looking up the stairs, she called out, "Sue, Bobby's here."

Around half a minute later, Sue made her entrance down the stairs, and Bobby's jaw hit the floor. Literally! He was standing there goggle-eyed with his mouth wide open. My sister looked outstanding! Mom had loaned her a dress, which while conservative for Mom, was a far cry from what Sue normally wore. It was a dark brown print, calf length, with buttons from the hem to the waist up the front. About two-thirds were unbuttoned, showing her legs to several inches above the knee. Above the waist, it had a pair of wide, sort of like, straps, which wrapped around to the back and were tied in a bow, letting a woman tighten it to give a very figure flattering look. The neck-line was quite broad and circular, showing a trace of cleavage, and showed almost all of her shoulders. Mom had even loaned Sue a pair of low (for Mom!) two inch high heels. Sue had balked at makeup, but Mom had brushed out her hair, and she glowed in a wholesome manner. No doubt, she was a showstopper, and would probably be the belle of the ball.

Sue seemed delighted by the effect her appearance made and milked it for all it was worth, even twirling once at the foot of the stairs. "Well, how do I look?", she asked.

Reaching out, I tapped Bobby's chin, and he closed his mouth. Coming out of his trance, he simply said, "Wow!", to which Mom and I laughed loudly.

"Offer the lady your arm, doofus.", I said. Bobby gave me a dirty look, but then smiled at Sue and cocked his arm out and she slipped her arm through with a grin. Then Mom gave Sue a kiss on the cheek and we sent them out. As they went down the steps, I called out, "Now Bobby, make sure you pay lots of attention to your date tonight, 'cause if you don't, about twenty other guys will!" Both Mom and Sue laughed at that.

Mom and I stood in the doorway watching, Mom leaning against me, while I had an arm around her shoulder, as they got in his car and drove off. Finally Mom looked up at me and laughed. "Well, Pa, our little girl is growing up."

I laughed too as I closed the door, then followed Mom back upstairs. She went down the hall to her room and I followed, to see her picking dresses off her bed and putting them back on hangers. I leaned against the door.

"I'm surprised, Mom. There is no way she could wear a bra with that dress."

Mom looked over at me but kept cleaning up. "Sure, she could, if it was a strapless bra."

"Sue owns a strapless bra?", I asked incredulously.

Mom smiled and picked up a pair of scissors. "She does now."

I laughed. "You couldn't lend her one of yours?"

"Paul, we're not quite the same size, yet, although if she keeps growing up, I suppose we will be someday soon. I guess I'll have to take her out and teach her about lingerie soon."

"Buy her some new underwear, huh?"

"It's not quite the same thing, Paul."

"So what's the difference." {Tell me. Show me.} I was starting to get fairly turned on by where this conversation was going. Let's see where it could take us.

Mom hung the last dress in her closet and turned to face me. "Well, underwear you wear for yourself, lingerie you wear for someone else."

"Oh?"

"Uh, huh." She held up one of Sue's plain white bras. "This is underwear." Dropping the bra on the bed, she grabbed the hem of her blue tank top. "And this is lingerie." So saying she whisked the tank top over her head and stood facing me in a small blue underwired brassiere. It was cut exceedingly low and was so transparent her nipples were visible through it. The overall effect was to lift her full breasts and present them for viewing (or whatever!) as if on a platter.

"That's very interesting.", I said. "Does that come with a counterpart?", I asked, as my gaze dropped down past her narrow waist and deep belly button to her cut-off shorts.

In response Mom simply undid her waist button on the shorts and lowered the zipper. Pushing them down off her hips, she let them slide down her legs and stepped out of them. Her panties were part of a matching set, blue, quite small, and very transparent, although they seemed opaque enough to hide her pubic bush, which I couldn't see. "See, this is not what you could call underwear.", she said. "Now, get out of here while I get dressed."

I straightened up without taking my eyes off of her. "Don't change on my account. I like seeing beautiful women running around in their unmentionables."

Mom smiled at the compliment. "Shoo."

As I turned and left, I smiled back. Silently I used The Power to tell her that I liked seeing her in lingerie, and that she should wear it often in my presence.

By mid-December, I was stuck at home. Sue was at a girlfriend's house for a combination birthday party-sleepover and Mom was on a date. I was dateless again, for the simple reason that Jenny and I had broken up. I had not used The Power to force her to be with me, only to make her my girlfriend. Well, boyfriends and girlfriends usually break up at some point, and so had we. In truth, Jenny had always had a bit of a roving eye and had begun flirting with a senior. And for my part, I had been dabbling on the side anyway.

My dalliances were at the gym where I worked out three times a week. I was no longer in therapy but it was recommended that I continue to exercise, so I had joined a health club. On my third visit, I had noticed a good-looking middle-aged woman, forty or so, watching my progress closely, almost as if she was interested in me. As she passed by me, which she did several times, I sent out a thought, {Answer me. Like what you see?}

"Yes.", she verbalized.

{Let's get acquainted.} "Hi, I'm Paul Harron.", I said.

The lady stuck out her hand, "Sherry Lanst. How do you do?"

{If you want me, let's go somewhere and get it on.}

Sherry had a puzzled look on her face for a moment, as if she was coming to a decision. Then she came closer to me and lowered her voice. "Paul, don't be offended, but I find you very arousing. Would you like to come over to my place for coffee, or whatever?", she asked.

Wow, talk about arousing! My dick, bent over inside my jock strap, tried unsuccessfully to rip through my shorts! "Sherry, I am not in the least offended. Why don't we clean up and I'll meet you in the lobby in fifteen minutes." We separated, whereupon I took the fastest shower in history, during the longest fifteen minutes of my life. Truth be told, we got to the lobby within a minute of each other.

"Follow me in your car. I live about ten minutes from here.", she said.

Sherry lived in a suburb on the west side of town and it was easy enough to follow behind her. I parked on the street and went up the walk to the door which she had left slightly open. I pushed it open and went in, closing it behind me. The first thing I noticed was her sweater, which was laying on the floor where she had thrown it.

"I'm up here." She called out.

I picked up the sweater and went upstairs, picking up a T-shirt and a bra that I found on the stairs and in the hallway. As I entered her bedroom I saw that she was sitting on the bed, kicking off her shoes and tugging off her jeans. Standing, she pushed them and her panties together down her legs. Naked she lounged back on her bed and said, "Well, don't just stand there, get undressed." I got undressed. We never took our eyes off each other. My cock was fully erect by the time I had my briefs off.

Sherry may have been older than my mother, but she was still a fine looking woman. A medium-height, medium-build bottle blonde, she had nice legs, firm breasts, a slim waist, and a triangularly trimmed brown bush. With much anticipation I crawled onto the bed and stretched out next to her.

We immediately began to kiss and stroke each other's sides. As soon as I begin to fondle her breasts, she reached between us to stroke my cockshaft, whereupon I promptly moved a hand down to her crotch to finger her clit, while licking and sucking the breast I had abandoned. She was quite wet and began to jack on me so that I began to worry I was going to pop off in her hand when Sherry shuddered and came. Releasing me, she raised her arms above her head and reveled in the sensations emanating from her crotch. As she came down, she began to stroke me again, leaning in to lick my neck and upper chest. I lay there on my back, stroking her sides as she began to give me a hand job, then I lightly pressured her shoulders to tell her to move her head downstairs. Taking the hint, Sherry kissed and licked her way to my dick, which she gently took into her mouth.

Within a few minutes, my ladyfriend had a nice bobbing and sucking action going on in my groin, and I decided to return the favor. "Swing your ass up here. I think you need a mustache ride.", I said.

Sherry stopped her fellatio and looked up at me and giggled. "Really? What, sixty-nine?", she asked. I nodded and she repositioned herself, straddling my face and gently lowering her pussy to my lips. After my first few licks, she said, "God that feels good! My husband never wants to eat my pussy.", then lowered her own face back to my dick. Husband? Oh, well, hopefully he wouldn't come home any time soon, and if he did, I would have to use The Power to make him forget.

Sherry's hubby may not have liked giving head, but I suspected he enjoyed getting it, because Sherry was fairly talented. He was probably also smaller than me, since she never took more than about half my length in, but boy that half got a real treat. Her tongue was doing a dance all over my cockhead, while she continued to bob up and down, all the while with the suction of a vacuum cleaner. It was all I could do to concentrate on licking her clitoris, and much too soon I cried out, "Oh, God, I'm coming!" Sherry simply stopped bobbing, leaving the tip of my cock in her mouth and she sucked and swallowed my come.

Untangling ourselves, Sherry stretched out by my side again, gently fondling my flaccid penis and kissed me. I could taste myself on her lips, a not unpleasant taste, but one which gave me a somewhat homophobic feeling nonetheless. We talked while she fondled me to hardness once again. Her only daughter was away at college and Frank, her husband, was out of town on a business trip, so nobody would disturb our interlude. We could fuck as long as we wanted. Apparently, they both had frequent little affairs.

As soon as I was rigid again, Sherry climbed atop me and sank down on my manhood. Not too tight, not too loose, just right! I placed my hands on her hips to gently guide her motions as she began to slowly bounce on my cock. For her part, Sherry began to pinch and twist her pert little pink nipples. As I brought my thumbs around to her front to rub her clitoris, Sherry began to moan with pleasure. Her shudders got us both off a little too soon, and she stretched out on top of me, with my cock inside her, and nuzzled.

For our next act, Sherry got on her knees and I positioned myself behind her for a nice doggy style fuck. I had sunk in to the hilt and we were bucking against each other quite spiritedly when we separated just a bit too much and my dick popped out of her cunt. On the in stroke, my cockhead butted against her asshole.

"Wait, honey.", she said. She scrambled over to her nightstand and pulled a drawer open. Reaching in, she pulled out a small tube and handed it to me. "Use this first, please." Sherry moved back into position, spreading her legs wide and lowering her face to the covers, raising her ass even higher in the air.

The tube was KY jelly; Sherry mistook our movements for an initiation of anal sex! Well, I was game, if ignorant. "Uh, you sure? I've never...", I said.

Sherry looked back over her shoulder at me with a big smile. "Really? Frank and I just love to assfuck. It's just so naughty!" So saying she led me through the basics, squirting some out onto her anus, gently poking some up her asshole with a finger, and spreading some more on my cock. When we were prepared, she leaned back down to the bed and relaxed her ass. "Now, just put the tip in and give me a chance to get used to it. Don't rush. Once it's in, I'll open up some more and then we can fuck our brains out. Just go slow and things will be just fine."

"Okay, you're the expert."

It took me a good minute to force my cockhead into the little brown pucker and I damn near pulled out when she gave a semi-pained grunt on my entrance. "Okay", she said through gritted teeth, "now slowly start sliding it in deeper."

I began to carefully comply, both concerned for her and in awe of the intense tightness of her ass. "Are you all right?", I asked.

Sherry let out a long breath as I sank home. "Oh, God, yeah. It's just that you're so much bigger than Frank. I've never had a bigger dick in my ass. Oh, it feels so good. Now, fuck me, fuck me!"

Well, you don't have to hit me with a rock to get me to go along. She wanted it, she got it! I slowly pulled my dick backwards until only the tip was still inside, then pushed it back in until my balls were swinging against her pussy lips. Sherry moaned in appreciation, so I repeated the procedure at a faster pace. Good Lord but she felt good. I stared down at the little brown ring, stretched to seeming bursting around my erection, and reveled in the sensation traveling the length of my cock. This was simply fantastic! I shoved back in faster and Sherry had her first anal orgasm of our session, crying out in ecstasy. She came twice more before I couldn't stand the pleasure and grunted loudly, collapsing onto her back as my cock twitched and spasmed, my balls pumping a major load of come into her entrails.

Once we came down off our high and disentangled, I realized I had given her a load in every orifice and I was fairly wiped out. I needed to get home. Looking down at my shit stained dick I was mildly revolted and asked to use the shower. Sherry sleepily nodded and stretched out on the bed. Gathering my clothes I retreated to her bathroom for a good shower.

When I came out, I found Sherry sitting on the toilet, with a short terry bathrobe on. I began to think of a going away present, but continued to dress. By the time I was all tucked in, she cleaned herself and stood. Taking me by the hand, she led me back downstairs. Stopping at the mirrored buffet, she drew me to her and kissed me long and sweetly. "That was simply super, Paul. Maybe sometime we can do this again." I doubted her sincerity, but not that she had enjoyed herself. Looking down at her cleavage, quite visible through the fairly open top of her robe, I smiled. Placing my hands on her waist, I turned her to face the mirror. Unzipping quickly, I pushed my pants far enough down to expose my hardon, then pushed between her legs and entered her from the rear. Gasping with pleasure, Sherry stripped off her robe and watched me fuck her from the rear in the mirror. This was a short and vigorous screw. When I was done, I simply pulled my pants back up, kissed her and left her standing there, panting and well-fucked.

And so I developed a very successful, non-coercive, technique for getting laid. Simply use The Power to let women get past their inhibitions. If they wanted me, simply come and get me. Forget the kids, the hubby, the neighbors. Forget age differences or social status. Forget everything. If you want to fuck me, ask me. It is astonishing just how successful this is. Women often look at men and wonder just how he would be in bed, but for all the reasons above, and more, don't act on it. I let them. If you want to fuck me, I'm up for you, and you won't have any regrets afterwards.

Sherry was only the first of many one-night (or one-afternoon) stands with now liberated women. I screwed other women from the gym, some older, some not, a few cheerleaders, a store clerk or two. One time I liberated a gorgeous blonde college student who ignored me and went to the bathroom, so I used The Power on her brunette friend. Was I ever surprised when the blonde came out of the bathroom and walked up to me and propositioned me, right after her friend had! They took me back to their dorm and both did me. Then there was the spectacular 52-year-old socialite, a silver-haired widow and grand-mother, who walked up to me in the mall one evening and announced her intention to take me back to her home and use me for her pleasure, leaving me nothing but "a dried husk" in the morning. I called Mom and said I was spending the night at a friend's (I was, so to speak) and left with her, to be damned near a dried husk by lunchtime the next day.

So, anyway, there I was on a Saturday night by myself around the house. I was wearing sweatpants and an old bathrobe, reading a magazine and watching TV when I heard the front door open. Mom came in, to the tune of clicking high heels and a muttered, "That rat bastard!", and then she slammed the door shut. It was fairly early in the evening.

"Mom? What's wrong?" {Tell me.}

Mom stormed into the living room. She was dressed quite nicely, Heels, stockings, a rather short skirt, dark green bustier under a jacket which pinched in at the waist, emphasizing the considerable cleavage she was showing. "That dirty rat Frank Harris is what's wrong! That's the last time I ever go out with him, let me tell you!"

"What happened? Cool down."

"Let me change out of this and I'll tell you.", she said, heading upstairs. While she changed, I put down my magazine and straightened up the living room a bit. Not that it was a mess, but Mom wasn't in a good mood, so 'Be Prepared'.

Mom came back down in a few minutes in an interesting ensemble I had seen a few times. Since that night when Sue had her date and I had thought to Mom to wear lingerie more often around the house, Mom often went around more informally. It was no longer unusual to see Mom puttering around with only a lacy bra and shorts, bra and panty sets, or negligees. I found this most stimulating and approved whole-heartedly. After Mom had lost her date clothes, she had slipped into a short chemise and robe set, with fluffy high-heeled slippers. She looked pretty good. Crossing the living room to the kitchen, she returned with a glass of white wine.

"So, what happened?", I asked. {Tell me everything.}

"That bastard Frank - he's married!", she exclaimed.

"Oh, ho. That would be a problem.", I said.

Mom downed about half her wine. "That's not the problem. It's that he lied to me about it.", she said.

I must have looked rather surprised at this. Marriage was not the problem? Mom sipped some more wine and smiled at me. "Really, Paul, being married is not that big a deal. I mean, you know I've dated regularly for years. I've dated married men before, or at least separated men. That's no big deal, as long as we're both open about our marital status. But he lied to me about it. He told me they were separated."

Okay, I thought slowly. "So how did you find out? Did she run across the two of you at dinner or something?"

"In a manner of speaking. We were in the bar over at the Holiday Inn, having a few drinks. Frank had already gotten a key for a room, and we were simply relaxing. We had been seeing each other for a few weeks. Well, we were getting comfortable when he signals a blonde over at the bar and she comes over to us and sits down. He introduces her to me as his wife, Marjorie, and wants to know if I would be interested in a three-way with them! Of all the nerve.", said Mom, as she finished her wine. She stood to refill her glass.

Holy shit! This idiot lied to my Mom and then proposed an orgy!? Mom came back from the kitchen and settled down into an armchair, crossing those beauteous legs nicely. My mouth must have been hanging open caused she looked funny at me.

"A three-way?", I asked, not sure I had heard her correctly.

Mom simply tossed this off. "Oh, that's nothing. I've done those before. It was the fact that he lied to me about his wife. If he had simply told me ahead of time that he was auditioning potential partners, maybe I wouldn't have gotten pissed."

Well, you could have knocked me over with a feather. My mother had just told me she got into bisexual sex! Mom finished off her second glass of wine and went out to the kitchen for a third. On the trip back, she caught her heel on the rug and spilled it on her outfit.

"Oh, shit!", she exclaimed. "Now I'll have to change."

"Maybe it's only the robe.", I said. "Take it off and I'll put it in the sink to soak." Mom undid the waist sash and removed the robe to hand to me. I took it from her and pushed her towards the couch. "Now, sit down, relax, and cool off." Mom looked REALLY good, in a very short chemise, cut very high on the hips (no panties possible!) and quite low in the front, the satin barely covering her nipples and held up by only the thinnest of straps. She sat down and crossed her legs sensuously. I tossed the robe in the sink with some cold water and detergent and refilled her glass.

When I came back, I handed her the glass and sat back down in my original spot, now next to her, to her left. She still seemed tense so I used The Power. {Relax. Calm down. Cool off.} I stretched both arms along the back of the couch and Mom immediately relaxed, leaning against me, snuggling into my chest. Surprised, I glanced down at Mom. The hem of her chemise barely covered the vee of her legs, and I could easily see the outlines and even the upper curves of her nipples at her neckline. Holy shit, but did she look hot! Leaning into me, she sipped her wine as a new movie came on the cable channel.

It being late on a Saturday night, the movie was definitely risqué, a hard R rating. Lots of tits-and-ass, considerable full frontal nudity, lots of simulated sex. If anything, I was somewhat embarrassed, but I seemed stuck now, with Mom nestling under my arm. I fought my mounting erection only to discover her left hand lightly scratching along my right thigh! Looking down, I saw my own mother was lightly rubbing her hand along my thigh. She had slumped down slightly and her right strap had come down her shoulder, fully exposing a magnificently large breast. Her tits were quite sizable, sagging only slightly, and her nipples, both of which I could plainly see, were fully erect, very wide and extended. Best of all, her chemise had slid up her thighs and her pudenda was fully exposed. The reason I could see no shadow of pubic hair through her panties was now obvious - she had none! Her pussy was shaved as bald as a baby's behind!

Wow! Apparently my thoughts to her to relax had worked all too well. When my mother was dressed in a nightie, lounging next to a man on a couch, she relaxed by getting him turned on. And probably by fucking him silly, too! My half-erection went to full power, causing my cock to act as a tentpole in my sweatpants.

Mom seemed not to realize the man she was arousing was her own son, and she moved her left hand higher, gingerly touching me through my pants. Then she stiffened, jerking her hand off of me, straightening up and looking at me with shocked concern. She was on the verge of saying something when I reacted as well.

{It's all right. It's all right!} Silently I reached out with my left hand and gently placed it back on the tentpole. Instinctively she grasped it through the loose cloth. {Everything's fine. It's all right. Go ahead.}

A slight shudder went through my mother's shoulders and she began to slowly fist my dick through my pants. Left-handed, I untied the knot holding them around my waist. Mom almost immediately pulled the waist band down below cock level and my cock sprang out of its confinement, pointing at the ceiling. Mom gasped quietly as she saw my above-average size, "Oh my!", and wrapping her left hand around it, began to slowly jerk me off.

I was in heaven! My stunningly beautiful mother was seated next to me, giving the best hand job of my life. Her hand was velvety smooth and my hips began an involuntary thrusting, driving my cock into her hand. After a couple of minutes a small bead of pre-come appeared at the tip of my cockhead. I reached down with my left forefinger and wiped the drop up, holding my finger up to her lips. As she looked me in the eyes, her lips opened and I placed the tip of my forefinger in her mouth. Her eyes closed sensuously and she began sucking on the tip of my finger, all the while keeping up her hand job. I groaned with pleasure and as she pulled her head back, she opened her eyes and gave a shy smile. Looking down, she could see the steady flow of pre-come pulsing from my manhood, coating the tip and trickling down to her fingers. Bending her head down, she lowered her face to my crotch, and opening her mouth wide, took me between her lips.

"Oh, God, that feels good.", I whispered. Mom began to slowly bob her face on my dick, licking and sucking the tip. "Don't stop ... don't stop ... do me, Mom, do me ... oh, that's good ... more, more...", I whimpered quietly. By now, Mom had kicked off her slippers and was half-kneeling on the couch as she sucked me off. Her chemise had risen to her waist, affording me a great view of a pair of globularly perfect asscheeks, and the top had dropped down her arms so that she was half-naked. As my right hand stroked her lower back and ass, my left hand gently twined through her hair. Taking this as a sign of approval, Mom began to take me deeper into her mouth, and in another three or four strokes I was amazed to feel the head of my cock gently butting against the back of her throat. Wow, deep-throat! This was my first experience at this, and I loved it. Mom continued to suck, and I could feel my balls tightening as I was driven to orgasm.

"Oh, yeah, Mom, that's it ... keep sucking ... I'm going to come ... oh, God ... I'm coming, I'm coming...", I called out weakly as I felt the pulse of jism rising through my erection. Amazingly, Mom didn't draw back, but pushed my cock in even deeper as I jetted into her, continuing to suck and swallow as I blasted shot after shot down her throat. Finally, my dick stopped pumping and Mom moved to sit up.

I gently pressed her smiling face back into my lap. "No, keep going. Get me hard again.", I asked. Mom quietly complied, licking my entire groin area, my cock and my balls, and my upper thighs, now spread wide. Then, as I began to feel my cock stirring to life again, she took my semi-flaccidness back into her mouth and began sucking again. In moments I was erect enough to fill her mouth and go a second round.

I gently tugged on Mom's shoulders and she pulled off my dick, waving wetly in the air, and knelt next to me with a smile. Grinning, I grabbed her by the waist and lifted her onto my lap, facing me, and Mom knelt to straddle me. Pulling her towards me, I lifted her onto my cock, and firmly pushed her pussy onto my hardness.

Well, I figured, I can die now, 'cause I've surely seen heaven! Mom slowly sank down onto my turgid dick with a low moan of pleasure. I pulled the chemise off her head and tossed it aside, to see her bounce on my cock in all her glory. Her shoulder length red hair bounced in curls around her angelic face. Her breasts were simply stupendous, full and firm, yet soft to the touch, with the most sensitive nipples, a dark coral in color, with areolas almost two inches wide, and jutting out almost another inch. Her waist was so narrow I could almost circumnavigate it with my hands, and her navel was a deep jewel. Below, I could see her clit prominent above my thrusting cock, framed by her shaved pubic lips. She was well shaved (well, she had gone out tonight with the idea of getting fucked, after all!) and nowhere on her belly, hips, legs, or tits did I see a single stretch mark.

Mom was very tight, yet very well lubricated, so we slid together easily. Most important of all, Mom was easily aroused and highly orgasmic. Almost from the moment she sank down fully on me, she began to moan and cry out with pleasure. She was very vocal, telling me repeatedly that she was coming, almost non-stop. I was very happy with this, since I wanted our first fuck to be a great fuck. As Mom bounced on my hard dick, her cunt began to almost spasm around my cock, tugging and pulling at it as she rose on her knees and dropped back down to rub her clit against me. My left hand rode on her hip as she bounced, while my right reached up to cup her breasts and bring them to my lips. Mom began to cry out even louder as I suckled her nipples in succession, thrusting them at me as she ground her cunt into my crotch. She was practically screaming in pleasure by the time I felt my second coming spurting upwards towards the womb I was born from.

She collapsed into my chest as we came down, my dick slowly dropping from her cunt with a small rush of our mixed come. Crawling off my lap, she smiled and said, "Let's go to bed, honey." Grinning, I pulled up my pants and picked up her discarded clothing and slippers. Hand in hand we went upstairs.

We got very little sleep that night. Once in her bedroom, Mom lay back on her cushions, her hands above her head and her legs spread wide as I stripped my clothes off. Seeing her glorious beauty spread out before me, I was erect again by the time I was undressed. Seeing my hardon, she giggled, and said, "Paul, I have an idea. Why don't you get on top of me and put your dick in my pussy. If you move it around fast enough, I bet we'll both enjoy it." Laughing, I got on the bed and did just that, a long, vigorous, sweaty fuck.

Afterwards, we took a shower together in her cramped and small shower. I was too pooped to fuck her there (not to mention that without heels, Mom is almost too short to screw standing up), but I pulled the massage shower head off its bracket and held it to her cunt. Mom came in a screaming orgasm as the frothy remains of our passion washed out of her pussy. Barely toweled off, we retired to an extended session of sixty-nine, then went to sleep. Sort of. A few hours later I was awakened by a dream of an incredible blowjob, only to find Mom sucking me to stiffness, then mounting me. Later on, I stirred awake, pressed spoon fashion against my mother's ass, so I took her that way, from behind, as she was half asleep but fully aroused. Daybreak found us fucking once more, and we screwed again before separating, Mom to dress and collect Sue, me to clean up the mess.

She kissed me as she left the house, not a motherly kiss, but a lover's kiss. "This could be complicated.", she said. "We have to behave around your sister."

"So we take it one day at a time. This just sort of happened. I don't want to mess things up. I love you, and not just as a lover.", I said.

"I love you, too, Paul.", she said, rubbing her hand along my chin. "And I want to keep going out, to see other men, too. Can you understand that?"

"Sure. I plan on seeing other girls, as well. But I'll always be here for you, and not just as your wonderful Eagle Scout son. If you want, maybe some nights after Sue goes to sleep, if you feel like it, we might get together again."

Mom smiled and nodded and left to get my sister.
Chapter 4
Home - Top   Feedback to author


Home « rlfj's Page « The Power Index « Previous - Settings
Chapter 4
Posted: December 05, 2001 - 12:00:00 am
Updated: February 27, 2008 - 07:56:13 pm
?

Nothing much happened between us for a few days, then Tuesday night Mom and I managed to get together again. It was evening and the three of us were just puttering around in the living room. Sue was working on homework while watching television, Mom was doing something or other in the kitchen, and I was reading on the couch, not really paying attention to the TV. At nine Mom came out and told Sue it was time to go to bed, and though she grumbled, she left and went upstairs.

The rule in the house was that as you got older, you could stay up later. At fourteen you could stay up till 9:00, at fifteen, 10:00, and by sixteen and older, 11:00. This was on school days; on weekends and holidays, you could stay up till whenever you wanted. Sue hated this, complaining that I could stay up later, but we basically ignored her, and Mom was tough.

About ten-thirty or so, Mom finished what she was doing in the kitchen and came out into the living room. She was wearing a long velour robe, cinched tight about her waist, that covered her from neck to toes. Sitting down next to me, she asked what I was reading.

Placing my finger between the pages, I flipped the cover shut and showed her. "The Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire, by Gibbon.", I said. I flipped it open again.

Mom seemed impressed. Crossing her legs so that a knee showed, she said, "Wow! That's pretty big. I've never read it. Any good?" She re-crossed her legs and this time a few inches of thigh were exposed.

"Um, yeah, actually it is. I don't know just how accurate he is, I mean, the forward says that a lot of what he writes is disputed, but it's just so well written. I mean it's just beautiful prose." I gave her a wry smile. I didn't want to sound like some intellectual, but the writing is really just that, beautiful prose, not simply a history book. In some ways it reminds me of Shakespeare, which I had just been exposed to in English class. I glanced over and gave a shy smile.

What I saw made me put my bookmark back in and set the book aside. Mom had shifted her legs once again, and most of her great legs were exposed. In addition, the belt of her robe had loosened, and more than a bit of cleavage could be seen. Things looked like they might get interesting, and all apologies to the pursuit of history, man does not live by books alone. But I was surprised by Mom's next comment.

She gave me a sad and distant look. "You're so much like your father, and so different, too."

Huh?! "My father! What's he got to do with me?"

"Oh, just thinking. You look so much like him." Mom gently touched my cheek, then lightly ran a finger across my mustache. "You are the spitting image of him, even to the mustache."

I must have looked like I would staring at a cobra in the living room. "Christ on a crutch! I'm going to shave the damned thing off!", I told her.

"No, honey, leave it alone. It looks good." Smiling, she said, "Besides, your daddy was a most attractive man. He was tall and strong and handsome, just like his son turned out. It's not your fault you look like him. You'd have to change more than the way you shave to change that." Then she grinned and patted my zipper briefly. "You've got something else in common with him too, honey."

My eyes widened but I didn't pursue the subject. "But I am different, right? I mean, I swear to God I don't want to turn out like that bastard."

She gently shook her head 'No'. Pointing at my book on the end table, she said, "The only things I ever saw him read were 'Guns and Ammo' and 'Car and Driver'. He liked stuff with large pictures and small words."

"So how did you ever end up with a loser like him?", I asked. Mom got a pained look and I apologized.

"No, it's all right, it was just a very painful time then. I guess I wanted somebody sort of dangerous, a bad boy. Your grandparents both warned me, but no, I knew I was smarter." She went on for a few minutes more, describing him. Then she looked at me curiously. "Paul, you wouldn't know your father from Adam. Why so vehemently angry about him?"

"That's just it Mom, I don't know my father from Adam. If I knew he was walking down the street, I'd cross over just to stay away. How could any man just walk away from his wife and kids? And how could any red-blooded man walk away from you?" I said the last after looking Mom up and down. Her robe had loosened enough so that by now I could see that she wore nothing underneath it, although her crotch and most of her breasts were still hidden.

Mom blushed. "Enough about him. You're the man in my life tonight."

Oh, ho! "Really? What about Sue?", I asked, putting my arm around her shoulders as she snuggled against me.

Mom responded by unzipping my pants and undoing my belt. Pushing them down, she exposed my hardening cock, and wrapped a hand around it. "I checked on her before I came in, and she's asleep. If we're quiet, she'll never know." So saying she began to slowly stroke me.

For my part, I reached over and undid her belt, then spread her robe apart. As she lounged back into me in glorious nudity, I reached out and with both hands, one around her shoulders and moving down, began to slowly rub her already stiff nipples. Mom murmured contentedly and closed her eyes blissfully, as we masturbated each other slowly.

After a few minutes like this, I tried moving Mom into a position where I could finger her clit, but we both ended up on the floor. I was about to make a comment, but she put a finger to my lips and whispered, "Ssshhh". Standing, she spread a comforter out in front of the television, then reclined on it. I crawled down beside her and she slowly undressed me, slipping her robe off as she went. Then as she finished pulling my pants and shorts off, she licked my legs up to my thighs, then took me in her mouth.

"Oh, that's it. Suck me, Mom. Do me, make me come.", I whispered. My mother began to go to town on my dick. Maybe she had thought of this as simply foreplay, but I wanted more and she wanted to take care of me. She shifted position slightly, swinging her body around so that her pussy gaped pinkly at me. Reaching over, I placed a hand on her cunt and began to rub her crotch. In response she spread her thighs, propping one upwards, and I began to vigorously finger her clit and probe her cunt. She really liked this, because in no time at all, I could here her start moaning around my cock as she deep-throated me.

Then she surprised me. Pulling her mouth away from my cock, to my immediate protest, she stuck her middle finger in her mouth. Pulling it wetly out, she promptly took me in deep again while sticking her now lubricated digit on my asshole. Then she slowly but firmly pressed it through my anal sphincter and began to massage my ass from the inside. Oh my God! Collapsing backwards, I gave up all thought of Mom's cunt as my balls exploded. My hips went into overdrive, facefucking her upwards as I whimpered in orgasm.

Mom sucked down every iota of jism. Then, after wiping her finger on her robe, she crawled up next to me and lay down beside me. She hugged me as my breathing returned to normal, then whispered, "I never did that for your father."

I snorted. "Yeah? Well, did he eat pussy?"

Grinning, Mom said, "No."

Pushing Mom down on her back, I handed her my shirt. "Yeah, well, bite down on this, 'cause otherwise you'll wake the neighbors." So saying, I lay down between her legs and put every lesson every woman had ever taught me about cuntsucking to use. Mom's clit was promisingly inviting as he peeked from between her bare cunt lips. I licked, I nibbled, I kissed, I slurped, I probed into her with my tongue, but most importantly, I sucked that little ruby red gem. Mom was thrashing beneath me but I never let up. At one point I glanced up between her breasts to see her frenziedly screaming into the shirt sleeve tucked into her mouth. Mom was getting off almost nonstop by the time I delivered the coup de grace. Sticking the right middle finger into her cunt to wet it, I slowly inserted it full length into her asshole, then began high speed clit licking. She damn near took off like a rocket, thrashing her legs about madly, so much so that I thought she was having a seizure. Worried, I removed my finger and lifted my come soaked face and knelt. "Are you all right?"

Mom had a dazed look as she focused on me and spat out my ruined shirt. "Sweet Jesus, honey, where the hell did you learn that?!", she asked. "You are tremendous! I haven't come like that in a long, long time." I grinned but didn't answer. Mom rolled over and knelt, presenting her rear to me. "Now, stick that thing in my pussy and fuck me."

A good boy always obeys his mother. Kneeling, I took my cock in my left hand, and as my right steadied her, guided it between her thighs. As soon as the head had entered the slippery channel, Mom lunged back and buried me with a groan. Looking back over her shoulder, she whispered, "Fuck me hard and fuck me fast!", then grabbed my shirt and stuck it in her mouth again. I began to pump feverishly into her cunt as she moaned and squealed into the remains of my shirt. Jesus but did she have a hot and tight slit! And juicy! Long before my balls tightened and let loose a torrent, her juice was running down both our thighs. Finally I cut loose with a loud groan and collapsed on top of her back. Mom fell to the floor also, and I followed, to lay atop her, my hips pounding into her backside, my dick spasming out a major load.

Afterwards, we were both totally wiped out. I had to laugh when Mom told me it was past my bedtime.

By now I had a few bucks, and most importantly, a car. I didn't have to rely on my dates driving me around. It seemed rather strange at first.

While I was still in the hospital, but before I had come around, the insurance companies started getting involved big time. There was health insurance (mine through the school and Mom's from work), car insurance (Larry's and the truck's), and even some life insurance. I remember commenting on it to Mom once that everybody seemed to be suing everybody else. Fortunately, nobody had a clue how to sue me, since I just happened to be along for the ride, but I had no doubt this problem would soon be rectified. Certainly the lawyers involved seemed to find that my survival was a major inconvenience in the path to truly lucrative settlements. I simply wanted it to all go away.

So nobody was more surprised than I was to find a lawyer knocking on the door one night with a check in hand. He was in the seeming position of being selected by several of the insurers of negotiating an inclusive settlement by me and Mom. He had the most insulting manner of being both suppliant and condescending at the same time.

Finally I had to use The Power to get this ass out of the house. {Go to the bathroom.}, I thought to Mom. After she excused herself, I turned to the lawyer. {How much can we get? Bottom line.} The figure he was mentioning promptly went from $10,000 to $25,000. When Mom came downstairs, we signed the papers and sent this clown on his merry way.

Mom refused to take a penny, and I found myself with 25K in cash (no taxes, either!)

So I bought a car. I had been taking driver's ed classes in school (a special dispensation for handicapped students put me to the head of the line) so I was ready. Mom drove me to three different car lots, where I used the same technique. Think Mom into the can, then use The Power on the salesman. {Best used car. Best price.} By the end of the day I followed Mom home in a cream puff three-year-old Taurus for less than ten grand, even after taxes, plates, and an unbelievably high insurance cost.

Later on, when talking to Mom about the rest of the money she suggested I put it in the stock market. She was hoping I would use it for college. Stocks, of course, would be much too risky, so she suggested mutual funds. That evening, her most recent boyfriend, a stockbroker, came by to try and sign me up.

He seemed nice enough, but I felt like locking my wallet up anyway. So I used The Power to get information out of him. He explained how the market worked, and how I would do better by mutual funds than by investing in blue chips, and even better yet, by investing in some growth stocks like high-tech companies. Then he mentioned, almost as an aside, that real money could be made with stock options.

"What are options?", I asked.

He answered and I was truly handed the keys to the candy store, or more literally, the bank vault. Here's how it all works.

Suppose you invest $5,000 in Acme Widget Company's stock, 100 shares at $50 apiece. Now say that the stock rises to $60. You've made $1,000, a nice piece of change. But stock options are like betting not on the stock itself, but on the change in the stock price; you don't own Acme Widget stock at all. If those stock options cost $2, and you invest the full $5,000, and then the stock climbs to $60, you have hit the mother load. You don't make $1,000, no, you have quintupled your money, to $25,000, because the options are now worth $10. Do this a few times in a row, and you are talking some truly impressive loot.

Mind you, this all has a high degree of risk. If you own the stock itself and Acme Widget drops to $40, you still have $4,000 worth of stock. The options, however, are now worth bupkus, and you are out the whole 5K. This is not for the faint of heart.

Things can get even more complicated. You can sell stock short, which gambles that the stock will decline. Put options will do the same thing by way of options. You can even borrow money from the brokerage to buy even more shares or options. This is called buying on margin, and if Acme Widget tanks you are really up shit creek then. The upside is great though. The trick is being able to read the future and know which way a stock is headed. Call it right and you retire to Easy Street.

But how do you call it right? Even with The Power I can't see the future. I can't really read minds. I certainly can't make a stock move up or down. Yet there exists a class of people who can read the future of a stock, and their pronouncements have been known to move the market. This class of people, who are paid fantastic sums of money by their brokerage houses for their abilities, are known as stock analysts. They do nothing but live and breathe specific industries and even specific companies, often knowing more about what will happen than the people at the companies involved. All I had to do was have some of these people let me know which way the Acme Widgets of the world were going to move.

Mind you, this did not all come together in my mind at once. I parked the cash in a mutual fund for a couple of weeks while I read a few issues of Fortune and Business Week. Then I pounced.

One limit to The Power is that I have to be in normal communication with somebody to use it. I mean, if I've never met you, I can't just think something and make you do it. However, if I can get you on the phone, it sort of creates a wavelength that I can transmit over. I had discovered this by accident when I dialed a wrong number once. After apologizing, I gave it a shot, and had a most bizarre conversation with the woman on the other end. I made her admit that she was home alone with her husband and had her put him on the phone as well. It turned out they had a speakerphone, so they were able to put the phone down to talk to me. This proved handy, since while I was talking to them, I had them undress and engage in anal sex with each other. I think they enjoyed it, but heaven knows I did! Anyway, once I get somebody on the line, I have a hook into them.

Mom's broker led me to his boss, who led me to a regional manager, who led me to a New York VP. All I wanted to talk to was a few chosen high-tech stock analysts. The VP put me on the phone to several, and I was home free. I used The Power to have them call me with their best bets, and parlayed that leftover cash northwards.

Is this legal? Ethical? I'm still not sure. Certainly I hurt no one, and the overall stock market is too big for any shenanigans of mine to affect it. Is this insider trading? Maybe, but don't be so sure, the legal precedents are not at all clear. I was never too worried, since I could always use The Power to send any inquisitive SEC types packing. I tried not to get crazy, and kept my "winnings" small and diverse.

It wasn't risk free. I learned the benefits of diversification after losing almost everything when a corporate acquisition bombed at the last minute. But overall, you can't argue with the results. By the end of the school year, I had well over $100,000 in the brokerage account, and that was after expenses. By Christmas of my senior year it was a half-million-plus, again after some hefty expenses, and I had split my funds into two piles, a "safe" pile that I let sit in blue chips, and a "risky" pile that I bought options with. The "safe" money I used as my bank account. The "risky" money made me a multimillionaire by the time I graduated from college.

It was roughly a month later that a small family crisis erupted. Sue had been dating on a regular basis by now, but had been playing the field, usually a different guy each time. She was simply having the normal fun of a teenager with a little freedom, not wanting to get tied down, and a little scared of going too far anyway. Mom approved of not hooking up with a steady boyfriend right away. For her part, Sue didn't have any problems finding guys interested in taking her to the movies. It's not like there's an overwhelming abundance of pretty and petite red-headed cheerleaders with big tits.

It seemed as if she was starting to get sweet on one particular fellow, though, a senior several years older than her. He was on the football team and had his own car, a new Mercury, and a somewhat unsavory reputation, but you can't tell women these things. Sue was intent on getting hurt, and I dreaded to think of Mom's history repeating itself.

So one Friday night in mid-January I found myself home alone, since both the women in the household were out on dates. Then the phone rang about eleven or so.

"Is this the home of Sue Harron?", asked a gruff baritone.

"Yes, but she's out now.", I responded innocently.

"Can I speak to her parents, please.?"

"Mom's not home now. Who is this?", I asked. What was going on?

The voice didn't respond directly. "When will your parents be home?"

By now I was beginning to get alarmed. {Talk to me!} "Who is this?"

"I'm Sergeant McEvoy of the Atlanta police department, 14th precinct. When will Mr. or Mrs. Harron be home?"

Thoroughly worried, I took charge. "There is no Mr. Harron. I'm Paul Harron, Sue's brother. Our mother is out right now. Is Sue all right? Is she hurt?"

Thankfully, he said, "No, she's fine. We've picked her up and we need your mother to come down and take her home."

"I'll be down in a few minutes.", I said, hanging up so he couldn't ask again about Mom. The phone started ringing again almost immediately, but I ignored it. Grabbing my jacket, wallet, and cane, I hustled out to my car and went down to the police station.

The station was fairly quiet, and I was able to walk right up to the glass partition. A bored patrolman wanted to know who I was. "I'm Paul Harron. You have my sister here and I want to take her home." {Let me in!} The patrolman buzzed me through the door and I entered, looking around for my sister.

Before I could do anything stupid, I saw her sitting in a small office to one side. While she was crying, she didn't look hurt and she wasn't wearing handcuffs. She didn't see me, but a burly cop behind a counter did. "Who are you?", he asked.

I turned to face him and found myself facing Sgt. McEvoy, as told by his name tag. Pulling out my wallet, I showed him my driver's license and said, "I'm Paul Harron. My sister's over there and I've come to pick her up. What's going on, anyway?"

McEvoy scanned my license and handed it back. "Where's your mom. I can't turn her over to you, I need a parent."

"It's like I told you on the phone, she's out. I'm what you got. Now what happened to Sue?" {Tell me!} I was beginning to get a little ticked.

McEvoy glanced over at my sister crying, then motioned me down to the far end of the counter. Lowering his voice, he leaned in towards me and said, "We're not really sure. A patrol car found her walking down a deserted road about an hour ago, crying her eyes out. She won't say too much, but apparently she was on a date..." At this he looked at me for confirmation, so I nodded. " ... and he dumped her along the side of the road. I had a policewoman try to talk to her, but she really clammed up. She refuses to go to the hospital."

At this, I straightened up and shot a penetrating glare at the cop. "What?!"

Lowering his voice almost to a whisper, he said, "Rape. Or at least to find out if there was a rape. We just don't know. Personally, I really doubt it. No cuts, no scrapes, no bruises, no torn clothes." He shook his head. "Doesn't add up to rape to me. No, what I think happened is that Romeo was expecting more than what Juliet was prepared to offer. When your sister didn't put out, he put her out - on the street! But she won't talk to us. That's why I wanted to get your mother. Maybe another woman ... I don't know." He shrugged.

"I don't even know when Mom's coming home tonight. Look, let me talk to her. If it was rape, we can take her to the hospital. Otherwise, I'll take her home, okay?" {Agree!!!}

Just then a detective type stuck his head out of a different office. Pointing his thumb at Sue, he asked, "Her mother here yet?"

McEvoy pointed at me. "No, but I got her brother. About the best I could do."

The new cop looked at me and said, "Okay, let's talk."

I nodded, but said, "Give me five minutes with my sister and I'll be in." He nodded and I went to Sue.

Seeing me in the doorway set Sue off on a fresh crying jag, but I used The Power to calm her and make her tell me what happened. It was pretty much what the desk sergeant had guessed. A little worse, though. Before he had kicked her out of the car, he had bitched her out for getting him all worked up for nothing, then had pulled out his johnson and jacked off on her. A drying stain and the smell of fresh semen on her pants confirmed this. Jackie Malloy, her date, was really pissing me off.

I calmed her some more then went searching for the detective. McEvoy led me to his office where the new guy introduced himself as Captain Brenn, the night shift commander. Despite his brusqueness, he was a fairly caring fellow. He first comments were whether Sue was okay or not. I assured him she was fine, and that it was simply a date gone bad. I gave him his name and he turned to a computer. Entering the name and address he looked at the screen, then turned back to me.

"Well, there's nothing on this character in the system. I don't know that there's anything you or your sister can do anyway. You might as well take her home."

I protested, "That's not fair. It's not right! Can't you arrest him for something?" {Punish!} was pulsing through my mind.

Brenn stared at me briefly. "Just what the fuck do you expect us to arrest him for, attempted statutory rape? That isn't a crime, that's fucking routine! Shit." Then he rubbed his hands over his face tiredly. Straightening up, he yelled out the door. "McEvoy!" The sergeant appeared at the door and looked in blankly. "Who's around here for lawyers? I want a DA and a public defender."

McEvoy disappeared and came back around five minutes later with a large and heavily bearded man. "I got the public defender, but all the assistant DAs are down at night court. Won't have one for another hour or so."

Brenn nodded. "Stick around, Mack. Have a seat, Harry. I got a problem." Pointing at me, he said, "Junior's sister out there went out on a date and didn't come across, whereupon the late-night Lothario dumped her out on the roadside. It's a quiet night, and I have in mind some payback, but I need some help. Especially yours, Harry, so don't give me any grief."

The lawyer stuck his head out the door and looked at Sue. "Cute. But what's that got to do with me?"

"Here's the plan, and don't interrupt until I'm done." Looking at McEvoy, he said, "Mack, you take a couple of squad cars over to this clown's home. Lights, sirens, the whole ball of wax. Roust him out and bring him down here. Don't let his parents get in the car with him. But I want you to fuck up. Get a confession before you read him his rights, an illegal search of his room, whatever. Be creative. I want you to give a perfect excuse for the esteemed counselor to be able to get this whole thing thrown out of here."

Turning to face the public defender, the captain continued. "You, Harry, will let this asshole stew for a bit, then 'convince' the DA to let him skate. I'll handle the DA myself."

"What about the kid's own lawyer?", asked Harry.

"What, at two in the morning? The only lawyer this kid's parents know handles real estate. Five'll get you ten he won't even know how to get here anyway. If it looks like he's going to show up sooner, you go into your act sooner. Meanwhile, everybody and their brother reads this kid and his folks the riot act. Okay with you guys?"

Looking around the room, I saw McEvoy and the lawyer grinning and nodding. Brenn looked at me last. "Okay with you, bub?"

"Yeah, I suppose."

"Well, good, 'cause that's about as much righteous indignation as the populace of Atlanta is going to be able to afford tonight. My budget for civic uproar is running low." Then he shrugged and continued, "Hell, maybe we get lucky - he'll be eighteen and I'll get his name in the Police Blotter in the paper. But that's about it. Now take your sister home."

I thanked everybody and climbed to my feet. Brenn had one last comment for me, though. "And listen, kid. This is the end of it, understand. You leave it alone. If I find out you went after this guy, tonight's party will seem like an afternoon tea, you get me?", he said, shaking an index finger at me.

"Yes, sir." I hobbled out to where Sue was. Helping her into her coat, I walked her out to my car with my arm around her, and drove her home.

Surprisingly, Mom was home by the time we got there. She had already changed into a shiny black peignoir set and looked at us quizzically as we came in the front door, glancing at the clock on the mantle. It was after 1:00. I gave her the fast and dirty explanation, then pushed them upstairs as Sue began to cry again. I brushed my teeth and went to bed.

I had just gotten to sleep when I felt a hand shaking my shoulder. Cracking an eye open, I found my mother standing next to my bed, my desk lamp turned on. I shook myself alive and moved over on the bed, and Mom sat down on the edge.

"I just wanted to say thank you, Paul. You really handled that well."

"How's Sue doing?", I asked.

"She'll be all right. I gave her some of that cough syrup with codeine in it to help her sleep. She's simply exhausted, the poor thing. Thank God you were able to go and get her. How could that bastard do that to her!"

I moved over and Mom lay down next to me. I wrapped an arm protectively around her shoulders. "Oh, he'll get his.", I said. Mom looked at me curiously and tuned on her side to face me, throwing an arm over my chest. "Even as we speak, the forces of truth, justice, and the American way are prevailing." I explained Captain Brenn's plan.

Mom squealed with delight and hugged me, then kissed me on the cheek. A second later, she kissed me on the lips and snuggled closer, softly rubbing my chest through the bedclothes.

"Mom, are you sure you want to do this? Sue's right next door!", I exclaimed quietly.

In response, Mom slipped a hand under the covers and between my legs. "That cough syrup will knock her out till noon." Fondling my rapidly strengthening erection, she commented, "I don't think you really mind if I want to thank my hero properly." She pushed the covers down and exposed my cock jutting up through my boxer shorts. Mom crawled on top of me and spread her legs. The hem of her gown caught on my dick and raised to the waist as she slowly eased back onto me.

Well, if she put it that way, how could I argue? Mom languidly and slowly made love to me in that fashion, while I cupped her asscheeks and let her do all the work. She came quietly twice, whimpering into the side of my neck, then I couldn't take it anymore. Grabbing her hips, I pushed up as far into her as I could, and came with a soft grunt.

Afterwards, we talked quietly and Mom gave me the surprise of my life with a comment she made. "I was listening to this talk show on the radio about girls and dating. A woman called in and said she had four daughters, and every time one of them became old enough to start dating, her husband would take his daughter out on a date."

"Huh?"

"You know, dinner and a movie. He'd wear a suit and the girl would get dressed up, and he would take her out on a date. He'd show her how a gentleman is supposed to act, and how they should expect their boyfriends to behave. Apparently, it became a real rite of passage for the younger girls. They knew they were grown up when Daddy took them out for a date."

"So?" I was rather tired and really wasn't using all cylinders.

"So, you should do the same. Take your sister out on a date!"

"What! That's crazy. She's my sister! And besides, she'd never go for it. She hates my guts. It's nuts!", I protested. What an idiot idea!

Mom snorted. "It's not crazy. You are a real gentleman, much nicer than any number of guys I've gone out with. You'd be perfect to teach her what a real man acts like. And who says she wouldn't go out with you. Your sister doesn't hate you, she loves you. She just can't express it. She adores you. She pesters you because she wants you to notice her!" Mom continued to argue, to the point that I finally agreed to ask Sue out sometime. I figured that if I let it go long enough, Mom would forget.

Mom, in turn, was quite ecstatic about winning an argument with me. In appreciation, she peeled off the robe of the peignoir and lay back on the bed. The long gown beneath was perfectly transparent, and she looked breathtaking in it. I moved to climb on top of her but she stopped me and taught me a new position. She pulled the gown to her waist and raised the leg closest to me, then I laid on my side and inserted my erection sideways into her cunt. With our legs crossed X fashion, it was very easy for me to reach over and pull her gown down off her breasts, which let me pinch and lick her nipples easily. This time I got to do all the work, as Mom lounged backwards, crying out in orgasm after orgasm. Finally, when I felt myself getting close, I twisted Mom on the bed so that we were laying spoon fashion and I had her close her legs, tightening her pussy as I slammed into her. This was a very interesting way to fuck, and I promised myself to do it again!

My plan to let the whole thing slide were foreclosed by my mother. The next night, over dinner, she announced, "Sue, Paul has something he wants to ask you.", then looked at me.

Sue looked at me curiously.

"Uhm ... well ... uh, Sue, would you like to go out to dinner with me sometime?", I stammered out.

Predictably, Sue began to argue loud and negatively about her need to date her own brother, but Mom, equally predictably, intervened. She explained what was going on, and Sue surprised me by almost immediately giving in. I found myself in the curious position of not wanting to date a girl, who in the general consensus of the male half of our school, was worth dragging your balls through a mile of broken glass to get to. With Mom's prompting, we agreed on dinner next Saturday night.

Monday at school proved to be an absolute blast. Captain Brenn had outdone himself, sending a hapless reporter off to the roust with McEvoy and his merry minions. By Sunday night, the local television stations had picked up the story about the arrest of the "alleged sexual predator", and the Mayor's office had released a statement praising the police department for their "innovative approach in confronting this latest affront to public decency." By Monday morning somebody had managed to put together a poll showing public opinion running four-to-one in favor of the "bust." Sue's adventure was the talk of the school, although everybody clammed up whenever she was around. I was of somewhat mixed thinking on this. While I knew the pain she had to be feeling, I couldn't help but notice that the low-life guys she seemed to favor were avoiding her like the plague, while attention was now being paid by fellows who, if not upstanding young citizens, were at least much more likely to have bathed.

While I didn't hang over Sue like a mother hen, I did try to keep an eye out for her. Specifically, I drove her to and from school, made sure that I walked by her locker several times, to see her between classes, and hung around after school for her to finish cheerleader practice. She noticed me and waved several times, but didn't seem to mind. Good thing, too, since Malloy, who I saw several times that day, was becoming more and more irritated as the day dragged on.

Finally, as the cheerleaders left the gym to go to the locker room, he made a move. He and four of his thug friends blocked her path, elbowing aside a couple of other cheerleaders to do so, and he confronted her, while his buddies formed a screen to keep her in place. I was sitting in the bleachers, so I got up and limped my way over to the group. A few adults, teachers and coaches, were present, but since Malloy was keeping his voice down, they paid him no mind. As I got closer though, I could hear him bitching her out and threatening her if she didn't go out with him that night, when he would teach her just how he liked to be treated by his dates. His leering friends drove home his real intentions.

Enough of this horse shit, I thought! Using The Power to keep the clowns from interfering, I stepped into the circle and placed myself in between Sue and Jackie. Until now I don't think he had any idea that the gimpy cripple hobbling around school with a cane was his intended victim's brother. Half turning to Sue, but still keeping an eye on her accoster, I said, "Time to change, Sue.", and pushed her gently out of the ring.

Malloy seemed astounded that someone would dare to deny him his pleasures. Reaching out he grabbed me by the shoulder and spun me to face him. Leaving his hand clamped firmly on my shoulder, he said, "Who the fuck do you think you are, asshole. Get the fuck lost before you need another cane." He smiled at his wit while his buddies chuckled.

Malloy was a pretty big guy, but not all that much bigger than me. Maybe three inches taller and about forty pounds heavier, but a lot of that weight was around his belly and butt, and I doubted he had worked out much since the football season had ended. On the other hand, I was rock solid, especially above the waist, from my frequent workouts at the gym. I was not intimidated. I rested my right hand lightly on the cane, glanced down at the hand on my shoulder, and stared disdainfully and silently up at him.

Behind me, Sue began to slip between two of the thugs, who didn't stop her, but didn't move aside either. Malloy saw this over my shoulder and said, "Hold it, bitch!", then tried to shove me away to get at her.

He was quite amazed when I failed to shove. "No.", I said. "Sue, get going.", I ordered.

"Fuck you!", yelled Malloy, who dropped his hand from my shoulder, and took a roundhouse swing at me. His fist hit me in the chest and rocked me, but I shifted my cane backwards to brace myself, and I stayed in place. By now, a couple of teachers had seen the commotion and were hurrying over. I had only a few seconds to act, and I really wanted to use them.

Jackie had made a major mistake. He had the same level of skill in picking victims as he did in boxing - low! The cops had told me not to start anything, but they had said nothing about finishing something. Grinning from ear to ear, I dropped my cane on the floor and stepped forward.

It only took two punches. First I delivered a sharp, hard left jab into Jackie's gut just below his solar plexus, doubling him over gasping for air. Next came the blockbuster, a right uppercut that started out somewhere near the floor and ended at his nose. It contained every ounce of hatred I had been nursing for two days, and it lifted him off his feet to fly into the wall behind him, where he sank down heavily on his ass. A Hollywood stuntman couldn't have made a better exit. Blood pulsing from his shattered snout, he dazedly shook his head, only to puke his lunch into his lap, and then passed out.

By now, the commotion had exploded into a full scale ruckus. All the nearby students were standing around us in a circle yapping up a storm. Teachers and coaches were pouring into the gym, and Sue looked like she was going to both cry and hug me in awe, while Jackie lay against the wall in his blood and vomit. Finally, Mister Goldstein, my History teacher and the head of the department, ordered Sue and me to follow him to the Principal's office while another teacher summoned the school nurse.

That was pretty much the end of it. Coach Walters and Mr. Goldstein had basically seen the entire affair and corroborated my story that Malloy had started it all. Then the school nurse showed up and said that the patient had been sent to the Emergency Room with a probable broken nose and two definite black eyes. (I learned later that breaking your nose almost always leads to black eyes - something about busted capillaries.) We were released from custody and went home.

On the plus side, Jackie's parents had had more than enough of their son's follies, what with the bogus arrest, the fight, and now a three day suspension. They yanked him out of school and packed him off to a military boarding school. The coach of the football team promoted a freshman to Jackie's old spot on the team, and the new fullback, though even smaller than me, had just the sort of team spirit and aggressive drive to lead the team to two winning seasons in a row. Even better, though, was that while Mom was not at all impressed, Sue was! She developed a serious case of hero worship in the week leading up to our date.

This paid off quite handsomely. Sue became rather excited about her forthcoming "date" and badgered our tolerantly bemused mother to take her out shopping for a new dress. They giggled like little girls at a slumber party, and Mom warned me several times that I had best be on my best behavior, as Sue had rather high expectations. I simply groaned and rolled my eyes repeatedly. Still, Sue's mood proved a bit infectious and I was secretly looking forward to Saturday night.
Chapter 5
Home - Top 

Home « rlfj's Page « The Power Index « Previous - Settings
Chapter 5
Posted: December 05, 2001 - 12:00:00 am
Updated: February 27, 2008 - 07:56:13 pm
?

Saturday evening found me waiting in the foyer, dressed in a new charcoal gray suit, black shirt and tie, and new black loafers. I had switched my usual hickory cane for a new brass and black lacquered model that the ladies had bought me for Christmas, and was feeling quite dapper and dashing. Sue and Mom were upstairs doing some final primping and I was nervously eyeing my watch. It was after 7:30 and we had 8:00 reservations at a nice restaurant just outside the city limits. Then Sue came down the stairs, with Mom discreetly following, and my jaw dropped just like most of her other boyfriend's. A hoarse "Hubba, hubba." gurgled out as I fought to stop staring.

Mom had outdone herself prepping Sue for her night out. First of all was the dress, a light gray wrap outfit with wrist length sleeves, a vee-neckline, and a hemline that barely reached mid-thigh. It fit her like a second skin and showed off every curve, and Sue was a very curvy girl. Sue's legs, which seemed outrageously exposed, were encased in very sheer and very black stockings or pantyhose, and she never wore black. She also never liked to wear high heels, and tonight they were three inch tall black stilettos. Sue's hair, which she normally wears long and loose to the middle of her back, was done up high and held in place with a black pin in a style which I still can't name but really liked. Sue almost never wears makeup - tonight Mom had applied a light but deft touch that simply screamed sophistication. Sue was even wearing a new perfume. Whatever its name, the bottle should have been labeled "Rape Me!"

I couldn't help but stare. My baby sister didn't look anything at all like the fifteen-year-old cheerleader she really was, but more like a woman in her early twenties. Like in the movie "Hot Shots", she looked hot enough to fry eggs and bacon!

Sue was getting rather nervous standing there before me, with me simply staring. Finally Mom said, "Well, say something, Paul!"

I closed my mouth and let out a loud wolf whistle, at which Mom laughed and Sue blushed from her head to her toes. Stepping up to her, I took her right hand in mine, then bent over it and kissed her hand. "Enchante', mademoiselle, would you care to accompany me to dinner?", I asked, to which she blushed again.

I got Mom's dress coat from the closet (Sue didn't have a good dress coat), then put on my own new trench coat. Tucking her right arm through my left, I led her to the door. As I opened the front door for Sue, I turned back to Mom, who could barely contain her laughing, and said, "Don't worry, ma'am. I'll have your daughter home before the crack of dawn." Mom promptly exploded in a paroxysm of laughter and shooed us out. I led Sue down the walkway and held her car door for her.

The Courtesy Police had no complaint with me that evening. I opened doors, pushed in chairs, escorted properly, and with every nuance of decorum. Not that I wouldn't have anyway, but I took extra care this evening. It wasn't difficult, since Mom had drummed it into us for years. From just about the time we got out of diapers, Mom had been assiduously training me to be a gentleman and Sue to be a lady. Above and beyond the usual "Yes, ma'am", "No, ma'am", "Please", and "Thank you", Mom expected me to be an old-fashioned Southern gentleman.

For instance, I have never witnessed Mom open a door in her life. If I was present, I was expected to open the door. If I forgot, she simply stood there waiting until I remembered. If I ran around the car and climbed in before her, she simply stood there until I got out, went around, let her in, and apologized. If I barged through the entrance to the mall, she would call me back and have me hold the door for her. For her part, Sue was taught to demand the same sort of treatment. Mind you, she wasn't rude about it. As long as I let Mom through first, I always received a gracious thank you.

The high point, or low point, if you will, of Mom's Courtesy Campaign occurred when I was fourteen. I was sentenced to six months of cotillion classes. For the Damn Yankees in the audience, cotillion class is a combination finishing school and Arthur Murray for proper young Southerners. Every Tuesday night at a local church, I learned the rudiments of etiquette and ballroom dancing. I learned the basic box step for both the waltz and the foxtrot, with an occasional rumba thrown in to spice things up. Needless to say, one wears a coat and tie to cotillion class. After two weeks of this torture I thought I had an out. My Scout troop changed its meeting nights from Wednesday to Tuesday, so I figured I could escape, but no, Mom had other things in mind. She would rush me over immediately after Scout meetings, me in my uniform, to the invariable and pithy comment that, "Women love a man in uniform." Sue thought this was absolutely hilarious, and bugged me about it mercilessly, right up to the day when my mother enrolled her, to Sue's absolute horror. Actually, the ballroom dancing part has proved fairly useful over the years. It's a dying art.

Mom has always been a stickler for good behavior in public. She refused to take us out when we were smaller until we were "civilized." I remember one time when I was about thirteen or so, when we went out to a restaurant and I had to hold Mom's and Sue's chairs. An older party next to us noticed and one of the women complimented my mother and me on my manners. Mom thanked the lady, but I grinned and said, "If I don't, she'll whack me on the head." Mom hooted while the other table laughed, then grinned, stood, and whacked my head.

Personally, I think Mom has seen "Gone With The Wind" one too many times.

So, anyway, I was on my best behavior as I took Sue out. We got started late and got to Cathedral Farms about fifteen minutes late. They had already given our table to somebody else, and Sue was looking nervous. {Find us a table!}, I thought to the maitre'd, and allowed him to escort us to the bar until we could be seated. Here I used The Power to keep from being thrown out, even though neither of us had anything more intoxicating than coffee or Coke. I got Sue to relax and she began to enjoy herself.

Cathedral Farms is a fairly nice place, rather large, with a good sized bar on the side where bands typically play to a twenty-something crowd on weekends. More than a restaurant, less than a night club. By the look on Sue's face, it was obvious that her previous dates had never taken her anyplace fancier than the pizza place in the mall. She tried to act sophisticated and didn't really get away with it, so I simply told her to calm down and act herself. She gave me a brief hurt look, but got over it in a hurry when the maitre'd came to show us to our table.

Dinner was several courses, but I had pulled out of the brokerage account about five-hundred bucks, so I knew I could more than cover anything we ordered, even if we were ordering a bunch of booze, which we weren't. I gave it some thought, to be honest; using The Power would make it easy to get looped. However, The Power would not allow me to drive home drunk, which scared the living hell out of me, so it was easy to resist the temptation. Once I got to college, I managed on any number of occasions to indulge, but that was the extent of my substance abuse. When my reality was a comely lass naked on my lap, I have never felt the need to use drugs to alter my reality. Besides, Sue let me know in no uncertain terms she did not need me to order booze to be a big man, since my heroics with Jackie Malloy had put stars in her eyes about me anyway.

I commented briefly to her that it had been no big deal. He hadn't known what he was doing, whereas I did. Further, I explained the "stand up to them" theory of handling bullies, which I had last put to good use in elementary school. This really didn't work, so I shifted the conversation elsewhere. It seemed like no time at all had passed when I paid the bill, but a glance at my watch showed it was after 9:30. A band could be heard coming from the bar, so I escorted Sue in there. It was too early to take her home from her "big date."

I almost thought we were going to have to stand until I noticed a couple leaving from a front table. Some quick thinking sent out a {Don't sit!} to several people near it as we threaded our way forward. Some further {Let us stay.}s to the waitress and bouncers enable us to be served, me with more coffee, Sue with another Coke. It was a fairly decent local group, they played a number of local bars and clubs.

After we finished our first set of drinks, Sue very shyly asked if I wanted to dance. I was rather surprised, since I am her brother, but Sue was definitely into the "big date" mode. Somehow it felt wrong, so I simply waved my cane and said my leg was bothering me. Sue was put out for only a minute or two, because, wouldn't you know it, the next tune played was a slow ballad. She promptly stood and grabbed my hand, arguing, "This won't hurt!", and dragged me out onto the dance floor. As a precaution, I hung my cane over my chair so we could find our table again.

The band was actually playing a set of slow songs, so I was stuck dancing with my sister for over fifteen minutes. After a few minutes I almost forgot that Sue was my sister, but was simply dancing with a lovely little redhead with big knockers. When I felt those beautiful breasts pressing against my chest, and my hands roamed across her back and rear, I immediately got a hardon. This caused me to wake up, as I felt it press against my sister's crotch. I missed a step, but Sue led me through it. She, too, had noticed, but rather than push away from me, had rubbed her body against mine, placed her head on my chest, and continued dancing. With considerable confusion I kept dancing, and it was with considerable relief that I led her back to our table when the set was over.

Our table was still there, but the only chair left was the one with the cane hanging on it. A group at another table had dragged Sue's off. Again, I looked a bit confused, until Sue came by my side. "Sit.", she ordered, then once I had moved my cane and sat down, Sue faced away from me and sat down on my lap. She twisted around to a ninety-degree angle and put an arm around my shoulders and looked around at the band and crowd.

It took me about two seconds to look down at her and redevelop my raging erection. Her dress had ridden up her legs enough as she sat for me to see clearly the tops of her black stockings. They weren't pantyhose after all, but long, thigh-top stockings, and the lace elastic bands showed, with a hint of creamy flesh above them. Her dress also seemed extra tight, wearing it this way, and her tits stuck out unbelievably. As my dick painfully stretched out down one pants leg, I idly rubbed her back with my freed hand, confirming that, yes, she was wearing underwear, but it didn't seem very substantial. After that, I simply clasped my hands around her waist as she leaned back against me.

We had another round of coffee and Coke, then I danced with Sue for another couple of slow songs. It was after midnight when I was able to grab my cane and lead Sue out to my car. Driving home, I was surprised to note that her dress tended to hike up quite a bit higher than when we had driven to the restaurant. Once again, if I took my eyes off the road, I could see her creamy white thighs above her stocking tops.

The lights were out, so I knew Mom was asleep, when I unlocked the door. I whispered to Sue to be quiet and we went inside. "I'm going to sit down for awhile in the living room.", I whispered.

"Okay. Care for something to drink?", she asked.

"Sure. Iced tea if we have any."

I went into the living room and collapsed on the couch, kicking off my shoes and loosening my tie. Sue came back in a few moments later with a couple of small glasses of iced tea, explaining that that was the end of the pitcher. I shrugged, and was again surprised when she sat down on the couch next to me, and not in her usual place in an armchair. She crossed her legs seductively, keeping on her high heels, and was silent as we sipped our tea.

Finally, I set my glass aside and Sue put hers on the table in front of us. I turned to her to kiss her cheek good night, figuring to grab my shoes and glass, and go to bed. As I turned to face her, my puckered lips were shocked to find not her cheek but Sue's lips, puckered to kiss mine. Shocked, I drew back slightly, only to find Sue gently reaching up to my face. Holding me in place, she leaned back in and kissed me again, full on the mouth. Lord but did she taste sweet! After several moments of kissing, I pulled back again, to look into her eyes with confusion.

"Kiss me, Paul.", she whispered. "Just like a real date. Hold me and kiss me." Then Sue closed her eyes and leaned back in, kissing me and slipping her tongue between my lips and teeth to wrestle with my tongue.

My confusion was instantly replaced with concern. It seemed as if Sue wanted me to act not like I was treating my sister but my girlfriend! Mind you, the only use of The Power I had was to simply tell her to act like we were on a date, and for Mom to reinforce this, nothing else. I had no idea she would take the suggestion so literally!

I am living proof that when God was handing out body parts, he gave men both a brain and a dick, but not enough blood to use both at the same time. Or as the saying goes, a stiff prick has no conscience. I kissed her back. Sue was a pretty good kisser. That "Sweet Sixteen and Never Been Kissed" business was just so much horsecrap!

By now I was leaning back against the arm of the sofa and Sue was leaning into me, lying against me on my chest. As she kissed me I reclined further and, as if by second nature, raised a leg, sliding it between hers. Sue responded with a moan and wrapped herself around me even tighter. In moments she had brought up a knee of her own, to rub into my crotch and along the length of my improbably hard erection. Needless to say, the hem of her short dress became even shorter, sliding up her thighs, and I found my knee rubbing into her pantied pussy. As I allowed my hands to roam over her back, they went low enough to touch her ass, now covered only by what seemed to be a very small and thin pair of panties. They sure didn't feel like cotton!

Sue moaned once more and pulled her body slightly away from mine, although she didn't stop kissing me. The next thing I knew, a hand was between us, probing for the buttons of my shirt. She loosened one and went searching for another.

I gently pushed her away from me. "Sue? What... ?"

Sue had a look of confusion on her face as she sat up. "What's the matter, Paul? Don't you want me to ... well, you know?"

"Yes, I do know.", I said. "And I also know I'm your brother."

Sue looked down in her lap briefly, then looked up at me. I could see tears forming in the corners of her eyes. "It's just, well, the girls at school, and Mom, well, I figured maybe you could, you know, uh, show me the ropes."

"Show you the ropes? The way you were going, it sure wasn't a rope that you were going to be shown!" I was incredulous.

A muffled sob escaped Sue as she turned away from me. As she rose to leave, I grabbed her by the hand and pulled her back down. She still wouldn't face me, but I pulled her face against my chest. She was crying as I asked, "Now what have you been hearing about me? What girls?"

We talked as she lay against my chest. "Well, I talked to Jenny and a few of the other girls you've dated. They all said the same thing, that after a date with you they ended up in bed with you, and that you were great in bed, and really knew what you were doing, and..."

"What, they told you this?!"

"Sure, girls talk about everything. And I asked Mom..."

"Hold on." I was shocked. "Mom told you to sleep with me?"

"No, silly. She just said that she hoped that someday I would meet a boy like you, somebody strong but gentle. Someone who cared. So I figured, if everybody thinks I should give myself to somebody like you, why shouldn't I give myself to somebody who is you? Why shouldn't you be my first, well, you know?" She looked up at me hopefully, the tears staining her makeup.

Well if that don't beat all! Not that I had a major problem with incest, not with my screwing Mom several times a week. By now I knew that the moral taboo was historically related to the very real dangers of inbreeding, which the Pill had outdated. Still, here was Sue coming up with this plan to seduce me when I was simply supposed to be a pretend date. "Jesus! You're serious aren't you?", I asked.

Now Sue looked angry. "What's the matter, big brother, I'm not good enough for you?"

"Christ on a crutch! It's not that. I mean, half the guys in school would give their left nut to be with you. Are you sure you want me to be the one?"

"Yes.", she said, firmly.

I exhaled loudly. "Okay, I guess."

Sue looked up at me gleefully with a tear-stained face. "Um, so what happens next? What do you want me to do?" All of a sudden she was no longer the vamp, but the innocent schoolgirl she really was. I snorted with derision.

"Okay, first things first, you go to the bathroom and clean the tears from your face. I'll be damned if when you are telling some wide-eyed kid about your first time, you'll have to say you were crying." Sue laughed at that and sat up. "I have to go to the can as well, so I'll meet you down here in five minutes."

"Should I change into something or wear something special?"

What in the world? Did she have her trousseau upstairs? "Let's not get too complicated, honey. Just meet me down here in a few minutes, okay?"

Sue nodded and went upstairs to the bathroom. I used the john off the kitchen to relieve myself then went back to the living room. I turned off all the lights but a corner lamp, which I dimmed, then tossed my jacket and tie onto the couch. I had spread out a comforter on the floor and was tossing some throw pillows to one end when Sue came back. She had removed most of her makeup when she cleaned her face, and now looked well-scrubbed and wholesome, which competed with the sexy outfit and perfume I could still smell. She pranced up to me, and I leaned in to kiss her quickly on the lips.

"Um, what now?", she asked. "Should I take my clothes off?" Her hands moved to the side of her dress where it wrapped and attached at her left hip.

I reached out and stopped her. "Not so fast. Sometimes you'll want to get right down to it. But other times, maybe the guy wants to have the fun of unwrapping his present, hmmm? Why don't you just reach up, wrap your arms around me and kiss me?"

Sue smiled and did just that. She almost went limp in my arms as I moved my right hand to her left hip and undid the catch she had been working on. I moved away slightly to allow the dress to open, then undid the catch on the inside of her right hip, to fully open her dress. Still kissing, I pulled her arms down to her sides and slid the dress slowly down off her shoulders and arms, to puddle at her feet. Once that was done, I said, "Now just stand there and let me look at you.", then stepped back a few feet.

Standing there in the dim light, Sue was exquisite. Beneath her dress she was clad only in a matching black satin bra-and-panty set. It was a simple design, neither lacy nor transparent, but of a rather severe cut. The bra was cut extremely low, to the point her nipples almost showed, with the straps wide set, so that her breasts billowed up from it, and it had a simple front clasp. The panties were very small and high cut on the legs, with a full smooth coverage of her rear and very little coverage of her pudenda. She must have trimmed her cunt hair before she could wear them, but since I couldn't see the outline of her cuntlips, I knew she hadn't shaved. Her oh so nice legs were clad in very sheer and extremely long black stockings, ending only an inch or two below her pussy. She still wore the ankle-strapped black high heels.

I stared for a minute or so, then gave a low whistle. "Honey, you are absolutely gorgeous!"

Sue perked up. "You like?"

"I love. I don't know how you knew, but I absolutely adore beautiful women in fancy lingerie."

Blushing, she said, "I asked some of your old girlfriends." Now it was my turn to blush. "And even Mom said you seem to notice when she wears stockings and heels." Jesus! Mom had apparently decided to play coy about our little sessions. I suspected she knew exactly what was going to happen after this date!

"Now, should I undress you?", she asked.

I took her by the hand and led her to the comforter. Lowering myself awkwardly (my knee, remember), I helped her down to my side. "I'm nothing special, hun. That'll come soon enough." I lay back on the comforter with a pillow under my head and pulled her down beside me. Reaching over, I pulled her against me and pressed my lips to hers, as I stroked her side. With another moan, my sister moved against me and wrapped her legs around mine.

Now that I had succumbed to the inevitable, I began to move my mouth away from hers, to kiss her chin and ears, her neck and shoulders. Meanwhile, my hands were now roaming the length of her body, moving underneath her bra straps, over her satin-clad ass, across the front of her tit-filled bra. Sue gave out another small whimper as I one-handed the clasp holding her bra together, allowing her breasts to spring forth from their confinement. This time Sue actively cooperated in allowing me to remove her brassiere.

Once I had started to let my fingers do the walking, Sue returned to undoing my shirt, which proved much simpler without my jacket and tie. She stopped, though, at my pants. Once I had taken off her bra, I sat up. I stripped off my shirt, throwing it over to land on her dress, and looked her over, lying half naked before me. She really was the spitting image of her mother, but even prettier. Without looking at the tag on her bra I knew she was already as large as Mom, but if anything her breasts were even firmer, with bigger nipples. By the time she graduated, she would be at least a cup size larger!

We grinned at each other, then she said, "You planning on taking off your pants finally?"

"Nope. That's your job.", I said.

That stumped her briefly. I think that we were now moving into an area that she finally had no experience in. I later learned that a couple of boys had gotten far enough with her to get some tit, and for Sue to do some heavy necking with, but now that we were down to business, she was flying blind.

"It's simple.", I said. "First, simply unbuckle my belt." Sue sat upright and reached out to unbuckle me, then looked expectantly at me. I lay back down, saying, "Now, the catch and the zipper." Sue used both hands to do this, then I pulled her down next to me. As she stretched out, I gently but firmly took her free hand and placed it on my crotch. She almost jerked away, like she had touched a hot stove, but I held her in place and a moment later I could feel her rubbing the outline of my bulging prick through my pants. "And now, you make me feel good, while I make you feel good." I put an arm under her head and used my free hand to gently cup her upper (we were on our sides) breast.

As my hand made light contact with her titflesh, Sue's eyes closed in ecstasy, but then she opened them again. "How will I know if I'm doing it right?"

I smiled but held in my laughter. "Trust me, I'll let you know. Listen, after a few minutes, why don't you put your hand inside my pants? I'll like that even more."

Sue smiled and began to stroke me firmly, closing her eyes again as I began to knead her tits. Returning to our kissing, I began to pinch and twist, very gently, the oversized nipples capping them. Finally, I lowered my mouth from hers, kissing down her chin, her neck, her breastbone, till my lips met a breast. Cupping it carefully, I lifted it to my lips, which widened to inhale the sturdy pinkness, while my tongue swirled around the tip.

Sue gasped in pleasure, but more was yet to follow. Taking my hand off her breast, I moved it down and between our bodies. Again I firmly but gently moved her hand, this time taking it off my pants and sliding it inside, beneath the waistband of my shorts. She started when her fingers first felt the velvety tip of my erect dick, but I pressed them inwards, so that she was soon stroking lightly the length of my shaft. When I pulled my hand away, I could feel her curve her hand around my cockshaft, jacking me lightly, and I immediately put my hand between her thighs.

Sue's panties were soaked with pussy juice. As I slid my fingers beneath the waist band, I could feel her short wet cunthairs damn near dripping with anticipation. First I simply massaged her entire vulva, but it was only a minute later that I used a couple of fingers to spread her pussylips, so I could use my middle finger on her clit. The effect was electric; Sue gasped and shuddered, moaning lowly, as she promptly began to orgasm beside me. I fingered her for a moment more, then relented, taking my finger from her clit and simply rubbing her cunt, as she came down.

"Oh, God, Paul, that was nice!", she murmured.

"Your turn.", I said. She looked at me with confusion. "Pull my pants down.", I ordered, and Sue pulled her hand from my pants and used both to pull them down to my knees. I lifted my hips to help her. "Now, I think I'd really like you to do for me what I just did for you. Keep jacking me, honey. It really felt nice."

"I don't really know..."

I interrupted her with a kiss. "You were doing just fine a moment ago. Just keep doing what you were doing." So saying, I laid out flat on my back. Sue leaned up on one arm and used the other to grab Mister Happy. I coached her through it, explaining almost like a very personal sex ed class. "Now, some guys like a girl to play with their nuts when they're dong this, but not all. We vary, and I have very sensitive nuts. Specifically, if you play with them, it's likely to hurt like hell, so don't grab them, or fondle them, or anything like that. Believe me, a guy will let you know if there's a problem. Also, most of them time you are doing this, you can keep right on kissing the guy, lips, face, nipples, whatever."

She was surprised at this, but didn't stop fondling my cock. "You mean guys like to have their nipples kissed, too?", she asked. She had never considered the idea of guys having erogenous zones.

I shrugged. "Some do, some don't. It doesn't affect me one way or the other. But don't worry, you're doing just fine. God, but I'm getting close. That feels so gooooood!" By now my breathing was beginning to get a little ragged, and my hips were lifting up off the floor, forcing my cockshaft through her lightly gripping hand. "Don't stop.", I pleaded. "Don't stop!"

Moments later, much to Sue's surprise, but not to mine, I popped my cork. Grunting, I collapsed limply as my dick began to fountain a never-ending supply of creamy white jism into the air and onto our bodies. Her hand, already coated with my pre-come, had several dollops of come on it, and the rest landed, one spurt on her belly, the rest on mine. Her eyes were wide with surprise and pride as she realized she had made a boy come for the first time. She kept rubbing me until I stopped pumping and went soft.

Elbowing myself upright, I kissed her gently and thanked her. Sue only had part of her attention on me, though, and I saw her looking around for something, then spotting my shirt, she leaned over for it. I knew what she wanted, and stopped her.

"Lick your hand off.", I said, at which she looked at me with a look of horror. {You'll like it. Lick my come up.}, I thought, and said, "Go ahead. It won't kill you, and most girls like it."

Gingerly, Sue stuck her tongue out and daintily dabbed at her hand. Her eyes opened wider at the taste, and she promptly licked the rest off her hand and from between her fingers. Then she wiped up the come which had landed on her stomach with an index finger and sucked that down, too. "You're right!", she said in amazement. "It's sort of sweet and salty at the same time. Here, want some?", she asked.

"No, that's all right.", I said declining. Sue began to wipe the come from my stomach but I stopped her. "Why don't you simply lean down and lick that up. It's sort of the next step, you might say."

"Huh? Ohhhh!" My meaning had hit home.

"Don't worry, it's very natural. There are two main ways to get a guy off without screwing him. You just learned the first way. Now you can learn the second. Like I said, it's the next step." Sue leaned down and tongued the come off my belly, which felt simply exquisite. I placed my hands on the top of her head and nudged her south. Without too much coaching, I soon had my limp dick between her lips, while she resumed jacking my flaccid shaft. I was not flaccid for very long.

Again, I resumed my lesson. I limited my teaching to the most basic method of fellatio, wherein a woman lays her head on your stomach with your cocktip in her mouth, and, in effect, jacks you off while she sucks the end. Now was not the time to discuss deep throat. Besides, Sue was kind of small, and I was kind of large, and I didn't want her to gag and vomit on my balls. Anyway, I was having a very enjoyable time, as she suctioned my cockhead and tongued the tip. I had an arm around her body and was idly playing with the tit I could reach. She got me to come a second time without any problem, and even managed to swallow most of it. What she didn't swallow, she lapped up afterwards.

Grinning through come-smeared lips. She asked, "So, how was I?"

I wearily sat up. "You were simply great. You're a natural cocksucker.", I said, to which she smiled proudly. "That's the second way of getting a guy off without fucking him." She looked confused for a second. "In case, it's your period, or you aren't on the Pill, or you simply don't want to fuck him. Are you on the Pill, by the way? Do we need to get a rubber?", I asked.

"No, I'm on the Pill. Why? Is that next?"

I looked down at my dead soldier. "Um, not just yet. Maybe later. Right now, though, I think I'd like to return the favor. Lay back." Sue lay down. Kneeling over her, I slipped my hands under her ass and slid her panties down her legs, then spread them wide and crawled between them. She had dark, reddish pubic hair, somewhat thin, and trimmed very short in a triangular pattern. I remember wondering whether Mom's cunt hair was the same shade. Dressed only in stockings and heels, she looked magnificent and I told her so. Then I said, "Any guy you eat should be prepared to eat you. What's good for the goose is good for the gander and all that." She was excitedly looking at me with anticipation as I bent my head to her crotch.

I started by licking the edges of her pussy hair, teasing her by flicking my tongue across her cuntlips and clit. Every time I neared her clitoris, Sue gave a small shudder and moaned softly. Her hands rubbed through the curls on my head and I knew she was feeling considerable pleasure, so I simply went in for the main course. Laying down on my belly, I reached my hands up to spread her legs wide apart, and planted my mouth smack dab on her clit. In response, Sue began to quietly moan and twitch almost nonstop.

I kept up my clitlicking as long as I could, at least twenty minutes, alternating licking with sucking. Meanwhile, my hands were in constant motion, sometimes teasing her cunt, sometimes reaching around her and up her body to tweak those big nipples, sometimes simply cupping her asscheeks to keep her from squirming away. Sue was in almost a continuous orgasm. Finally, as my tongue tired, I could feel my dick regaining strength and decided to deflower my sister.

I raised my flushed and wet face and crawled up between her legs. Sue's eyes were half closed in rapture, her pussy still twitching as she whimpered from my assault. I knelt between her legs, my rampant manhood pointing at her, and spread her legs wide. At this, her eyes opened fully and she looked down at me and my cock. "Oh, Paul, that was tremendous! Nothing could be as good as that!", she whispered.

"Um, well, I've been told the next step is a lot of fun, too. If, you're ready, so am I." I looked down at my dick and back into her smiling face.

Sue rearranged the pillows behind her, and nervously said, "Okay, I guess so. Uh, please be..."

"Don't worry, everything will be just fine." I figured it would be, too, since despite her maidenhead, her cunt was quite lubricated by now. Kneeling, I placed one hand by her side, and leaning over her, used the other to position my cockhead at the entrance to her cunt. It fit, rather snugly, and seemed to catch on something. The rest of my body I positioned as if doing a pushup over Sue's prone form. Sue looked quite worried, and I think she could feel her hymen stretching painfully. Well, to misquote the Bard, 'twere best done quickly.' Leaning down, I kissed her full on the mouth, and as my mouth muffled hers, allowed my weight to impale her with my cock. A brief moment later and I was carefully laying atop my sister, my dick nine inches deep in her newly fucked cunt. Once in, I didn't move an inch.

At my forcing of her passage, Sue had stiffened in my arms and cried out in anguish, but any screams did not pass my lips. As I held still above her, I raised my head away from hers and looked down. Tears had welled up at the corners of her eyes and she looked at me with a terribly hurt look, as if to ask how I could hurt her after such a wonderful time together so far.

"It'll pass, honey, it'll pass.", I whispered. "A whole new world just opened up for you, a world of wonder and pleasure. I'll go slow from here on in, but this will pass and in its place will be joy." So saying I lifted my hips up about an inch, then let them press back in again.

Sue's eyes opened wide at the movement of my cock inside her pussy, but the tears were over. "Oh!", she said in a startled voice, and with that seeming encouragement, I raised and lowered myself a short distance again. She clutched my arms with another brief whimper and a half-smile, so I began to lengthen my strokes. Her cunt was so tight and yet so wet, it felt like my dick was sliding in and out of an oily vise. I could feel every bit of pussy flesh, from her cuntlips to her cervix, and it felt wonderful. The come was straining to escape my nuts, but I swore to myself that I would hold out until Sue orgasmed at least once from a dick in her slit!

As I increased my speed and stroke, Sue quickly loosened her pained rigidity and smiled up at me. "Oh, Paul, this is wonderful. It hurt so much at first, but now it just feels wonderful. Oh, don't ever stop. I could do this forever."

I leaned forward so that the top side of my erection would rub against her clit, and said, "I'm sorry if it hurt at first, but that's just the way it is. I love you, you're my sister. I would never hurt you. God, but you feel so good!" At my newly freshened assault, Sue moaned and wrapped her arms around my neck dragging me down to kiss her. As I kissed her, I leaned on top of her and moved my hands down to her asscheeks. By now Sue was beginning to hump back at me, so I helped her along as I pistoned in and out of her pussy. I was in heaven.

After only a few minutes fucking my sister, she stiffened beneath me and, twat twitching, began to moan into my lips. This was what I had been holding out for, and not a moment too soon, I collapsed atop her as my balls spurted into her virgin cunt. I groaned into her mouth as we came together for the first time, my dick spasming out a full load.

Afterwards, I raised myself back up off of her and rolled to the side, breathing heavily. Unfortunately, Sue took this opportunity to look down at herself, and almost went into hysterics at the side of blood and come seeping from her pussy. I calmed her and hopped up, going to the kitchen and returning with a warm, wet washcloth. I used this to wipe between her legs, and said, "It's all right, everything is just fine. What you need to do now, Sue, is to go upstairs and take a nice hot shower. Then go to bed. By tomorrow morning, you'll have forgotten any discomfort and will simply remember the pleasure. It's fine." I kissed her some more, and then let her get up. She picked up her clothes sheepishly and went upstairs.

The comforter needed to be washed. I rolled it up and stuck it under the couch, to be dealt with later, then grabbed my own clothes and went to bed.
Chapter 6
Home - Top   Feedback to author


Home « rlfj's Page « The Power Index « Previous - Settings
Chapter 6
Posted: December 05, 2001 - 12:00:00 am
Updated: February 27, 2008 - 07:56:13 pm
?

To be honest, the next day Sue pretty much avoided me, sticking to her room and doing homework, not talking much later. Mom wanted to hear it all, a blow-by-blow of the whole evening, so I told her what I could, leaving out what happened when we got home. I simply said that we had talked for a bit, then gone to bed. She talked to Sue as well, but Sue apparently kept her mouth shut as well, since Mom only commented that it sounded like we had had fun.

After school on Monday, before Mom came home, I learned why Sue had been acting standoffish to me the other day. I was lying on my bed, back propped up on my pillows, reading a book, when I heard a knock on my door. "Come!", I yelled.

Sue opened the door. She had taken a shower after cheerleading practice and was now wearing a short terry robe, barefoot, and rubbing another towel through her long, red hair. "Can I come in?", she asked.

"Sure, what's up?" I put a marker in the book and closed it, tossing it over onto my desk.

Continuing to towel her head dry, she slowly walked over to me and sat on the edge of the bed, one knee drawn up slightly and demurely. "I wanted to talk to you about Saturday night. How do you feel?"

I gave her an odd look. How did I feel? "Fine. What about you? You didn't say two words to me yesterday. Sorry we did what we did?"

"Oh, no!", gushed out. "It was wonderful! It's just that yesterday I was feeling kind of sore, you know, down there. And besides, with Mom around all day, I couldn't really talk to you. Are you sorry we made love?"

I grinned. "Not in the least. So, what's on your mind?"

At this, Sue looked sheepishly down into her lap. In a very quiet voice, she asked, "Well, I was wondering, if we could, well, you know, make love again." She said the last part very quietly and rapidly, and continued to look away from me afterwards.

I laughed and said, "No!", at which Sue's face whirled towards me, anger in her eyes. I ignored it and continued. "Saturday, we made love. Today, I want to fuck!"

She looked at me with some confusion. "What's the difference? And why be so crude about it? It was beautiful."

Nodding, I said, "Yes it was. Making love is for love, fucking is for fun. Right now, I want to have some fun with my beautiful, red-headed sister. I want to stick my cock up her pussy and make her come. I want to fuck!"

We looked at each other with shit-eating grins and she scrambled up alongside me. "Are you ready?", she asked.

"Find out", I said, pointing at my pants. Sue undid my jeans and I lifted my ass off the bed as she pulled my pants and shorts down to mid-thigh. Seeing her there in that little robe, asking me to screw her, had gotten me as hard as I can ever remember. She gently reached down and rubbed the underside of the shaft with one hand.

"What about you?", I asked. "Are you ready?"

Her inexperience led her to ask, "What do you mean?"

"Take off your robe and kneel next to me.", I directed. Sue undid the belt of the terry robe and shrugged out of it, dropping it to the floor. She really looked glorious, a younger version of her mother, with her large breasts, narrow waist, and wide hips. "We can't fuck until I know your cunt is hot and juicy. Otherwise, you won't like it." Her eyes opened wide as I graphically discussed what would happen. "One way of telling for sure is if your nipples are hard. Now pinch your nipples and get them big and perky." Gently, Sue raised her hands to her breasts. Cupping them and raising them slightly, she allowed her fingertips to roam the tips, which immediately darkened and stiffened.

"Now, to make sure you're wet, spread your legs and play with your pussy."

"What!?"

"Come on, you've never played with yourself before? Bullshit!" I took her hands in mine and pushed them between her legs. "Show me how you get yourself off."

"Oh, God, this is so embarrassing!", she moaned. Still, she didn't take her hands away as I egged her on. Spreading her pussylips with her left forefinger and middle finger, she began to rub her clit with her right middle finger in a circular fashion. I stared at her as she began to sway and spasm, her pussy lips glistening as she began to get off. Once she tried to stop, saying she was wet enough, but I kept her kneeling by me, with orders to make herself come first. I used my left hand to lightly stroke myself.

Sue came pretty good, gasping in shudders, as juice ran down the insides of her thighs. "Now you're ready!", I announced. "Swing your legs over and get on top." I helped her position herself, straddling me with her cunt raised above my dick. Holding it upright with one hand, I used the other to push herself down upon it, impaling herself. Unlike our first time, Sue had absolutely no pain or trouble. She was in heaven from the time she climbed on.

"Now, bounce up and down, and play with yourself. Rub your clit and tits while I watch." Sue gave a shy smile as she complied, bouncing atop me, one hand rubbing her cunt, the other alternating between tits. I kept up a running dialog as I guided her with hands on hips, telling her truthfully just how hot she looked, how good her pussy felt, and how much I was getting off watching her fuck me.

Sue was as orgasmic as Mom. She came twice in this fashion, the second time only moments before I announced my own orgasm by pulling her down and thrusting up, pumping two days worth into her snatch. I could feel our mixed come running down onto my balls. Afterwards, Sue crawled off my limp dick and lay down besides me, kissing my chest.

"We're not done yet. Now, start licking the come off my cock and my balls. Get me hard again, so I can fuck you again." Sue looked at me with wide-eyed glee, then scooted down to begin orally cleaning me. At one point, she stopped, to ask if I ever played with myself. "One guy in a hundred masturbates, Sue, and the other ninety-nine lie about it. I am a liar.", I announced proudly. Sue giggled and went back to work. She may not have had any experience sucking cock, but Lord, was she a fast learner! I think her best trick was to simply stuff my entire limp dick, right down to my nuts, into her mouth and provide whole-cock suction. Wow! As I reinflated, Sue raised away, leaving only my cockhead in her sucking lips.

I stopped her at this point, not without some thought, since she was well on her way to giving me a great blow job, but I had promised to fuck her a second time. This time I had her stretch out on the bed, and with pants around my knees, I crawled between her legs. "Now, guide me in, and keep your hands down there afterwards, to play with your clit." After I had sunk in, I said, "Now, wrap your legs around my ass and hold on tight. You, young lady, are in for the ride of your life!" So saying, I supported myself on my elbows above her as I began a fast pistoning motion in and out of her pussy. It was a pretty good ride she took, too, if I do say so myself. I threw in a few side-to-side and round-and-round motions to liven things up, and after a couple of minutes, she was in multiple orgasm heaven. Our first fuck had slaked my needs slightly, so I was able to fuck Sue with all the attention a gorgeous young teenager needs and deserves. By the time I came, grunting stiff-armed above her, we were both sweaty enough that we needed to shower.

As we untangled, I leaned down and gave her a grinning kiss. "Fan-fucking-tastic! We'll have to do this more often.", I said.

"You bet!"

For the rest of the week Sue and I fell into a delightfully decadent rut, where once we both got home, we would screw. Tuesday, I didn't get home till about four-thirty, since I had been to the gym, but once I came home and started walking down the hall to my bedroom, Sue called me into her bedroom. She was laying naked on her bed, legs akimbo, with both hands delving into her pussy. "I'm real hot and juicy, Paul. Why don't we fuck?", she asked. I introduced her to the art of the quickie. Wednesday I taught her sixty-nine and doggy style, and Thursday I had her practice fellatio and then did her standing in front of her mirrored dresser, taking her from behind while she was perched in high heels. It was funny at the time, trying to make sure that we were both done before Mom got home, but in retrospect I realize I could have used The Power to make Mom forget what she might see, and Sue to forget Mom had seen.

On Friday I got home around three-thirty and was surprised to see Mom getting out of her car as well, at least two hours before she normally got home. We were walking up the walkway and I was starting to ask what was up, when another car pulled up to the drive and honked its horn. Sue bolted out the front door and ran between us. "Bye, Mom, bye Paul!", she yelled over her shoulder.

"Sue, where are you going?", called out our mother.

Sue stopped at the car and whirled to face us. "Over to Bonnie Jo's. We're going out on a double date tonight. See ya'." Then she was gone. Mom looked at me and we shrugged at each other.

"So, Mom, what's up? Playing hooky?", I asked.

"No, somebody wrapped a truck around a light pole and knocked out all power and phones. Mister Jenkins let us all go home early."

"You couldn't do anything?", I asked with surprise. Her bosses were not known for being easy touches.

"Honey, you don't understand the modern office. Without electricity, there's no computers, no fax machines, not even telephones. We would have been sitting around in the dark, staring at each other."

We went inside and hung up our coats. I followed Mom upstairs but went into my room, kicked off my shoes, and dropped off my books. I was about to go back downstairs when I heard Mom call out for help. I wandered down the hall to her room and stuck my head in the door. "What's up?"

Mom was standing in front of her mirrored dresser, in the process of unzipping her dress. It was a pretty cream colored dress, a few inches shorter than knee-length, with a bustle-like peplum skirt. "My zipper's stuck."

I came up behind her and pulled her fingers from behind her back. She had snagged the fabric in the zipper and it took me a few minutes to loosen things. I finished by zipping the dress down. I could see the back of her brassiere, and lower, her panties and a garter belt. I pushed the dress down over her shoulders and looked at her reflection in the mirror. Her breasts filled the bra nicely, and I smiled.

"Paul, I have a date tonight.", Mom giggled.

"So what? So do I, but not until seven-thirty." I reached back and undid the clasp on her bra, then pushed it off her shoulders. She allowed it and the dress to slide to the floor. Now she was standing there, facing the mirror in only her panties, stockings, garter belt, and heels. The entire ensemble was in a matching white. I slid my hands down her sides to her panties, which I noticed she had pulled on after attaching her stockings to her garters. Very erotic! I began to slide them southwards as well.

Mom waited until they had slid down off her hips, then wriggled and let them slide down her legs. Lifting one foot out at a time, she turned to face me. "Well, all right, you horny little bastard, but we have to be done by the time we have to leave, and I'll want to shower and change, first. Let's get on the bed."

Mom led me to her queen-sized bed and lay down. "Should I finish getting undressed?", she asked.

I started to unbutton my shirt. Taking it off, I said, "Nah, stay just like you are. I really get off on seeing you in fancy undies." I slid off my pants and pulled off my socks and climbed on the bed with her. "Hell, wear what you're wearing on your date. He won't know what you've been doing, but you will."

She reached out and began to stroke my erection. "You are such a naughty boy!", she proclaimed, then lowered her face to my midsection and began to go down on me. In response, I tapped her on the ass and helped swing her around opposite me. Without pulling away from my dick, Mom straddled my face and we proceeded into a lengthy sixty-nine.

Mom has a different taste than Sue, somewhat heavier and muskier, but no less appealing. Sixty-nine with Mom has a certain stop-and-go aspect to it. When I'm licking her pussy and clit, she tends to draw back from my dick, squatting back and half smothering me while she wails in orgasm. Then, when I take a breather, she swoops forward, drawing away from me, to engulf my cock in her mouth and take me in so far my ball hair is tickling her nose. She really knows how to deep throat. It was on one of these moments that I grabbed her pillows and stuffed them under my head. Now, semi-propped up, I was able to caress and kiss the globes of her ass, which promptly caused her to lean back against my face. In my new semi-upright position I was able to pleasure and be pleasured. Mom was still far enough forward to be able to continue sucking my cockhead and jerk me off.

Yes, I've had deep throat, and any number of other variations on the theme, but for me at least, the simplest technique is still the best. Ladies, stick the end of my dick in your mouth, swirl your tongue over the tip, jack my shaft, and suck me like a Hoover vacuum cleaner. It works every time, and I enjoy it every time!

Just like then. In an effort to distract my mother before I blew my load, I began to roam my hands over her ass, including around the little brown ring staring me in the face. As a distraction it failed, since she began to moan and whimper around my cock. The extra vibrations pushed me over the edge and I blew my come into her mouth, especially when she reached between my legs and, very carefully, cupped and rubbed my nuts. I didn't think she would ever finish swallowing jism.

Mom raised up on her knees and looked back over her shoulder at me, licking her lips. "I think you liked that.", she commented.

"Sweet Jesus, yes. Please, do it again. Get me hard so I can fuck this pretty pussy, please.", I begged. I reached up to the small of her back and gently began pushing her forward. She took the hint and leaned back down, to take my wet and flaccid dick into her mouth again.

I rearranged us so that my arms were behind her legs and grabbed her ass globes, so firm and round. I managed to spread them so that I had a perfect view of her cunt and ass, and brought my head forward. This time, rather than simply sucking and nibbling her clitoris, so prominent at the upper end of her cunt between the bald-shaved lips, I began to lick her slit from one end to the other. I would start by teasing her nubbin, then slip my tongue into her cunt, then drag it out at the lower end, to give her a tingle between her pussy and her asshole. Then I would reverse direction and head back upstream, all the while my fingers were rubbing around her anal sphincter. I had discovered some women seemed to enjoy this, and I knew enough about my mother to know that if she didn't, she would tell me. She didn't tell me to stop, and by the muted cries around my cock stuffed in her mouth, I gathered she rather approved.

It took about twenty minutes or so for Mom to resurrect me, then I had her stop so I could fuck the pussy I had been eating. She moved to turn and face me, but I had other ideas. Pushing her ass down the bed I had her straddle me backwards, then sink down onto my dick. Despite the almost twenty years difference in age, her slit was as tight as her daughter's. I had her lean down far enough that I could feel her nipples, blood engorged and erect, brushing my knees, and let her bounce on my cock. Half-sitting, I had a marvelous view. Mom's white garter belt straps ran down to her white stockings front and back, and her stocking clad legs grasped at my sides. Her heels pointed back at me, and I would occasionally leave off rubbing her ass to stroke her legs and feet, tucking them in tight against me. I really loved the feel of her nylons against my skin.

Mom had been coming almost nonstop from the moment she had impaled herself on me. I had begun to stroke my fingers around her asshole again when she gasped out, "Yes, Paul, yes! Touch me, touch my asshole!" With that word of encouragement, I began to probe the entrance to her anus with my right forefinger. Mom's moans of pleasure caused me to take things a bit further. I slid my left middle finger inside her pussy alongside my cock to wet it, then pulled it out and used it to further probe her ass. The extra lubrication aided my quest substantially, allowing my finger to slide in up to the first knuckle.

Mom proceeded to buck against me more violently, and I simply knew she was a woman who enjoyed anal stimulation and, maybe, sex. I wormed my finger in another inch or so, all the while Mom moaned out, "More, more, deeper, deeper!" In short order, my middle finger was in all the way, twisting and turning, my finger moving like a living dildo in her asshole. Mom gasped and pushed back at both intruders in her crotch.

I decided to try a trick I had heard about but never before tried. Slowly I pulled my finger out (which came out surprisingly clean), at which Mom almost collapsed atop me, but I wasn't done yet. Moving my hands down, I slipped my thumbs into the pussy riding my dick and wet them, then moved them back to her sphincter. Slowly I slipped the left digit into her now loosened ass, then, as I pulled it slightly to the side, had enough room to push the other inside. With both my thumbs lodged inside, I began to move them around and push them in deeper. Mom wailed and took off like a rocket, screaming with pleasure.

Then Mom surprised me. My thumbs weren't in very far, but her asshole was spread wide and pink. Raising up on her knees, my mother let my dick slip from my cock. Grabbing it with one hand she pushed it back, but did not put it back into her cunt. Instead she pushed it further back and said, "Put this in there. Fuck me in the ass, baby, fuck my ass!"

I had never done this without lubrication, but Mom's cunt juice was lubricant enough. Once the head was in, she simply sank down on me, taking me inside in one swift stroke, and I found all nine inches up my mother's rectum. I had died and gone to heaven! Mom began to fuck my cock up and down in her asshole and I filled her bowels with my second come about two minutes later. Mom kept fucking me until I was too soft to continue, then crawled off. A mixture of come and ass juice ran down the insides of her thighs. We were both thoroughly fucked out. On wobbly legs I limped down the hall to take a shower.

After a brief nap, I dressed and went downstairs before going out on my date. I found Mom standing in the kitchen putting away dishes. "Going out now?", she asked. I nodded, and she said, with a laugh, "Well don't do anything you wouldn't do at home."

I chuckled, and said, "Same to you. You wearing the same thing as before?" I couldn't really tell. She had on white high heels and stockings, but had slipped into a white sleeveless blouse, a sort of pleated V-neck top, and a simple, black, ankle-length wrap skirt, tied at the waist.

Mom grinned and sat down on a nearby bar stool. As she crossed her legs, the skirt fell away almost to the crotch. Beneath I could see the tops of her stockings and the straps leading to the garter belt. Then she quickly twisted from side to side, and I could see her unbound breasts sway and jiggle inside the top. "What do you think?", she asked.

"I think somebody is going to get lucky to night. Who's Mister Lucky?"

"You know him Paul. It's Jerry Williams." I couldn't place the name and gave her a look of confusion. "Doctor Jerry Williams?", she prompted. "Your orthopedic surgeon, remember him?"

Oh, yeah. He had been quite taken by Mom in the hospital, but that was months ago.

Mom continued on. "I ran into him in the mall and he recognized me. He asked me how you were doing and we got to talking. One thing led to another, and he asked me out."

"Well, have fun, and don't forget your curfew.", I said. I kissed her on the cheek and left.

I went over to Jean's to pick her up and we went top the mall to the movies. Jean Delacroix was my new girlfriend. Ever since Jenny and I had broken up, she had been flirting with me on and off, and this semester we were in English together. In the last week or so I had cut way back on my afternoon affairs (let's face it, why bother when I could fuck both my sister and my mother at home). Surprisingly, I had made almost no use of The Power with Jean. The most I had done was use it to get her to answer the questions: 1) Are you serious or just fucking with my head? 2) Do you want to screw with me? She answered affirmatively to both questions, that she was serious and that she was planning on fucking, so I made her forget that little conversation and asked her out. Our first date hadn't been too serious, just Mickey D's followed by some light necking, but I had gathered that she would not be averse to going a whole lot farther tonight.

We went to the Cineplex at the local mall to see the latest Bond film. A heroic hero, dastardly villains, damsels in distress showing as much skin as PG-13 would allow, great stunts, crashes, and explosions, and all the gratuitous violence that could be packed into two hours and five minutes. What was even wackier was what I saw before the film.

First off, as we went into the mall, I saw Mom and Doctor Williams sitting at the bar in a high class pizza and bar chain. Mom was seated on a barstool giving the good doctor a real eyeful. Her legs were crossed much like she had shown me at home, and damn near everything was on display. Whenever he lifted his eyes from her lap, he could almost see her nipples because her V-neck top kept sliding off her shoulders. They got up to go to the movies, too, so I sent them both a thought, {Ignore me. You don't see me.}

Then, ahead of Jean and me in the theater line, I saw Sue and her friend Bonnie Jo in the company of a pair of seniors I had seen around school. Sue had changed her outfit but good, and I laughed to think how much she had been rooting around in Mom's closet lately. Tonight she was wearing black denim jeans, skin-tight, an electric blue satin blouse, and matching blue heels, all of which I had seen Mom wear in the past. She was wearing her own black bra and (I presume) panties. I knew she had the bra on because the blouse was unbuttoned to the waist. Her friend Bonnie Jo was dressed equally depraved. She had on tight blue jeans, heels, and a miniscule, mid-riff baring top. I doubted she had any underwear on - I could tell by the top that she certainly was missing a bra! Bonnie Jo is a small girl with a devilish pixie face, slightly taller than Sue, but much slimmer, and those perky little breasts and erect little nips were standing firm and proud. Like Sue, she was a cheerleader also, and had a reputation of gladly screwing any jock available. Both the guys were basketball players, and towered over the girls. I used The Power to make them not see us also.

After the movie, I took Jean into the pizza place where I had seen my mother earlier and we had a late dinner. Then we went parking, whereupon we got into the back seat and got lucky. Nothing fancy, just a mutual handjob, then she pulled her clothes off and climbed into my lap and screwed. Jean is a very pretty girl, almost exactly my age, and midway in height between my sister and mother, and me. She considerably outweighs the two of them, but that was basically because she was a large boned lady. For instance, her tits are 38s but only B cups, since her chest is so much bigger than theirs. Also, Jean's on the gymnastics team and is very well muscled, and for a given volume muscle weighs more than fat. She's got long and straight chestnut colored hair and very fair skin, and the cutest heart shaped face. In the sack she was much quieter than Sue or Mom, content to simply thrash around heatedly when she got off, an interesting contrast. She was very orgasmic.

The next day I quietly quizzed the other members of my household how they had done on their dates. Mom giggled and admitted that she had followed our earlier script to the letter, going to bed with Williams in only her garter belt, stockings and heels, then doing a sixty-nine and an assfuck. "Jesus, Paul, I've never been assfucked by two guys in one day before.", she mentioned, which only made me wonder whether she had ever fucked in any way two guys in one day. I got the impression she had.

Sue surprised me, since I had figured that she wouldn't have done anything with another couple around. However, her little foursome had gone parking as well, with Bonnie Jo and friend in the front seat and Sue and her date in the back. Both couples got into some pretty heavy necking (Sue had a hickey the next day). When Sue couldn't see her friend's head after a bit, and heard a slurping sound, she figured a BJ was going on up front, and gave her date a hand job. By this time of course, her open-front bra was indeed open. Later on, she let him get some stinkfinger and she sucked him off while Bonnie Jo and date got each other off while watching Sue blow her date. It seemed as if my sister had a really strong urge for exhibitionism!
Chapter 7
Home - Top   Feedback to author


Home « rlfj's Page « The Power Index « Previous - Settings
Chapter 7
Posted: December 05, 2001 - 12:00:00 am
Updated: February 27, 2008 - 07:56:13 pm
?

It was about this time that I performed my first intervention. I was beginning to get awfully concerned about my grades in Chemistry, a required science course. I had never been able to catch up to what I had missed during my hospitalization, and my physical therapy had mostly been the same time as my Chemistry class. I had squeaked by first semester with a C-; now I was heading for the basement. My other courses I had managed to make up with no sweat, but I had this real mental block where Chemistry was concerned.

Later, when I went to college and majored in History, I took Geology (Rocks for Jocks!) as my science requirement. You'd be surprised just how much geology and geography have affected 'the course of human events'. Even math is pretty useful, in things like population statistics and trend analysis, but for the life of me, I have never been able to understand or appreciate Chemistry.

But what to do? I could use The Power to make Mr. Jennings give me an A, but that seemed to be a long, slippery slope which I was afraid to tread. Absolute power corrupts absolutely and all that stuff. But maybe I could trade for a better grade. I wasn't proud - a C would do quite nicely, thank you. So I asked him to meet me after school one day to discuss my problems. Once the classroom door was closed, I took control and asked him what I could do to help him.

Boy, was I surprised! I had figured it would be something complex, like world peace (pretty difficult), or something easy, like money (a simple stock tip). No, he wanted something somewhere in the middle. Mr. Jennings was a man of simple tastes, not desiring the impossible and perfectly happy with tenure and the paycheck of a teacher. What he wanted wasn't world peace, but marital peace!

He had a litany of complaints about his wife, many of them in the sexual arena. Most of them boiled down to the fact that he considered her fat, stupid, and lazy. For example, she never wore clothes that turned him on, and she never initiated sex. They had an average, middle-aged sex life, meaning they screwed two or three times a week, but he wanted more, and he wanted her to chase him around every once in a while. Yet, despite all his complaints, it came through pretty clearly that he loved his wife dearly and had absolutely no intention of leaving her. He just didn't want her to be fat, stupid, and lazy.

Hmmm! What to do? With him still under my control, something like a post-hypnotic command, I followed him to a small ranch home in a nearby subdivision and went inside to meet his wife. After about two seconds, I realized that Mr. Jennings had his wife pegged to the tee, she really was fat, stupid, and lazy. Taking command, I sent her upstairs to the master bedroom to undress and put on thigh top stockings, high heels, and a button-front sundress, all of which he had described as purchasing for her and which she would only wear when he had literally laid them out on the bed for her. After she had left, I decided that my teacher needed some work done on him as well. I gave him several thoughts, to be more sensitive and less judgmental, to be kinder and less sarcastic, and to take better care of his own body. I reminded him that he was developing a bit of a gut himself, and that he should watch what he eats and work out more, as well. Then I went upstairs to confront Mrs. Jennings.

She was naked, slipping on a pair of thigh-top stockings when I entered her room, and it was fairly apparent that she could lose at least forty pounds around her middle. Still, she had probably been a pretty good looking lady when she was young, and a wedding photo on the dresser showed that she had a beautiful round face and surprisingly large knockers in her low-cut gown. Now, she had several chins, and her tits were really big but sagged terribly. As she continued to dress, I had her tell me about what she thought was the reason for her husband's complaints. To be polite about it, she was of only average IQ, but what she lacked in intelligence she made up for with indolence. She knew she needed to lose a little weight, but exercise and dieting were hard work. As for her lack of sexual appetite, she was embarrassed by her figure. She wanted to fuck as much as her hubby did, but was ashamed to let him see her in any of the nightgowns or lingerie he would buy. High heels hurt her feet. She didn't like the taste of come, and good girls don't assfuck. Besides, good girls don't want to fuck, her mother had taught her that.

Oh, boy, I had my work cut out for me! By now she had pulled on the stockings and the heels, and had slipped on the dress but not buttoned it, since it was too small. I had her button a single button under her breasts, which tended to hide their sagginess while accenting their large size and hid her potbelly, and sit down on the edge of the bed. I ordered her to begin to masturbate, which she eagerly did, cramming her hands into her furry cunt, and began to give her commands, {You WILL diet. You WILL exercise. You WILL lose weight. Your husband's come tastes GOOD. Anal sex does NOT hurt. Anal sex IS good. It IS okay to initiate sex with your husband. You WANT to dress nicely for him. You LIKE high heels. You WANT to fuck him. You WANT him to see you as a sex toy. When he comes you WILL come.} Over and over I repeated these thoughts until, after ten minutes or so, I figured they had penetrated into her astonishingly small brain. By then, her hands were dripping with cunt juice and her pussy was gaping open, and her nipples were painfully erect inside the wide open bodice of her dress. I had her stand and go down to her husband.

As she clumped down the hall on her high heels (she really didn't know how to walk in them, and I suspected they were the wrong size anyway) I sent out final commands to put them back to normal except that neither one could see me or hear me. Mr. Jennings looked up from his newspaper as she came down the stairs and gaped at his wife with astonishment. She walked up in front of him. Reaching into the top of her dress, she tweaked her nipples and said, "Honey, I was upstairs, and I got to feeling kinda' horny. Would you mind if I gave you a blow job?" Wide-eyed, her husband tossed aside the newspaper as she knelt between his legs and began to unzip his pants. By the time they had reached the floor, his average-sized dick was in full glory. For all of his complaints about her oral technique, she certainly seemed to know what she was doing, taking it straight in and immediately beginning to bob her face the full length of his cock. Whether Mr. Jennings had a problem with premature ejaculation or not (Mrs. Jennings said he didn't, but she was so dumb I wasn't sure I believed her), he shot off inside of only a few minutes, and for the first time in her life, Mrs. Jennings slurped up his come. True, she had gagged slightly and allowed a few drops to dribble down to her tits, but then she leaned backed, lifted her boobs to her mouth and licked them up. "That was tasty, honey.", she announced coyly.

I had planned on leaving once they got started, but her performance was so outstanding, I decided to watch. Next she stood up and came closer. Lifting her right leg and placing her foot on the cushion next to him, she said, "Darling, you got off. Why don't you help me come until you get a stiffy again?" Cautiously, almost fearfully, Mr. Jennings reached out to touch his wife's right leg, then slid his hand slowly up and over her knee to her crotch. Her cunt hair, which was long and thick, was sopping wet, and he shoved three fingers into the gaping hole. Meanwhile she closed her eyes and began to play with both tits. I sent her a command, {Trim your cunt hair.}, and she said, "Billy, would you prefer it if I trimmed my pubic hair a bit? That way, maybe you could see it better, and maybe you'd like to eat me more." I immediately sent him a command to want to eat trimmed cunt, and he dumbly nodded up at her. His cock stiffened almost immediately.

As soon as she saw that he was erect again, Mrs. Jennings stepped back from the couch and knelt down on the floor. Spreading her knees wide, she reached back and pulled her dress to her waist. Large and meaty globes faced my Chemistry teacher as he eagerly crawled down behind her and stuck his cock into her pussy. Grabbing her hips he began to pound into her well lubricated slit. It was then that she surprised him even further by leaning her head down to the floor and raising her ass even further. Looking back over her shoulder, she said, "Put it in my ass, darling." Dumbfounded, Mr. Jennings did just that, pulling out and guiding his oily dick into her anal sphincter. He went to shove it in, but I commanded him to take his time, and Mrs. Jennings gave only a small initial wince, then relaxed as he slowly pushed in deeper. In no time at all, he was giving her long and full strokes up her chute, while she sighed in contentment, until finally, with his hips moving like a jackhammer, he cried out and came up her rectum. Afterwards, sweaty and their crotches coated with mingled love juices, they lay together on the floor and cuddled. I left with a big grin on my face.

I had an immense boner the entire drive home, and got home just as Mom was going in the door. I immediately sent a command to Sue to go upstairs and stay up there until Mom called for dinner, then had Mom take off her blouse and bra and give me two successive sucks. She was pretty nervous about doing this while Sue was in the house, but I used The Power to calm her objections. I really needed a couple of blowjobs from a redhead with big tits!

Since then, I have used The Power sparingly to help other people. It simply doesn't work on all things, and there are simply too many people in the world for me to affect. In fact, I learned the hard way it could make things worse! I once used The Power to convince a group of junkies to quit cold turkey, and about half of them later died from withdrawal. The craving was simply too strong to be counteracted and the ones who didn't die became psychotic. While I told myself that they would have all died of overdoses and disease anyway, the aftermath was too horrible and scary for me to attempt again.

But I did get my C.

For the rest of the semester I followed up on Mr. Jennings, at least. Jean was housebreaking a puppy at the time and told me one of the tricks was to always give positive feedback whenever the puppy did something right. If it was good enough for a beagle, it was good enough for a teacher. So, every few days I would stay after class, take control of Mr. Jennings, and ask him how things were going. I would ask him if he was working out, eating properly, and losing weight, and if the answers were positive, I would effectively pat him on the head and give him a doggie treat! (Not really, but I would stroke his ego.) I began to notice, for instance, that he began to brown bag it to school, bringing more fruits and vegetables to eat. I also made sure that he gave positive reinforcement to his wife, to let her know that he appreciated what she was doing for him.

Months later, about midway through the summer vacation, I ran across the pair of them shopping in the local mall. The difference between then and when I had started was striking, like one of those before and after pictures. His potbelly was basically gone and what was left seemed to be much more toned up. In his wife's case it was really obvious. She had lost almost thirty pounds, almost all in her ass and waist, and while her face was still full, she was back down to a single chin. Now, for instance, her bustline was much larger than her waistline, and she generally looked much healthier. They were holding hands like teenagers.

It was time for some fine tuning. Walking up to them I greeted them both, then took control. I used The Power to suggest that we have lunch at a Chinese place in the food court, and as we sat down, had them begin to discuss the progress they had made on the sexual front. Mister Jennings was basically as happy as a pig in shit, although he really wanted her to dress a bit more provocatively in public and wear heels more often. When I asked his wife about this, she commented that she thought he only wanted her to dress like that at home, and as for the shoes, they still hurt her feet. She was, at heart, still as dumb as a box of rocks, but that heart was in the right place. When I asked her if she wanted him to do anything different, she mentioned that she would like her husband to stop wearing briefs and start wearing boxers. That way it would be easier for her to reach inside and grab his cock!

I sent her husband off on some errands, first, to buy her a nice nightgown and himself some boxers, and second, to buy her a couple of playtoys, AKA marital aids, AKA vibrators. Then I slipped a couple of fifties in her pocketbook and took her shopping (I knew that she was watching her budget much better now, but still didn't have a lot of spare cash, whereas my cash situation was quite fine, thank you very much.) First we went down to the mall's K-Mart, where she bought a short-sleeved blouse, a shorter skirt with buttons up the front, and a pair of thigh top stockings. I had her put these clothes on in a dressing room, and nothing else except her sneakers. Her tits still sagged, but not as bad as before, and I figured her husband would be pleasantly impressed with their bounce and sway until the thin cotton of the blouse. Then we went down to a shoe store, where I asked her what her shoe size was. When she told me 6B, I had a clerk measure her. Needless to say, she was actually a 7D, so of course high heels hurt her feet! The clerk got a real thrill helping her try on some inexpensive high-heeled sandals, since I had Mrs. Jennings undo a few buttons on her skirt, and he could see her nicely trimmed pubes clearly. I must admit, a decent exercise program had firmed her calves and thighs up remarkably - she had a nice pair of legs.

When her hubby returned he gave a low whistle and his pants tented when he saw her. As a final touch, I gave her a command that she enjoyed wearing skirts and stockings in public, and that when she was in a car with her husband, she should show as much leg and tit as she could get away with. As they left the mall together, his arm around her waist, I could see her surreptitiously undoing a few more buttons, both top and bottom. I could tell the driver was about to get an eyeful.

My sex life was going pretty good at this point. Jean was doing me regularly on the weekends, and weekdays, I was alternating my attentions on Mom and Sue. All in all, things were humming along quite merrily, when all of a sudden things moved to a whole new plane.

It was the middle of the week, a Wednesday, and I had arrived home from the gym just as Sue got home from cheerleader practice. She still had on her uniform, which consisted of a short skirt and sweater outfit, knee socks, and sneakers, all in the school colors of red and gold. Mom hadn't gotten home yet, but it seemed a bit late to fool around. Still, Sue followed me up the stairs and down to my room, where she nuzzled up against me and said, "How about I show you a new cheer?"

Well, never let it be said that Paul Harron turned down a fuck! "Rah, rah, rah!", I said, and sat down on the edge of my bed. Reaching under her skirt, I grasped her red and gold panties and pulled them down to her knees. Sue wriggled them down to her feet and then stepped out of them. As her legs spread apart, I crammed my middle finger up her snatch to the hilt, eliciting a loud gasp. Sue had to grab my shoulders to keep from falling backwards. I looked up at her and said, "Take off your bra."

Sue grabbed the hem of the sweater and began to pull it off, but I stopped her. "Unh, unh. Leave the sweater on. Take off just the bra." She looked at me with confusion, and I explained, "You want to show me a new cheer, you have to be in uniform. Lift your leg up here.", I said, tapping her left leg.

With a smile, Sue lifted her left leg up alongside me, then pulled her head back through the neckhole of the sweater. While I untied her sneaker, she undid her bra, then she switched legs and pushed her arms into the arms of the sweater. When she moved to pull the sweater back down below her breasts I stopped her. "Just stand there and play with your tits. Kick off your sneakers. Let me get you off like this." While my right index finger plumbed the depths of her cunt, I used the fingers of my left hand to frig her clit mercilessly. Sue let out a low moan as her back arched. Eyes closed, she fingered her nipples as her torso spasmed in orgasm!

I gave her two real good comes this way, then decided I needed to get my rocks off before Mom came home. I kicked off my own shoes, and hurriedly stripped off my pants and stretched out on my bed, my hard cock pointing northward. Sue moved to climb on top of me but I repositioned her in a way that Jean had shown me. We had been fooling around at her house one night when her parents were out, and we had screwed on her bedroom floor in front of her full length mirrors on the doors of her closet. With me behind her and lying on our sides, I had entered her from the rear while she diddled her clit, and we watched our fuck in the mirror. While I didn't have a handy mirror at the present, I had really gotten off on the whole scene and wanted to repeat it.

Grabbing Sue's hips, I moved my legs between hers and spread them wide, then ordered my sister to reach down and insert my cockhead into her cunt. Once it was past the entrance, I pushed down on her hips, forcing my dick up into her well lubricated snatch. Reaching around, I grabbed a couple of handfuls of D cup tit, and told her to play with herself. Her fingers snaked down to her crotch, and I could feel the vibrations as she moved the oily nubbin around. I was enjoying myself immensely and feeling like I was getting close to coming myself when I heard something behind me.

My room wasn't the largest room, and my bed took up most of the wall nearest the door, with my desk and a couple of chairs on the far side near the window. Normally, if I was lying on my bed, I could see whoever was at the door. But right at that instant, in the position we were in, somewhat angled on the bed, my back was to the door. I looked over my shoulder to find Mom staring through the gap, with a look of shock intermixed with interest on her face. Sue hadn't noticed anything, being too far gone in the midst of another orgasm. I continued to stroke in and out of my sister's pussy as I looked Mom in the eyes.

{Don't worry. It's all right. It's okay. Join us if you want.}, I sent out. I was curious what Mom would do, but I had no intention of stopping the screwing of Sue, it was just too good.

Amazingly enough, Mom opened the door wider, to get a better look, so I sent some more thoughts as reinforcement. {We're having fun. You like to fuck. We like to fuck. All of us can fuck. Come in. Join us.} Mom slowly stepped through the door, even as Sue began shaking and yelling, "Fuck me, Paul, fuck me!" She was still shaking as Mom stepped around the foot of the bed into her line of vision. Sue would have bolted upright if my arms hadn't been around her, holding her breasts.

{It's all right.}, I sent to her, {It's cool. It's okay. Don't stop. Watch Mom. She's horny, too. Let's invite Mom to join us.} Sue calmed down, but kept staring at her mother as I pistoned her from the rear.

"Hi, Mom, I guess you found out our little secret. Care to join us?", I asked.

Mom was almost flabbergasted by the question, but she couldn't take her eyes from Sue's and my crotches, where my cock was quite visibly slipping into and out of my sister.

"Sit down, Mom. Make yourself comfortable. You look very nice today. Why don't you pull your skirt to your waist. I'd love to see your panties while I fuck Sue. Get undressed, why don'tcha'!", I said.

Almost robotically, Mom collapsed into my desk chair and faced us. She was wearing a navy blue skirt suit with a white blouse and blue high heels, and really looked sharp. Swiveling to face us, she spread her legs and tugged the hem of her skirt up her thighs, spreading her legs wide as she did. Shortly both Sue and I could see that her sheer stockings were thigh tops, and not held in place with a garter belt.

"Take off your clothes Mom, but leave on the stockings and heels. Show Sue just how gorgeous you are in the nude."

Mom began by unbuttoning her jacket and tossing it on my armchair, then took off her blouse. She had on a plain, white bra, which matched the panties we could easily see. A dark spot began to appear on her panties, where her excitement was becoming obvious. Additionally, her nipples were erect and pushing against the fabric covering them. As Sue watched wide-eyed, her mother reached behind her and unclasped her bra, to toss that aside as well. Finally, Mom stood and unzipped the skirt, then pushed it and the wet panties down her legs. Sue gasped at the sight of her mother's bare-shaven snatch, with Mom's clit prominently visible at the top of her moist, pink slit.

Mom stood there briefly, before reaching down to spread her labia and insert a finger into her own pussy. It emerged glistening with moisture, which Mom promptly rubbed around both extended nipples. Mom began to fingerfuck herself as she watched me screwing my sister, so I invited her to join us.

"Hey, Mom, when was the last time you did a guy and a girl together?", I asked conversationally. "If you like to eat pussy, why don't you suck on Sue's clitty and get us both off?"

Mom blushed at the mention of her bisexuality but came over to the bed. Kneeling down, she took her daughter's face in her hands and gave a long loving kiss to Sue's lips. Sue was too shocked to complain, and then was too aroused to care, when Mom moved her hands to her chest and replaced my own on her nipples. Moaning lowly, Sue kissed Mom back. Next Mom licked down Sue's neck and suckled her breasts. Finally, my mother licked her way southward, briefly stopping to lick Sue's navel, then went down and began to tongue the clit exposed above the slit my cock was turgidly plowing. As Mom began to feverishly suckle Sue's clit, Sue let out a cry of passion, so Mom cupped and rubbed my balls, which got me off big time. Grabbing my sister by the hips, I forced myself as far into her as I could, spewing out a stream of come that I thought would never end. Much of it ended up being forced out of her cunt, and Mom began to lick come from my balls and our sweaty thighs.

Sagging backwards, I let my limp dick pull out of Sue's pussy, to be followed by a stream of juice which Mom continued to lap up. Regaining the power of speech, Sue looked down between her legs, to see her mother looking up as she continued eating her, and said, "God, Mom, that was fantastic!"

Mom pulled her come smeared face away from Sue's pussy and asked, "Did you like it? I mean really like it?"

"Yeah, that was great. I had no idea girls could do that sort of thing!"

Mom sheepishly lowered her eyes, then asked in a quiet voice, "Well, we can both do it if you want?"

It took my sister a moment to understand, then her eyes opened wide. "Uh, I guess so, I mean if you want. I don't know how..."

Mom looked up excitedly. "Just do to me what you would want Paul to do." Looking over at me, she asked accusingly, "You do eat your sister, don't you?" I grinned and nodded, and Mom took control. She crawled onto the bed and moved into the classic sideways sixty-nine position. Moments later, she buried her face in Sue's pussy, and after a brief gasp of pleasure, Sue leaned her own face forward and began to gently lick at Mom's cunt.

I watched with growing excitement, knowing I was going to have to get some of this action, and finished stripping off my clothes. The difference in styles was fascinating. Mom was considerably more vocal, crying out in orgasm, constantly shaking and pulling her face back to gasp out her joy. Sue was both quieter and more concentrated, never letting up on licking Mom's slit and clit. Finally, as my dick re-energized, I decided to join in.

Moving to the end of the bed with Sue's head, I helped Mom to straddle her daughter's face and pushed her back into the sixty-nine position. Then, carefully moving so as not to hit Sue in the head with my knees, I crawled onto the bed between Mom's nylon clad legs. "Put me in.", I told Sue, and when my dickhead was at the entrance of Mom's cunt, I lunged forward, pushing all nine inches in at once. Mom let out a shriek of delight and moved to straighten up, but I forced her back down and she put her face back into Sue's crotch. I began to piston her pussy, and came shortly after Mom told Sue to start licking my nuts. I promptly filled Mom with another load, and when I pulled out, Sue began to lick the cream dripping from the gash above her.

I decided to let the two women continue to pleasure each other, and announced I was going to take a shower before dinner, and I would see them downstairs. Mom looked up at this and grinned. "Don't wear anything too difficult to take off, Paul, and don't wear any underwear!" With a snort, I grabbed a pair of loose but comfortable sweatpants and a matching zip-up sweatshirt, and hobbled down the hall.

I was well into the preparation of leftovers for supper when Mom and Sue came downstairs to the kitchen. They had both showered and cleaned up, and were now barefoot and wearing short terry robes. Seeing the warmed up roast beef, Mom commented that I needed protein, at which Sue giggled and said I had to drink lots of fluids. "Hard-dee-har-har. You two are just a laugh riot.", I commented. We ate at the kitchen table, and the ladies sat close to me. It seemed that their robes kept loosening, since they had to keep adjusting the belts, and I saw an awful lot of tit and pussy at the table that night. Finally, dinner over, I said, "I cooked, you two clean.", and went into the living room to watch the rest of the news.

Planning ahead, I sat in the middle of the couch, and when the dishes were done, Mom and Sue came in and sat on either side of me, Mom on my right and Sue on my left. I lifted my arms and they snuggled up against me as I lowered my hands to their shoulders. Once the news was over, I found the two of them snuggling even closer, running their hands over my legs and chest. By now, their robes were extremely loose, and I could see everything. I was getting pretty stiff, and not just because they were alternately rubbing my cock through the fabric of my sweatpants. I let my fingers slide Mom's robe off one shoulder and she responded my letting it slip off entirely, then unzipping my sweatshirt. Sue unceremonially stripped off her robe and, grabbing the waistband of my pants, pulled them down and off my legs, so that we were all naked on the couch together.

My two housesluts decided that I needed a blowjob, so they pushed the coffee table away and knelt at my feet. Only, first they decided to torture me. It was a very slow blow job, and they stopped frequently to kiss each other and play with their tits and clits. The fellatio lasted almost an hour, with them stopping and starting up again, until I began to beg them to finish me off. Mom showed Sue a new trick, by having Sue gently nibble and suck on my distended cockhead while she stuck her index finger in her pussy and then slid it to the second knuckle up my asshole. As she massaged my prostate, I let out a weak gurgle and my dick gave a big "Ooomph!" and popped out of my sister's mouth, to begin splattering Sue's face with a copious spurt of come. Mom then jerked me off onto Sue's big tits, then lay down next to her and licked the jism off those quivering mounds. I was delighted to see that Sue got into switch hitting as much as Mom did, since no single man would ever be able to quench these two.

I was already half aroused when they returned their attentions to my groin and began licking me to stiffness again. In between slurps on my lollypop, Mom asked Sue just how much I had taught her. It seems as if she had half expected me to bust Sue's cherry the night of our date, and was rather approving of the whole idea, feeling me a much more caring teacher than some asshole in the back seat of a car. That was why she had allowed Sue to go out that night looking like an invitation to a rape.

Sue then explained to Mom that the two of us had been screwing every day for the last week-and-a-half after school, and that I had been showing her a bunch of new positions and ways to fuck. But when Mom asked if I had screwed her in the ass yet, Sue wrinkled her face up and went, "Ugghh! Gross!"

Uh, oh! {It's fun. It's natural. It won't hurt.}, I thought to Sue, while to Mom I sent, {Teach her.}

"Listen, honey, it's actually a lot of fun. A lot of women enjoy a cock up the ass; I know I do! All the nerves down there are sort of connected, and it's just like having a dick in your pussy, just different. You saw how your brother reacted when I stuck my finger up his ass, didn't you? Same thing." I could see that she was beginning to get through to my sister. "Now, I'll be back in just a couple of minutes. I'm going upstairs to get a few things, so you see if you can't keep Paul busy. Just don't let him come." She stood and left the room, while Sue bent back down between my legs and gently licked the undersides of my balls.

When she returned it was with a shoebox that she normally kept in the top drawer of her nightstand and that I knew contained some sex toys. To Sue's open-mouth gape, she laid them out on the coffee table and explained the use of vibrators and KY jelly.

"Now, climb up on Paul's lap facing him. Paul, when your sister is in position, put your cock in her pussy and let her bounce for a bit." Sue crawled up on top of me and impaled herself on my new erection. It felt pretty damn good. After a few strokes though, Mom had us stop. "Now, lean forward, honey, and stop. Don't move until I tell you to."

I pulled Sue forward until her breasts were flattened against my chest, raising her ass slightly in the process. Even though Sue couldn't see what Mom was up to, I could. First she squirted a little KY on Sue's asshole, which caused to Sue to start, but I held her firm. Then Mom squirted a little more on a rather small and thin vibrator. This she pressed against my sister's anus and pushed in. Sue gave a quiet "Unnnhhh." and tried to move away, but I had my hands on her hips and kept her in place. Mom then began to slowly move the dildo in and out in slow strokes as Sue got used to her new anal invader.

After a few minutes Sue began to enjoy the sensation of being fucked in both holes and began to respond, moving against me and slowly bouncing on my cock. That was when Mom decided to liven things up, by flicking the switch on the vibrator. As it went into overdrive, so did Sue! Crying out with pleasure, she began to bounce on my lap, screaming as she came, and it was all Mom and I could do to keep up, me sucking Sue's tits and Mom moving the vibrator around in Sue's ass. Sue came repeatedly, and I popped when Mom repositioned the vibrator slightly so that it was rubbing my cock through only a few millimeters of flesh. I arched my back in spasms of rapture and now it was Sue's business to hold on, lest she fall off backwards.

Afterwards, Mom commented that she should work up slowly to a real assfuck, using larger dildos each time, until she was ready. If the guy rushed things or she wasn't well lubricated, it could hurt. When Sue asked if Mom was going to get assfucked next, Mom simply smiled and said, "Soon, soon."

All three of us had to take a break at that point, to clean up a bit and wind down. I was too pooped to pop for a while, so Mom made cocoa and we cuddled under a large afghan, naked, petting and groping under the covers. I managed to get both ladies off a couple of times, and eventually they had me stiff again.

At this point, Mom threw the covers off and announced it was time for me to fuck her in the ass. This went a little differently than I had expected, doggy style. Instead, Mom sat on my lap, facing away from me, and lowered her pussy onto my cock. She was pretty hot and wet, and she was planning on using her own cuntjuice as the lube. After a couple of preliminary strokes she lifted her ass up and had Sue kneel between her legs. Following her mother's instructions, Sue positioned my cockhead at Mom's anus, and held me in place as Mom relaxed her sphincter and took me in. Mom slowly sank down until she was sitting back in my lap, but now with my cock in her rear. Sue's pussy had felt tight earlier, but this felt even tighter!

I think both Sue and I expected Mom to begin bouncing on my cock but she surprised both of us. Pointing to a rather large vibrator, one at least as big as my cock, Mom ordered Sue to stick it into her pussy, so that she was plugged coming and going. Sue and I were both amazed to see it slide in, inch by inch, until only the base was showing. Mom had been twitching atop me all the time it was being inserted. Sue was told to turn it on but couldn't find the switch. Mom simply reached between her legs and twisted the base, then promptly fell back against me as the gizmo began buzzing. She began to spasm around my dick in her ass, repeating endlessly, "Oh God, oh God..." She let it slip from her fingers and it began to slide out, until Sue grabbed hold of the base and pushed it northward again. At this, Mom simply collapsed back onto me, so Sue grinned and began torturing her mother with the artificial cock, sliding it in and out, twisting it around. The coup de grace' came when, with the vibrator pushed in fully, Sue lifted the base upwards to rub against the underside of Mom's clit. Shrieking, Mom began to jerk about, and her rectum began to contract around my cockshaft. Trapped, I exploded into her bowels as I reached around and pulled and prodded her nipples. Wow, what a come! Afterwards, the three of us went upstairs, to shower again and collapse raggedly to sleep in our own beds.

I will never know why I didn't flunk out of school that semester. From that night on, I rarely, if ever, spent a twenty-four hour period without getting laid, often multiple times, and often by more than one woman. Jean was really taking care of business on weekends, and the rest of the time Mom and Sue were hauling my ashes. Not that I was complaining, mind you; when you're in pig heaven, don't make waves in the slop.

Specific bedrooms became somewhat silly, since anybody might be spending a night in almost anybody's bedroom. I might be in Sue's bed, or Mom might be in mine - or even Sue might be in Mom's! I remember one night in particular, when Sue went to bed early, and Mom enticed me into staying the night in her room. The next morning I returned to my room to find my sister in my bed, wearing a see-through baby-doll and pouting that I hadn't spent the night with her. It was most confusing, trying to keep track.

All in all, though, it was vastly entertaining. The three of us all maintained our non-incestuous relationships. It became the thing to do, before Mom went out on a date, for both Sue and me to screw her ragged before sending her on her way. Inasmuch as a woman is never as horny as when she's just gotten some, I doubt her boyfriends complained. Certainly, on most of her future dates, Mom was lacking bra and panties when she went out the door.

Sue's single partner status lasted only until the weekend after Mom caught us in the sack and joined us. She and Bonnie Jo double dated with the basketball players again that Saturday night, and this time went back to one of the boy's house, where his parents were away for the weekend. Sue told me that they got into some heavy petting in the living room, and before they could split into pairs to hit the bedrooms, the two of them found themselves naked. So they simply did their boyfriends there in the living room, screwing in tandem on the couch. She told me this Sunday afternoon, while Mom was out, and demonstrated for me the positions she fucked in, on our couch. Most inspirational!

Our new-found passion made for a few interesting changes. Now for birthdays, Christmas, and the like, in addition to the regular gifts we added lingerie and toys. For instance, when Sue turned sixteen late in the summer, Mom gave Sue a sheer teddy and I gave her a deluxe double dong, almost two-feet long and three inches wide, which flexed in the center and was battery powered. Sue put the teddy on and gave me a fabulous hummer, then stripped it off and spent the evening plugged into Mom.

Mom's next birthday was only a few weeks away, so I had to move fast. First, I went down to a nearby mall and bought her some special lingerie at the Frederick's on the second floor. Then I searched high and low for just the right toy. Lastly, I picked up something at the local drugstore.

Mom's birthday took place on a Thursday, but I promised to take her and Sue out for a celebration dinner Friday night. When she got home from work, Sue and I followed her into her bedroom carrying several large and small boxes and bags. She looked at us curiously when I said, "Tonight, I want you to do as I tell you and wear what I tell you." {Obey!}

"Umm, okay, Paul...", she said as I pulled the first box out of a drugstore bag. "Paul, what in the... ?"

"No questions, Mom, just trust me. Now get undressed and stand in the shower." Mom stripped her clothes off and went into the bathroom, as both she and Sue stared at the items I took out of the box. It was a home enema kit, including the bag, flexible tubing, butt plug, and premixed soap solution. "Sue, get undressed and get in there with Mom." {Obey!} Sue tore her own clothes off and stepped into the shower in front of her mother. They both continued to stare at me. "Now, kneel and eat Mom."

Sue got down on her knees, then placing her hands on Mom's thighs, pulled her face into Mom's crotch. Mom gave a brief shudder of pleasure but kept watching as I prepared the enema. I placed the plug in her asshole, then held the bag at shoulder height as I opened the valve. She began to moan as her bowels filled with the soapy fluid, her belly pushing out against Sue's head. Once the bag was drained into her, I shut off the valve and had Sue lick Mom to orgasm. Finally I allowed her to void herself into the toilet.

When she was squeaky clean on the inside, I gave my next set of commands. "Now, I want you two to wash up, shave, whatever, then get dressed. Mom, your undies are in the boxes on the bed. Sue, I'm not too worried about your lingerie; this is Mom's night. Both of you should wear something nice in the way of dresses, though. You've got until seven-thirty to get back down to the foyer. Got it?"

They got it. I went down the hall to clean up and get dressed myself. Shortly before the appointed time, there was a knock on the door, which I answered. A large Italian-looking gentleman in a dark suit was there. I had hired a chauffeur driven limo for the evening. I greeted him and told him we would be out in a few minutes. He was surprised to be taking orders from a teenager, but I used The Power to explain that, tonight, I was in charge. He nodded and went back down the walkway.

"Paul, was that someone at the door?", asked Mom, as she and Sue came down the stairs. Both of my women wore black high heels and stockings. Sue had on a red print dress, knee-length and showing only a trace of cleavage. Mom looked equally demure in a calf-length black print dress that buttoned up the front. She had only a tasteful number of buttons undone at the hem and collar.

"Don't worry about it Mom, I took care of it. Wow, you two look lovely." I was wearing a navy blazer, white shirt, and gray slacks. "Now, just one last thing. Mom, turn around and pull your dress up."

"What?!!"

"Now, now, don't argue." I faced her towards Sue and stepped behind her. She began to inch her dress up her legs while looking over her shoulder at me. "No fair peeking. Close your eyes. Face forward." Mom turned away and closed her eyes. I suspected that she expected me to screw her before we went out, but I had something quite different in mind. As her dress got to waist level, I had her bend over. "Steady her, Sue.", I said, and Sue took Mom's shoulders.

I reached into my pocket and pulled out the last of my presents. Looking down at Mom's ass I could see part of my second present, in the form of the straps holding her long black stockings to the black waist cincher under the dress. It was more of a "Merry Widow" actually, since it went up and cupped her breasts with open cups supported by a pair of narrow and wide-set shoulder straps. My last present was what looked like a small white egg, perched on a small pedestal. It was a remote-control anal vibrator. Ordering Mom to spread her legs, I rubbed the egg along her smooth-shaved cuntlips to wet it, then inserted it into her anus. Pressing it firmly into place, I had her stand upright again and allow her dress to fall back in place.

She turned to face me with a look of curious wonder in her eyes. "Paul, what in the world are you up to?", she asked.

Innocently, I replied, "I'm just taking my mother and sister out to dinner for a birthday celebration. Why?"

"A birthday celebration with a butt plug?"

I put my hand in my coat pocket and found the remote control. I thumbed it on and Mom's back arched as she came upright like a soldier at attention. "After dinner, you are in for a night of anal delight.", I told her as she grabbed my forearms and whimpered. I thumbed the control off and she almost collapsed in the foyer.

"Oh, my God!", she stammered out. I gave her another brief, split-second buzz, then escorted her and Sue to the limousine. The driver ushered us into the back seat of the spacious Caddy, much to the looks of astonishment from some of the neighborhood kids, and we settled in for the ride downtown to the restaurant.

Dinner proved vastly amusing to Sue and me. The remote was small and I kept switching it from pocket to pocket, so Mom never knew when she was going to get buzzed. Fortunately, the gizmo was almost noiseless, and whatever sound it did make never made it past her asscheeks. You could tell though, since when I did zap her, she tended to sit bolt upright, she began to stammer, and her nipples attempted to rip through her dress. In the restaurant she tried to maintain a steady demeanor of decorum, but I thought she was going to die of mixed embarrassment and horniness when I thumbed it on while she was ordering dinner! Whenever I turned it off she would slump down in her chair to give me a dirty look and whisper out something on the order of "Sweet, Jesus, Paul!"

After dinner, we returned to the limo, where the driver had placed a bottle of champagne and three flutes. Mom started to protest, but I simply stated that none of us were driving and one bottle split three ways wouldn't hurt.

I popped the cork as we pulled out of the parking lot and we sipped a first glass as we drove through the darkened streets. Sue wrinkled her nose at the bubbles. Then, as I refilled our glasses, I asked Mom to sit on the jump seat facing backwards. She looked at me oddly, but complied.

"Now, Mom, take your dress off. I want to see how your outfit fits."

"Paul! I can't..."

"Of course you can.", I said, handing some champagne to her and Sue. "The windows are tinted and there's a barrier between us and the driver. Nobody can see you, so get undressed, please." {Strip!}

She gave me a very skeptical look as she sipped her champagne, then handed it to Sue. "Well, all right, here goes.", she said slowly. I leaned back to sip my own champagne as she slowly unbuttoned her dress, nervously looking out the windows at the street-lamp lit pavement. As she slipped it off her shoulders I had Sue pull it away, so that she was left sitting in the "Merry Widow", stockings, and heels. She looked stupendous. The outfit pulled her already narrow waist in even further while lifting her tits up even more. Now they looked like they were being served up for dinner on a platter!

I handed her back her champagne and said, "Now, lean back and relax on the ride home." Taking her free hand, I moved it into her freshly shorn crotch. "Spread your legs wide and play with yourself." As she slowly began to probe her pudenda, I switched hands on my flute and reached into my pocket again. This time I left the vibrator on for minutes at a time.

The effect on my mother was nothing short of miraculous. She arched her back and began to moan in gasping whimpers. Her nipples, already erect, stood up like bright coral pyramids. A flush enveloped her breasts and crotch, and her hand went into overdrive between her legs. A sharp scent of aroused woman filled the air as juice began to coat her fingers. She began to gasp out my name, begging me to stop. Her shaking hand caused to drop the champagne glass, some of which spilled onto her right breast. I ordered Sue in to lick it up. Mom immediately thrust both hands into her cunt as Sue nuzzled and licked at her mother's tits.

A few miles from home I shut off the vibrator and Mom collapsed on the seat, exhausted by her electronic orgasm. I had Sue help her to throw her dress back on, and if the driver noticed that Mom had missed a couple of buttons and misbuttoned the others, he didn't say a word. Of course, I used The Power to make sure he wouldn't, ever. Sue and I took Mom inside and led her upstairs to her bedroom.

By the time we got upstairs Mom had gotten control of herself and looked at us with considerable anticipation. In her room, I took her dress off, then Sue's. Sue had on a simple pair of bra and panties along with her thigh-top stockings and heels, and I took off her bra and panties as well. Lastly I stripped down to bare skin and stood there naked, my cock pointing outward. It had been constantly erect from the time I had inserted the butt plug into Mom before dinner, and I needed some relief in the worst way. I laid Mom on her back and crawled between her legs. I lifted Mom's ankles up and rested them on my shoulders. Ordering Sue to sit on Mom's face, I gave the vibrator one last buzz, then yanked it out and stuffed my cock up my mother's asshole!

God in heaven, but did she take off! Screaming out her joy into her daughter's cunt, Mom bucked her ass back at me and thrashed around as I pistoned into her rectum. It only took about five minutes for the ride to get to be too much for me; grunting loudly, I slammed my cock up her as far as I could and unleashed a torrent of come that I wasn't sure was ever going to end. As I pulled my flaccid dick out of her chute, it was followed by a healthy glob of my jism, running down and coating her asscheeks.

I immediately repositioned the pair into a sixty-nine, with Mom on top of Sue, and went into the bathroom to wash my dick off. By the time I returned, they were both writhing in a mutual orgasm and my soft cock began to harden at the sight! I crawled on the bed between Mom's legs, and ordered Sue to get me hard again. This she did with both her mouth and her hands, and once hard, I demanded, "Put it up her ass again!" It felt even better the second time.

All in all, I buttfucked Mom four times that night, all the while Sue worked on Mom's clit and tits. Mom told us later that she lost track of the number of times she had orgasmed and Sue admitted this as well. She was looking forward to her first assfuck, too, and made me promise to give her the same treatment sometime in the future, also.
Chapter 8
Home - Top   Feedback to author


Home « rlfj's Page « The Power Index « Previous - Settings
Chapter 8
Posted: December 05, 2001 - 12:00:00 am
Updated: February 27, 2008 - 07:56:13 pm
?

By this time I was well on my way to understanding and harnessing a second effect of The Power. For some time now I had noticed that I could tell what people were feeling. No, this was not any form of mind reading - I have never been able to read anybody's thoughts. But I can get a good feel for their emotions.

The best way of describing it is from something I learned in Physics last year. Mr. Wilson had described something called sympathetic or harmonic vibration. This is the effect caused when one vibrating object induces a similar vibration, in the same or a related frequency, in a separate object. For instance, a vibrating guitar string can cause a vibration in a different guitar string if they are both tuned to the same note, even though the second string may be at a different octave. He even described a case where a bridge designer had failed to take into account the wind, at the Tacoma Narrows. When the wind was just right, the suspension wires and bridge deck began to sway and vibrate, and ultimately tore the bridge down! He even had a copy of some very famous film footage of this happening! It was outrageously fascinating to see this huge suspension bridge twisting like a rubber band.

As soon as I noticed this effect, I understood what was happening. An individual's emotions set up a "harmonic vibration" in my own emotions, giving me a clear insight into that person's feelings. While I couldn't read their thoughts, I could definitely feel their emotional state. Love, anger, greed, lust, hatred, - whatever - I could sense them, even if the person was poker-faced and unconscious.

I had first really noticed this when I was picking out a tax lawyer. Shortly after the New Year, my stockbroker asked me what I was going to do about taxes, since I had already made a fair bit of money by the end of the year. I was rather shocked to learn I needed to file taxes, but he explained that my income level certainly seemed enough that I couldn't hide behind Mom's skirts much longer. So I got some names from him and interviewed a couple, getting a few more names in the process. I settled on a young lawyer only a few years out of law school, a junior associate at a large Atlanta firm, who didn't have much experience, but had all the emotions I could ask for. He was ambitious, smart, honest, hungry - and in a vast surprise for me, was horny for me! Beneath his three-piece suit, the shyster was a flaming faggot who was seriously turned on by me. This took me back a bit, but while homosexuality sickens me, homosexuals don't sicken me. Most of the ones I've met over the years have been very nice people, not much different than anybody else except in whom they sleep with. Since I had no tendencies in this area, the horny lawyer didn't bother me in the slightest. I hired him anyway, and have never been sorry I did so.

My relationship with Jean was in many ways based on my reading of her "harmonics". When we had first met and she had started flirting with me, I could sense some true interest, and simply used The Power to have her confirm it for me. Afterwards, I was very sparing of thinking commands to her, mainly being content to use it to get her to do something that I had already sensed she wanted to do. A case in point was a date we had a few weeks after Mom's birthday bash.

It was a pretty standard date; we were simply going down to the mall, for some pizza and a movie, then afterwards were going parking or whatever. I was wondering if now that my homestead was so liberal if I was going to be able to start bringing girls home and screw someplace more comfortable than the back seat of my car. Occasionally the positions could be hell on my bad knee. Everything started off fairly normal, but as we were driving away from Jean's home I got a definite buzz of dismay from her.

"What's the matter?", I asked.

"Why, nothing, what do you mean?", she said. I could tell she was lying, but not about what.

"I don't know, just you had a look in your eye, like there was a problem. What's up?"

"Oh, it's nothing. I've got a run in my hose that I didn't notice when I put them on, that's all." She angled her hips towards the door, letting me see the back of her legs, and sure enough, a small run ran up her left calf from ankle to the back of her knee. She was dressed nicely, if a bit plainly, in a cardigan sweater and denim mini-skirt, with two-inch heeled pumps (not too low, but not high enough to be called fuck-me shoes.)

"No sweat.", I announced. "We'll simply stop in the mall and let you pick up a new pair. You can change in a dressing booth or someplace."

Jean's outlook brightened considerably, especially after I thought, {I'll pay.}, to her. Jean's family didn't have much more money than we did pre-Power, so I knew she probably didn't have money to pay her way tonight, not that I've ever asked a girl to go Dutch. She seemed to think this was only fair, but was always rather relieved when I paid for everything. Fortunately, she also seemed to believe that if a girl didn't split the night's costs, she should pay in another, more old-fashioned, way, and I heartily approved. Don't get me wrong, though, Jean was not a golddigger.

When we got inside the mall, Jean began to head for the local Wal-Mart, but I steered her down the hallway to a Victoria's Secret located near the food court. Jean was flabbergasted when I led her inside, but I simply told her that I wanted her to have something nice. After all, she had gotten the run on a date with me, so it was really my fault, wasn't it.

It was amusing to watch her reactions for the next several minutes. She nervously told a helpful clerk that, no, she didn't need help, then asked where the pantyhose were. She scurried over to the display and began to anxiously look through them, nervous about both the prices, which she was quite unused to, and my presence, which she was equally unused to when trying on clothes. She would look over her shoulder at me every time she had picked a pair, at which I would shake my head negatively, as if to say, 'not quite.'

Finally, she had worked her way through the rack and hadn't found anything I approved of, so facing me, she asked, "Well, what then? You haven't liked anything I've chosen."

Taking her by the hand, I led her around the rack to the other side, where stockings and not hose were displayed. Jean's eyes opened wide as she realized what she was seeing; she had about zero experience with fancy lingerie. "Why don't you look over here.", I commented.

"Paul, I couldn't!", she whispered in a shocked tone.

Gently, I put my hands on her hips and turned her back to the display. Stepping up behind her, I leaned down and whispered in her ear. "Sure you can. I want to see you in stockings. They're so much sexier than pantyhose. I'll know you're wearing them and I'll get so hot for you. I'll be looking forward to screwing you later on while you're wearing them. I can't screw you when you wear pantyhose. You'll make me so horny!" Meanwhile, I simply used The Power to send out subliminal feelings of relaxation and horniness, getting her in the mood, but not ordering her.

After a few minutes, Jean relented, and I let her pick out a pair of very sheer and long stockings. After I paid for them, she blushingly asked the clerk if she could change into them, since she had a run in the pair she was wearing. The clerk laughed and pointed towards the back, and I waited at the shop entrance for her to return.

Jean was still nervous but not too bad, as if she realized that despite her short skirt, nobody could see that she was the type of woman to wear stockings. She had a very prudish attitude at times, a real dichotomy from the way she acted in the back of the Taurus, Even with The Power I have never been able to understand women. I gave her a light kiss when she came up to me, and told her, truthfully, that she looked fantastic.

"God, I should hope so! I can't believe what these cost!", she exclaimed.

"Well, then, you'd better not get a run in them. Otherwise, I'd simply have to make you take them off and go bare-legged." Jean gave me a shocked look, and I got another idea. Sending out another wave of relaxation and horniness, I swiveled her away from me, to look into a mirrored post by the door of the store. Stepping up behind her, I wrapped my arms around her and hugged her against me, rubbing my erection into her bottom. "You know...", I whispered into her ear, "You'd really look hot without any underwear on. Why don't you go down to the ladies room and take them off, too. Later on, during the movie, I'll be able to play with your tits and pussy without your bra and panties in the way." This time, although she protested, she didn't complain as much as if I had asked before the stocking episode, and I continued to send out waves of horniness to her.

"Maybe, but no promises.", she giggled. Hand in hand, we strolled down to the food court, but just before we got in line to order pizza, she excused herself to go to the ladies room. She was gone about five minutes, during which time I engaged in the always enjoyable pastime of girl watching, with the added bonus of sending out commands to the girls with boyfriends that they would be especially grateful this evening. I figure that this is my little way of increasing happiness in humanity.

Jean came back, self-consciously adjusting her purse over her shoulder. Jean's breasts are a very firm thirty-eight B and she has very little jiggle to them, but I could tell that she was braless by the lack of strap marks under her sweater. "I can't believe I'm doing this!", she murmured to me.

Surreptitiously I ran my hand down her back to her ass. I confirmed that she was indeed braless but couldn't tell about the panties. She instantly knew what I was doing and squirmed away with a smiling but quiet, "Bastard!"

I grinned smugly and said lowly, "Just checking."

During our meal, Jean kept her legs crossed tightly, although I considered it highly unlikely that anybody could have seen anything anyway. I kept my hands to myself for the next hour, until we got into the theater, although I was picking up heavy "harmonics" of lust from her. We settled into a pair of seats in the far rear, and I briefly used The Power to dissuade another couple from sitting next to us. I had a strong suspicion that I was going to find the movie a vast bore, and was planning accordingly.

It took me all of about fifteen minutes to confirm my suspicions, so I decided to let my fingers do the walking to liven up the evening. First I put my arm over my date's shoulders, and as she snuggled up against me, lowered my hand to her chest. In the dark, lighted only by the screen and the flickering light over our heads, first I massaged her breasts through the sweater, then I moved my hand inside, to directly stimulate her breasts and nipples. Jean encouragingly brought her hand up to rub mine, so I leaned in to kiss her, bringing my other hand to pop a couple of buttons and play with both her tits. In short order, all thought of the movie had left her mind as we necked and petted in the dark.

After about twenty minutes of this I went to Phase Two. Straightening up, I pulled my arm from around her and brought it around front, letting it slide down till my hand was resting on her smoothly stockinged thigh. As she allowed her legs to separate, I slowly slid my fingers up the inside of her legs as far as I could reach under the denim, to the lacy elastic tops. Surprisingly, Jean cooperated by lifting her ass off the seat and tugging her skirt up, to allow me to keep going northward. For the rest of the movie I slowly massaged her slit and clit as she silently moaned beside me. I used "harmonics" to tell me when she was getting close to orgasm, at which point I would back off a touch, to allow her to come down a bit, keeping her in constant suspense and arousal. By the time the credits were rolling she was rubbing my cock through my pants and humping back at my hand in a barely suppressed state of pre-orgasm!

As the lights came back on, I smoothly withdrew my fingers from her now dripping crotch and we stood to rearrange our clothing. "Care for something to eat?", I asked innocently.

Jean reached up and pulled me down by one ear. Furiously whispering, she said, "If you don't take me somewhere and fuck me right now, I am going to simply scream!" I laughed and led her out of the mall.

Once in the car, I immediately proceeded to stuff my hand back into her cunt, at which point Jean simply began to moan loudly, slumping down into the seat. When I suggested she unbutton her sweater, she simply looked around for traffic, then dropped the seat back and unbuttoned her top, spreading it wide on her chest and pinching and rubbing her nipples as I pawed her twat. I was figuring on going parking when I saw something that gave me a better idea. Seeing a small Motel 6 type of place up ahead, I simply pulled in and parked. Jean was astonished when I got out and went inside, to return with a key. I had used The Power to get a room without ID (I paid!). I drove down to our room and got out. When I went around to open Jean's door, she simply held her sweater over her chest until I got the room door open. Inside, she simply stripped it off, along with her skirt. When she went to take off her stockings and shoes, I simply told her to leave them on. "I want to fuck you just like that.", I told her. She crawled on top of the covers and watched me undress, spreading her legs to play with herself as she did. There was no need of additional foreplay; I simply crawled between her legs and fucked the living shit out of her!

As a side note, I began to use cheap motels often. While it is true that I have screwed women in almost every place imaginable, the fact of the matter is that the good Lord invented beds for a reason. They are almost always flat, comfortable, and convenient. Until I got my own place after college, the No-Tell Motel became a favorite friend.

My most exotic use of The Power with Jean came at the end of the school year. We continued dating fairly steady (although I was getting a heavy and steady diet of fucking from Mom and Sue) and shortly before the school year was out, I took Jean to the Junior-Senior Prom. This was a fairly big deal, although not as big as the Senior Prom, which was held in a night club and was formal. At least one member of the couple must be a junior or senior, although it was rather unusual for a girl to be dating someone who wasn't at least in her own grade level, or higher. Lot's of guys, especially juniors, dated sophomores. At the Junior-Senior Prom, seniors didn't have to wear tuxes, only the juniors, and the dance was held in the school gym. Of course, only the guys wear the tuxes; their dates can wear anything they want, from miniskirt and blouse to a full formal evening gown. Most were dressed, if not formally, then at least in something considerably fancier than usual. Jean, for instance, was wearing a gold gown that she had been saving for since Christmas, with a very low cut neck and back, and a slit up the back from ankle to very high up the thighs. I was, needless to say, in a rented tux, although mine had a vest and not a cummerbund.

I had used The Power prior to the date only to convince Jean to wear something spectacular, and I had thought to her parents the last time I saw them to let her stay out very late and not to hassle her over anything she might wear (or not wear - I had specifically spelled out {Stockings! No undies! High heels! Stockings! No undies! High heels!} repeatedly). Truth be told, in a roomful of good looking babes, Jean was stunning!

The real fun came after midnight, when a bunch of us when over to Larry's house for a post-Prom party. His parents had conveniently decided to take off for the weekend (and no, I didn't help them along - they were just naturally stupid!) and Larry set it up. Sue had gone to the Prom also, with her upper-class date, but had decided to take off with him and screw him silly in his dad's Lincoln. So about eight or nine couples ended up in Larry's living room, partying with his dad's liquor cabinet. Now, I didn't get tanked, but I did have a couple of beers and was feeling playful, so I simply thought, {Horny!}, to everyone there. Shortly thereafter, couples began to sneak off to unoccupied rooms of the house to boff their brains out. After a bit the bedrooms and the den were all occupied, and I had had another beer, and decided to liven things up some more for the four couples left, including Jean and me.

{Horny! Now! Here!}

It started off calmly enough, with girls necking with their dates. I was in a large armchair with Jean in my lap, and she simply twisted around to face me and started to kiss me. I was definitely enjoying this and slid my hand inside the low cut V front of her dress, to tweak and fondle her painfully erect nipples. Despite the presence of the others with us, Jean simply moaned into my mouth and snuggled up closer for more. Around me I could here the rustling of clothes and once a zipper coming down, and when I came up for breath, I took a look at my handiwork.

Billy Shaw and his date, Carrie Preston, were necking hot and heavy over in an armchair opposite us. He had her dress unzipped in the back and the straps of her bra were down so that he could suck on her tits, while one of his hands was well up her skirt. She in turn had reached inside his pants and was wanking him off. One the floor near the fireplace, Jake Eager had his girlfriend (I never did catch her name) laid out on the carpet, with her dress both up to and down to her waist, and he was doing much what Billy was doing - eating and fngerfucking. She was simply moaning in orgasm. Larry and Sheila had taken things a step farther. She had on a red stretchy minidress, which was now around her ankles, as she knelt topless on the floor between his legs. Larry's pants were also around his ankles, and she was giving him the hummer to end hummers.

Inspired, I unzipped my pants and pulled my cock out, and twisted Jean away from me, to face the crowd. Pulling her back against me, I lifted her slightly and settled her into my lap, pulling her dress up until I could spread the slit in the back. I lowered her onto me and slipped my erection right where I wanted it, hilt deep up her cunt. Jean moaned with pleasure and leaned back against my chest, so I reached around and put both hands inside her top to massage her tits. We proceeded into a very slow motion fuck, Jean alternately flexing and releasing her cunt muscles, hardly moving at all as the tableau unfolded before us.

By the time we were finally in position, events had moved along nicely. Jake had stretched out on top of his girl with his pants down around his knees and was vigorously putting it to her while she bucked back at him. Larry had popped his cork in Sheila's mouth and was now returning the favor; after stripping her naked, he had placed her on the couch and was kneeling between her legs eating her out. He must have known what he was doing, since she had two knuckles stuck in her mouth to stifle the screams. And in the other armchair, Billy had stripped off Carrie's dress to reveal stockings and a garter belt, and she was facing him, straddling his lap and raising and lowering herself heatedly on his cock. Jean and I had an excellent view of his surprisingly large dick (he's really a peewee!) stretching her cunt as they fucked. Needless to say, after watching this for a couple of minutes Jean quickened her pace and I felt myself getting closer to spewing. Spew I did, too, with a low grunt, shortly after Billy came and right before Jake. I should point out that each of the ladies had orgasmed at least once.

We all kind of looked at each other sheepishly, then Larry broke the ice. "Paulie, don't tell me you and Jeannie didn't get it on. Shame on you!"

{Pull your dress up to your waist.} Grinning, I moved my arms and wrists, allowing Jean's dress to fall open to the waist. Blushing, she pulled the hem of her dress above her hips, to show my limp dick still in her puffy, red pussy, my come leaking out around the sides.

"Not quite, good buddy.", I commented, "Not quite."

After a few more comments from the group, the girls all headed off to the bathroom to clean up, most trying to rearrange their clothing, while us guys zipped up and opened a few more beers. But raw sex was in the air, and when they came back, Jake handed his girl a beer then quickly unzipped her dress and peeled it off again. She cooperated to the extent of shifting the beer in her hands as he stripped off her dress and bra, and by lifting a leg as he peeled off her pantyhose and panties. "Hey, baby.", he said. "I know you're never satisfied with just one, so let's fuck again!" She complained about his crudity, but not his intentions, and when she had finished her beer, she set it down and began to undress Jake.

This set off a second round, with all of us guys and Sheila and Jake's date naked, Carrie in her stockings and garters, and Jean in her stockings and heels. A note of explanation - this was public sex, not group sex. Each of us stayed with our partner the rest of the party, no swapping or anything like that. It was very interesting, and I could see how come Sue enjoyed it so much.

I got Jean home around five the next morning and we made plans to go out the next weekend. But it turned out that this was our last date. The next morning, her father, a Master Sergeant in the Army, got rush orders transferring him to San Diego. The whole family was gone by the weekend. I had lost my first love, and was heartbroken.

But that was a few weeks in the future. I used The Power in early May to give Mom a real thrill, and managed to get her a nice vacation to boot. She was still dating my ex-doctor, and came home from a date a bit early. Sue had already gone to bed (whispering to me beforehand that she would be going to my bed), so it was just Mom and me downstairs when she came in. I could tell by her harmonics that she was a bit nervous and perplexed.

"What's up, Mom? You look a bit out of sorts?", I asked as she dropped her keys on the foyer table.

She glanced at me in surprise, then shook her head. "It's nothing, Paul. I'm just tired."

Nothing changed in her harmonics, so I pressed. "C'mon, Mom, something's up." {Tell me the truth.}

She looked at me for a second, then shrugged her shoulders. "It's something Jerry asked me earlier. I don't know what to tell him."

I half-jokingly asked, "What, did he ask you to marry him?"

Mom snorted. "Nothing like that. He wanted to know if I wanted to go to a cocktail party with him next Friday."

"So, what's the big deal? Go."

"It's not as simple as that.", she responded, then headed into the kitchen, where she poured herself a small glass of iced tea and sipped at it.

"I repeat, what's the big deal? It's just a cocktail party, right?"

Mom settled onto a tall bar stool by the counter. In doing so, her short, black skirt shifted enough so that I could briefly see her shaved pussy. It seemed pleasantly aroused, with a gleam of fresh come around the labia, so I knew that whatever the problem was, it hadn't interfered with her getting laid tonight, so it couldn't be too bad. She began to explain.

"It seems as though when Jerry was in college he was in some 'Animal House' type fraternity, only with nerds. Real Bill Gates types but with attitudes, you know. Anyway, they made a bet that five years after graduation they would all meet at some downtown restaurant with the hottest babes they could get, and the guy with the best looking date would get some kind of prize. Jerry says that the most amazing thing about the whole idea was that most of them actually remembered it! They've been doing it every year since. Now he wants me to go with him."

"Cool. So wear something nice. You are pretty foxy, after all, Mom.", I told her.

"Thanks, honey.", she said with a smile. "But apparently it's more than just that. Jerry got pretty nervous telling me about the rest. It's not just that the date has to be pretty; she has to dress up like a hooker, too."

"Huh!?!"

"Oh, not like a real hooker, or at least not as he explained it. But apparently the competition has gotten fairly serious over the years, and now some serious money is involved. They all ante up into the pot ahead of time and the pool is now almost two thousand bucks. So, if I go with him, I have to look spectacular! Not just pretty, not even just beautiful - spectacular! I don't know if I'm up to this."

Now it was my turn to snort. "Mom, you are already spectacular. You'll have to dress down to lose this competition."

She gave me a sad smile and said, "You're sweet, Paul, but a bit off the mark. It would seem as if more than a few of these guys actually go out and hire call girls for the night, dressed to entice the Pope, to sway the judges. I'll be ten years older than most of them."

"How do they judge this thing?", I asked.

"About what you'd expect a bunch of nerds to come up with. Everybody gets a ballot, but with their date's name crossed out. Towards the end of the evening, they fill it out and hand it in. Then, if nobody gets some minimum percentage, they start crossing off names from the bottom of the voting until they do get a winner."

"So what do you want to do? Go or no go?"

"I don't know. I guess it might be fun, at least in a sick and perverted sort of way. But it makes me nervous as hell."

This part I could handle. Short of going to the party and using The Power to ensure her winning, I could at least remove any nerves and make sure that she enjoyed herself. "No sweat. You call Doc Williams and tell him you're his date. I'll help you figure out what to wear. Who better to tell you what makes a man get horny looking at you than me?" {Tell him 'Yes'.}

She brightened almost immediately, hopping down off the barstool and grabbing the phone. She called him up and briefly told him she would go, then hung up with a big grin. Turning to me, she hugged me and said, "Thanks." Well, what could I say? I simply turned her away from me, pulled her skirt up, unzipped and fucked her pre-fucked cunt. Then, momentarily sated, I went up to my own bed to screw my little sister.

The next day we went out after lunch to find her a new outfit. I specified that she should wear a mini-dress and matching high heels, no bra or panties, and maybe not even stockings, if we could find a dress short enough. Mom was pretty shocked at the idea, but I used The Power to convince her otherwise. I have got to admit, it was a real turn on to have my mother model sexy clothing for me at various boutiques around town. I had a real woody working by the time we found the dress.

It was a bright neon pink, made from some real stretchy material, that fitted like a shrink-wrapped tube over her curves. It was strapless, wrapping around her torso so that her breasts were supported and pushed up, to show an alarming amount of cleavage, and came down only a few inches below her ass. No way could she wear panties or stockings. Even the brief bikinis she wore while shopping stood out like a stoplight. I knew she had some shoes to match it, and some bright pink lipstick for highlight would finish the look.

I told her this was the one, and she went back into the booth to change out of it, and I got an idea. Touching another copy of the dress on the rack, I tested the fabric and was surprised at just how stretchy the material really was. I selected the same dress but two sizes smaller and pulled it to the front. When Mom came out, I took the dress from her, then pointed at something up front. Distracted, she never noticed me swapping the dresses.

Next Friday night I put my nefarious plan to work. First I had Mom take a nice hot bath, with a few extra instructions. {Shave your legs. Shave your underarms. Shave your pussy. Give yourself an enema. Douche.} While she lounged in the tub and prepared herself for a night of sizzling hot sex, I laid out the dress and heels, and pulled her anal vibrator out and put it and the remote control unit in my pocket. My work mostly done, I went back down the hall to finish my homework and get ready for my own evening. Jean was coming over to 'study'.

Shortly before Mom was to leave and Jean was to arrive, Mom let out a strangled yelp and ordered me back. She hadn't figured out the switcheroo until after she had the dress on. "Sweet Jesus, Paul! I can't go out like this!", she cried out.

"Holy shit!", I exclaimed. "Wow, Mom, you look outrageous!" I had miscalculated slightly. While the dress had enough stretch to fit her, it was also scandalously shorter, both top and bottom. Now the hem barely came down below her asscheeks, and Mom's big tits looked as if they were about to pop out. If Mom jiggled the least bit too much, the whole world would see everything she had - and Mom's got a figure that is rather jiggly!

"Outrageous! I look like a hooker down on Peachtree Street! I can't leave the house looking like this! I'll be burned as a witch!"

It looked pretty good to me and I told her so, along with the observation that I was half tempted to keep her home and screw her myself.

"You little bastard! This isn't funny."

Mom's mood was not visibly improved when I laughed at her outburst, and commented that I wasn't little, and only she really knew if I was a bastard. I barely escaped out the door as she swung at me, both tits flying out of the top as she did so. This caused me to laugh even harder, so I simply said to come downstairs and I'd take care of things.

"No!"

{Come!}

I limped down the hallway and went down to the foyer, with Mom trailing behind. Opening the closet I pulled out my trench coat. I removed the lining then turned to face my mother, adjusting her dress so it provided the minimum decency required by law. I was about to help her into it when I remembered the vibrator. Tossing the coat over the banister, I turned her around, and pulled the hem up, exposing her ass. She was about to explode again when I shoved the little white egg into her rectum and pulled the hem down again. Whirling about to face me, she demanded to know what the fuck I thought I was doing.

{Silence.}, I commanded. Outside I could see Williams pulling up, so I had only a few moments to finish. {Tonight you are the sexiest women on the planet. You are hot. All men want you. You will be incredibly turned on whenever Jerry is near you. You will give him the remote and explain it. Whenever he buzzes you, you will come. You won't mind if men see your tits or pussy. It will turn you on. You will be the perfect lady. You are hot. You are sexy. You will win.}

As the doorbell rang, I helped her into my coat. My final words were, "I suspect you are going to have to walk and sit very carefully, Mom, so be careful."

I let Doc Williams in and he looked at my mother quizzically. "What's with the coat?"

"I'll explain later.", said Mom.

I sent them off with the words, "Have fun you two, and don't stay out late.", and the command, {Stay out all night and fuck yourselves ragged.} I figured Mom could have some fun, and with Jean coming over, so could I.

Sue got home from her date fairly late herself, so she was still in bed when Mom finally got home late Saturday morning. She was wearing my coat, but carried a small pink bundle in one hand, her dress. She fairly glowed with satiation. Seeing me, she skipped over and, wrapping her arms around me, gave me a tight hug. "Oh, Paul, I had so much fun last night!", she exclaimed.

"Oh, how'd it go?"

"We won, or I suppose Jerry did, anyway. I guess I did, too. Anyway, we won!", she squealed.

"Congratulations. I told you you could do it." I followed her up the stairs and down the hall. She was fairly bubbling with excitement, and I had to warn her to keep quiet or Sue would wake up. When we got into her bedroom, I closed the door. Leaning back against it, I said, "So tell me everything."

Mom tossed the dress into the bathroom. "I have got to tell you Paul, that is the last time I ever wear that thing. I had to pull it up or down every five seconds!"

"Hey, it won, right? So, what were the other women wearing? How many were there?"

"There were a total of sixteen couples. It was in the upstairs banquet room of this restaurant, so it was private. A couple of women were guy's wives and two or three more were girlfriends, but Jerry was right, the rest were hookers."

"So, what was the competition like?" I was referring to the other women, but Mom misunderstood.

"Actually, it was pretty low key. It wasn't like an audition or beauty pageant. Everybody just circulated, then after dinner, the guys simply went over to the bar and slid a slip of paper over. I made the first cut!"

"What did the others in the first cut look like?", I asked.

"Well, one was actually somebody's wife. She had on black stockings and heels, a black slit skirt with the slit right up the front, to the waist - I mean you could see everything! - and a see-through blouse. Still she didn't have what I've got.", Mom said, lifting her hands to cup and jiggle her breasts through my coat, "And she didn't shave, if you know what I mean." I nodded understanding. "The other one was one of the hookers, in a black halter top mini-dress. Really humongous tits. Still, neither one put on the final performance I did. That's what won it, I think."

"Huh? What'd you do, a table dance?", I asked.

Mom reached into her pocket to pull out the vibrator and dropped it on her bureau. "No, this thing. After the first vote, Jerry and I went to the bar and I sat on one of the barstools. The next thing I know, he's whispering to a few of his buddies, then he zaps me with the remote control, right there at the bar! Good Lord, but I came so hard I almost fell off the stool! My back arches, my tits pop out, my legs go wide, and the skirt rides up. I mean everyone around could see my pussy damn near pulsing! The bartender even dropped his tray of drinks!"

"Holy shit!"

"No kidding. The next thing I know, Jerry's turned off the buzzer, and as I try to collect myself, he's handed it to somebody else, who zaps me. All these guys were passing the thing around and zapping me. By the time Jerry reclaimed it, there was a wet spot on the seat." I whistled lowly. "Paul, I'm not kidding you. I climbed down to go to the bathroom and freshen up, and I left a small puddle of juice on the barstool!"

By now, I was as hard as I had ever been. "Take off my coat.", I ordered. Mom stripped it off, to stand before me in nothing but her pink high heels. Unzipping my pants, I simply said, "Suck me off, now, please." Mom grinned at me as she knelt in front of me. It was a fast blow job. She simply had to apply suction to my cockhead while jacking lightly on the shaft to get me to blow an unbelievable amount of come straight down her throat. Licking her lips, she smiled up at me, but I wasn't done yet. "Keep going. Get me hard again.", I demanded, pulling her face back into my crotch. Within five minutes she had regained my erection. Lifting her to her feet, I had her kneel on the edge of the bed, and I shuffled up behind her, pants around my ankles. I teased her momentarily by sticking my cock up her well used twat, then pulled it out and stuffed it into her asshole. Mom came almost immediately, but I was able to last through two more of her orgasms before filling her bowels with my jism.

Exhausted, Mom collapsed onto her bed. She was asleep by the time I had pulled my pants up and left, to go into my room and fall asleep as well.
Chapter 9
Home - Top   Feedback to author


Home « rlfj's Page « The Power Index « Previous - Settings
Chapter 9
Posted: December 05, 2001 - 12:00:00 am
Updated: February 27, 2008 - 07:56:13 pm
?

Monday afternoon, Mom announced that she was taking a small vacation. When Sue asked where we were going, Mom pointedly told her she wasn't. We were old enough to take care of ourselves for a week, and Jerry had invited her to Jamaica. Later on she told me that he had used his 'winnings' to pay for a trip for two to a resort called Hedonism II. She showed both Sue and me a brochure on the place. It was a fairly standard piece of advertising, showing twenty-something couples on beaches and such, but it wasn't hard to read between the lines. Phrases such as 'adult oriented', 'couples only', and 'clothing optional' told me that this was a place for swingers and nudists. Should be right up Mom's alley!

I helped her by using The Power on her boss, to give her some time off. They were going in only a few weeks, and the day before they were to leave Sue and I helped her to pack. This was actually fairly amusing.

We started out by dumping out her packed suitcases onto the bed and sorting through them. All underwear, slacks, pants, and shorts were put away. The only bra and panties Mom was taking were her bikini. We did make sure that she had a good supply of short skirts and blouses, as well as a few sundresses, along with her stockings and heels. Nothing was going to get in the way of the good doctor stuffing Mom's cunt whenever the mood struck them. As an aside, this cut down on the number of bags she was taking - Mom is a packrat! In fact, as he helped carry her bags to his car, I used The Power to send the message, {Fuck her every chance you get!} to him, and The Power on Mom to send, {No undies!}

They went over to his place Saturday afternoon and were planning on flying out of Hartsfield in the bright and early the next day. This left Sue and me home alone for a week. We had already decided between us that we would sleep in Mom's bed this week, as it was a queen size and we both had twins. To be honest, I had been toying with the idea of doing something about this, since it was a real problem, but I still didn't have a satisfactory solution. There simply was not enough room in either of our bedrooms for a larger bed.

Things became interesting by early Saturday evening. It was a night at home for both of us and Sue was complaining about sore shoulder muscles from her cheerleading practice. When she asked if I could give her a backrub, I simply shrugged and said, "I suppose." Then I told her that I really didn't have a lot of experience, but that I thought that Mom had some massage oil upstairs in her nightstand. Sue took off to find it.

Sue came down a few minutes later carrying not only the massage oil, but what we called the 'Toy Chest', Mom's sturdy shoe box full of her sex toys. None of these had gone to the Caribbean with her, no doubt because she simply knew that if she took them, some Customs guy was going to get his rocks off inspecting them. Besides, on X-ray, a vibrator probably does look like a dangerous weapon. I gave Sue an odd look, to which she simply giggled and asked, "Maybe later?" I shrugged and nodded as well.

I laid out the comforter and Sue laid face down on it, first pulling off her T-shirt. She still had on one of her industrial strength school-type bras, so I unclasped the hook and peeled it away, and she pulled it from underneath her and tossed it over with her shirt. Then she tucked a pillow under her head and closed her eyes. I poured a little oil in my hands and rubbed them together, then began to massage her back. I made sure that I got all the major areas - neck muscles, shoulders, ribs, shoulder blades, and upper arms - and if I really didn't know what I was doing, I also knew Sue didn't know any better either. At least she didn't seem to have any complaints.

My fingers were still feeling okay and I decided to give her a whole body rubdown. First, I had her raise her hips and unzip her tight jeans, then I peeled them and her panties down off her legs. Lord did she look sensual laying there naked and half covered with oil. She really had the most amazing skin tone! Squirting some more oil on her legs and buttocks, I worked this in from the bottom up, feet, calves, knees, thighs, then finally her butt. Then I remembered that she had once asked me to teach her to ass fuck, but we had never gotten around to it.

Now, I knew that if I simply stuffed my nine inch dick into her poop chute, she was probably going to be in a lot of pain, so I needed to work at it. Therefore, I pulled Mom's anal vibrator out, and after coating the tip with some oil, placed it at the little brown ring of her rectum. Sue's eyes opened wide, but I simply told her to relax. {Relax. Enjoy. Relax. Enjoy.} Her anus opened slightly and I was able to insert the plug gently. Once it was in, I turned it on and continued to massage her back.

Sue, although quite orgasmic, is a bit more sedate than Mom. No screaming, just a lot of moaning. This she promptly proceeded to do, moaning with her eyes closed, occasionally shuddering in orgasm, as I watched her clench her asscheeks around the oh so pleasant intruder. After another thirty minutes my hands were exhausted, so I wiped them off on her T-shirt and sat down beside her. Sue took the remote control from me and turned the vibrator off, but didn't take it out.

"Oh, Paul, that was so nice."

"Glad you thought so. Mom seems to like it.", I commented.

"I can see why. I want to do something for you, now."

"Like what?"

"Well, can you teach me to deep throat?", she asked.

That might be fun! "Uh, I guess so, although Mom really is the one to teach you. I'll do my best." I was leaning back against the base of the couch, so Sue lifted up and crawled over to me. I slipped my shorts down, to sit there in my T-shirt, my erection strong and vibrant. Sue put her head in my lap and began to suck my cock.

Now, I really don't remember all that I told her, it was mostly what seemed to me to be common sense. Relax your mouth and jaw, keep your teeth away, breathe through your nose, that sort of thing. Mostly to simply relax and go with it. Whatever I taught her paid off though. After five minutes or so, I was astonished to find her nose buried in my pubic hairs and my cockhead in her throat! This really felt good, and when she began to suction me at the same time, I lost control. Grabbing her head, I forced it down onto me as I began to thrust up into her face, my dick spasming out a serious load of come. She gagged slightly but gamely held on, taking my jism and sucking until my cock fell limp from between her lips. She looked up at me, licking some come that had escaped her mouth and was dribbling down her chin.

"Honey, that was tremendous!", I told her. Sue grinned ecstatically at giving her first deep throat.

In thanks, I had her roll over onto her back and turn on the vibrator in her ass again. I poured some more oil on her pussy and lay down next to her. As I sucked on her tits, I worked my oily fingers into her cunt and got her off three times in a row. Finally, my hands tired and my dick rejuvenated, I climbed on top of her to fuck her while her ass was vibrated. God but that felt good!

Over the next several days I worked her up to the actual event, switching from the small vibrating egg to more conventional dildos and vibrators of larger size. Meanwhile, while I was training her ass, she was training her mouth, giving me lots of head and sucking down a lot of come. By midweek we were both confident enough that I had her kneel on Mom's bed, face in the pillow, as I oiled her asshole up and positioned my cock at the entrance. I took it very slowly, along with lots of, {Relax. Enjoy.}, and slowly pushed inward. It was all I could do to keep from blowing my wad as soon as I had the head in. I have never fucked a tighter asshole in my life! Every time I pulled out I could see the pinkness of her rectum stretching around me. After a few slow strokes I sped up the pace a notch, with Sue clamping down around me, and much too soon, even before she had orgasmed, popped my cork to fill her entrails with white hot semen. She insisted I stay inside her, though, and we carefully dropped down onto the mattress to rest on our sides. She continued to pulse her ass on my flaccid dick until it was no longer flaccid, but quite sturdy. Now lying on our sides, I began to pound in and out of her ass as she moaned in orgasm. This time I gave her a good ride before sending a second stream of come to join the first. Her only comment was that it really hadn't hurt, but it did make her think she had to take a really big dump! I guess it would at that.

Mom came back from her vacation with a gorgeous all over tan and more than a few hot stories which she told us in bed that night. It seems as if she really went along with the clothing optional part of the description, only being completely clothed for dinner and dancing in the resort's night club. Most days she and Williams would head over to the nude beach to swim and sun themselves. I commented that I'd probably have a hardon all the time at a nude beach. She laughed and said that Jerry had the same problem, so she had poured some suntan lotion in her hand and jerked him off right there on the beach. Nobody gave two shits!

Later that summer, right after Sue turned sixteen and before we went back to school, we took our annual vacation as well. Most years it's not a whole lot more than a few day trips around the state, but this year we were planning on going to Myrtle Beach. Mom's Econo-Box would be pretty useless, so we were going to drive in my Taurus, but at the last minute the tranny dropped out of the damn thing. After having it towed to a garage, I called a car rental place to pick me up.

I decided, what the fuck, it was my car, so I went whole hog and rented a good size Caddy for the trip, or at least tried to. Car rental companies don't rent to minors, or damn near anyone under the age of 25, so I had to call Mom over to pick it up. It didn't matter if I used The Power on the clerk - I couldn't use it on their computer. I paid for it and Mom drove it home, with me behind in her car. Once we got home, I would drive and the hell with Avis!

My transmission had died as I was literally taking the Taurus out to fill the tank before we went, so by the time we packed it was almost 8:00. I had insisted that both Mom and Sue pack using the 'No undie' method - skirts, blouses, dresses, and lingerie, but no panties or bras. They were looking forward to exotic sex of some sort, although it really wasn't clear what kind. I didn't mind, since it sounded like a good idea to me.

I drove for the first couple of hours, with Mom dozing in the seat next to me and Sue asleep in the back. Around ten or so, I started feeling drowsy, so I pulled into a rest area and switched with Mom. Sue climbed up front and I stretched out in the back. I immediately zonked out.

Forty-five minutes later I awoke to find my sister had crawled in the back with me and was kneeling on the floor by my feet. She had stripped off her sundress and sandals and was rubbing her hands lightly along my thighs and crotch. As I peeled my eyes open, she leaned in to kiss me and began to open my pants. "I couldn't sleep and got bored.", she said as she reached inside and began to stroke my cock erect. "Would you mind if I climbed on top and fucked?"

"Er, well, no, not really. I guess I wasn't all that tired anyway." Sue smiled and pulled my jeans down to about mid-thigh, then sprawled out on top of me. Spreading her legs, she scooted backwards until my cockhead had found the entrance to her pussy, then maneuvered it inside herself.

"Jesus, Sue, what is with you, girl?", asked Mom from the front seat. "You must be terminally horny. You've spent the last hour frigging yourself up here, and now you wake up Paul to fuck him."

No wonder my sister was so wet! She simply yelled, "I'm on vacation, and I need some cock!" Then, with a low groan of pleasure, Sue sprawled atop me and let the motions of the car do the rest. Despite the Caddy's excellent shocks and springs (or perhaps because of them) every bump translated gently to our joined crotches, where Sue's twat was rhythmically pumping around my cock. I gently reached down and inserted my right middle finger into her asshole up to the first knuckle. She moaned into my neck as I used it to vibrate her ass, making her vibrate all over! This fuck was pretty slow motion, but after twenty minutes or so, she had come twice and I finally blew my rocks up into her.

Sue stayed on top of me, with my limp cock plugging the come in her cunt, and she wasn't done yet. Carefully reaching down between us, she grabbed my cock around the base and held me in place as she began to stroke me. Once I got hard enough that I wasn't going to slip out easily, Sue shifted around, bringing her legs up to straddle me. Thank God the windows were tinted, because traffic was heavy and she began to bounce pretty good, tits swinging and all. It was kind of funny actually, Sue orgasming and moaning while Mom was telling her to shut up and get out of the way of the rear view mirror. Sue was moving through all nine inches, and the mixture of my come and her cunt juice was being pistoned out of her pussy and down over my balls and her thighs. When I blew my load a second time, I remember thinking that somebody at Avis was going to have a fun time cleaning the back seat.

With an order to knock it off and get dressed, Mom pulled into another rest area on the Interstate. We tanked up again, then Mom and I switched off. Sue stayed in the backseat the entire time and made no effort to cover up, even when I got out. Once we got back on the highway, she put her head up between the front bucket seats and began to wheedle our mother to climb in the back with her, " ... to relax. Come on, Mom, Paul left two loads of come in my pussy and I need you to suck it out!" Mom snorted several times in derision, but changed her tune when Sue began to use a different tactic. Reaching forward with her left hand, Sue popped a couple of buttons on Mom's blouse and slid her hand inside, to cup and fondle her left breast.

I could see this new technique was having an effect on Mom. She stopped laughing at Sue, closing her eyes and leaning back some. Besides the blouse, she had on a button front khaki skirt and high heeled sandals. Reaching over, I undid most of the buttons on her skirt, and she slumped down some more, spreading her legs open as she did. Sue leaned farther forward and moved her hand down between Mom's legs. That did it. Mom kicked off the sandals and unbuckled her seat belt, then crawled back between the seats. Once there, she stripped off her blouse and skirt, tossing them back up front, then reclined into a sixty-nine position with Sue. In short order, both women were moaning with pleasure as Sue nibbled Mom's pussy and Mom licked the remnants of my come from Sue's cunt. They stayed in the back seat, affording me an interesting view through the rear view mirror, the rest of the trip.

We got to the hotel late, about 2:30 Saturday morning. My increasing financial independence was reflected not only in my renting a good sized Cadillac, but by taking a suite, rather than the usual small Motel 6 type of room we would have gotten. It was pretty nice, too, having a couple of good size bedrooms (one with a king size bed for me and one with a pair of queen size beds for the ladies), a connecting living room with bar, and a really nice and large bath adjoining both bedrooms, with a view overlooking the ocean. It should have been nice, since it was costing over a grand a day! A bellman delivered our luggage and we decided to settle in for the remainder of the night. If we slept till noon, who cared.

While the women were unpacking, I grabbed a quick shower and headed for my room for some shuteye, to the vocal displeasure of Sue, who wanted to continue the fun and games from the car. Mom and I laughed at her, and we almost locked her in her room by herself. Actually, I simply thought, {Go to sleep.}, and ended the nonsense. Mom grabbed a nightie and took a shower, then joined me in my bed. Wrapped in a very short and thin nightshirt, she slipped in beside me and we made love twice. The first time I got on top and hammered her while she wrapped her legs around my waist and moaned in orgasm; the second time, I rolled over onto my back while she knelt above me straddling me and bouncing atop my cock. Both times felt pretty damn good.

Most days were spent in a deliciously decadent rut. Upon waking, I would fuck or suck both Sue and Mom, then we would clean up and go down to breakfast. After breakfast we would go back to the room, to change for the beach, and I would get a blowjob from one or both of them. The rest of the day would be spent sunning and swimming, until the late afternoon, at which time we repaired to the suite. Again, I would do the ladies, then we would shower and dress for dinner. Dinner would be at one of the hotel's restaurants or someplace near the beach, after which we would hit a bar or club for a few drinks. Then back to the room for some late night sex, then bed.

I used The Power to ensure that bouncers and such never kept Sue and me from going into any clubs or ordering drinks. I never had anything more than a few beers, but Sue did get fairly looped a time or two, and had to be poured back into bed some nights. Likewise, I used my abilities to spice things up on occasion.

For instance, that first day when we went down to the beach, I noticed that while both Mom and Sue had on bikinis, they were fairly conservative compared to a few of the girls I saw sauntering along the beach. I thought, {Tell me your measurements.}, then hobbled off to a small place called Exotic Swimwear, which promised the latest and most extreme styles in swimsuits. Going inside, I asked the clerk, a slim brunette wearing shorts and a bikini top, for some help in finding the skimpiest bathing suits available.

They were pretty skimpy! The tops were basically some dental floss attached to a couple of tiny triangles of cloth; the bottoms were almost backless, consisting of a string which tied at both hips and another string which snaked down the crack of the ass, all attached to another triangle covering the asshole and pudenda. I bought two, one in a bright lime green and the other in a shocking pink, both of which were one size too small.

Sunday, after going back to the suite after breakfast, I gave each of them one of the suits, Mom the pink and Sue the green. Sue seemed rather intrigued by the idea, but Mom was rather skeptical.

"Paul...", she said in a low voice. "I've seen strippers in g-strings and pasties with more fabric."

"So what, you can wear them. Go ahead and put it on.", I urged her. {Put it on.} I went into my room to change as well. I slipped on my swimsuit and grabbed a shirt, then went back into the girl's room. Mom had put hers on and was adjusting it carefully.

"No way am I going to be able to wear this back home.", she commented. "I think this is illegal in Georgia!"

It was pretty damn extreme, but it still managed to cover the legal minimums of nips, slit and clit. Her nipples were prominently outlined by the thin fabric, as was her snatch. Just then, Sue came out in the lime green suit. She twirled around once and announced, "Ta da! How's it look?"

Mom and I stared a moment, then I said, "Houston, we have a problem."

"Why, what's wrong?", Sue asked.

Waggling a finger at her panty, I said, "Uh, not quite everything got covered."

Sue looked downstairs to see that red pubic hairs were sticking out on both the sides and the top of her swimsuit bottom. At first she tried to adjust the suit, but it was simply too skimpy to adjust. She looked stricken and said, "Shit! I can't go out like this!"

Mom scratched her head for a second, then said, "There is one way. Do what I do and shave. You'll look okay then."

Sue got a worried look in her eyes, but I thought to her, {Shave.}

"I don't know. Are you sure? Will it hurt?"

"No more than shaving your legs or underarms.", Mom assured her. "Come on, I'll show you how." Mom took Sue by the arm and led her into the bathroom. I followed and lounged against the doorframe.

Mom pulled a vanity chair out and faced it to the side. "First, peel that bottom off and sit down." As Sue took off her panty, Mom turned to me and asked, "Paul, did you bring your mustache trimmer with you?" When I nodded in the affirmative, Mom grabbed my toilet kit and rummaged through it until she found it. Pulling it out she flicked the switch and heard the buzz, then turned it off and puled off the height adjuster, so that it would be an electric razor. "Now sit ... scoot your ass forward ... right to the edge. Okay sit there and spread your legs." Mom positioned Sue with her ass at the edge of the vanity seat, then knelt between Sue's thighs.

I moved closer, a lump forming in my shorts, as Mom flicked on the trimmer and began to trim off Sue's cunt hair. Sue watched wide-eyed as Mom cut her sparse red growth to a stubble. I could see Sue's nipples hardening under the tiny triangles of her top. Satisfied, Mom shut down the trimmer, then rummaged in our toilet kits, to find her razor and my shaving cream. Reaching up she turned on the hot water, then wet down Sue's pussy and sprayed on some of my gel shaving cream. She then worked it up to a thin lather and began to shave the stubble from Sue's twat.

By now, Sue's breathing had begun to get deeper, and her nipples looked like they were about to rip the top open. I came up to her and tugged her top open, and her excited tits sprang free. Sue gasped and Mom looked up at us.

"Don't move now.", she said to Sue. "I think Paul kind of likes this." She smiled up at me as she said this.

I grinned at my mother and pushed my swimsuit down to mid-thigh, letting my cock pop out. I was pretty hard, and my erection was aimed straight at my sister's face. Reaching down, I began to stroke myself. I knew I was going to have to get some action before we went down to the beach.

Sue watched me in a half-dazed and aroused fashion, her eyes never leaving my crotch as I languidly masturbated in front of her. After a few minutes more, Mom set down her razor and wiped Sue's crotch down with a washcloth, then inspected her work. She announced she was done, and both my sister and I looked down to see the results.

Sue was now as bald as the day she was born, much like her mother. Her pussy was puffy with excitement, her clit throbbed prominently at the top of her slit, and her lips glistened with the moisture generated as Mom had manipulated her cunt. She went to stand up, but I placed a hand on her shoulder to keep her seated, then thought, {Now, eat her out!} Mom leaned back in. Spreading Sue's legs wide, she inserted her thumbs into Sue's pussy and spread the lips wide, then stuck out her tongue and began to gently lick Sue's clitty. Sue shuddered in joy.

Still stroking myself, I ordered Sue to begin playing with her tits, then stuck my cock close to her face. She got the message all right, as she turned her head into my groin and opened up her mouth. I stuck the tip of my erection between her lips, which she promptly closed around me and began to suck. While she pinched and fondled her nipples, I jerked myself off into her mouth. It felt pretty good, but a little weird in that I was doing the hand work.

By now both Sue and Mom were pretty excited, although Sue hadn't gotten off in a big way, so I led them back into my bedroom and had them lay down on the bed in a sixty-nine position. I had Mom continue to eat Sue out while Sue stroked and licked me back to hardness, then I repositioned them again. Laying Sue flat out on the bed, I spread her legs and crawled between them. Kneeling, I inserted my cock into her very juicy cunt, then had Mom straddle Sue's face, facing me. Sue pulled Mom's swimsuit bottom to one side and began to eat out her mother, and I began to stroke deeply in and out. Mom began to moan in orgasm, and I had her use her hands on her own tits, Sue's tits and clit, and my cock as it slid out on the backstroke. This fuck didn't last a whole lot longer than my previous handjob-blowjob, and I blasted a scrotum's worth of jism into my sister's hairless pussy.

Afterwards, both Mom and Sue needed to wash the come off, so it was a few minutes more before we got down to the beach. It was really worth it, too. Those two damn near stopped traffic dressed in those suits! Guys were walking into each other and tripping over their tongues, while their girlfriends could only stare daggers at my women. Both managed to keep from falling out of their suits, but I did notice, they needed to constantly readjust them in order to do so. As an aside, from that day forth, Sue kept her pussy shaved just like Mom. She told me privately that her boyfriends really got blown away whenever they saw it for the first time!

Tuesday night things went a little differently. After dinner we strolled down along the beach, then headed into a bar. It was sort of an upscale 'Hooters' type place, tending towards a twenty-something crowd. Both Mom and Sue were in short, white dresses, Mom wearing one with a bustier top and Sue's with a halter top. I was in slacks, shirt, and sport coat, so all three of us could hit almost anyplace in town. We settled into some barstools and looked around to check the place out.

Almost immediately, Mom and Sue spotted a group of five college guys at a table about twenty feet away. All five were wearing sports shirts with a Citadel logo on them, and from their size, looked like they were on some sort of sports team at the college. They were drinking beer, pouring from a pitcher the waitress had brought them, and were scoping out the action like everybody else. It was that type of place - a lot of singles. I could see them checking out my mother and sister, but they were checking out any female in the room.

I could hear Mom and Sue talking in low tones about the group, and wondering if they were big all over. After I had finished my first beer, I got up and went over to their table. Mom wanted to know what I was up to, but I simply sent, {Never mind, }, and they went back to sipping their drinks. Two looked up at me curiously, another two ignored me, and the last gave me a nasty, "What do you want?", when I interrupted them.

{Relax. Be friendly. Be cooperative.} "Hi fellows, mind if I sit down for a moment?" I grabbed an empty chair from the next table and reversed it, then sat down with my arms over the back.

The fifth guy spoke up again, but this time in a more pleasant manner. "So? What do you want?"

"Well, do you guys see those two chicks over at the bar?", I asked pointing at my family. They twisted their heads and spotted them, then faced back to me.

"Okay, so? They're damn cute."

"Well, they've been looking over at you fellows as well, and I've got to tell you, they're interested. The question is, are you guys interested?" {You are interested.} "Well?", I asked.

Another of the guys looked at me funny and said, "Like the man said, cute, very cute, but what are you, their pimp?"

I smiled and shook my head in the negative. "Not hardly. I'm just their friend, and I'm doing them a little favor. They're a bit shy about it, but they wanted to get to know you fellows a little better. Maybe more than a little better, like a whole lot better. Like I asked, are you interested?" I reinforced the {Be interested.} thought with a large dose of lust.

Unsurprisingly, the guys took another long look at Mom and Sue, taking in those nice long legs and big billowing tits. By harmonics I could tell their libidos were picking up nicely. Finally several of them turned back to me and wonderingly asked, "Are you serious, man? Those two foxes want to, uh, get to know all of us?" At my nod in the affirmative, they gave out a collective, "Holy shit!"

I placed my hands on the chair back and pried myself vertical. "Come on guys, let me introduce you." They all stood and crowded behind me as I moved back to my family. On the way, I sent out the following message to both Mom and Sue, {Lust! Go by first names only - Maggie and Sue. Lust!}

Once at the bar, I stood to one side as Mom and Sue looked at me and the Citadel group crowding around them. "Maggie, Sue, I'd like you to meet some friends of mine. We've just met, but I know that they're the kinds of guys you'd like, too. They're from the Citadel, and their names are, uh...", I paused to read the mouthy guy's name off his shirt, " ... Larry, and ... Sorry guys, I didn't catch the rest of your names." They immediately spouted out their names and crowded in a bit further, pushing me to the outside. I didn't mind, since they were there to service Mom and Sue, not me. I simply stood to the side for a moment as they bought the ladies another round of drinks, and I sent out signals of lust every few minutes.

I knew things were going well when one of the fellows commented that they looked so similar, almost like twins. Mom cooed and thanked him, saying, that the real way to tell them apart was that Sue still had pubic hair. Sue immediately responded, not anymore, since you shaved me earlier today, right before licking my pussy. Then she and Mom pulled their hems up slightly to allow the boys to see! Good God, but you could see the veins popping and the sweat start pouring from those poor bastards! It took all of about ten seconds for the guys to invite Mom and Sue out for "a walk", which 'Maggie' changed to "a walk back to our room".

I didn't mind at all. I was figuring tonight was a night to get some different action, and that Mom and Sue should, too. Besides, I had already selected my companion for the evening, and once the group had left, put my own plans in motion.

My lady for the evening was our waitress, a leggy brunette. In her two inch heels she was only a few inches shorter than me. Nicely curved, she had big hair, big lips, and big tits. I had been interested in her since just about the moment she had first taken our orders. Like I said, this place was sort of an upscale 'Hooters', with a similar dress code. Waitresses wore black satin shorts and a white satin top, vee-necked and midriff baring, pantyhose, and two inch high black pumps.

My first use of The Power was to send out that she was interested in me and horny for me, and that she should come back frequently to check on my needs. Every time she came back, I reinforced these thoughts. After I had managed to send Mom and Sue off to be royally fucked, I turned up the heat. Introducing myself, I asked her name.

"I'm Janet, Janet Bulowski."

"Well, Janet Bulowski, I'm Paul Harron and I have got to tell you that you are simply the most beautiful woman in this place. You are really turning me on."

Janet blushed deeply, but didn't turn away or brush me off. Harmonics were telling me that my compliments were turning her on seriously. Leaning in, she said, "Go on, tell me more. Flattery will get you everywhere!"

"No flattery, just the truth. You are ravishing. It's just too bad..."

"What's too bad?", she asked.

"Well, I just wish you weren't wearing that brassiere of yours. I can't believe that you really need it, and I know you'd look better without it. Doesn't it feel, I don't know, maybe tight and itchy?" {Tight and itchy! Tight and itchy!}

A look of discomfort passed over Janet's face, and she leaned back in to whisper. "How'd you know? I don't know what it is, but God, tonight is just awful."

"May be it's the heat.", I mentioned. {Tight and itchy! Lose the bra!}

Janet had to move on to tend another table but about fifteen minutes later she came back over to me and asked if I wanted a refill. I could tell she had removed her bra in the dressing room or wherever the waitresses changed, because now she was really swaying and bouncing inside that satin top. She had a really mammoth set of hooters.

"You look much more comfortable now. Are you?", I asked. {Lust!}

Janet blushed again and whispered back, "Oh, yes. I can't believe I'm doing this, though." Looking down at her considerable cleavage, she said, "I never go braless, I just can't."

"Sure you can, and you should, often. You're gorgeous. Still, maybe you ought to consider losing the pantyhose and panties, too. Maybe you're getting a rash, like from something in the wash. You can't be too careful." {Tight and itchy!}

Janet looked at me in shock for a moment, with the comment, "I couldn't!", then excused herself again to wait on customers. Still, a half-hour later, when she came back over my way, I could tell, she had lost the pantyhose, and I could no longer see the outlines of her brief bikini panties under the satin shorts. I got an instant hardon, and promptly told her she was turning me on big time. {Lust! Lust!}

"When do you get off?", I asked.

"Not for another hour and a half. Why?"

{Lust! Lust!} "Because I want to see you tonight. I can't believe how turned on you have got me. Come on, don't tell me you're not interested, too?"

Another blush, followed by a silent nod.

"Okay, great, meet me here when you're done, dressed just like that."

I nursed my beer for a bit, then Janet got me another which I nursed till the end of her shift. Meantime, every time she passed by, I would say something to stimulate her and get the juices flowing. For instance, when she brought me my last beer, I asked, "So, Janet, tell me, what's your favorite position?"

She blushed deeply and said, "I can't believe you asked me that! It's so personal!"

"Come on, you can tell me!", I protested. Leaning in towards an ear, I whispered, "I simply want to know what to do to bring you to screaming orgasm. You'd like that wouldn't you?"

Janet refused to answer my last remark other than with a "You are so bad!", but as she picked up my empty glass and turned to walk away, she said in a low voice, "Doggy."

And so it went for the last hour and a half. Every few minutes we would speak lowly and I would evince some more information from her. She loved cunnilingus. She preferred sixty-nine to straight fellatio. She swallowed. She had never taken it in the rear. She had sensitive nipples. She trimmed her cunt hair in the shape of a heart. My schlong was rock solid by the time we met to leave.

I don't know if Janet had other clothing with her or not, she met me at then end of her shift dressed just as she was, with a handbag. Arms around each other's waists, we walked back to my hotel and went upstairs, necking as we went. Once we got inside the door to my bedroom, we were standing in each other's arms, wrestling our clothes off. I had already gotten her off once, simply by sucking her tits while fingering her clit when we were interrupted by the sounds coming from Mom's and Sues rooms. Disentangling ourselves, I led Janet to the connecting door and opened it.

An unbelievable sight greeted us in the other room. It was a full blown orgy, Mom and Sue taking on the Citadel! Everyone was stark naked, and Mom and Sue were already covered with come. Jism was on their faces, their asses, their bellies, and in their hair. When we looked in, everyone was getting it on! Mom was straddling one guy on her bed, with another kneeling behind her, fucking her ass in a DP, while she supported herself on outstretched arms, her face in a third guy's crotch, sucking his cock. A TP! For her part, Sue was sitting in the lap of a guy in an armchair, her legs spread and his cock up her cunt, bouncing away as she leaned forward with her hands around the fifth guy's ass, filled up at both ends with a cock in her mouth and cunt. Too fucking much!

The guy getting sucked by Mom looked over at us with a shit-eating-grin. "Hey, you guys want to join in?", he asked, looking Janet up and down.

Janet blushed, as well she should have. I had her top open and her tits were thrust out, sagging gently, and I had one hand fondling her bare ass. Her shorts were now down to mid-thigh, so that her trim brown bush was visible to all. For her part, Janet had managed to unzip my pants and pull all nine hard inches out, and was stroking me as we watched the debauchery.

"No, that's all right. You guys have fun.", I said, then closed the door. Janet and I burst out laughing, then we finished undressing and hit the bed.
Chapter 10
Home - Top   Feedback to author


Home « rlfj's Page « The Power Index « Previous - Settings
Chapter 10
Posted: December 05, 2001 - 12:00:00 am
Updated: February 27, 2008 - 07:56:13 pm
?

On Thursday we had some more fun, but of a little different style. We got down to the beach fairly early and laid our beach towels down to catch a few rays. Mom and Sue had already oiled up and were stretched out when I noticed a family of three heading our way.

It was pretty obvious why they were going to settle down next to us. Leading the way, and determining their path, was a young teenage boy, and his eyes were all over Mom and Sue. He was going to sit as close to us as he could!

I didn't mind. By harmonics it was obvious he was young and hormonal - a walking gland. His parents, a middle-aged, middle class couple, were right behind, and their harmonics were interesting, too. Dad, a slim guy in his early forties with a very advanced case of male-pattern baldness, was ogling my mother and sister as well. And Momma, she was ogling me!

Momma wasn't all that bad looking, not a bit. In her early forties, she looked several years younger. Of medium height, she had long slim legs and a slim, boyish butt. She was wearing a bright yellow maillot swimsuit, cut very low in the front and back, and very high on the hips. She looked to have nice and perky medium sized knockers under the top, and not much hair down below, the suit was so narrow at her crotch. Very interesting.

They set up their beach towels next to ours and began to oil up, and I got to wondering if a small group party might be possible. I used The Power to send out concepts, then used harmonics to figure out what their feelings were. Were they ever swingers? Had they ever thought of swinging? Was Momma interested in switch hitting? Was Momma turned on by Junior? Was Dad turned on by Junior doing Momma? Was Dad turned on by Mom and Sue? Was Momma turned on by watching Dad and Junior do Mom and Sue?

The Cleavers went down to the ocean and swam around a bit, then came back to their towels. I had considered carefully what I had gleaned from their sub-consciousnesses, and knew that while they had never done anything like I planned before, they had often fantasized about it and secretly wanted the opportunity to try. As they lay down, I put my plan into action.

Rolling over onto one elbow, I faced them and commented lowly to Junior, silently staring at Mom's and Sue's tits, "Pretty nice, huh?"

An awed, "Yeah!", came out.

I laughed, at which his parents looked over at us quizzically. "I was just commenting to your son that some things are pretty noticeable." I waved my thumb over at Mom and Sue. His mother seemed properly scandalized, but Dad simply snorted and grinned.

"Charlie, really, don't be rude!", said his mother.

Charlie blushed and said, "Sorry."

"Don't be.", I commented. "They dress that way to get noticed, and they like to get noticed. Besides which, I think your Dad was looking, too."

Momma whirled around to face her sheepish husband, but seeing his face, gave a bright laugh which woke my family. Mom and Sue looked around to find we had neighbors, then twisted around to face them. Doing so made one nipple pop out of Mom's top, which she quickly tucked back in as Charlie and his father stared.

"Hi, there. I see you two are doing some girl watching.", she announced. "I'm Maggie and this is my daughter, Sue. I can see you've already met Paul." We all said hello, and found out that Momma's name was Judy and Dad was Chuck. The Billings were here for the week, like us, but were leaving tomorrow.

Mom continued to Judy. "I really don't mind your husband and son looking at me and Sue. After all, I like what I see when I look at Chuck and Charlie. Turnabout's fair play, you know. Besides, I can see how you were looking at my son."

Judy grinned and nodded. "He is kind of cute."

"Kind of?!", I protested. "I'm very cute."

Both Mom and Judy laughed at that, then Judy grabbed her tube of suntan lotion and tossed it to Chuck. "Here, hun, do my back." She laid face down on her towel, lifting herself on her forearms to face us.

Chuck squeezed out some lotion and began to rub down his wife's back, as the rest of us watched. I could tell by harmonics that Charlie was finding this highly erotic, and I could sense that Mom and Sue liked the sight as well. I used The Power to send, {Relax. Lust. Be agreeable. Lust. Be daring. Lust.}, working the three of them up. I began to send out visions of sex, orgies, and incest to all of them.

"Listen, Chuck, you'd better make sure you do all of Judy's back. This sun is pretty bright and she's going to burn otherwise. Judy, you'd better let Chuck pull those straps a bit lower.", I mentioned.

Chuck simply grunted in agreement, then reached up and tugged Judy's swimsuit straps down off her shoulders to her upper arms. Surprisingly, Judy pulled her arms out of the straps and allowed Chuck to pull her swimsuit down around her waist, taking a much more active role than I had expected. She propped herself back up on her forearms, exposing almost all of her tits as she did so, leaving only the nipples buried in her towel, and Chuck returned to oiling her back.

Christ, was she hot looking, laying there with her tits hanging out! Nice looking tits too, not jugs like Mom and Sue or Janet the other night, but pert and perky B cups, very firm and upright. Charlie stared with rapt attention, his swim trunks stretching from the boner they concealed.

"Wow! I have got to tell you, Judy, don't get me wrong, but you are a hot looking babe!", I said.

Judy simply smiled serenely and said, "Thanks. I try to stay in shape."

Chuck laughed and said, "She runs a lot. I keep chasing her around the bedroom."

Mom grinned at this and asked, "And when you catch her? Is that the reason you're bald? You keep rubbing it off on the headboard?"

Chuck simply grinned. I could tell he was working on a healthy erection of his own. It was Judy who commented, "That's it. Twice a day and three times on Sunday!"

"Holy shit, Mom, I can't believe you said that!", exclaimed her son, wide-eyed.

Judy snorted and turned her head to him. "Well, where did you think you came from, silly? Immaculate conception?" We all got a laugh out of this.

Chuck had finished oiling Judy and was now simply giving her a sensuous backrub. Looking at him, I asked, "Chuck would you be offended if I asked Judy to raise up a bit? I would dearly love to see her tits."

He grinned. "Not at all. I've seen more than a few guys at parties trying to look down her dress." Addressing his wife, he said, "Go ahead, dear, show 'em."

Smiling, Judy raised up on her arms slightly, enough so that her nipples raised into plain view without being obvious about it to the rest of the beach. Both Charlie and I stared, and I could sense that Mom and Sue were turned on as well.

"Wow, Mom, I've always wanted to see them!", said Charlie.

"I know, honey, it just didn't seem like the time before. Maybe things will change in the future. Do you really like how I look?"

"Oh, wow, yes!", he said.

Sue and Mom wanted to swim, and our new friends wanted to grab something to drink, so we split up with plans to meet at our hotel room at two. While an orgy was not directly discussed, the intention to get to know one another much better was definitely implied. Casual clothing was specified.

After a brief swim, we had lunch at a pizza place near the beach then headed back to our suite to get ready. While Mom and Sue showered together, I called down to room service and ordered up some snacks - nuts, crackers and cheese, and the like - and made sure the wet bar was decently stocked. Then I took a shower while the girls got dressed.

I was still in my room toweling my hair when I heard a knock at the door, so I tossed my towel aside and slipped into some shorts and a brightly flowered shirt and went out to greet our guests. Sue was ahead of me though. She was dressed in a very short and thin silk robe (tied quite loosely and gaping open down most of the front) and some heels, and got a couple of whistles from Chuck and Charlie as she let the Billings in. Mom got the same treatment as she stepped out of their bedroom. She had been a little more creative, improvising with a pair of scarves. One was wrapped bandeau-like around her breasts and tied in back, while the other was tied low around her hips, knotted at one side as a mini-sarong. She had slipped on her high-heeled sandals.

The Billings were dressed casually. Chuck had on shorts, sports shirt and loafers while Charlie wore shorts, T-shirt, and sneakers. For her part, Judy had slipped into a low cut tank top and tight little jogging shorts, along with sneakers. It was pretty obvious that the only thing under her clothes was her, and I suspected that the guys were dressed pretty much the same. Her tits were like perfect little cones under the thin ribbed fabric.

"Sorry, we're late.", said Judy. "We got turned around at the elevators and ended up all the way down at the other end of the floor."

"Not a problem. Come on in and kick your shoes off. Can I get anybody a drink?", I asked. Reaching into the refrigerator under the bar I pulled out a few bottles of beer. "Chuck? Judy?"

Both accepted a beer, but when Charlie indicated he wanted one, Judy said, "Think again, mister. You get Coke." I laughed and poured him a soda. Sue took a soda also, to keep Charlie from feeling left out, and I pulled out another couple of beers for Mom and myself. The girls gave the Billings the nickel tour of the place.

The Billings were fairly impressed with the suite. "Wow!", commented Chuck. "So this is how the other half lives, huh? We're staying in a sixty dollar a night Holiday Inn down the strip. Just what do you do, Maggie?", he asked Mom.

Surprised, Mom answered, "Who me? I'm just an office manager back in Atlanta, why?"

"They must pay office managers in Atlanta differently then they do in Norfolk, that's all."

"Oh. Well, this isn't my suite, it's Paul's.", she announced.

Surprised, the Billings swiveled to stare at me. Startled, Chuck said, "Excuse me, for asking but Paul, how does a guy your age, what eighteen..."

"Seventeen."

" ... Seventeen then, how can a seventeen year old guy afford a place like this?", he finished.

I shrugged my shoulders. "I've been pretty fortunate in the market, I guess."

He stared some more. "The stock market? You're kidding me, right?"

"Nope."

I could see that he was figuring I was bullshitting him, and I was not at all surprised when he laughingly asked, "So, got any good tips?"

I was starting to get a little ticked at his attitude, so I decided to answer and then move the group back to the previously planned agenda. "IBM is about to announce earnings that, while meeting their publicly announced estimates, have failed to meet several analysts' private estimates. Following the publication of their next quarterly report, it can be expected that IBM stock will drop between ten and fifteen percent. Now would be a good time to short IBM, or if you are feeling aggressive, buy put options. SEC reports will be filed next week." I had been told this by two separate analysts, and had used ten percent of my portfolio to buy put options on margin. I expected to make a real killing within the next week.

As I had expected, Chuck shut up, and he and Judy stared at me in astonishment. I was no longer the cocky but nice kid.

Mom broke the mood by inviting our guests to have a seat, and leading Charlie over to the couch. The living room had a couple of armchairs and a fair sized couch, with a coffee table and a few end tables scattered around. Mom gently pushed Charlie back down into the corner of the couch, then sat down next to him and curled her legs underneath her. This had the effect of raising her sarong up high enough so that her pussy was in plain sight of the room, and Charlie simply stared pie-eyed down at her crotch. The rest of us paired off naturally, with Sue leading Chuck to the other end of the couch, then sitting on the coffee table facing him. For my part, I hobbled over to one of the armchairs and sat down, then made a long arm and pulled Judy over to sit in my lap, so that we were facing our kin.

I was content to simply rub Judy's back gently as we watched Mom and Sue start things off. Mom began by resting a hand on Charlie's thigh, then slowly drawing it higher on his leg so that it was just below the cock throbbing in his shorts. Asking him if had ever done anything like this before, she was not surprised when he croaked out a negative. Reassuring him that everything would be fine, she brought her hand up to begin stroking him while leaning in to kiss him lightly on the lips. He moaned in pleasure as she massaged his cock through the fabric, then watched in rapt attention as she pulled back and unzipped his shorts. A surprisingly large erection greeted her as she knelt before him and pulled his shorts and briefs off. I had been wrong - at least one of the Billings had worn underwear!

Sue had taken a simpler approach. Leaning forward, she had taken Chuck's face in her hands and kissed him warmly on the lips, opening her mouth to swap tongues. After several minutes of French kissing, she had separated, then reaching down, had grasped his shirt tail and had tugged it up and over his head. Then she had leaned back and unbelted her robe, slipping it off and tossing it to the side, to sit there in naked glory, her wide spread legs displaying her fresh shaved cunt to his feasting eyes. Then she too had slid down to the floor to undo his shorts and remove them. Chuck wasn't wearing underwear.

Judy was laying back into my chest silently watching my women do her men, so I reached around and began to rub the palms of my hands over her distended breasts under her top, while she finished sipping her beer. Once she set her empty bottle aside, I reached up and peeled her tank top down off her shoulders and arms, to sit topless in my lap, then I began to more vigorously pinch and fondle her nipples. This elicited several long and low moans of pleasure. Moving my hands down her flanks, I slipped them into the sides of her running shorts and, as she lifted slightly off my lap, pushed them down her thighs. She helped by wriggling out of them, and I discovered that her tank top was actually a body suit, held together at the crotch with a pair of snaps. Reaching between her wide-spread legs, I popped them open, then took her hands and guided them to her trim curls. "Play with yourself.", I whispered. "Diddle your clit for me." While Judy masturbated in front of her family, I pulled her tank top off of her, always leaving at least one hand between her legs.

Kneeling before their partners, both Mom and Sue had begun to lick and suck their cocks. I had a strong suspicion that unless Mom was very careful, Charlie, whose previous sexual experience was limited to Rosy Palm and her five sisters, was going to blow his wad in record time. She was concentrating on licking his shaft and knob, trying to limit the stimulation she was providing. Sue, on the other hand, was dealing with an equally well endowed gentleman with considerable experience at receiving fellatio. She had moved almost immediately into bobbing her head up and down, taking him about half way into her mouth, while her hands were jacking on his shaft. Judy and I continued her foreplay while we watched.

After a few minutes Mom began to sense that Charlie was going to lose it soon, so in an effort to delay him some what, asked him to undo the bandeau top. I guess she figured that if he was doing something he might be distracted. If so, she was mistaken, because once he freed those big tits, he moaned that he was going to come. Mom gave in to the inevitable and opened her mouth to take his cock in. Once she had her lips wrapped around the head, his hips began to jerk upwards and he began to moan out, "Yes, that's it, that's it!" We could all see Mom's throat working as she swallowed his copious come, jacking his shaft steadily to work it all out.

Chuck couldn't help but notice his son's antics next to him, and he stared fascinated as Mom jacked Charlie off into her mouth. Inspired, he laid his hands on Sue's head, forcing her down onto his dick, and as her nose began to probe his pubic hair, began to thrust his crotch into her face as well. He quietly grunted out his pleasure as he spewed down my sister's throat.

As Chuck and Charlie finished coming, both Sue and Mom kept their faces to their groins, to clean up any jism which had escaped their lips and to resurrect their partner for the next round. Charlie, much younger than his father, was stiff again in only a few minutes. Once he was up again, Mom knelt back on her heels to strip off her sarong while Charlie pulled off his T-shirt. He simply implored, "Again? Please?", at which Mom smiled and began to give him a second blow job. Once Sue had Chuck stiff, she crawled onto his lap and straddled him, to impale herself on his woody.

I still hadn't gotten off yet, although Judy had orgasmed shortly before her son and husband, and I was still the only one dressed. I whispered in her ear for her to stand up, after which I stood and stripped and sat down again, my cock pointing at the ceiling. Judy stared at my organ. Even though her husband was more than adequately equipped to handle her needs, I was still both longer and thicker. Reaching out, I pulled her back to sit in my lap, then spread her legs wide as I lifted her into position. As she reached down to spread her pussy lips wide, I lowered her cunt onto my cock and slowly let her drop into place. Judy began to twitch and spasm around me almost immediately, coming the moment I was fully into her, and loudly began to moan, "It's so big, it's so good, it's so big, it's so good..." Her husband stared over at us with a lewd grin. Charlie simply ignored us, concentrating on Mom giving him his second hummer.

Judy collapsed backwards onto me as I continued to stimulate her tits, then revived as she came down from her orgasm to begin moving atop me. Within a couple of minutes she was bouncing on my cock, her fingers a blur of motion as she frigged her clit. I was able to last through a second orgasm of hers, then noticing that both Mom and Sue had gotten their partners off a second time, my own hips began to thrust upwards as Judy sank back in satisfaction. She reached up and back to caress my face as I spewed upwards into her tight little twat.

We all took this as a sign it was time to take a break. Sue climbed off of Chuck's lap and cleaned up the empties and got some more beer and soda. Chuck, Charlie, and I all took turns in the bathroom. Judy collapsed into our empty armchair, her eyes half-closed in supreme satisfaction. Mom surprised us by grabbing the cushions off the couch and laying them in a row on the coffee table, to form a sort of day bed.

Once we were all back together, Mom went over to Judy. Taking an arm, she gently pulled her erect, then led her to the coffee table. Pushing her down so that she was seated at the end on a cushion, she said, "Judy, your pussy is just full of come right now, and I think you need to be cleaned up." Pushing Judy onto her back, Mom knelt between Judy's outstretched legs and lowered her face into Judy's steaming snatch. It was obvious that this was a new experience to Judy, but one she was enjoying tremendously.

Then Sue surprised her further. Kneeling at Judy's head, she asked, "Judy, do you swallow Chuck's come when you blow him?" After Judy gasped out that she loved to swallow, Sue said, "Good, cause I've got a load of come for you." Standing, she straddled Judy's face and lowered her come drenched cunt onto our guest's mouth. If Judy had any complaints or protests, they were muffled in Sue's bald twat. She couldn't have complained too much, since after a few moments, Sue began to gasp as Judy began to tongue Chuck's come dripping out of her sloppy pussy.

By now, us fellows had revived enough to want some more action. Chuck knelt behind Mom as she licked out Judy and stuffed his erection into her hot and willing cunt. Mom let out a loud squeal of pleasure and redoubled her efforts. Sue climbed off Judy's face (probably gladly, since despite Judy's tongue, the overall position looked somewhat precarious and painful. Kneeling near Judy's head, she motioned both Charlie and me over and began to alternate licking our dicks. He and I grinned, and when we were both good and stiff, I motioned towards his mother.

We pulled away from Sue, and I knelt down next to Mom. Firmly grasping her shoulders, I pulled her up and away from our guest's snatch. Chuck didn't miss a stroke as I maneuvered her free. Then, once a path had been opened to Judy's spread legs and wide open twat, I told Charlie, "Okay, Charlie, climb on top and fuck her brains out!"

Charlie moved like greased lightening, as his mother widened her half-closed eyes, and drew her legs up to allow him the easiest entrance. He positioned himself above her, straight-armed, but looked a bit confused, as his erect dick bounced around between her thighs.

"Here, honey, let me help.", said Judy. She reached down between her legs with both hands, then spread her pussy lips and inserted his cockhead into her slit. "Now, push it in."

Charlie didn't need much encouragement. In a single swift shove, he was balls deep in the womb he had birthed from. He let out a loan groan, as she gave a yelp of pleasure. "Oh, God, Charlie, that feels so good! Oh, you've got such a big cock, honey!", she moaned.

Charlie began to rapidly piston in and out of her heaving pussy, her cunt juice slick and thick on his organ. "I can't believe I'm doing this.", he commented to Judy. "I've dreamed about fucking you, Mom. You're so pretty and sexy! And now I'm really fucking you! This is great!", he exclaimed.

Judy moaned agreement. "Oh, fuck me honey, just fuck me."

Charlie kept on pumping. "Gee, Mom, can we do this again? This is so good!"

Chuck chuckled and looked over at his fucking family, nodding vigorously. "You bet, Charlie.", he said. "You and me, we're going to give your Mom all the cock she can handle, morning, noon, and night." To Judy, he said, "Babe, you might as well forget about panties, cause when we're home, you won't be needing them!"

Judy giggled and moaned simultaneously. "Oh, just keep fucking me like this, Charlie, and you can fuck me anytime."

Kneeling in front of Mom had given her some ideas of her own. Leaning towards me, she had begun to lick my cockhead as Chuck plunged into her pussy from behind. Well, that was just fine by me. I crawled forwards and stuck my dick into her ovalled mouth, and Chuck and I began to hammer her from both ends. Since we had already come before, we didn't have quite the urgency to pop immediately. Then I had an idea. "Chuck, pull out and stick it up her ass."

I grabbed hold of Mom's head as I mouthfucked her, and Chuck pulled out. Her tanned globes beckoned like twin orbs as he spread her asscheeks and positioned his dickhead at her pulsating anus. As soon as he got his cockhead inside her little brown sphincter, he grabbed her hips and shoved in. Mom screamed around my cock from both pain and pleasure, but I held her in place with my meat shoved in so far that her nose was in my curlies. I told Chuck to start hammering and he did, as Mom gasped in orgasm around my cock.

Sue kept busy by fingerfucking herself and playing with Judy's tits, occasionally kissing Judy and Charlie.

Once Chuck started to assfuck Mom in earnest, things began to come to a head in a hurry. Mom was coming steadily, shoving back at the anal intruder and sucking like a Hoover on me. Judy was on her second orgasm with Charlie, who was spurred on by her enjoyment. Even Sue had fingered herself off once. Within two minutes, Charlie, then me, and then finally Chuck blew our wads, grunting out our orgasms as we filled our partners.

We broke again, to clean up some more (Mom had to take a dump, which she always does after assfucking), then had another round of soda and beers. It was getting late, and I doubted if any of us had more than one more come in them, so I decided to make it memorable.

As we gathered around the coffee table again, I said to Judy, "Listen, do you ever take it up the ass?" Charlie's eyes opened wide. He had ignored his father doing Mom in the butt, being too engrossed in his first fuck to notice. I don't think he had ever considered such an outlandish idea before.

Judy grinned. "Only under two conditions. Either Chuck wants to, or I want to. To answer your question, I do enjoy a good assfuck." Her nipples perked up at the thought.

"Okay, let's try something a little different.", I said. "Chuck, lay down on the cushions." I pointed at the cushion covered coffee table. It was very sturdy. "Ladies, get us nice and hard." Judy knelt and began to suck her hubby's cock, while Mom and Sue began to fist and lick Charlie and me.

Once we were good and stiff, I had Judy crawl on top of Chuck and straddle him. She stuffed his erection into her sloppy twat and sank down onto him engulfing the erect organ. I pushed her forward so and ordered her and Chuck to spread their legs apart. Then I knelt between their stretched-out legs. I was stiff and wet from Mom's mouth, but I had her drool spit into the crack of Judy's ass. Together we spread her cheeks and probed her rectum, then I positioned my cockhead and inserted it. Judy let out a gasp and pulled away slightly, but I kept my hands firmly on her hips. Slowly, very slowly indeed, I moved my cock deeper into her rectum.

Judy was in a half-ecstatic half-pained state as she accommodated her ass to me. "Oh, oh ... I've never had a cock that big in my ass!", she moaned out through clenched teeth. Chuck pushed her hips lower without pistoning much, and we managed to fully engulf ourselves in Judy's hot and willing holes. After a couple of minutes, she felt much better about this position and began to respond by thrusting back and forth slowly. Chuck and I began to pick up the pace.

Charlie stared in fascination as his mother took on two men at once. When I knew Judy was all right, I said, "Come on Charlie, she's got a third hole. Use it."

Charlie gaped at me. "You're shitting me, right!", he exclaimed.

Mom and Sue grinned as they pushed him forward. Judy said, "Come on, honey, fill me up. Let me suck you off." Twisting her head towards her son, she opened her mouth wide, and Mom and Sue guided his dick in. Judy promptly began to suck and tongue him, while Mom and Sue reached around him to fondle his balls. Groaning, he began to thrust his crotch into his mother's face.

After a few minutes, Judy had her first orgasm, moaning and shuddering between us. We three men continued pumping away, and she shortly had another crashing come, drawing away from Charlie's cock to wail in pleasure. I was beginning to wonder if Chuck, Charlie and I were too fucked out to do more than pump, when Mom solved things. Telling Sue to get between Chuck's, Judy's, and my legs, she had Sue kneel down and lick our asses. Then she knelt behind Charlie. Reaching between his legs to play with his nuts, she began to give our young friend a rim job. As her tongue tickled his anus, Charlie let out a roar. Grabbing his mother's face, he thrust his cock deep into her mouth and began to spew out jism, a never-ending flow that looked to be draining the life from him. So much came out that Judy couldn't swallow all of it. As Charlie staggered back, drained, she licked the come off her lips, then lowered her face to her husband's chest, where some had dripped down her chin. When she began to lick the come from Chuck's left nipple, he spewed upwards into her pussy, which set me off as well. In tandem we pumped our loads into her from both sides.

That was it for our interlude with the Billings. Completely fucked out, we staggered in two's and three's into the bathroom to shower and dress. After exchanging kisses and handshakes, they left for their own hotel. Mom, Sue, and I collapsed in exhaustion and slept for several hours. We had a very late dinner. The rest of our vacation was a bit tamer - we simply fucked each other!
Chapter 11
Home - Top   Feedback to author


Home « rlfj's Page « The Power Index « Previous - Settings
Chapter 11
Posted: December 05, 2001 - 12:00:00 am
Updated: February 27, 2008 - 07:56:13 pm
?

The only other remarkable thing that happened that year was a house. I bought one.

For awhile now I had been considering that our home was a bit small. Not to complain, really, but it was an older home, built after World War Two, a simple stick-frame two story of about a thousand square feet. The bedrooms weren't very large and the master bath was shower only. A tiny lot. Think Levittown South. I had been thinking about talking to Mom about it at some point, but had never really done anything yet.

That changed after we got frisky one day in my bedroom. I was lying on my back, with Mom bouncing on my cock while Sue got a mustache ride. Things were going quite swimmingly when all of a sudden, my bedframe collapsed in a loud cracking crash. The three of us tumbled to the floor, thankfully uninjured, but with our enthusiasm destroyed, as we surveyed the damage. Mom simply commented that we would have to go out that weekend and buy a new bed.

But I got to thinking about it. I was sleeping (or had been sleeping) in a twin bed. The largest size bed we could fit in my room was a twin bed. Sue's room was no different. Mom's room was larger, but could only fit a queen-size bed, still small for three people. The fact of the matter was that unless we slept on the living room floor, our house was simply too small for our fun and games.

So what to do? Like most people, Mom would gaze longingly at the various "dream homes" in the Sunday Supplements to the newspaper. With that as a start, I used The Power to quiz her about what she wanted in a house, then made her forget I had asked.

From there, I went out and found a real estate lady. I learned that an agent works for the seller and a broker works for the buyer. I simply went down to Century 21 and asked for the most successful broker in the place. The Power convinced her to treat me for real (which she gladly did when I pulled out a grand in cash as a retainer!) and gave her Mom's requirements and desires. Then I began to call my network of stock analysts - I would need some serious cash to pull this off, more than I had available.

After a couple of weeks, the broker called me to set up an appointment at what she thought we wanted. I met her and went through it with her. It looked pretty good to me, and arranged to bring Mom over to see. A much larger brick two story, it sat on an acre-and-a-half of land, with a small fenced in pool in the back. The three bedrooms were each larger than Mom's bedroom now, and could easily fit king-size beds. There was a bath adjoining the two smaller bedrooms, with doors opening to each and to the hallway, and Mom's bath was downright palatial, with his-and-hers sinks and vanities, a two-person shower stall, a whirlpool tub, and even a dressing room! Downstairs it had both a living room and a family room (with fireplace), an eat-in kitchen and separate dining room (ours had an oversized kitchen with a dining room light), and a patio door out to a deck for the pool. Very nice. The only drawback was that it was marginally out of our school district, but the broker told me how to get around that (cash!)

The pool worked out better than I had expected. Every year, as soon as the weather broke in the Spring, I would think {New bikinis!} to Mom and Sue. They would immediately go out and buy some new and miniscule swimsuits, and I would remove them from them to give them all over tans. Mind you, this required them to oil up my cock so that I could coat them inside as well as out, but they sure didn't complain! Nor did they complain when I brought girlfriends over and let them tan naked as well. Often they would join in the fun and games.

The owner and his wife had been transferred overseas. Their furniture was still in the place, but if we closed it would go into storage. In the meantime, the place was empty. I was impressed, and for $375,000, the place was a steal (I had been researching, and using The Power to get the best price.)

I brought Mom over that Saturday. At first, she couldn't believe what I was planning on doing. Even when I used The Power, {Believe!}, she couldn't believe it! She adored the house, but it was so far out of her reach she wandered around it star-struck. Finally, it sank in - I could do it and would do it. All she had to do was say, "Yes!"

"Yes, Paul, oh, yes! I can't believe it, but yes!", she whispered with tears in her eyes. She looked at me worshipfully. "Oh, God, Paul, how can I ever repay you." Gesturing around us, she repeated, "How will I ever pay you back? Oh my God!"

Hmmm, payback! I looked at her and got an idea. It was Indian Summer and we were dressed in casual clothes, me in slacks and light sweater, Mom in a denim skirt and a tight cardigan, with medium high sandals. I laughed. "Well, the furniture's not ours, that goes. When you sell the house, you can buy some new furniture." Her eyes lit up at the thought. "As for the payback, well, we'll work something out."

She looked at me suspiciously. "Work what out?"

I tossed my cane on the couch and sat down in an armchair. "Take off your bra.", I ordered. Mom snorted and I simply commented, "Payback's a bitch." She snorted in derision again, but smiled as she took off her sweater and bra, a lacy white affair. "You can put the cardigan back on.", I told her, "But only button the bottom couple of buttons." Her denim skirt was mid-thigh length and buttoned up the front. "Now, unbutton the skirt to the waist, and lose the panties." Mom complied with a knowing smile, unbuttoning the skirt and sliding some lacy white panties down. I pointed at the floor in front of me and Mom knelt before me. "Now start paying me back.", I commanded.

Mom leaned forward, her big tits pushing out of the sweater, her big nipples dark and prominent. Reaching forward, she unbuttoned my pants and I lifted my ass off the cushions as she pulled them down my legs. As she began to fellate me I gave my orders for her payback. "Payback will require that you provide me with three orgasms in each room of the house. You will suck me, you will fuck me, and you will take it up the ass. You will do this when and where I command. Each and every room, bedroom, bathroom, living room, whatever. No exceptions. Until you have done this, you will never wear bra or panties in the house. When nobody but us is home, you will wear whatever I tell you. High heels, stockings, and a smile, usually. If you come, fine, but your job will be to make me come. If Sue helps, I don't care, but my come goes into one of your fuckholes. You will be my houseslut until the debt is paid off. Do you understand" Mom mumbled affirmatively around my root.

Mom's head was bobbing madly in my lap while she fisted me off. When I was done with these orders she stuck her right index finger into my asshole and massaged my prostate, and I promptly groaned piteously and exploded onto her tonsils. "Oh, God...", I whimpered repeatedly as she pumped me dry.

Leaning back, Mom grinned. "So, I guess you liked the first installment."

Gasping and sweating, I said, "Oh, yeah, paid with interest. Now, get me stiff again, and climb aboard for the next payment." Mom lowered her face to my limp dick and I had a woody again ten minutes later. For this fuck, she crawled into my lap and straddled me, impaling herself on me. Despite what I had said about not caring if she got off or not, in truth, I made sure she enjoyed herself. I stripped off her sweater and skirt and watched her bounce on my lap. I didn't spew until her second come.

We needed to leave, so we cleaned ourselves up and got dressed. I figured the third installment for the living room would come later. Mom was grinning as I led her down the walkway. Still, her eyes widened when I gave my last order. "Oh, and Mom, for your clothing. Pick yourself up a 'French Maid' outfit somewhere, okay? And not too confining, if you know what I mean?"
Chapter 12
Home - Top   Feedback to author


Home « rlfj's Page « The Power Index « Previous - Settings
Chapter 12
Posted: December 05, 2001 - 12:00:00 am
Updated: February 27, 2008 - 07:56:13 pm
?

It's been nigh on twenty years now since I got The Power, and things have been fairly interesting in a carnal sense. Not too much so otherwise, but I had learned much as a kid. I never really wanted to make the world a better place, just my little corner of it.

Mom is now in her fifties and looks like she's in her early forties. She's put on about five pounds, but they're all in her tits and ass, making her abundant curves even curvier. Nowadays her red hair comes from Clairol, but when I once commented on it, she laughed and said that after thirty it's all maintenance anyway. She sold the old house, and with the equity bought all new furniture, including two king size beds, and an emperor sized one for herself. Then, since she was no longer making a monthly mortgage payment, she splurged and bought herself her first new car. A small Japanese convertible; she made (and still makes!) heads turn wherever she went.

Sue and I moved out of the house after we graduated from college, to go our own ways. Still, I live in the Atlanta area, so every couple of weeks, Mom comes over to visit or I go back home to spend the night or weekend incestuously humping. Mom is randier than ever. Nowadays, of course, when she's out on a date and it comes time for that old 'Your place or mine?' question, she can easily say 'Mine!'

Mom paid off her 'debt' to me by the time I graduated from high school. I tried to drag it out by keeping her from performing all three fucks in every room, but I miscounted. Mom didn't; she showed me later a little diary she had kept, with entries like "9/12 - O - Living Room" and "11/15 - A - Kitchen". I really enjoyed it when she wore that French Maid outfit. She had a flirty black satin micro skirt and a low cut black top, with very long fishnet stockings and four inch black stiletto heels. Whenever she wore it, sans panties of course, I always had to bend her over to take her in the ass!

Sue's life turned out a little different! If, as the saying goes, everybody gets their fifteen minutes of fame, Sue certainly got hers, and all by the time she turned 19! My sister became Miss November!

It all started when she turned 18, a few weeks before she was to start attending Georgia State to get a degree in teaching. Her two best friends were going to school at UCLA, so they went out a few weeks early, planning to hit the California beaches. And as corny as it sounds, Sue was discovered, lying around in her bikini. Mind you, Mom and I didn't learn about it until it was a done deal.

Sue had left with a promise to call and tell us where she was staying and a phone number. I was away when she called, but when I got home, Mom mentioned she had called and left a phone number, but no address. Curious, I took the slip of paper from my mother's fingers and picked up the phone. I punched in the number, only to get a response, "Playboy Mansion, can we help you?"

"Oops, sorry wrong number.", I said, and hung up. (If I had been really thinking, I would have used The Power to get Hef on the phone, and then I would have been set for life!) Figuring I had screwed up a digit, I redialed carefully, my eyes shifting back and forth between Mom's note and the phone.

You can imagine my surprise when I got another "Playboy Mansion, can we help you?" What was going on?!?

"Excuse me, is Sue Harron there?", I asked quizzically.

The operator on the other end said, "Please hold.", and a few seconds later came back on the line with, "I'm sorry. There's no one here with that name." I read off the number that Mom had written down, and she confirmed that I had called the number correctly, so I excused myself and hung up. Whatever Sue was up to, I couldn't figure, and without a phone number tracking her down would be like trying to find a needle in a haystack. Mom and I were out of luck until Sue called us back with the correct number.

She did call us back that weekend. I was standing in the kitchen, fixing myself a sandwich, when the phone rang, so I answered with a simple, "Hello."

"Paul!", she squealed ecstatically. "What's up bro?"

"Not much. Hey, before we get sidetracked, what's your phone number?" Sue gave me the same number as was on the scrap of paper on the counter. "Sue, that can't be right. That's the phone number for the Playboy Mansion.", I protested.

"Uh, huh, that's where I'm staying."

Mom had wandered in to get a turn at the phone, and she got a real worried look on her face as I exclaimed, "What!!!???"

"What's wrong, Paul? What's the matter? Let me speak to her.", she demanded.

I was trying to listen to two incomprehensible conversations at once, as Mom demanded to know what Sue was up to and Sue attempted to explain. Yelling at the phone, "Just hold on.", I turned to Mom and said, "Run upstairs and get on the other phone." {Go!} Then to Sue, I told her, "Mom's going upstairs, wait a minute and tell us again."

Mom looked startled and took off, running into the foyer and up the stairs. Fifteen seconds later I heard a click as Mom picked up her bedroom phone, followed by, "What happened, honey?"

It took about fifteen minutes for Sue to get it all out, between trying to answer both Mom's and my questions. It seems as if the first day she and her friends had hit the beach, they got hit upon by a fellow in his twenties, who wanted to take their pictures. Figuring him for a harmless dweeb, they agreed and allowed him to snap a few poses of them. Before he left, he handed them a business card and got a phone number for the motel they were staying at. It wasn't until after he had left that they had read the card and found that it had the Playboy Bunny logo on it. They were even more surprised when he called a couple of days later and asked for Sue. By the time of her first call, Sue had been photographed for real, in the all-together, and had moved into a room in the Mansion. Now at her second call, she had been selected as the centerfold for a few months' hence.

The reason we couldn't reach her was simple, she wasn't using her real name. She didn't want everyone back home to know what she was up to, so she used her full first name and her mother's last name. The reason she couldn't be called earlier was that she was listed as Suzanna Jones, not Sue Harron. It turned out that this was unnecessary, since nobody connected the well-stacked centerfold with the equally well stacked freshman.

Astonishing was the least we could say. I sat silent and slack-mouthed at the thought of my sister baring all for Playboy, while Mom repeatedly asked if she really wanted to do this.

"Yes, Mom, I really do. And there's something else; I won't be coming back to go to school right away.", she announced.

This was getting to be a bit too much. Both Mom and I demanded to know why not. Sue explained that Playboy had offered her a modeling contract separate from the Playmate deal, for lingerie shoots and such. In addition, some lingerie and swimsuit catalogs hired Playboy models as well. For instance, almost half of Frederick's of Hollywood's models were Playmates at one time. Sue wanted to try it out.

Short of using The Power to kill the idea, I had no way to tell her no. Besides, once I thought about it, I wasn't sure I really wanted to. After all, just how many guys can say they've fucked a Playmate of the Month, even if they can't say it to anybody else? I decided to mind my own business, although I promised to have her autograph the copy I was going to buy.

Mom was considerably more nervous, and demanded to see Sue face to face. When I suggested that she fly out, they both jumped at the idea. Sue asked Mom to bring out some baby and kid photos and such for the brief bio they do on the girls, and Mom agreed, albeit reluctantly.

As it turned out, things went swimmingly. Hefner personally greeted Mom at the entrance to the Mansion and showed her around the place. I wasn't surprised when I heard this - even though he's had scads of Playmates in his bed, they all seem to come away happy and convinced he's a class act. When they did the Playmate Profile bio, Sue and Mom were sitting next to each other on a couch trading stories.

On a more personal note, in the video bio she responded to a question as to who her biggest hero was. Without batting an eye or hesitating, she said, "My brother, Paul." She continued on with the story of what had happened with Jackie Malloy, and how her crippled brother had taken out a much larger guy with two punches, to protect her. She finished with a comment about how any man she married would have to be as heroic as me! What nonsense.

Sue's appearance in the magazine caused quite a stir, for a rather strange reason. In many ways it was a fairly classic centerfold shot. She was standing in a doorway, hands above her head holding the door frame, dressed in an open cup 'Merry Widow", with black stockings and high heels. However, she was Playboy's first shaved centerfold. To read the Letters to the Editor, this ranked up there with the first full frontal nude, the first tattooed nude, and the first body-pierced nude. Rather controversial, if silly.

She didn't win Playmate of the Year - that was a more conventional girl (36C-23-35, 5'6", blonde and blue-eyed). Still, Playboy only uses professional models for about half it's Playmates; Sue was in the amateur grouping, the traditional 'girl next door'. She considered it a real honor. She stayed out on the West Coast for most of the school year, modeling and building up a sizeable bank account, before coming back the following summer with a deep tan and no tan lines, to start school a year late. Summers and vacations usually found her flying back for modeling assignments. You could say that Sue's tits paid her way through college!

Midway through her senior year, Sue ran into a fellow on campus who managed to meet her criteria for heroic. She literally ran into him - they were both walking across campus, not watching where they were going and talking to their individual friends when they barreled into each other. Sue went flying, only to be helped up again by the person who had knocked her down. He was a Marine captain, about five years older than her, on a temporary assignment at the school's NROTC detachment. He promptly apologized by inviting her to dinner, and they promptly fell head over heels again, this time in love with each other.

They were married a couple of years later and Sue eagerly fell into the role of camp follower, merrily traipsing after him every few years whenever he got transferred, teaching elementary grades in base schools. She's happily monogamous and they've got four kids now, two sets of twins, boys and girls. It seems they run in his family. Apparently he really is heroic, with several combat medals from a military service notorious for being stingy with medals, and is now a colonel (brigadier general designate). They're stationed now at a base near Palermo, Italy.

I once used The Power to quiz him without him remembering, and he gleefully responded that Sue is the hottest piece of ass he's ever had. "She knows tricks that a Bangkok hooker doesn't know!", he exclaimed. "She first fucked me on our third date, and later on told me she had waited simply because she was on the rag for the first two. I mean, like whenever we go out, she never wears underwear. Ever! And she always wants me to screw her, pussy, ass, mouth, whatever. A night doesn't go by without us getting it on. Christ she gave me blowjobs the nights before the kids were born!"

I didn't tell him, but all I could think was that Mom and I had trained her well.

As for me...

I graduated from high school on schedule and enrolled at the University of Georgia. I continued living at home, since with both Mom and Sue eagerly servicing my dick, I had very little reason to chase broads on campus. Not that I didn't screw them ragged, too. If I met a pretty coed, I would simply use The Power to make them take me back to their dorm for a good fucking. They always thought it was their idea, and eagerly drained my balls of their come in pleasant nooners.

I majored in History, and renewed my acquaintance with Professor Blackhawk. He was ecstatic that I had entered his field, especially after I told him that he had been a big influence on me. He invited me over to his house for dinner, where he and Mrs. Professor told me that Jenny had gone to school back in Denver. I told them to send her my best wishes, and they asked what I was going to do after graduation. I shrugged and replied that I hadn't really thought about it, but that I really liked the college atmosphere. They told me to consider grad school and getting my Ph.D.

I did consider it, and the concept had quite a bit of appeal to me. The financial independence The Power gave me meant that I wouldn't have to get a job or pay off school loans. So why not? I enjoyed it, and I doubted it would be too terribly much more challenging than what I was doing already. Besides, Georgia is a big school - there were simply tons of honeys roaming the campus! The Professor greased my way through the admissions process and I became his protégé.

Shortly after I started grad school, I moved out of Mom's house. Sue was spending most of her time away from it now, in the company of her Marine, and it was simply time to fly the coop. Mom cried, of course, but she got over it pretty fast when I pointed out how she could bring her own boyfriends over now, so it went fairly well.

For myself, I bought five acres about half an hour from the school, and then built a house. Specifically I had a house built for me, I really don't know which end of a hammer is the business end. It's a large T-shaped split level. The ground floor has a sizeable family room, laundry and utility, and garage (read junk room). Then it's up a half-flight of stairs to the main guest portion, living room, dining room, kitchen, and den. Another half-flight takes you back over the family room portion, where four good sized bedrooms, two on each side of the hall, and two full baths splitting the bedrooms and with adjoining doors, then up the last stairs to the master suite. This is where I sleep, above the living room, et al, and has a monstrously large bedroom/sitting room arrangement, along with just about the largest bath imaginable. Dual sinks and vanities, three seat shower and whirlpool, even a bidet, everything a Lothario could ask for. Very plush indeed.

Shortly after I moved in, I learned what millions of other homeowners have learned over the years. Those beautiful Home and Garden looks, don't last. I needed to keep things up, to clean the house, vacuum, wash clothes, cook - keep house! Mom had spoiled me all those years. After another few weeks, I also learned, like everybody else, that I don't like to do these things. The difference was, that I could hire people to do them for me.

A little thought (very little, it came to me as I was eating lunch one day in a Hooters), that not only should I hire a woman to take care of things, but I should hire one to take care of me as well. My waitress was a pretty brunette, medium tall and with a nice build, and looked like she would do nicely. I used The Power to arrange a date, and the date ended up in bed, where she performed quite adequately. That girl gave a hell of a hummer!

I had already learned from her that she had quit after three years at Georgia State, and was working at Hooters to pay for her last year. The next morning, over breakfast, I proposed that she quit and come to work for me. I would pay roughly ten percent over what she was making now, tips included, and throw in room and board. She would simply move in for the rest of the year and clean house. Hauling my ashes was never directly specified, but was certainly implied.

Lynn jumped at the idea. She reached out across the kitchen table and shook my hand, then crawled under the table and pulled my robe open. I was slightly startled and lost even the half-erection I had, but she simply took my flaccid cock entirely into her mouth and began to suck. Even when I had grown to my nine inches, she kept me completely in her mouth and down her throat, sucking away, and she must have swallowed a gallon of jism when I came. She crawled back out from under the table, smacked her lips loudly, and shook my hand again. I laughed heartily, and agreed on the deal.

Trouble started about a week later. The first few days, she was busy moving in, and besides, I had never had a servant before, so I was winging it to boot as well. But by that weekend, I knew something was wrong. I had come home from a surprisingly long and tiring Friday, grading undergrad midterms, astonished by the inability of twenty-year-olds to form sentences consisting of nouns and verbs in the proper order. Lynn greeted me at the door with a kiss, wanting to know where we were going for dinner.

Where we were going? I hadn't said anything about going out! Besides, if I did go out, who was she to think that I was taking her? She was the hired help, not my girlfriend! I brushed past her and plopped down into an armchair. "Go get me a beer!"

Lynn slumped off into the kitchen. I heard her open the fridge but not a cabinet, and she stomped back in with an unopened bottle of Bud, which she thrust at me with a "What the fuck is your problem?"

"Just shut up!", I ordered. I stared around the living room and was not overly pleased. The end table by the couch was dusty, there were magazines scattered all over the coffee table, and I could see a few candy wrappers on the floor, along with some ring marks from iced drinks on another table. She moved to leave, and I said, "Stay right there!" {Stay!} She turned to face me.

"You seem to have the wrong conception of what we have going on here, Lynn. You seem to think that I'm your sugar daddy, and you're my live-in girlfriend. As I recall, I hired you to clean house and cook."

Lynn's face clouded up and she began to protest.

"Silence!", I bellowed. {Silence!} She shut up.

"Let me make a few things clear to you. First, you are not my girlfriend. You are not my fiancée, you are not my wife, you are not my lover. You will serve me in the kitchen, you will serve me by cleaning my house, you will serve me by mowing my lawn, and you will serve me by getting on your knees and on your back. I hired you to do these things, not because I am in some strange need for imitation romance, but because I need my house and property taken care of. I have no need to hire a full time whore, or girlfriend as you seem to think you are. After all, didn't I do just fine getting you to spread your legs?"

She looked as if she was about to protest again, so I stopped her. "Be quiet and listen." {Hear and obey!} I began to give her orders, reinforcing them with savage mental directives. "You will dust and vacuum and clean the house every day, not when you feel like it, but every day, the entire house. You will cook me my meals, what I want to eat, not what you want to eat. You will not eat with me unless I invite you to. Servants do not dine with their employers. You will wash my clothes and make my bed. You will mow my lawn and weed my grass. You will water my flowers and sweep my walk. And you will do this every day, all day long, whenever I am not home." {Dust! Vacuum! Clean! Cook! Wash! Mow! Weed! Water! Sweep!}

"Your personal hygiene and dress need improvement. You will bathe at least once a day. You will douche at least once a day. It's not that you have any problems in this regard, but I want it clearly understood. You will keep your armpits, legs, and cunt clean shaven - that's right, your pussy gets shaved bare, too." {Bathe! Douche! Shave!} She had opened her eyes wide at this, but I rammed it home anyway.

I continued. "Around the house, you will no longer wear underwear. You will no longer wear pants or shorts, unless I tell you to. You will no longer wear sneakers or low heeled shoes, or socks. From now on you will wear low cut tops and blouses, and short skirts or dresses, the shorter the better. You will not wear pantyhose, but stockings, both garter length, with a garter belt or garters, and thigh top. And you will wear fuck-me shoes with at least a three inch heel." {No undies! Short skirts! Stockings! High Heels!} "Do you understand this?" She nodded dumbly.

"Good. You're not stupid, just lazy. Now, when working outside, you may wear shorts, very tight and short, and tank tops or halters, but no underwear of any kind, and you may wear low sneakers, but not any socks. When you are menstruating, only then may you wear panties and pants or shorts indoors, but you must go topless at all times then. The rest of the time, you should dress like a very sexy 'French Maid'. Do you understand this?", I asked. Back when I had bought Mom her house, I had made her buy a 'French Maid' outfit and it had really turned me on!

"Yes, Paul.", she answered.

"Not sufficient. A servant does not call her employer by his first name. To you, I am Mister Harron. Or Master. Do you understand?"

Lynn looked down at the floor, avoiding my eyes. "Yes, Mr. Harron.", she said quietly.

I was feeling a bit manic by then, and later I was to really wonder whether I was going overboard using The Power, but I continued on. "It's about time. Now, run upstairs and bring down your highest pair of high heels." Lynn literally ran to the stairs, and I had to yell after her, "And no platform shoes either. I hate platform shoes." I finished off my beer, and she was down in under two minutes, standing meekly before me, her hands in front holding a pair of slightly scuffed black stiletto pumps. They had what looked to be about two-and-a-half inch heels.

"Those will have to do for tonight. However, tomorrow, I expect you to go shopping and obtain proper clothing and shoes. Mind you, you still have to do your work around the house. Understand?" Lynn nodded quietly.

"Fine. Now take off those jeans and shoes." In abject silence, Lynn kicked her sneakers off, then set the pumps down on the coffee table. She unbuttoned and unzipped her jeans, then wriggled out of them, kicking them to the side. Now she stood before me barefoot, in a bright red midriff baring top and pale pink cotton panties.

I looked her up and down briefly, and she ventured to look me in the eye, cringing slightly. "You obviously weren't listening.", I told her. She opened her mouth to interrupt, but I held up my hand, palm out, and stopped her. "Silence. I said, 'No underwear.' Unless you are on the rag, lose the panties and bra." Still looking me in the eye, but now with an anticipatory gleam, she crossed her arms in front of her and began to pull the hem of the top. "Stop!", I ordered. "I didn't say anything about the top, did I?"

"But..."

"Quiet! I didn't say you could talk, either. Now lose the bra. You figure it out." This really wasn't that difficult. Her top was basically a sleeveless tank; she simply reached around behind her, under it, and undid the clasp, then pulled it off her arms and out the front. She tossed it to one side, then grabbed her panties at the hips and skinned them off as well, to stand before me almost naked. I nodded in satisfaction, then pointed at her black pumps. "Put 'em on." She slipped them on as I continued to peruse her.

Lynn was actually a very pretty girl. Like I said, about medium height, dark brown hair and eyes, about a 36C cup, slim waist and hips, nicely slim and long legs. Her pussy was framed in a thick patch of dark brown hair, neatly trimmed short, in a very narrow Mohawk quite suited for almost any bathing suit. Still, I wanted it gone.

To really drive home her change in perceived status, I ordered her to the kitchen, to return with the largest wooden spoon in the utensil drawer. She brought back one a little over a foot long, and was very nervous as she handed it to me. As I took it I stood up and faced her.

"Now, you have been very naughty and need to be punished. Naughty girls get spanked." Her face fell. "Now, I'm sure that when you were little, your parents spanked you, so don't look surprised. This is nothing new. Now, turn to face the fireplace." She slowly turned to roughly a ninety degree angle to me, although she kept her eyes on me the entire time, specifically on the wooden spoon I now held. I reached out with my left hand and took the top of her head, to face it towards the fireplace. "Don't look at me. Look straight ahead. Now, bend at the waist ... hands on your knees ... lower ... lower ... stick your ass up, straighten your legs ... spread them ... ah, just right." I positioned her for her punishment, and stepped back to view her. I must admit she made a really erotic sight that way. I was very tempted to simply toss aside the spoon and fuck her. But self discipline won out.

"Now, Lynn, I'm just going to give you a few swats to make sure you understand. I want you to count them out loud for me. All right?" She nodded silently, although I could see tears welling up in her eyes at the humiliation of it. I stepped back and brought the spoon down on her right asscheek. SMACK!

Lynn let out a screech and damn near jumped up in the air, whirling to face me, her hands rubbing her ass. "That hurt!", she yelled.

"SILENCE!" {SILENCE!} She shut up. "Maybe you simply are stupid! Of course it hurt, it was supposed to. You're getting a spanking remember? Now get back in position. Since you didn't count that one off, we have to start over again." I jockeyed her back into place and gave her a healthy swat on the left cheek. SMACK!

This time she understood, and although she yelped and reached back to grab her ass, she sang out, "One, Mister Harron.", and resumed her position.

I gave her a total of twenty, not including that first, and when I was finished, her ass was beet red and Lynn was crying fiercely, if quietly. I must also point out that I had the mother of all erections in my pants. I unzipped my pants and sat back down in my chair, my cock waving in the breeze, and commanded, "Now suck me off. And if it's not the best blowjob you've ever given a guy, I'll stick it up that ruby red ass of yours and you'll really feel it!" Lynn dropped to her knees and immediately moved her face into my crotch, sucking my cock into her ovalled mouth and going straight into a sucking Deep Throat, bobbing her head rapidly while she rubbed my nuts and jerked my shaft. I have to admit, it was pretty damn good, and she took well under five minutes to get me off. As the final humiliation, just as I was about to come, I grabbed her ears and pulled her off my cock. "Make me come on your face." She continued to jerk me off as I sprayed my semen on her face and forehead. When I stopped spurting strongly, she leaned back in to lick the remainder seeping out of my cockhead up.

"Fine. Now go into the kitchen and make me dinner. Nothing fancy, just a couple of sandwiches and some chips. Bring me another beer. And wash the come off your face, you look like a slut."

Crying she went into the kitchen. While I ate, I had her stand in front of me, her right leg lifted onto the coffee table, and masturbate to orgasm for my amusement. Then I had her kneel while I fucked her ass anyway.

Within two months I had discovered two things, first, that I enjoyed having a servant to do various things around the house, and second, that Lynn was not what I really wanted for a servant. She never quite got used to the idea that she was not my live-in girlfriend but was my employee, and it didn't take me long to discover that only some really major reprogramming with The Power would be needed to make her change. This I was reluctant to do, since I had always figured on changing servants at some point and would then have to deprogram her.

Better to be more careful in the future. After a couple of months I began to look around for a replacement and found one in a pretty brunette who was a cocktail waitress at an Atlanta night club. Jacqui was shorter and slimmer than Lynn, and actually a few years older than I was, but was still quite attractive. Best of all she seemed to have no desire to be my girlfriend, and was perfectly content to clean the house and haul my ashes. I did use The Power to overcome an innate disapproval of anything lesbian related, so that she would join in when I wanted more than one playmate, but that was just about the extent of my changes to her. I let Lynn go and hired Jacqui on in her place.

Since then I have always kept one or two girls around as housemaids. With two it is very convenient to run them on one year assignments, rotating through a new girl every six months. That way I've always got somebody around to teach the new girls the ropes - what I like, how I like it, and so forth - and there's always somebody around who's new and fresh. Variety really is the spice of life.

I almost never have to resort to punishment to get the performance I want, at least not since I've improved my screening of potential candidates. Well, there was this one girl, Brynn, but she enjoyed being punished! I had always told the new girls that if I found them performing poorly that they might just get a good spanking, but a few days after I told Brynn, she managed to spill some lemonade on the carpet. When I called her on it, her eyes lit up and she began to plead with me, "Oh, please, Professor, don't spank me! Don't make me pull my skirt up and bend over your knees! Don't spank my bottom until it's all red and tingly!" She actually pulled her skirt to her waist and bent forward with her legs straight and spread, giving me an excellent view of her nicely rounded ass. It took me a second to realize her protests were along the lines of Brer Rabbit asking not to be thrown in the briar patch. So I promptly proceeded to have her bend over my knees while I spanked her on the ass. After only a half-dozen swats or so, I noticed that her tits had popped out of the low cut top she wore and she was pinching her nipples while she humped her cunt against my thigh. Well, you don't have to hit me with a sledgehammer! I spanked and fingered her until she had a very pleasant come, then pulled her into my lap for a very pleasant screw. Thereafter, she managed to have an accident worth punishing every week to ten days.

Very odd. I can't say I have ever really sorted out my feelings towards S&M. Still, it was interesting.
Chapter 13
Home - Top   Feedback to author


Home « rlfj's Page « The Power Index « Previous - Settings
Chapter 13
Posted: December 05, 2001 - 12:00:00 am
Updated: February 27, 2008 - 07:56:13 pm
?

Professionally, my life proceeded without much effort towards a doctorate in History and a teaching position at the university. My thesis was on the effect of more advanced societies on Neolithic peoples (read Europeans on the Indians, i.e. Native Americans). Professor Blackhawk was my adviser, and there weren't too many quibbles with it. I took a position as an Assistant Professor in the History department, and did make a bit of a stir with a textbook that I co-wrote with him, expanding on some of my previous work. I ventured into the field of anthropological economics and pointed out that contrary to the belief that the White Man (speaking no doubt with a forked tongue) had not cheated the indigenous peoples with cheap trade goods. Instead I compared the cost, pre-Europeans, in terms of labor and resources to make such items as beads and hand axes, and showed the economic benefit to trading with an advanced society.

Needless to say, there is a definite group of people who were offended by my 'disrespect' for the Noble Savage. It all came to a head when I was invited onto a late night talk show (sort of like Nightline) and found myself facing a panel of so-called experts. I simply used The Power to have them all admit, on air, that none of them had actually read our book and that I was politically incorrect. After that, it became the 'in' thing to own it, and while I didn't need the money, Professor Blackhawk was certainly pleased by the royalty checks.

Even though the academic world is publish or perish, I limited my writing as much as I could, primarily writing a review type textbook every few years. I found that my minor in English lit in college stood me in good stead, considering the vast number of academics who can't string two sentences together. I found that I did enjoy teaching, and not because it was an excellent way to meet nubile young ladies. I simply enjoyed it, and it left me with enough time to enjoy those young ladies, as well as many others.

My life changed one fall day a few years ago, when I was 33. It was a Friday, and the day started out as normal as all hell. Chrissie, the maid, woke me at 7:30 with a blowjob, and once she was finished I got up, showered, shaved, had breakfast, and went in to teach my 9:00 Pre-Colombian History class. After an office hour at 10:00, I left and got home again by 11:30. I figured to relax until my 3:30 graduate seminar.

When I got through my front door, Chrissie greeted me in her usual outfit, a short black skirt, short-sleeved white blouse (unbuttoned to the waist), black stockings, and black high heels. I tossed my briefcase to the side and leaned in to kiss her, fondling her tits with one hand while the other lifted her skirt to slip my middle finger into her bald slit. Chrissie is a small and slim redhead, very trim, with the perkiest little tits I have ever seen. My but she looked good. She was starting to writhe in my arms when she stepped away from me and took a deep breath.

"Oh, my, I really want to, but you shouldn't.", she panted out.

My eyes opened wide. "I shouldn't? Honey, the way you look right now, I should! What's the matter?", I asked.

"Oh, it's not me, it's Anna. I really think you should spend some time with Anna, instead."

"How's she feeling?", I asked as I handed Chrissie my jacket and she hung it up. Anna was the cook and was almost the complete opposite of Chrissie. She was almost as tall as I was and large-boned to boot. She had very pale blonde hair and Nordic features. Very pretty, striking even, in a Valkyrie-ish sort of way. She had a 40-28-39 figure, and I would have to bet that she outweighed Chrissie by forty pounds. The last few weeks Anna had been receiving Chrissie's and my attentions regularly, but not for the normal reasons. Chrissie had had the flu a month ago, then she gave it to me and I gave it to Anna - sort of like a venereal cold. But Anna had really been laid low, and had taken over two weeks to be able to do anything more than sleep and groan. There was little that we could do except give her lots of OJ and aspirin.

"She finally kicked the damn thing. She says she's feeling fine, and I gotta tell you, she looks great!", said Chrissie with a big smile.

"Hmmm. Well, then, maybe I need to have some lunch, and then see what we can come up with for dessert?"

Chrissie nodded and rearranged her disheveled clothing. "I think that's a good idea, Professor. I really think she's been missing out on her sex life, especially knowing that you and I are still screwing up a storm even when she's been too sick to care."

"Fine. Why don't you tell her to whomp me up a couple of sandwiches and a beer, and to serve me in the den.", I ordered. I loosened my tie and headed for the den off the living room. Once there I sat down and picked up Newsweek and started reading.

Anna came in about five minutes later with a tray containing some ham and cheese sandwiches, a Heineken, and a glass. She set it on the endtable next to me as she greeted me.

"How are you feeling today, Anna?", I asked. "I think this is the liveliest I've seen you in weeks!"

"Oh, I'm just fine, sir. I'm so sorry I haven't been able to take care of things the way I'm supposed to. I hope you're not angry with me.", she pleaded.

"Nonsense. Nothing you could have done about it. It's not like you asked to get this bug." I pointed at the couch across from me. "Sit down and rest. You really can't be too careful; you wouldn't want a relapse. Besides, if I recall, I gave it to you, anyway. Wouldn't be very sporting of me to blame you, now would it."

Anna sank, a bit gratefully I thought, onto the couch and stretched out on it. I suspected she was still somewhat weak, and we continued to talk while I ate my lunch. The main harmonic I was picking up was one of horniness. Neither Chrissie nor I had touched her other than to care for her for several weeks, and she was feeling lonely and lusty. A trace of The Power reassured her of my pleasure at seeing her well and the suggestion that she might be able to make dessert more interesting.

Anna was wearing a long-sleeved white cotton blouse and a white denim skirt, mid-thigh length with a brass zipper up the front, along with some white heels. While I ate, she relaxed back into the couch, head propped up on some throw pillows at one end, and began to loosen up. First she began by toying with the buttons on her blouse, popping one loose and spreading the collar open a bit. I began to see some cleavage and she raised one leg slightly, causing her short skirt to climb up her thighs. The zipper began to peel open on its own as the fabric was spread tighter. By the time I was working through my second sandwich, she had her blouse unbuttoned and her skirt was unzipped and bunched around her waist. She had not been wearing underwear. As I wiped my hands on the napkin and finished my beer, she began to massage her nipples and her clitoris gently, eyes half-closed in anticipation.

I rose from my armchair and went over to the couch, sitting next to her, and began to lend some helping hands. I began to gently knead her soft and meaty titflesh between my fingers, and she opened her eyes to stare at me with pure and unadulterated lust. Leaving her stimulation in my hands, she reached up and removed my tie, then began to unbutton my shirt. Once she got down to my belt, she simply kept going, undoing my belt, unsnapping the waistband, and lowering my zipper. I shifted slightly to allow her to tug my slacks down my thighs, and she immediately began to use both hands to stroke and fist my erection. I returned the favor by slipping a hand between her thighs. She spread them as wide as she could and let out a low moan as I slid two fingers inside her drenched cunt.

I could tell she was ready, and Lord knows, I certainly was, so I stood to let my pants fall around my ankles, and climbed over her, to kneel between her outstretched legs. I lowered myself onto her as she guided my cock inside her steamy cunt, trapping her fingers at our joined crotches. Anna likes to play with herself while we fuck; she can finger herself to multiple orgasms before I come. I began to slowly move my hips back and forth in long, slow strokes as I felt her fingertips begin to move between us. I had the time, so I concentrated on Anna's pleasure as she writhed and moaned beneath me, and was able to last almost a half hour before I exploded into her. Anna is a very wet and juicy lady to begin with. By the time we finished, our groins and the couch were soaked!

Still, I did have a seminar and some paperwork. I reluctantly climbed of the couch and grabbed my clothing. I stunk like a whorehouse when the fleet came in and needed a shower. Anna stayed on the couch in a dreamy post-orgasmic daze, and I left her with a soft and gentle kiss. Still, she had recovered enough so that by the time I was cleaned up and dressed again, she met me at the door as I was leaving. Sinking to her knees, she asked, "I think you need a special 'thank you' and sendoff for this afternoon, don't you?", and then unzipped me to give me a very fast mouthfuck. I walked to my car on very shaky legs.

I was walking down a hallway with a few of my grad students later that afternoon when a group of girls came through the door. Ordinarily I would have given them a routine once over, but my mind really was on my talk with my students. But then this one girl came through the door, and I literally stopped dead in my tracks. Oh, sure, she was certainly attractive enough, but that is not the reason that I came to an absolute dead halt, like I had walked into a wall. No, it was the harmonics I was getting off of her. She must have felt something back from me, perhaps something like a reverse sympathetic vibration, because she came to a dead halt as well.

We both looked around wildly for a few seconds to try and pinpoint the source of our disquiet, and then our eyes settled on each other. Ignoring my students, who had kept walking and had now stopped to turn and stare at me, I slowly walked over towards her. She turned to face me as well, ignoring her own friends, and waited for me to approach.

"Hello, I'm Paul Harron.", I said, not sure what else to do.

"Maddy Rocks.", she replied, and we looked at each other for what felt like an eternity.

Finally our friends came up and tried to get us to continue on our merry ways. This broke us out of our trance. Before we parted, I asked for and got her phone number. Then we split. Every few feet I would turn around to look at her, only to find her looking back at me as well.

"Professor, who was that?, asked one of my assistants.

I looked at him and smiled. "I have no idea, but I think I'm going to marry her."

He stared, so I used The Power to make him forget.

I called her that evening when I got home, only to get a busy signal. It took two hours of calling to get through the answering machine, the busy signals, and ringing off the hook. Finally, a young and female voice answered. "Hello?"

"Maddy Rocks?"

"That's me, who wants to talk?", she quipped.

We were off and running. We must have talked two hours, and I didn't remember a damn thing. Her name was actually Madelaine Rochambeau, shortened to the nickname 'Maddy Rocks' when just in kindergarten. She was a senior and just shy of 21, studying for a degree in veterinary nursing. We arranged a date for the next night.

I was very pleasantly surprised the next night when I saw her wearing something other than a white uniform. Granted, with the strength of our harmonics, she could have looked like Attilla the Hun and I would have been happy, but she was drop dead gorgeous. She was maybe five-foot-three and weighed around one-fifteen, with a heart-shaped face and honey-blonde hair that hung in shimmering waves to the middle of her back, sapphire blue eyes, and a figure that simply wouldn't quit. Later, when I had the chance, I asked her for her vital statistics and she told me she was 36-22-34. I peeked at her bra and found out she was a DD cup! Simply outstanding!

Our first date I took things very slow, not wanting to push. Despite the fact that her harmonics were telling me she was terribly interested in more than a good night kiss, they were also telling me NO! I found this rather ambiguous at best, until it hit me that maybe there was a reason. {Scratch your nose if you are menstruating.}, I thought. About two seconds later Maddy scratched her nose. Ah ha! Mystery solved. I definitely postponed anything more than a good night kiss.

It was funny though, when I walked her back to her apartment. I was a bit unsure of myself and didn't want to blow it, so I hesitated at the door. She looked up at me and asked, "A penny for your thoughts?"

I shrugged and smiled. "Oh, just wondering if you'd let me kiss you good night."

Her face broke out into the biggest smile. "I only kiss good night went I want the fellow to ask me out again." With that she stood on tip toes, wrapped her arms around my neck, and planted a smooch right on my kisser, hard and long, even slipping me a bit of tongue. Quite a kisser!

I have got to admit, I was so horny by the time I got home that I woke both the servants up to take care of me. I found Chrissie in Anna's bed, both of them asleep. I was a bit surprised, since Anna doesn't normally swing that way, although Chrissie does, but Chrissie confessed that she had gone in to check on Anna's condition and had managed to let things get carried away, Anna simply lolling back in pleasure as Chrissie brought her to one oral orgasm after another.

Once they were awake, I had Anna open up her night stand and pull out an elaborate double dildo I had bought her one time. It was rather substantial and had a very powerful vibrator built in, to boot. I slammed it into them and turned it on, then stripped down while they cried out in pleasure. I left them plugged together while they gave me joint head, then after they had resuscitated me, slid down behind Anna and slipped into her asshole while Chrissie double-donged her from the front. Anna is a woman who really likes to assfuck, and she was simply in seventh heaven, her ass spasming around me as I plowed her from the rear. Even after I had spewed my seed into her guts, she whimpered over her shoulder to keep it in and do it again!

The next week was rather hectic for the girls. Maddy had me so worked up that after talking to her on the phone I would have to take one or both of them on the spot. It was almost as if I was obsessed with sleeping with her. I would fuck Chrissie or Anna and fantasize that I was doing Maddy that way. Why I simply didn't use The Power to command Maddy to screw me I don't know; maybe I knew she was going to screw me on our next date anyway.

What with classes and schedules, Maddy's and my next date wasn't until the following Friday. She had told me that was her 21st birthday and I wanted to do something real nice for her. She dropped by my office on Tuesday to say hello and practice kissing me again, and I told her my idea about dinner, dancing, and her first legal drinks. She seemed very taken with the plan, but frowned, saying she didn't have anything nice to wear, and maybe we should plan something else. I had already learned that Maddy, while not living in poverty, had to keep very close attention to the dollars. She was on almost a full scholarship and working besides, so party dresses were definitely a no-no.

"Not a problem.", I said, reaching for my wallet. I pulled out a few hundreds. "Go out and buy yourself a dress."

She looked shocked and protested, "Paul, I can't!"

{Do it!}, I commanded. "Go ahead, splurge. Think of this as my birthday present to you. Buy yourself something nice."

This time her protests were much weaker, and I simply used The Power to reinforce her desire to give in and agree. In no time at all she nodded. "Okay, I will! Want do you want me to get?", she asked.

"Huh? Whatever you want."

She put her hands on her hips. "No, really! You're paying, you get to decide."

Well, now wasn't that an interesting thought. {Go along with me.} "You say so." I shrugged my shoulders and leaned back to contemplate the idea. A picture formed in my mind. "All right, here goes. Something in red, a dress, maybe calf length with a nice slit up the front, a bit low cut and as backless as possible. Stockings, not pantyhose. High heels." She looked shocked, but I simply shrugged. "Hey, you asked."

"Wow, I guess I did. Are you serious?"

I simply shrugged and nodded, "Sure, why not?"

She gulped and looked at the money. "Look, are you serious? Cause if you are, I don't have any of that stuff."

In response, I simply peeled off a few more bills, then added them to the others and stuffed them in one of her pockets. "There, go shopping."

She shook her head in amazement and stood up from where she was sitting on the corner of my desk. "Good Lord, I'm going to have to start looking now! Tonight!" She kissed me good-bye and took off.

I didn't see or hear from her the rest of the week, and was wondering what kind of a monster I had created. That Friday I picked her up around seven and still didn't know - she was wearing a trench coat (well, it was a chilly evening) - although I could tell she was wearing red high heels. Finally, we got to the restaurant and she took off the coat, at which point my heart almost stopped. Her dress was a bright red, backless and almost sideless, rather tight up top and cut so low her very large breasts were almost spilling out the front, and held up by some very thin straps crisscrossing in the back from side to side and tying at her waist in the back. It was longer than I had expected but had any number of slits front, back, and sides, with the satiny material overlapping in a sort of 'car wash' effect. An awful lot of very shapely leg could be seen when she walked, as it swished musically around her. I couldn't tell if she was wearing stockings or pantyhose, but if they were stockings I suspected that they were pretty darn long! Worse, the material was just heavy enough that I couldn't see panty lines, so I was stuck wondering. Her overall harmonics were that I was going to get very lucky that night!

She stood in front of me, nervously and expectantly, so I said the first thing that came to mind, "Hubba, hubba!"

"Well, do you like it?" I twirled my fingers to indicate that she should turn around and she twisted back and forth slowly. The skirt swished around her legs and her tits jiggled pleasantly but stayed in place.

I put a hand over my heart. "Uh, nurse, I've got a problem. My heart just went into palpitations and my temperature is rising. Can you do something for me?"

Maddy giggled and took my arm as we headed into the restaurant. "Sorry, I'm a veterinary nurse. I only treat dogs and cats."

"Woof. Woof, woof."

"Paul, you're awful!"

"Woof!"

You could hear eyeballs click as they slammed around in sockets; distracted men and jealous wives and girlfriends tracking her movement through the dining room. After the waiter seated us, she leaned over towards me and asked in a low voice, "Are you sure? I was worried it was a bit, um, extreme. I've never, ever worn a dress like this before."

"I like extreme. Extreme looks good on you. Very good. Besides,", I said with a glance sideways at another couple coming into the room. The woman must have weighed 300 pounds if she weighed an ounce. "better that you look extreme than some other people we could point out."

Maddy followed my glance and her eyes widened. "Yikes. I hope so, I can never tell with you."

"Trust me, extreme is good. Why, did you know that the first colonies in this country were nudist colonies!" Maddy's eyes opened wide and silence issued from her moving lips. "God's honest truth. They used to play nude volleyball with the Indians. Of course, then the Puritans showed up and screwed it all up."

Maddy snorted in derision. "You see, I can never tell with you."

The comic relief of the evening occurred when I ordered a bottle of champagne. When the waiter brought it he asked Maddy for some identification. To be truthful, Maddy had her hair done up and was made up so that she didn't look at all like a teenager, but I had set things up ahead of time. She fumbled out her driver's license and then the fun started. The waiter made a big to do of it, examining it closely, comparing the photo to her face, and turning it over to look at the back side. Then, to Maddy's consternation, he summoned the maitre'd over with a hand signal.

"Any problems?", he asked, ignoring Maddy's protestations that it was real and it was her birthday. This guy made an even bigger to do, holding the license up to the light and checking for watermarks. By now, most of the nearby tables were staring at the show, and I was lamely shrugging my shoulders as Maddy demanded I 'Do something!'.

Finally, the manager was summoned, and Maddy stewed as the three of them verbally debated her license's validity. Finally when I could tell she was at the boiling point, and half the restaurant was watching, I thought, {Now!}. They promptly handed her back her license and began singing 'Happy Birthday', as the waiter popped the cork off the champagne.

Maddy turned beet red, especially when the rest of the place joined in by mid-song. But I could sense that she was secretly very pleased, even if she would never tell me. When they had finished and bowed to the cheering audience, she glared at me and pointed a finger at me. "You set me up, you bastard!", she whispered. I gave my best innocent and injured look, but she wasn't buying. "I know you did, and I will get even! I swear it!"

"You loved every moment of it, and you know it."

"Hah!" Still, she smiled as she said this, and I knew my final birthday present had been well received. I used The Power to cancel the birthday cake, as overkill.

After dinner, we went to a club for a couple of drinks and some dancing. As usual, I eschewed the faster numbers and was perfectly content to take her into my arms for the slower dances. Maddy was a very pleasant armful, and if she was unhappy about missing two-thirds of the dances, I couldn't detect it. And short of some sort of direct probe, I still couldn't tell whether she had panties on!

It was after midnight when I squired her to my Caddy (love that big Detroit iron!) and suggested, "Perhaps a nightcap back at my place?". Maddy simply nodded agreement with a smile, and we drove the twenty minutes or so back to my house.

My single mistake to the whole evening was to have not warned Anna and Chrissie that I was probably going to bring a guest home. Maddy was very surprised to see a beautiful young redhead wander sleepily into the foyer as we entered, wearing a long black silk robe and barefoot, rubbing the sleep from her eyes. Fortunately the robe was opaque, if sheer, and Maddy didn't notice that Chrissie wasn't wearing anything beneath it. Maddy's eyes opened wide as she said, "Hello."

"Good evening, miss. Or is it good morning? Good morning, Professor. Can I get you anything?"

"Why aren't you in bed, Chrissie? What are you doing up at this hour?" {Cover for me.}, I thought. Actually, it wasn't too terribly unusual to have a beautiful woman greet me at the door when I got home late, and as often as not, be wearing even less.

"Oh, I was just getting a drink of water when I saw your headlights enter the driveway. I'm fine. Can I get you anything?"

"Uh, we were just going to open a bottle of wine. I can get it."

"Please, sir, I can get it." Chrissie moved towards the kitchen, although I followed along protesting that I would take care of it. {Stay!}, I thought to Maddy.

Once we were alone in the kitchen, I told Chrissie, "For the next few days, you and Anna switch to Uniform B, okay.", then took a bottle of Chianti from the wine rack. "I'll take care of this.", I said as I grabbed a corkscrew and a pair of glasses. Chrissie nodded her understanding and went back to the living room, then up the stairs and to her room.

The different uniforms came about when I began having guests over. Uniform A is the standard 'bend me over and fuck me now' look the girls normally wear around the house. Short skirts, undone blouses and tops, stockings, and high heels. Uniform B is more casual clothing, shorts, slacks, underwear, lower heels. Cute, pretty, not overtly sexy. Uniform C is the most extreme, like something out of a bad '40s gothic movie. Anna in particular tended to look like a dyspeptic lunch lady when in Uniform C.

I found Maddy still in the living room, standing before the open patio door. "Who was that?", she asked.

"That was Chrissie, the maid." I handed Maddy the glasses and peeled the foil off the cork.

"You have a maid?! And she lives here?!", she asked in disbelief.

I began to screw the corkscrew into the cork. "Um, hmm. Also a live in cook. Her name is Anna."

"And just where do they live in?"

"Servant's quarters are on the second floor. I live on the third. Problem?", I quizzed, as I used The Power to lower her alarm reaction.

Maddy shrugged in perplexion. "I guess not. I've just never known anybody who had a personal maid and a cook, let alone live in servants."

"I've always thought I would have made a fine 'Lord of the Manor' in the old days."

"But, Paul, that must cost a fortune!"

By now, I had opened the wine and had poured two glasses. I handed one to her, then sat down on the couch opposite. I waved off the cost issue. "Maddy, you should probably understand that I don't simply live off my income as an assistant college professor. Just how many professors do you know who drive a brand new Cadillac and can afford to take a girl nightclubbing in a brand new outfit that they had purchased?"

She sipped her wine and blinked in surprise. "Well, I don't know. I've never gone out with a professor before. I guess you really wouldn't get paid enough to do that."

I let a wry smile cross my face. "Maddy, what I make couldn't even pay the mortgage on this place, if I had a mortgage on it. The simple fact is that I have made a number of very good investments over the years, and now I no longer need to survive by my paycheck. I can simply afford to do something that I enjoy, which is teaching history. The paycheck is simply spending cash."

She stared at me and shivered slightly.

"Chilly?", I asked.

Now it was her time for a wry smile. "That, too, but I was simply thinking about having that kind of money. I guess it's a lot."

I simply shrugged and left the question unanswered. "If you're chilly, come over here, and sit down." Maddy smiled and sipped her Chianti, then walked over to the couch to sit down next to me. I simply patted my thigh and silently invited her onto my lap. She carefully settled into me and I wrapped an arm around her. "Now isn't that warmer?"

She kissed me lightly and leaned into my chest. "Much nicer."

We drank about half the bottle like that, with Maddy on my lap, stealing kisses when not sipping our wine. Finally, when I sensed she was about wined out, I slipped the cork back into the bottle and set our wine glasses aside, and took her into my arms. She eagerly changed pace and we began some serious necking. After a bit we found that our hands were wandering all over each other, and that I had to reposition myself. To be blunt, I was suffering some serious wood and it was down one leg of my pants, and with Maddy in my lap, it was damn near painful.

Placing my hands on her hips I gently moved her down towards my knees. She looked at me curiously, then simply gave an "Ohhhh." of understanding as I tried to discretely adjust myself. I gave an embarrassed look, but she didn't seem offended and promptly flowed back into my arms. This time, however, she became a bit more aggressive, and reached a hand up to remove my tie. Once this was off, she began to unbutton my shirt. I don't have to me smacked with a sledgehammer; I began kissing her neck and under her chin, and then down to the tops of her breasts and into her cleavage. Maddy let out a low moan of desire and continued unbuttoning my shirt down to my waist band, where her hand lingered briefly, then began to fumble with my belt.

"Hold on a second.", I said. Maddy sat upright and I actually had her stand briefly as I took off my jacket and tossed it aside. Then I took off my belt and pulled her back into my lap. "Now, where were we?"

Where we were was the beginnings of foreplay. Maddy promptly unzipped my pants and put a hand inside, fishing my erection out of the opening. She gasped when she saw the bright red head filling her small hands. Staring at my manhood, she twisted around in my lap and stretched out beside me on the couch. I lifted my hips to help her as she tugged my pants and shorts to my knees, and she gasped again as she saw my cock in all its glory. If she thought it was too big, she kept it to herself, and then she lowered her face to my crotch and opened her mouth.

I damn near came the moment her lips wrapped around my cockhead, it was that good. While I could sense that she was relatively unpracticed in pleasuring a man orally, she certainly had the basics down pat. Simply put, she simply began sucking the first few inches, while her tongue swirled around me and her hands jacked on my shaft. In an effort to try and distract me as much as anything else, I reached down and untied the straps holding her dress together at the small of her back. This didn't prove very distracting, since as the dress peeled away I could see more and more of her flawless skin. How she avoided tan lines I had no idea. It really wasn't very long before I stopped her and said, "If you don't stop that, I am going to come like all get out."

I was very surprised by what happened next. Maddy pulled off my cock but continued to jack me. Looking up into my eyes, she said, "Good. I want you to come. Come in my mouth. Please. I want to taste you." Then she took me back inside and began to Hoover my cockhead. Oh, sweet Jesus, but did that feel good. Moments later I could feel my cock swell in her mouth as it began to spasm and pump out shot after shot of jism. I think Maddy was surprised by the volume and vehemence of my ejaculation, but she gamely soldiered on, swallowing what she could and letting the balance run down my cock and onto her hands. Even after I had begun to deflate, she continued to lick the come from my cock and her fingers.

Afterwards, she rose to her knees next to me, smiling as I panted, spent. She wiped a strand of come off her chin and licked that off her hand as well. "I guess that went fairly well.", she quipped.

"Wow, I guess so." I poured us another small glass of wine and I watched her breasts jiggle at me as she swallowed. Her dress had now fallen to her waists, and her tits were simply sensational. Very large and proud, they sagged slightly without drooping, and she simply had the largest nipples I had ever seen. They thrust out from those jugs at least an inch, and were stiff with desire.

"Stand up.", I commanded, and Maddy curiously did so. As she stood in front of me, I pulled her dress down past her hips and let it fall to the floor. The answer to the night long question was stockings and panties, very long and sheer stockings, and a tiny, almost nonexistent, lace thong panty. Reaching up, I tugged the thong down to the floor as well, and Maddy stepped out of them to stand before me in almost all her glory. She had a very deep 'innie' for a bellybutton, and her pubic hair was trimmed almost completely bare. A small tuft of short blonde curls was atop her cleft, but the sides were shaven quite cleanly. I stared at her briefly, willing my flaccid dick to life again, and could feel it coming alive even as I pulled her by the hips closer to me. Bending forward, I pushed my face into her crotch and stuck my tongue into her slit.

Maddy's cunt was definitely moist with arousal, although her juices weren't running down her legs like some of the women I have fucked. She had a light and musky taste and scent, very pleasant and arousing. Her trim job made the task of finding her clitoris easy. Disdaining any fancy tricks, I simply extended my tongue and began to flick her clit with the tip. It was necessary to keep a tight grip on her hips with my hands, because she began to immediately gasp in pleasure, shaking and shivering from something other than the night chill on her naked flesh. Now it was her turn to pant, gasping out, "I'm coming, I'm coming!", over and over. Her hands twisted through my hair pulling my face deeper into her cunt, shuddering at my tongue's touch. I kept licking until she had come massively twice, and when I pulled away, she looked down at me with an awed look of satiation and anticipation. And also worry; I could sense a certain degree of fear through the harmonics.

"What's wrong?", I asked.

"Hmm? Oh, nothing really, it's just that...", her eyes looked at my newly rampant organ with a sense of worry. I figured that she was scared because of my above average size, but that wasn't it at all! "Well, I've just never, I mean..."

Now it was my turn to stare. "You're a virgin?", I blurted out.

Tears welled up in her eyes as she slowly nodded.

I chuckled and pulled her onto my lap, facing me and straddling my thighs. My erect cock stood at attention between us as I lifted her face to mine. "It's all right. I'm just surprised, is all. You just gave me the blowjob of a lifetime, only to tell me that you've never made love."

She nodded in embarrassment. "I was planning on saving it for marriage, you know, but somehow, tonight seems right. I want to make love to you tonight, here, now. Please?", she asked quietly.

I bit back any smartass remarks and kissed her gently. "I want to as well. This will probably go easier if you simply crawl forward and raise up. That way you can control things, so to speak." Maddy immediately moved closer to me and raised herself up, so that my cock was pointing straight at her pussy. I reached between her legs to spread her cuntlips as she slowly lowered herself onto me. "Now, this may sting at first, but I promise it will pass." I tried to remember how I had initiated the only other virgin I have ever had, my sister those many years ago.

Maddy understood what I meant and continued to lower herself onto me. She next surprised me by blurting out, "Oh, I don't have a hymen, this won't hurt, I'm sure of it."

I was getting about all the surprise I could handle, as Maddy began to rock back and forth on the organ securely lodged up her slit. "Let me get this straight.", I asked. "You don't have a maidenhead, you give terrific BJs, and you know it won't hurt to take a larger than average cock, but you're a virgin?"

Maddy began to slowly bounce on my lap, as my hands guided her hips. "I said I was a virgin, not a complete sexual novice. You're not my first date, you know. I mean, I am twenty-one! I even have a vibrator!" She gave a slight shudder as my cock rubbed against her clitty. "Although, if I had known just what I was missing, I would have done this years ago! Oh, Paul, this feels so good!", she cried out. "I must have been an idiot!"

I didn't comment, but it really did feel good. Her cunt was impossibly tight on my prick, sliding slickly up and down on it. I was quite thankful that this was my second coming, since the edge had been taken off and I could relax as she did all the work. I brought my hands up to lift and cups her mammoth tits and she leaned forward to allow me to suckle them. They turned out to be extremely sensitive, as Maddy began to buck and shiver around the cock clenched tightly by her cunt.

Maddy was responding more than I had ever hoped for. "Oh, God! Oh, God!", kept pouring from her lips as she thrashed in my lap. As I continued to lick and nip at her nipples, she was running her hands through my hair and pulling me tighter into her ample chest. While I had been wondering about her plentiful chest since our first date, the first time I had seen her without a coat on (a very nice and tight sweater!), now that I was really up close and personal I was more impressed than ever. While it was impossible to inhale them whole, I opened wide and tried, and Maddy responded enthusiastically. When I first began to suck her tits she had her first fucking orgasm. When I brought them together and managed to bring both nipples into my mouth at once she went nuts. Hopping heatedly in full length strokes up and down on my cock, she screamed out her passion and I joined her, spewing northward as her pussy eagerly swallowed my sperm. Panting we collapsed backwards onto the couch.

After a brief breather, I helped my love off my lap and stood up. We retrieved her clothing and went upstairs to my suite.
Chapter 14
Home - Top   Feedback to author


Home « rlfj's Page « The Power Index « Previous - Settings
Chapter 14
Posted: December 05, 2001 - 12:00:00 am
Updated: February 27, 2008 - 07:56:13 pm
?

The rest of the night was enjoyable but slightly anticlimactic, at least given how things had proceeded downstairs. I used the bathroom first and then slipped into some silk boxers while she cleaned up. Boxers are the perfect pajamas for the fellow who doesn't want to wear pajamas. They have a bit more sophisticated look than briefs, and are just the thing if your lady likes to do a little night fishing. Lacking any night clothes of her own, Maddy asked for and borrowed one of my dress shirts. She came out of the bathroom looking young and innocent, an impression she laughingly destroyed by unbuttoning it and flashing me before she hopped into my bed. We screwed one more time, with me vigorously topping her as she squirmed beneath me, legs spread wide and ankles wrapped around my back. For a rank amateur, she had some terrific moves.

The next morning we were damn near caught inflagrante delicto by Anna. Actually we slept till almost noon. We woke slowly and were reaching for each other when the door knocked. "Professor, you awake?", asked Anna quietly.

Maddy blurted an obscenity and levitated out of the bed, running into the bathroom. I laughed and rubbed my eyes. "Come!", I yelled.

"Good morning, sir." Anna came in with a large tray, with a carafe of coffee, two cups and saucers, and a variety of sweet rolls and buns. "We were wondering if you and your lady friend might not be hungry." She set the tray down on a small table near the French doors to the balcony and deck and looked around the room, smilingly taking in the wreckage of the bedclothes.

"Sounds fine to me. Pour me the usual, Anna." Anna nodded and poured me mine, black and sweet, as I stood and put on a robe. Tapping the bathroom door, I asked Maddy, "You want coffee?" She didn't answer. "Maddy, you want some coffee and Danish?", I persisted.

The door cracked open an inch and she looked out in embarrassment. "Yes, please.", then slammed the door shut again when she saw Anna standing there in Uniform B, white slacks, a tank top, and deck shoes. Anna grinned and shook her head in amusement as I shrugged. I retrieved another robe from the closet and opened the bathroom door.

"Here, silly, put this on and come out and have some breakfast." {Come out!}

Maddy slipped the oversized robe on and stepped out into the bedroom hesitantly. She turned beet red when she saw that Anna was still there. Anna ignored it and said with a smile, "Hi, I'm Anna, the cook. Your coffee, you want it with cream like Chrissie, sugar like the boss, or straight up like me?"

"Black, please." Maddy began to regain her confidence as she realized that Anna was neither disapproving nor jealous. Maddy went over to the table and looked over the sweet rolls, picking a large Honey Dew. Then she noticed that on the side of the tray were her panties from last night, apparently left downstairs. Maddy red-facedly grabbed them and held them behind her back. I grabbed a mini-eclair as Anna left, then sat down in a chair and began my morning routine of stretching and massaging my knee and leg.

"Why did you make me come out here? What is she going to think? Oh my God, what were you thinking of?", Maddy demanded, shaking an index finger at me. The effect was ruined by the fact that the hand she was shaking was also the hand holding the lace thong.

I simply stared at her and she noticed what I was staring at. Thrusting her arm behind her again, she began to giggle, then looked around at the shambles of the bed. "Kind of silly, I guess."

"Kind of. Listen, honey, you can have servants or you can have secrets, but you sure can't have both. Let's face it, when Chrissie saw you come in last night, after midnight, in that dress, you didn't simply think she figured us for a nice game of backgammon, did you? I don't think that's quite realistic, hmm?"

"Maybe not. My dress! I can't wear that home, not now, in the middle of the day! I'll never get the straps done up again!"

"So, stay here the weekend. We can stay in here and order up room service."

"Paul, you are so exasperating at times. As pleasant as that sounds, sooner or later I will have to go home."

"Okay, back in a second." I finished my eclair and wandered out of my room. My first thought was to borrow some clothing from one of the girls, but that really wouldn't work. Anna's clothing would look like a tent on Maddy, and Chrissie's would be too small. I settled it simply, by retrieving her trench coat from the closet and bringing it back upstairs. Maddy had begun to shower, so I tossed the coat aside and got some clothes out for myself. When I was done with my shower, I found Maddy in the bedroom, towel wrapped around a figure too lush for a simple towel.

"Well?", she queried me.

I was already dressed. "Ready?", I asked.

"Sure. What'd you find for me?"

I whisked the towel away from her and held her coat out. She stared at me in horror, then shrugged into it, buttoning it from hem to collar and tightening the belt as well. "Paul, one of these days I am simply going to kill you." She slipped into her high heels and we went downstairs. Mercifully, neither Chrissie nor Anna was around the living room, but I could hear Anna puttering in the kitchen. I went in and retrieved an old shopping bag for Maddy to put her clothes in, and also to tell Anna that she and Chrissie had to get any of their clothing (or any other woman's, for that matter) out of my room for the weekend. Maddy hadn't gone searching through my closets, but I don't think she would have been pleased with what she found. I was planning on working on this problem, but I viewed that more as a long term solution.

Maddy loosened up considerably in the car as we drove, once she realized the Clothing Police weren't going to arrest her for the immoral wearing of a trench coat. Her roommate was out, which was not unusual since it was early Saturday afternoon. I relaxed on a bean bag chair while she changed clothing in her room. She emerged with a small gym bag which she had tossed in a few things for the rest of the weekend at my place.

She really looked cute and sexy! She had on a light denim blouse, tied loosely at the waist, and a tube top underneath it. A mid-thigh length denim skirt flared out at the hips, and she had on sneakers and white ankle socks. Normally, I hate women in sneakers and ankle socks, but on Maddy, they looked cute and sexy. This reminded that our breakfast had interrupted an interesting interlude this morning, and that the juices were starting to back up since last night.

"Ready?", she asked perkily.

I rose and came over to her. She handed me her bag, which I tossed onto the chair. Turning her to face the mirror over the bureau, I said, "Not quite.", then I pulled her skirt up from behind and pushed her plain cotton panties down past her hips. "We never finished something this morning.", I announced.

Maddy tried to protest, with a weakly murmured, "Oh, Paul, we can't!", but her heart wasn't in it, since she backed up against the erection in my pants and began rubbing my cock with her ass cheeks. I unzipped and pushed my own pants low enough so that my manhood waved in the breeze, then bent my knees and pushed into her from behind. This was a new position for Maddy and one that she seemed to enjoy. I made things a bit more visually appealing by pulling her tube top to her waist and pulling the front of her skirt up, so that we could both see my cock thrusting into her pussy from behind. I made this a quickie and came, thrusting hard, just as she began to shiver in orgasm quietly.

Maddy was rather surprised though, when I reached down and picked up the panties that had pooled around her ankles. Rather than hand them to her, I crudely used them to wipe the come from my dick and her cunt, then threw them into her bedroom. She began to protest, but I simply thought, {Come on, let's go.} She glanced back at her bedroom as we hustled out.

We went mall hopping for the rest of the afternoon, and she very rapidly got over the fact that she wasn't wearing any panties. We had a light lunch and took in a matinee at the Cineplex, then went back to my home. Maddy was full of surprises. Despite this morning's shyness, she was much more comfortable being around my staff. She changed into a light and airy halter-topped sundress and high heeled sandals for dinner, and in this dress it was easy for me to tell that there was nothing beneath it but Maddy. She even tried to help out in the kitchen, only to prove that she really had no talents in a kitchen, unless she happened to be stretched out on the counter. Well, not everyone can cook.

After dinner, we curled up on the couch in my den and watched some television. Well, okay, she did slip to the floor and give me head for my post-dessert dessert. Later, once she had slipped onto my lap, I unbuttoned her dress and fingerfucked her for almost an hour. But we didn't really screw until we went to bed. She gave me a sly smile and took her bag into the bath with her and didn't come out again for almost a half hour. The wait was worth it. For a virgin, she possessed some startlingly sensual clothes. Now she wore a transparent white peignoir, with a neckline that plunged below her waist, where it met with the slit up the front. Last night the only light in the room was from the Harvest Moon; tonight I left a dim reading lamp on as she climbed onto me and straddled my waist. Impaling herself on my erection, she slowly moved above me, and much too soon, I found myself pulling her hips hard against me, as I thrust upward and maddeningly exploded. Maddy never pulled off, she simply stretched out on my chest and straightened her legs with my semi-flaccid dick still trapped inside that tight and sweaty slot, and we necked and petted until my strength returned, then I lay there happily as she slowly writhed on top of me, coming several more times before I did.

The next morning, I taught her the doggy style. I also tried to teach her sixty-nine, but she excitedly told me, as we moved into position, that she knew this one, then went on to prove it most delightfully. She gave me the first deep throat of our relationship that morning. Then we had breakfast in bed, screwed around some more, and I took her home around noon.

Was I worried that someone might complain about a teacher sleeping with an undergraduate? Not in the least. She wasn't one of my students, wasn't in my department, and was no longer a minor. Besides, I really didn't care - I was entranced with her. Even without the simply stupendous sex, I would have been perfectly happy simply being in her presence. Our harmonics were simply incredibly strong, so much so that I began almost immediately to contemplate the M word. Besides, I could always use The Power on any nay-sayers.

Maddy moved in shortly after Christmas and my staff switched to Uniform B for the time being. It was Maddy's last semester and she didn't have classes, only an internship in a veterinary clinic. Why they do this last and not first, I'll never know; What if someone decides they don't like veterinary work? We promptly gained a new house guest, when I came home to find a kitten scampering around the kitchen. Stray animals soon became a way of life, tempered by the ease with which I convinced my staff to adopt one and take it with them when I switched maids and cooks.

I had never had any plans to turn to a monogamous relationship. Anna had left after Thanksgiving to get married, and my new cook, if not quite as good as Anna, was heartily bisexual. Shortly after Maddy moved in she complained of a backache, and this was my opportunity.

"Um, Janet says she knows massage. Why don't you let her give you a backrub?" {Agree.}

Maddy looked over at Janet. "Well, okay, I guess. Do you mind?"

{Agree. Spread some towels out on the living room carpet. Do it there.}

"Sure, I'd love to. Why don't you go upstairs and take off your clothes and come back down. I'll lay out some beach towels and get my stuff." Janet and Maddy both went to their rooms.

Chrissie had been watching the exchange curiously, so I decided to invite her in. {Help Janet.} Chrissie gathered up a few large towels and began to spread them on the floor of the living room. I grabbed a beer and sat down to be a voyeur.

By the time Maddy came back downstairs, Janet and Chrissie had things organized, with several large towels spread out and a bottle of massage oil warmed up in the microwave. Maddy returned barefoot and wearing a short bathrobe; Janet ordered her to remove it, and Maddy took it off to reveal a somewhat conservative set of cotton bra and panties. She knelt on the towels and lay face down.

{Go slowly. Start with a back rub.} Janet poured some oil in her hands and began to massage Maddy's back. {Close your eyes and relax.}, I thought to my sweetheart, and Maddy closed her eyes and let out a contented sigh. After about five minutes, it was time for Phase Two.

{Tell Chrissie to remove Maddy's bra.}, I ordered.

"Chrissie, this is getting in the way.", said Janet, touching Maddy's brassiere. "Lose it." Chrissie simply nodded and undid the clasp, then pulled the offensive item off Maddy's arms and pulled it out from under her. Maddy kept her eyes closed and Janet began full length strokes up and down the muscles of Maddy's back.

{Janet, have Chrissie help on Maddy's legs.} {Chrissie, get undressed.} Both Chrissie and Janet were wearing tights and oversized sweaters. Chrissie pulled her sweater off to reveal she was braless, then silently skinned off her tights and panties.

"Now, Chrissie, pour some oil on your hands and start on her legs." Chrissie looked startled but complied, with Janet coaching her. "Not too much ... that's right ... start at the feet and work your way up ... alternate..."

Maddy was definitely relaxed, so I moved to Phase Three. {Chrissie, pull down Maddy's panties and take them off her.} I continued to sip at my beer as my throat began to dry.

"These have got to go.", announced Chrissie. Slipping her hands up to Maddy's hips she gently began to tug her panties off, and without assistance from me, Maddy lifted slightly to accommodate her. Both Janet and Chrissie were now working on Maddy's more sensual spots, including the sides of her breasts where they flattened out beneath her, and Maddy's deliciously voluptuous ass. Her entire backside glistened from the oil, right down to the cleft between her asscheeks.

Finally, I thought to Maddy, {Keep your eyes closed.} To Janet, {Strip naked, then it's time for the other side.} Janet took off her sweater and tights (no panties), then murmured, "Roll over.", and gently tugged Maddy onto her back. I think Maddy had completely forgotten I was watching as she was flipped onto her back. Janet and Chrissie began to work more oil into her pliant flesh, and I began to develop a serious hardon from watching the three naked women. Maddy must have liked it, too, because I noticed that those huge nipples were distended and stiff.

{Chrissie, switch and work on Maddy's tits. Janet, massage Maddy's inner thighs, then her pussy.} The girls never missed a beat, and were soon giving Maddy the most sensual massage of her life, in effect, jacking her off. Maddy began to respond with a few low moans, her eyelids still clenched shut, and hr backside began to squirm on the towels protecting the carpet from the oils and sweat. Finally, it was time.

{Janet, move between Maddy's legs and gently spread them apart, then begin to lick her pussy. Chrissie, when Janet begins eating Maddy, you begin to lick her tits.}

The masseuses repositioned themselves and their 'client'. As soon as Janet's lips hit Maddy's clit, Maddy's low-level orgasm when into the big leagues. "Oh, God, oh, God!", she cried out, as her hands entwined themselves in Janet's and Chrissie's hair. Her eyes were still closed as she thrashed beneath their mouths.

I finished my beer and let the two ease off a bit. Once her come had diminished, I stood. {Again!}, I commanded, and Maddy began screaming in pleasure a second time. This time I wanted Janet and Chrissie to be much more forceful in forcing her to orgasm. I kept silent as I undressed. My cock was as stiff as I could ever remember it as I moved to Maddy's head and knelt.

{Now, Maddy, open your eyes.} Maddy opened her eyes in the depths of her orgasm to see my erection dangling before her face.

"Yes, oh, yes!", she gasped, and opened her mouth wide. Lifting her face to my crotch, I fed her my cock. She was a woman possessed, voraciously devouring my woody. Taking her hands away from Janet and Chrissie, she began to furiously jack on my cockshaft and rubbing my nuts.

"Oh, that's good, Maddy." Janet and Chrissie stopped their dining to look at Maddy chowing down. "Don't stop, girls, keep going. Get her off again.", I said. Maddy had now remembered we weren't alone, and a worried look came into her eyes as she stared up at me, to be replaced with a look of utter bliss, as the pair resumed cunt and tit sucking. She began to suck heavily and I couldn't last. "Sweet Jesus, that's it ... oh yeah ... here it comes, here it comes ... take it, take it...", I gasped as my cock twitched and spasmed a load into her throat.

We all collapsed together onto the carpet, with me holding Maddy in my arms. She was wide-eyed at the realization that she had just participated in a bisexual orgy. I thought she simply looked glorious, laying in my arms, naked and covered with massage oil. I wanted some more.

Laying her gently down on the carpet, I placed a pillow under her head, then knelt between her legs. My dick was slowly building its strength back, but I decided not to wait. Grabbing the bottle of massage oil, I poured some into both Chrissie's and Janet's hands. "Chrissie, rub Maddy's pussy and get her nice and slick and wet. Janet, get me stiff again. I want to fuck the living shit out of Maddy." If Maddy had concerns, she didn't voice them. She simply watched with half-shut eyes as Janet began to work the oil into my semi-soft cock, then jack it back to hardness. By the time I was at full strength, she was humping back at Chrissie's hands and whimpering in anticipation.

I crawled forward. Lifting her legs over my forearms, I positioned my cock at the entrance to Maddy's cunt and Chrissie pushed my head into the entrance. A single firm thrust had my sword sheathed to the hilt, with a loud moan from Maddy. A simple, "Now, get her off, girls.", put Janet and Chrissie to work. They knelt on opposite sides and immediately began to work their hands over Maddy's breasts and between our joined groins, to rub and play with her clit. She came twice more, in moaning and thrashing comes, before I collapsed on top of her, her knees pressing into her tits, her legs still over my arms and twitching joyously in the air, as I filled her slit with my boiling jism.

Afterwards, Maddy was too fucked out to do much more than lay there, so I picked her up and carried her upstairs, where we took a shower together. I reassured her of my love for her, no matter what happened with the other girls, and reinforced it strongly with The Power. Then we dressed (I had her wear a halter top, micro-skirt, and high heels, saying I wanted to screw her after dinner) and went down to dinner. Janet and Chrissie had switched into Uniform A, and did so from then on.

Maddy took whole-heartedly to cuntlicking. A few days later, I came home from work to find the house empty, or at least so I thought. Dropping my briefcase on the couch I looked around, only to find the three girls out on the porch in the sunroom. This was a room off the deck on the main floor, which opened out onto a deck around the swimming pool. It was too cold to have the pool open, but the sunroom had a large whirlpool tub, along with an exercise mat that the three of them were lying on. They were arranged in a circle, each of them munching on a cunt. I wasn't terribly interested in joining them just then, so I retrieved my briefcase and retired to my den to grade some papers.

About half an hour later, I heard the patio door slide open and looked up as Maddy walked into the den, wrapped in a long terry robe. She slid around to the side of my leather armchair and slid into it sideways, kissing me. I could taste warm pussy on her lips.

"You've been busy.", I commented.

"Jealous?"

"Not at all, just commenting, is all."

Maddy twisted around to wrap her arms around my neck. "Janet and Chrissie are fun, but I'm still so horny! I need some cock!", she demanded. So saying, she twisted further around in my lap, lifting a leg to throw it up and over my head, to end up facing me, her legs straddling me and thrown over the arms of the chair. Her pink and newly shaved pussy gaped open in my lap.

"That's new.", I said.

Maddy put both hands into her crotch and spread her cunt lips wide. Sighing gently, she said, "I was shaving my legs when Chrissie came in to clean. She helped. Did you know she has the most immense double dildo! I do so love servants. This is a whole different world for me, darling. Now come on, fuck me, I need some cock!" She begin to unbutton my shirt.

"Hmmph. So that's all I am to you, a cock? Just what kind of man do you think I am, Maddy Rocks? I'm no pushover, you know!", I teased.

Maddy continued to undo my shirt and didn't stop at my pants, unzipping them and pulling my boner loose. Untying the sash at her waist she hurriedly stripped off her robe. "I know just what kind of man you are, Professor, the kind who wants to fuck young coeds!" She grabbed my cock and held it upright, then leaned back against the desk and arched her back. As her butt lifted off my lap, she pointed my erection at the lips of her cunt and dropped down onto it. She gasped as she slid onto me.

"Ummm, maybe so.", I gasped. "But I'm an old man. You're going to have to do the work, young lady." Forcing her hands into her cunt, I reached forward and lifted and massaged her tits. I stared at our crotches as she began to pleasure herself. "Show me where you like to be touched.", I said. {Show me and tell me!}

Maddy began describing how she masturbated, the pleasure points and erogenous zones of her body. I filed away these facts for later use, concentrating on touching her tits and nipples where she wanted me to. I was intensely aroused when she reached down and began to stuff her fingers up inside her pussy alongside my cock, twiddling them around up there so much that I came from the sensations. Maddy sagged back against the desk as my dick softly slithered loose, along with a heavy stream of come and pussy juice.

She climbed off my lap. "Later, darling." She grabbed her robe and went upstairs to change for dinner.

From my joining in on Maddy's lesbian pleasures, it was only a short line to Maddy inviting the girls into our pleasures. This took only the least prompting with The Power, along with continued assurances of how much I cared for her. I didn't even know it at first. Maddy and I were in bed in a sixty-nine position, with her sitting on my face, when I felt her pull her head off my cock. However, almost immediately after that she began to suck me again, and in short order I popped my rocks into her mouth. Or so I thought; when she climbed off my face I was astonished to see Janet with us, licking come off her chin. After that, it was not at all unusual for one or both of the girls to join us.

It was Chrissie, for example who shaved Maddy's remaining tuft of cunt hair off. Also, Chrissie was with us when I introduced Maddy to anal sex.

The three of us were in bed one night having fun. Both girls had combined to give me a joint hand job and blow job and I had already sprayed theirs tits with my jism, which they had licked off each other. Then, after getting me hard again, Maddy crawled on top and straddled my thighs while lowering herself onto the erection that Chrissie aimed at her open cunt lips. I had simply reached around her ass and began to cup and massage her ass cheeks, and letting my middle fingers stray to her asshole. At this new sensation, Maddy began to buck against me, whimpering and moaning.

{Probe her ass.}, I thought to Chrissie, who promptly began to kiss and lick Maddy's bunghole. Maddy went into overdrive once our maid inserted her middle finger gently and began to twirl it around up inside there. She was in the midst of a powerful multiple orgasm by the time Chrissie inserted a finger into my ass, driving me over the edge. Grabbing her hips, I spewed upwards, my balls draining in ecstasy as Maddy collapsed onto my chest.

Chrissie crawled up alongside us and began to kiss us both. "I think you liked that.", she said to Maddy.

Maddy groaned. "I think I loved that!"

"Maybe tomorrow night we'll get a cock in there. You'll fucking go nuts, then!"

Maddy exhaustedly agreed and fell asleep. The next night, however, Chrissie reminded her of the plan, and Maddy agreed, although she later admitted to some trepidation. After dinner that night, Maddy, Janet, and Chrissie came into the living room, all dressed in short robes and high heels, which they stripped off once in front of me. Then, while Janet gave me a slow and low key blow job, more to whet my appetite than to make me come, Chrissie had Maddy kneel on the floor in front of me. She lubed up a medium-sized vibrator with some KY jelly, then slowly inserted it into Maddy while I watched with fascination. Maddy simply moaned in joy as Chrissie turned it on, moving it around and forcing Maddy through two orgasms.

Finally, Chrissie ordered me to my knees behind Maddy, then, while Janet aimed my cock at Maddy's rectum, pulled the dildo loose. Maddy's asshole gaped open long enough for me to stuff the head of my cock into the opening. After that, I took it slowly, working my cock deeper into Maddy's bowels as she spasmed in orgasm around me. In no time at all I was making long and deep strokes into her ass, and Maddy was crying out how good it felt, and to go faster!

It wasn't long before my cock twitched out my vital juices into her rectum and we sank together to the floor. Chrissie and Janet, however, wouldn't let us part, so with me still with a half-hard cock up her ass, Maddy and I rolled onto our sides. Janet and Chrissie then began to work on both Maddy and I, licking and rubbing, until I was rigid enough to begin fucking her again. This time we stayed on our sides and the girls continued to work us over. It was a longer fuck, since I had already come once, and by the end, Maddy was starting to get sore, even as she orgasmed. It was a few days before we could try again, but she really enjoyed that full feeling. She really got into it once they taught her about enemas!

Maddy had a real exhibitionist streak, too, which really showed through on the night I proposed. By Valentine's Day I was committed, I wanted to marry the girl. Our harmonics meshed perfectly. So I made reservations at a restaurant and got a ring, a nice two carat solitaire in a plain gold band. When I went ring shopping, I use The Power to obtain a set of sizing rings from the salesman. It was a little tougher getting Maddy to forget that I had used them on her, but I had practiced over the years.

I had originally planned on asking her at the restaurant but changed my mind when she came downstairs. She had on a matching cream colored skirt and jacket outfit, with a mid-thigh length skirt and a fairly open front jacket, under which she wore a severely low cut red bustier top. "Sit down.", I asked, leading her to the couch.

"What is it, Paul?", she asked as I sank down onto my left knee and cocked my right leg to the side. It had been bothering me for a few days and I couldn't bend it. "Paul, what are you doing?"

At my new eye level, I got an excellent view up the front of her short skirt, past the tops of her long and sheer stockings, to the lacy red panties guarding her privacy. I looked up at her face and grinned. "Well, actually, right now, I'm enjoying the view."

Maddy crossed her legs primly and snorted. "Seriously, Paul..."

"Seriously, Maddy." I pulled the jewel box from my jacket pocket. "Seriously, Maddy Rocks, would you marry me?" I opened the case and let the light shine on the ring.

Maddy gasped as she saw her engagement ring. Then she began to cry as I took it from the case and held it to her ring finger. She could only nod as the tears flowed, and I slipped it on, then kissed her.

Janet and Chrissie both came in at the commotion Maddy was making, and they started crying too, which was not at all in my plans. Still, certain things should be left unattended, and I levered myself up and sat down as the two servants oohed and ahhed with Maddy at the rock. When I commented that we had to be going, the three of them ran from the room to fix her makeup. When they came back, Maddy looked more beautiful then ever, positively glowing. Just before we left, however, she slipped her hands underneath her skirt and pulled down her panties. She handed them to Janet with the comment that she didn't want to 'obstruct the view'.

Once at the restaurant, we sat next to each other, at a ninety degree angle at the square table, rather than across from each other. About midway through dinner, I commented to her, "That guy at the next table keeps staring at you." Almost as if he sensed me talking, a middle-aged man glanced away to talk to his wife, an overly large and brassy blonde.

"I know. I suppose it's my fault anyway.", she said with a wicked grin.

"How so?"

"Well, I have been showing him my pussy all evening"

I looked at her in shock, then glanced at her lap. Her skirt was pulled up to her waist and her legs were spread wide, showing the world just how slutty and horny she really was. "Well, I suppose everybody likes the view.", I quipped, at which she laughed and rearranged her clothing more decorously. She continued to flash men more discreetly the rest of the night. Later on, in the car, she stripped off the bustier and skirt, and I was simply forced to pull off the road to screw her in the back seat of the Caddy.

The following weekend Maddy took me home to meet her folks. They really weren't her parents, but her aunt and uncle. Her real mom had died in childbirth and her father had died of cancer when she was two, leaving her in the care of her mother's older sister and husband. It was rather surprising to them, as well, since they were several years older than her parents, and had already raised four boys. The youngest of them was a few years older than me, and her aunt and uncle were in their sixties.

Her uncle was a cold and distant man, a clerk in the post office, and her aunt was a rather plain and tired woman, worn down by the presence of her dour husband. He was one of the few people whom The Power had no effect on, and was mightily displeased by the realization that his niece wanted to marry a man half again her age. He grumpily sat through dinner, but afterwards he shuffled his sons and their families out, then wanted to know just who the hell I thought I was. Maddy was mortified and his wife grimaced, but I held my ground.

"I am the man your niece is in love with, and I'm the man who loves her, as well.", I said with a smile. This only set him further off, and he began a long diatribe on teachers and professors and our lack of money. I began to get heartily sick of the asshole.

Fishing in my jacket pocket, I pulled out a brokerage statement I had stuffed in there after lunch. Slapping it down in front of him, I said, "Here. I don't make enough? Read this."

He glanced at it, then demanded, "What's this?"

"That, sir, is my latest brokerage statement." I tapped the bottom line figure, a number in excess of ten million dollars. "That is only a partial value on my net worth. Now why don't you get off it. I will take care of Maddy."

By now, Maddy was in tears, which was really pissing me off. "Uncle Jack, I am going to marry Paul. Now, you can go along with it and walk me down the aisle or not, but I am going to marry him whether you like it or not. So get over it or you will never see me again!"

Her uncle was unprepared for this onslaught and looked at his wife, but I could control her. She kept her mouth shut and looked away from him. Stymied, he stood and stomped out of the dining room. Maddy's aunt consoled her and said quietly, as if in explanation, that her husband was worried about the cost of a wedding; they really didn't have the money.

When Maddy went to clean her face, I took her aunt aside. Pulling out my checkbook, I quickly wrote out a check for $20,000 and handed it to her. She looked aghast as she held it, as I told her, "Here, take this. Tell him you've been saving five bucks a week since she came to live with you."

"He'll never believe me.", she said slowly.

{Take it!}, I commanded.

And so we were married, in August, in a very pleasant ceremony and a definite bash, one that I had paid for and that Maddy never knew about. We took a two week Caribbean cruise just before classes started up again, and I had a first lesson in why the cabin was priced cheaply - it was the start of hurricane season. While Maddy doesn't get seasick, I do. I spent most of the trip with a scopolamine patch under my arm!

Otherwise the trip was marvelous. Maddy took immediately to my suggestion of a no undie trip. The only bra and panties she took were an amazingly skimpy bikini. She managed to take even this off whenever we were alone, and her only other non-clothing clothing was her trousseau, a pair of nightgowns, one long and transparent, the other short and transparent. I didn't mind a bit!

She loved shocking some of the older passengers with her attire. Once at the pool, where she was sunning herself with her top undone, she overheard a pair of old biddies remarking on her scandalous behavior. Retying her top, she stood and slipped on her high heeled sandals. Taking my hand, she turned to them, and in the sweetest voice, said to them, "We need to go back to our room now. Paul hasn't fucked me since before lunch!" She tugged me by the hand and said, "Come along, dear!" Then she turned back to the biddies, now shocked into silence, and finished off. "He's got a nine inch cock, you know." I think I was as astonished as they were, and could only manage a shrugging smile. As soon as we got back to the cabin, Maddy stripped herself and me, and we sixty-nined right until dinner.

So that's the story of me and The Power. Who knows what will happen in the future?
Your opinion is important:
Share with the others what you think about
"The Power"
     
Switch to Expanded voting form
The End
Posted: 2001-11-07
Last Modified: 2008-02-27 / 07:56:13 pm
Version: 1.10
Home - Top   Feedback to author
