The Looking Glass Ch. 03
bybob03567©

I would like to thank Chasp for editing this story for me.

All characters are 18 years or older.

---------------------------------------

The Sun broke and Lisa lay on her bed confused while her pussy and ass still tingled from the pounding her son had given her the previous night. Her body had betrayed her as her unknowing desires for her son emerged.

Quickly, Lisa rose and went into her master bath and jumped into the shower feeling maybe it might wash away the unthinkable sins she'd committed with her only child. But alas, her pussy still yearned for her young stud and the wicked visions of fucking him became overwhelming. Before Lisa knew what she was doing, her naked wet body stood in front of his door while her head slowly peered inside. Her pussy tingled with excitement as her eyes focused on her young man sleeping carelessly as she stealthy advanced inside before the last of her willpower made her realize how wrong it was, and backed away before Ryan could see her.

However, Ryan was aware of his mother's presence and her slow invasion into his room. Through slit eyes, he drank in her naked flesh as she looked unsure as to what she was doing.

Ryan's dick quickly hardened in anticipation to his mother's arrival, and he almost leapt up, but when he saw her turn around and walk out of his room, he decided to lie motionless as if he was still asleep.

I almost have her now, he thought as his bedroom door quietly closed.

Lisa rushed back to her room and covered the looking glass with a towel as she hastily dressed for the day. Thankfully, it was almost the end of the week and in her uncertain frame of mind, she tried to focus on fighting off her demons as her fingers quickly dialed Liz's number.

Liz was in bed when the phone rang and was greeted to Lisa's whimpering pleas for help as she told how she caved to her sexual desires in front of the mirror with her son.

Liz listened as Lisa went on explaining in great detail how her wicked night of incest unfolded, and it began to unconsciously excite her. Her pussy became extremely moist as Lisa vividly told how her son was also able to see the incestuous reflections.

Liz's fingers strolled down her naked body and began to tickle her clit when Lisa explained the images they saw were of them engaging in sex on her bedroom floor.

It wasn't long before three fingers were snuggled deep inside her hot pussy as Lisa detailed how her son had seduced her and had taken her from behind, causing the most intense orgasm she had ever felt.

Liz, bit her lip while holding her breath as her own climax hit from imagining Lisa and her son wildly fucking. There was a long pause before Liz caught her breath and spoke.

"I'm sure we'll be able to get your control back and explain to your son how wrong it was. It's imperative we act on this quickly before any more damage is done, and meet again as soon as possible."

"Oh God, Liz! Yes! Please! Whatever it will take. I almost went to him this morning. I wanted to feel him inside me again. To feel him take me over and over. To feel that ultimate climax rock my body."

"Please, Lisa, control yourself. I have another case to see today, but I'll see you and your son as soon as I can."

"Thank you. Thank you," Lisa said as she hung up the phone.

Now I only have to control myself until I meet Liz, she thought.

What the mothers weren't aware of was that after Ryan had taken his mother, he'd called Kevin and told him how he once again encouraged his mother into incest. Ryan also thought of a way Kevin would be able to get up his own mother's skirt.

Lisa went about her daily chores as her son ambled down the stairs. She wasn't sure what to expect from Ryan and was puzzled when he acted as if nothing had happened the night before, greeting her with "Good morning, mom," giving her cheek a simple kiss.

Lisa found the nerve to confront him and quickly spoke as Ryan was beginning to turn and walk away from her.

"Ryan... I think we need to discuss last night. I think we both got carried away with our own passions and... Well you know."

"What are you saying, mom? It was wrong for us to express how we truly felt about each other? I can't accept that. I felt how much you wanted me."

"Yes... Yes, I know how we both felt last night. Even so, it's not right. It's not acceptable. It's... It's perverted."

Ryan walked back to his mother and took hold of her firm ass, pulling it tight against his body.

"So you think this is wrong. You think we shouldn't be doing this," Ryan said as he ground his meat into his mother slit.

Lisa struggled and tried to break free as her young man's cock grew stiff against her flesh.

"Yeah... Oh... Yes. It's sooo wrong." Lisa's voice labored as her crevice grew moist.

Lisa scuffled and wiggled around as her muff danced against his growing appendage and felt him press his lips tightly to hers, which drew light whimpers from her, until she finally opened her mouth and accepted his probing tongue.



Her fighting became less resistant, and as they kissed her hips pushed forward, making more of her son's stiff pole slide against her sex and intensifying her building excitement.

Once again, she felt her sinful desire to feel his warm cock buried deep inside her wet pussy, and slowly her shaking hand traveled down to his prize.

She was just about to set his monster free when Ryan pushed her away leaving her stunned as he remarked "See, mom? You want me. You just have to come to terms with it yourself. I'm going to go to the gym for a bit. I told Kevin to meet me there today," and walked away, leaving her standing there excited and breathing heavy.

Lisa caught her breath and quickly informed Ryan about Liz coming back for another session before he bolted out the door.

Ryan concealed his smirk, knowing it would only be a matter of time before he would have her unconditionally and, with some luck, have her therapist and son involved in some incest of their own.

Ryan had lied about meeting Kevin at the gym. His real intention was to drive to his house and set the stage for their upcoming adventures.

I hope Kevin is doing his part, he thought as he drove down the road.

*******************

Liz was in her kitchen when her son asked to speak with her, so they both sat down for a chat.

"Mom, Ryan called me and told me some disturbing news involving him and his mother. He said he had sex with her, and I'm having conflicted feelings about that."

"I'm puzzled that he told you about their situation. However, if it helps, it's not uncommon for that to happen. It's been well documented, and I'm sure I'll be able to help them resolve this dilemma."

"But Mom... He mentioned it was the mirror."

"Yes. I'm aware of the looking glass, and I'm sorry, Kevin, but I can't talk anymore about this. I have to keep it confidential since Lisa's a client."

"So if it's so common for moms to have sexual desires for their sons, have you ever thought about... You know... Me?" Kevin asked this as he watched his mother squirm in her chair.

Liz wasn't sure how to answer her son's question at first but knew if she kept it professional he'd be able to handle her answer.

"Yes it has crossed my mind on occasion, and like I said, it's not uncommon for it to happen. I think most mothers have a very close bond with her sons, but sometimes we have trouble separating our sexual desires with the deep love we feel for our man children."

"Oh..." Kevin replied as his head lowered.

"So is that what you needed to know?"

"I guess so. It's just... I also have those sexual feelings."

"About me?"

"Yes," Ryan answered.

"Oh...," Liz said. His words shocked her at first, but she regained her composure and continued. "Well... There's nothing wrong with that Kevin. Similar to mothers, sons also experience a close bond. It begins back to when they nursed on her bosom."

"I don't think that's it, mom. I don't vision breastfeeding on you. I picture us." Liz quickly cut her son off and said "I know what you meant."

"So how did you picture me, mom?"

This was getting very uncomfortable for Liz as she felt her talk wasn't heading in a good direction.

"Kevin, I know you're curious now about this. However, now isn't the best time for us to be having this discussion. Maybe it would be a good idea if you sat in with me on one of my sessions with Ryan and Lisa. But I'll have to ask if it's alright, first."

"Okay, mom." Kevin agreed to this as he excused himself and went into the living room leaving Liz alone with her thoughts.

As she washed the dishes, her mind wandered back to their conversation and how Kevin had pictured them together. She was now aware that her son had hidden desires for her, and felt her pussy twinge as she imagined their bodies embracing romantically.

Get a hold of yourself Liz, she thought, and chalked her sexual response to not being next to a man's warmth in such a long time.

However, instead of leaving her mind, the romantic encounter only intensified until she was making love to her son in her psyche and her pussy oozed its sweet juices as her fantasy unfolded. She was just about to sneak her fingers under her skirt to relieve the incestuous desire when the door bell rang, pulling her out of her sex dream. She heard Kevin talking to someone and went to investigate.

Liz was surprised when she saw it was Ryan and inquiringly asked why he was there.

"I'm sorry, but I needed to see you. Something happened last night. Something I can't explain."

Liz showed Ryan into another room to talk in private.

"I'm aware of what happened between you and your mother last night. She already called me this morning and explained what you did. I've scheduled another session for this evening in the hopes of helping both of you."

"I don't think you can help. That's why I'm here. It's mom's looking glass. Somehow it can show you things. Things that don't exist. I can't believe how that is possible."

"I can assure you it's not that, and we will discuss this further in our meeting later. However, while you're here, I would like to ask if you would mind if Kevin joins in our session. He told me how you called him, and he's been asking me a lot of uncomfortable questions that I think can be answered if he can see what you and your mother are going through."

"I don't have a problem with it. But I can't speak for mom. And I don't think you are yet grasping what I'm telling you about the mirror."

"We'll see at our session. Now please excuse me. I have another client I must get ready to meet before I visit your house," Liz said as she walked Ryan to the door.

"I'll call your mother and see if she is willing to have Kevin there before I come by. If she has no objection, I'll bring my son along. Good bye, for now," Liz said as she closed the door and got herself ready.

Liz had her meeting with her other client and found it odd that it was another bazaar case of incest. This one revolved around supernatural abilities and didn't end well, as the son became defiant and they left her office in a huff when he didn't like her rational reason for their sex.

However, his earlier tale of spiritual manipulation had sparked Liz's own lust, and as he told how the specter undressed his mom and stroked his cock in front of her, they both felt the deep need to feel each other's body.

Liz's pussy was once again on fire, but knew she would have to wait until after she called Lisa so that she could relieve the built-up sexual tensions she was experiencing at the moment.

When she did talk to Lisa later that day, she mentioned how her son was having similar issues and thought inviting him into the session would help him with his own mixed-up desires.

Lisa felt uncomfortable with the idea but agreed to it.

***********************

Ryan was in his room eagerly waiting for their guests to arrive when he heard them knock at the front door and sprang from his bed to greet them.

Liz and Kevin stepped inside as Lisa thanked them for coming. They all sat down in the living room, and Lisa began to shyly talk about what had transpired the previous night and watched as Liz and Kevin began to squirm in their seats.

Ryan sat quietly as his eyes traced over the women's bodies. His mother had changed for the session and had on a nice red slip over dress that plunged low in the front and was held on by two thin straps over her shoulders. Liz, on the other hand, had worn a professional white buttoned-down blouse and a black skirt that zipped from the side. His eyes focused on how his mother's talk was affecting their guests and boldly decided to help her in describing their incestuous act by adding how she screamed in pleasure as his cock rammed fast in and out of her womb.

Liz tightened her crossed legs as her sexual urges flourished and couldn't help but notice how the incest talk had also affected her own son as she glanced at the obvious bulge in his pants.

I've got them now, Ryan thought as he again stressed how it was the looking glass that gave him the wicked idea of taking his mother's ass for the first time.

Liz struggled with her hornyness and described to Ryan and Lisa how it could have been their own desires reflecting back at them.

"Well that's easy to test," Ryan said and stood up. "We only have to go upstairs and see if the images reappear or not.

"No... Ryan that's not a good idea," Lisa said. Even so, Liz had to agree with Ryan and with some resistance from Lisa, they went upstairs to her bedroom.

Lisa felt her stomach churn as Ryan walked up to the mirror and removed the towel that covered it and insisted the room stay dark as he motioned Liz and Kevin to sit on the bed while he moved his mother in front of the looking glass.

He once again stood behind his mother's body and put his arms on her shoulders.

"We were just like this then it happened," Ryan told Liz and Kevin. Slowly he began to rub his hands softly across his mom's shoulder blades.

Minutes went by, and nothing happened. Ryan couldn't understand it himself. But then he noticed his mother's eyes were shut and decided to pretend to see a vision.

"Oh... there they go. I can see them now," Ryan said as he watched his mother squish her eyelids tighter.

"Who are you seeing?" Liz asked, as she strained to see the looking glass.

"You don't see them?" Ryan questioned and lightly moved his mother to the side.

"Here, stand next to us. Maybe you need to be in front of it," Ryan said as Liz slowly stood next to them.

Again, Ryan went on pretending about a young mother and son and told how they were hugging and kissing. He could see Liz intently looking at the mirror and made another bold suggestion.

"Maybe Kevin should be behind you, like my mom is to me," and before Liz could say anything she felt her son's hands gliding lightly across her shoulder blades.

"That's it. It should work now," Ryan said as he increased his rubbing on his mom's blades while he pressed his groin against her backside.

Lisa felt his manhood, and fought the urge to look at the mirror. Her brain wanted to see the incest couple as her body heightened with sexual pleasure.

Liz, too, was becoming extremely horny as she watched the reflection of her son rubbing on her shoulders, and then she felt something brush against her ass. She wasn't sure at first, but then it happened again. And then again. Finally she realized it was her son's stiff member bumping against her bottom, causing her pussy to twitch.

Ryan could hear his mother's breath became heavy and kissed the nap of her neck, causing a low moan to escape from her lips. His thumbs hooked under the straps that held her dress in place and eased them off her shoulders.

Lisa couldn't stand the building excitement and begged him to stop.

"You want this, mom. I know you do. So does Liz," Ryan whispered and slowly drew her dress up and off her slinky body.

Liz was awed as Ryan leisurely seduced his mother. Her professional side was screaming to put an end to this, but her pent-up sexual side wanted more. Her son's cock was now glued tightly to her ass. Her heart raced and her blood boiled as her sexual needs took over.

"Please, Ryan... Please. Oh... God," Lisa moaned softly as her son's hands found her breasts and massaged them until her nipples poked hard into her bra. He unclasped it, and watched it fall to their feet exposing his mother's naked bosom to the mirror.

"Open your eyes mom. Open them!" Ryan ordered, as he pulled and twisted her nipples.

Lisa quickly opened her eyes and stared into the glass and gasped loudly as the image of the boys toying with their mothers reflected back. Her pussy went wet as she watched Kevin undo his mother's zipper and remove her skirt. Her top was still buttoned, but Kevin wasted no time in undoing a few, and slipped his right hand inside.

"Liz... Liz... what are we do. ing... Oh, ahhhh," Lisa said as her son found her clit once more, and waves of pleasure soaked her body.

Liz was in a world of her own as Kevin manipulated her globes, and without thinking, reached back and squeezed his hard dick with her hand.

"Oh... Yeah, mom. I've been hoping for this," Kevin groaned as he eased his left hand down to her panties and wiggled his fingers under them searching for her womanly surprise.

Liz gasped as her son's finger touched her pussy lips for the first time. She was on fire and there was no turning back. Her desire to feel the pleasure of a man was too great.

As Lisa gazed upon the mirror, it began to change. Her fear was unfolding as the strange incest images once again appeared.

"Oh... They're back!" she cried out, drawing everyone's attention to the mirror.

Liz couldn't believe her eyes as the strangers appeared to her also, engaged in sexual acts of incest. Her pussy dripped as the oblivious strange mother and son ravaged their bodies in wicked raw passion. Liz felt a finger sink inside her hot hole. Her own hand had eased Kevin's zipper down and released his stiff pole for her to stroke.

Kevin worked on his mother's remaining buttons with his right hand, and finally the blouse was free. Gingerly, he reached with both hands and removed the garment from her body. As his mother gazed into the glass, he hastily tugged her panties and his pants to the floor.

His bare stiff cock now rubbed against her ass cheeks as his hands pushed under her brassiere and rubbed her bubbly breasts.

"Oh... Kevin," Liz moaned as she felt her pussy juices flow down her leg, her mind going mad with lust.

Ryan didn't waste any time himself as his mom, who had forgotten about his presence as she was watching the couple in the mirror with rapt attention. Ryan had removed all of his mom's clothes along with his own, and was now centering his stiff pole at her tight little asshole once again.

As before, he told her to brace herself and Lisa took hold of the mirror as Ryan pushed hard sending his massive meat deep inside her bunghole. Lisa screamed as she forgot her asshole could accommodate his girth

"Fuck me, mom! Push back! Fuck your son!" Ryan commanded as he rammed his dick deeper.

Liz stopped stroking her boy's dick and grasped it firmly as she leaned over and guided it to her wet wanting slit. She felt his mushroom tip touch her opening, and she pushed back sending another wave of pleasure through her body as his cockhead penetrated her for the first time.

Her breath was stolen away momentarily, as more and more of her young son's wonderful cock filled her flaming cunt and she screamed, "Oh Christ! Yes, Kevin. Oh Fuck. Yes!" as she climaxed hard. Her pussy quivered and her body shook. She could feel her son holding her weak body as she climaxed again.

"Oh my God!!!" Liz screamed once more as her breath raced and felt her son slowly fucking her sopping slit. His hard dick reached deeper inside her drenched snatch and intensified her following orgasm.


Lisa also couldn't hold her own climax back as her son fucked her ass madly and she continued to scream, no longer in pain but rather in pleasure, while her pussy yearned for its turn.

"Please, Ryan. Fuck mommy's pussy. I need to feel your cock inside me!"

"Yeah... That's it, mom. Beg me for it. Tell me you want my dick," Ryan said as he rammed even harder into her asshole.

"Please honey. I want to cum! I want to cum on your cock!"

Ryan pulled his mother back holding his dick firmly inside her tight ass while he feverishly fingered her clit.

"How's this mom. Will this make you cum?" he asked as he heard her moan, and felt her juices flowing out of her pussy.

Lisa gasped for air as her orgasm rocked her body. She felt her legs collapse, and Ryan held her body to his as he laid her on the bed facing him.

Without taking a break, he spread her legs wide, and nibbled on her sensitive clit. Within seconds, Lisa was screaming again in pleasure as her son sucked her sweet nectar out of her.

Liz was lost in her incestuous lust as she climaxed more times, then she could count. Her body had never felt such overwhelming pleasure as another orgasm sent her back into heaven. Her young stud thoroughly fucked her, and she never wanted it to end.

Kevin felt his balls ache as his seed finally reached his crown. He wanted so badly to cum inside her sweet womb and loudly expressed this impending release.

Liz quickly spun around and knelt before her young hunk and engulfed his throbbing rod down her throat. She could feel his seed traveling up his shaft as gushes of hot semen flooded her throat.

"Oh... Fuck. Mom. Holy shit!" Kevin groaned as his mother's mouth sucked away on his pumping pecker. His body trembled as his mother's hidden talent was revealed to him.

"Mom... Holy fuck! You can really suck dick!" he cried out in joy, as the last of his cream dripped down her throat.

Without disturbing her patients as they readied for another round of wild sex, Liz whispered to her son to get dressed, and they slipped away leaving Ryan and Lisa to their sinful desires.

Ryan pulled his mother's legs up onto his shoulders as he stood by the bedside and slid her towards his steel pole.

"Is this what you want, mom?" Ryan asked, as he rested his meat against her soft pussy.

"Yes! Please give it to me," Lisa said as she pushed her hips sending his cockhead slightly inside her.

"Yeah... Fuck yeah... You're so fucking hot, mom," Ryan said as he sank his member deep inside her hot snatch causing Lisa to squeal and thrash around. He fucked her fast and hard as he held her thighs tight to his chest.

"Oh God, I'm cumming again!" Lisa said as Ryan felt her pussy tighten firmly on his shaft.

"I'm not finished with you yet, mom. Your pussy is mine!" Ryan expressed as he fucked his mother without end. Her poor pussy was sore even as she felt another orgasm rip through her body.

Ryan finally needed to cum and slipped his dick out of his mother's wet love hole and went up to her mouth. Without saying a word, he just tapped it on her lips, and she sucked it inside.

"Oh... Yeah... That's it mom. Suck your son. Make me cum. Take me down your mouth," he said as Lisa reached up and toyed with his nuts.

Ryan couldn't hold back any longer and grasped his mother's hair as his cum raced out of his dick, and jetted deep down her throat. He could hear his mother gag as his cock pumped his hot sperm.

Ryan pulled out and watched his mother swallow his seed as his tired body crashed next to her and noticed that they were alone, and the mirror had gone back to normal.

"Well," Ryan said. "I hope you didn't pay a lot for that session."

"I have a feeling Liz is not going to charge me for this one," Lisa chuckled, as they both snuggled and fell asleep.

*****************************

Liz opened her eyes and turned to see her young man lying next to her side in her bed, and thought back to the previous night, and what she had done with her son.

Her professional values had been pushed aside as she let her sexual beast flourish and take control of her soul. Her stomach churned as she lay there, replaying in her psyche how they'd returned home and had wicked sex the rest of that evening and into the early morning hours of the next day, when they passed out from total exhaustion.

Quietly, Liz eased her naked body out of bed and went into the bathroom. As she gazed upon her own reflection in the vanity, her mind raced with thoughts and images. She was totally confused over what had appeared in the looking glass and couldn't comprehend how it was possible. It had to be a case of group hysteria, and the buildup of her own sexual needs brought it out.

However, now she was faced with dealing with her son over her lack of self-control and hoped he would understand how wrong it was. She knew they both would have to deal with this matter just like her patients or she'd find herself being labeled a hypocrite.

Liz dressed, letting her son sleep, made her way to the kitchen when the phone rang. She answered it and heard a hysterical woman on the other end. It was the other mother who was dealing with her incest desires, and she told Liz how she couldn't control herself, having had ravaging sex with her son. And again this morning as she tried to regain her self-control, her body still yearned for his. She was afraid her incestuous desires were consuming her and would soon be back in his bed.

Liz calmed the woman down as best she could and said she'd order a prescription to help her suppress her sexual needs until she could next meet with her.

Liz thought how this would give her an opportunity to handle her own problem and suggested to the mother about having a group session, but didn't explain to her patient who else was going to be with her as part of the session.

Liz hung up the phone and phoned in the scrip, but as she was talking to the pharmacists, she felt a pair of hands slip around her waist.

Her son had woken and was pulling her back against his obvious morning wood.

Liz quickly finished her call and spun around, grasping both of Kevin's arms.

"Listen honey. I'm sorry for what happened last night. I should have had more self-control over my actions, but I let it go too far," she said as she watched her son's face sink in sorrow.

"So, that's it mom. It was a mistake. Is that what you're telling me?"

"Yes... I mean no. It wasn't a mistake. It was... It was me being weak and giving into my sexual desires. I'm so sorry, honey. I hope we can work through this. I want us to attend another group session. This time with a different family."

"But mom. I don't want help. I want you," Kevin said as he moved closer to his mother.

Liz backed away and held her distance. "Kevin, I'm sorry but it isn't going to happen again. Please try to understand."

Kevin pouted, but sullenly agreed to accompany her to the new session. He slowly turned and walked away leaving Liz feel ashamed and miserable.

"I promise I'll make it up to you honey. This is for our own good," Liz said as she watched her son disappear inside his room.

God, I hope I can keep that promise, she thought to herself.

Little did she know what was in store for her.


The Looking Glass Ch. 04
bybob03567©

I would like to thank Chasp for editing this story for me.

All characters are 18 years or older.

---------------------------------------

Ryan lay next to his mother's naked body and thought back to how only days earlier she fought with her inner sexual desires for him. With the help of her psychiatrist's son and the looking glass, though, he finally was able to coax her into accepting him as her lover.

Ryan fell asleep holding his mother's body tight to his and dreamt of the previous night when he and Kevin, the 'psychiatrist's son', had seduced their mothers. However, the dream quickly changed into something totally different and bazaar.

He dreamt seeing Liz and Kevin as they sat in her office discussing with a different mother and son the topic of incest, and heard Liz explain how she succumbed to sex with her son in front of a looking glass. In his dream state, he noted that the other mother became very interested in the mirror.

As he dreamt, he watched as Liz hypnotized the female patient and afterwards the patient acted as if she was a different person. Her personality changed from being meek to one with self-assurance. But as Liz tried to reason with this new identity, she pushed Liz backwards and buried her head under Liz's skirt.

Ryan could feel his own excitement grow as Liz moaned and bucked to the probing that was happening between her legs, and it wasn't long before he could see her cumming as both boys stood next to them.

Then something weird happened. The female patient acted as if she had fainted, and Liz pushed her away letting her motionless body slip to the floor.

Liz now seemed to have changed, and became sexually aggressive as she undid her son's trousers and inhaled his member.

Ryan watched as Liz went from sucking her offspring to fucking him in record time, and his dick began to drip precum when she added the son of the patient into her little sex romp and slipped his dick inside her mouth.

Ryan went stiff when the sleeping woman stirred and Liz quickly included her before she could become aware of what she was doing, and had her bobbing away on her own child's cock.

As the intense group incest played on and they all fucked wildly in Liz's office, he heard the old man's voice suddenly ring out.

It's almost time Ryan... Remember your promise.

Ryan quickly woke and sat up. His body was covered with sweat, and he could feel his ragging cock seconds away from cumming. His mother's naked body still lay next to him.

He couldn't control his mind as it replayed the wicked dream until he couldn't control his lust and eased his mother onto her back while spreading her legs. Without caring that she was sleeping, he latched his mouth firmly onto her sweet pussy as she began to twitch and moan in her sleep until she finally awoke to his tongue bringing her to an orgasm.

"Ryan... What are you doing? Honey... It's late... We need some. Oh God!" she said as he stimulated her little bud and caused her to climax, covering his face with her juices.

Ryan wasted no time and crawled up his mother until his dick was snug against her wet mound.

"Ryan... What's gotten into you?" Lisa queried as her son pushed his cock deep into her love nest.

Ryan's mind kept thinking back to his dream and how the patient made Liz cum on her tongue many times. His dick rammed hard and fast inside his mother as the vision of Liz having sex with both boys popped into his psyche.

"Oh... Oh... Oh God I'm cumming!!!" Lisa shouted as her toes curled and her ass lifted off the bed.

"Oh! Fuck, mom. I'm close. Oh... Shit! Here it comes!!!" Ryan grunted as his seed filled her drenched cunt, and he fucked his way through his climax until he crashed on top of her chest.

As Ryan lay there listening to his mother's heart pound he heard her ask "What brought that on?"

Ryan rolled off his mom and told her of his wicked sex dream but left out what the old man had told him.

Lisa just chuckled and said he had a very wicked imagination and suggested they should get back to sleep.

Ryan called Kevin the next morning and told him about the dream. Ryan was amazed when he found out it really happened. Kevin explained how the mother, Trish, left with her son afterwards and he hadn't seen them since. However, his mom had seemed different since that day.

"Kevin, I think that ghost might be in your mom now," Ryan said. "Maybe there's some kind of a connection here."

Ryan told of how he had obtained the mirror. He wouldn't have believed in spirits himself if he hadn't met that old man and seen what the mirror could do.

"I made the old guy a promise, but before I woke from my dream, I heard him remind me of it. I think we have to get our mothers together again," Ryan told Kevin.

"You might be right."

The boys devised another plan, but it would have to wait until later that week. Ryan's aunt was coming for a visit, and unfortunately, he would have to act like the good son he used to be in her presence.

Ryan's Aunt Rita was his father's younger sister and lived two states away from them. The last time he saw her was at his dad's funeral.

Ryan always had a crush on his aunt. Her slender figure and b size breasts were regularly a big turn-on for him. Many times he would lie in bed and masturbate to a fantasy of her sucking his dick while he held her long jet-black hair in his hands until he blew down her throat.

It also didn't help that she was such a big flirt.

He couldn't wait to see her again and found himself wishing the mirror might work its magic on her. However, his mom already thought something like that might happen and had him move it up into the attic until she left.

As Lisa and Ryan finished making the house ready for her visit, there was a rap on the front door. Sure enough, it was his sexy Aunt Rita.

"Give your aunty a hug," she said as she opened her arms wide and stepped inside the house.

Ryan reached around his aunt, and she pulled him to her bosom as she squeezed him tight.

Ryan loved how her breasts mashed against his chest, and he could feel his member stiffen. He wanted so badly to reach down and grab her tush and pull his groin to her mound. However, self restrain was in order and he eased his body away from her.

"Boy, if I wasn't your aunt, young man," Rita said. Ryan's mind answered her with Don't let that stop you. We could be fucking our brains out in less than a minute.

Lisa stepped in front of her son and gave her ex-sister in-law a quick hug and peck, which flashed another wicked picture in Ryan's twisted mind. He could see his mother and aunt embracing tightly, locking their mouths together as their hands slipped down and rubbed each other's ass. His manhood was at full attention now, and he excused himself as the women moved to the living room, still talking.

Holly shit... She's here for only a minute, and I'm already thinking about bonking her, he thought, as he went to his room to clear his head.

That evening after dinner they all sat in the living room and chatted about what had happened in their lives since Ryan's dad passed away. Lisa, of course, left out everything about her sexual encounters with her offspring but did tell how he now had a good job at the gym.

Rita smiled and squeezed her waist and said. "Maybe you can give me a couple of pointers on how to firm this area up."

"I don't see anything that needs changing," Ryan brazenly said.

"Oh... I swear Lisa. You have a real charmer there," Rita replied and gave Ryan a sly smile.

Lisa started to get a little uncomfortable as Ryan and Rita playfully flirted in her presence and suggested they retire for the night.

Ryan agreed and gave his mom a quick peck before saying goodnight. Even so, before he could leave, his aunt loudly said "Hey, where's my kiss?"

With that, Ryan walked over to his aunty and leaned down to give her a kiss, but instead of a quick peck, he planted a firm kiss right on her lips.

"Goodnight, Aunt Rita," he said, as he saw the shocked expression that lingered on her face.

"Good... Goodnight Ryan," she said as he walked out of the room.

That night Ryan had a tough time sleeping. His sexy aunt and her flirt-talk had filled his mind with wicked thoughts of sex, and if it wasn't for the fact she was sleeping in his mother's room, he would have slipped inside and given his mom a good hard fuck. Alas, he had to settle for his hand and masturbated once more to the fantasy of his aunt inhaling his dick down her throat. But as he worked faster on his shaft bringing him close to cumming, his mother entered his fantasy and the vision went from his aunt sucking his pole to his mom between her legs while Rita continued to blow him.

"Oh fuck... Oh fuck!!!" he loudly whispered, as his sperm splattered all over his body.

Quietly, Ryan cleaned himself up and slipped back into bed. However, his self-pleasure didn't ease the unthinkable lewd acts from tormenting him the entire night.

The following day was no better. He dressed and walked into the kitchen and saw his mom sitting at the table chatting with his aunt who hadn't changed out of her sleepwear yet. Aunt Rita was wearing a flimsy black satin teddy, the front of which dipped low, allowing half her bubble breasts to peek out. He could see her nipples poking into the material and again Ryan could feel his dick turn stiff as she said good morning and sipped her tea.

Lisa handed a hot cup of coffee to him, and gave him peck on the cheek.

"I have to run before I'm late," Lisa said as she grabbed her purse and headed out the back door.

Ryan sat in the chair next to his aunt and tried not to stare at her melons.

"What're your plans for the day, Ryan?" Rita inquired as she continued to sip her tea.

"I wish I could take the day off and hang with you aunty, but I don't have any vacation time left."

"Oh... It's okay, dear. I'm sure I can control myself until I see you again."

Ryan stood up and replied "I'm not sure if I can," and leaned in for another kiss square on her lips. As he backed away he saw that same shocked expression fill her face, which caused him to smile as he turned toward the back door to leave.

Rita quickly spoke before her nephew left the room. "Ryan, I don't think giving your aunty a kiss like that is the proper thing to do."

Ryan stopped suddenly, turned around and boldly said "I'm sorry, aunty. It's just that you're so hot I have trouble controlling my actions."

"Umm... Well... Um I... I'm afraid you're going to have to restrain yourself," Rita stumbled to say.

"I promise I'll try," Ryan replied as he walked out the door and headed to work.

While at work, Ryan's mother called and said she would be late coming home. There was a crunch at the office, and she'd promised her boss that she'd have her task completed before she left for the day. She suggested he take Rita out for a nice meal since there was no way for her to estimate when she would be getting home that evening.

Ryan couldn't wait for his shift to end. He was looking forward to continuing with the flirting he and his aunt had started, and hoped maybe he could get her interested in taking it further.

Ryan rushed straight home and found his aunt sitting in the living room looking through the family photo album.

"Hey, did mom call you?"

"Hmm? Oh yes. She told me she would be late," Rita said, her face filled with grief as she looked at the album.

Ryan sat on the couch next to her and said "I miss him also."

Rita put her head on his shoulder as she continued to flip through the book and began to tell him stories of her and his father when they were his age.

"You know, Ryan? You remind me a lot of him."

"How so?"

"Well, we used to tease each other, like you and I do now."

She would flirt with her brother? he thought, and then wondered if more might have happened between them.

Ryan felt his dick grow as he thought of a wicked idea.

"You know, mom has more pictures up in the attic. I bet if we looked around we could find them."

Rita set the album on the coffee table and said "Well, lead the way, handsome."

Ryan showed his aunt to the attic and pulled the chain on the hanging light bulb. He noticed that his mother had covered the mirror with a white sheet. While he acted as if he was looking for the pictures, when he got close to the looking glass he pulled the sheet from it and called his aunt's attention to the object and said "Hey, have you ever seen one of these?"

Rita walked closer and couldn't help but admire how beautiful the mirror appeared.

"It's pretty. Why is it up here?"

"Mom thought it might be a good idea to keep it here until you left."

"Why?"

"The truth is, aunty, it's not an ordinary mirror. It's magical."

Rita chuckled at his comment and gave him a shove as she felt he was pulling her leg.

"Magical...," she snickered.

"No... I'm serious. Stand in front of it and look at your reflection. Then you'll see what I mean."

Rita did as her nephew instructed and gazed at herself in the glass while Ryan stood behind her and waited.

But nothing presented itself, which baffled Ryan.

What the hell... he thought, as Rita finally turned away.

"Okay, enough of this game. Let's find the photos," she suggested as she began to wander around looking through the scattered boxes again.

Ryan was frustrated but proceeded to help his aunt look for the pictures, but after going through many of the boxes and not coming up with any photos, Ryan asked more about how she and his father would tease each other.

Rita stopped looking and stood up, and Ryan could tell she was wistfully thinking back in time, when he glanced in the direction of the mirror. It was slowly fogging. As Rita thought about the past, the mirror had begun to project images once again. Ryan walked over to his aunt and faced her towards the mirror.

"It's happening," he said as two people began to come into focus.

Ryan and Rita watched as the fogginess clear, and they saw a younger image of herself and of her brother. They both appeared to be in their early 20s, and it was obvious his aunt wasn't fibbing about their flirting. Ryan heard his aunt make sexual innuendoes towards dad, and he did the same back. However, the flirting turned into a game of wrestling, and they watched as the reflection of his dad pinned his sister to the floor while they both laughed and squirmed around.

"How... How is this possible?" Rita asked as she stood there amazed at the reflection.

Ryan didn't answer as he felt mixed emotions as what was being shown before his eyes. He found himself getting both excited and hurt by what the looking glass reflected. He did, in fact, miss his dad. As his father's body lay across his sister, he noticed his groin grind against her mound.

"Oh... you're a naughty brother today. Do you need sis to help you with that?" Rita's reflection asked.

"Oh, no! Make it stop ,Ryan. Please!!!" Rita implored as her reflection slipped its hand down between her brother's legs.

"Oh... yeah, sis... Oh... pull it out," they heard her brother say.

Ryan's dick was as hard as a nail as the image of sibling love unfolded before him. He moved closer to his aunt until he was standing right behind her. He could hear her breath race as she was mesmerized by the vision.

Ryan put his hands on her shoulders and whispered "I'm a naughty boy too."

"This can't be real... How... can the mirror show what happened?"

"Shhh... It's okay, aunty. Your secret's safe with me," Ryan said as he eased his pants down and slowly guided her hand to his stiff member.

Ryan watched as the reflection of his aunt stroking his father's dick intensified. With her hand in reality, she slowly toyed with his cock, and he groaned "Oh... Fuck. Aunt Rita. You're good at this."

Neither could turn away from the mirror as his dad worked his sister's pants free along with her panties, and Ryan gasped when her dark thick bush came into view.

Ryan watched the reflection of his dad slither slowly down his sister's body and nestled his nose between her legs. They listened to the young Rita moan in contentment as he sucked on her muff. This stirred Ryan to reach around his aunt's body and he eased his hand inside her panties until he found her moist slit and said, "Wow, aunty, you're wet," as he parted her folds with his finger.

Rita involuntarily moaned and pushed towards the invading finger as it slipped deeper inside her warm pussy and pleaded "Oh... Ryan, we shouldn't. It's not right for us to... Oh!"

"Shhhh... Just watch the mirror," he said as he worked another digit inside her wet snatch.

Rita was twitching her hips as her palm stoked on her nephew's tool, while her lust built, and she knew it wouldn't be long before she couldn't stop herself. The reflection finally revealed her darkest secret.

They watched as her brother rose up from her muff and lined his manhood at her entrance, and the words she spoke all those years ago were heard once more "Fuck me, brother. Fuck your sister," and saw him penetrate her for the first time.

"Oh... Fuck, sis. You're so fucking tight," they heard her brother say as all of his girth sank deep inside her cunt.

"No... No... Ryan... We have to!!!"

"We have to what, aunty?... Fuck?" Ryan asked as he eased her pants to the floor.

He received no resistance as her panties puddled next to her pants at her feet and felt her pull his dick towards her.

Rita was lost as her body yearned for the feel of a man between her legs once again. The images of her brother fucking her wildly sent her over the edge. She could feel herself moving back against her nephew until his warm cock brushed her ass.

As she heard her reflection screaming for her brother to make her cum, she softly worded "Fuck me, Ryan. Fuck your aunt."

Ryan moved his pole between her legs as she bent slightly forward while her hand grasped his shaft and guided it to her love hole.

Her wet pussy touched the tip of his head and felt Ryan nudged forward parting her lips and slowly easing his bulb inside.

"Ohhh!!!" His aunt said as another inch eased inside her. She finally had become lost in the sexual act and her ass pushed back to meet his every thrust.

Ryan was in heaven. The aunt he fantasized about was actually fucking him, and he began to move faster and harder as the vision of his dad fucking her went full speed. He could hear her telling him to cum insider her as he pounded deep inside her cunt and moments later heard his aunt yell "Fuck me Ryan... Fuck me hard!" as her ass smashed back against his impaling cock.

"Oh... aunty, you don't know how badly I've wanted this," Ryan said as he fucked her like a jackhammer.

Rita was screaming as her nephew fucked her hard as her climax closed. Her pussy sucked on his dick as her body tingled with excitement when the first wave of ecstasy rippled through her body.

Ryan felt her pussy grip his cock and knew she was close to cumming. His own hot seed was moments away from sinking inside her wet box when he felt her body stiffen and shake as she moaned loudly "I'm cumming... Oh Ugh. Ugh. Ugh." Ryan slammed inside her cunt as he gripped her waist tight. He pushed hard and held his dick deep inside her pussy as his sperm released inside her warm hole.

"Oh... Fuck." Ryan grunted as his sperm splattered inside her canal. His legs went shaky but he held his cock deep inside her depths until they both crashed to the attic floor.

Rita was gasping for air as her body filled with the after-effects of her orgasm and didn't have a chance to recover before her nephew had her up on her knees, and he was rocking his appendage again inside her sacred hole.

"Oh God, Ryan. What are you doing to me?" she asked, as she felt her young nephew's dick hardening insider her until once again he was slamming away, sending waves of pleasure throughout her body. Moaning and screaming was all she was capable of doing as another climax shot through her



Rita and Ryan fucked for another hour before they both lay on the dusty floor.

With her breath still racing from her sexual encounter, she struggled to say "Ryan this has to stay just between us. Your mother can never find out."

Ryan asked Rita to clarify what she was asking of him. "Are you referring to the two of us fucking? Or are you talking about the fact that you fucked dad?"

"Both." Quickly came out of her mouth.

Ryan thought for a minute about his aunt's request and then dropped the bomb on her. He told how he had been fucking his mom, and how that looking glass had brought them together. Just as it had helped with mom, the mirror had released her inhibitions so the reflected Rita could fuck her brother and present day Rita could enjoy herself with him.

Rita was at a loss for words. Never did she imagine Lisa fucking her own son but found herself getting excited over the idea of what had happened between them.

"So you see, aunty. I think incest runs in the family. I would have to say I got it from dad, from what I saw."

Rita filled in what the mirror hadn't shown them and explained how she and her brother started messing around sexually one night when they both got a little tipsy from some booze they stole from their father.

It seemed harmless at the time. In the beginning it consisted of some light petting and feeling one another's genitals. However, over time it grew into masturbating one another and then finally to the reflection they saw in the looking glass.

"I swear, Ryan. That was the one and only time it happened. Your dad met your mom after that night, and well, you came into the picture soon after."

"If it's not too personal, why didn't you ever get married?"

"That's another story," Rita answered. "After your dad, I also found out I liked girls. I didn't know that until a very close friend of mine introduced me to it, and now I find I enjoy it better than a male penis."

"Oh, Aunty you're such a naughty woman. Does mom know about your preference towards the female gender?"

"I never told her so. I just assumed everyone knew."

"I don't think mom is aware you prefer lesbian sex. I think she would be uncomfortable having you share her bed if she knew."

"Oh... I had better not tell her then. I would hate to upset her over that."

"Then again, mom might like it and then maybe we could have a nice three-way," Ryan said jokingly.

"In your dreams, horn-dog. I swear. All guys are the same. Hear about a lesbian and you try to get into the mix."

"Technically, you're bi-sexual, aunty. It was my dick that just fucked you, not some dildo strapped to a woman."

"Okay, I guess you're right about that. But I'm still going to have to say 'no' to your suggestion, joke or not."

Ryan let her have the last say on the matter, but his wicked thoughts already devised another plan. Ryan and Rita finally sat up and redressed as they left the attic just before Lisa walked in the door.

"So did Ryan treat you to a nice dinner?"

"Umm? Oh... Well, no we got carried away looking for the other photo albums, and time just flew by," Rita said as Lisa looked puzzled by her answer.

"What other albums? I have them all right here," Lisa said as she walked over to the table by the couch and pulled out the missing pictures. Rita turned towards Ryan and gave him a quick glance, and he knew he had been caught in his little fib, but his aunt turned back to Lisa and just said "Oh... I could swear I checked there before. I must have overlooked that spot."

Lisa had a funny look about her but suggested they go and get something to eat since she was famished herself, and both Rita and Ryan wholeheartedly agreed.

Everyone enjoyed their meal as Lisa chose a fine restaurant that she and her husband used to frequent. Afterwards, Lisa and Rita talked and laughed over a couple bottles of red wine. Ryan didn't partake in the drinking since he was the driver for the evening. He had another reason; to make sure they both were quite tipsy before they returned home.

By the time they arrived home, it was obvious to him both women were drunk, as Lisa slurred her words as she said she was calling it a night. Rita felt the same and staggered behind her. Ryan followed suit and made his way to his own room.

Ryan lay awake in his bed until 3 o'clock in the morning, when he quietly slipped out of his bedroom, and tiptoed to his mother's.

As stealthily as possible, he entered the bedroom and heard both women snoring softly as they deeply slept.

Slowly, Ryan eased the covers off his mother's sleeping figure until her bare thighs were exposed to his spying eyes. His mother had worn a white nightshirt to bed, and light as a feather Ryan leisurely eased it up her body until her small white panties were revealed. Carefully, he pinched the sheer panties in his fingers and inched them down her motionless body.

Finally, after what seem like hours had passed, the tiny garment was maneuvered from her. Cautiously Ryan spread her legs wide while he ever so slowly lowered his head down between them.

Ryan could smell her sweet musk as his tongue lightly flicked across her folds and caused her body to twitch. Again, he flicked his tongue and another twitch followed by a light muffled moan. Ryan continued to lightly tease the outer part of his mother's pussy lips until her body began to sexually respond. And in her sleep, her hips started to push up and meet his tongue as it wisped across her folds.

Ryan heard his mom's light whimpers grow louder as her juices began to flow and sank his tongue into her snatch.

"Oh..." was heard from his sleeping mother as her ass rose from the bed.

Ryan flicked his tongue quickly over her hard clit as he inserted three digits into her sex canal.

Lisa moaned and bucked until she finally woke to her upcoming climax. Her pussy tingled as the tongue and fingers sent continuous waves of sexual pleasure though her as she struggled to comprehend what was taking place.

Now wide awake Lisa realized her ex-sister-in-law was still lying next to her and desperately tried to push her son's probing mouth away from her excited pussy but her orgasm hit and all she could do was grasp his head and pull him tight to her as her body quaked as she muffled her grunts and moans.

It was impossible for her to control her hips as they quivered and all her thrashing around had stirred Rita, but she couldn't do anything to stop it.

"Lisa, that the hell are you doing?!" Rita said as she quickly sat up in shock, watching Lisa hold her son tightly to her kitty.

"Oh... Rita... I'm so... Sorrry!!!" Lisa pleaded as she orgasmed again.

Ryan never gave his mother a chance to recover as her body jittered from her climax, and quickly sat on his knees between her spread legs as he threw them over his shoulders and shoved his stiff member in her wet snatch.

"Ryan!!!" Lisa yelled as his cock pushed deeper inside her.

"Shhh... It's okay, mom, aunty already knows," he said as he thrust his dick harder. "I told her today after I fucked her in the attic."

"No... How?... Oh God!" Lisa whimpered as she turned and looked at Rita.

Minutes later Ryan felt his mother's body become more relaxed as it accepted the pounding it was getting, and he moved closer to his mothers face with her legs still dangling over his shoulders, bending her body in half. Her pussy was much higher now, causing his cock to sink deeper than it had ever gone before.

"Oh... Ugh... Oh... Oh, God!" He heard her cry as he fucked her wildly.

As Ryan fucked his mother wickedly, he glanced at his aunt and saw her hand was planted firmly between her legs. He readjusted his posture and went back to resting on his knees as he reached for his aunt's hand. Ryan grasped her wrist and coaxed her arm towards his mother. His aunt pulled back as she became aware of the spot her hand was going, but Ryan just pulled harder until her fingers were touching his mother's mound.

"That's it, aunty. You know you wanted to touch it. Now's your chance. Rub her. Make mom cum again," Ryan said as he moved her hand across his mother's clit.

"Rrrrita!!!" Lisa squealed as the fingers stimulated her beaver.

"She's close, aunty. I can feel it. Her pussy is squeezing my cock like a vise!"

Ryan let his aunt's wrist go when he felt her fingers moving feverishly on their own, and his mother's body once again thrashed about when she screamed "Oh fuck! I'm cumming! Again!!!"

Once more, as his mother climaxed, Ryan made another bold move and coaxed his aunt's entire body towards him while he pulled his pecker out and quickly said. "Eat mom. Taste her juices."

Lisa was panting loudly, and in her blissful state couldn't stop Rita when her mouth latched on to her snatch.

"Ohhh!!!! Nnnoo!!! Please... This... This... Ohh God..." Lisa whimpered as Rita skillfully worked her lesbian magic on her. Her pussy had at no time felt the touch of a woman's tongue, and it stimulated her like never before. She no longer struggled as Rita's explored her sacred area. Her body and mind had become lost in the twisted lust and only wanted to feel the wonderful bliss that was fast approaching.

Lisa grasped the head between her legs and ground it tight to her mound and bellowed "Yes... Oh yes, Rita. Oh don't stop. Please don't stop. I'm so close."

Ryan stroked his hard member in his hand as he moved his body behind his aunt. He took hold of her waist and moved her body up until she was bent over kneeing between his mother's thrashing body.

The site of his aunt's firm tight ass raised high in the air was so inviting to him that he didn't even think twice when he lined his solid stick directly at her little brown hole. And it wasn't until he heard her scream and raise up quickly that he realized her ass had never been taken before.

His aunt reached back with her hands and tried to push him away from going any deeper inside her virgin ass and squealed "No Ryan. Not there. It's too big." But her words had no effect, and felt him thrust harder and send more of his girth into her tiny hole.

Ryan pushed his aunt forward and guided her head back to his mother's pussy as he sank the entire length of his dick into her.

"Shhh, aunty. It's done. I'm in. Eat mom," he said as he pulled back and pushed forward until her little hole wasn't tight anymore.

As Ryan fucked his aunt's arse he could hear muffled whimpers coming from her as his mom ground her snatch across her face, and as he felt his cum rushing up his shaft, he pulled out of her ass and pushed into her pussy, and felt her cunt grip his girth as he slipped all the way in and quickened his pace, her moans growing louder and louder.

It was seconds later that all three grunted, moaned, and groaned as they climaxed in unison. The deep breaths and pants filled the room as they crashed together, with arms over asses and tits across faces.

Ryan never considered the consequences of his deed and wasn't prepared when he heard his mom hastily get out of bed, dress and leave without saying a word. He just thought she was getting ready for the day.

However, as he rose and went into his own room to change, she barged in and angrily said "I can't believe you did that, Ryan!"

"But mom, I..."

"Stop right there, mister! I'm not finished talking," Lisa continued. "How in the hell could you treat me like a piece of meat? This is how you show me you love me?"

Again, Ryan tried to plead his case, but his mother's eyes filled with tears, and she said "Things will never be the same between us," as she stormed out of his room.

Ryan felt his heart sink when he realized what he'd done. His horny dark side had broken his mother's heart and could see no way to fix it.

But he had to try and with his pants half on, he raced out to catch his mom and stopped her before she made the staircase.

"Please, mom! Please... I'm so sorry. I don't know why I did that. I just..."

Again, Lisa spoke up and said "You just what, Ryan? You felt that since I had sex with you, everyone should bow to your sexual perversions?!"

"Mom, please. It's hard for me to explain why I..."

"No! Stop! I don't want to hear your explanation, because there was no excuse for your aunt to join in with your little manipulation last night! However, I'll have a talk with her about that when I get home from work. Until then, I want you to start looking for some other place to live. You're an adult now. I don't want you living here anymore."

Ryan couldn't stop her, and even after he made several attempt to plead his case, she walked out of the house without saying another word.

Ryan turned his drooped head around and saw his aunt standing behind him.

"I see your mom is a little upset."

"Um... Yeah I never saw her like this. I really fucked things up."

"I think we all went a little too far last night," Rita said as she put her arms around her nephew and cuddled his head into her bosom.

"I think it would be best if we just give her time to think for a while. I'm sure she'll calm down, and we can all discuss what happens next."

"I don't know about that, aunty. She told me to find another place to live."

"Shhh... Sweetie, your mom's just very upset with both of us. I'll call her later and reason with her. Just go to work and I'll see you tonight."

Ryan kissed his aunt (on her cheek, this time), gave her a big hug and said "Thank you, aunty."

Ryan went to work and on his break called Kevin to tell him how he fucked everything up. But he answered the phone panting when Ryan asked "Hey you got a minute?" Kevin replied "Ahhh... Ahhh... No it's... Ugh... Not a good time right now."

In the background, Ryan could hear the sounds of slurping and quickly put together what was happening. However, before he could say "Talk to you later" he heard Liz ask who was on the phone.

"Oh... It's Ryan... Oh shit, mom."

Ryan heard the phone shuffle and then heard Liz say "Ryan dear. I've been hoping to hear from you and your mother again. Can you please hold for a moment?"

Ryan heard Liz pull the phone away and say "Honey, down lower. Yes, that's it. Right there. Oh yes." She then said. "Sorry about that. Kevin is just licking my pussy while you and I talk."

Ryan was shocked by how aggressive Liz seemed but quickly put it aside as he told her what he did and the predicament he now faced.

"I know I screwed up, Liz, but I want to make this right by mom, somehow."

"Hmmm... Yes you did, Ryan. Your dear mother gave you all her love and affection, and you betrayed that by fucking another woman in her absence. And then you degraded her the way you did last night with your aunt. I think you've been a very bad boy. Oh... please hold on again. Kevin is going to make me cum," Liz said as Ryan heard her moan and grunt.

"Sorry for that. Let me call you back after I finish with my son, and I'll see if I can offer some assistance in your matter."

Ryan hung up and went back to work. An hour before his shift ended his cell rang. It was his mother letting him know that his aunt and Liz had called her and after long discussions with each of them, she came to a conclusion. Lisa told him that his aunt would not be there when he got home. Liz suggested another session at their house, and felt it would be best if Rita left prior to her arrival.

"I'm leaving work early today so we'll be there waiting for you when you arrive. I'm not sure how Liz is going to help us this time, Ryan. You have no idea how hurt I am," Lisa said, but at least this time let him respond.

"Mom, I'm going to do my best to earn your trust back. I swear I never meant to hurt you. It was utterly stupid of me to pull that stunt last night. I wish I could take it back."

"We'll talk tonight Ryan, and see where we go from here."

Ryan couldn't wait to get home, but when he walked through the front door, he heard his mother pleading and moaning in the living room. He was in total shock when he saw his mother lying on the couch with her legs spread held wide by Liz, her face buried between her legs.

"Ryan!!! Oh... Ugh... Please honey... Get her off... Oh fuck no!!!" Lisa screamed as her body lifted off the sofa.

Ryan could see his mother had climaxed; Liz continued to suck on her pussy until his mother's body went stiff, followed by a long loud groan that filled the room.

Ryan quickly approached them and grabbed Liz by the arm and pulled her from his mother's pussy. But Liz was motionless now and her body easily plopped to the carpet as he took his mother's limp body in his arms and cradled her.

Suddenly Lisa woke and quickly embraced her son, kissing him deeply.

Ryan was startled by her sudden burst of passion but didn't resist as he enjoyed feeling his mothers loving embrace again. Lisa broke the kiss and said "Oh yes. This is much better."

Ryan was puzzled by her words. "Mmmom?"

"Yes, honey. I'm fine now. Be a dear and help me up."

Ryan helped his mother and quickly realized her reaction was like what he had seen in his dream and questioned "Who are you? And what did you do to my mom?"

"Oh... Such a smart lad," his "mother" said as she pushed her skirt back down and fixed herself.

"Your mom is fine. We are just having a little dispute right now as to who is in charge."

"Why are you doing this?"

"Why? Well, my dear child. Your mom has something that belongs to me and I'm here to get it back."

"You're talking about the looking glass, aren't you?"

"Yes... and I hope you realize it best you listen to what I say," Lisa said as Liz began to stir on the floor.

"I want you to take me to the looking glass now," and took hold of Ryan's hand.

Ryan led her up to the attic and watched as she rushed to the mirror and watched as she slowly ran her hand down the side of it. She said "Now there's only one thing left to do Ryan," as she turned towards him and removed her clothes.

"What are you doing?" Ryan questioned as his mother stood nude in front of him.

"I think it's obvious, dear. We're going to fuck."

"No... You're not mom and I won't' let you use her body this way."

"You don't have a choice, Ryan. Either you fuck me or I'll send your mother's soul into the mirror forever."

But as Lisa stood with the mirror behind her, Ryan saw the vision of the old man appear and his reflection walked up behind her. His body was already naked and once again he watched as he changed into a younger lad in his 20's.

"Since I left you no choice," Lisa said, "I think you should take those pants off so I can suck your dick hard for our everlasting fuck."

Ryan noticed the old man as he stroked his cock to stiffness and delayed his mother's request by asking "What do you mean everlasting fuck?"

"I can stay in this world if I offer the looking glass a sacrifice. It feeds on the energy of forbidden lust. That the secret to its magic."

His mother's intruder went on and explained how she and her beloved son used the mirror's gift and had been on this earth for hundreds of years. But alas, her child couldn't bear to see anymore incestuous families succumb to the looking glass's hunger for incest, and had stolen it from her. She thought all was lost when her body grew old, and her life slipped away. However, after death, she found in spirit form she could stay and continue her search, and over time she discovered she could overtake a person's body when they were in a weak moment.

"So you see, Ryan, once we embrace in our incestuous passion, you and your mother's essences will be sent into the glass, and you'll be fucking each other for all eternity. Isn't that what you want? To have your mother's eternal love? You'll be able to have her forever."

Ryan saw the old man's reflection standing straight behind his mother, and as she slowly stepped back, her ass bumped into the glass. The mirror deformed into the shape of the old man's hands as they reached out of the mirror and encompassed her chest. The old man then thrust forward and impaled Lisa with his stiff member, and she squealed. "Oh... Wait! No!!!



Ryan watched as his mother's body squirmed and fought as the old man pumped his cock inside her, but slowly her body was being pulled into the mirror. It wasn't until he heard her plea for help that he acted, and quickly took hold of her arms, even as the old man pulled back harder.

As Lisa's body was being pulled from both ends, Ryan watched as the spirit's form was yanked out of his mother sending him and his mother crashing to the floor.

Ryan looked up and saw the spirit inside the looking glass with the old man's cock planted firmly inside her twat and heard. "Now you'll be with me forever, mom."

"No!!! Ugh! Please!!!" The spirit begged as her transparent appearance changed into a solid form.

Ryan noticed his mother was motionless but knew what he had to do. Quickly, he looked around and saw an old wooden bat, and without hesitation swung it with all his might at the looking glass.

The mirror cracked but was still intact and he could hear the woman screaming for him to stop as her son kept fucking her.

Again, Ryan swung, and this time it shattered with an explosion that sent him flying backwards. As he recovered from the blast and saw fragments of mirror scattered everywhere, he also noticed a foggy mist spewing out from where the mirror had been. Inside the mist were mixed images of many people.

Ryan crawled to his mother's side and held her in his arms as she slowly came out of her coma like condition. His mother reached up and wrapped her arms around his neck and said "Kiss me."

Ryan embraced his mother and they passionately kissed until he broke away and told how sorry he truly was for what he had done. He was overjoyed when his mom forgave him. Slowly, they rose from the floor and made their way back down to the living room were Liz was still dealing with her own weak condition.

The three of them sat as Liz described how she couldn't stop herself and admitted that there might be some things that just can't be explained.

Ryan put his arm around his mother and said "I don't care how it happened. It showed me how much I love my mom."

Lisa turned and kissed her child once again. And as they embraced in a loving bond, she heard Liz say "I have to agree. I also see how much my son loves me and think I should go and show him."

Without another word, Ryan and Lisa heard Liz leave as their bodies clung tight together and their passion grew.

Ryan broke the kiss again and said "I love you so very much, mom."

Lisa's eyes filled with tears as she looked at her child's face and said "Show me, honey. Make love to mommy."

That night they made love until the sun rose the next day, and a new stronger bond was formed between them. Ryan no longer toyed with dark sexual ideas of group sex and accepted that all he needed to make him happy was his mom.

Liz went home and made love to her own child. Her world had changed and knew it would never be the same. She decided that instead of explaining to her patients how incest was unacceptable, she'd show them how wonderful it could be.

As for the looking glass, the remains are still scattered in the attic and on nights when the house is very quite light moans and groans of a couple having sex can be heard.