Prologue
Posted: February 28, 2012 - 07:47:57 pm

My name is Ben Hamner and this is the story of how I became a young man of power and wealth. It all really started when I was thirteen. Our family then consisted of my dad, Daniel Hamner Junior; my mom, Helen; my sister Belinda (most times called Bea), aged twenty one; my sister Britney (mostly called Brie), aged nineteen; and myself.

My dad was a senior partner in the law firm of Hamner, Hamner, Hamner, Forest and Hart. The three Hamners were my great-grandfather, my grandfather and my father. Dad and Mom had decided to groom me as the next great Hamner lawyer, so I was being presented to society as one of the next generation of bright lawyers for the firm. I worked during the summer of my twelfth year at the law firm as a runner, gopher, and computer wizard. Now, on with my story.



Home | Barneyr's Page « The Ring of Control Index « Previous - Settings
Chapter 1
Posted: February 28, 2012 - 07:47:57 pm

Anyway, during that summer, I noticed that my father and a certain young law clerk, Veronica Sheldon, would leave about one o'clock every Tuesday and Thursday and be gone for about three hours. When Dad returned, he would take me home and then go back to work for another couple of hours. I mentioned this to Mom and said I thought it was a little strange, that it happened every week. Mom said not to worry about it, that she would look into it.

A week later my mom asked me to see if I could find out about my dad's financial status.

One of the things my dad was grooming me for, was computer information and investigations. You know, hacking into computer systems to see if there was fraud or funny things going on. I seemed to have a real knack for digging into computer systems, and memory storage areas; as well as digging through programs, and finding things on the internet. Using these skills, I started looking for other Daniel Martin Hamner's on the internet. I found eight people by that name across the US, but there were three in our town, and one in a town about forty miles away, in the next county. One was my grandfather, one was at our address, and one was listed at the law firm's address with a private line number not associated with the law firm. The firm's numbers started with 704-61xx. This number was a 674-4616.

I could see that Dad was up to no good.

Mom asked if I could find out how much Dad was making at the law firm. After some digging, at home and at work, I found that Dad had several places his money went. After some more tracing, I found that Mom got only about thirty percent of Dad's money into their joint account. I dug some more and found that Dad had another three bank accounts in three different banks in town. All were with the same SSN. I also found that the Daniel Hamner in the other county was also my dad. He had a home and fifty acres of woodland there, as well as another bank account.

Mom asked me to print out everything I had found, and that she would handle it from there. I said ok, but told her if she needed anything more, just to ask. I would be happy to do anything for her.

I think at this point, I should give you some background of our family. Dad met my mom when her family had a lawsuit against a drunk driver. Her dad and mom were messed up pretty bad in an accident, and Dad's firm represented the drunk driver. The drunk was some high-powered CEO, and figured his lawyers would get him out of it just like they had the other four times before. Because Dad was just learning the business at the time, he was sent to the family, with a settlement check for $125,000, to buy them off before going to trial. That is what had happened before, so they thought it would work this time, too. Well, Dad went to their house to deliver the check and met my mom. She was just seventeen at the time, and was very, very beautiful.

Dad felt very attracted to her, and decided to work out a better settlement for them. The drunk driver would pay all medical bills associated with the accident, both past and for the next five years, a $125,000 settlement paid out over ten years and a college fund set up for one Helen Sheldon for $75,000. Dad went back to the firm and said that somehow the family had found out about the other four times their client was arrested for drunk driving. If it ever went to court, their client would be going to jail for a very long time. He said that he felt, knowing the circumstances he had made them a good deal. His dad agreed, and they settled.

About a month later, Dad went to their house again, and asked if he could date their daughter Helen. Dad was twenty-six at the time, and Helen was only seventeen, but they agreed that it would be ok.

Within six months, they were married. Eight months later, I was born ... supposedly, a month early. Then twenty-one months later, Belinda was born and fourteen months after that Britney was born. Mom and Dad agreed that she get her tubes tied, as they didn't want any more children.

Shortly after I was born, Daniel senior, my grandfather, gave Mom and Dad our house as an anniversary present. This house is really a mansion on twenty acres of land. The house was built for the man who founded one of the big banks in town about a hundred and forty years ago. It was about 4,000 square feet, on two floors. That was not counting the basement and attic; even though the attic had three finished rooms for servants, plus an area downstairs for the cook and butler. In the basement, there were a storm cellar, a cold storage cellar, an old coal storage room, and the place for the furnace and a/c unit.

As a child, I was first raised by nannies; then by my mother, after she graduated from college. She had worked part time at first, so she could use her education. But after Britney started school, she started back to working fulltime. She didn't need the money, but wanted to contribute to the household, and keep active with her career.

As a child growing up in the mansion, I had found several secret passageways, and even had discovered secret compartments in some of the furniture. My dad's desk in the den contained seven secret compartments. I told Dad of six of them, but not the last one I found. I also found an ancient roll top desk in the attic, and when I turned twelve, I asked if I could have it in my room for doing homework. In that desk, I found ten secret compartments, over the years. I later learned I had missed two very important compartments.

Back to my parent's divorce Mom hired a very good woman lawyer named Gloria Marie Donner that a friend of hers had recommended. She had recently raked a prominent state representative through the coals for infidelity. Mom took everything we had on Dad, and the information about Victoria, and gave it to Ms. Donner.

Two weeks later Dad was served with divorce papers asking for a settlement of just over 35 million dollars, plus $5,000 a month in alimony and $9,000 a month in child support for each child. Mom asked for the property in the next county, half of all his cash, stocks and bonds, and our house and property. This added up to just over $35 million in assets. Several things came up about some of the places where Dad had hidden his money from the IRS. He was kind of threatened that if he protested the divorce, or the settlement, that those facts would somehow be leaked to the IRS.

Defeated, Dad signed everything over, and essentially disappeared from our life.

It seems that Dad had a thing for young women, aged sixteen to twenty-five. After they reached twenty-five he just dropped them, and sought a younger one, again. Mom returned to working and life went on, except I didn't work for the law firm anymore. Dad and Grandfather decided three Hamners were enough.

There was a little bit of intrigue going on at the property in the next county. Ms. Donner had the property looked at, closely, and she found that the barn was climate controlled. She was curious as to why. The barn had securely locked doors, and painted over windows with locks on them, too. Entry would require major damage to the locks, so she hired someone to watch the place and if anyone came snooping around, they were to contact the County Sheriff immediately. About a month after the divorce was finalized, some strange activity was reported to be going on there.

What the Sheriff found was astounding. In the barn they found eleven vehicles under covers. They found the following: a 1952 Ferrari 250 GT Berlinetta; a 1932 Duesenberg, Model J, convertible sedan; a 1937 Cord 812 supercharged sedan; a 1971 Jaguar XKE V-12 coupe; a 1932 Ford Coupe (Deuce coupe) in original condition; a 1932 Chevrolet closed cab pick-up; a 1953 Chevrolet Corvette roadster; a 1963 Chevrolet Corvette Stingray split window coupe; a 1943 Willis jeep in military colors and military markings; a 1942 Dodge WC-53 Carryall (Like a suburban, but a Dodge) with US Army markings; and a 1941 Plymouth sedan Command Car with military markings. The first eight vehicles had their VIN's run. They were found to have been destroyed due to fire, flood or earthquake. There would be a big insurance investigation into that bit. But the three military vehicles were never registered therefore had to have been transferred directly from the military or stolen from them. Each one's serial numbers were checked and they had all been assigned to an Army base in Texas that had since closed and was now part of someone's ranch. The US Army was investigating that one.

So Dad was into more hot water as a result of that little find.

They were unsure just how he was involved, but every one of the first eight vehicles had belonged to the clients of Hamner, Hamner, Hamner, Forest and Hart before they were reportedly destroyed. A client of Dad's firm owned the ranch the Army vehicles came from as well. That mess took the better part of a year to straighten out and in the end there were six more men accompanying daddy dearest to the state penitentiary on charges of defrauding the state, the federal government (i.e. the US Army) and several insurance companies.
Friday, May 20th, 2011

A couple of years after the divorce, I was working on a homework assignment, when I reached over to open a drawer in my desk for an eraser and the drawer came out. This was one of the two drawers I never could get to come out, to see if there were any secret levers or compartments behind them. I looked and sure enough, there was a small lever in the back of the drawer recess that was sticking up at a 30-degree angle to the left. I couldn't reach it with my fingers so I used my pencil and pushed first left and then right. It moved a little to the right but stuck. When I had found the other secret compartments in this desk, as well as all the others in the house, I had had to use some furniture oil to loosen some of the mechanisms. I had a small squirt can with furniture oil in it for when I polished my desk. I squirted some on the lever and tried again. This time a heard a squeak on the right panel of the desk.

I looked closely and saw that the curved panel on the right was away from the top. I squirted some oil along the bottom and sides of the panel and it fell down revealing a space about an inch deep where an old book was lodged. I carefully removed the book and saw that it was a journal of some sort. It was tied together as a binder and had a leather cover.

There were no specific year dates, but there were lots of entries; like Aug 25th, Sep 1st, etc. The writing was in ink, but it looked like an old fountain pen or maybe even a quill pen was used, as the lines were quite thick. The language was English, but different, like Old English maybe. The spelling was very weird with an f for an s, letters where there shouldn't be and so on, like afraid was spelled 'affraied' or maybe it was 'as feared' or 'a feared' ... whatever. Eventually, I was able to determine the language was either Chancery Standard, or Early Modern English. I browsed through the journal and then thought 'if there is one compartment, then there should be two.' I looked closely at the drawer, saw how it had been locked in, and opened the opposite drawer. I then lifted and twisted it, and that drawer came out, too.

I squirted some oil on the lever and then along the edges of the left panel, and then moved the lever to the right. The left panel came down and revealed a small wooden box and another small book. I opened the book and could not read this one at all. It was in a language I could not read or even understand. The writing looked to be more like runes or pictograms than a language. I then opened the box. Inside, wrapped in cloth, was a ring made of silver with a large black stone. It looked like onyx, but had a somewhat cloudy squiggle in the center. The squiggle looked kind of like a lightning bolt. I polished the ring with the gray cloth, and thought I might try it on.

But as I started to put it on my finger, I heard something in my mind saying, 'Not yet, young one.'

That scared me, what is this about SOMETHING in my mind, so I wrapped it back in the cloth and put it back in the box. I started to try to read the journal that I could kind of understand.

After about ten pages, I realized that this was the diary of someone who had translated the small book. The small book was the instruction manual for, 'The Ring of Power'. It explained that the small book was written in an ancient dialect, similar to Ancient Sumerian. The ring gave the wearer the power to see into the minds of people, and to control them, mentally. It was a kind of telepathic transmitter-receiver. The trick was, that you needed to know the full given name of the person you were trying to control. The rest of the journal was the writer's adventures or misadventures, while he had the ring.

There was only one warning. That warning was that once the ring was on, it could only be removed two ways. One was upon death of the wearer. The other was if the wearer were to give it away to a relative, prior to death. Well, that was the best translation I could come up with. I might have been totally wrong, but what did I know?

This was really weird. I looked up 'Ancient Sumerian' and that language was from around 3100 to 2500 BC. The language today, is very hard to decipher, partly due to difficulties surrounding the reading and interpretation of early Sumerian writing, and partly because of the lack of sources. But the journal I had must have been written fairly recently, time wise. I suspected that it was translated from some other old language into English, for my copy of the journal.

I looked up Old English and found it dated from 350 to 1650 AD. Of the early period, from 350 to 650, it is very rare to find examples of the writing. However, what I'd found, was more modern than that. I guessed that it probably dated somewhere around the late 1390's to the early 1600's.

Now I understood the mental warning I had received, when I tried to put the ring on the first time. I decided to sleep on it before I tried to go any further.

My big question was, did I really want to be able to control anyone I knew?

That night I dreamed about who would I control, if I could. What would I want from them once I controlled them. I could see power and money coming to me, but at what price?

Then my fifteen year old sex fiend mind kicked in and I saw a parade of beautiful women and girls stripping just for me, fulfilling all my sexual fantasies. Once, I had been able to trade some comics and other things, like money, for some men's magazines like Playboy and Hustler. I then traded them for some porn mags a friend had. I had to give them back later, but they had fueled my masturbation sessions for several months. Now, what did I really want?

Edited by: bachgen, & Max41885
Proofing by prissy_35503 & bigbillh
Final edit by an 'anonymous friend'
Chapter 2
Home | Top | Barneyr's Page |   Feedback to author



Home | Barneyr's Page « The Ring of Control Index « Previous - Settings
Chapter 2
Posted: March 01, 2012 - 08:54:21 am

The next morning was Saturday. As I entered the kitchen, Mom was in her short robe. She was bending over getting some rolls out of the oven, and I could see her long legs all the way up to her panties.

SPROING! Instant hard on!

My mother was only thirty-eight. She was still very young looking and beautiful. All my friends drooled over her when they came over to swim, or play computer games. Mom was about an inch taller than my five foot seven. She was about ten pounds heavier than I was, and was very much 'hour-glass' shaped. She was HOT!

Suddenly I knew I was going to use the ring, and why. I wanted my hot mom. But I didn't know my mom's full name! How was I going to find out? Besides, did it really work, or was it just a hoax. I had to find out. Right after breakfast with my family, I rushed upstairs. I put the ring in my hand. Since I knew a name, I wanted to try it. I was set. I mentally thought of Belinda's full name and pictured her in my mind.

I said loudly in my mind, 'Belinda Marie Hamner, come to me, immediately. Drop what you are doing, and come to me!'

About thirty seconds later Bea came in my room. She was dressed in her nightgown, which was one of our Dad's old tee shirts. It came down to her knees.

She said, "Master, what do you wish of me?" She was still wet from her shower and the shirt clung to her new curves.

I gaped at her partial nudity. She was beautiful; she was just starting to get boobs. You know ... small bumps on her chest, with pink nipples. I asked her to turn around and saw her perky round ass and perfectly formed legs. I asked her if she knew Mom's middle name and she said she didn't. I then told her to return to her shower and forget coming to me.

She answered, "Yes, Master," and left.

I was puzzled. Then I thought of when I was helping Mom get the goods on Dad, and started searching for Mom's name on my computer. Sure enough, I got about twelve hits for her name, and looked at each one. On the eleventh one a found her full name on a bank account ... Helen Elizabeth Hamner. I grabbed the ring again and thought her name.

Again, I said just with my mind, 'Helen Elizabeth Hamner, come to me as soon as you can. Do not alarm anyone you may be with, just come to me as soon as you are able.'

About two minutes later a heard a knock on the door, and then Mom came in my room. She was still in her robe.

She stood in front of me and said, "You called for me, Master?"

"Yes, Mother, I did. I want you to instruct me in all the ways of love and sex. I want you to be my lover, but I do not want anyone to know, so this must be kept a secret. Do you understand?"

"Yes, Master. You want me to teach you all the ways of love and sex and we must keep this a secret from everyone. When do you want me to start?"

"Now, I believe. First, take your robe off."

Mom slowly, took off her robe. She didn't have a bra on, just panties. Her tits were round and only sagged a very little. She was very, very beautiful. Why Dad had to have someone younger, puzzled me. Her panties were translucent, and I could almost see her light brown pubic hair through the material. I asked her to remove the panties as well. She rolled them down her legs and stood again before me.

I stared at the vision before me and rubbed my steel hard cock. I'd had an instant reaction to her, when she had removed her robe. I only got harder as she stripped before me.

Mom held out her hand, and escorted me to my bed. Then she lay down and motioned for me to strip as well. I skinned off my shorts and boxers. My rock hard five-inch dick sprang up, to bounce off my belly. I crawled onto the bed, while I just kept staring at my beautiful and sexy mom. She whispered to me to start by kissing her lips. Then roam around her face and neck giving her little kisses everywhere. I was so nervous, but I obeyed. Soon I was just enjoying the kisses. So was she.

"Slowly start moving down until you are kissing my breasts, not the nipple yet, not until I tell you," whispered my mother.

I started to slowly lick and kiss her all over her upper chest and into the hollow of her throat as I moved down her chest. I could hear her breathing get rougher and faster as I moved down. I circled first one breast and then the other, kissing them with little butterfly kisses, just as she had told me to do.

'WOW! This is wonderful, ' I thought as I came all over her thighs.

The funny thing, though, was that my dick was still rock hard. I didn't feel as though I would shoot off any second, though, as I had felt a few moments ago. Mom moaned and started breathing faster and more raggedly.

She said in a horse whisper, "Now suck on my nipples, and when they get very hard and long, nip at them, but not real hard."

I slid up to her right nipple and started to suck on it, like I did as a baby. Her nipple grew rapidly and stood up about a half inch from the rest of her boob. I sucked soft and then hard, then soft again and her breathing really got fast. She seemed to be gasping for air in big gulps.

She almost screamed, "NOW, BABY!"

I bit down on her elongated nipple. Mom bucked around on the bed, and then stiffened out, raising her ass clear off the bed. Then she just fell back and appeared to be unconscious. I was a little worried that she was dead, or she had just passed out from pain. I listened to her rough breathing. Her heart was racing so I knew she was still alive.

It appeared to be several minutes later that she came back around. I started to profusely apologize for hurting her.

"Mommy, I'm so sorry for hurting you so much. I didn't mean to bite so hard..."

Mom surprised me by saying, "My GOD, Bennie, I haven't had an orgasm like that, ever! And that was just from someone kissing my tits! WOW! If just kissing my tits gives me that kind of explosive orgasm, then what am I going to feel like, when you put that meat to me? You might just kill me with it, but I think I'll take my chances!"

"Mom, I thought I had killed you, or hurt you so bad that you passed out from the pain. I didn't realize that girls could get off by just kissing their boobs. Besides I'm not hard anymore, when I thought I hurt you, it just went away."

"Bennie, boy or should I say 'Ben, the new man of the house', don't worry about that! I can fix that rather quickly. You just scoot up a little, and I will move down some, and I can give this manly cock of yours a good washing. I think I will get some more protein for my diet!"

Mom took my flaccid dick in her hands, and licked along the sides, and then licked all around the head tasting my dried cum.

"What's this? Extra protein, I taste? Did you cum already?"

I explained that I came the first time from kissing her boobs, but that I didn't go flaccid until she passed out. Almost immediately, I started to re-harden. She took my whole cock into her mouth then, and started to run her tongue all around it and softly suck on it as well. It took all of about fifteen seconds until I was rock hard again.

She continued to suck and lick my cock and gently played with my balls moving them around and then sometimes licking them as well. I could already start to feel that urge to cum, and started to tell her so, when she sucked the whole thing in her mouth and started to hum. After about five seconds of that treatment, I came with a vengeance. I was pouring squirt after squirt down my mother's throat. It seemed as though I would empty my entire balls into her mouth. Mom pulled back, and sucked the last dregs of my sperm into her mouth.

She said with a smile as she licked her lips, "Oh, yes! That was delicious! I hope I can get some more, later on, Ben."

I told her anytime she wanted.

She said, "I think we need to postpone any more teaching until later this evening. It will give me a chance to rest up, and for you to make lots more sperm. I may just go on a 'pure protein' diet, for a while."

She picked up her robe and panties and left my room, leaving me to stare after her, and wonder what had just happened. Mom was not acting as Belinda had, or even as she had, earlier, when she first came in. I wondered if having sex with her strengthened the spell, or changed it, or what? I would need to read more of the journal. For now, I just lay back, and rested. I thought of all the things I could do now that I had the power to control people. I wrapped the ring inside the grey cloth, and put it back into the box.

I slept for about an hour. I was totally out of it, and had no dreams or anything. I got up, and dressed and started really reading the journal. I found out that the longer the person was with you, the stronger the spell became, and once they had been summoned with the spell you only had to picture them in your mind, and they would answer your call. If you had sex with someone, the spell became stronger still; it had something about your internal juices. I supposed that meant that either sperm or pussy juice. Once it had been ingested or smeared on some part of the body, they became much more attached to you, mentally. In some cases, it became almost telepathic between the two minds.

I just thought of Mom in my head, and she answered in my head, 'Yes, Lover, did you need something?'

I answered back, 'No, Mom, I just was thinking of you.'

'That's nice, honey. I'm thinking of you, too. Lunch will be ready in about an hour. I love you, Ben.'

'I love you too, Mom.'

I read the journal until it was lunchtime. I heard Mom call the girls for lunch ... not her actual voice, the one in my head. This was going to be something! I may have to see about some shielding from her thoughts, if I wanted to get things done. I'd read more after lunch, to see what I could do about that. I put the ring in my pocket, and went downstairs to lunch.

I tried out something at lunch, I thought of Britney's name.

'Britney Alice Hamner, ' and I said to her, in my mind, 'do not answer me by voice, only inside your mind.'

I could hear Britney thinking, 'How can I do that? I can't talk to anyone without speaking.'

'But I can hear you, Britney.'

She jumped about a foot in her chair when I said that in her head.

She stared at me and then thought, 'Yes, Master, what do you wish of me?'

'I just wanted to know if you could hear me, and if I can hear you, when I call you. Now I know we can talk this way. Go back to eating, and forget this happened.'

'Yes, Master.'

Mom and Belinda both were startled when Britney jumped, and were asking if she was all right. She said that she had just spilled some juice on herself and it was cold.

The rest of lunch proceeded without another incident. After lunch, I read more of the journal and found no mention of any mental shield or anything like that. I thought more about it. I thought that with the love we all had for each other in our family, that we would be closely bonded together, already. Therefore, the bond would be stronger. I opened my mind and listened closely for any thoughts I could hear. I heard Mom on the phone with the gardener about coming early next week, to trim the grass and some of the bushes and trees. I heard Belinda playing a computer game with one of her friends, and that was all.

I then thought of Britney again and called in my mind, 'Britney Alice Hamner.'

I heard her timid voice answer in my head, 'Yes, Master? What do you wish of me?'

'When it is convenient, please come to your brother's room. Go right in, after knocking.'

'Yes, Master. Is now ok? I'm just playing with my dolls.'

'Yes, now is fine.'

A couple minutes later a heard a small knock and then Britney came in the door. I told her to close and lock the door. I didn't want any interruptions, right now. I would need to remember that, the next time Mom and I got together.

"Britney, I want you to come to me, and then kiss me on the lips."

"Yes, Master."

She slowly came to me as I was sitting at my desk. I opened my arms to her and she cuddled into them. Brie closed her eyes and puckered her kips out to be kissed. I held her and kissed her, just as I had kissed my mother, earlier. I kissed her lips, and around her face and neck. By the time I got back to her lips she was swooning. She was limp in my arms, had her eyes closed, and was breathing hard.

'Britney can you hear me?'

She spoke, "Of course I can hear you, I'm right here in your arms."

'No, Brie. I'm speaking inside your head. Look at me.'

Brie opened her eyes, and stared at my face, as I said again, 'Can you hear me?'

She just stared! She couldn't believe I was talking in her head.

"I can hear you, but your lips are not moving. How can that be?"

I spoke directly to her this time, "I can talk to your mind and you can hear me. Just like now. But this is different. If you were in your room, I could talk to you, and you could hear me while you were there. I want to see if you can talk to me in my head, too. Go back to your room. When I call your name, just think what you want to say to me. You have to think about me, though, ok?"

"Okay, Bennie, I'll try to think of you and say something. This is just too weird!"

Britney left after unlocking the door. I waited a couple minutes and then called her in my mind.

'Britney, honey, can you hear me?'

I heard a very timid and weak voice in my head, 'Bennie, I hear you, but what should I say to you?'

'I can hear you, too, Brie. Say something else.'

'Can you hear me better, now? I'm thinking of your kisses. I really liked them. Can we do that some more?'

'Sure, Sweetheart, sometime later. But you have to keep this a secret from everybody. We can't have everyone know you can talk to your brother without using your voice. They would think you or I was crazy, and put us in a "crazy house." Okay?'

'Can I tell Mommy and Belinda about it?'

'Not just yet. I have to try to talk to them, too, before we tell anyone. Okay, Sweetie?'

'Okay, Bennie. Bennie? I love you. Thank you for thinking of me to try this "brain talking" thing with. Can I play with my dollies some more?'

'Yes, Brie, you can go play dollies again. If you need me, just think about me, and then call me, ok?'

'Okay, Bennie.'

'I love you too, Britney.'

Well, it works with my mom and both my sisters. Oops! I forgot to tell Belinda to keep it a secret.

'Belinda, answer me only in my mind. Do not try to talk, or make any sudden movements to startle someone else. You must not tell anyone about us talking in our minds. It must be kept a secret from everyone, right now. Maybe later we can discuss it with Mom and Britney. Do you understand?'

'Ben what is going on? I can hear you but you are not even in the same house with me. In fact, I am over at Shelby's house in the bathroom. Can you see me? You better, not be able to see me, too! Now what is this all about?'

'I will explain it all to you, when you get back home; and no, I cannot see you. That is an interesting thought, though. We will have to try that, later on. Just come see me when you get home, ok?'

'You better never be able to see me. Okay, I'll keep it a secret, for now. But this better not go on for too long before I start telling Mom.'

'That's what I want to talk to you about. I think I can talk to all three of you, but I'm not sure. We'll talk more when you get home. So far, all I can hear is your thoughts, if they are directed to me. I heard that ... I will not go to hell for this. Well, maybe I will, after all.'

I started reading again to see if I could get any insight about what to do or not to do with this power. This reading was tough stuff. You had to read maybe five or six sentences to figure out the meaning of what you read. I did an awful lot of digging into the internet and finding old documents dating from the early 1400's to the late 1500's. Some of this stuff was easier to read than others, and some of the later chapters or entries seemed to be more modern in the prose, than the earlier entries. Maybe it was several people, over several years, who wrote the journal. I did notice that the handwriting seemed to change about every thirty to fifty pages.

The journal was some four hundred pages long, on what I would consider to be 'onionskin' paper, but it wasn't paper. It felt more like parchment, but thinner. I assumed it was either hemp or flaxen or maybe linen sheets of homemade paper. The edges were rough and every so often there would be a tear or a jumble of the fibers causing a blot to appear in the writing. Also as the journal progressed, so did the quality of the paper.

I needed to discuss this journal with Mom as to just how much I should reveal to my sisters. I know I can't reveal the sex stuff. But what about the other stuff? It took me all week to finish reading everything. I would read some, and then go back to another entry and re-read something else, until I understood as much as I could about this power I now had. This took all of two weeks, partly due to my having to study for final exams for my graduation from sophomore to junior and partly due to the difficulty in reading the text.

Now it was time to rest from the grueling school regime, and to enjoy life! With no school for the summer, I had a whole thirteen weeks of fun to look forward to!

Edited by albatrs89 & Max41885
Final edit by an 'anonymous friend'
Proofing by prissy_35503
Chapter 3
Home | Top | Barneyr's Page |   Feedback to author


Home | Barneyr's Page « The Ring of Control Index « Previous - Settings
Chapter 3
Posted: March 03, 2012 - 10:07:15 am
Friday, June 3rd, 2011

After reading the last of the journal's entries again, I sat back and tried to digest all the information it contained, and formulate the questions I still had. I did learn that if I held the ring, I could translate the journal better than when it was in the box, but I didn't learn much more than I already knew. I could make the link stronger with either accumulated time of exposure, or by sex with the individual. The link was strongest with family or with lovers, but there seemed to be no set limit as far as distance if the bond was strong enough. There didn't seem to be a way to stop the link from happening, regardless of what the victim wanted.

You could override a person's will or morals, (i.e.: what happened with my mom), but I didn't find a shield. If the bond was strong enough, the controlee could contact the controller, but that was unusual. Once sex occurred between the two people, there was a much closer familiarity between the people, not so much a master-slave condition as there was at first contact. But that master-slave situation could be continued, if the one controlled was a stranger or someone just slightly known or the controller made that a condition of the control. This explained why Mom was initially calling me master, but as soon as we were having sex, she mellowed out, and things became more comfortable and normal.

I decided it was time to put the ring on. I placed it tentatively on my right ring finger. I got a slight jolt of electricity and then nothing. I slid the ring further on my hand. It seemed to adjust so that it fit perfectly. It was neither too tight, nor too loose. I twisted it, and pulled it back off. I got the same shock as when I had put it on. I then put it back in place on my finger. I decided that I would leave it there.

I called Mom to see where she was, so we could discuss what I found out. She said she would be right up, and we could talk privately.

Mom knocked on my door and I called, "Enter."

We sat at my desk and I showed Mom the ring, the box and the two books. She read some of the journal and then we talked. I told her what I had learned and that I had talked with both of my sisters and that I had told them it had to be kept a secret. She asked me to try blocking, erasing or blanking a memory if I could. I said I didn't know, but that we should try it. I know I remember that I told Belinda to forget about being in my room naked that morning, and Britney hadn't mentioned it when I 'spoke' to her when she was playing dollies later either. So maybe I could.

I thought a few minutes and then asked Mom if there was any one memory that she wanted to lose. Something that was so terrible, that she wanted to blank it out and just forget it altogether.

She thought a minute, and then spoke softly, "There is one thing Ben. But you should never tell a living soul about this. It is so terrible that even now I sometimes have nightmares about it. When I was twelve, a man molested me and took my virginity. He was my uncle on my mother's side. He raped me when I was visiting their farm. It happened twice. It is one of the reasons I married your father. He was so nice and gentle with me, and he didn't condemn me for being 'impure.' I want you to find that horrible memory and make it go away, please, Ben. If you can do that, we will know it works, and I will be shed of that horrible memory."

"Ok, Mom, why don't you go lie down on my bed, here, and get comfortable. Relax and think of something very pleasant and I will see if I can find that memory." Mom went and lay down. I could see she was trying very hard to remember something other than that episode with her uncle. I moved my chair next to the bed, held her hand and started to link up with her mind. I first saw us making love that Saturday morning, she felt content, relaxed and I could feel her relaxing. As long as she could think of that, maybe I could search her mind for that other memory.

I really concentrated and I started to see many memories. They looked like happy faces, I found some frowns as well, but I was looking for something much worse. Finally, over in a corner sat a festering boil type of a thing. As I approached it, an ugly Halloween mask of evil reared its head and tried to scare me away. I mentally thought of a scalpel. I grabbed the head and cut it off at the base, down by where the rest of the material seemed soft, pink, and healthy. I then glared at the head. It seemed as though I had heat ray vision as I burned up all of that evil and hate.

When I finished, I was exhausted. Finally, I just collapsed in the chair.

"Ben? Bennie, are you all right? Oh, my god! What happened?"

"I'm all right. I'm just a little tired, and I have a headache. I have a question to ask you, though. What do think about, when you think of your Uncle Patrick?"

"Ahh, let's see ... I remember the farm, I remember we stayed a week there one time but all I remember are vague remembrances of the animals and of Uncle Patrick and Aunt Bertha. Why do you ask?"

"Do you remember we were talking about seeing if I could erase memories?" I asked, and she nodded. "Well it appears that I can! Yes, I guess I really can make them go away. Now what was this about you wanting a repeat performance of Saturday mornings' little tryst? Are you talking about now, or later in your bedroom?"

"You could see that in my mind? Well, I think we should wait until this evening, after the 'children' have gone to bed. I wouldn't want any interruptions to spoil our fun. You know I don't know why, but I have no regrets about that Saturday, and I don't have any qualms about having an incestuous relationship with you. I think you and I are meant to be together. Somehow, we were destined to be lovers. I feel so right when I am with you. For a while I felt that way about your father, but after we found out that I was pregnant with you, things changed. Then, on that day with you, I became a new woman. Thank you, Ben."

"You know, Mom, I kinda feel the same way. Today I feel like a man, not a fourteen-year-old boy. It's not just because we had sex, either. I know I'm still a virgin as far as real sex is concerned, but I think that will be gone, tomorrow. No, this is something different. I feel more alive and there is a connection between the two of us. It's not just the link because of the ring, either. I'll bet if I took it off, the connection would still be there. This is something deeper. I love you Helen Elizabeth Hamner."

"I love you too, Benjamin Martin Hamner. Now give me a kiss and let's see what we can tell the 'children' lover boy, so they don't go blabbing all our 'family' secrets."

We discussed what to tell my sisters. We figured out that we could tell them, that because we are a close family, I can somehow talk in their minds. Some things I would need to make them forget or ignore. Especially things going on at home, like my new relationship with Mom. These were our family's big secrets. I would just implant in their minds that these are something only our family can do, and have them accept it, and never discuss it outside of the family.

This past week had been hectic for all of us. It was especially hard on me. I thought about everything that had happened two weeks ago. I definitely wanted more, much more of Mom's loving. Plus I really did start to feel a closer, common connection with my mother, now. It is something I can't really attribute to the forced sex. I call it forced because I asked (or was it that I commanded her?), and in her slave state, she really couldn't say no. But the thing was, she now wanted more.

We would talk at the dinner table, and I would set them all up with the right attitude about my 'Gift.' Then I would tell the girls to ignore any romantic or intimate things they would hear or see regarding mother and I. Then we would go about our normal evening activities.

At the dinner table, Helen started out by explaining what we, as a family, had to do to keep my ability a secret.

"Girls, you know if someone finds out about Ben's gift, to be able to talk to us in our heads, one of two things will happen. If they don't believe us, they will probably just think we are crazy. Then they will start asking too many questions and maybe even put you or Ben away in a mental institution. The other option would be if someone believed you. Then the police or some government spy organization would lock us all up forever, and try to understand how we can do this. Now Ben is going to put a little reminder in our heads. This is so that we will not to talk about this to anyone ... friends, teachers, or anyone. It won't hurt and it needs to be done. Do you have any questions?"

Belinda asked, "Are you sure it won't hurt? Can Britney go before me, please? I want to be sure it doesn't hurt."

"Bea, Honey, I'll let Ben do me first and you will see that it doesn't hurt at all. Go ahead Ben, do me first."

"Ok, Mother. Just think of some nice memory, and I will put the reminder in your head." I entered into my mother's mind and saw us as we were that Saturday morning, with me sucking her tits. It must have been a real nice memory for her. As I was inserting the reminder message in her head and tying it to a question about the ring or my gift, I saw another thought in my mother's head. She was lying on her bed naked and I was between her legs, kissing and licking her wonderful pussy. Thank God I was sitting at the table, as my cock sprang to attention immediately. I could see what my sweet mother had in store for me, this evening! Anyway, I finished up and told her it was done.

"See, Belinda? There is nothing to it. It didn't hurt a bit. In fact, I feel fine. You're next. Go ahead, Ben, you can do Belinda next."

"Bea, relax, think of something nice, and I'll do the rest." I searched her mind for a place to consolidate all her thoughts about my gift and then inserted the reminder. That was easier this time than when I did it for Mom, and then I thought about Mom and myself. I put in a command that she should ignore all things romantic, concerning her mother and me. Then I left her with a very nice feeling.

"Well Belinda, how do you feel?"

"I feel dreamy and my head doesn't hurt at all. Thanks, Ben."

"Britney you're next, just think happy thoughts."

I entered Brie's mind and saw all of us at Disneyworld, having the time of our lives. We hadn't been there yet, but this was something she dreamed about. I inserted the two red flags, one about my gift, and the other about Mom and me. Then I linked with Mom.

'Can you see what I see in Britney's mind? She is dreaming of Disneyworld with the four of us having a great time. Do you think we can manage that this summer?'

'Ben, I don't see what Britney sees, but I can get some of the ideas from your mind. I think that would be a wonderful idea. I will make the arrangements Monday morning, as soon as I get to work.'

"All done, now! See, it didn't hurt even a little bit. Also I think Mom will have a surprise for us Monday evening."

"Mommy what's the surprise?" chimed in Britney and Belinda in unison.

"It wouldn't be a surprise if I told you all about it, now would it? Ben has been a naughty boy, reading Mommy's mind about surprises. I will have to figure out some appropriate punishment for that." Glancing at the clock, Mom said, "Ok, everyone, time to load the dishwasher. Then you two young ladies need baths or showers before getting ready for bed. After you're clean you can come down for some TV, and some ice cream for dessert. Now hop to it!"

We all helped cleaning the table and getting the dishes loaded and then the two girls took off for their baths.

Mom said to me, "Come here lover. I need some more kisses."

I went to Mom, and held her, and then gave her a long, sexy kiss with lots of tongue and passion. I also rubbed her tits through her blouse and she moaned into my mouth. I could feel her nipples hardening, so I pinched one hard, and she swooned. I had to hold her up as she just went limp on me. She broke the kiss and whispered into my ear.

"Ben, what you do to me is a crime. I have never felt this turned on, before. I have to keep changing my panties, due to the wetness that keeps coming from my pussy. I have on my fifth pair today, and you just soaked them through. If this keeps up, I may have to start wearing a pad again."

"Well, maybe after we have sex, it might just slow down. Don't feel like you are the only one, I have one of the worst cases of blue balls I've ever had. I have been hard almost all day, too. I had to jack off twice today, just so I could take a leak. We are just like a kid with a new toy! We just can't wait to play with it again. What do you say we retire to your room, lock the door and get rid of some of this frustration? We don't have much time, only about half an hour until the girls come looking for us. It seems to me, someone wanted a tongue bath by a certain 'man of the house'."

Giggling, Mom scampered off to her room. I was trailing behind, looking at her magnificent ass as she ran. I found Mom already naked and on her bed, spread eagled and pulling on her nipples as I entered her bedroom. Her clothes were everywhere; her bra was even hanging from the ceiling fan. I stripped slowly to a bump and grind song in my head, teasing her mercilessly.

Once naked I jumped on the bed landing between her thighs. I was unsure of myself, but pressed on. I licked my tongue from just below her slit to just past the top of it. Mom shivered, and pulled a pillow to her face and moaned loudly into it.

Her lower lips were parted, so I ran my tongue inside of her, and just slathered her insides. Her legs slammed into my head and she screamed as her whole body stiffened and her ass rose off the bed. I was being squeezed to death by her thighs and then just as suddenly, she was limp. I pulled the pillow off her face so she could breathe better.

Then I moved her so we were in the classic '69' position. I rolled on top of her and started kissing her thighs and mound. She came to, and saw my hard dick in her face leaking pre-cum. and practically swallowed my cock.

Almost as soon as my dick was in her throat I came, shooting what felt like buckets of cum, down her throat. Mom was swallowing as fast as she could but I was shooting so much and so fast, her mouth could not contain it all and some leaked out. She finally came up for air and asked if I would go get a warm washcloth for her.

I cleaned myself off first, and rinsed out the washcloth and went back into the bedroom. I cleaned my mother's mouth, neck, and thighs and put the washcloth on her nightstand. I rolled back over on the bed and opened my arms; she slid into a tight embrace. Mom nuzzled my neck and kissed me there.

She then said, "I have never felt like this since ... well, I have never come this much, or so often and certainly not this hard. I never knew sex could be this good. Don't get me wrong, it was good with your dad when we made love, but not like this. I feel so loved and when I am with you ... either in person, or in my mind ... I feel as though nothing bad can happen to me. You are my protector, my lover and my soul mate. I feel so warm and comfortable with you, that I just want to curl up and purr."

"I know what you mean, I feel as though we are one person in two bodies, kind of like two halves of one whole. It has gotten stronger every time we are close to each other like this. We don't have much time; we need to be out of here before the two little ones start looking for us. I did leave a forgetful message to Bea and Brie in their minds regarding us in any romantic setting or if I kiss and hug you a lot. I don't want to push that too much to begin with. So shall I dress you, or should we do it separately so nothing gets started again."

Mom giggled and said, "I think if I tried to dress you we would never get out of here until I had to leave for work Monday morning. With it being Saturday night, I would probably be walking bowlegged by Monday. Now get dressed, then reach up and get Mommy's bra off the ceiling fan for me."

I stood on the bed and pulled Mom's bra down for her. I dressed as fast as I could, and left Mom to get dressed by herself. I knew just what she meant. I didn't want to leave, either. I went into the family room, or 'parlor', as it was called in olden times. I turned on the TV looking for something good to watch.

Edited by albatrs89 & Max41885
Final edit by an 'anonymous friend'
Proofing by prissy_35503
Chapter 4
Home | Top | Barneyr's Page |   Feedback to author


Home | Barneyr's Page « The Ring of Control Index « Previous - Settings
Chapter 4
Posted: March 06, 2012 - 08:21:36 am

I had just set down when Bea came into the room wearing her nightwear. She had on one of Dad's old t-shirts. It came almost to her knees. She plopped down on the sofa, and I saw a glimpse of bare legs half way up her thighs. She pulled the t-shirt down and started watching the TV.

"Ben, do you love me?"

"Of course I do, Bea! Why would you ask such a silly question?"

"Well, you haven't hugged me all day, and I saw you hugging Mom, earlier, and I guess I got jealous, and I thought that you didn't love me, 'cause I don't have boobs, not like the other girls do," she said in a rush, without a pause.

"That's ridiculous, Bea. Come here, and sit on my lap, so I can hug you, and make you feel loved. You know I love you. I love all of our family: you, and Britney and Mom."

Belinda rushed over and crawled into my lap. I hugged her and kissed her forehead and then kissed her on the mouth and pulled her close to my chest.

I whispered into her hair, "Bea, just remember that I will always be your brother, and I will never stop loving you. I don't care if you never have boobs, I'll love you forever. As for boobs, you seem to be growing some, there. I can see some bumps in your shirt. You will get them soon."

"But Mary Lou Singer has big ones, and she's as old as me," she said sobbing into my shirt.

"Bea, honey, some people develop early, some later. I know of three girls in my class at school, who are not any bigger than you are, in the boob department. They got some teasing last year, but I'll bet that when we go back to school in the fall, they will all be just as big as the other girls. Summer is usually when kids grow the most. I'll bet that you will be bigger, too, before we start school in the fall."

"Do you really think so? What will you bet, Ben?"

"Tell me something you really want that I can give you, if I lose. Then I will tell you something I want, if you lose."

"I want a movie date with Billy Hansen. He's one of your friends, isn't he? Anyway, I want a movie date with him after we get back to school in the fall, even if I don't have big boobs. You can do that can't you?"

"Yes, I think I can get Billy to go for that ... but that might happen, anyway. He was asking about you just last week, right before we finished school. He wanted to know if you were going out with anyone. I told him Mom wouldn't let you date until next school year. I asked him why, but he just said he was only asking to be polite. I think there was more to it, though. Haven't you noticed how he looks at you when he's over here swimming, and we're goofing off?"

"You mean Billy asked you especially about me? Oh! My! God! Billy Hansen asked about me! I can't believe it! Billy Hansen asked about me!"

"Yes he did. Now, let's see ... What I want, if you lose. Uhmmm ... how about you do all my garbage duties, for a week? Does that seem fair?"

"Yuck, can't you think of something else that's not so gross?"

"Well, I can think of something else; but it has to be our secret, for now. I want you to find out if Victoria Sterling likes me."

"Oh, so you like Vicky Sterling huh? She's Coleen's big sister, isn't she? But she's fifteen already, and going to be sixteen, shortly. Why would she go out with you ... she's going out with Clint Walker, I think? She changes boyfriends like I change underwear. Besides she only dates much older guys. Clint is, like, eighteen, and out of school, now."

"Well, yes, but I wanted to see if I could get a date with her anyway. But we now have a problem, how are we going to measure your growth? You could have Mom measure you each week..." the look on her face and the panic in her mind, told me that wasn't an option. " ... well there is Brie, but she's not too reliable. You can't very well do it yourself, can you? How about your friend Shelby, she could measure you and then you could measure her."

"Ben I could never trust her for that. I guess we will have to wait and see if they grow by September ... OR ... you could do it! Would you Bennie? I know you won't embarrass me, or laugh 'cause I don't have anything, yet."

I hadn't even had to nudge her in that direction, but hey, don't look a gift horse in the mouth, right?

"Well, I suppose I could do it. I can set up a table on your computer. We can measure you each week, and maybe take pictures of before and after. I can also do some research to see if there are things we can do, to help them grow."

"Oh, Bennie, would you? I love you, Bennie. You're the bestest brother in the whole world. I know I can trust you. But only the top ... nothing else, promise?"

"Yes, Bea, I promise. No bad touching, and nothing but your chest area. Okay?"

"Yes, Bennie! Can we do it now, before I go to bed?"

"Sure, Bea. Come on. Let's go up to my room, and get my camera. Then we're off to your room, to measure you, and set up the table on your computer."

Bea ran off to our rooms and I followed, watching her cute little butt bounce with her running up the stairs. I smiled, evilly. I didn't want to make love to her. I thought I could learn more about females in general, though. I got my camera, and a tape measure made of cloth. Then I went to Belinda's room.

I set up the table on her computer and said, "Ok, Squirt, time to take your picture. Just take the shirt off and stand by your closet door. I'll take the picture, and load it on your computer, then label it, with today's date. Then we can measure you with the cloth tape I brought."

Belinda went over to stand by the closet and I noticed that the way she stood, I could see her camel toe. Her panties had been pulled into her slit and she had definitely been excited, or was, now. I could see a wet patch on her panties, and her almost hairless pussy lips thru the cloth. I told her to stand very still and I would take a couple pictures, and see which one was the best.

I zoomed in on her panties and took the first picture, then to her sprouting titties. Then I zoomed out to get most of her chest, and took two more. Her room was bright enough that I didn't need a flash, so I don't think she knew how many pictures I took. I went over to her computer, and plugged in my camera, downloaded the two pictures I made of her whole chest, and the close-up of just her titties.

I said, "Which one do you want to keep, Bea? Or do you want to keep all three?"

Bea looked them over and said, "Let's keep all three, for now. Time to measure."

I got the tape measure and asked her to raise her arms up some and I measured her.

"Its twenty-five and seven-eighths inches, but I noticed that your nipples were sticking out. So each week we will have to make sure they are sticking out so we can make sure of any growth. We better get back downstairs before Mom misses us, and asks questions. I'll just put my camera away and I'll be right down."

I dropped my camera and USB cable on my desk, and went back downstairs to the rest of the family. I had left the tape measure back in Bea's room. We watched some TV for a while and then the girls went upstairs to bed.

Mom and I sat on the couch, and cuddled and talked about what has happened over the past few weeks. We kissed and made out a little, waiting for the girls to get to sleep. Of course we really didn't need to since their bedrooms were on the other side of the house from Mom's room. But we wanted to be safe. We climbed the stairs and headed for the master bedroom. It appeared funny at the time, but we couldn't keep our hands off each other.

Once in the bedroom, with the door locked; Mom shed her clothes like an experienced stripper, teasing me unmercifully. As soon as her bra came off and I saw her tits waving in the breeze, I was hard as a rock. I tried, more or less successfully, to remove my clothes. I kept getting hung up with little things like my belt, my shoes, and my shirt buttons!

Once my mom was naked, she leapt to the center of the bed and crooked a finger for me to follow her. I finally wrestled the rest of my clothes off. I crawled up the bed from the bottom, kissing and licking my way up her beautiful body. I lingered for a while at the juncture of her thighs. She gently pulled me by my ears, to indicate I needed to leave my primary playground and move further up her body. I didn't get the same reaction when my second playground came into view.

I licked, kissed and nibbled her luscious mounds. I teased her boobs and then nibbled and sucked at her nipples. My dick was leaving a sticky trail of pre-cum on my mother's leg as I was pulled into a kiss and hug that made fireworks go off inside my head. As we paused, I opened my eyes and saw the fireworks going off in my lover's eyes as well. While I was lovingly gazing into my mother's eyes, she pulled on my rock hard dick and set it in her slot. I pushed, and she arched, and I sank my diamond hard dick into her scalding caldron of a pussy.

Something happened, then, that I still have a hard time understanding. When I slid to the bottom of her pussy, it was almost like putting a plug into a wall socket. Electricity flowed through us both, yet it was not painful. It felt more like a joining of two powerful forces into one ultimately powerful unit. It seemed, at the time, that we became one whole being; not two individuals, or even two parts of something bigger than either of us could imagine. They say that things become more than just the sum of the parts. It was kind of like that; but much more, and much stronger, too. It is so hard to explain, it has to be experienced even to come close to understanding what this felt like, or what it meant to us later.

This feeling inside me grew and grew, I was almost afraid that I would burst from the pressure building inside me. My body had started the age old process of trying to impregnate a female of the species, and I was sliding into and out of my mother's pussy. She in turn was arching up from the bed driving my rampant rod into her velvety tunnel. I could see in the expression on her face, that Mom felt the same feelings that I was feeling.

The pressure kept building until the dam burst, and my first salvo of sperm rocketed through my penis and shot out into my non-fertile mother's womb. This triggered the big orgasm for my mother as well. She had been having mini-orgasms since I first slid home inside her, but this one was like all the fourth of July fireworks went off at the same time. Rockets launched, bombs burst and the resulting spectacle was awe inspiring and so intense that her eyes rolled back into her head and she was lost in orgasmic bliss.

I continued to blast salvo after salvo into my lover's womb and then finally, after many strong shots, I dribbled some more of my gummy cum into her body. I had been holding myself off of my mother with my arms and toes; but then my arms gave out, and I was no longer able to hold my exhausted body above my lover. I lay quietly on her unconscious body as we rested from our mutual explosion.

I awoke some minutes later, still atop of my mother's body, with my dick still firmly embedded in her velvety furnace. We made love once more as I slowly pulled out and then was sucked back in to her vagina. This time we were not so frantic, and the feeling of oneness persisted as we came together in a much more subdued explosion, but it was an explosive come nonetheless.

I rolled over taking Helen with me. She slowly rose from me, and padded off to the bathroom. A couple of minutes later she came back in with a warm, damp washcloth and lovingly washed my shriveled pole. Mom then went back to the bathroom. When she returned, we spooned. I was behind her as we drifted off to sleep.

Sunday morning dawned peacefully. I awoke with my mother's hand wrapped around my morning erection. I lay there listening to my lover's breathing. Her exhales were tickling my ear and neck. I lay there thinking how extremely lucky I was at this moment. I had found a love whose intensity was almost overwhelming. I had the power of controlling people's minds. Best of all, I was no longer a virgin.

I had made love to a woman, not a girl, but a mature woman; who happened to be my extremely attractive mother. Our love for each other is something that you hear about in songs and books, but you have never heard of anyone achieving. I felt as though I was on top of the world.

I felt the grip on my erection loosen and then tighten, and then slowly the hand started to move up and down on my shaft. I now realized the breathing on my neck had changed from the soft exhale of sleep to a more forceful exhale of an awakened individual. My mother's hand pulled, slightly. I rolled as she scooted her body so that I could lie on my back. When I was completely on my back, my lover quickly straddled me. I was pushed into her steaming caldron of love. Mom leaned down and kissed my lips, and then my eyes, my nose, and then mashed her pouty lips to mine as she experienced a mini orgasm. The kiss was spectacular, fireworks flashed in my head as we kissed.

I tried to help my lover by humping back at her and soon her hips were almost a blur of motion. I was building to a huge climax. I could tell by my mother's breathing that she was, too. Her motions began to be jerky and uncoordinated as her climax built. Then my balls tightened up next to my body and I fired my first shot of sperm for the day, into my lover. Her pussy clamped down on my dick and my second salvo backed up, as the pressure was too great. Then I let loose a torrent of my squiggly wrigglers deep into her non-fertile womb. I wished that she was still complete down there, so that I could get her pregnant with our child.

I guess we were connected mentally, again, as my mother whispered in a breathless voice, "So do I, Son. So do I."

Mom collapsed onto my body and was gone to never-never land. With us still connected both physically and mentally, I joined her in nirvana.

About an hour later, when I awoke, Mom was nowhere to be seen. I reluctantly got up, showered, dressed, and went to my room. I changed clothes, and went down to breakfast.

Mom was in her robe and Belinda and Britney were eating breakfast.

In unison they said, "It's about time you got up sleepyhead. We've been waiting breakfast for you, and got tired of waiting."

"Yes, Ben. Please sit down, and I'll get you something to eat."

She winked at me, and I think I blushed a bit.

"Thanks, Mom, I'll just have some cereal."

"Oh, no you don't, young man! You are a growing boy, and need more sustenance than just cereal. Your eggs are almost ready, and the bacon is already done. So sit down and eat."

"Yes, Mother."

Bea and Brie giggled and then we all started laughing. My eggs almost got burned, but Mom saved them before too much damage was done.

For most of the rest of the day I busied myself with downloading my pictures of Bea, and putting them into a secure folder on which I put a password lock. Nobody could get into it without the password ... well, no one except an expert hacker, like me.

I did some research online about tickets and packages for Disneyworld. I worked up a weeklong package that would entertain all of us. I also printed out a three-week package, that would include all of the attractions in the Orlando-Kissimmee area. I'd have Mom look them over later today or tonight ... well, maybe not tonight. I think she has some more plans for us tonight. More likely the same as last night. Like, I'm going to complain? NOT!

After all the researching, I thought about maybe some of the other kids in our neighborhood and what the girls looked like. We had the only Olympic size pool in the neighborhood except for the Sheldon's, but they lived three miles down the street, really out in the country. Most of the lots around our home were in the seven to ten acre range, although ours was larger because we backed up to a ten acre wooded area that my great grandfather bought and never used. It was for investment he said. He figured that timber would be worth a lot more when it became scarce. He was right, that ten acres was worth better than $20,000 per acre for the land and then you add the timber. Because it was 'old growth', it was worth about twenty times as much.

With it being summer now, and with us having the biggest pool, most of the pool parties were at our house. The kids would ride their bikes over to our house, and then either jump right in, or change in the large pool house behind the garage.

I think the pool house was originally the servant's quarters, when the main house was built. The pool house had been set up as a guest cottage, for a while. Then, when the pool was put in, it served as a pool house/changing room/shower room. There was a large main room with lots of chairs, and a bathroom that had been enlarged into one of the former bedrooms. There were now six shower stalls with curtains in the bathroom, plus three commodes, with stalls and three-quarter doors. There was a smaller bedroom in the house, also.

So I knew a pool party was scheduled, probably for tomorrow, Monday. There would probably be other parties all week at our house, or someone else's. I started thinking about all the girls, nine in all (counting my sisters) who came over here to play in the pool.

The younger kids ... nine and under ... usually played at the Swanson's or Anderson's, because neither Carol nor Sally worked. They stayed home and babysat the rest of the younger children in our group, for the parents that did work. Besides, both of their pools were a lot smaller than ours, and the Anderson's had a small wading pool for the really little ones.

Starting with Britney at age 11 all the way up to Caitlyn and Katie at 14 there were some very fine females here to look at. I wondered if I could come up with a game about people's full name, you know see if the whole name fit the person or sounded strange. I would try that tomorrow at the pool, then take each one into the pool house to speak to them about their name. That way nobody would be embarrassed. Then, once I knew their names, I could maybe fool around with some of the girls.

So that was my plan for tomorrow, or whenever the pool party came here.

Another thing was that I would have to work out a schedule for checking Bea's boob development. I guess every three days would be good. But how do I work into my sucking on them or maybe even my coming on them and rubbing my semen into her breasts.

I did some research on the internet and in medical journal articles, and found a couple of natural breast enhancement products that allows your body to jump start the process that occurs naturally in puberty to grow breast tissue. They were a slow process, taking at least six months for a one to two cup size growth in adult women, but then with naturally occurring puberty and the herbal enhancement, Belinda could possibly grow larger, faster.

This, in turn, would be a boon for me and for her. Especially as she would perceive that I was the one who had caused all these wonderful things to happen. I would have her gratitude on my side, too. I think I will tell her about what I found out.

I called Bea in my mind, 'Bea, when it's convenient, can you come to my room? I can now show you what I found out about some things, about making your boobs grow.'

'You found something to make my boobs grow? Oh boy! I'll be right there. I'm at Marcia's but I'm coming right home. You want me to come to your room?'

'Sure, that's fine. I can show you what I found out.'

Bea showed up about fifteen minutes later, and I showed her the web sites that talked about natural breast enhancement, and showed her the herbs like Fenugreek, Saw Palmetto, Wild Yam, Fennel and Dong Quai. Here is why it works ... Fennel stimulates the breast enlargement effects of estrogen. Saw Palmetto stimulates Prolactin - a hormone that encourages breast enlargement and development. Wild Yam helps increase the effects of Fenugreek. If liquid extract is put into creams it is easily absorbed and will make the fat cells increase, which leads to a fuller and rounder breast. Fenugreek stimulates the production of Prolactin also. It also has similar effects to estrogen. It encourages tissue growth. Dong Quai should be used only if a doctor okays it, first.

We figured that the Dong Quai was out. But the other herbs would be what we were looking for. I asked if she wanted me to send for the pills or cream they advertised.

She said, "Maybe. I guess we could try the pills and creams, first."

So I ordered the pills and the cream, using Mom's name and credit card number. I knew the package would come here during the day, and I could sign for it, for Mom.

"Bea, I thought we could work on a once every three day schedule for checking your progress. That is, if that's all right with you? We can do it right before bed, after you've had your bath or shower. Does that sound ok?"

"Sure, Bennie. I can't believe that you are doing all this for me. You must really like Vicky Sterling to go to all this trouble just to see if she will go out with you."

"Belinda, honey, I'm not doing all this just for her. Actually, I'm doing all of this just for you. You're my sister, and I love you. I want to help you with your problems."

Bea hugged me and kissed me saying, "Oh, Bennie, I love you, too. Thank you for helping me."

Bea went scampering off on cloud nine. I then called Mom, 'Mom, do you have some time to come to my room to discuss some things about the Disney trip?'

'It will be a few minutes, if that's all right, Ben.'

'That's fine, Mom. I just wanted to show you what I had found out, so you could make a decision based on how much time you think you could get for your vacation.'

'Thanks, Ben, I'll be up in a little while.'

'Ok, Mom.'

My mother had received a degree in business management and had joined a small company that contracted out administrative people for temporary work, or temporary-to-permanent jobs to employers in the area. It was a small company, and had probably only a hundred people available for temporary work. These were mainly housewives that, due to one thing or another, had left the business environment. They found they still needed the odd job now and again, so they signed up with my mom's company. After about five years the business had built up to where they had accountants, file clerks, general administrative assistants, and even inventory control clerks on their rolls of people available.

The company grew and within another three years Mom had moved into upper management. She was recruiting both for the company, and going out to employers who were looking for temporary help. The business made a name for themselves via the quality of people they had available for employers. Many other companies contacted them when they were looking for permanent employees. They could hire people on contract and then if they really worked out, they would hire them for their company. So after eight years with the company, Mom was pretty high up in management, and had even gotten them to open offices in the surrounding ten counties around our city of El Dorado.

That was why I'd made two different plans: one for a one-week stay, and one for a three week stay. It all depended on whether Mom could get the time off, and how much time off.

I heard a knock, so I said, "You can come in, Mom."

"How did you know it was me Ben?"

"The sound seemed to come from higher up on the door than if it was Bea or Brie, so it had to be you."

"Boy, do I have a smart son or what? Ok, let's see these packages you have planned out."

Mom and I went all over the packages that I had planned out, then we looked at a couple more that we could have worked in, leaving a couple of others out. Money wasn't the deciding factor. The venues were the main concern. We ended up with three packages: one week, two weeks and three weeks. Mom would talk with her boss, Jessica, tomorrow. She would find out how much time off she could get, and when she could get it. That would determine which package we would use.

"Mom, I sure hope you can get three weeks, I know this would be the chance of a lifetime for Britney to be able to spend so much time there, now. She's at the age where this may not seem important in a couple of years, so now is the time to make the most of it."

"You are right, again, Ben. I can see her already starting to outgrow the doll and stuffed animal phase of her life. This is the perfect time. The fact is that I have never been there either, so this will be a big memory for me, too. I'm sure Belinda will love it too. Thanks for being such a caring brother and son. I guess I never realized how mature you were before all this with the ring and everything. You seem to have become a man in more ways than one, recently. I, for one, love it."

Mom hugged me and kissed me with one of her toe curling kisses. I almost expected to see steam come out of my ears like in the cartoons.

I gasped out a reply, "Di ... did you want to fool around a little before supper? I can lock my door and let Bea & Brie know I am not to be disturbed."

"Ben, it's late and I need to get supper started ... Oh sure, why not? You lock up and I'll get ready for you."

I went to the door and locked it as I sent a message to Bea and Brie to not worry where Mom or I were and that supper would be a little late tonight. By the time I turned around Helen was on the bed, spread out like a smorgasbord, I wondered where I should start first, her luscious lips, her tantalizing tits or her wet and juicy cunt. I decided I had time to try all the treats that lay before me. Clothes were flying everywhere and my boxers ended up on my desk lamp and one of my socks was temporarily on the ceiling fan that was on low. It flew off and ended up in my bathroom doorway. I leaped on the bed from about two feet away. I landed beside my mother and started kissing her luscious lips trying my best to give back her toe curling kisses she gave me earlier.

I kissed, licked and softly blew air over every square inch of her face and neck that I could reach. I sensuously moved lower on her body, staying completely away from her nipples and the upper parts of her luscious mounds. I teased her body with nibbles, kisses and licks, and then I softly blew air over her wet and steamy chest. Mom's breathing increased to almost a pant and I pressed on in my teasing. I was getting closer to the tips of her breasts licking and then blowing air on her areolas and straining nipples. I guess Mom had had enough of my teasing as she grabbed my head and pressed it to her left nipple begging me to suckle from her breast.

"Bennie, please suck my tit, just like you did as a baby! Oooohhhhh, suck my tits Bennie, Oh GOOOD! I love you sooooo!"

The last drawn out 'so' was due to the orgasm that ripped through her body, making her arch from heels to head. Her whole body left the bed in an arch as I tried to hang on to her nipple. I clamped down with my teeth, not hard mind you, but enough for her to feel the pleasure/pain of the sensation. As she collapsed, she fainted and stayed out for several minutes. When she came to I was nibbling on her inner pussy lips, teasing her scalding caldron. I was alternatively running my tongue up and down her slot and nibbling on her inner or outer lips, whichever was available to me. Once aroused, I then started fucking my tongue in and out off her hot box. I could hear moans and groans, but no actual words came out of her mouth.

As I moved up to tease her straining clit, I was forcibly moved up her body with a plea of "Oh God, Bennie, put it in me and fuck me HARD!!! I need your hard cock inside me, NOW!"

I complied with her fevered request and turned and put my near six inch shaft of rock hard steel into the slot of her velvety tunnel. Just as I was about to lunge forward, Helen arched her body and I drove home into her inner sanctum. Instead of pounding into and out of her I ground my pelvis around on hers causing my pubic bone to grind onto her erect clitoris. I also varied the angle of my cock inside her sheath, which caused the head of my penis to come in contact with her g-spot occasionally. This made her orgasms build until suddenly I could feel in my mind, her getting ready for the big one, 'le petite mort', the little death as the French say. I concentrated on the feelings I was getting from her emotionally and let it build inside myself as well.

Then it hit, the big one, my balls tightened up next to my body and it felt like a fire hose being opened. A gusher of cum spat from my one eyed monster, followed by several more. At the first splat of my jizz, my mother lost the battle of holding off her impending climax and arched her body, while her pussy clamped down on my spurting cock and milked me for everything I had.

I felt that a Hoover had suddenly been attached to my penis as her pussy muscles strained to pull from me every drop of my essence. At the onset of her orgasm, I think my mom was out of it, but her body craved my essence and took over for her in her unconscious state. I was still being milked when I could no longer hold on and passed out from the sheer pleasure and love that I felt for this woman beneath me, the one who had given me birth.

I awoke some minutes later and looked into the eyes of my lover and saw the love that was being sent my way. I only hoped that what I saw was returned in kind. After lying like that for a few more moments, I rolled over to my side taking my lover with me. We just gazed into each other's eyes feeling the love and passion we felt for each other.

I think it was Mother that spoke first, "We really should get up so I can fix us some supper. But all I want to do right now, is lay here in your loving arms and feel safe and warm and truly loved."

"I know exactly how you feel, Mom, but I think we need to get a move on, before the 'children' get antsy."

"You're right Ben, but, I so want to lay here with you for the rest of my life."

I arose from the bed and went into my bathroom and cleaned off with a washcloth and then rinsed it in warm water, and brought it back to Mom.

After that Mom dressed and went downstairs to work on getting supper ready.

Me, I dressed slowly, and then lay back on the bed savoring the aroma of our mixed odors of lovemaking. I felt that if I were to die right then, I would die a very happy man ... or boy ... or whatever I was.

Edited by albatrs89 & Max41885

Final edit by an 'anonymous friend'

Proofing by prissy_35503
Chapter 5
Home | Top | Barneyr's Page |   Feedback to author


Home | Barneyr's Page « The Ring of Control Index « Previous - Settings
Chapter 5
Posted: March 08, 2012 - 11:49:52 am

Supper came and went and then it was cuddle time in the parlor. I sat in the middle with Mom on my right and Bea on my left, which left Brie on the end, which did not set too well with her. So she decided to sit in my lap. We cuddled together and watched some TV until it was time for baths and bed. Once the girls were sent upstairs to bed Mom and I cuddled on the couch and ended up dozing off, before long. I awoke with my mother staring at me.

"Mom, what's that look for?"

"I was just watching you sleep. You seemed so calm and peaceful. It seemed a shame to wake you. I just can't get over how grown up and mature you are. I don't mean sexually, but there is that part of you that makes me horny all the time too. No, I mean the fact that you seem to be much older than you are. The way you walk, the way you talk, the things that you know and can do. It's like suddenly there is a twenty-year old man inside the body of a fifteen year old boy. Since you found that ring you are a different person, older, wiser and more confident. I'm not saying it's a bad thing; but it's just so different from the baby boy I knew, just weeks ago. Now you have turned into a young man, one that I am so very proud of. I know this sounds silly, but would you come upstairs with me and let me make love to you for a change. There will be much in it for me too, so don't worry, but let me do all the work this time, OK?"

"Yes, Mother, I will be anything you want me to be. I only want to be yours, body and soul. You can do with me what you want anytime; just as you are mine, anytime I want, too. It is more of a mutual thing than who does what to whom. I love you with all my heart."

I could see my mother trying desperately to hide her tears of joy.

I said, "Helen, let it out, cry all you want as I know they are tears of joy. Come, let us retire to the bedroom and see if I can kiss those tears away and extinguish the burning fire in our loins for now."

Through tears of laughter and joy, she said, "See what I mean, no teenager talks like that. Those are the words of a mature, self confident man, not a fifteen year old kid. Now get upstairs before I have to get stern with you and maybe paddle your rear end. Say that might not be a bad idea, now git!"

I got up from the couch turned around and stuck out my tongue and wiggled it up and down and then ran for the door and up the stairs. I made it to the master bedroom before Mom and was in the process of stripping off when she entered the room and locked the door.

"Freeze Mister!"

I stopped as I was pulling my shirt over my head. I didn't move a muscle, although I strained to hear if she was coming over to me. I had pulled my shirt mostly over my head so I was totally blind at the moment, so hearing was my only answer, but the shirt muffled sound. I could tell my mother was in the room by her breathing, but not exactly where she was. I figured she was fairly close because I could hear her breathing.

Suddenly I was turned around, caught in her arms. She started licking places on my chest, staying away from my nipples. She then blew softly over my saliva wet skin, raising goose bumps where ever her tongue had left a trail of moisture. I shivered and shook as the intensity built. I finally knew how my mother felt when I did this to her body.

God, what a turn-on! My prick shot to attention, immediately. It had softened as I had run up the stairs into the bedroom, and now it was a steel spike trying to bust through my boxers and shorts. There was not room for my penis to be comfortable so it was bent at an odd angle and was getting painful, I tried to speak.

"Mom my dick is..."

"I said 'FREEZE'! That means your mouth, too. I know it's not comfortable for you right now, but that is your punishment for sassing me with your tongue. I'll get there eventually, now hush."

I suffered in silence as my lover tortured me with kisses and moving her tongue all over my chest, except where I wanted her tongue to be. Then my shorts were unsnapped and the zipper was slowly pulled down. The slowness was agonizing and yet sensual in a perverse sort of way. Once unzipped all the way my stiff cock was allowed some room to try to straighten to an upright position and bulged in my boxers. Helen ran her fingernails backwards down my chest, dragging them like that, and left goose bumps in their wake. She then dragged them the other way around down my hips and over the bulge in my boxers causing many tremors and explosions to go off inside my head.

She then knelt down and kissed and licked all over my erection wetting the material and driving me crazy. As soon as she pulled the waistband of my boxers down my body my balls tightened up and as I was ready to come all over her and I felt a painful pinch right between my balls and the start of my shaft. Suddenly I no longer needed to come at that moment, however it didn't last.

The reason for that, is that my mother suddenly engulfed my rod and sank to the bottom of my shaft, allowing her throat to tickle the head of my prick. Then she started humming a tune, known only to her, and that is when I could hold out no longer. I flooded her tonsils with my pent up baby batter. My ejaculation was so powerful it seemed to go on forever as a single stream, rather than the pulses and squirts as usual. About halfway through my explosive cum, a finger was poked into my ass and my prostrate was massaged adding to the intensity of my orgasm. I soon blacked out. When I awoke, I was on the bed and my lover was kissing my eyes awake.

I couldn't find my voice, but I croaked out, "I ... er ... how ... emmmm."

I gave up on talking and just enjoyed the feeling of such euphoria.

"You just relax. There is more in store for you, young man. I plan on draining your balls, tonight. You will not be able to get hard tomorrow until I get home from work, if I have my way about it. You have drained me for two days now. Tonight, it is my turn to show the love I have for you."
Monday, June 6th, 2011

I won't bore you with the details of that night, mainly because it is all a blur to me, even now. But by about one AM, I was exhausted and bone dry in the semen department. I don't think I could have gotten hard if my life depended upon it. Needless to say, I slept so soundly that I didn't even hear Mom's alarm in the morning. I was forced out of bed, and ensconced into my bathtub. I sat in warm water until it cooled considerably before I could drag myself out, to get dressed and go downstairs. By the time I had, I saw that it was almost ten AM.

Britney found me sitting at the breakfast table, trying my best to eat some cereal. I was spilling most of it back into the bowl, before I could get the spoon up to my mouth.

Brie took pity on me and asked, "Bennie, do you need help. You look awful this morning. Didn't you sleep well last night? Are you sick or something?"

"Yeah, I think it's the 'or something', though. I didn't seem to get enough sleep last night."

Brie took pity on me and took the spoon away from me and stood next to the chair and spoon fed me my cereal.

Then she told me, "Bennie, you go back to bed, now. I'll come wake you for lunch, before the gang gets here for the swim party. That way you can rest for a couple more hours. Do you need help going upstairs?"

"Maybe, Brie. Coming down wasn't so hard, but going back up might be. Could you help me, please?"

"Anything for you, big brother. I love you, Bennie, and I don't like it when you are sick. I can care for you, just like Mommy and you care for me, when I am sick. I can be your nurse for today. Okay, Bennie?"

"I would really like that, Britney. You are one of the very best sisters in the world." Then I whispered, "Maybe the very best, sometimes."

She giggled and said, "I know, Bennie. Sometimes Bea can be a real bitch. Oops! I shouldn't have said that about Bea, but sometimes she can be real bossy and a pain."

"Yes, sometimes she can be a real pain, but we love her in spite of that don't we?"

"Yeah, Bennie, I guess so."

Brie helped me get up after she put the bowl and spoon in the sink to soak. We made it to the stairs and could see Belinda coming down. She rushed to our aid. With the both of them helping, we made it up the stairs and into my bedroom. My two loving sisters fawned over me, and helped me get stripped down to my boxers. Then they put me to bed, and told me in no uncertain terms that I needed to rest and get some sleep. I didn't argue with them. I think I was asleep before they closed my door.

I awoke after Bea shook me several times.

"Ben, it's time to get up for lunch. Are you hungry or do you need more rest? Brie and I were so worried about you! You seemed so sick this morning. Are you going to be all right, now? It's almost time for the gang to come over."

I slowly roused myself from my restful slumber, but my dick had hardened while I was asleep. It had wormed its way out of the slot in my boxers. It was standing tall as I whipped the covers from my body. I slid around, and sat on the edge of the bed. Then I rose to a standing position, and raised my arms in a stretch as I yawned. I slit my eyes again and watched Bea concentrate on my engorged member waving in the breeze.

As my arms came down after a few seconds, I faked that I just realized I was exposed. I turned quickly apologizing profusely.

"Bea, I'm so sorry, I didn't know I was exposed like that, please excuse me for that. I should have checked myself before I got up. I'm so sorry."

"Ben, there is no need for you to be sorry. I should have turned away when I first noticed it, but I have never seen anything like that. I mean sure, I've seen thingies on babies, but they were so small. They're not all big and stiff like yours. How come it was sticking up like that? Is there something wrong, is that why you are sick?"

"No, Bea, there is nothing wrong with that. Sometimes it gets stiff like that when I sleep, they usually call it a 'piss hard-on'. When I wake up, I have to go pee really bad. It gets stiff like that, until I can pee. Sometimes it gets like that when I see a very pretty girl or woman, especially ones in skimpy bikinis, like you are."

"You mean I made that get hard just by being in this bikini? You're fibbing me, Benjamin Hamner. Now you take that back. I'm your sister; you can't be getting all hard and everything because of me."

"Come here, Bea, please? I won't hurt you I just want to hug you and let you know that even though you are my sister, you are also a very pretty girl. That thing down there doesn't have a brain, it just reacts to what I see ... and what I saw, was a very pretty girl in a very skimpy bikini! It reacted to that. Do you see, now? I'm extremely sorry that I embarrassed you, but you kind of embarrassed me, too."

"You really think I'm pretty, Bennie?"

"Of course I do, Bea. I love you, and you are very beautiful to me. That is why I had the reaction I did. I don't have to pee, so it had to do with seeing you. Do you understand, now?"

"I ... guess so. I guess you really like me, huh?"

"No, silly! I don't just like you. I love you. You're my sister and I love you like a brother should. Okay, now?"

"Okay, Bennie. You need to get your suit on. Everybody is going to be here very soon. Oops, too late. I can hear someone outside, now. I'd better get down there, 'cause it's just Brie downstairs to greet everyone. Hurry up, sleepyhead!"

She was gone like a shot.

I donned my baggy swim trunks and headed downstairs to the pool area. I grabbed a large glass of water before I left the kitchen, and noticed that Brie and Bea had set out lemonade in a cooler, with plastic cups. They also had a cooler of ice. It sure was nice to have your own industrial icemaker in the pantry.

Now, for our close neighbors there were: the Heller's; the Swanson's; the Longstreet's; the Stevens'; the Jamison's; the Anderson's; the Swenson's; the Malmstrom's; and the Collins family. The rest of the homes either didn't have children or they were much younger or a lot older than us. So let's see ... our pool party buddies were: Cindy Heller, 13; Carol Swanson, 12; Katie Longstreet, 14; Ken Stevens, 16, and his sister Mary, 13; Caitlyn Jamison, 14 and her 11year old brother Brandon; Bradley Anderson, 10; Gary Swenson, 17; triple M or Marcia May Malmstrom, 13, if you want to be technical. Then there is Jack, 14 and Sarah Collins, 10; that round out the bunch that normally come over to our house, to swim each afternoon during the summer months.

[See the cast list for descriptions of each of the characters, especially the swim buddies-BR]

Shortly after everyone was here, we swam for about an hour. Then we were laying around on chairs and lounges when I thought it was time for the game I had thought up.

"Hey, everybody, I have a new game I just thought up. I got to thinking about peoples full names, like Bea here. Her full name is Belinda Marie; that kind of goes together, and mine is Benjamin Martin, but Brie's is Britney Alice. That doesn't really flow, like it should be something like Britney Renee or Britney Jean. Now, how about some of the rest of you? Ken, what is your full name. I know the initial is F, so is it Frank, or Francis or what?"

Ken reluctantly spoke up and said, "Actually mine is Franklyn, you know Kenneth Franklyn Stevens. That really kind of goes together doesn't it? I never realized before, but it does."

Ken is sixteen, and is the oldest member of our group. He is in great shape, as he is on the swim team at high school, as well as the baseball and basketball teams.

Jack came next and said, "Mine's John Robert Collins, but everyone calls me Jack because somehow John Robert gets turned into Jack for a nickname."

Jack is fourteen. He is tanned and fit from swimming, and from Pony League Baseball.

"Right! Now, how about one you girls give us your full name?" I asked.

Katie spoke next, "My name is Katherine Beatrice Longstreet. My grandmother's name is Beatrice, that's why I have that name. Sometimes I'm called 'Little Bea" when we are at her house. I guess it makes her feel good that I am named after her."

Katie is thirteen, and is starting to develop boobs, not much yet, probably the size of a half a tangerine, more like a puffy than a real boob. She has a brother, Paul, who is seventeen, and is not a part of our group. Her mom died of cancer about four years ago, so it's just the three of them at her house.

Bea spoke up and said, "My friend at school is Mary Lou Simpson, but everybody calls her Mary Lou, how come they don't just call her Mary?"

Jack said, "I think it's because there are a lot of girls named Mary, so it is easier to call her by both names. I know Mary here is sometimes called Mary Beth although I think her middle name is Elizabeth not Beth, right Mary?"

"Yeah, sometimes I'm Mary, and sometimes I'm Mary Beth. But I know I'm in trouble when I get called Mary Elizabeth, especially when my mom or dad adds the last name, too."

Mary and several of the girls giggled at that one. Mary is thirteen and is the sister of Ken Stevens. Mary has jutting breasts that look like oranges with a cherry on top.

"Everybody knows Marcia's middle name is May, that's why we call her 3M, for Marcia May Malstrom," said Mary.

Marcia is thirteen and at four-foot ten, is by far the shortest one in our group. Britney at eleven is about a couple inches taller than 3M. Marcia only weighs about ninety-five pounds, but most of that weight is in her tits. I think she wears a 34C bra. Let's see...

"Marcia May Malstrom, answer me in your mind. Just think the answer and I will hear it, do you understand?"

"Yes, Master! What do you want to know?"

"What size bra do you wear?"

"I wear a size 34C, Master."

"Thank you 3M. You will forget this happened until I call you this way, the next time. Do you understand?"

"Yes, Master, I will forget this until you call me in my mind, again."

I left Marcia's mind then and went back to the conversation at the pool.

I asked, "What is your full name Carol?"

"Mine's Carolyn Marie Swanson. It sounds pretty good all at once doesn't it? Brandon, what's yours?" she asked.

Carol is almost twelve, and is a little chunky, but a lot of her weight is in her tits. She is about a 32B cup, and all the boys are after her to see her tits, as well as 3M's. Carol has yet to develop a girlish figure, though her hips and waist are rounded from the weight she carries.

"Mine is Brandon Clay Jamison. How about you Caitlyn?"

Brandon is the youngest at eleven. Brandon is younger than Britney by seventeen days.

"Brandon you know mine is Caitlyn Mosher Jamison. The Mosher is from my Mom's grandmother. That was her maiden name before she married Grandpa Sheldon. Cindi and Gary are the only ones left, who goes first?"

Caitlyn is fourteen, and has gorgeous breasts, probably the best in the lot. She is about a 34B. Her breasts don't seem as large as 3M's, but they look more natural on her than Marcia's does.

Gary spoke first, "My name is Gary Olaf Swenson. My middle name is my great grandfather's first name."

Gary is seventeen and is the tallest among us. Gary keeps in shape with basketball and football, plus swimming.

"Ok, Cindi. It's your turn," I said.

My full name is Cynthia Lynn Heller, but I shortened it to Cindi, with an 'i' not a 'y'. Everybody whose name is Cynthia is called Cindy with a 'y', so I thought I would be different."

Cindi is thirteen, and does not have much of a girlish shape, yet, either.

"Actually, Cynthia Lynn sounds much nicer than Cindi Lynn. If you were a Cindi, then Cindi Lou would sound sweeter," I ventured.

We talked and swam some more, and then I went into the pool house to pee. I meet Caitlyn coming out of the bathroom. I said 'Hi, ' and she said 'Hi' back.

Then I said in my mind, 'Caitlyn Mosher Jamison, come to me, Ben Hamner.'

"Yes, Master," was her verbal reply.

I led her back to the bathroom and then into the bedroom and locked the door.

'Caitlyn, take your bikini off and stand before me!'

"Yes, Master."

She complied readily. Once nude, I had her sit on the double bed in the room, and spread her legs. Her pussy opened up to me and I stared at the opening and then ran my finger around the outer lips. I tried to sink my finger into her opening, but she was still a virgin. Who would have guessed that at almost fifteen, she still retained her virginity?

I was not about to defile her and ruin her life, so instead I kissed and licked her pussy until she came with loud shrieks and moans. I was a little worried that someone would hear her screams, but there were a lot of screams going on out in the pool area. Once done, I had her dress and left her with the following message.

'Caitlyn, you will leave here the way you came in. You will not remember what happened in here, unless I tell you to, do you understand?'

"Yes, Master. I will remember nothing about this until you tell me to."

'Now go.'

"Yes, Master," she said and left by way of the bathroom.

Wow, that was such an intense moment! It was almost unreal in its simplicity.

I felt a power within me that I had never felt before. I literally had the power of life or death over Caitlyn. It was awesome, yet it also gave me a very sick feeling in the pit of my stomach, too. It reminded me of three sayings I had heard most of my life: 1) be careful what you wish for, as you just might just get it; 2) With Great Power comes even Greater Responsibility; and 3) Power corrupts and Absolute Power corrupts absolutely.

I could now see what these three sayings really meant. I had put on the ring wishing for something unattainable at the time, power over others. That power came with a great responsibility; which was to use the power wisely and for good, not evil, deeds. With the feeling of having the power of life or death over Caitlyn, it hit home that that kind of power could corrupt me forever, if I let it. I would have to watch myself very closely, to make sure it didn't.

Edited by albatrs89 & Max41885

Final edit by an 'anonymous friend'

Proofing by prissy_35503

I decided that twice a week was not fair to my fans, so I may be able to add a Saturday post in once in a while too.
Your opinion is important:
Share with the others what you think about
"The Ring of Control"
     
Switch to Expanded voting form
To Be Continued...

Go to Barneyrs Blog
Last entry on 2011-09-02
Posted: 2012-02-28
Last Modified: 2012-03-08 / 11:49:52 am
Home | Top | Barneyr's Page |   Feedback to author
