Home « J. Ben Fecking's Page - Settings
To Kneel
by J. Ben Fecking
Copyright© 2008 by J. Ben Fecking


Pages: Prev | 1 | 2 | Next

Sandra and Josie smile down at me, each with a hand on the front of their short skirts. The floor beneath me is wet, enough to soak through my pants at the knees, and I try to ignore the smell. The air is thick with the stink of urea, and the sanitary napkin bins needed emptying weeks ago. The wetness under me, I think, is just water from the sink, but I do not permit much thought on the issue.

Not that a women's bathroom is worse than a men's, but I didn't kneel on the floor of the men's room, not if I could help it.

Had I never met these women, I wouldn't be kneeling in a women's room either.

Sandra, Josie, and I went to the same high school and took all the same classes, mostly because not many upper-level courses were offered. The school board didn't think Advanced Placement was a useful program, since so few people signed on for the classes, but then, there were only four, and only one of each: History, English Composition, Chemistry, and Physics. The best of the best students took these classes because those were the ones who wanted them. The teachers made these courses hard, harder than the college courses they replaced, to ensure the students who signed up were the ones who could make the program successful.

I was one of those students. I am a geek. Grades were important to me, more important than most other things, aside from girls and ... girls were the only thing more important than schoolwork, but since I did schoolwork every day and didn't stutter or blush when homework was assigned, that is where all my attention went. I watched the girls in my classes, analyzed them, their clothing, their behaviors, big and little. I could imitate most of these behaviors, but I did not intend to go that route—I didn't want to be a girl, I wanted to be with girls. I wanted to talk to them, joke with them, befriend them, and, when I was alone in my room and homework was done, I dreamed of touching them.

Dreamed, and nothing more.

Women are compared to a separate species, and I believe the metaphor accurate, to a point. Women are trained to be mysterious, hard to get, and so build a mythos around themselves. Women aspire to become goddesses—they dress in colorful, painful, constrictive, and provocative clothing, hide their acne with makeup, and keep boys at a distance for the first few years of interest. Doing so, they garner our admiration, our dedication, or at least, they gained mine.

Sandra, more than most of the other girls I knew, was closest to ascending into deity. I met her before our first AP class together, but since there are few special classes other than AP, she and I did not share many classes prior to our Junior year.

She wore fabulous clothes. I say this not to sound silly, just to reflect the effort she spent to find and coordinate her clothing. She spent hours, sometimes entire days, driving from second-hand stores to Goodwill to consignment sales and the Salvation Army, hunting for clothing. She dedicated as much time to her appearance as she did to her studies, an attempt to raise her self-esteem and overcome the trauma in her past.

I didn't know these things when I first spoke to Sandra. The first day of AP History, my second period class, she walked in wearing a pair of low heels, a light, flouncing yellow skirt, and a tight button-front blouse, the lacework pattern emphasizing her breasts. I saw this because she sat beside me.

"Ready for college, Tyler?"

I stuttered, of course, and gave some sort of answer.

"Too bad they don't grade these classes double, or something, you know? Like, an A in here counts four eight points instead of four? That way the valedictorian isn't somebody from non-AP."

"The valedictorian is always in AP," I countered, though I don't know how I managed not to stutter.

"Just the right kind of people, right? Are you shooting for it?"

I was. Not intentionally, not at first. My Freshman year, I was freaked out about making good grades. I thought high school would be substantially harder than middle school, and acted to ensure I'd get the same straight A's as I did before. When I found out things weren't as hard—harder, but not as much as I anticipated—I decided to aim for valedictorian. Even if I missed, I'd be in the Top Ten, and that was a good thing for college applications.

So, I stuttered an affirmative, and she smirked at me. "I just don't want to take these classes in college."

We spoke, every day, a little bit at a time. She seemed to understand any more than a little would scare me off, and so she focused on safe, short topics. At the time, I was overjoyed a girl would talk to me. I didn't know she had an ulterior motive.

Right before Christmas break, she introduced me to Josie. Josie sat on Sandra's other side, and they chatted when Sandra wasn't speaking to me. Unlike Sandra, Josie bothered less with the "fabulousness" of her clothing and focused on fit and form. She liked t-shirts that didn't quite reach her waist, and her coats hung a bit farther, so her bare skin touched the leather. Her skirts came in all lengths, but they were tight to her hips and flared at the legs unless they were mini, those exactly two inches above her knees, the dress code length. She wore jeans that displayed her butt perfectly, no matter how she stood or sat, and several of these dipped very far forward on her abdomen. I remember her getting sent home once when she stretched to write something on the board: Sandra said that the teacher must've noticed Josie didn't shave that morning.

At the time, I had no idea what that meant.

In February, I found the courage to ask. They laughed at me, then conferred for several minutes.

"Listen," Sandra said, leaning close, "you know that girl's bathroom on the far side of the vo-tech building? The one that no girls actually use because it's too far away?"

I nodded.

"Meet us there after school. If you aren't there by 2:50, we're leaving and you'll never know what we meant, comprende?"

"C-C-Comprende."

They asked a lot of me, sending me through a gauntlet of fellow students who thought I was a pussy and a faggot, and I knew, should I get beaten up and delayed, they wouldn't tell me what I wanted to know. We had an agreement. So, at the end of my last class, I ran across the campus, down the covered walkway between the teachers' parking lot and the vo-tech building, and through a crowd of people, guys mostly, and bigger than me. I was shoved, several times, knocked down and disparaged, but I kept on, my goal clear. I dashed down the stairs, turned right at the auto-repair bay, passed two pairs of bathrooms, then the metalworking area, and finally, at the end of a dim, grimy hallway, found the bathrooms.

The men's side was closed, the door locked and a sign on the door from the principal—several drug users and sellers had been busted inside since the start of the year—but the women's was open. Their door, too, had a sign, also from the principal, threatening suspension, expulsion, and sexual harassment charges to any male who entered. An ironic threat, since the closest coed or all-girls classroom was on the other side of the building, and so the only people who would use this bathroom are boys.

"You made it a minute early," Sandra said, stepping out of the solitary metalworking classroom, Josie behind her.

They intimidated me in normal circumstances, but right then, at the far side of school, everyone packed up and gone, I shivered with fear. These girls could do whatever they wanted to me and leave me handcuffed to the toilet for the janitor to find in the morning. Like what would've happened last time.

I regretted my curiosity more than anything else I've ever regretted. I cursed myself for being so stupid.

Their smiles terrified me. Nothing charitable came from a woman who smiled that way at a man.

"Inside," Sandra ordered, pointing at the bathroom. "Now."

I went into the women's room and they followed. I dripped sweat, and my hands shook. I checked the toilet stalls, wondering if should dash over and puke, or if that would make things worse. In my experience with male bullies, sudden movements prompt cruel beatings.

"Sit against the wall, under the last sink."

I did, leaning forward so not to touch my head to the porcelain. All the other bathrooms had been renovated since the school was built, so now they have counters for the sinks and one long mirror, but this bathroom was the old design, porcelain sinks bolted to the wall with individual mirrors mounted over them and pipes running into the wall. Feeling the pipe against my back, I knew what was coming.

Josie grabbed one hand, Sandra the other, and both wrenched my arms behind me, cuffing my wrists on the other side of the pipe. When the second click sounded, I bowed my head and relaxed, resigned to spending the night here, after what they would soon do to me.

Sandra squatted on one side of me, Josie on the other. "Okay," Josie said, "here's the deal. We don't trust guys. We have reasons, bad ones, so don't ask. You seem nice, and not at all like the other guys we know, so we figured to test you, find out if we can trust you."

"Y-You're leaving me overnight to see if I'll tell?"

Both stared at me with startled expressions, eyes wide and mouths open. "What gave you that idea?" Sandra asked.

"It happened before."

"A girl cuffed in a bathroom and left you?"

"No, a bully at my middle school. He beat me, handcuffed me to the toilet, and beat me more. He would've ... would've..." I started crying, tried to force myself to stop, but that made it worse, and I started gagging on my sobs. As soon as that started, I knew I was moments from puking, and couldn't get a breath to warn them to move. Bullies didn't like it when you threw up on them.

Things got confused for a few seconds, then I found myself being held over the nearest toilet, four hands supporting me while I choked out bologna sandwich and potato chips. When I was done, the hands pulled me back out and knelt me in the middle of the floor, my hands cuffed behind my back. Sandra wiped my mouth with a piece of toilet paper while Josie rubbed my back.

"Are you all right now?"

I looked at Josie, who asked, and at Sandra, who tossed the tissue and flushed the toilet. "I'm sorry," I said, the thing I always say when I don't know what to say.

"Why are you sorry?" Sandra asked, sitting on her heels beside me. "You should've told us something, warned us you didn't want to be bound like that."

I didn't say anything, though I thought, You'd just do it anyway, and laugh as I barfed on myself.

Josie explained, "We just ... need a way to control you. You're not as strong as most guys, but you're still stronger than me, I bet. I'm puny. So ... is the gig up, Sandie?"

"What do you say to this, Tyler," Sandra offered, "you get to talk with two pretty girls about anything you want, and we'll answer most of your questions. You get to hang with us, but you have to wear handcuffs."

I was confused. More than confused, befuddled. "Wha—?"

Josie giggled, then, and stroked my cheek with her finger. "You're cute like that."

"We're straight, stock-solid hetero girls," Sandra stated, "but we don't trust men anymore. Lesbian relationships are not an option because we don't get off on that. We want a man, er, a male around, but one we can control. Think about it: a little concession on your part earns you two girlfriends!"

It was a joke, at the time. Men mistreated them, sorely mistreated them, and they wanted a bit of revenge. Sandra admitted, much, much later, that their treatment of me would've been worse if I hadn't told them my own history, but I knew my place in their lives.

Below.

"As a reward for accepting," Josie said, standing and unbuttoning her jeans, "here's what I got in trouble for."

As I watched, she opened the fly of her pants and showed me her abdomen down to her pubic bone, denuded except for a brown patch right at the top of her pubis. The sight was more than I'd seen, since my computer was porn-blocked, and the sudden stimulation caused a painful erection. Sandra cooed at me, mocking my lack of self-control, and grabbed me to adjust it. I ejaculated in my pants, and she felt it.

Things were quiet for a while, after that first time. A month went by, passing in casual conversation with them, and they didn't mention the event, even though doing so would cause me embarrassment and further exclusion from my schoolmates.

Spring break, according to the calendar, would last a week, beginning on a Monday and ending with Good Friday. After Easter, we'd all be back to class, refreshed and eager for state competency exams. The superintendent didn't expect a heavy snow three days before the break, eleven inches sticking to the roads at the end of March when nothing stuck during all of January and February.

So, Spring break lasted ten days instead of seven, and there was much rejoicing. The day after the snowstorm, the secondary roads were still impassable—by buses, anyway—but the main roads were salted and easily accessible. Especially for a girl who drove a Jeep.

Thursday morning, I was in the living room reading for English when someone knocked on the door. I checked, just to be sure one of my parents hadn't locked themselves out—they did that, once in a while—and saw Sandra and Josie on the front doorstep.

"Care if we come in?" Sandra asked when I opened the door, dangling the handcuffs from her forefinger. She pushed inside, dragging me by my collar to the middle of the living room. In less than a minute, I knelt in the center of the room, my hands restrained behind me. The girls removed their coats, hanging them from the tree by the door.

"Your parents won't be back 'till five, right?" Josie asked. She stretched her arms over her head, showing her flat stomach and inverted navel, then pushed her shoulders back, her breasts distending the shirt. I stared at her, my erection growing already.

"Five-thirty," I answered, the fear returning.

Sandra walked around me, a complete circuit, then stood with her crotch inches from my face. I tilted my head all the way back, trying to not offend her by looking there. As I understood things, if you looked at a girl without her inviting you to, you were molesting her. I've molested a lot of girls, by that understanding, but not that they noticed.

"You were telling us, last time, about being chained to a toilet. What would he have done to you, after the beating?"

"They charged him with attempted forcible sodomy."

"Butt-rape?"

Josie contradicted, "Not male on male. He means," then made a motion with her fist and head.

"Oh. He wanted a hummer?" Sandra took a step back and leaned her face close to mine. "Would you have given him one?"

"He said he'd kill me..."

Sandra grabbed my face and jerked my neck forward. "Let me tell you something, I had to do it and he didn't threaten to kill me. Don't think you're gonna get sympathy from me."

"Y-You had to—"

She slapped me, then turned my whole body toward Josie so she could take a shot. "You can ask any question," Josie ordered, "except about that. Do you understand?"

"Yes, ma'am."

They both wore skirts, a strange choice for the sudden winter weather, but I learned in moments why they chose them.

"So, forcible sodomy is when you're forced to give a blow job, right?" Sandra asked Josie.

"In this state, anyway. Believe me, I know."

"Does that mean all oral sex?"

She shrugged.

Together, they helped me stand. "Go get a bath towel," Josie requested. I went to the linen closet beside the laundry room, backing into the linens grab one off the shelf, and returned with it. As I completed this task, I knew what they were going to do to me, but it wasn't quite the same. I wanted to go down on a girl, and being forced to do so was not so objectionable as a hairy, liquor-stinking bully shoving his dick in my face.

Sandra snatched the towel from my hands and laid it across the middle seat of the couch. She pointed and I knelt in front of it, facing the couch. The girls conferred a moment, then played a quick game of paper-rock-scissors to decide who went first. Josie won the honor.

She hiked her skirt, dropped her underwear, and reclined on the towel, her legs wide, labia less than a foot from my face. Seeing her like that, two or three days of brunette stubble dotting her outer lips, my erection leapt in my pants, snagging the head against zipper. I doubled in pain and groaned.

"Uhn? What do you mean, uhn?" Josie screeched, grabbing me by the hair. "Lick my fucking cunt, you faggot!"

She tasted of salt, sweat-salt, and a sourness I figured for urine. The tastes were weaker near her canal, where she'd begun to lubricate from my first few licks. I took my time, imagined I was doing this for the first time with a girl who cared about me. I wanted to learn what turned her on, what got her going, so I spent some time with her lips, slipping my tongue between the folds. I lapped her opening, which she seemed to enjoy, and pressed my tongue inside, hoping she would like that more.

She burst out laughing. "He's trying to fuck me, Sandie! He's got his tongue stuck up in me. Bet your cock's that size, too, huh?"

She wrenched me by the hair, yanking my face from her pussy. Her juice and my drool dribbled down my neck, soaking into the collar of my shirt. I hoped, when I looked at her, she'd be aroused, excited. She just looked angry: flushed, but angry.

"What size is your dick, anyway? Help me get his pants off, Sandie."

She shoved me onto my side and they unbuttoned my jeans and yanked them down my legs. With a tug, my boxers joined my pants in a pile at the other end of the couch. The wood floor was cold on my bare skin, so I clenched, making my erection stand higher. That motion earned me a kick in the balls.

Hurting, trying not to puke, I curled into a ball and wept. "Go away, please, go away. I didn't hurt you. I didn't hurt you..."

Josie's anger lessened and Sandra, the kicker, seemed close to an apology. They sat me up and Sandra retrieve a bag of frozen peas wrapped in a towel. She held it against my aching scrotum, my flaccid dick laying across her arm. It didn't bother her, not that I could tell.

"You're right, Tyler. You didn't hurt us. I went too far." She sighed. "I owe you one request."

"One request?" My balls ached up into the pit of my stomach. I wanted nothing more than for them to leave me alone.

"Within reason."

"Why are you doing this to me?"

"Is that your request?"

Tears were still dripping from my eyes and my chest was tight with sobs. "This isn't some game for you, is it? If you just wanted to play with me, it wouldn't be like this. What did I ever do to you? I like girls, I like them a lot. I'm not an asshole or a rapist. Please, go away, don't hurt me anymore."

They laid me on the couch, my arms still cuffed. While Sandra got me settled and slid my boxers on again, Josie removed her skirt and sat beside my head. With a little urging, I put my head on her naked lap, still fragrant from her arousal. She played with my hair, brushing it from my sweaty forehead.

"That wasn't the first time, was it?" she asked, her voice a calm, almost motherly. "The first time a bully got you?"

"No."

"It wasn't the first time for sexual violence, either?"

"No."

"Were you raped?"

"Yes."

She paused, then, "Me, too."

"Me, three," Sandra said, returning from the kitchen.

"You're not gay, are you?" Josie asked.

"Not in the least."

"So, the rumors..."

"Are from the rape."

"Did you turn him in? Get him arrested?"

"No. I ... he'd hurt me, really bad. The one who was arrested, he was caught in the act."

Sandra reached behind me and unlocked the cuffs, shifted my hands in front of my body, and locked them again. "You understand our concern, right? To keep you restrained?"

"I do."

"Are you in counseling?" Josie asked, her hands now roving my chest. "If you're not, I know a good one."

"I'm seeing one. He's nice. He ... he's gay, but he knows how I feel."

"Mine's ... he's not Eric, is he?" Sandra inquired.

"No, but in the same office."

"When was this?"

"I was thirteen. Eighth grade."

"Same as me," Sandra admitted. "Well, that's when it started."

"Tyler, if I asked you, would you go down on me?"

What a stupid question. "Yes."

"So, from earlier, you'd have consented, even though we didn't ask."

"I guess."

"Do you want me to lay back, like before, or sit on your face?"

"I still hurt."

Sandra cleared her throat, a guilty expression on her face. "If, uh, if you do her, I'll do you."

"Okay."

So, with a little rearranging, I sucked Josie's pussy at one end of the couch while Sandra sucked my dick at the other. When I managed to give Josie a climax, they traded places, tagging hands even, and I did the same for Sandra.

Sandra didn't shave, though her cocoa-colored hair was trimmed. She had very pink lips and tasted stronger of musk. Her clitoris was bigger, too, large enough that I didn't have to include the hood when I sucked. When she orgasmed, a little bit of moisture hit my lips, a bitter-sweet fluid thicker than urine and far less salty.

After Sandra dismounted, Josie finished me off, her rough, jerking hand-job dulling my orgasm and flicking semen onto my shirt and boxers. She didn't care about the embarrassment of my mother discovering spunk-stained clothes, or even the questions raised when I did my own laundry.

Wiping her hand on my shirt, she grinned at me. "Bet you didn't think you'd get a happy ending, did you?"

The girls dressed, removed the handcuffs, and kissed me on the cheek. "See you later," Sandra said. She waved as she pulled the door closed, a little motion of her fingers.

They left me alone, two kinds of cum drying on my clothes and an ache in my lower abdomen. I thought, in that moment, This must be what it's like when a girl loses her virginity.

I didn't laugh about it then.

I expected them to return during Spring break, but they didn't. After the break ended, everyone in my classes buckled down, studying for AP exams and state competency tests, the first of which beginning in two weeks. Sandra and Josie talked to me in English, and we spent more time than usual with each other in a series of after-school study sessions the teacher arranged.

As before, they never mentioned what we did, or what they did, but once, near the end of a study session, Sandra exhaled in frustration before reaching into her bag for something. She whispered to get my attention, then flashed the cuffs and smiled, as if she was inviting. Scared someone would notice, I ignored her, careful to keep my attention on the practice essay I wrote. She didn't do it again, though I couldn't understand why she did it in the first place: people would ask questions of her first.

By the end of April, I felt ready to ace the AP exams and confident of my performance on the competency tests. Sandra and Josie expressed similar confidence, when we spoke of it, though they were far less sure about the four-hour stricture of our upcoming exams.

I suppose it was stress that brought them to my house on the last Friday of April. My mother, to my unending shame, answered the door when they knocked. Their presence confused her, since I had not mentioned any females in my life, and she knew me to be deathly shy, especially after what happened to me. That two girls showed up on a weekend night to collect her son was a welcome development, and she happily rushed me upstairs to change clothes and "freshen up" so I could go out with them.

That evening was the first time I offered my wrists to them. Josie climbed in the back of Sandra's Jeep with me, handcuffs at the ready, and I presented my hands. My willingness made her pause, but she clapped them on me anyway, then snuggled close, like a girlfriend.

"Where are we going?"

"Thought we'd take you shopping," Josie supplied. "I need some new lingerie and Sandra, well, Sandra is always looking for stuff."

"Okay."

"How's your therapy coming? Any breakthroughs?"

"I-I ... my therapist let me cut back to once every two months. I'm doing okay, that he can tell."

"Was it bad? After it happened?" She rubbed her hands, as if she was cold.

"Yes. I ... uh, I had to be hospitalized for ... injuries. They didn't regulate my morphine supply, didn't think I'd abuse the privilege, but the shift nurse checked on me, caught me..."

"You tried to overdose?"

I nodded.

"Ouch. I hate being on suicide watch. No privacy."

"A detective came by, every day, asking for me to say who did it. Told me the rapist wouldn't get me, even if the prosecution failed. I didn't believe him."

"You should've," Sandra said. "It'd be easier for you to prove you didn't want it than I could."

"I guess."

"The gay rumor, Sandie."

"Oh ... that ... yeah, forget it."

"Why is it like this?"

"Like what?"

"Why do we have to prove we didn't want to be raped?"

"Years of shithead misogynists in power who believe women are permanently consenting to sex. And weaker men, for that matter."

Sandra took the turnpike around the city, exiting for the mall on this side. It didn't bode well that they wanted to go to this mall, a place where we weren't likely to see anyone from school. I wouldn't pass as a woman if they decided to dress me up as one, or hoped I wouldn't: That would be too much for my sanity.

"You can behave if we uncuff you, right?" Josie asked, dangling the keys in my face.

"Yes. You know I will."

"All right, then."

To prove I would be a "good little boy," I stuffed my hands in my pockets and pretended they were still cuffed. They led, I followed, as we entered the mall, headed directly to Victoria's Secret. Once inside the store, the girls picked through piles of panties, more than I'd ever seen in one place before. My mother preferred I not enter a "women's store," for fear I might become a pervert, maybe, so I had little experience with all this. When they asked my opinion, I demurred in a positive way.

"What is your size now, anyway?" Sandra asked Josie as they sorted through a rack of frilly bras.

"I don't know, but I'm smaller. My mom insisted that weight-training would make me a little bigger, you know? Fill my chest wall with muscle and push them out, but I just lost the fat. Here, 36B," she said, passing a lipstick-pink bra to Sandra.

"Thanks." She held it up to herself, for some reason, then looked at me. "What size are you, anyway?"

"I don't know, like I said," Josie replied.

"Not you. Tyler."

"Please don't," I whimpered.

They watched me for a few moments, no doubt tracking the flow of blood from my face and the green hue that replaced it.

"Anyway," Sandra said, like nothing had happened.

After picking several models of bras and complimentary bottoms, they drug me to the changing room and made me stand beside the entrance, facing out until prompted to look. The store was sparsely populated, though a steady stream of women came and went, browsing or refilling necessities. Behind me, the girls chatted over the stall dividers, quiet murmuring I couldn't distinguish with the crowd noise outside.

"Tyler, you can look now."

I turned to see them both shirtless. Sandra's bra lifted her breasts, mounds of jiggling cleavage pushed high on her chest, while Josie's seemed too small, her cleavage squeezed out of her bra in an unappealing way. The effect made me think of clenching a water balloon in the center. I commented on the ill fit, and she gave me a pleased grin.

"Turn back around."

Facing the store again, I tried my best to adjust my erection without it being obvious, and by not being "obvious," my squirming drew a few disgusted glares from shoppers. They didn't report me to the staff, so I must have just been no more than an temporary annoyance.

"What do you think?"

This time, they wore only underwear. Sandra wore matching green, a smooth-cup bra and panties cut high, higher than her hip bones. Josie's lingerie was pastel pink, the bra fitting this time, the band of her panties lower than Sandra's but the front made of translucent material, her patch of hair visible. At the same time, they turned, showing that their panties were thongs, and my dick jumped in my pants, the head bumping painfully against my belt.

"You seem to have a problem," Sandra said, eyes on my pants.

"Think we should do something about that?" She darted a step into the store proper, glanced around to be sure no one was watching, and yanked me into her stall, Sandra on her heels.

The cuffs were on me and my pants pooled around my ankles. The girls conferred in frantic whispers, stripping and putting on their own underwear—didn't want to soil un-bought clothes, I suppose—and forgot for a moment that I was in the stall with them. I saw them naked, Josie's tiny brown nipples crinkled, standing out from heavy breasts, Sandra's large, ruddy areolas capping almost the entire tips of her small ones. Since our last meeting, Sandra had shaved, her pubic hair consisting of a long strip of hair ending at the top of her puffy lips.

Soon, they had dressed, the lingerie sorted between "buy" and "return" on the bench beside me. Grinning, Sandra retrieved a small, square package from her purse. Josie pulled down my boxers as Sandra opened the condom, and they put it on together, one pinching the tip while the other rolled it down my length.

"You know," Josie said, "you're bigger than I thought you were."

The comment did nothing for me, and they noticed.

"How are your balls?" Sandra asked, fondling them.

"Hurt for a while, but no damage."

Josie licked the condom, smacked her lips a few times, and said, "Ooh! Mint."

"Would you prefer spermicidal lubricated?" Sandra whispered back, giggling.

They ordered me to kneel on the bench, so my feet didn't show under the door, and sucked me, passing my dick back and forth, appraising techniques and contemplating on my size and angle. I could tell Sandra had more practice, able to use her tongue even with half my length in her mouth, but Josie could take more, swallowing a little to pull me into her throat. That talent drew a joke from Sandra, who referred to Josie's "big mouth." They rarely stroked, not wanting the pull the condom off by accident, and spent their time bobbing or sucking on the head, a sensation that made my legs go weak.

I got close several times, but they stopped when they noticed, not willing to risk me making a noise.

"We've been in here too long," Sandra insisted, and Josie finally agreed. "You be lookout and I'll get him ready to go."

Stepping out with the items they wanted returned, Josie talked to Sandra about the upcoming exams, hangers clattering as she put them on the rack by the changing room entrance. Sandra tucked my penis, still wrapped in the condom, into my boxers, then pulled my pants up and fastened them. Removing the handcuffs, she kissed me on the cheek and asked something, a code-word I think, and Josie replied with another, signaling it was safe for us to exit.

When they made their purchases and we left the store, Josie leaned close to me and whispered, "So, should we let you cum?"

Sandra said, "You know blue balls are a myth, right? We'd have to blow you almost all day for you to get them."

"We should go to the toy store and get him some blue balls," Josie said, laughing. A woman leading her preteen daughters glared at me, as if I was at fault for the joke. Her two girls just giggled, whispering behind their hands.

"Is he still wearing that condom?" Josie asked.

"Yep."

"How 'bout we make him cum in his pants again?"

As if instinctually, Sandra glanced at the people around us. "Yeah, but not here. Too many people."

"It's gotta be in public, though."
Continues...

Pages: Prev | 1 | 2 | Next

Home - Top   Feedback to author


Home « J. Ben Fecking's Page - Settings
To Kneel
by J. Ben Fecking
Copyright© 2008 by J. Ben Fecking


Pages: Prev | 1 | 2 | Next

Continuation...

"I know. What about..."

She grabbed my hand and pulled me up to the mall guide, a display case taller than I and wider than us abreast. Sensing Sanrda's idea, Josie stood behind and between us, blocking the sight of what happened in that space. When she did, I stiffened, blushing, afraid we would get caught. Their positions set, Sandra wormed her hand into my pocket, pushing my wallet to the side and sliding her fingers against my cock. She stroked me like this several times, both of us glancing nervously at the people passing the guide.

"That's not going to do it," Josie said. "Too little, and nobody stares at these things for long."

"Dammit, you're right. Let's keep moving."

I sighed with relief when her hand withdrew from my pocket. We walked on, pausing every once in a while so one of them could rub me over my pants, maintaining my erection so the condom wouldn't slip off, until finally, frustrated, Josie said, "Let's just take him to the car!"

"I'm not done shopping," Sandra protested.

"You're never done shopping."

Sandra puffed up, as if she intended to continue the argument, then sighed in defeat. "Fine. Let's go, then."

In the parking lot, they snuck a few more feels, brazen from the lack of people. Both kept watch for muggers, mace at the ready. They didn't realize that I was in greater danger in this situation, should we be mugged: An attacker would neutralize me first, then use my injuries as the threat to steal their purses. In the end, I'd be unconscious and bleeding, they'd be safe and out some money and time.

Despite my paranoia, we reached the Jeep without issue.

"So, what do you want to do?" Josie asked, but not to me.

"Up to you."

"We could take him to my house."

"Yeah, or we could drive to that bus lot near mine and not risk your parents finding him. He is a guy, you remember?"

"Whatever. Okay."

Josie sat beside me, opening my pants so she could play with me, keep me ready for what came next. As we rode, listening to a Top 40 station, I realized I didn't feel dread, or fear. I smiled at Josie, and she returned the expression.

"Penny for your thoughts?" she asked.

"I'm not scared of you anymore."

"Me, either."

Sandra said nothing, though her knuckles whitened on the wheel.

The bus lot once belonged to Greyhound, who sold it when they moved their depot to the North part of the city, and now served as a lot for truckers to sleep, maintained by the city. The local police knew teenagers parked there, but the truckers complained more when police patrolled the lot than when people fucked in it, so the issue was moot.

Sandra locked the doors when we arrived, backing into a dark corner to disguise our activity in the rear seat. She turned in the front seat to look at us, but didn't crawl through to join what Josie did. Josie pulled my pants and boxers down to my ankles, effectively binding my hands and feet, then removed her own jeans. Bending down, she sucked on me some more, and I let myself groan. Sandra snickered at my reaction.

"You're going to do what I think, right?" she asked.

"You don't mind, Sandie?"

For a moment, Sandra's face crunched, as if she wanted to keep tears at bay, then sighed. "No, it's okay. Enjoy yourself."

"What's going on?" I asked, aloud, against my intention.

"I'm going to take your virginity, your real one," Josie announced. "Don't move when I start, okay? It's been a while, and I'm gonna be tight."

After applying a new condom, she slipped out of her panties, straddled my lap, and leaned to her left to recline the seat. Not sure what to do with my hands, I held them against my chest. My nerves returned, the same as when she first presented her pussy, and my body shivered in anticipation, my mind already willing my body not to orgasm the moment I was inside her.

Rising to her knees, she reached down and aimed me, the heat of her arousal warming the head of my dick as she lowered onto it. Because of the condom, I didn't feel her very well, just the slippery surrender as her body relaxed around me. I guess unprotected sex would be better, like I could feel the ridges and bumps of her pussy as I penetrated, but the hot pressure of her tunnel was enough for my first time, a feeling infinitely better than her hands and more encompassing than her mouth. When she sat on my hips, her patch of hair tangling with my unruly forest, she sighed and rocked her hips.

"Good?" Sandra asked.

"Oh, yeah. He's thicker at the base, if you'll believe it." She flexed her muscles, squeezing and releasing while she rocked, rubbing her clit against my pubic bone. "You know, I thought I'd never want this, but it's nice, now that I'm in control. Is it good for you?" She opened her right eye to peek at me.

"It's good," I responded, blushing and straining against the urge to thrust.

"You're not going to cum before me, right?"

"I'm trying not to."

Her rocking gave way to bouncing, thighs and butt slapping against my legs as she let herself drop. I groaned and clasped my hands, clenching my hands together to focus on something other than how wonderful our fucking felt. Above me, Josie moaned, then gasped, quickening her pace.

"Thrust, Tyler," she urged. "I'm almost there."

So was I, but I obeyed, raising my hips to meet her down-stroke. Our timing faltered a few times, and she stopped me with a hand on the chest until she regained her own rhythm. I lost track of how long this lasted, but every second was an agony of self-control, a battle I nearly forfeited. I felt myself spasm twice, and clenched all my muscles from abdomen down, hoping to last a few more seconds.

I didn't. With a yelp, climax overpowered me, my cock emptying into the condom as Josie continued riding.

"I'm not stopping 'till I'm done," she warned, not slowing.

During the course of climax, I enjoyed the continued stimulation, but soon, my dick became oversensitive, so that every bounce became a painful pleasure and I whimpered, shoving my butt into the seat to get away from her.

"God! Sounds like you're hurting him," Sandra commented.

"I'm ... almost ... there!" Then, crying out, she came, grinding her clitoris into my crotch and resting her arms on my chest. "Shit," she moaned, falling forward onto me, "that was good."

"Looked like it."

My forearms touched her breasts, the cups of her bra stiff against my skin, and I tried not to move. She could kiss me, from this distance, but I prevented that hope from rising. Glancing past her, I saw Sandra, her seatback lowered almost to the bench beside us, skirt up around her waist, panties hanging from her left ankle, foot on the dash. She watched us, her head turned at a sharp angle, right hand busy between her legs.

Regardless of the orgasm I'd just had, seeing her like that, blue eyes wide, pale cheeks flushed, mouth gaping with gasped breath, I felt my cock stop softening.

"I think," I offered her, "I can get it up again."

"Yeah, he can," Josie said. Now that her activity had stopped, she started sweating, a few drops falling from her nose onto my neck. "I feel it."

"You know I can't," Sandra growled, her hand no longer working.

"I know, but you can use it the other way."

Rolling to her side in the seat, Sandra looked at our faces, then at the place where our bodies connected. "Yeah, but..." she began, then stopped.

"We brought lube. It's in my purse."

"I haven't, uh, you know..."

"Fleeted?"

"That."

"You need to get laid, Sandie!"

"Not bad enough to give myself compacted stool!"

The girls stared at each other for several seconds, then broke into giggles. The giggles became laughs and lasted for several minutes, resolving into giggles again. I wanted to laugh with them, but I didn't really know what they were talking about, and it seemed like a private issue, something I shouldn't intrude in.

"Okay, okay," Sandra conceded. She looked at me. "What are you doing tomorrow?"

"N-Nothing."

"Be ready, tomorrow you're going to service us both." She glanced at the dash clock, then cursed, "His curfew's coming up!"

In the flurry of cleaning and dressing, I didn't wonder what was happening, but when Sandra pulled out of the bus lot and headed toward my home, I figured out that Sandra intended me to have anal sex with her.

That realization led me to lean over to Josie. "Am I allowed to ask about ... uh, tomorrow?"

"What do you want to know?" she asked, wrapping the condom in tissues and stuffing it deep in Sandra's trash bin.

"Why, uh, why Sandra will ... use her..."

"Why she wants you to fuck her in the asshole?" she said, loudly.

"Because," Sandra stated, her voice cold but not angry, "the walls of my vagina had to be reconstructed from a piece of my colon and the surgery was a failure, thus I can't be penetrated. Not without rupturing and internal bleeding, that is."

I shivered, my hands going cold, as I remembered the clinical way my doctor explained that I'd been "stapled back together" after the rape. "I-I ... I know how you feel, I think."

"Do you?" She whipped her car into the subdivision entrance. "I doubt it's much of an issue for you, since having your butt stitched up doesn't prevent you from birthing a baby naturally, or making a baby naturally. You're not even on stool softeners anymore, are you?"

Josie walked me to the front door, while Sandra calmed. "It's a rough topic for her, worse than yours, okay? She ... I didn't tell you this, but her gynecologist gave her a long talk about it, taught her how to use her ... her butt as a substitute, how to ensure it was pleasant, if it couldn't be pleasurable. She's accepted it, that even with thousands of dollars more work, she still might not be able to use her vagina. It's a Humpty-Dumpty kind of thing: nobody can put it back together again. It bugs her that they can build new ones for transsexuals, but not fix hers successfully."

"But, I ate her out," I countered.

"She can do that, she just can't— Anyway, I had fun tonight, we both did, and tomorrow will be good too, I think."

She kissed me on the cheek and trotted back to the Jeep. Sandra forced herself to wave before shifting gears and leaving.

The next morning, I went hunting through my cabinets and found my old enema bag. I gave myself one, determined to give to her what she gave to me, if she wanted it. A fair exchange, I thought.

I considered what she said, about how my rape didn't prevent me from having children, didn't sever from me the part of my sexuality I'd yet to experience properly. I hurt to think about it, and I couldn't imagine what she must have felt, when all the ashes cleared and she learned what her rapist had done to her.

My parents left at ten for a meeting of some sort, part of their church involvement, I supposed. When they learned I couldn't stomach the concept of a benevolent God, they were disappointed, but in light of events in my life, they acceded to my wish not to be involved like I once was. I went to Sunday morning services, but never took communion, never bowed for the prayers. The youth pastor talked with me some, trying to convince me to rebuild what I'd lost, but he was unable to convey his beliefs. Seminary didn't teach him how to deal with a male rape victim, and "But, you're alive," is not an appropriate contradiction.

As if they knew my parents were leaving, Sandra and Josie arrived at ten-fifteen, wearing skirts again. I told them about my parents' absence, and that they might be gone until after lunch, but the girls wanted assurance we wouldn't be interrupted.

"Do they have a cell phone?" Sandra asked.

"Yeah."

"So call them, tell your mother we're here, and we're taking you to my house to study for AP."

I did, and my mother, strangely enough, allowed them to take me and sounded very happy for the opportunity.

"That was weird," I told them when we got in the Jeep. Without a word between us, I held out my hands and Josie handcuffed them.

"Your parents not let you out much?"

"No, they're just protective. Very protective."

"Maybe they want you to have friends more than they want to protect you," Josie suggested.

"Maybe." I remembered my thoughts from earlier, and so asked, "How do you two handle religion?"

"Not well," Sandra admitted. "I had a problem with the priest. My parents were Catholic, and so part of my counseling, they thought, should be done by a man of the cloth. All that came to a quick end when he suggested I go to confession."

"For being raped?" I asked, aghast.

"For provoking it. We think he misunderstood when we explained what happened, like he thought it had been only once and I'd been dressed inappropriately, or something. I've forgiven him that much, but I stormed out of his office in tears, called my parents, and now we aren't Catholic anymore." She glanced at me in the rearview. "What happened to you?"

I reiterated what the youth pastor said to me, and how I'd lost faith prior to that.

"Why is it," Josie pondered, "that nobody seems to understand, unless it happened to them? Neither of those things happened to me, with the preachers, but still, the women and girls at my church look at me ... weirdly. God help me if I ever get married! They'll probably stage a protest if I wear white."

"They won't do that and you know it," Sandra insisted, and Josie left it.

"Can you still pray?" I asked. That had been the first thing I lost when my faith crumbled: I wasn't on speaking terms with the "Heavenly Father" who let it happen.

"Yeah. I do every night before bed. And before meals, if I remember." She patted my thigh.

Then, I had a thought: "But, last night, we... ?"

Both of them snorted, a near-synchronous expression of sardonic humor. "Sex," Josie stated, "is the least of my concerns, faith wise. I follow the sermon on the mount and Paul's letters and example, but, as I see it, since God chose to test me through rape, he owes me a premarital romp once in a while."

"That seems—"

"So I'm a hypocrite? Sue me."

"I'm not in a position to do that."

We entered Sandra's house as this conversation closed. As the latch clicked, she yelled, "Michelle! I'm bringing a boy inside the house! Don't be naked!"

This summoned the patter of stocking feet and a girl of about thirteen peeked at us from the top of the stairs. "Nuh-uh! Hey, why's he handcuffed?"

"He's under arrest for not studying for his exams."

"Oh."

"And you can be arrested for not finishing your English paper, too, you know!"

"Yeah, yeah," the girl called, retreating to her room. "I won't bother you if you don't bother me!"

Sandra and Josie giggled, then pushed me ahead of them as we went upstairs. As we walked to her room, the two girls discussed the English Composition exam, dreading the three spontaneous literary criticisms we would have to write.

"I mean, multiple choice is multiple choice, right? We learned how to handle that when we studied for the PSAT."

Then, Sandra's bedroom door closed behind us, and they smiled like ravens. "I have a rule, in my room," she explained. "Boys cannot wear clothes. You appear to be wearing some, so I suggest you remedy this violation."

Josie removed one of the cuffs so I could get my shirt over my head, and my pants left me without that trouble. I sat on the bed to remove my shoes and get my boxers the rest of the way, both of them watching me, appraising.

Since they weren't speaking, I thought I would mention my decision. When I told them, Josie's eyebrows rose to her hairline, and Sandra ... Sandra turned her back, but I saw her reflection recomposing.

"You didn't have to," Josie said. "I mean ... are you even okay to do that?"

"I should be."

"Should be isn't the same as—"

"I am. I've had four years to heal. And you'll be careful, right?"

Sandra and Josie conferred, their backs to me. I sat on her green and yellow bedspread, hands on my knees, cock rising for some reason. That I was willing to do this surprised me, but then, if a girl was penetrating, it was still straight sex.

"You can use that thing! Remember! That bitch thought she'd be funny? Now you can show her! You've got a guy to use it on," Josie said, loud enough I could hear.

"I could, couldn't I?" Sandra passed a furtive look at her closet. "Okay, Tyler," she said, "Rock-Paper-Scissors."

"For what?"

"Who goes first. Best three of five, all of us."

They apparently practiced this a lot. By the second round, I was behind both of them, and by the fourth, I had no hope. Finally, after several duplications, Sandra managed a scissors-over-paper victory.

"It doesn't mean you're off the hook, you know," she said as she tossed the comforter and top sheet off her bed.

Josie left the room, careful to slip out and slip back in without opening the door much, as if their antics last night were a fluke of exhibitionism. She went to get towels, a stack of yellow ones that would've matched Sandra's bedspread. The girls discussed how it would work while Sandra removed her skirt and panties, and finally laid both towels in the center of the bed.

"Lay there, like normal," Sandra directed, fluffing a pillow and putting it under my head. "And don't look this way until I tell you. It's ... embarrassing."

I turned my head and closed my eyes, shackled arms crossed over my chest. I could still listen, and heard Josie say, "You ought to take everything off anyway. This could get messy."

"Yeah, yeah," Sandra replied, a perfect imitation of her sister. "He's seen it all anyway."

"Glad I got these," Josie stated, then I heard the sound of rubber gloves.

"I have some, too."

"Yeah, in the bathroom where I'd have to get them!"

They were moving around, then I heard a lid being unscrewed, and last, Sandra asked, "Why does this stuff have to be so cold?"

"They make self-warming now."

"Yeah, my gynecologist gave me cases of this kind, so it's free."

"And cold."

"Bugger off."

"No, darling, you're fixing to get your bugger on!"

They giggled, Sandra in a nervous way, and finished what they were doing. Next, they applied a condom—I didn't look because they didn't say I could—and thoroughly lubricated it.

"You can look, Tyler," Josie said.

"Simon didn't say," I replied.

"What?"

"Don't be stupid," Sandra chastised. "She and I are equal in authority."

"Okay."

When I looked, Sandra was standing at the side of the bed, debating on whether to remove her gloves. She did, pinching the palm of one, then slipping her finger under the other, the way I doctors and nurses do.

"You've practiced that?" I asked as she dropped the second one into her beside trash.

"Good hygiene. God, my butt feels squishy!" she exclaimed, which sent Josie into a belly laugh.

"You're beautiful," I said, staring up at her. Fully naked, she looked more a goddess than when she was clothed, her curves leading my eyes from her head to her shins. I loved, especially, her hips, spanning from her small waist.

The girls fell silent at my comment, and I realized I excluded Josie.

"You're beautiful, too, Josie."

"Wait 'till she's naked, then you can say it," Sandra snapped, but with no heat. She climbed onto the bed and straddled my stomach, hands on my chest to keep balance. "Besides, just as my therapist says, it doesn't matter what other people think of me." She leaned back and caught my cock, her fingers slipping on the lube. "But thanks anyway." With that, she sat back and the head of my dick penetrated her. She required less than a minute to sit fully on me, far less than time than I expected.

When I mentioned this, she said, "My gynecologist suggested I ... practice. My parents ordered me a series of sex toys," she blushed from the memory of that conversation, "and so, every time I masturbated, I fucked my own ass. Ready?"

"May I suck your nipples?"

"Can't get a good bounce that way. Maybe later. Here we go."

Anal sex was different, obviously, but less so for me than for her. My cock was encompassed by a hot, slippery tunnel, the same as before, but she demonstrated more muscle control, and tighter constriction, than Josie had. Also different, she spent little time grinding against my pelvis, replacing that motion with an egg-shaped vibrator. She kept a steady pace, a effortless rhythm beginning and ending with her insteps, pausing when either of us got close to orgasm.

"Patience, Tyler, that's the key to good sex."

"Patience?" I moaned, my plateau subsiding.

"Patience. The longer you can last, the better it is."

"Question," Josie countered, "what do any of us know about good sex?"

"I know what good masturbation is like, and sex can't be that different," Sandra countered.

"Well, the more patience you practice, the longer I have to sit here in soaked panties!"

Sandra and I looked at her, slouching at the desk beside the bed, an e-mail account open on the computer. Josie was checking her mail, without a skirt, a towel folded beneath her, left hand tracing her pussy over her panties.

"It won't heal if you keep picking at it," I quipped, and earned their laughter. Josie didn't stop, though.

"How do you like it, Tyler?" Sandra asked, bouncing again.

"I like it. Thank you."

"I'm pretty good, aren't I?" To emphasize her point, she slowed and imitated a hand-job, short strokes while squeezing my cock halfway down.

"Uh-huh."

"Wanna cum?"

I nodded, gulping.

"If you cum, you get butt-fucked next, you know."

"Please."

"All right."

We finished in just over two minutes, she timing the intensity of her vibrator by the expression on my face, so we came close together, her first. The contractions of her orgasm felt like a milking machine, though she bit down just as I spurted once, causing me a jolt of pain and killing the final half of my climax. Still, it felt "right" to be ejaculating into a woman, rather than onto my stomach, and the contact with Sandra enforced this feeling.

"Well," Sandra concluded as she climbed off me, "I'm officially not a virgin anywhere now. That was good, though."

"Rape doesn't remove virginity," I said. "That's ... that's what a pamphlet at my therapist's office says."

Sandra rolled her eyes at me as she pulled on a robe and went to the restroom.

"I've read it," Josie said. "Which is why I lost it officially."

"T-To me?"

She swiveled the chair, hands on her thighs like a sumo wrestler, and examined me. "I suppose you can keep a secret. My second cousin and I snuck off at a family gathering and fucked in my grandparents' barn. My parents wondered why my allergies acted up when I didn't go outside, they think." We smiled at each other a moment, then she returned to the computer while we waited for Sandra to return.

"Oh! Baby's soiled himself," Sandra cooed, when she entered the room. "He needs changing." She collected one of the inverted gloves from before, wrapped it around my cock, and removed the condom. She replaced it with another, this one black with a little white bow-tie printed below the glans.

"Where'd you get these?" I asked.

"My therapist," Sandra answered. "She works with gay youth, too, and gets donations of condoms from just about everybody. These are called," she checked the package, " 'Tuxedos: For when you want to dress up everything.'" She read for another second, then said, "Oops, 'Not intended for anal intercourse. Try our heavy-duty Tuxedo Premium for your anal needs.'"

"Does it really say that?" Josie asked.

"Yeah, really. Read while I get Tyler ready to lose his virginity."

Sandra helped me stand and rearranged the towels so they were at the edge of the bed and I could lean over it. Just bending at the waist, I was too high for her to get a good angle, so I knelt on the bed and put my head on the towels, thighs against my chest. With a fresh pair of gloves, Sandra applied lube, fingering me gently.

"Tell me where your prostrate is."

"Feel around, it's, I think, about two knuckles inside. There's a smooth spot on the front side." She found it right then, and I moaned, "That's it."

"Really? So, if I kept this up, what happens?"

"I ejaculate."

"Orgasm?"

"No, not from that alone."

She withdrew her finger, applied more lube and said, "Open wide, here comes the choo-choo!" Two fingers entered me, and I tried to relax for them. "When I push in, you push out, okay?" she guided, pulling her fingers out, then penetrating me again. "That's it. There's nothing in there, so you don't need to worry about embarrassing yourself."

"You know," Josie said, watching us, "I thought that'd be weird to see, but it looks kinda..."

"Hot?"

"Sexy. A guy willing to get what he gives, that's pretty sexy."

"Three fingers," Sandra warned, then inserted. "Tyler's been a good boy. I'm glad we found him." She patted my butt cheek with her free hand.

Three fingers was a lot, and pushing out almost didn't relax me enough to accept them. "You learned to do this on your own?"

"Who else would I learn it with?" Sandra countered, slapping my ass. "You're doing fine. Just a few more minutes of this and you'll be ready for more."

After those minutes passed, she removed her gloves and dug around in the bottom of her closet. "Hey, Josie, I feel wide open back there, do I look it?"

"You're squatting, what do you expect?"

"I'm, like, winking or something."

Josie snorted, giving me a swat on the butt when I snickered. "That's gonna be you in a few minutes, big boy." Her hand stayed on me, rubbing from my hip to my thigh. "Hey, I have an idea."

"What is it?"

"A threesome. You peg him, he fucks me."

Sandra emerged from the closet with a harness, a blue dildo protruding from it. "One of us has to keep a look out."

"For who? Your sister? Your parents are out of town, they said so with me standing there."

"Well, Tyler hasn't shrunk yet, so ... I guess. Give me a minute." During that minute, she retrieved the chair from her closet and wedged it under the doorknob, stuffing the towel from the chair in the crack at the bottom.

"That's not going to keep sound in, you know," Josie teased.

"Shut up, pussy-fucker. I'm just trying to keep from corrupting a minor."

"She could be looking up donkey porn on the internet, for all we know."

Sandra held up the dildo harness, and eyebrow raised. "Tyler and I could double-team you. How would you like that?"

Bluff called, Josie folded. "I'm not comfortable with that."

By this point, both girls were naked, Josie beside me, her fingers tickling my erection. Her nipples were hard, their usual condition, it seemed, but her breasts looked swollen, little blue veins visible through her cream-colored skin. For some reason, being naked together didn't bother them, neither did having sex in front of each other, one masturbating to it, but the idea of being penetrated by the other did.

"Why, uh, how can you guys be so..."

"We're not lesbians."

"I know, but, I mean, you guys use each other for porn."

They smiled at each other. "Yeah," Sandra conceded, "I guess we do."

"See," Josie explained, "when you get as comfortable with your sexuality as we are in ours, it doesn't matter what goes on around you. If you get nervous when men are naked or fucking in your proximity, it means you have unresolved issues with your orientation."

"Not an issue with modesty?"

"Modesty means not staring blatantly when they bend for the soap. You didn't mind looking at Sandra a minute ago, did you?"

"I'll ... ask my therapist about this, next time."

"Just so you know."

Sandra slapped my ass again, clasping the cheek and pulling it wide. "Ready to be my bitch, Tyler?"

"Yes, ma'am."

"Get in me, first," Josie offered. I climbed off the bed and she scooted to the edge.

"How's this going to work?" Sandra asked. Then, when I entered Josie, said, "Oh!"

I laid over Josie's body, my butt lowered to about the same height as kneeling on the edge. I stayed still, gazing into her eyes, while Sandra pressed the condom-covered dildo against my pucker.

"Push out. Tell me if it hurts."

It didn't hurt, but I felt very uncomfortable, the average-sized dildo feeling more like a soda can in girth and a tree in length. I pushed out, relaxing everything—an action that, ironically, dulled the sensations of my cock in Josie's pussy—and let Sandra continue her slow penetration without interruption. After ten minutes of subjective time, I felt her little pouch of stomach fat press against my lower back, the whole dildo inside me.

"You okay, Tyler?" Sandra asked.

"Yeah."

"No flashbacks?" Josie inquired.

I didn't think about that until she mentioned it, and somehow, being sandwiched between two beautiful girls shoved the memory aside better than therapy techniques. "No, none."

"Good. You're cured, too."

"Cured?"

"She means," Sandra said, easing out for her second thrust, "you've reenacted a sexual activity similar to your rape, and it didn't cause you problems."

"The same with me and my cousin," Josie added, "I wanted to see if I could, you know?"

By Sandra's tenth stroke, I felt relaxed enough for her to speed up, which she did happily, falling into a rhythm by instinct. Josie and I followed her lead, catching her rhythm so that I rocked back into Sandra's forward thrust, then thrusting into Josie during her out stroke. We danced this way—that's how I thought of it, a dance—raising the tempo, then lowering it, pausing so I could rest and regain control, then beginning again. We smiled at each other, our dance disintegrating into giggles when Josie queefed, then starting over, the joy of giggling becoming the joy of sex.

I doubted, I guess since my rape, or before, that I would ever find joy in this act, believing it was some sort of stiff, formal event between people who "loved" each other. On the edge of Sandra's bed, getting from one partner—even though I didn't get anything out of it—and sharing a get/give with the other, I found myself smiling, chuckling, joking with my partners, two girls, two women who had been sorely mistreated by men, fucking each other in one long dance that ended when, one-by-one, we gasped in orgasm, everyone satisfied, tumbling apart to form a giggling, embracing pile on the bed.

I was below them, but I welcomed the position. Together, we defeated our rapists, and reclaimed our bodies.

Those events occurred three years ago. Sandra, Josie, and I are in college now, entering our Senior year, though I'm looking to be a fifth-year Senior before finishing. Of course, we are not in college, since the three of us are out for the summer. Josie insisted we take this summer off, since the next one she'll begin her first year of graduate studies and Sandra her first year of law, and they wanted to spend as much time together before moving to different parts of the city and dedicating ourselves to our studies.

This is why I am kneeling on the floor of a women's restroom in a distant, disused section of a state park, while the two women who dominated me lifted their skirts, revealing their pussies.

"Two of three?" Josie offered.

"Nope, one of one," Sandra countered, "like always."

Sandra won the round, straddling my face and grabbing my hair with one hand, holding her skirt up with the other. Josie went to the door, leaning against the wall so she could watch the path we'd come down, right hand between her spread legs, masturbating in the daylight.

"Don't you ever worry about getting caught?" I asked, breathing Sandra's scent.

"Less talking, more cunt-sucking."

I acquiesced, happy to service her as she'd serviced me.


Pages: Prev | 1 | 2 | Next

Your opinion is important:
Share with the others what you think about
"To Kneel"
     
Switch to Expanded voting form
The End
Posted: 2008-09-19
Home - Top   Feedback to author
