Chapter 1
Posted: March 06, 2002 - 12:00:00 am

"Honey," Mom asked at the other end. "Are you coming home this Christmas?"

I looked reluctantly at the phone in my hand. I had no intentions of going home. There could be no better way to ruin a holiday than to go to my hometown, a remote little hill town far off in the north. People say it's a beautiful place, may be. But in this season, the end of December, when the whole town will be covered under tons of snow and with its sub zero temperature; it does not look like a dream holiday to me. Further, our own house was miles away from town, making it even more remote. I tried to remember the winters, the thunderous snowstorms and the numerous occasions when our whole family was trapped in our house for days before the roads were cleared and we could get a chance to get out of the house and to visit the town. I could never figure out why my parents decided to build their house at such a remote place. Throughout my childhood I dreamt of the day when I would leave that place, never to return. And when I got admission to a college at a far off city, I was the happiest man in the whole universe.

Now my mom was asking me to spend my Christmas holiday with her. The place I left about one and half years ago. No way, I can't go there; I had already made my decision.

"Honey, are you there?" Mom was anxious. I came out of my reverie.

"I would love to, but," I did not want to hurt mom so I lied. "You see mom, I've already fixed my program with Carla and I can't say no to her now."

Mom knew that Carla was my girlfriend. She had met her during her last visit some six months back. What she did not know that we had already parted our ways and I've been living alone for the last month.

"I know, you must be having your own engagements," Mom seemed desperate. "But can't you come for one day only? You know, your father is also away and he'll not be here for the next two weeks. I am all alone this Christmas. Why don't you let me talk to Carla? I'm sure she'll agree for you to visit me for one day."

"She is not here right now," I lied again, "But I know she will not like the idea. You know her nature mom. I am sorry mom; I will not be able to come this time. Perhaps next year..."

"Do you remember, last year you promised me to visit this Christmas." Mom's voice was hoarse; perhaps she was crying. "Anyway, if you don't want to be with your mom, it's ok, I can't force you."

I put the receiver back. But I was not happy. I loved my mother very deeply, and I wanted to be with her. The only difficulty was that I didn't want to go to that place which I detested so much. I knew that asking mom to come to me wouldn't work, as she would never leave her home during the holidays. She firmly believed in celebrating the holidays at home with family and friends. I felt pity for her.

I tried to concentrate on my work, but my mind was not into it. I was still thinking about mom, her sad voice still reverberating in my ears. Mom was the only one that mattered to me in my entire family. Ours was a small family - mom, dad, my older sister Carolyn and myself. Carol was two years older than I, and she was now in England with her husband. Though I had very good relationship with my sister, I never felt attached to her the way I felt to my mom.

While growing up in that small hilly town it was mom who was always with me. In my every moment of triumph, every moment of sorrow it was mom who cheered me up and consoled me. She was there when I had my first heartbreak. She was the one who encouraged me to be a good athlete, an equally good student; she was the one who initially sponsored my admission to college and supported me financially till I was self-sufficient. Dad was never there. He was too busy with his business and with his hunting and booze parties. Mom always had a special place in my life, and it was unbearable for me to see her hurt. I knew she was.

I put down my pen and paper. I realized I couldn't stick to my earlier decision. It might not be a bad idea to celebrate Christmas with mom. After all, I was alone here and it would be much better to be with mom rather than staying in my big city apartment with no friends around. College was closed for Christmas and most of the students were already gone home. I could very well be back in three days, and then I would be free to celebrate New Year.

Finally, I dialed her number. She responded immediately as if she were still near the phone.

"Mom! It's me, Ted." I had to lie again. "I have talked with Carla, and she has agreed. I am coming home on Christmas Eve."

"Are you?" She was thrilled, her voice resonating with excitement.

"Yeah, mom. But I'll be there for only one day and in any circumstance I'll return on the twenty-sixth."

"I am more than happy son," Mom's voice was beaming with delight. "I promise that I won't ask for anything else. I'll make arrangement for your journey."

"Don't worry mom," I smiled at her impatience. "I have sufficient money; I'll reach home by Christmas Eve."

"I am looking forward for your visit, son." Mom replied. "I have a nice little surprise for you."

"I'd love to see it. OK mom, bye."

"Bye son, I love you."

"I love you too mom." I cut the phone.

When I reached my hometown on Christmas Eve, it was already snowing. Patches of snowflakes were falling, and I had a gut feeling that the weather would not improve in coming days. The snowfall appeared to be heavy this year, as the whole town seemed to be covered with a thick blanket of snow. I was afraid if the weather deteriorated further, I might not be in a position to return on my planned date.

I got off the bus and took a cab to my house. On the way there everything was covered with heavy snow. The only exception was the roads that were cleaned regularly, but I knew that in case of a very heavy snowfall or an ice storm it would be very difficult to maintain the roads in clean condition, especially roads leading to remote areas away from the town, which are not frequented by many drivers. My house was located in such an area, and it had happened in the past when it had taken more than forty-eight hours before the roads were cleared again. Again, I had a hunch that this year would be the same.

The cab was approaching my house and even from a distance I could see the darkened silhouette of our house against the snowy backdrop, light was coming from its windows. The whole house, the roof and the whole front yard seemed to be buried in a thick fur of snow.

The cab stopped at our driveway. I took my bag, paid the driver and went over to the front door. Before I could push the doorbell, the door flung open. Mom was standing at the door beaming with delight and with her old infectious smile, her eyes wet with happiness. But, there was something else, my mother appeared to be completely changed. She was thinner, much thinner since I last saw her and she looked much younger and prettier.

"Oh, honey." Mom hugged me and kissed my forehead. "Can't say how happy I am today. You made my day."

"Mom!" I couldn't hide my surprise. "You look so thin, so young, I can't believe it."

"That's the little surprise I was talking about on the phone." Mom smiled with a bit of pride. "I've lost almost thirty pounds in the last six months."

"That's great mom. You really look very thin and, I must admit, very beautiful. Dad must be paying special attention to you nowadays."

"Thanks, Ted." There was a mild change in her stare, but she immediately controlled herself. "Now lets go inside. I am freezing here."

She took me inside and locked the main door. The temperature inside the lounge was very comforting and after such a long journey in extreme cold it felt wonderful. Mom led me near the fireplace and asked me to sit on the sofa. I removed my jacket and gloves and sat near the fireplace trying to warm up my frozen limbs.

"It's very cold outside. Why don't you relax and I will make a cup of coffee for you." She walked towards kitchen. "That's going to make you fine."

I looked at her swaying buns, tightly clenched in her jeans. I scanned down her curvy petite body, hardly disguised by her winter clothing. The first thought struck me was how beautiful my Mom has become since I last saw her. My mother must have been very beautiful in her younger days. She is only five two quite in contrast to my dad who stood beyond six one. My father has a very bulky body so she always looked like a tiny sparrow in the shadow of a big bull.

As far as I could remember, mom always stayed thin and always had a great body, beautiful curves, thin waist, beautiful slim legs and tight tiny hips. She was a natural blonde, her hair straight and slightly longer than shoulder length. She always kept it twisted into a beautiful bun, giving her an eternal youthful look. She has hazel eyes, sharp nose and a full-lipped mouth. Armed with an infectious smile, my mom is a warm, friendly, but somewhat shy and introvert person. During the last few years she had put on some weight, but now she was back to her younger self. Mom is forty-one, but now she appeared not more than a woman in her early thirties.

I went to the kitchen, standing at the door again I looked at my beautiful mother. She was busy making coffee, lightly humming a song. She was not a singer but always loved to hum. Again, I stole a look at her tight rump enclosed in her jeans. I felt a mild stirring between my loins. I tried to recall the various summers when sis and I went for picnic or for swimming with our parents and when mom was in her bikini, I always tried to steal a look of her beautiful body. Every time, after returning home, I felt ashamed of my action, but the next time the same act was repeated again. The stirring between my thighs was suddenly more vigorous. I felt embarrassed from my immodest thoughts. Trying to conceal my hardon I went in the kitchen and sat at the dining table.

Mom heard the sound. She turned around to watch me sitting on the chair. Coffee was ready, and she presented me the steaming mug with her contagious smile. I thanked her and sipped the coffee. It was delicious. I still couldn't get over the awe-inspiring beauty of my mother, and I had to force myself not to stare at her constantly. On occasions I felt as if she became aware of my excessive interest in her, as sometimes she appeared a to blush a little and embarrassed.

"You look handsome." She finally broke the ice. "I hope you are still attending a gym regularly."

"Thanks mom, yes, but I think the workouts are showing more effect on you. You really have changed a lot. You look much prettier." I blurted out my emotions.

"Thanks." She was embarrassed as if she had read my thoughts. But, then she changed the topic and we started talking about my childhood, about the things we had shared together, the time we had spent together, about Carol, about dad. Whenever I mentioned dad, I could feel a sense of uneasiness descending upon her as if she were not willing to talk about her husband. Her smile faded slightly. Sensing her reluctance I too did not press it. Finally, I put my empty mug on the table.

"Mom, I am tired. I think I should go early to bed." I had traveled almost six hundred miles and was feeling dead tired.

"I understand; dinner is almost ready." She was considerate. "Go and take a warm shower and change your clothes. By the time you finish your dinner, I'll have your room ready."

While going to my room I just looked outside a window. The weather had gone from bad to worse. The gentle snowfall had turned into a blizzard. Nothing was visible outside, only the sound of snowstorm echoing through the walls of our house. I again feared that if the snowstorm continued for long it would be virtually impossible for me to return to college as planned. I had seen such bad weather often during my childhood and knew very well what it meant. But, it was now beyond my control and fretting about it wouldn't solve my problem. So I just tried to forget about the weather and went to my room.

I took my shower and changed my clothes. When I went to the kitchen, dinner was already served. It was the most appetizing dinner since I had left my hometown. Mom was a very good cook, and I always missed her mouth-watering recipes in college. During dinner, our talks were again mostly about my childhood. Mom again deliberately avoided mentioning dad.

"Mom that was great," I told her after dinner. "You don't know how much I miss your cooking in college."

"Thanks honey, I can understand." Mom was sympathetic, but she knew that she couldn't help me there. "Your room is ready. But, if you don't have any problem, we can have a cup of hot chocolate in my bedroom before you go to sleep."

"Sure mom, I would love to." I lifted the empty dishes from the table and put them into sink. "I'll come to your room in a while."

My room was warm and comforting. Mom has kept my room in tidy condition. I knew the biggest thing my mom hated was untidiness. I still remember her numerous lectures on cleanliness to sis and me, instructions that we never followed. I brushed my teeth and washed my face. Coming back to the room I was about to retire to my bed when I realized mom would be waiting for me.

I went to my parents' bedroom upstairs. The door was closed so I knocked lightly.

"It's open honey, you can come inside."

I opened the door and went inside. The room was dimly lit. Mother's room was her private possession; she had taken great pains to decorate it the way she liked it. I had never found her room in disorderly condition. She was sitting on her king sized bed. Many a time, while I was growing, I had tried to imagine mom making love with my dad on that bed. My dad's big bulk could not be accommodated into a smaller size bed.

Mom had also changed her clothes, and now she was in her white nightgown. She looked like an angel from where I was standing. I tried to act normally, but there was nothing I could do to conceal the fact I was immensely enjoying her company.

Mom poured chocolate from a thermos and handed it to me. I sat beside her at the edge of the bed. We talked about our earlier days, about my friends, relatives and whole lot of things. She suggested that I might like to visit some of my old friends. I told her that I might but only if could manage to squeeze some time tomorrow and as I'd come here to visit her, I would rather be with her during my complete stay. She was pleased to hear that. We talked for about half an hour, and during that period I continuously felt that mom is consciously avoiding talking about dad. Under her warm facade of happiness, there was clearly a streak of sadness.

Next time, when mom tried to change the subject after mentioning dad, I could not control my suspicion. "Mom, why aren't you talking about dad? Is everything all right?"

Mom's face was suddenly pale as if someone has sucked the blood out of it, and she started crying. I put my arm around her. Mom kept her face on my shoulder and continued crying.

"Please tell me mom," I let her cry for some time. "What's the matter, why don't you tell me?"

She finally turned to me; her eyes wet with tears.

"I didn't know how to tell you, your dad has a girlfriend."

"What?" I couldn't believe what mom was saying. "Girlfriend!"

"Yes Ted, your father is spending the holidays with his girlfriend in Jamaica." Mom appeared somewhat relieved after telling the truth. "And you know who is his girlfriend, his own secretary, a girl who is even younger than you. To me he said that he was going to France as his supplier wanted him there to discuss business."

"Are you sure mom? You might have got it wrong."

"No son, everyone in town knows it. He went to Jamaica with his young whore." She said in a bitter tone; she must've been badly hurt, as I had never heard her using words like this before. "I was perhaps the last person to know about it. Their relationship has been going on for almost a year."

I didn't know what to say to her or how to console her. I had seen things like that happening to other families, but I could never imagine that such a thing could take place in my family also. I tried to imagine my father touring Jamaica and sleeping with a girl too young to be his daughter. I didn't know how to react to the information. I never had a feeling for my dad. My girlfriend Carla also left me for a man twice her age, but had the just right qualification, a lot of money, which I didn't. I knew how it feels to be ditched from someone you love. I felt very bad for my mother, and I really wanted to comfort her.

I finally said to her, "Mom, I don't know what father thinks about you, but I just want to tell you that for me, you are the most wonderful and the most beautiful woman in the world and I am lucky that you're my mom."

Mom smiled sadly; her eyes still filled with tears. She was sobbing lightly, but she paid attention to what I said to her. She looked intently into my eyes. She raised her face to me, her soft quivering lips inches away from my lips, her hot breath burning my lower lip.

I didn't know what came over me as I lowered my head and kissed her full on the lips. I was expecting an immediate repulsion from her but nothing of that sort happened. She didn't pull her face back, instead she put her arms around my shoulder and pulled my lips into hers making it a complete kiss. I moved my arms around her and grabbed her waist, pulling her closer to me. I moved my tongue between her lips, and she let it in and started sucking it. The effect was maddening; I could feel my cock hardening within the confines of my underwear.

Encouraged, I moved one hand to her leg and lightly stroked it. Mom was too engrossed in our kiss to notice that my hand was slowly moving under her nightgown towards her thighs. My palm felt her leg, her calf and her knee. I stopped my hand at her naked thigh and felt its warmth. I was expecting that anytime now mom would break the kiss and remove my hand from her naked thigh. But, there was no such response, either she was too ignorant or she also wanted me to continue.

Taking it as a positive sign I gently forced my hand between her thighs, softly putting my wildly trembling hand over her mound of Venus hidden beneath her soft cotton panties. My heart was pounding violently in my chest, and my mind was whirling with excitement. Passionately I felt the supple mound, the slit between the soft fold. My cock was out of control, trying to break the barriers of my briefs. My mouth was dry. My mom, oblivious of everything, was still clinging to me, sucking my tongue ardently. I slipped my hand further inside her panties and cupped her cunt, my palm feeling her soft bush, my fingers slowly probing her moist opening.

I ran my index finger along the length of her moist slit for a few times, enjoying the soft emanating warmth, and then slowly, I inserted it inside her cunt. I felt a gentle reaction from her body and I could comprehend that mom was not oblivious of my movements. Her hot cunt clung around my poking finger. I inserted another finger inside her cunt and started moving them in and out of her heavenly opening. Her cunt was responding positively, and every stroke of my fingers was making her wetter and wetter. I don't know how long our kiss continued as my fingers kept moving in and out of her cunt. Finally, we broke the kiss, but I didn't let her go out of my arms.

"Oh, Mom," I was breathing heavily. "You're just so beautiful, very beautiful." I put my mouth on hers forcing my tongue inside her warm mouth and sort of lifted her small frame above the bed; my hand slowly pulling her panties away from her waist and down thighs, finally pulling it out of her leg. I put my fingers back inside her pussy. I looked into my mother's eyes, they were still wet from tears; otherwise she appeared calm. But, I could feel that her coldness was a false pretence and underneath her serene composure a wild fire was burning.

I was now positive that Mom was enjoying what we were doing, and she wanted more. Forcefully, I had to restrain my cock from shooting its load inside my underwear. Mom wanted me inside her and she was ready for me. I knew she was!

I leisurely broke the kiss again. The time was ripe. My mother was ready for a nice fuck. I helped her lie down on the bed and gradually moved her nightgown towards her belly. Little by little her soft flesh was exposed to my hungry eyes and gradually her beautiful cunt was opened before my eyes, a little hot cunt between those creamy thighs, thickly covered with blonde fur. I lustfully gazed at my mother's beautiful cunt, its soft thick lips, its soft dense curly blonde hair and its soft moist opening, looking at me in a most tempting manner.

I looked at mom, her eyes were closed and she seemed to be dazed. I didn't know what she was expecting next. But, I wasn't interested in any preliminaries, no licking, no sucking; I just wanted to be inside that sweet looking pussy. I just wanted to feel the soft muscles of my mother's cunt squeezing and sucking my solid shaft.

Without further delay I removed my shorts and underwear. Once free from the restraints of my briefs, my rigid cock sprang to life. Jetting from my thick, curly pubic hair, my cock was hungrily gazing at my mother's delicious cunt, ready to explore those divine depths hidden behind a mask of thick blonde hair.

I grabbed my cock in my hand and guided its mushroomed head to her lascivious opening. As my cock head touched her outer pussy lips, I became aware of a gentle twitching in those rose petals opening up slowly to accept my invading organ. My cock was throbbing furiously, as it pressed against that most treasured pussy of my entire sex life. Gradually, I eased my cock head inside my mother's hot pussy.

She was tight, very tight; it could have been caused by lack of foreplay or her lack of practice for long. Very gently, I pushed my cock deeper and deeper into that soft, narrow, clinging passage. My cock could feel her slippery wetness while moving inside those warm depths. Soon, the complete length of my cock was buried inside her pussy and my balls were pressed against the crack of her ass. My black curls were interlocked with her soft blonde ones.

It was euphoric to feel my fortunate cock being hugged in a most delightful manner by my own mother's tight pussy. I slowly eased myself comfortably between her open thighs and started a rhythmic in and out motion. I leaned over her body and put my hot lips back to her parted moist lips; again inserting my tongue inside her hot mouth. She started sucking keenly, then raised her lower abdomen slightly up to meet my approaching cock. Mom was slowly beginning to respond to my thrusting. I began to fuck her in a more rhythmic way; pulling my throbbing cock out of her tight cunt and then slowly sliding it back in.

Mom's responses were more avid now. She became wetter and better lubricated as I fucked. She was moaning lightly with my every plunge indicating her state of extreme physical and emotional pleasure. She was now lifting her hips with my every down thrust to help me reach her innermost depths. She was trying to meet my rhythmic humping in most adept manner, lifting her ass with my down stroke and then lowering her ass with my out moving cock. Suddenly, she put her legs across my back, clutching my ass. Our bodies were one now, moving up together and moving down together. Mom's wetness was now overflowing out of her cunt wetting our pubic hairs.

Soon mom started moving her ass harder and faster urging me to speed up the pace. I obliged her by increasing my tempo, pumping harder and faster into her dripping pussy. My cock was on fire, savoring every inch of delightful pussy that it was pounding. I was sure that Mom was rapidly reaching her orgasm. Her belly began humping harder; her vocal chords now emitting non stop muffled groans. My peak was not far either and with every thrust I too was grunting hard. I could hear the snowstorm raging outside our house and could feel another storm building right inside my balls.

At last, Mom gave a short scream, and her body stiffened up completely, her back arched and her hips in the air, her legs clutching my back tightly. She was trembling violently, and I could feel her pussy muscles shuddering and involuntarily releasing and gripping my cock. I could no longer control the tremendous pressure building within my balls. I plunged forward ramming my cock deep into her quivering cunt and spurt after spurt I released my hot seed into her receptive depths.

Finally my balls were empty. I had never come in such abundance, my cock juice filled her depths and the overflow was slowly moving through our mating bushes and to the bed down below. The storm was still raging outside, but the storm inside us had subsided, though temporarily. Finally, I collapsed over my mother's body.

I was feeling very tired, perhaps due to the combined effect of the long journey and then the rigorous love session with my mom. I closed my eyes and rested my head at her side, my cock still inside her pussy. I didn't remember when I fell asleep and was only able to recall that my mother was trying to move my body away from her and a mild plop sound as my flaccid cock moved out of her cunt.
Chapter 2

Chapter 2
Posted: March 06, 2002 - 12:00:00 am

Next day, when I woke up it was already well past nine. I had slept well. I found myself properly tucked in the quilt, which had kept me warm. Soon, the reality descended upon me and I realized I was still in my mother's bed. Whatever happened last night with mom felt like a dream, but the fact that I was in my mother's bed, I was completely naked and above all the dried stains on the bed sheets, which were soaked with our spending, made me believe that I did fuck my mom last night. Just thinking about the events of last night drove my sleeping cock to full erection.

I left the bed, went to the window and tried to see outside. The snowstorm had subsided, but now it was raining lightly. I looked at the enormous wilderness of white snow spread in front of me. Everything covered with a thick coat of snow. I knew it would be trickier to clear the roads, as the rain will convert the soft snow into hard heavy ice making it difficult to handle. I could guess it would not be possible for me to return tomorrow, and I was trapped here.

But I rather felt elated. I knew, although it was Christmas, nobody would be able to visit us today, no friends, no relatives and that meant I was all alone with my beautiful mom to celebrate Christmas. Just thinking about the wonderful time ahead forced my blood to rush through my loins. Absentmindedly, I gripped my cock and lightly ran my fist along its length. It was again raring to go.

Trying to control my urges I came out of my room. Mom was nowhere to be seen; perhaps she was in the kitchen preparing breakfast.

I took a long hot bath and when I came out of the shower I was fully rejuvenated. I put on my clothes and as I was very hungry I went to the kitchen.

As I had guessed, mom was in the kitchen sitting at dining chair, sipping her coffee. She had already prepared breakfast and perhaps was waiting for me. Hearing my footsteps she looked at me.

"Morning mom." I could not suppress my grin. Last night's events came back to me, and I felt a strong rousing in my underwear. I pulled a chair and sat in front of her.

"Morning son, have your breakfast, coffee is ready."

Something odd struck me. Mom did not look directly into my face. She was avoiding my gaze. She seemed to be absorbed into her thoughts. Something was wrong; mom didn't appear happy. My smile faded. Reluctantly, I pulled my plate and started eating. I wanted to talk to her about last night, wanted to take her into my arms right away after finishing my breakfast and to take her back to bed, but seeing her mood I just kept mum and continued nibbling my food.

Suddenly, mom stirred as if she has realized my presence for the first time. She poured me coffee from the kettle. I took the mug from her silently and started sipping.

"Ted," Suddenly mom broke the ice. "I think we must talk about the incident last night."

"Yes?" I looked at her questioningly.

"What happened last night was not right..." Mom was looking at her nails, still trying to avoid eye contact with me. "It just happened in the heat of the moment. We never wanted to do it. Isn't it?"

I remained silent, looking at her.

"What I mean to say is..." Mom voice was trembling with emotion. "What happened last night was a mistake and it should never happen again."

"Mom, I don't think what we did was wrong." I replied finally. "I don't regret what I did, I enjoyed it and I would love to do it again. Why can't we do it again? Whatever happened, we can't reverse that, we've already made love with each other and enjoyed it thoroughly, so why not enjoy it again?"

"Are you... ?" Mom started to speak, but I stopped her.

"No mom, I don't see this as a mistake, because I always loved you and I always want you to be happy. You can see for yourself that dad is screwing a girl much younger than his own daughter. He's not even bothered about your feelings. He didn't even bother to stay home during Christmas. So what did you do wrong?"

"At least he is not sleeping with his own daughter." Mother meekly tried to defend her husband. "No! We should never do it again. Please try to understand," she started crying, "It's a sin. What would people think if they come to know about it?"

"I don't a give a shit about people or dad, all I know is that I love you," But then I surrendered as I did not want her to start crying again. "OK, We will never do it again. I love you, and I will always respect your decision. I still don't think what we did was wrong or if it were a sin at all, I would love to do it again and again. You are my mother but before that you are a woman too, who has some needs, and I don't see any wrong in helping you in fulfilling your needs. However, I would respect your decision."

Mom looked at me gratefully, her eyes were still wet but she was not crying now. I was not feeling great. All my ideas, all plans for the day, were ruined in one moment. I somehow finished my breakfast and left the kitchen. I went to the lounge and tried to watch TV, but it didn't help. I was feeling restless, and I immediately wanted to go back. I looked out of a window. The rain had stopped, but the weather was not clear yet. I wished that next day the weather would be fine so that I might be able to leave for college. I smiled ruefully at the irony; in the morning I was delighted that the weather is not good and I would not have to make excuses for staying for few more days with mom. But, now I was feeling suffocated. I was feeling trapped and wanted to return immediately. However, I knew that it was not the right time to talk about my return plans, mom would certainly feel bad, so I tried to comfort myself.

I put some warm clothes on and since the rain had stopped, I took a shovel and went out to clear the driveway. Because of the rain, the snow had become hard, and it took me hours before I could finish cleaning the driveway. There were no signs of the roads getting cleared, and I had a premonition that the snowstorm would come back. When I finished cleaning the driveway, lunch was ready. Unwillingly, I ate lunch. I had nothing else to do, so I simply watched TV though I was not enjoying it.

The snowstorm returned in the evening. I could hear strong wind roaring past our house depositing thick layers of snow in our driveway and everywhere with its every sweep. My premonition turned out right. I would not be going back tomorrow.

Though, I was not in high spirits, I helped mom in decorating the Christmas tree and in other household chores. We avoided talking to each other. Sometimes mom tried to talk with me but when she found that I was not willing she gave up. So we worked silently. It was clear from the weather that nobody would be visiting us today, and mom and I would be celebrating Christmas alone.

Finally, after evening coffee, mom told me that she was going to change and I should also go and change. I didn't see any need for changing clothes, because we were not expecting any guests tonight. But, I knew that mom was very particular about all these things, so I didn't argue and went to my room and changed my clothes.

When I came down, mom was already there. She had changed to a black evening gown, beautifully adhering to her petite body. I didn't see any logic for wearing such clothing when the temperature outside was hovering below zero. But, I must admit she looked gorgeous. Every curvature of her tiny constitution was greatly heightened within the confine of her black dress. Her blonde hair was loosely scattered around her neck and shoulder. She had worn a light makeup, and her beautiful face was glowing.

I looked at her admiring her perfect body on display through the confine of her dress. I didn't hide my lustful gaze from her protruding swell of breasts and the small mound between the joints of her thighs. My eyes were drawn to her crotch, where I could almost see her mound pressing against the material. Mom noticed my attention, and she blushed slightly, but again regained her composure. I purposefully avoided commenting about her dress, and I could feel that mother was slightly disappointed.

To me, the celebration was only a ritual now. We said merry Christmas to each other. Mom gave me a gift wrapped in a silvery foil, I thanked her and said sorry for not being able to purchase a gift for her. I promised her that I would send her gift after returning to my college. After some time we had dinner, it was tasty but I was so occupied with my thoughts that I could not enjoy the feast. After dinner there was nothing else to do. Mom brought me hot chocolate, and we settled down to watch TV.

For almost an hour or so we watched TV, not even talking for a single time. Around ten, mom decided to call it a night. She told me that she was feeling sleepy and was going to her room. I bade her goodnight but told her that I would be watching TV for some time. Mom finally retired to her room.

After mom was gone, I turned off all the lights in the lounge. Now, only the occasional flickering of TV and the glow of fire in the fireplace were illuminating the room.

I sat silently in the lounge near the fireplace watching TV. My mind was still occupied with the terrific experience, which I had with mom last night. I wanted to go to her room and fuck her furiously. I was longing to feel her beautiful pussy again pulsating around my rigid cock. At times, I felt like going to her room and raping her. But, I realized that I didn't have that much courage, and further, I didn't want to hurt her. I felt like a coward and wanted to run away from home.

Suddenly, I heard the faint sound of footsteps on the stairs. Someone was coming down. My heart almost stopped in anticipation. In the dim light of the room, I could see her silhouette slowly coming toward me. I was dumbfounded. I didn't know why she was coming but certainly expecting it to be good. I didn't move from my place, slowly her diminutive figure was in front of me, her face shimmering in the light from the fireplace.

I looked into her eyes; she didn't say anything but it was all written there. Without hesitation, I got up from my place and put my arms around her, eagerly pulling her willing body to mine. Breathing heavily, I brought down my hot lips to hers and kissed her intently. Mom responded positively pressing her mouth to mine and inserting her tongue inside my mouth.

Oh God, we were onto it again. Delightfully, I grabbed her ass cheeks. My cock was rock hard, and my hardness was probing into her pubic region. Slowly moving my abdomen, I rubbed my hardness against her pubic area. Again, I grabbed Mom and began kissing her wildly. After a while we broke the kiss. Mom hadn't changed yet, and she was still in her black evening gown.

Without wasting any time I unzipped her from the back and slowly lowered the gown to the carpeted floor. Mom was standing in front me wearing only her black cotton bra and panties. I unhooked the bra and removed it. Free from the confines of her bra, her boobs swayed gently. Mom's tits were not big, but they were perfectly suited for her small figure. Her dark aureoles were an absolutely perfect match to the size and shape of those gorgeous tits. I lightly gripped those mounds of pleasure and squeezed them. Mom moaned softly.

My hands then moved down to her thighs, and slowly I lowered her panties down her waist towards her ankles and in a moment they were lying on the floor. My mother was standing in front of me gleaming in her naked glory.

I looked closely at her beautiful body. Last night I didn't see all of her. Her small breasts were now firmly jutting out of her chest. I watched her small boobs gently sway in slow motion, her dark stiff nipples looking at me invitingly.

I gazed down between her thighs at her muff. Her thick blonde muff was shining like gold under the yellow light radiating from the fireplace, like a little hot radiator trimmed with gold. I put my hand over her cunt and groped at her pussy, running my finger along her wet, delicious crack. I kissed her again, while my probing finger slowly made its way towards the opening in her slit and entered it. Mom moaned loudly this time, indicating her state of rapture.

"Pull your pants off," she said suddenly, almost demanding.

I was shocked first, but I felt happy over her audacity. It was a welcome change. I led mom near the fireplace and slowly helped her to sit there. With electric speed I removed my clothes and within a moment I was standing near my mom, completely naked, my hardness jetting from my black pubic hair, slightly pointing upwards. Mom looked at my cock lovingly, and slowly she took hold of it. She felt the hardness of my cock, now harder than it had ever been before, and started to stroke it lightly.

"Son, you have got a masterpiece." Mom was slowly moving my foreskin up and down. "It's so big! Did I really take it inside me completely?"

"Yes mom, but your pussy was so tight," I was flattered by her praise, "that I had to make extra effort to insert it completely."

Mom continued petting my hard organ, and then she bent forward and began to kiss the bulbous head of my raging rod. Tenderly, she licked the drop of precum off its head and began licking all over. I was so excited that soon I felt like shooting off in her mouth. I didn't want that so immediately I forced her head away from my crotch. She could understand, and reluctantly she pulled her head away.

She bent backward and eased herself on the carpeted floor beside the fireplace, her body supported on her elbows, her legs wide open allowing me the lustrous view of her blonde thatch and wet cunt. I looked greedily at her nude body glowing from the deep golden color radiating from the fireplace, her flawless creamy thighs and the golden thatch gleaming in between in a mouth-watering temptation.

Mom saw my stare as she blushed slightly but opened her thighs little more giving me a better view of her sopping cunt. Mom's muff was so thick that it was completely covering her slit and her clitoris. I stretched out opposite to her, my head facing her cunt and my cock near her face. I began kissing her leg, sucking and licking her toes, then leisurely working my way up her creamy white thighs. At last, my nose was nuzzling into her soft curly bush that covered her prominent mound abundantly. I rested my head over her thigh and touched her slit with the tip of my tongue.

As my tongue touched her outer lips mom wriggled in ecstasy, producing a loud moan of extreme pleasure. I breathed the musky smell radiating from my mother's cunt; it was mind-boggling. I gently spread her puffy cunt lips and ran my tongue over her inner folds tasting her salty wetness. It was delectable. For a moment I ran my tongue in a slow flickering motion enjoying the salty muskiness, then I started lapping her cunt feverishly. I thrust my hungry tongue deep inside her pussy and tried to insert it as far as it would go. Soon, my face was covered with her delicious nectar, which was gushing profusely, with every stroke of my tongue.

Meanwhile, mom had lost her all inhibitions and with every caress of my tongue she was howling unashamedly. I was surprised at the amazing change in her. Within few hours, my mom seemed to have converted into a nymph from a simple straight housewife.

She grabbed my rigid cock with her fingers and was pulling it feverishly, sometimes even causing pain. I was about to remind her not to cause any harm in the heat of the moment. But, as a welcome relief, suddenly she bent her head forward and took my shaft between her eager lips. She was licking my cock head as if she were eating an ice cream cone. She completely turned towards me and lowered her mouth further on my shaft taking more length of my rigid cock inside her hot mouth.

After gulping a larger portion of my pole, she slowly began running her lips up and down along its length, imitating a cunt. She held the base of my cock with one hand and her other hand started fondling my hairy sack. She stiffened her lips to create more friction and began to move them faster and harder. In my excitement, I could feel a thundering climax starting to develop inside my balls. This time I didn't want her to stop.

Unsuccessfully, I tried to prolong it, but the pressure had gone beyond my control. My face buried in my mother's moist cunt, I grabbed her parted thighs tightly as I reached my zenith and my cock began spurting its hot cream into my mother's eagerly sucking mouth. She didn't flinch a bit and continued sucking. Large gobs of cum filled her hungry mouth, and she gulped them effortlessly. Some of my cream came flowing out of the corners of her lips and trickled down towards her chin and neck. But, she was so busy guzzling down my love juice that she didn't seem to notice it and kept on sucking. Finally, my cock stopped shooting but mom continued her endeavor till she had sucked me completely dry. Finishing with my cock she then took care of the cum that oozed out of her lips and licked them clean using her tongue and fingers.

My climax was so powerful that for a while I forgot that I too was sucking my mother's cunt. Mom was still going strong and much work was left for my tongue to accomplish. I pulled my tongue out of her drenched slit and touched her little protruding clitoris. Mom's body gave a sudden jerk. I attacked her clit licking, fondling, caressing, my every movement and effort to hasten her towards a climax. My tongue was fluttering with so much alacrity that mom couldn't control her emotions and was moaning loudly. She still had my flaccid cock inside her mouth and was sucking it fervently. I kept working on her clit, driving her into a frenzy of sexual delight. She began gyrating her ass pressing her burning cunt into my face. With one hand she grabbed my head pulling my face deeper into her crotch and my tongue and lips onto her pussy and clit. I too, grabbed her ass cheeks, pulling them apart, pushing my finger inside her anal cavity, and sucking her swollen clit more fiercely.

Suddenly, mom went totally stiff; her body was shaking and shuddering violently, her cunt muscles vibrating uncontrollably around my tongue, releasing a bounty of her cunt juice into my mouth. Mom was having a terrific orgasm. I thrust my tongue deeply into her, covering her cunt opening with my lips, gulping down every drop of her sweet juice released from her pussy. I drank hungrily the salty fluid flowing down my throat, enjoying every drop of the sweet nectar. Slowly the trembling in her pussy subsided, and her rigid body relaxed. I licked every remaining trace of her honey and then pulled my tongue out of her cunt.

Delicately, I licked the wetness off her blonde fur and the area between her pussy and ass hole, tracing any drop of her love juice that might have escaped my tongue. Completing my task, I rested my head on her thigh and tried to catch my breath.

Mom's lips were still playing with my cock, awakening it again. I could again feel the blood rushing to my cock and slowly bringing it back to its fully erected state. I pulled my cock out of mom's mouth and changed my position, my face facing mom's face and my growing cock hovering over her willing cunt. I kissed mom full on her lips, and we both enjoyed the taste of our own juices glued to our lips. Tenderly, I pulled Mom's tits, pinching her dark nipples between my fingers. Mom responded with a deep moan. I lowered my mouth and started sucking her nipples. I pulled them into my mouth, rubbing my tongue between and around them, gently teasing them with my teeth. Mom was chanting frantically. I continued nibbling her nipples till my cock was completely ready for a new session of furious fucking. My hands again traveled to her pubic region and felt her dripping cunt. Mom reciprocated by widening her thighs, indicating that she was also prepared for her lustful journey with her son.

I tried to pull mom near, but she stopped me. She gripped my cock and lightly pulled it near her moist opening. She ran my bloated cock head up and down the lips of her steaming cunt. Then she suddenly got up and sat besides me. She forced me to lie down and throwing one leg over me, sat over my abdomen. Again, gripping my rampant cock she ran it across her slit. I realized that my mom wanted to lead this time so I left myself at her mercy and enjoyed my position.

She continued rubbing her clit with my cock head and was constantly groaning with delight. After a while she guided the tip of my cock at the opening in her crotch and lowered her body. I could feel my cock spreading her tight sheath, slowly moving into those worm depths. Mom moved her hips further down, sinking onto my boner till her pussy had swallowed its entire length; her pussy gripped my cock tightly, her blonde muff mating with my thick pubic hair. I put my hands on her ass cheeks and pulled her onto me with ferocity forcing my cock to reach the deepest region inside my mom's pussy.

Settling on my cock, mom started moving her ass up and down. I lovingly looked between her thighs, watching her hairy cunt move up and down my cock. So far I was lying silently allowing mom to have all the control, but then I started gyrating my hips thrusting my cock up inside her cunt during her down strokes.

Mom began to fuck faster. She was riding my cock with great velocity, her hot furry pussy moving eagerly over the length of my cock. With every plunge, she was wailing with ecstasy. Then she bent her body putting her hands over my shoulder; she increased her pumping. Mom's pussy was dripping profusely as I could feel her juices flowing down my shaft. I watched intently her tight sheath opening and closing onto my shaft with each stroke. Mom was on seventh heaven, constantly moaning and crying as she moved her cunt along the length of my cock.

"Fuck me, mom! Fuck me." I gasped in a hoarse voice moving my hip upward to meet her thrust, trying to drive my rigid tool deep inside her sopping cunt. I could feel another summit approaching.

"Harder mom, harder," I was panting. "Make me cum inside your hairy pussy."

"Oh yes!" Mom slammed her hairy slit down onto my cock, crying in fury. "Cum inside your mommy's cunt, honey."

I knew I could no longer control my ejaculation. I buried my fingers into her ass fiercely to pull her cunt completely over my organ and started plunging her cunt furiously. Mom gave a wild shriek, her whole body shaking with her orgasm building up.

Suddenly, I pulled her onto my chest, lifted my hip to drive my cock fully into her ravished cunt and ejaculated. The hot, thick cum juice splashed against her soft cunt muscles; her hairy cunt squeezing my cock forcefully, trying to suck every drop of semen out of it. Mom gave a sharp cry as her orgasm shot through her body, her cunt convulsing involuntarily around my spitting organ. I could feel our mutual spending moving down my shaft and slowly accumulating in my pubic hair.

Once the trembling in her pussy stopped mom slumped forward putting her face over my chest. She licked my hairy chest, which was showing little beads of perspiration. Her cunt was still gripping my cock and was mildly twitching around it. She wrapped her arms around my neck and hugged me tightly.

Once we were in control of our breathing, mom lifted her head and resting her chin over my chest she looked at me. I took her face into my hands and kissed her fully on the lips.

"Mom! You are the best fuck I ever had." I told her, and I was not lying. "I think that I am the luckiest man on earth."

"Thank you, honey," Mom returned the smile. "Thanks for making me happy. Since your dad started fooling around with that horny bitch, he had almost stopped sleeping with me and I virtually forgot how if felt to be fucked with a nice cock."

"I was earlier mad with dad," I replied with a cunning smile. "But now I feel that it was the best thing that could have happened to us, otherwise, I would not have gotten a chance to fuck you."

"Yes," Mom eyes too were sparkling. She touched my limp cock and squeezed it lightly. I caressed her hairy mound, wet with our spending, running my fingers along its cum filled wetness. "My little lover is much better than my hubby, and I am happy about it. Last night you slept, but I couldn't. I was feeling so guilty for doing such a thing with my own son. Deep in my heart, I knew that I had enjoyed our fuck very much and my pussy was begging for more. It was that guilt feeling that forced me to say what I said to you this morning. But, when I went to my bedroom tonight on the pretext of sleeping, I realized almost immediately that I desperately needed this massive tool of yours inside my cunt. And I am very happy that I gave in, I don't feel any guilt now and I really love your big cock that gave me so much pleasure and made me feel so good."

I listened to mom coolly. She was telling the truth. I didn't know whether I would be able to love any other women as I loved my mom now. She meant everything to me. I removed my cum filled fingers from her pussy and rubbed it over my lips and looked at mom. Without hesitation mom bent her body and started sucking my lips, licking the traces of cum out off my lips. I was surprised that my cock was again getting hard which was not a very common thing. Mom had really driven me wild with lust for her; otherwise, it would not be possible for me to regain hardness thrice in quick succession.

Suddenly, mom shivered. I realized we were still in the lounge near the fireplace, which was slowly losing its glow and warmth. The snowstorm outside our house was still reverberating with maddening rage. The lounge was getting little colder now.

"Honey," Mom shivered again. "It won't be wise to get sick just lying here. We've got to make for every second you are here. Lets go to my room. It'll be much better there."

"Sure, mom!" I lifted my naked mom in my hands and walked towards the staircase. Mom put her arms around my neck, running her lips along my cheeks and lips. We didn't bother to collect our clothes. I climbed the staircase, opened my mother's bedroom door and entered it. The bedroom was much warmer than the lounge. I took mom to her bed and hopped beside her. We pulled the quilt and properly tucked ourselves. I pulled mom's little body into me. She cuddled into my arms, her back touching my chest and her tight tiny ass rubbing against my cock, which had regained most of its lost hardness and my hands fondling mom's erect nipples from behind.

I ran my tongue over mom's neck, slowly nibbling at her ears. Mom responded by moving her hand down to my thighs and touching my cock, which was teasing at her ass crack. My hand again moved to her pubic region cupping her cum filled pussy and lightly playing with her clit. Mom took hold of my cock and ran it across her crack. I enjoyed the feeling for a while. Slowly mom put my cock head against her anal opening and rubbed it roughly with its swollen head.

Taking the hint, I moved my hand from her pussy to her ass. Leaving her grip from my cock, she took my hand in her hand and guided it to her puckered hole. I probed her ass with my fingers, feeling its wrinkled mouth and strands of sparse soft hair around it. Slowly, I poked my index finger inside her puckered hole and mom responded with a muffled cry. Her ass muscles were very tight, but I kept on pushing my finger inside it till it was buried up to the knuckle. I slowly started moving my finger in and out of her ass. It was clear from mom's reaction that she was enjoying my finger inside her tight ass.

I didn't know whether mom had any anal intercourse beforehand or not, but anal sex was an unknown thing to me. Carla was strictly against it, and she never allowed me to lick her ass or ever insert my finger inside it. I didn't have any clue about the taste of a woman's ass and with time it had become a sort of repulsive idea to me also. But, when my mom guided my hand towards her ass, I realized it was not revolting and I found myself very eager to taste her ass. I really wanted to stick my tongue up her shithole and taste its flavor.

I pulled out my finger, brought it near my lips, inhaled the pungent aroma emanating from it and slowly touched it with my tongue. I didn't feel anything repulsive about it, so I put the entire finger inside my mouth and sucked it earnestly. I looked at mom who had turned around and been looking at me intently. After sucking for a moment, I pulled the finger out of my mouth. With my lips and widened eyes I articulated to mom that it was very yummy and then I offered it to mom bringing it near her face. Mom sniffed the smell of her own ass on my finger and without any hesitation she took it completely inside her mouth and started sucking it vigorously.

There was nothing to say, nothing to explain. Mom knew what I wanted, and it was her wish also. Within a second, the quilt was thrown revealing our naked bodies. Mom lied down on her stomach. I took a pillow and put it below her stomach elevating her rump towards me. I looked at those fine globes of tight muscles and the beautiful crack between them. With my hands, I spread her tight cheeks and had the first vision of my mother's puckered hole. I looked at the soft wrinkled hole surrounded by tiny strands of blonde hairs and tried to think about the delicious depth lying below it. Her dark brown opening was looking at me invitingly, welcoming me to explore it, to taste it and to ravish it.

I bent my head and ran my tongue across the length of her crack. I chewed lightly her spongy ass cheeks sending waves of pleasure through my mother's body. I licked the valley between her cunt and ass. I could hear mom moaning lightly. Finally, my tongue traveled to her puckered hole. I wetted my tongue and slowly touched her ass hole. Her pungent intoxicating smell filled my nostrils. Skillfully, I licked her hole getting my first taste of a real woman's ass. I was happy that it belonged to my mother. The mild acrid taste was mind boggling, and I knew that in future I would never let go an opportunity to enjoy the taste of a beautiful ass.

Mom was earnestly enjoying the music, which my adept tongue was playing with her shithole, and she was dancing to its tune. She was thrusting her ass high up in the air giving a better access to my exploring tongue. Leaving away her all inhibitions, mom was again howling unashamedly, uttering all those nasty words which I had never expected to hear from her. I brought my hand to her cunt; my fingers entering her pussy filled with my cum. I collected a scoop with my fingers, and bringing them back I glued that thick fluid over mom's shithole. My tongue was now enjoying a delicious recipe made of our fuck fluids and the natural ingredients of mom's shithole. Mom rear hole was wet with my saliva.

After eating mom's ass for a long period I finally withdrew my tongue. My cock was fully erect now, ready to delve into the darker depths of my mother's asshole. I took my hard cock into my hand and put its bulging head at her puckered hole. Suddenly mom turned to me.

"Honey, please make it easy. This is my first time."

Bingo! I jumped with joy. My mom was a virgin. I would be the man to take her anal maidenhood. My cock sprang with delight, and suddenly it seemed to be puffier.

"Don't worry mom, I'll be careful." Though I had no intentions but I tried to calm her. "If you feel any discomfort, please tell me. I'll stop immediately."

Mom looked relaxed. I was sure she would not ask me to stop; still, for her satisfaction I got off the bed and went to her dressing table. I tried to search for some lubricant. Mom told me that a box of petroleum jelly was in the drawers. I took the box and returned to my original position. I scooped a large amount of jelly and smeared it across her shithole, even adding some quantity inside her hole by inserting my fingers. I added some jelly to my cock also.

Mom lifted herself up off the bed as I kneeled behind her. Again, pointing my cock head against her puckered hole I drove forward, trying to open her tight little virgin hole. Because of the lubrication her tightly closed hole gave up slowly allowing passage to my impaling organ. But, sudden stretching of taut anal muscles must have caused her pain as she gasped, but she didn't try to move away or complain.

I pulled my cock slightly out to ease some of her pain and again pushed inside lightly. This time the response was better. I inserted my complete cock head inside her ass and let it be there for a moment so that mom could accommodate to the feeling of the first cock inside her ass. I worked my cock in and out slowly driving it deeper into her rectum. I could feel her tight ass muscles gripping my cock, and it was quite different from the way her cunt had clutched my cock in our earlier session. I continued my slow, steady penetration of her shithole till the complete length of my cock was buried inside.

When my cock was fully buried inside mother's asshole, I felt her muscles relaxing a bit indicating that she was now enjoying her virgin ass being fucked by her own son's cock. I slowly started moving in and out. I cherished the tight feel of her anus around my organ as it moved back and forth within her. I loved the sight of my hard prick disappearing into her stretched hole. If my penetration was still hurting her, she didn't show any sign other than a meek grunt when I pushed my cock deeper into her hole and those grunts also were slowly converting to moans of deep and fervent passion.

I increased my fucking and mom responded with lifting her ass more in air to accommodate my thrusts, her ass muscles squeezing around my tool as it moved in and out. My thighs were continuously bumping mom's delicate back in a ferocious manner, and my balls hitting her pussy lips with every down stroke.

Mom's body was no more supported on the pillow; it was rather high in air. The extreme friction offered by her anal cavity was finally starting to take its toll as I was feeling another summit approaching. I increased my tempo and at last it reached to a crescendo as I ejaculated with a sharp cry spraying my seed into her anal passage. Without a whimper her ass drank it all, sucking my cock deep inside her.

I grabbed mom in my arms, driving my cock far into her, forcing her down on her stomach, squashing her tits into the bed beneath her. Mom cried out in pain as if my fat cock tore into her guts. Slowly the jerking in my cock subsided. Mom's ass continued milking my cock till it was devoid of the last drop of cum.

After completely drenching her shithole, my cock started softening. I pulled it out of her ass, still wet with my oozing cum and the lubrication. I looked down at mom, lying spread-eagled on her belly. Her ass was wide open, slowly contracting back to its original puckered state and a white gluey fluid dribbling down her crack and slowly moving towards the narrow valley between her crack and her pubic region.

I slumped beside mom, trying to catch my breath. Mom was still lying in the same position, her head resting on the bed. I closed my eyes and stayed there for a very long period. I got back to my senses when I heard mom moving. I opened my eyes. Mom was getting off the bed. She smiled at me; her eyes still filled with lust. I smiled back at her, and rounding my lips and without uttering any sound I told her that she was a great fuck. She read my lips and smiled again and then went to the bathroom.

Lying down there I took stock of the events happened in last two days. I came here very reluctant and only for one day, very eager to finish my Christmas celebrations with mom and then to return immediately. Now I didn't want to return at all. Earlier I was unhappy that the weather was miserable, trapping me here, and now I was happy that the bad weather is continuing and that meant I had more and more time alone with mom. I eagerly waited for mom to tell her that there is no Carla waiting for me at the college, and now I shall be spending my whole vacation in her arms, fucking and sucking her sweet pussy as well as her delicious ass.

I heard the door of bathroom opening; standing there was my mom displaying all her naked charms to her only son. I looked at her and she came back to my welcoming arms. I pulled her into my arms and planted a deep kiss on her lips. Mom cuddled into my embrace, her head resting over my arms. I put my leg over her thighs, my flaccid cock resting against her bush. I wished myself good luck. I thanked God for the bad weather, for getting me trapped in my home, alone with my horny mom. I was happy that I was stuck here; I was trapped in paradise.