Under My Son's Control
by mattwatt
Copyright© 2011 by mattwatt


Pages: Prev | 1 | 2 | Next

Pool Party

Donna struggled, in vain but struggled, with Donnie. He had a grip on her that he wouldn't relinquish but she tried to prevent him from taking her out to the pool.

She agreed to try on the new one piece white, stretch lycra bathing suit that he'd bought her, and she had been flattered and pleased at the time that he bought it. But she was a bit shy of showing off for his friends, now that it actually came to doing it. Their struggle had begun good-humoredly enough, with Donna giggle and trying to get away from him. But Donnie had grown and at nineteen, here with his jock buddies, was certainly too strong for Donna.

"Please, honey, I don't want to go out there with this on; I'm not ... uh ... not really ready," she said, stopping her struggling to talk to her.

She knew, however, that she never won these encounters with Donnie, especially after they talked about this. They only happened periodically because for most of the time, Donna was content to be overruled by Donnie. It was part of her pleasure, her outlook, almost her mission in life, pleasing her son.

She was telling herself now, as she looked at his handsome and, she admitted, exasperated face, that she was being silly about the white bathing suit.

His face changed then and he apparently had come to a decision:

"Well, Mom," he said, "If you don't want to wear the white bathing suit to show the guys, you just don't have to."

"Thank you, honey," she said, "I'll wear it for you later, getting it wet and all!"

"I guess," he said, and then went on: "Well, let's go."

She just looked at him, not sure of what he meant and squealed loudly, as he swooped down at her, with her shrieking again, and simply gathered her up and slung her over his shoulder, walking toward the doors of the family room toward the pool where his three pals were waiting for him.

They burst into applause and cheers, as Donnie emerged from the house with his struggling Mother over his shoulder. Her position, over his shoulder, displayed for them, with almost no hindrance from the material of the white bathing suit, her firm, and rounded ass cheeks.

She struggled a bit and he said, in a tone of voice that she actually knew better than defy:

"Mother, stop it!"

"Yes, Donnie!' she said meekly, and one of the black kids in the pool, mimicked:

"Yes, Donnie!"

Donnie flashed a grin at him, and said: "That's my girl."

Meanwhile Donna was silent, still over Donnie's shoulder, and resigned to what he was going to do. She'd parade for them in the white suit, that much was clear. Then Donnie spoke.

"Guys, my Mom, gorgeous woman that she is, is still, however, a bit shy. We've had this little dialogue going on..."

Here a voice interrupted: "Dialogue? Hell of a cool dialogue, man!"

Donnie flashed another grin, and went on:

"Well, she didn't want you to see her in her new white bathing suit."

He put her down at that point, and she, with good grace, dipped a curtsy to them, and they applauded.

"Sooooo," Donnie continued, "I've decided that I won't make her be out her in the white suit."

"Thank you, Donnie, honey," she said meekly but she let out a sound between a squeal and a scream, at what Donnie did next:

"We'll just take it off!"

"Doooooonnnnnnnniiiiiiieeeeee!" she shrieked, her sound was a mixture of shock, anxiety and all out gaiety.

But he was moving and what he was doing rendered her speechless. She was like the animal in the headlights right then and there.

He pulled down the thin straps of the suit, and exposed her large tits. Her hands flew to her breasts to cover them, and he growled at her:

"Woman, don't make it any worse for yourself than it is now! Drop those hands."

She obeyed, saying: "Yes, sir!" (At that moment it was only Donna and her beloved Donnie in the world, the others weren't there for her and didn't count.) But they began a chant: "Strip her! Strip her! Strip her!"

Donnie continued to pull the suit down and off, lifting each leg in turn. He leaned in and, with her blushing a brilliant red, placed a kiss directly on her pubic mound, to the thunderous applause of his mates. Then he twirled the suit over his head like a banner, while Donna stood there not knowing what to do. But he acted again right away. She scooped her up and had her, squealing again, over his shoulder and took her to the edge of the pool.

"Since she's been such a bitch about this," he began.

"Donnie, honey please!" she said, interrupting him.

"Don't interrupt me, woman!" he said then and went on: "She wears no suit at all."

Having said that, he threw her into the middle of the pool, the other three at the edge of the pool, were clapping and cheering.

Donna hit the water, squealing all the way.
Donna And Donnie

The birth of a son had been the very best of Donna Cain's life. That much she never ever doubted. It was still true with her at her present age, thirty eight.

She was a fairly strong willed woman in her own right, with means from her parents and financially independent, even when Ralph finally took off, complaining that he didn't like playing 'second fiddle' to his son, which Donna would admit that he did.

Donna was tall at 5'6", and an auburned hair beauty, who lived, right from that first moment, for her son, Donnie. She began, even from infancy, a kind of life long seductive relationship that fulfilled both of them.

(We need to say that this relationship was never crass, never, in her mind or intentions, dirty or abusive. She loved little Donnie in every way that was possible. Her husband, from the first, mattered less, and the 'needs' that she expressed with him were gradually pushed aside also. The very thought or mention of another child, to 'replace or shove away' her Donnie was painful to her and the cause of a number of run-ins with Ralph, before he left.) Her games with Donnie started with him as a baby. She never thought of them in any light or any fashion other than 'playing with Donnie'. When he was a baby, at the end of one of his baths, she was kissing his belly, when, not consciously meaning to, she kissed her way down and took his entire little penis, ball sack and all into her mouth. It was part of the play of making raspberries against his stomach, and the laugh that it elicited from Donnie was worth everything.

She did that as a fairly regular practice, when he was a baby, always to the same delight and uncontrolled giggling from him.

The practice, which they came to call 'her funny thing' went on, in an off and on fashion right to the time when Donnie was about 3 or 4, when Donna explained to him that 'since he was such a big boy now'--a statement that made him proud, she wouldn't play those silly games, like 'the funny thing' any more. She asked if he understood and he assured her, in a kind of adult fashion, that he did. It was settled.

It was after that, when Donnie began to come in to the bathroom, when she was in the bathtub to talk to her. She didn't really mind; she'd tried to be open with him about the body and nudity and all. He got to wash her back, which, when he was present, was 'his job'.

They would fool with each other and play little jokes on each other. It as part of their life together and their games.

One incident told about their relationship, as it was developing. Donna was in the bath and Donnie entered. On these occasions, Donna made it a habit lately to never get up and expose herself to him completely. She didn't think it was a good idea any more. Showing her breasts was, as far as she was concerned, marginal but okay.

"Hey, Mom," he'd said..."Wash your back?"

"Good, honey; how's my man?" she asked.

"Fine," he said with a giggle in his voice.

"Oh dear, what's up with the jokester?" she wanted to know.

He turned his back on her for a minute, prompting her to say:

"What are you doing, goose?"

What he did next was something that she never forgot. With a pixieish look on his face, her turned to her, showing her that his penis was out and he peed on her!

She couldn't have been more shocked!

"Whaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa..." she shouted, as he continued.

"Makin' Mommie wet!" he said in a sing song voice and spread his thin stream of pee to her face.

She bolted out of the bath at that point and grabbed him, with both of them giggling and laughing and then she pulled him into the bath tub shouting in triumph:

"Making Donnie wet!"

He did it again the following week one night, with pretty much the same results. After that she had one of her 'Donna and Donnie' talks with him about not doing that kind of thing any more. They laughed, during their talk, about when he used to do that spontaneously as a baby, when he was being washed but he said that he understood, when she told him that people wouldn't understand their game, and maybe they shouldn't do it.

From a kind of a sense of independence, he did do it one more time. This time it was done defiantly, and he said, when he was done, and putting his penis away:

"Okay, now we stop because I want to!"

"Yes, Donnie," she said, knowing him well enough to be aware of the fact that, when he said it like that, he meant it. It would now stop.

Donna was secretly relieved at the decision that was finally made about it, since she realized that in some deep corner of her mind she liked what he'd done and also liked his determination to end the practice on his own terms. She placed it in the back of her mind along with 'funny thing' incidents of his early childhood.

The next memorable step along the way in their relationship happened a few years later. It also happened to be the one incident in their growing and changing relationship that really scared Donna.

Donnie was getting ready for Jr. High. He was at a volatile age and new things were happening all the time. He and Donna had had the 'sex talk' and she thought it went well. Donnie constantly seemed to be older than his years. Donna was a bit embarrassed but the way that they'd conducted their relationship all along, the closeness of it, made the 'sex talk' not a difficult one for them.

She was in the tub, luxuriating in a rare but satisfying bubble bath, when he burst into the room with all of the vigor and Žlan of a ten year old, to announce triumphantly that he'd produced 'love juice'.

Donna just stared and couldn't help suppress a smile. She made no move to hide her breasts, when he said:

"Sorry, Mom, but I wanted to show you. I can do this."

She realized then that he was about to masturbate there to show her.

"But Donnie!" she protested softly, "It should be private."

"I know that," he said in exasperation, "But I need to show you this once."

"Yes, Donnie," she said, and sat back.

He began then a process of squeezing the head of his stiff penis. It was enough to make Donna laugh, seeing him work so hard and getting no results because he was doing it the wrong way.

He became increasingly frustrated with his lack of progress, and, she realized, was close to tears.

"Donnie, honey," she said, "You're not doing it right."

"No?" he wailed, disappointed.

"No, honey," she said, and made up her mind. "You go into your bedroom and just this once I'll show you how to do that."

"Will you, Mom?" he said, enthused again, "You're super!"

He went off toward his bedroom quickly.

"What do you think you're doing?" she said to herself. "Just this once won't hurt," was the answer she gave herself, and got out of the tub.

Her shady decision was then compounded by another that she made right away. She slipped on her robe only and went to his room.

"All ready sport?" she asked.

In a flourish, that was so typical of Donnie, he threw back the covers to reveal his nakedness. It made her laugh:

"You goose!" she said, sitting on the edge of the bed, and ran her hand up his thigh.

She noticed, with some pride, that his stiff erection was getting to be, even for his age, fairly big.

"Look at my big man!" she said as she grasped his bobbing erection in her hand.

Then she made a decision that would burn this incident into a special memory for both herself and Donnie. She shrugged her shoulders and took off her robe. She didn't question why at the time. With the setting and the way she was feeling, giving in to a kind of a fantasy, it seemed the thing to do.

"You're lovely, Mom," he said.

"Thank you, honey," she said, then she went on.

"Now this is how you do it, honey," she said.

She showed him how to jerk off, slowly at first and then vigorously working on his erect penis until he stiffened and shot the cum all over himself.

"Wow!" he said, wide eyed, when she was done. She went to get a wash cloth to clean him up, and found him just lying there and smiling.

"That was awesome, Mom," he said. "Thanks."

"My pleasure, honey," she answered.

"Especially with you all naked and everything," he said next with a giggle.

"Goose," was her only comment, as she grabbed for her robe.

Then, before she could get it, he snatched the robe away from her and said:

"Mom, do it one more time, and I promise that I won't ask again!"

She sighed, willing herself to not be turned on by what was happening; demanding that she see it only as a kind of way to teach him about life, and she realized what she was going to do.

"Well, honey, just for this once, I'll show you; there's another, wonderful way!"

She began this time by jerking him off slowly, very slowly. She smiled at him and kept her eyes on him all the while.

"Are you going to do this?" a small insistent voice demanded to know.

"I am," was the equally quiet response to that voice, as she lowered her head and took the crown of his good sized cock into her mouth.

"Mom!!!!!!!!!!" he said in a deep sigh.

"Shhhh," she said softly, "Just this once, honey! Nothin' wrong here; nothin' bad here. Just you and your Mom, lovers like we are."

Her head went back down and her mouth surrounded his cock again, and she began to suck him off. He was into it immediately, reaching for the back of her head and moaning. She moved her mouth in the middle of the blow job to take his little balls into her mouth and such on them. She was rewarded with a profound sigh from him. He didn't last very long and she moved her head to take all of his cock into her mouth for the final. He came and came into her mouth. She also kept the cock in her mouth until he was cleaned off.

She made a move to get up but he said softly:

"Thanks, Mom, that was wonderful; and I know, one time only."

"One time only!" she said, and then he asked her:

"Mom, stay for a bit with me."

She smiled at him and turned him onto his side and snuggled into bed with him, pulling the covers up and over them, her own nakedness snuggled against his. He sighed and said a soft:

"I love you, Mom!" as he drifted off, never seeing the tears on her cheeks or hearing her own agonizing:

"Oh, I love you too, Donnie, so much."
The Pool

She hit the water amid the cheering and clapping of all four of the guys present, including Donnie, who stood and was grinning down at her. She looked up at him and got a kind of pixieish look on her face and moved toward the edge of the pool.

"Look, fellas," she said, as she got to the edge of the pool, "Here's the lady of the house." She stood with her arms splayed out and simply displayed her nakedness to them. Then she turned and wiggled her ass cheeks at them.

"Now," she went on, "The lady of the house is going to go inside and put on her bathing suit, since all of you are wearing bathing suits and it would be impolite of me to be undressed, when you are all dressed. When I come out, I want you jocks to be on your best behavior. Savy?"

As she said it, she smiled at Donnie, who was standing by the pool and grinning at her, and she stuck her tongue out at him. She went into the house, and said to herself:

"The rascal! Now you take a deep breath, girl. You can do this! You don't want to disgrace him in front of his friends." She was grinning broadly as she said it, and she knew that she meant every word of it. She struggled into the white bathing suit, and combed her wet hair, so that it wasn't too bedraggled looking. Then she was ready to go out and face them, still giggling about him stripping her naked in front of his gorgeous friends. When she thought about it for a few moments, it was so much like him, especially like the way he'd become with her over these past few years.

She took a deep breath then and, wearing the white suit, went out to see what was next on his agenda. But they weren't there. She stared at where the four of them had been and didn't see them. Then she sensed a movement to her right and her left. There they were lurking on either side of the door, two of them to the right and two of them to the left, and now all four of them were naked.

Donna shrieked and took off running, out past the pool and out onto the yard, which ran on out to the woods. She was shrieking with laughter, when she yelled over her shoulder:

"Jocks can't catch me!"

Just as she said that she squealed again as one of them grabbed her by the back of her bathing suit and halted her progress totally. She was suddenly surrounded by the four of them, all of them young, muscular and naked.

"Oh, my!" was all that she could manage at first. Then she said:

"Uh, Donnie, I was just kidding about all that!"

"Kidding? On our best behavior? You're in trouble, woman, savy?"

"Yes, Donnie," she said softly and then began squealing again as they picked her up, one at each arm and leg and carried her to the pool. She was mesmerized by their bouncing cocks, as she was carried by them and unceremoniously thrown into the water.

She wailed a long and loud: "Donnnnnnniieeeeeeeee" as she went sailing through the air and landed in the middle of the pool She surfaced spluttering but regained her composure quickly and marched to the edge of the pool, where they were waiting for her. She did another display stance, with her arms splayed out.

"Like it, guys?" she asked. "Like Donnie's girl?"

The wet bathing suit did nothing to hide her nakedness, and they cheered for her again, as they had previously.
Growing

Their relationship had changed only gradually over the years. Donna made no bones of the fact that she catered to Donnie's moods and whims. They settled together into a mode of dealing with each other that was pleasing to both of them. But there was certainly a tension that was growing between them, for both of them remembered those early days and the 'funny thing', as well as Donna's instructions to Donnie about how to masturbate. Those memories never faded for either one of them.

Donna's pleasure in Donnie only continued to grow as he entered high school and began to fill out and become a very handsome young man. They talked now and again about girls but he seemed to be content to play the field, saying all the time that 'she was his girl' and he was fine with that. It always made her giggle.

Their relationship took its next big leap, when Donnie was ready. He was living a life with remembrances burned into his mind; they were remembrances of his Mom's sexy nakedness on that occasion, when she'd given him a 'one time' blow job. It was a constant source of tension with him, spurred on by every instance where he might catch her not completely dressed, bending over, or any other of the hundreds of little ways that it seemed that she presented herself to him.

It was his decision to take the relationship further. It was a Tuesday night. She told him that she was going to take a shower. Lately those times, when he knew that she was just down the hall taking her clothes off, were the most difficult times for Donnie. He had begun a practice of jerking off, when she went to take her shower, with the images of her nakedness running through his mind.

All of this was running through his head, when he made a decision that was one of the most important for both of them, and their relationship. He had his running shorts down and his cock in his hand and, pulling the shorts up, and throwing off his tee shirt, he went to her bathroom. He unceremoniously opened the door, catching her bending over, as she was slipping off her shorts. She was wearing only a pair of violet colored panties.

She wasn't completely surprised. She knew enough about the two of them to see that one day, they would have to do something about the tension between them. Only, normally she dreaded the thought because all that she could see that could be done was him moving out.

"Donnie!" she said, standing up and letting him simply look at her.

"Mother," he said, his voice husky with his arousal, "You are so fucking gorgeous!"

"Thank you, honey!" she said and she waited. She knew that something was about to happen and she was going to let it happen at his pace. She wasn't going to argue about anything that he had in mind. That much she knew.

"I am so tired of lying in the other room, thinking about you and jerking off, while you're in here taking your clothes off! Give me your panties!"

It was a sign of what their relationship had become, how it had progressed with almost a life of its own, growing even relatively unattended, that she didn't hesitate. She'd swallowed her initial surprise and would let him do what he wished. She hooked her thumbs in the waist band of her violet panties and skinned them down past her thighs, hips and ass and off. She handed them to him.

"You watch!" he said, making a demand.

"Yes, Donnie!" she said softly, her breath catching in her throat as he pulled his running shorts down and off, displaying his large cock.

"So big, darling!" she said without thinking at all. It made him smile.

"Bigger than dad?" he asked.

"Hell," she said with a giggle, "Everyone's bigger than your Dad but that's huge compared to old Ralph."

"Now, Mom," he said, pulling them back to the mood, "This is what you do to me. You watch. Watch me!"

"Yes, Donnie!" she said again, as she stared at his cock and watched him proceed to jerk off into her panties. She never took her eyes off of what he was doing, as he played with his prick. She stood there in the bathroom naked and watched her son, her love Donnie make a kind of declaration to her, and she understood.

He came into her panties, cleaning the head of his cock with the satiny-silky fabric, once he was done and then he handed the panties back to her.

"I wanted you to see that," he said. "I'm tired of doing it in secret every time that I know you're in here with your clothes off."

Then he just turned to leave, picking up his running shorts.

"Donnie," she called to him, so that at the door, he turned back to her. "Thank you, honey," she said. Then as if to explain to him what she was going to do next, she said: "I'll just shower now!"

"Fine, Mom," he said, and left.

Once he was gone, she leaned against the wall of the bathroom and sighed to herself:

"Oh my! He's like a god! Beautiful! Muscular! Lovely, lovely ass! Gorgeous cock! And I live with that every day!"

She was humming to herself, as she went into the shower. Her mind was moving at a mile a minute, replaying what had just happened, replaying all the things that had happened in the past.

By the time the shower was done, she had made up her mind. She combed her hair, and put on some lipstick, and she was ready. Naked, she went out the bedroom door and down the hall way to his room. She knocked lightly.

"Yes?" he said.

"Donnie, it's me, Mom, may I come in please?" she asked very politely.

"Sure, mom," he said.

When she opened the door, she found him lounging on his bed still wearing only the running shorts.

"Mom!" he said in a tone of voice that showed all of his appreciation for her nakedness.

"Donnie," she said softly, "Although I taught you how to masturbate, I still don't think that you're doing it right. Maybe you'll want another lesson?"

His grin was huge. "Super idea, Mom," he said. He put his arms behind his head and said:

"You just come over here and show me."

His attitude captured her attention immediately. She loved it. She was suddenly blindingly aware of that fact. He was lying there like the prince waiting for the chamber maid to do something dirty with him, and she was determined that she would.

She spoke up to him softly: "Donnie, before I show you, do you mind terribly if I do something for me?"

"No, pretty lady," he said, "You go right ahead."

She went to the bed and without hesitating, but keeping her eyes riveted on him, began by pulling his running shorts down and off, exposing his erection. She gave him a huge smile and then engulfed the head of his cock with her mouth.

He spoke then: "This isn't one time only, Mom!"

"No, Donnie," she agreed, "This is only the beginning."

Then she moved her head and began to bobb it up and down on his cock.

"This is the way it should be," he exulted, "You sucking my cock! Lovely mouth on my prick! The way it should be!"

She stopped and looked up at him and said:

"Yes, sir, it is!"

"Polite!" he said to her then.

"I need to be!" Donna answered and went back to sucking the cock in her mouth. She moved her head, using her lips and tongue until he was ready to cum.

"Cumming!" he said in a strained voice, and grabbed the back of her head. She was ready for him to do that, knowing it would happen and took a deep breath, as he pulled her head all the way down onto his cock. She breathed through her nose and took him, all of him, while he flooded her throat with his cum. She kept him in her mouth until she'd cleaned him off and then snuggled into his armpit.

"Mom," he said quietly, "It's about time we began to do this!"

"Yes, honey," she answered, "I've been waiting for this, for you, all my life!"

She never left him that whole night. The snuggling was wonderful. In the morning she was up and awake before he was. She was also aware that they were, that next morning, at a kind of crisis point, and she wanted to be ready. She went to her room, fixed her hair, and selected a pair of pink panties that were thin enough to display both ass cheeks and pussy hair. Then she put on thigh high stockings and a pair of heels, and she was ready.

She knew Donnie enough to know that the smell of breakfast was sure to wake him, and she began to prepare the breakfast, wearing, despite her sexy outfit, only an apron. She waited for him, and heard him coming.

As he approached the kitchen he said in a contrite voice: "Mom, about last night..."

Then his voice faltered, and he said a loud: "Oh, shit! Mom! Look at you!"

"The master likes?" she asked, dipping a curtsy to him.

He grinned and suddenly his swaggering control of the situation was back:

"The master likes very much!"

He went to her then and had her in his arms, saying softly:

"I was afraid that last night had ruined us..."

She put her finger on his lips and said: "It's as we said last night, as you said last night 'Not only one time'! Donnie, my love, my master, this is now for us. I don't know how long it will last but it's now for us. Enjoy it; enjoy me! It's been such a long time in coming."

He silenced her with a kiss, and breaking off the kiss gave her a huge slap on the ass. She squealed and jumped. He said peremptorily:

"Breakfast, woman!"

"Coming, sir!' she replied, curtsying again.

"Not now but pretty soon," he answered with a grin.

After breakfast, he asserted his control again. He simply moved the breakfast things aside, and pushed her into a position over the table and fucked her there in the kitchen. He didn't worry about finesse, getting her pink panties down around her ankles and simply slipping into her.

"This isn't love making," he rasped out to her, almost in her ear, "This is just fucking!"

"Fucking is good!" she said, as she pushed her hips back at him, while he was thrusting in and out of her causing her to make deep, continuous noises of contentment.

He was maybe only half finished fucking her, when he slipped his cock out of her pussy, with her wailing her discontent. But quickly he was forcing her ass cheeks apart and pushing his slimy cock head against her puckered anus.

"Whaaaaa?" she wailed.

"Quiet, woman," he said, "I'm going to fuck your ass!"

"Oh, yes!" she said and pushed her hips back at him, making continuous noises as he inserted the head of his cock and began to fuck her ass, slapping the side of her ass cheeks as he did.

When he was done, he slumped over her with both of them resting on the table.

"Is this what you were angling for, wicked Lady?" he asked, biting the back of her neck.

She twisted and put her arms around his neck:

"Donnie, my Donnie," she cooed into his ear. "It's time at last, and I'm yours at last. This is precisely what I was angling for!"

"It'll be this kind of time for us," he said then.

"Yes, it will be, love, darling," was her answer.

"No regrets to come? No back peddling? No backing off?" he asked, gazing into her eyes.

"If I do, I promise that you can spank me!" she said with conviction.

"Oh, I think that I'll do that anyway!" was his next statement and she giggled and made a noise against his shoulder.

"You'd spank your old Mom?" she asked.

"No, but I'd spank my big titted babe in an instant!" he said twirling her around to loud squeals and giggles and slapping her naked ass hard.

"Oh, yes," she gushed, gluing herself to him, "Do that to me! Do that for me and anything else that you can think of!"

"Dangerous words, woman!" he said softly.

"True words," she said, kissing him, "Try me out!"

"I probably will!" was his promise at that point.

Later they were snuggled in the bed, after lunch. She spoke to him:

"Donnie, you fill me, just fill me so much!"

"No regrets, Mom?" he asked.

"None at all," she assured him, "This was such a long time coming, a long time coming, and I'm glad it's here."

"Boundaries? Restrictions?" he wanted to know.

To answer him, she raised herself up on her elbow and spoke to him earnestly:

"None, my Donnie! My only thought is that this is our time and you're absolutely in charge! Love me! Screw me! Use me! Sell me! Spank me! I'm yours honey, and this Momma's not gonna say 'no' to anything that you can devise!"

"How delicious!" he said, leaning down and biting her nipple.

"Anything but that," she squealed.

"Too late, broad!" he said to her, grinning into her face, and moving into position to fuck her one more time.

"Honey," she went on, earnest now herself, "I don't care how long it lasts; it goes on as long as you want it to! Just remember that. I'll love you forever and be your lover for as long as you want!"

"I want," he said, "Right now and for as long as possible!"

"Ohhh," she sighed, "Come to Momma!"

He did.

One of the things that he did talk to her about, a kind of wish, fantasy, was having her parade herself in front of his friends at the pool. She thought it was kinky but cool and they talked about it and decided to set it up. Of course, she almost, as we know by now, got 'cold feet' at the last moment.
The Pool

She held her arms in the air, in her presentation mode, while they cheered for her, and she never took her glance away for a minute from the nakedness of the four young college athletes in front of her.

"So now," she went on, "It'll be some entertainment! Ready?"

They cheered again, and she went, swinging her ass wildly, as she walked, to turn on the patio boom box. The music blared and she began to shuffle and dance.

(In college Donna had indeed been a dancer and loved all forms of dancing. She was also good at it. It was one of the things that Donnie always liked about her. He had always thought that it was an ability that 'made her cool'.) She did a little dance for them then, moving gracefully in time to the music, as they clapped in rhythm along with it. She turned her back to them, glancing over her shoulder and pushed down one bathing suit strap. They cheered.

She turned the other way and glancing at them again, pushed down the other suit strap to more cheering. Then she twirled around, pushing the suit down to her hips. She spread her legs apart and began to dance in such a way that her tits were swinging back and forth. They were going wild at that point. She marched down the pool steps into the water and then back up to the edge again with her suit at 'half mast'.

Donna notice with ill concealed joy that each of them was sporting a hard on, as they watched her performance.

She bent from the waist then and, with her back to them, began to swing her hips back and forth and push her wet bathing suit down past her hips and ass. She moved constantly in time to the music, finally stepping out of the bathing suit altogether. With her arms up in the air now, she swayed from side to side, sending her tits swinging wildly to each side, as she stomped back down the steps and into the water, and then, one more time, she retraced her steps to the edge of the pool, as the music crashed to a close.

Just as the music was closing she riveted her eyes on Donnie and marched into the pool again. This time she went into the water and waded toward him, as he got down from the edge of the pool and entered the water too, holding on to the side of the pool. They had been sitting on the side of the pool so that the water, when he went into it, was only up to his chest.

Under My Son's Control
by mattwatt
Copyright© 2011 by mattwatt


Pages: Prev | 1 | 2 | Next

Continuation...

Donna took two or three steps and then slipped into the water, her arms outstretched in front of her and headed for where Donnie was waiting for her. She reached him and poked her head above the surface saying:

"Hi, Donnie, Donnie; guess who's here?"

"Who?" he asked with a smile.

She began to sing loudly the theme music from 'Jaws', as she moved into the water. All of the four guys began to laugh.

She gave an all out grin and said: "Donna the mouth!"

She continued singing the mesmerizing theme song as she took a deep breath and went under the water. This time she put her arms around his hips and began to suck his cock, while she was still under water. She worked at him for a fairly long time, came up for breath only to go back down and continue to work on him.

"Can't fuckin' believe this!" one of his gaping friends said, watching Donnie get a blow job from his Mom.

"Believe it!" Donnie said, "Donna the mouth is here and will do everyone!"

Donna surfaced one more time and this time had Donnie cumming in her mouth, while her head was still under water. She came up grinning and said:

"Thank you, Donnie, Donnie!"

"Welcome Donna the M!' he said, "What now?"

"More tasty morsels, in sight," she said, moving now in the direction of the three friends, who sat waiting. One of them, a black kid named Marcus, asked:

"Hey, man, do we get to fuck her?"

That stopped Donna cold and she looked at Donnie. Both of them knew that it was he who would make that decision.

"No, that's a prize that's still only for me; today it's blow jobs only for everyone!" he answered.

She said a quiet: "Yes, sir!"

Just before she left go of him, Donna gave her son a quick kiss and said:

"Thank you, sir!"

He smiled and said: "Do your thing here; we'll talk about it later."

She moved along the wall arriving at the first kid, setting there, still naked, as were all of them, and said:

"Hi there! I'm Donna the Mouth and you are?"

As she said this she was talking not to the kid setting on the wall but directly to his prick. She spoke to it as though it were the person that she would be dealing with. Then she kissed the cock head, and the kid, named Juan, moaned:

"I can't fuckin' believe this!"

"I can," Donna said, raising her head a moment.

"To work, woman!" Donna yelled at her.

"Nag, nag, nag," she said but saw Donnie moving in the water toward her and said quickly:

"Going to work now, just doing it, you watch, you see, very good here!" And she engulfed Juan's cock head as soon as she was finished speaking.

She worked at the cock in her mouth, occasionally glancing up at Juan, who was receiving the blow job and giving him a wink. She brought him off quickly enough and swallowed a self satisfied look on her face.

Then she moved along the wall to Marcus, who was next. She extended a hand to his handsome, big black cock and shook it, as though meeting the prick and shaking hands with it.

"Fuckin' woman is looney!" Marcus said with a grin.

"Yeah, that's my Donna!" Donnie said.

"Pleased to meet you, sir! You look big and tasty; do you mind?" All of this, of course was addressed a the cock, which by then was in Donna's mouth and being sucked.

"Fuckin' knows how to treat a prick!" Marcus said next, straining his hips forward to meet Donna's busy mouth. She teased the prick head for a bit and then continued by sinking her mouth down on the cock all the way. She worked and worked and eventually got all of Marcus' cock in her mouth.

"Mmmmm," she grinned at him, stroking his slimy prick, as she did, and then it was back to the sucking. She made loud noises with his mouth, as Marcus leaned back on his hands and pushed his hips forward, cumming into Donna's mouth.

"Fuckin' mouth!" Marcus said with some wonder in his voice, as she came.

"You liked?" Donna asked.

"Fuckin' too right!" Marcus replied and then to Donnie:

"Thanks, man!"

"One more treat," Donna crooned, as she moved along the wall, "Then it's me and Donnie for more treats, for us."

"And you are, my brave man," she said, "Addressing Will's prick, the last of the group."

She played with the cock a bit and then said: "Oh, yes, feeding time with Will!" She began the last of the blow jobs. Will was really excited and didn't take very long to come off, spurting into her mouth.

"Mmm," she said, "Tasty, excited! I like that! Thank you, sir!"

She swam away from them then, on her back, grinning as they watched her tits floating and her pussy hair above the blue water, and reached the end of the pool with her bathing suit, which she proceeded to put on. When she had the suit on again, she dipped a curtsy to the four fellows, who were clapping for her, and said:

"This ends the entertainment for the afternoon, guys. You can thank Donnie! He's the master here."

The four guys lounged at the pool for a while and then the three of them left. Donna, having dressed now in shorts and a tee shirt, collected a hug from each of them and a promise to return again some time soon.

She was in the kitchen working at lunch, when Donnie came in from seeing his friends off.

"Fantastic!" he said, and she twirled around with her arms up and extended for him and gathered him in.

"I didn't disgrace you too much?" she asked, speaking into his shoulder.

"It turned out just fine," he said, "But I do have one question: Who told you that you could dress? Are we finished here?"

She moved with alacrity, "No one, sir," she said quickly, grabbing at the tee shirt and jerking it upward. "Stripping, stripping now!" she said in a sing-song voice getting her clothes off quickly.

He took her by the hand then and led her into the family room. Pulling her into a kiss, he said to her:

"Rewards now for being such a good girl!"

He pushed her down onto the couch and gathered her knees over his shoulders. Donna sighed and cried out:

"Oho, Donnie's gonna eat Momma! Donnie's gonna eat Momma!"

"Quiet, woman," he said with mock fury, "Only sexual noises allowed."

"Yes, yes," she agreed, "Only sexual noises from me; you'll see."

With her knees over his shoulder, he began to kiss his way down her thighs until he was able to plan a kiss directly on her exposed pussy lips.

"Ohhhhhh!" she sighed and said: "Love that, Donnie! You take such good care..." her words were lost in more sighs, as his tongue now penetrated her pussy lips, and rummaged around inside her vagina. He had his arms clasped around her thighs and pulled her vaginal area into his mouth, as his tongue and lips worked on her.

She was becoming more and more frantic with the stimulation. He licked his way then down to her ass crack and slid his tongue along the crack of her ass, penetrating into the inner ass crack.

"Eeeeeeeeeep!" she squealed.

"Like that, girli?" he asked.

"Love that, sir!' she responded. "Keep doing that kind of thing and you get anything that you want."

"Mmmm," he said, "Nice promise."

"I'll deliver," was her next promise, as she became incoherent a bit from his pussy eating.

"Fuck now!" she said urgently, "Fuck now, now, nowwwwwww!"

He moved then, letting her legs go and slid up her body, pushing his cock into her already wet vagina and beginning to stroke in rhythm.

"Mmmmmmmmmm! That's what Momma loves!" she said, biting his shoulder and lowering her face for his kisses. "What Momma loves!"

"Yes," he said, straining, "Fuckin' my Momma, fuckin' my Donna! Fuckin' her now!," making loud noises as he came inside of her.

They rested then together and finally she announced that she'd have lunch for him shortly.

"But first this!" she said, gathering his flaccid, slimy cock into her mouth and cleaning it.
The Girls

Donnie was out playing basketball an afternoon a few days later, and Donna had her friends, Carol Anne, Rose and Vicky over for tea. They were having a giggle with each other. They had all once worked together but since then had gone their separate ways, but never lost contact and never let their friendship wane. Theirs had always been an intense and honest relationship. They talked with one another freely about their 'conquests' and such items.

They were in the middle of one of their extended giggles, when Donnie came in through the kitchen door. He was wearing a tee shirt, and basketball shorts, and was still dripping sweat from the game.

"How's my girl and her beautiful friends?" he asked, going to Donna and giving her a hug, where she sat.

"Sweaty!" Donna complained.

"Too bad!" was his comment.

"Come here," Vicky, a tall, well built afro American woman, said, "Some of us like sweaty!"

He went and wrapped an arm around Vicky, who was grinning at Donna, as he did it.

"See," he said to Donna, "Some people appreciate me!"

"Yes, sir!" Donna answered then, holding her arms out, "Come here, sweaty hug!"

"No," Carol Anne said, "You wait your turn now, girl!" and claimed a hug next, and then it was Rose's turn. Finally, Donna got another hug from Donnie, getting up and plastering herself to him to show that she liked even his sweatiness.

"What are you four lovely ladies plotting at today?" he asked pleasantly.

"You!" Donna said with a grin.

"Well, I'd better go and let you get on with it," was his reply and he kissed Donna's forehead and left the room.

Vicky spoke up first, and was speaking for the other three women, when she said:

"Donna, honey, I don't see how you can keep your hands off of that gorgeous boy!"

Donna grinned at the four of them and said softly: "Who says that I do?"

There was a profound silence for about a full minute and then they all began to talk at once. Donna just laughed.

They calmed a bit and Carol Anne spoke up: "Donna really?"

"Really?"

With a wide grin, Donna said: "He's the master here!"

"Master!" Vicky said, getting a bit glassy eyed at the prospect, "Oh, I like that."

Rose giggled and said: "Watch out, Donna, you're gonna make Vicky and Carol Anne wet!"

Vicky spoke up with a grin: "It's too late for 'gonna' in my case!"

"Oh, yes," Carol Anne agreed, "Donnie's the master! I like that. I do."

"Okay, pal," Vicky spoke up then. "Tell!"

She began softly but actually did bring them up to date about the relationship that she had with Donnie, and they loved it.

"That is so cool!" Carol Anne enthused.

"Yes," Vicky agreed, "But the major question is are you going to share?"

They all giggled at that prospect.

"Maybe I should," "Donna mused and the others just listened.

"Really?" Carol Anne said one more time.

"Really!" Donna answered and they were giggling again.

"What'll he think? We're your friends," Rose asked.

"What'll he think? He's my Donnie, I'm his Mom," Donna said, "And if I were to present him with three more lovely slaves, what do you imagine that he'd think?"

They were staring at her then.

"Three more slaves," Vicky said slowly and softly, "Okay, tell all now, girl, what is this little plan that you're hatching?"

"Well, his birthday is coming and I thought that maybe we could present a little kind of dramatic presentation for him," Donna said.

"Do tell!" Carol Anne encouraged.

As Donna talked, they worked on the details of Donnie's birthday surprise. The more they talked about it and planned, the more they seemed to like it:

"What do you think, girls?" Donna said finally.

"Me? I'd do anything that you suggest to be his slave!" Vicky said.

"Echo that!" Carol Anne agreed.

"Well, if everyone's in, then so am I," Rose concluded and the plans were laid.

They continued to make their plans, adding new features as the spirit took them, and giving in to giggles more often that not. It was following one such loud spate of giggles, which accompanied Donna's suggestion about what they would wear for Donnie's birthday special, that he came into the room.

"I don't know what it is but I do know that you're conspiring!" he said, as they turned to look at him, a few of them still giggling. He was showered now and dressed in a pair of shorts and a tee shirt.

"See, Mom," he said, "Not sweaty any more. All showered! All Clean!"

"Now why in heavens didn't you tell us," Vicky said with a wicked grin. "I, for one, would have gladly washed your back."

"Or your front," Carol Anne said.

"Or any part of you," Rose added.

They went into the giggling again at that point. Donnie smiled at them and said:

"Such ideas from gorgeous ladies! My, my talk about thrilling. But I have to go out. So, hold that thought!"

"We will," Donna said, and rose to give him a hug. He gave her a hug and kiss and then headed for the door.

"And, Donnie," Carol Anne added.

"Yes?" he said.

"Nice buns!" she added then. He grinned and the girls all giggled again.

"Mom, control your wild friends!" he said about to exit.

"You just bring out the beast in us girls!" Donna said, and they giggled again.

Once he was gone, Vicky broke in and said: "Donna, he is gorgeous. Now are you sure about this little plan of ours?"

"I think it's a great idea," Donna said, "What a birthday party. I'll write down all the details so that we each know exactly what's going to happen for his birthday."

They all agreed and then the tea party broke up. Donna got hugs at the door from each of her girl friends, as they left.
Donnie's Birthday

In order to shield what was actually scheduled to happen, at 'the great event' as the girls were now calling it, Donna arranged to take Donnie out to dinner, giving the girls time to gather at the house.

When they were back from dinner, and inside the door, Donna took Donnie in her arms and said, into his ear softly:

"I need a few moments to get your birthday present ready. Will you please wait here? I'll call you on the phone, when I'm ready and then you can come down to the basement family room to get it. Okay, love?"

"You up to something strange?" he asked, licking Donna's lips.

"Who me?" she asked wide eyed with mock surprise.

"Go," he said, "I'll wait."

She went into the family room and found the other women waiting for her, as they had all promised, she too got ready and they got themselves in a line, while Donna called Donnie on the phone, telling him to come ahead to the family room for his birthday gift.

He smiled to himself, wondering what his Mom was up to, and went to the door that led to the lower level family room. When he got down a few of the stairs he saw what was waiting for him in the room below and said a soft:

"Son of a bitch! I've never seen anything like this!"

They were arrayed in front of him, all four of them: Carol Anne, Vicky, Rose and Donna. They were, each of them bent from the waist, and standing ankle to ankle, with their backs to him. They were each wearing a black garter belt, black stockings, black 'fuck me' heels and nothing more!

Donnie stared and simply let out a whistle. Written across their ass cheeks were the words:

"HA PPY" on Carol Anne's ass.

"BIRTH" on Vicky's ass.

"DAY" on Rose's ass.

And "DONNIE" on Donna's ass.

On a cue from Donna, still bent over from the waist, they began to sing "Happy Birthday to you, Happy Birthday to you..."

By the time the song was finished, Donnie was down the stairs to where they were, and they were waiting for him. They were up from their bent over position and all of them grabbing him for a hug. He was almost overwhelmed. Written across their upper chest, just above their tits, were the words, on each of them "Donnie's Birthday Babes".

Donna went to him and kissed him, licking his lips with her tongue and sighing to him:

"Happy Birthday, honey! I hope you like the surprise!"

"Like it?" he said, amazed, "I love it!"

"I hope you're feeling strong!" Carol Anne said next, in a sexy voice.

"Okay, girls," Donna sang out then, "Assume the position and let's show our hero what he gets for his birthday."

"I can't wait for this," Donnie said with a wide grin.

Carol Anne, Rose and Vicky each got back into the position with their asses, framed by the garter belts and stockings sticking out at the ogling young man.

Donna had large pink bows and said: "Here it is, big boy. For your birthday you get Aunt Rose's mouth, Aunt Carol Anne's ass hole, and Aunt Vicky's pussy."

(She was playing on the fact that as a 9 year old, Donnie had bestowed on each of these close friends of his Mom's the title 'aunt'.)

"Whoopee!" Donnie shouted.

"And," Donna continued, "I get to play clean up; after each birthday encounter, I get to clean you up with my mouth and get you ready for the next. We will leave to you the order for the feast, which, by the way, was selected by all of us drawing pieces of paper from a sack."

"Wow!" Donnie said, grinning broadly, "Aunt Rose's mouth, Aunt Carol Anne's ass hole and Aunt Vicky's pussy! How much better could this possibly be, except maybe all of those things with you!"

She went into his arms, and the girls all voiced a loud "Awwwwww!"

Donna kissed him and said: "Happy Birthday, darling!"

They broke the kiss and she said:

"Okay, you get to pick which part of the gift is first."

"Geeeeeeee!" he mused and said: "Aunt Rose, kneel right here."

Rose giggled and got into place.

"Birthday rules," Donna said then, "No hands, Rose!"

"For my guy!" Rose said, smiling at Donnie, "Of course no hands!"

Donnie moved to where Rose knelt and took her wrists and put her hands behind her head.

"There you go, Rose, love!" Donnie said and proceeded to take his clothes off. The women were in such an advanced state of excitement that they clapped and cheered, as Donnie stripped naked.

He began his adventure by rubbing his cock head along Rose's lips. She stuck her tongue out, after he'd made the first pass across her lips and let him rub his cock head across her tongue next. Then she opened her mouth and accepted the head. She licked back and forth across the piss slit and then sucked on the under side of his prick head.

"Ohhhhhhh, Rosie, Rosie," he crooned to her, "You do this so well!"

"Happy Birthday, love," she said, and then went back to sucking his cock.

The next half hour to 45 minutes were pure ecstasy for the entire group. Donnie got his birthday shags from his "aunties", first in Rose's mouth, then in Vicky's pussy and finally in Carol Anne's ass. After each of the performances, Donna was there to take his cock in her mouth and get him ready for whoever was next.

The time was filled with Donnie's comments such as:

"Look at the ass on Aunt Carol Anne!" and "Aunt Vicky, you look so marvelous this way!" (Commenting about Vicky being on all fours to receive his cock from behind.) And Donna was always around to do her clean up for him.

They finished off, each of them now in various stages of dress and undress, with birthday cake for him, and sang one more time.

He was left, after a while, with only his Mom, the "Aunties" had gone home.

She smiled at him, as she came from the door, seeing her friends off, and thanking them for making Donnie's birthday so memorable.

"Come dance with me, siren!" he said to her, removing the robe that she'd put on over her 'birthday outfit' of stockings, garter belt, and heels.

"Gladly, big guy!" she said and fitted herself into his arms.

"Have a good time, love?" she wanted to know.

"Great time, Mom, great birthday, great birthday present!" he said, dancing with her.

"Well, the girls were certainly enthusiastic about it," she commented to him then, hugging him.

"They certainly seemed to be," he said.

They danced for a bit and then settled down to watch one of his favorite movies. Donna never did dress but remained clad in the robe for the evening. After the movie, Donnie declared that he was really tired from his encounter with 'his aunts' and was going to bed. Donna told him that she had some clean up to do and would turn in a bit later.

She heard him shower and, once the clean up was done, went to shower himself. Then she went, padding softly on her bare feet, down the hall way to his room. She was naked. He was indeed already asleep, when she entered his room.

She moved to the bed and pulled his covers off. He was sleeping in a pair of boxer type sleep shorts. These she pulled down and off.

"Whaaaaaaa?" he groaned. "Hey sleepy here!"

"Too bad," she whispered. "It's after midnight and no longer the birthday boy's big day. Now his Momma gets to have her way. Everyone got fucked in some way but poor little me, and I'm here to claim my reward and get my own."

"Pushy lady!" he said. "I should spank you."

"Threatening to spank me isn't going to get you out of this, my lad!" she said, capturing his cock with her mouth.

She rolled the prick around her mouth for a while and with it hard, upright and erect and gleaming from her spit, she straddled him and sat herself down on it, taking charge of the fucking. He was just lying there and grinning up at her.

"Sexy bitch!" he said, in a sleepy voice.

"You bet," she said, and squeezed her vaginal muscles as tightly as she could.

"Ohhhhhhhhhhhh!" he groaned, "Mom is not playing fair!"

"Aha!" she said triumphantly.

"Ohhhh," he said again, "Mom is playing very nice; gonna bring me if you continue that."

"Then it's onward and upward," she said, shifting her hips back and forth and continuing to use her vaginal muscles to work on his prick.

He came spurting into her and she clung to him. Then she got a grin on her face and moved a bit, allowing her to sit on his stomach with his deflating cock behind her.

"Mom, you're leaking on me!' he said, complaining.

"So I am!" she said pretending to be startled.

When the leaking was done, she moved and began to scoop the cum up with her mouth, ending by cleaning his cock up. Then she got a wash cloth and towel to clean him good and snuggled down in bed with him.

"I love you," she whispered, "Happy Birthday Donnie!"

"Memorable birthday!" was his reply, and then: "I love you too, Mom."

Donna was up the next morning long before he was ready to stir. There was a knock on the back door and she went and, with a smile, let Carol Anne in. They hugged.

"Hey," Carol Anne said, "Don't you feel nice and very naked under that robe. This new relationship must agree with you, girl!"

"Oh, it does!" Donna said, and made a kind of throat noise as Carol Anne ran a hand down to cup Donna's ass cheek.

"Lovely material!" Carol Anne whispered into Donna's ear.

"Mmmm, thank you," Donna said, and ended up kissing Carol Anne, whose eyes were sparkling.

"How's the big birthday boy?" Carol Anne asked next.

"Upstairs still asleep," Donna answered.

"Do you mind terribly if I'm the wake up call today?" Carol Anne asked.

"No, not at all," Donna said.

Carol Anne went into the dining room and proceeded to remove her tee shirt, and then her bra and her jeans. With only her pale blue panties left, she blew a kiss to Donna and went up the stairs.

Donna busied herself with making coffee, and humming to herself. Suddenly there was a terrible racket from upstairs and Carol Anne was shrieking. Donna ran up the stairs to see what was happening. She stood in the doorway and just laughed, as she watched Donnie spanking Carol Anne' unprotected ass.

"Mom?! Aunt Carol?" he said, startled, letting Carol Anne off of his lap.

"What did you do last night?" Carol Anne asked, rubbing her sore ass cheeks.

"Oh, nothing!" Donna said innocently. Then to Donnie she said:

"Honey, I want you to meet Ms Carol Anne Anderson; she is a representative of 'Surrogate Spankees Inc.'. She's here to receive the spanking that you promised me last night."

"I see," Donnie said.

"I'm glad that we got that taken care of," Donna said. She turned to Carol Anne, who was eyeing her and said:

"Thank you for your services, Ms. Anderson."

Then she went on: "I need to get some breakfast ready; you all come down, when you're ready."

She made a move to leave but Donnie said: "Hold it there!"

Donna, who by this point had gotten used to obeying her son, simply stopped in her tracks.

"Robe off," Donnie said and she removed it, standing in his room now as naked as Carol Anne, who in the process of the spanking had lost her panties even.

"Ms. Anderson," Donnie said in a business like voice, "I'm glad you're here. My Mom is interested in becoming one of your surrogate spankees. Would you be so kind as to show her what the process involves?"

Carol Anne got a gleam in her eye and said: "I'd be glad to."

"You," Donnie continued, "On your knees! Upper body on the bed! Ass in the air!"

"Now?" Donna asked meekly. "I, uh, need to do breakfast!"

"Food can wait!" Donnie said, "Mom, this can't!"

"Yes, Donnie!" she said, again meekly.

"Don't you love that?" Carol Anne said, "'Yes, Donnie'?"

"Turns me right on," Donnie said, "And now the big event."

"I'm afraid that I forgot some of my tools," Carol Anne said innocently. "If I'm really to show you this process, I'll need to borrow a belt. May I?"

"Belt?" Donna said in an uneasy voice.

"Quiet, you!" Donnie ordered.

"Yes, Donnie!" Donna said.

"Sure, here let me get one for you," he said and got up from the bed to fetch a belt from the closet.

Carol Anne took the belt and swished it in the air with Donna watching all the while and looking nervous. In fact, Carol Anne only hit Donna about four times lightly with the belt. Then, with all three of them laughing, she raised Donna to her feet and hugged her. Donna winked at Donnie over Carol Anne's shoulder.

"Breakfast," Donnie said inquiringly.

"Fucking now, breakfast, as you said earlier, can wait," Donna said, going toward him, only to feel Carol Anne's restraining hand on her shoulder.

"No you don't!" Carol Anne said in an authoritative voice. "I took your spanking and now I get the candy. You watch. Sit there!" She said this last, pointing to a chair in the corner.

Donna did as she was told and sat on the chair, while Carol Anne enfolded Donnie in a hug and began to kiss him. Donnie soon lowered Carol Anne to the bed and, at her urging, began to fuck her. He raised his upper body up and was fucking her from that position, when Donna made her move. She moved onto the bed and placed a knee on either side of Carol Anne's head, and, when in that position, lowered her pussy down onto Carol Anne' face.

"Kiss me!" she said to Donnie, wiggling her pussy on Carol Anne' face. "I've never been kissed from both ends before!"

"Nice for you!" Donnie said, obeying her wish to be kissed.

"Yes, nice for me!" she said. Then she said a bit louder:

"Carol Anne, you okay there?"

"Never better!" Carol Anne said, "Being gloriously fucked and eating my pal at the same time. What could be better.

The three of them ended in a general heap on the bed, and Donna took the time in a little bit to clean up both Donnie's cock and Carol Anne's pussy. It was only then thatthey had breakfast. Carol Anne left after breakfast, receiving kisses from both Donna and Donnie.

Late one night, when they both were in bed Donnie spoke up:

"Mom, there's something I want to talk to you about."

"Yes, love," Donna said, rolling to him, and pressing her nipples against his arm.

"I'm, uh, going to need to concentrate here," he said, laughing, "And I won't if you keep doing that."

"Yes, Donnie," she said sweetly and moved.

"It's about Marcus," he said.

"Marcus?" she asked, suspecting what was coming.

"Yes," Donnie went on, "He really has taken a shine to you and has asked me again if he can fuck you; what do you think?"

"I think that I'll do whatever you want me to do with any or all of your friends; I hope you know that," she responded and leaned in against him again, reaching down now for his cock, and playing with it.

"Good," he said, "I thought so but it's good to talk about these things."

"Yes, honey, it is," she agreed.

Then she had a brain storm and said: "Hey, I know what. How about if I set up a date for the girls to come over, white bathing suits and all. If the guys are there, we can have a party."

"Wicked woman!" he said, kissing her.

"Your influence, I think!" she said and he pushed the covers off and slapped her ass.

"Just kidding, kidding, only kidding here!" she said quickly and contritely.

So, it was set up. It was one memorable day when Donnie and his three pals were at the pool and the four women, at Donna's invitation were there. They had done all of their planning ahead.

The guys were lounging by the pool, doing at that point nothing but talking and hanging out, when the kitchen door opened and with a loud flourish Donna, Vicky, Rose and Carol Anne all came out. Each of the women were wearing one of those stretch white bathing suits. The guys clapped and cheered, and the women took a bow. Then they went into the water, to more loud cheers from the guys. The guys were staring, as the women, wet now, proceeded to get out of the water, and come toward them, their suits now transparent and revealing everything.

Before the guys could react, Donna said: "Don't anyone move a muscle. We've already chosen and will each take the man that we want."

The guys grinned as the scantily clad women approached their end of the pool. Carol Anne took Donnie by the hand and led him away. Vicky grabbed Juan by the hand; Rose took Will and that left Donna grinning at Marcus:

"You're mine!" she said, stretching out her hand.

Everyone had taken a room. Donna led Marcus to her bedroom, slipping off the wet suit, as soon as she got inside the door, and then turning to take the suit off of him.

"Oh, I've met this big boy before!" Donna said, sinking to her knees, "He knows me; we're friends!" By the time she was finished saying it, she had the head of Marcus' cock in her mouth, and she was sucking on it.

"Fuckin' nice mouth!" Marcus rasped. "Get it wet, Donna," he said, "It's going in your ass hole!"

"Oh, dear!" she said giving him a big grin.

"Donnie ever do that to you?" he wanted to know.

"Donnie does everything to me!" she crooned to him. "My holes are his to use!"

"Gonna use it now!" Marcus said, as she went to fetch the k-y jelly that she had available.

The scene that ensued was a loud one, with Donna making all sorts of noises as Marcus pushed his cock inside her ass hole.

"Make those noises, woman! Sound like you bein' stuck here! Sound like you bein' fucked now!" he said, slapping the side of her ass.

He set up a kind of rhythm with her then. With each push of his cock into her ass, he slapped her ass. She moaned loudly with each shove and slap.

Then he reached under her and found her pussy with his fingers. It was the last thing for Donna, who came with a shout, her muscles clamping down on Marcus's cock and bringing him at the same time.

They collapsed together. In a bit she went and got a cloth to clean him, and then washed him with her mouth also.

"Nice!" Marcus said.

"Part of the service of the house!" was her reply.

"Donnie's a lucky guy!" he said next.

"Thank you," she said, brushing his lips with hers.

They all gathered again at the pool a bit later, with everyone looking extremely satisfied. Carol Anne went into the kitchen with Donna to help fix some snacks. The guys were off to the mall that afternoon and the women stayed behind, luxuriating in the memories of how the morning had been.
Epilogue

A few days later, after breakfast, when Donna was doing the wash up, Donnie spoke up and said:

"Mom, they want me to play ball for the community college, and I think I want to. It's a good way to get come experience these days. I think I want to live at home and go to school locally for a few years."

"Honey," she said, turning to him and hugging him. "That's wonderful but please know that we're going to do this any way that you want it done. That's simply how it will be. You'll never lose me in any way. I'll always be available for you, also in any way. You make the decision that's best for you; it's what I want above all."

"I love you, Mom!" he said earnestly.

"I love you too, Donnie; I'm so glad we finally got to this point!"

Their relationship continued to build and blossom all the while Donnie went to the local community college. Carol Anne was frequently part of their play, as were, less often Vicky and Rose.

Donnie transferred to a major university for his last two years. They decided that Donna would get an apartment in the university town. She was there periodically, and made sure that Donnie knew that she wasn't out to 'cramp his style'.

Their relationship was loving and passionate far into the future.