Valentines Day Virus
byGeorgeTasker©

Dwayne gave a strangled moan of pain as he burst through the front door of his house, one hand clutched to his crotch and an expression of absolute agony painted over his face. With shaky steps he hurried up the single flight of stairs and rushed into his bedroom. He almost fell onto his bed and hurriedly unbuttoned his jeans, tugging them down to his knees. His boxers soon followed and he looked desperately at his genitals, the source of his pain.

His cock was fully erect and an angry red color. But what was most alarming was his testicles. Dwayne's balls looked huge and swollen, approximately four times their normal size. They had a dangerous red-purple color and he could see the inflamed veins pulsing.

"Ahh shit that hurts!" groaned, lying back on the bed, his eyes watering in anguish.

He gave another pitiful moan of pain, then his balls burst...

***

Trish Stratus aka Agent Slut, newly trained secret agent, distractedly looked up from the huge nine inch that filled both her hands. She was kneeling before a well-built young man with spiked blonde hair, and was busy stroking his hard cock. But the man's attention was fixed on the couch behind them where a muscular black man was pounding away at a big titted, dark haired bimbo doggy style as a camera crew recorded the action.

Trish had been sent in undercover onto the set of the porno movie "Cocksucking Holly And The Motel-Room Of Doom" to see if The Chief's suspicions of weapons smuggling on set were correct. According to the research done by Agent Bond, the film's director was peddling ground to air missiles to terrorists right off the film's set. Trish had managed to get a job as a fluff girl who prepped the male actors for their scenes with the busty Holly. It was the perfect disguise to keep an eye on the director, and hopefully catch him in the act of making a sale.

Dirk, the blond porn star that Trish was working on, impatiently grabbed the top of Trish's head and pulled her face down into his lap, his impressively sized cock, spearing between her lips and driving right into the back of her mouth. Trish had spent the last couple of hours on her knee's servicing a number of men, she was very glad for the kneepads the film company's health and safety people had insisted she wear.

"Mphff!" murmured Trish as her mouth was sudden stuffed full. Not wanted to blow her cover, Trish immediately started to suck on the huge penis, her tongue swirling around the head as Dirk pushed her up and down on his manhood, using the tight noose of her lips to fuck his cock.

"That's it honey, get me hard," he breathed, reaching down past her bobbing head to grope at one of her huge round tits through the plain white t-shirt she wore.

Dirk worked her mouth for about ten minutes, Trish doing her best to twist her head to keep an eye on the movie director as the big blonde porn star jammed his cock repeatedly between her lips.

Suddenly Dirk pulled out and shoved Trish aside, his cock impressively hard as he rushed onto the set. Dirk and the black man immediately lifted Holly into an uncomfortable looking double penetration position as the cameraman zoomed in for close ups.

"Hey babe, come over here a moment," the director called over to Trish, he then shouted out a rather half hearted direction at his fucking actors as Trish hurried over to his side. "What's your name babe?" he asked the busty blonde when she reached him.

"Trish," she replied with her most winning smile.

"I'm feeling a little tense Trish," the director told her. "Would you mind terribly?" he asked her, gesturing vaguely down towards his lap.

Trish frowned a moment, not catching his meaning immediately. Then it clicked. "Oh right!" she exclaimed in realization. "Of course sir," Trish dropped to her knees and unzipped the director, pulling his cock out from inside his slacks. He was already hard and Trish gave his cock, which was considerably smaller and uglier than Dirk's, a few strokes with her soft hand before bending her head down into his lap and sucking the erect penis into her warm mouth.

"Ahh, that's great babe," moaned the director in appreciation, running his fingers through her hair as she began to bob her head and slurp away at his stiff member. "I've just got a little business to take care of babe," he explained to her. "Just be a good girl and keep sucking okay?"

"Mmokaf," mumbled Trish as the director's cock grew to full erection between her talented lips.

"Glad you could make it Mr Dobson," said the director to his newly arrived business associate. The director's hand was on top of Trish's head, pushing her face down onto his cock and stopping the busty secret agent from being able to get a look at the new man.

"Quite an operation you have here," Mr Dobson noted. Between the directors legs Trish listened carefully, at the same time sucking harder and faster, knowing that if she could get the director off she might be able to actually see what was going on. "So where are the missiles?" Dobson asked. If Trish's mouth hadn't been very full she would have whooped for joy.

"Where's the cash?" the director replied, he pushed Trish right down on his cock and she almost gagged as her nose was suddenly tickled by his pubic hair, his cock lodged right into her throat. "That's good babe," the director murmured quietly at her in appreciation.

"Two million," Dobson replied. Between slurps Trish could hear the sound of a briefcase being opened.

"Perfect," the director replied, patting the top of Trish's head. She wasn't sure if he was referring to the two million dollars or her blowjob. "The missiles are in the van parked outside," the director told Dobson, handing him the keys.

"Pleasure doing business with you," Dobson replied.

"The pleasure's all mine," the director replied, stroking Trish's cheek.

Trish suddenly jerked her head out of the director's lap, his cock popping from her mouth as she jumped to her feet. She pulled a tiny gun from it's concealed hiding place on the side of one of her kneepads and pointed it at the two men.

"You're both busted!" she told them as they looked at her in absolute astonishment.

***

"This is a very grave situation and time is of the essence," The Chief explained to Trish Stratus, who was seated in his office getting the briefing for her next mission. She was still wearing the tight white t-shirt, skimpy shorts and kneepads she had worn as a fluff girl, having got called back to the Agency for an urgent top secret mission. It was about 4am in the morning and Trish would have much rather have been asleep in bed.

"I'm ready to do whatever I can," Trish assured the Chief.

"Dwayne Scanlon, aged eighteen, son of Senator John Scanlon died approximately two hours ago through burst testicles," The Chief explained, he tried to get the mental image of Trish on her knee's sucking his cock out of his mind, but those kneepads just stirred his imagination.

"Burst testicles?" Trish repeated in surprise. "I've never heard of that happening."

"Neither have we," agreed the Chief. "Gadget has done an autopsy on the Senator's son and it appears the cause of the rupture was an inorganic virus."

"Inorganic virus?" Trish asked with a frown.

"A man made killer bug."

"Oh right," she replied, smiling sweetly. Trish always hated the briefings where the Chief used lots of big words.

"Some sicko has created a particularly nasty virus and we have reason to suspect it's not an isolated case of infection," the Chief told her.

"Where's the virus originating from?" Trish asked.

"We're not entirely positive, but we have Agents infiltrating various places that Dwayne frequented before his death. We want you to go undercover into his school, Riverside Highschool," The Chief told her.

"Today?" Trish said, looking disappointed.

"Yes that's right," he confirmed. "Why, you have somewhere better to be?"

"But it's Valentine's Day," the busty blonde complained. "I was supposed to have a date with Jimbo."

The Chief sighed. "Sorry Agent Slut but there's more important things to worry about. Whatever happens, we don't want this virus spreading," he said. "Do whatever you have to do to stop this madman as quickly as possible. This is a shoot first, ask questions later operation."

Trish nodded, "understood."

"Now head down to see Gadget, he'll give you your cover and tell you what little we know about this virus."

"Okay sir, on my way," Trish stood up and headed down to the lab. She'd been looking forward to her romantic date with Jimbo for the last two weeks. Oh well, she sighed to herself, duty calls.

"Hi Gadget," Trish greeted the scientist as she entered his lab.

"Hello Patricia," Gadget greeted her, licking his lips as he eyed her expansive chest in the tight fitting white t-shirt she was wearing. Gadget handed her a small pile of clothes, "Try this on, it's your disguise."

Trish took the costume from Gadget and headed behind the screen at the back of his lab, quickly stripping off and getting dressed into the outfit he had supplied. She was mildly surprised to see that it was a nurse uniform. It consisted of a very short white dress that was shorter than any mini-skirt Trish owned and sported a plunging neckline, white stiletto heels that surely a real nurse wouldn't be able to walk in and white mid thigh stockings with a full garter belt and suspenders, the top of which was visible beneath the short hemline of the dress. A small white hat completed the outfit. Once she was dressed Trish wasn't quite sure if she was going undercover in a school or if she was going back onto the porno movie set.

"Perfect Patricia!" Gadget said enthusiastically as she stepped out from behind the screen. He obviously approved of her outfit anyway.

"So what exactly am I supposed to be?" Trish asked doubtfully.

"You're the school nurse for Riverside Highschool," Gadget told her. "An exclusive, all boys school on the wealthy side of the city. We've arranged for the usual nurse, a Mrs Martha Donoghue to call in sick for tomorrow, you're her replacement."

"Oh, okay," said Trish. She had to admit that a school nurse was the perfect cover for investigating a virus, anyone who was sick would come to her first of all. "So what are the symptoms of this virus?"

"Well in the extreme case ruptured testicles and death," Gadget replied gravely. "Before that the victim will enter a state of extreme arousal, penile erection. His testicles will swell considerably. We believe that young Mr Scanlon's testicles were approximately three to four times their usual size."

"Ouch."

"Indeed," agreed Gadget.

"Is it contagious?" Trish asked.

Gadget shook his head, "No, I believe not. We suspect the virus is spread through either ingestion or injection."

"Ingestion?" Damn, thought Trish, another big word.

"Orally," Gadget tried to explain.

"Blowjobs?"

"No," Gadget almost choked. "Eating or drinking something containing the actual virus, it can't be spread via fluid contact or the like, so whoever started this virus is administering it directly to the victims."

"Oh right," Trish couldn't help but blush. "And is there any cure?"

"We're not sure," Gadget admitted. "The lifecycle of the virus is definitely short so if the body can endure for more than several hours we believe the virus will die off. But the testicles don't seem to be able to endure that amount of swelling."

"Is there anyway to slow down the effects?" Trish asked.

Gadget cleared his throat. "Well we ah..that is, we think that ejaculation will reduce the swelling and give the sufferer enough time to outlast the virus."

"Ejaculation?" Trish really had to get herself a dictionary.

"You know, cumming, shooting a wad, blowing their load, orgasming?" Gadget helpfully suggested. "I can show you if you want?" he added hopefully.

"Oh. No that's okay I know what you mean," replied Trish to Gadget's disappointment.

"Well you'd better get on your way to Riverland Highschool," said Gadget. "The principal, Mr Patel is expecting you."

***

"Thank you very much for coming on such short notice Miss.." Mr Patel, principal of Riverland Highschool greeted his new school nurse.

"Stratus, Trish Stratus," Agent Slut replied. Mr Patel was a short Indian man with a bushy black moustache and the creepy way he was eyeing her up in her sexy uniform made her a little uncomfortable. Not that she could really blame him though, the outfit that Gadget had selected was rather revealing.

"I don't think you should have too much trouble today Miss Stratus," Mr Patel told. "I'm sure the boys will be too busy writing notes to their Valentines to have the time to pretend to be sick to get out of exams."

Trish smiled, "I'm sure I'll be fine."

The principal led her through the hallways to the nurse's office, fortunately it was still pretty early so there were only a handful of students in the hallways. Those that were there eyed the slutty nurse in amazement as she walked along, high heels clicking on the wooden floorboards.

Mr Patel unlocked the nurse's office door and guided Trish inside with a gentle hand on the small of her back. "I'm sure everything you need is in order. If you need me I'll be in my office," the principal lingered a moment to once again take in the sight of Trish's expansive cleavage in her low cut dress, he then sighed softly to himself and hurried back to his office.

Trish looked around her new office for a moment and then took a seat at her desk. She crossed her long legs, the hem of her dress riding up above her stocking tops showing her suspender straps. Trish tapped her manicures nails on the desk and sighed. Oh well, she thought to herself, I guess now all I can do is sit and wait for the sick boys to arrive.

As it turned out, she didn't have long to wait. At about 9:30am there was a rather timid knock on her office door.

"Come in!" Trish called out, rather nervous herself as well.

The door opened and a young man walked through the door. He looked like he was one of the seniors, around eighteen with sandy blonde hair and a freckled face that was filled with a pained expression. The boy halted as he took in the sight of Trish in her sexy nurses uniform. He'd been expecting Mrs Donoghue's matronly figure not the curvy goddess that was before him.

"Nurse?" he asked, his knee's sagging slightly.

"Yes, yes, come in," said Trish, gesturing for the boy to sit up on the bed. "Mrs Donoghue is sick today so I'm here to look after you."

"O..okay," the boy said as he climbed onto the bed with a grimace. The sight of this blonde bombshell in place of the usual school nurse did little to soften his raging, virus-induced erection.

"What's your name honey?" Trish asked as she put a palm against his forehead. He was burning up.

"Skip," the teen replied, his voice shaking slightly as Trish stepped close to him, her ample bosom less than a foot from him. He couldn't help but look down at the gaping front of Trish's sexy uniform, her deep cleavage left bare by the low cut neckline of the dress.

"How old are you Skip?" Trish asked putting a couple of fingers against the side of his neck, checking his pulse. His heart was racing.

"Eighteen," he replied, directing his question into Agent Slut's cleavage which he was unable to tear his gaze from.

"What seems to be the problem Skip?" Trish asked him.

"Ummm..." he stammered nervously now. How could he tell such a beautiful woman his balls were killing him? "It..ahh.."

"You hurt?" Trish asked, sensing his reluctance.

Skip nodded, his eyes glued to the way her considerable chest rose and fell with each breath she took.

"Your groin?" Trish asked hopefully.

Skip's face blushed a deep red, causing his freckles to almost glow. "Ahh.." he stammered for a moment.

"It's okay," Trish assured the nervous teenager. "You can tell me, I'm a trained nurse."

Skip continued to blush and then silently nodded.

"I need to take a look Skip," Trish said, trying to sound as comforting and unthreatening as possible. "Is that okay with you."

The blush spread to the tip of Skip's ears. "Okay," he replied softly, shuffling nervously on the edge of the bed.

Trish slowly reached out for the front of Skip's shorts, unbuckling his belt and then started to unzip his fly. She could see Skip visually shaking as she opened his pants, revealing a bulging pair of white y-front underwear.

"Oh God!" moaned Skip, Trish wasn't sure if it was from embarrassment or from relief at his tight shorts being released.

Trish bit her lip and pulled down the waistband of Skip's underwear, his rock hard penis sprang out, bobbing wildly a mere foot from Trish's face. As she peeled his underwear down beneath his testicles she couldn't help but gasp at their size. His balls were huge, about the size of tennis balls and looked a very painful bright red color.

"Oh my!" Trish said, quite startled by the sight. "Are they always this big?" she asked as she reached out and gently cupped his huge testicles in her soft palm.

Skip whimpered at her touch. "Ummm.. not like this. Can you help me nurse?" his tone was almost begging as Agent Slut tenderly toyed with his heavy balls.

Trish swallowed, remembering what Gadget had told her about the virus. The only way to help young Skip and relieve his swelling was for him to cum. "Yes I can," Trish said, rather nervous herself now as well. "But you'll have to trust me, and not tell anyone."

Skip nodded. "Okay, anything, just make them stop hurting."

Trish continued to carefully play with Skip's testicles, her other hand reaching out and touching the hard erection above them. Skip gasped loudly as Trish's fingertips stroked up the hard length of his cock, she gently stroked the head and then moved back down, gripping her delicate hand around the rigid shaft of his cock and giving it a firm squeeze.

"Oh God!" groaned Skip as he released what the voluptuous nurse was about to do. Her cool hand felt incredible as she slowly started to rub her palm up and down on his hard cock.

"That's it honey," Trish said encouragingly. "I'm gonna make all the pain go away. Just lie back and relax and enjoy," she soothingly told him, starting her handjob in earnest.

Skip looked on in amazement, the pain in his groin completely forgotten as he watched the drop dead gorgeous school nurse jerking him off. Her soft hand was a blur over his cock, sending pleasurable sensations rocketing up and down his spine. He watched the way her substantial bosom jiggled and shook with the effort of jerking his cock, her ample tits looking as though they were going to burst from the low cut top of her dress.

"Oh wow!" the boy moaned, this was incredible.

"You haven't had any injections in the last day or two have you?" Trish asked, slightly out of breath from the effort. The young teen's cock felt hard as steel in her hand.

"No, oh God, don't stop!" he moaned. "That's it!"

"Have you eaten at any restaurants or takeaways?" Trish asked, trying to get a clue as to the cause of the virus.

"No, oh..oh..oh God!" Skip suddenly thrashed backwards on the bed, his hips jerking up off the table and his back arching as he exploded. The boy shouted out with relief as Trish continued to stroke his jerking cock. "Oh God!" he groaned.

Trish's eyes went wide as she felt the boys cock pulse in her hand, she could feel the cum shooting up the length of his penis and then it burst from the tip. The first thick rope splattered onto Trish's forehead as she leant over him, stroking his shaft. Trish kept stroking but leant back to dodge the next burst, which flew several feet high into the air. The blonde secret agent couldn't believe how hard he was cumming.

"Oh..oh..oh!" panted Skip as incredible quantities of cum burst from his twitching cock.


His orgasm lasted a full minute, his young body thrashing on the table as his shot bucket loads of sperm from his penis. Trish continued to milk his erection in her soft hand, draining every drop from his and watching in amazement as his swollen testicles shrunk with each spurt. When he was finally drained Skip lay back on the bed, gasping for air, both him and Trish covered in his cum.

"Oh my goodness!" Trish murmured in shock. "Do you always cum like that?"

Skip shook his head, too worn out to breathe.

Trish let the teenager rest for a few minutes as she cleaned up herself and him as best she could. She also got Skip to write down everything he'd eaten and drunk in the last two days, but unfortunately nothing looked suspicious or out of the ordinary.

Skip had only been gone about quarter of an hour when there was another knock on her office door. It seemed business was brisk today.

"Come in!" Trish called out to the newcomer.

The teenager who entered looked older than Skip had been, he was a big dark haired lad dressed in one of the school's sports team jackets. He was tall, a few inches over six feet and quite heavily muscled for his age, obviously one of the football players.

"You the nurse?" he asked, rather demandingly compared to Skip's timidness. Trish's sexy body and revealing outfit was also not lost on him, despite the pained expression on his face.

"Yes, come in and sit down on the bed here," Trish said, patting the edge of the bed where Skip had been.

The bulky football player nodded and sat down, not noticing the cum-stains that remained on the blanket from Skip's eruption. His eyes were too busy taking in the sight of Trish's mind-boggling bustline.

"What's your name honey?" Trish asked.

"Chad Kozlowski."

"What can I do for you Chad?" Trish asked.

"Well, it's a little awkward really," Chad began hesitantly.

"It's okay, you can tell me. I'm a professional," she assured him as best she could.

Chad nodded. "My balls hurt something wicked ma'am." As he said it he reached down and rubbed his crotch through his trousers.

"I'm going to have to take a look Chad," Trish softly told him.

"Fine by me," he agreed, standing up and unzipped his slacks. He let them drop to his ankles Trish's eyes went wide as she saw he was wearing a black g-string beneath. "Ahh," he blushed a moment. "I forgot I had that thing on. My girlfriend bought it for me, Valentines and all," Chad explained with a shrug.

Trish smiled in understanding. "That's okay, I'm wearing one as well," she told him.

"Oh my," Chad replied, his voice breaking slightly. His already uncomfortably hard cock twinged at the mere thought of the sexy nurse's panties. He paused a moment, realizing he was erect and not wanting to take off the last of his coverings.

"It's okay honey, I've seen hundreds of men naked," Trish told him with complete honesty.

Chad shrugged again and then tugged off his skimpy g-string, his erect cock popping free. He sat back on the bed, his cock pointing up towards Trish and his huge swollen balls dangling beneath.

"Is it always that big?" Trish asked in amazement, this time she wasn't referring to his balls which were swollen in a similar state to what Skip's had been, but to Chad's cock, which was massive. He looked over ten inches in length and proportionally thick, the tip was glistening with precum and his huge penis almost looked about the right size for his inflated testicles.

"No, and they fucking hurt!" groaned Chad, assuming the nurse was referring to his balls.

Trish licked her lips as she eyed up Chad's massive cock, it was stiff as a board, the tip had also leaked a drop of precum which glistened in the overhead light of the nurse's office.

"Have you had any injections in the last few days?" Trish asked him as she reached out and gently ran her fingers up the underside of his long penis.

Chad jumped slightly at her touch. "Ahh...no ma'am," he replied.

"I'm going to make it better," Trish told the big teenager as her soft bare hand gripped his cock. "I'll make the swelling go down."

"You gonna jerk me off?" Chad asked in surprise as the busty nurse started to stroke her hand up and down on his hard cock.

Trish hesitated a moment, she wasn't sure if she should be straight up with the teenager or not. "Umm, yes, it will relieve the pressure in your testicles that is causing the swelling."

"Cool!" Chad said with a big grin as Trish resumed her stroking of his cock. He leant back on the head and gave a moan of pleasure as her soft hand rapidly moved up and down the length of his shaft. Trish's other hand gently toyed with his balls.

"What have you eaten and drunk today?" Trish asked, breathing quite heavily from the exertion of jerking him off.

"Ahh, had fruit loops for breakfast, grabbed an apple as well, oh yeah that's the stuff!" he groaned as Trish stroked him. "Um had some chocolates earlier on, valentines day and all. Grabbed a drink from the water fountain as well."

"Which fountain?" Trish asked.

"The one by the gym, I had to stop by and see the coach before class."

That was a few more possibilities for Trish to consider, she now wished she had questioned Skip a bit more thoroughly. Trish sped up the movements of her hand she wanted to investigate a few things, and maybe track Skip down again, but first she had to get rid of Chad.

"Does that feel good Chad?" she asked him, her hand starting to get a little tired.

"Oh yeah, don't stop!" Chad said with a moan.

Trish swapped hands and stroked even faster. "Are you close?" she asked him.

"Not yet, keep going," he urged, watching closely as Trish's heavy bosom jiggled inside the gaping bustline of her nurses uniform. Unable to help himself he gingerly reached out with one hand and gently stroked across Trish's expansive bust.

Trish gave a sharp intake of breath as she felt Chad's fingertips run across her breasts, but she didn't object, deciding that it might help him get off faster. Her hand was already pretty tired from working on Skip so she could use all the help she could get.

"Do you like them?" she asked as his hand brushed her chest a second time.

"Huh?" Chad asked, his hand snatching back.

"Do you like them? My breasts."

"Oh yeah!" Chad replied with a moan.

Trish stopped jerking at his cock and reached behind to unzip the back off her dress. Chad gave a little whimper as her hand left his cock.

"Oh wow!" he breathed as Trish let the dress drop to the floor. Beneath the scant dress Trish wore a sexy white bra and g-string and full stockings, garters and suspenders.

"Shall I take off my bra as well?" she asked. "Will it help."

"Uh-huh!" Chad said with a nod.

Trish reached behind her back to the clasp of her bra, the action causing her back to arch and her chest to jut out towards Chad. The young football player groaned at the mind-boggling sight, Trish's massive tits only a few feet away from him. He'd seen a couple of the cheerleaders topless, but this was something completely different.

"Oh my God!" he groaned as Trish pulled off her bra and her huge breasts fell free. They were massive and perfectly round melons of flesh that made his mouth go instantly dry and his swollen balls tighten.

One of Trish's hands returned to Chad's cock, whilst the other grabbed his hand and drew it up to her bosom. "You can touch them a bit if you want," she offered, resuming her handjob.

"Oh wow!" he gasped, giving Trish's big boob a squeeze as she rubbed his cock. Trish could feel his cock twitch as he touched her breasts and she increased the pace of her stroking. Chad gave a soft moan as he lifted his other hand to her breasts, taking one large melon in each hand and squeezing eagerly.

"That's it honey," breathed Trish as the football player kneaded her large, firm tits with both hands. "Cum for me Chad," she urged.

Chad groaned as he pinched her nipples and then pushed her big tits together, watching them well up between his hands. He'd never handled a pair this big and firm, they were perfect.

"Are you close?" Trish asked him, her arms burning.

"Not yet, but don't stop!" Chad said, jiggling her boobs with his hands, watching the way her titflesh shook and quivered.

"I've got an idea," Trish said after a moment longer. She reached up and pried the teenager's groping hands off her tits, taking the bulky orbs in her own hands as she bent forward and wrapped them around Chad's rock hard prick.

"Oh man!" gasped Chad as her soft tits closed around his cock forming a tight sheath. The busty school nurse was going to titty fuck him!

"You like this?" Trish asked seductively as she started to rub her big tits up and down his hard penis.

"Oh fuck yes!" gasped Chad, his cock felt incredible enveloped in those lovely hooters. Trish moved rapidly up and down, now practically jerking him off with her tits instead of her hands. She squeezed the huge funbags tighter around his shaft and he gave a loud moan, a drop of precum appearing on the head of his cock. Unable to help herself, Trish's tongue flicked out, capturing the droplet of cum.

At the electric touch of her tongue Chad cried out and his cock exploded. Trish gasped as she felt his cock pulse inside her cleavage, she could almost feel the cum shooting up the length of him. Chad shouted out as a huge wad of cum erupted from the tip of him, shooting straight up under Trish's chin and splashing over her neck, chin and upper chest, giving her an instant pearl necklace.

"Oh God!" he groaned as another massively heavy load of cum burst from his climaxing cock. Trish resumed the movements of her tits around his cock, knowing she had to milk as much of the cum as she could from him. And he was cumming in bucket loads.

"Oh God! Oh fuck!" Chad moaned, arching backwards onto the bed, his cock humping up against Trish's chest as more of his thick white cum shot from his cock. The football players orgasm was even bigger than Skip's had been, lasting close to two minutes and about twice the quantity of sperm eruption from his thrashing cock.

"Wow!" breathed Trish when the teenager at last finished and lay back on the bed, panting heavily. "I take it that wasn't normal for you?" she asked, stepping back. She could see that his testicles had shrunk considerably.

"Never like that," he said, sounding dazed.

Trish grabbed a towel and handed it to Chad, then reached for one herself. Her face and chest was absolutely coated with Chad's semen and she wondered briefly if the virus would transfer to her through all the cum she seemed to be wearing.

Once they were both cleaned up and Trish had got her dress back on (this time she didn't bother with her bra), she sent Chad on his way back to glass and made herself a coffee.

Trish had barely drunk half her coffee when there was yet another knock on the door. She gave a sigh, this school nurse business was busy work!

"Come in!" she called out, setting aside her coffee and standing to greet her new patient.

The boy that entered was shorter than both Skip and Chad and wore trousers, a collared shirt and a bow tie. He had had black horn-rimmed glasses and buckteeth. The teenager was pretty much a stereotypical nerd. His reaction to the sight of the sexy school nurse was similar to that of Skip and Chad, halting in his tracks and staring open mouthed.

"Come in and sit down on the bed here," Trish said, smiling at the nerdy teen as he entered her office. "What'd your name honey?"

The nerd swallowed nervously, his eyes roving over Trish's sexy body. "Um..Ricky."

"My name's Trish. What seems to be the problem then Ricky?" asked Trish, she was now slipping easily into her nurse routine.

Ricky blushed a little. "The same as Skip," he said, looking down at his knees and not meeting Trish's gaze.

"You've spoken to Skip?" she asked the nerd in surprise.

"Yeah, he said you made it better Trish," Ricky nervously told her.

"Skip told you how I fixed it?"

Ricky looked up at her, his expression eager, "yeah."

Trish smiled. "Well let's take a look then."

Without having to be asked, Ricky unzipped his trousers and pushed them down to the ankles of his feet as they dangled off the edge of the bed. His white y-front underwear immediately followed his trousers and sure enough he was sporting a raging erection and a pair of heavily swollen testicles. With three cases in such a short time, there was no doubt in Trish's mind that the source of this virus was Riverside Highschool.

"Are you going to give me a handjob like you did to Skip?" Ricky asked with an excited grin.

"It's the best way to make the swelling go down," Trish confirmed, stepping up to Ricky.

"Cool!" he enthused as she lifted his cock up and briefly examined his swollen balls. The nerd gave a loud moan as Trish's soft hand encircled his hard erection and she began to stroke him. Trish's arm still ached from jerking off Chad and Skip so she hoped Ricky would not last as long.

"This is great nurse!" groaned Ricky as her hand rubbed up and down his cock and he stared down into her cleavage, her large braless breasts jiggling inside her revealing uniform.

"What have you had to eat or drink today?" Trish asked him, breathing heavily as she jerked off his cock.

"I had porridge for breakfast with a cup of tea and I had some chocolates earlier on as well," Ricky said, moaning softly as her wonderful hand worked his cock.

"Chocolates?" Trish said in surprise.

"Yeah, Valentines ones," he said with pride, it wasn't often that the nerdy teen actually got anything for Valentines Day, but this year was an exception.

Trish stopped the movements of her hand, much to Ricky's disappointment. Chad had eaten Valentines chocolates as well. She stepped over to her desk and checked the list that Skip had written out for her. Sure enough he'd also written down chocolates.

"Who gave you the chocolates?" Trish said urgently.

"My Valentine," Ricky smugly replied.

"Who?" demanded Trish.

"Miss Cooper, my English teacher," Ricky replied with a frown.

That was it! Miss Cooper was poisoning the students with Valentines Day chocolates. "I've gotta go!" Trish said, her mind racing. "Which room is Miss Cooper's?"

"11B," Ricky said in confusion. "You're not going to leave me like this are you?" he asked in a worried tone, gesturing towards his swollen erection.

"Shit!" Trish swore, she didn't have the time to waste, but Ricky was right, she couldn't leave him like that, the virus could kill him. Trish hurried back in front of Ricky and grabbed his cock, stroking it rapidly and roughly.

"Ow!" gasped Ricky at her urgent treatment of his erection.

"Sorry," Trish apologized, forcing herself to slow down. "Are you close?"

"Not yet."

Trish bit her lip thoughtfully. "Okay Ricky," she said softly, licking her lips. "I'm going to try something else. But you can't tell anyone about this."

"Um, okay Trish," Ricky replied doubtfully.

To the nerdy teens absolute shock and delight, Trish bent forward into his lap and swiped her tongue around the head of his cock. He gave a loud moan of pleasure at the touch of her tongue. Trish bent lower, running her hot tongue down the underside of Ricky's long shaft and then gently lapping at his balls. Trish then kissed each testicle and worked her tongue back up to the tip of his cock, using all her oral skills on the young man to get him off as quickly as possible.

"Oh God!" groaned the geek as Trish's wonderful mouth closed around the head of his penis. The busty blonde secret agent began to suck heavily on the end of his cock as her hand continued to stroke his cock near the base, practically jerking him off into her sucking mouth.

Ricky moaned with pleasure, his cock felt so good in her warm, wet mouth. He hunched his hips up off the bed slightly, trying to push more of his cock into the gorgeous school nurses mouth. Trish seemed to sense his need and removed her hand, leaning down further and taking more of his cock into her mouth.

"Oh God!" repeated Ricky as he watched his cock disappearing between Trish's full red lips. The busty blonde sucked him right down to the base, letting the head of his cock slip into her throat as she pressed her lips around the very base of his cock. Ricky gasped, close to cumming as he felt her pretty nose press against his pubic hair. This was by far the best thing that had ever happened to him.

Trish began to bob her head over Ricky's lap, plunging his cock in and out of her mouth and throat rapidly, practically fucking him with her mouth. Ricky gave a sudden grunt of lust as his cock burst and cum flooding into Trish's sucking mouth. No stranger to blowjobs, Trish immediately began to swallow. She knew from watching the previous two boys orgasm that there would be a lot of cum. The busty blonde gulped and swallowed as fast as she could, drinking down the nerd's copious semen before it could choke her.

"Oh God!" Ricky fell back on the bed, his hips bucking up off the bed as he came, load after load of thick white sperm shooting into the nurses swallowing mouth.

Trish almost gagged as she gulped down the thick white cum, she could barely keep up with the monster ejaculation. Would the geek ever finish? Ricky's cum dribbled from the corners of Trish's mouth as she drank his massive load, like Skip his ejaculation took over a full minute to finish, and Trish almost felt bloated by the end. The busty blonde had never drunk so much cum like that before.

Coughing and wiping her face with a towel, Trish hurried for the door, she had to track down Miss Cooper and stop the virus!

"Wait!" called out Ricky. "Why do you want to find Miss Cooper so much?" he asked her curiously.

"Her chocolates are what's causing all this!" Trish exclaimed, disappearing out the door.

"Miss Cooper poisoned me?" Ricky murmured to himself as the busty, cocksucking nurse vanished. "The bitch!"

Trish struggled to run down the hallway in her high heeled shoes, almost falling a couple times as she dashed towards room 11B, watching the room numbers on the doors as she hurried past.

"Don't run in the hallways!" boomed a voice from behind her. Trish skidded to a stop and looked back to see the principal standing against the wall, slightly hunched over and holding his crotch. "Oh, Nurse Stratus, sorry I thought you were a student," Mr Patel said, grimacing in pain.

"Are you okay Mr Patel?" Trish asked with a look of concern, was it possible he'd been infected as well.

"Just some mild discomfort," he assured her. "I'm on my way to see the doctor right now."

Trish frowned, although she could hardly afford the time, she also couldn't let Mr Patel die from the virus. "You're ah...testicles, are they inflamed?" she asked, somewhat tentatively.

"How did you know?" Mr Patel asked her suspiciously.

"There's a virus sweeping through the school," Trish replied, very conscious that she should be chasing down Miss Cooper. "I've had three cases already come through my office." The high-heeled school nurse hurried over to the principal and crouched down in front of him. "Let me check you out," she offered, reaching up to unzip the front of his pants.

Mr Patel gasped in surprise and retreated a few steps, "What, right here?" he said, glancing around and hoping there were no students in the hallway.

"I'm sorry," she apologized. "But time is of the essence, the virus is fatal and we need to act fast."

"Fatal?" the principal gasped in surprise. Trish shuffled closer and again reached for the front of his pants, standing above her, Mr Patel couldn't help but stare down into her impossibly deep cleavage, the tingle that shot through his balls at the sight didn't help.

"Yes, but I know how to slow it," Trish said as she yanked down Mr Patel's trousers and underwear, not caring about his modesty. Beneath his hairy balls were inflamed just like the three students had been, and his thick brown cock was fully erect.

Mr Patel stammered in embarrassment as Trish grabbed hold of his thick erection and started stroking it. "Miss Cooper was your Valentine?" Trish asked him.

"No," Mr Patel replied with a groan as Trish handled his hard cock.

Trish frowned, could it be possible she had guessed the source of the virus incorrectly. "But you had some of her chocolate right?"

Mr Patel blushed, "How did you know that?"

Trish smiled, she was still on track. "You need to ejaculate, it'll slow the virus," Trish explained, jerking on the principals cock as he glanced nervously up and down the hallway.

"I...um, I'm not sure we should be doing this Nurse Stratus," he stammered anxiously.

"Just relax and cum for me," breathed Trish in a husky voice, no wasting any time she dipped her head forward and swallowed the head of the principals cock in hot mouth.

"Oh fuck!" groaned Patel, sagging slightly at the knees as the sexy nurse started giving him a blowjob, this was like something out of a porn movie, or one of those letters to Penthouse, or one of those erotic story websites he occasionally visited from the school's computer lab after hours.

Trish's head bobbed rapidly over the principal's cock, sucking his shaft right the way into her throat and driving him absolutely wild. The busty blonde's tongue swirled around the head of his cock, licking up his precum before the tight noose of her ovalled lips once again slid down his shaft until it reached the very base of his cock, Mr Patel's hairy, swollen balls resting on Trish's chin.

"Are you almost ready to cum for me?" asked Trish, breathing heavily with the effort of her urgent blowjob as she temporarily pulled her mouth of his cock.

"No, but that feel's fantastic, keep going," urged Mr Patel.

Trish frowned, "we need to hurry, what about if I let you fuck me?" she offered.

"Yes, yes!" the principal nodded quickly in agreement. "That will help."

Trish stood up and bent over at the waist, bracing herself by leaning on the lockers against one wall. The back of her short dress rode up, revealing her sexy, g-string clad ass.

His cock trembling and dripping with saliva, Principal Patel stepped up behind the replacement school nurse and grabbed her shapely ass with both hands, squeezing her incredibly firm buttocks. His hands kneading the resilient flesh he leant his hips forwards and stabbed at her panty clad crotch with the head of his hard cock.

"Quickly!" insisted Trish. "No time for foreplay just cum in me!"

Unable to suppress a grin of excitement, the principal hooked a finger into the back of Trish's g-string and tugged the string of lingerie aside, unveiling her pussy. With a lustful grunt, his hands still firmly planted on her ass, Mr Patel thrust his hard cock deep into her cunt. Trish groaned as he pieced her, the principal immediately starting to pump against her, his cock hammering rapidly in and out as he tried to fulfill her request and full her with his cum. His bloated testicles swung beneath him, slapping against Trish with each surge of his hips.

"Oh my goodness you feel tight," he gasped, pistoning in and out of Trish's pussy, shoving her against the lockers with each thrust of his hips. He slapped one of Trish's toned buttocks as he fucked against her, his cock plunging deep into her with every surge, her tight pussy creating an incredible friction.

"Faster!" Trish managed to grunt, the Indian man's cock actually felt good lunging into her pussy, all the cocks she had handled today had got her a little frustrated.

"Oh my goodness!" Mr Patel repeated, slamming against the buxom blonde nurse.

"Cum in me!" gasped Trish.

"Oh my goodness!" the principal grunted loudly as he shoved his cock up into her pussy and it began to spurt. He humped against the bent over secret agent, thrusting into her as wave after wave of his orgasm burst out into her pussy.

When Trish felt the principal's explosion she pushed back with her butt and shoved him off her, a sticky arc of cum shooting out from his cock as he fell back and splashing over her buttocks. Leaving the principal still in the throes of orgasm, his swollen balls finally relieved, Trish hurried on her way down the hallway, tugging the hem of her dress back down over her cum splattered buttocks as she raced towards Miss Cooper's English class.

11B was the second classroom from the end of the hall, without pausing, Trish burst into the room, interrupting a discussion on King Lear that Miss Cooper was running.

"Can I help you?" murmured Miss Cooper in surprise, raising one eyebrow at the appearance of the skimpy clothed nurse. Eileen Cooper was in her late twenties and very attractive so she'd had no problems attracting a horde of potential young valentines. She had long blonde hair that was tied back in a bun and a pair of stylish black-rimmed spectacles. She was dressed conservatively in a knee length skirt and a white blouse, the clothing just tight enough to give a hint of the womanly curves beneath.

"Don't play innocent with me bitch!" growled Agent Slut. "I'm onto you! I know it was you that poisoned those boys with the Valentines Virus!"

Miss Cooper gave Trish a look of shock and looked for a moment as though she was going to protest her innocence. Then her face changed to an angry glare and she stood up, "What are you going to do about it Slut?" she demanded.

Trish frowned, "you know my codename?"

"Codename?" Miss Cooper frowned, "No, I'm calling you a slut, look at that dress you're wearing after all!"

"You bitch!" snapped back Trish, closing the gap between her and the English teacher.

"Slut!" repeated Miss Cooper, they were now standing right in front of each other.

"Bitch!"

"Slut!"

Miss Cooper launched herself at Trish, knocking her backwards against the blackboard, her long nailed fingertips trying to scratch at the busty secret agent's angelic face. Trish caught the teacher's wrists and held her dangerous looking nails away from her face, she pushed back and they fell backwards on top of Miss Cooper's desk.

"Ah!" Eileen Cooper gasped as she was slammed back onto the desktop, sending books and papers flying as the wind was knocked out of her. Trish was immediately upon her, leaping onto the desk and trying to pin her hand above her head with one hand, whilst she yanked on a handful of the teacher's hair with the other. Eileen cried out in pain as the secret agent pulled her hair of the tidy bun and wrenching painfully on it, both women's long, stocking-clad legs intertwining with the others as they rolled about the desktop.

"Get off me you slut!" yelled Eileen, twisting her body and rolling sideways, Trish was thrown off the edge of the desk, landing heavily on the floor.

Miss Cooper leapt to her feet as Trish groaned in pain, the teachers hair was disheveled and the front of her blouse ripped open, revealing her rather large breasts encased in a sensible white sports-bra. Seeing her chance to escape, Miss Cooper immediately made a dash for the door.

Trish got to her feet, the hem of her dress up around her waist and saw the evil teacher disappearing out the door.

"Get back here you bitch!" she yelled, kicking off her high-heeled shoes and running after her, leaving a rather stunned classroom full of students behind.

As Agent Slut burst out the classroom door she saw Miss Cooper running out through the front door of the school building, heading towards the car park. Without hesitation Trish rushed on in pursuit.

"Nurse..help me, please!" came a pitiful groan from the door right next to the exit.

Trish skidded to a halt to see that the doorway led into the janitor's closet, where an old white haired black man, wearing a pair of blue overalls knelt on the floor holding his crotch in both hands. "Help me nurse!" he gasped through his clenched teeth. He was obviously in considerable pain.

What a time for an interruption! Knowing she would have to be quick or lose Miss Cooper, Trish rushed into the janitors closet and immediately unzipped the old janitors overalls.

"Wh...what?" he stammered.

"Shut up and trust me!" snapped Trish impatiently as she reached into the front of her overalls and fished out his erect black penis. It was huge. She didn't have time to explain the virus to the janitor, she just had to get him off and then hope Miss Cooper hadn't got far.

"What's your favorite type of sex?" Trish hurriedly asked the janitor as she peeled off her g-string.

"What are you taking about lady?" the confused and aching man asked.

"Quickly, your favorite type, doggy style, oral, what?"

The janitor didn't know what this strange white woman was on about but it was certainly starting to sound interesting. "Anal," he answered, curious to see how far she would go.

Trish sighed in irritation, that figured, she thought to herself as she got down on her knees and faced away from the janitor. The back of her skirt was still hiked up, revealing her perfect ass to the man, a splatter of dried cum on one buttock courtesy of Principal Patel. "Fuck me up the ass then," Trish told the janitor urgently, "and be quick!"

The old janitor didn't need to be told twice, if a pretty, big-titted white woman was offering her ass to him, who was he to say know. His big cock was already cock hard and dripping with precum so there was no preparation necessary. Without any delay he thrust his cock straight up into Agent Slut's tight asshole, causing her to cry out in pain at the abrupt entry. He started to move his cock in and out of her rear, sliding one hand up along her side and reaching beneath her to cover one of her huge tits, squeezing the large orb through the material of her nurse's dress.

Grinning happily, the janitor started pumping his hips rapidly, fucking the pretty white nurse up the ass like all his Christmases had come at once. This was definitely his best Valentines Day ever!

***

Miss Cooper dashed across the schoolyard, glancing back over her shoulder to check where her pursuer was. Fortunately there was no sign of that slutty nurse.

Suddenly a wave of agonizing pain shot through Eileen's body, as though she'd been physically struck in the stomach. She immediately stopped and fell to her knees, crying out in pain.

"What the fuck is happening to me?" she moaned, clutching at her sore gut. The pain shot lower, between her thighs and she grasped at her crotch.

"Enjoying a taste of your own medicine," said a voice.

Eileen looked up to see Ricky, one of the nerdish students from her class standing above her. She frowned in confusion, what was happening? "What have you done to me?" she groaned, unable to help herself from reaching up under the hem of her skirt and rubbing at her panty-clad crotch.

Ricky smiled, "I poisoned your coffee with your own chocolates Miss Cooper," he told her. Whilst Trish had been tied up relieving Principal Patel, Ricky had gone straight to Miss Cooper's English class to get his revenge. "If I understand things correctly, if you want to live you need to have sex," Ricky told her, a rather sadistic grin crossing his face.

"Y...yes!" Eileen gasped. "Please, help me Ricky!"

"Why should I? You tried to kill me," Ricky replied, rubbing his own crotch tauntingly at his evil teacher.

"No, please, you have to help me!" begged Miss Cooper. "Fuck me Ricky! Fuck me!"

Ricky's grin widened and he unzipped his pants, pulling out his cock, left limp after Trish's enthusiastic blowjob. "I'll think about," he replied tormenting the woman that had almost murdered him. "In the meantime why don't you get me hard." He waved his flaccid penis around at her.

"Yes!" gasped Eileen, shuffling to Ricky's feet and reaching for his soft penis.

As her hand got close, Ricky turned his hips, moving out of her reach. "No, no Miss Cooper. Not with your hand, with your mouth."

"Okay Ricky, whatever you say," the lovely blonde hurriedly agreed as Ricky swung his hips back towards her. She leant forward, bracing one hand on Ricky's thigh, the other busy between her own thighs as she opened her lips and sucked the nerds soft cock inside her mouth.

Ricky gave a satisfied sigh as his teacher began to suck on his cock, her tongue swirling around his limp shaft and her nose pressing into his belly. He could hardly believe that he was having the second blowjob of his life right here in the middle of the schoolyard! Ricky reached down and pulled Miss Cooper's face harder into his groin, his cock beginning to grow in her desperately sucking mouth.

"That's good you evil bitch, suck hard because your life depends on it!" Ricky taunted her as his cock thickened on her tongue and he began to move his hips slowly, his cock rocking back and forth between Miss Cooper's full lips. "Is your pussy burning up?" he asked her, his cock almost fully erect.

"Mmmhumpf!" she agreed, nodded her head slightly.

"Don't talk with your mouthful!" snapped Ricky, he now had two handfuls of Miss Cooper's hair and was thrusting his cock repeatedly into her mouth, using her lovely orifice for his pleasure. He fucked her mouth for a few more moments and then released her, his cock finally rock hard and dripping with the teacher's saliva.

"On your knee's!" he ordered her, "and lift the back of your skirt up."

As Miss Cooper assumed the position, Ricky knelt down behind her. He lined the tip of his cock up with his teacher's red and swollen pussy lips and then slowly pushed his hard cock into her. Eileen Cooper gave a loud sigh of relief as her aching cunt was finally plugged by a hard cock, the virus-induced pain already dulling somewhat immediately.

Ricky held his teacher by her shapely hips and started to fuck her doggy style, right in the middle of the schoolyard. He looked over his shoulder and saw the school nurse stumble out of the classroom block, walking kind of funny as though she'd sat on a thumbtack or something.

As the nerdy teen thrust vigorously into Miss Cooper, Trish approached, cum still leaking from her ass following the massive load the janitor had deposited there.

"I've managed to subdue her Trish," Ricky said, shooting the nurse a wicked wink. "You can call the cops."

Trish couldn't help but laugh.

***

This was not her idea of a romantic date! Trish Stratus wasn't quite sure how this had come about, but late that very evening she found herself kneeling under the table at a posh Italian restaurant, slurping on Jimbo Bond's rather smelly cock as he slurped up a plate full of Spaghetti.

The plump secret agent reached under the table with one hand and patted her on the head as she bobbed up and down over his hard cock, letting it plunge deep into her throat with each bob of her head. Her jaw and wrist were aching after her busy day, after Miss Cooper's capture almost thirty boys had turned up at her nurses station, all claiming attacks of the Valentine Virus. Trish had helped each eighteen year old through the ordeal, although from the size of their loads she suspected that almost all of them were imagining the virus.

"That's it Trish, keep sucking, no one can see," Jimbo assured her, ignoring the looks he was getting from the other guests at the restaurant. "If you keep practicing like this, one day you'll be as good a cocksucker as Agent Hooters."

THE END