Home | b biddle's Page - Settings
Wages of Rape
by b biddle
Copyright© 2003 by b biddle


Pages: Prev | 1 | 2 | 3 | Next

Chapter 1: In Jail

I was pale and nearly sick to my stomach from horror as I watched the TV monitor. Male screams caused by unspeakable pain and suffering issued from the set. From the date/time stamp on the camera I knew this torture had gone on for weeks. Finally, when I could take no more "Please, turn it off." My female lawyer reached over and hit the stop button on the jail's conference recorder. She studied my face, probably made even paler by the bright orange of my prison garb.

"You see," she said, " what will happen if you take the case to trial and we lose-which we will. You will be turned over to the prison and will be slowly executed just as that man was. Under the new laws there is no appeal from a rape conviction. Your only hope is to plead guilty and throw yourself on the mercy of the court."

I was in turmoil. I hadn't done anything. I hadn't raped anyone. I hadn't even had sex for almost a year. How could this be happening to me? My accuser was someone I didn't remember even meeting. It made no sense. "But I didn't do anything. How can I be found guilty?"

"Easily, Bill. Under the new laws if two women swear that you raped them or that one observed you raping the other you are automatically convicted. And there are two women who have filed affidavits to that effect."

"But they're lying! I didn't do it. You're my lawyer; prove that they're lying."

"It doesn't work that way anymore, Bill. People got tired of rapists getting off because their lawyers dragged victims through the mud on cross-examination. Few women would face that and so would not testify. The law was changed and now if two witnesses state in writing that a man is a rapist they don't even have to appear in court. They can't be cross-examined. Their affidavits are simply read for the record and it's over. The judge then has no choice but to convict and pass sentence to the same treatment you saw on that video. Bill, you've got to plead guilty and state that you're sorry and want to atone for your crime. That's your only hope."

"But how can the punishment be so ghastly?"

"The new law simply states that the convicted felon is to be turned over to the state prison where the warden is to execute the rapist within one month. It does not specify how the execution is to take place. That's up to the warden. She is the one who has developed the techniques you saw in the video."

"But how does she get away with it?"

"Because no one knows. A friend of mine smuggled this tape to me. Once the inmate reaches the prison he can have no communication with the outside world. The law forbids witnesses at the execution. The warden can do what she wants, and what she wants is to cause pain, suffering and humiliation."

"Why is she so vicious?"

"I have heard that she was raped as a child and badly hurt. Also, her only daughter was raped, mutilated and murdered when only thirteen years old. The warden has built up a lot of hate."

"God!"

The lawyer brought me back to the point. "Bill, your only hope is to plead guilty and throw yourself on the mercy of the court. You've got to plead guilty and apologize convincingly. You've got to beg for mercy."

"What happens if I do that?"

"If the judge believes your contrition is sincere she can put you on probation. During the probation period a special, court-appointed probation officer will see to your rehabilitation."

"How long would this probation period last?"

"Two years or so, depending on how the judge values your contrition."

"What does rehabilitation consist of?"

"There's no standard. The probation officer appointed by the judge decides what is necessary in the individual case."

" But I didn't do anything."

"So you keep saying, Bill. But the affidavits are there. You are doomed if you don't plead guilty and very apologetically at that. You've got to plead guilty, Bill. I can't get you off and you've seen what will happen when, not if, you're convicted."

"I guess I have no choice. I guess I'll have to do it."

"That's your only real option, Bill."

"I guess that's it then."

"Not quite. There's one more important point. If you are given probation you'd better do what the probation officer tells you to do. If the probation officer ever feels you are not sincere in your rehabilitation efforts, the PO simply sends you to the prison and you are executed as in the video. There is no appeal to the PO's decision. The judge does not get involved again; you have no hearing; there is no appeal. It's just all over. Are you clear about this?

"I guess so."

"Okay, we're agreed then?"

"Yes."

"Then I'll see you in court tomorrow."
Chapter 2: In Court

I looked nervously around the courtroom as the court bailiff read the charges against me. I was still wearing the orange jumpsuit and my hands were manacled behind my back. A female judge sat behind the bench. My lawyer was on one side of me; the prosecutor, another woman, on the other. There were a few women in the audience, sitting together and whispering among themselves while staring at me boldly. I didn't then understand why.

The judge rapped her gavel. "You have heard the charges; how do you plead?"

I steeled myself. "Guilty, your honor. I'm really sorry. I shouldn't have done it. I won't ever do it again. I swear that I'll never do it again. I never did it before. I'll turn over a new leaf if you'll just give me a chance."

The judge annotated some papers in front of her. "Let the record show that the defendant pleads guilty and is apologetic. He is sentenced to the state prison to be executed according to the law. Because he has pleaded guilty and expressed contrition, however, I can do no more than sentence him to three years of probation. During this time he must undertake a program of rehabilitation as determined by his probation officer. At the end of three years he and that officer are to return to this court. If the Probation Officer testifies at that time that he has been successfully rehabilitated then the first sentence will be canceled and the prisoner will be released. If at any time between now and then the officer shall determine that rehabilitation is not working, the sentence will be carried out forthwith."

Turning to the lawyers, "Do we have a person willing to undertake the role of probation officer? Three years is a long commitment. Does the defense or prosecution have a suggestion?"

The prosecutor responded, "Perhaps the victim might comment?" In retrospect I think she said this a little gleefully.

The judge asked, "Is the victim present?"

A woman in the audience stood up. She looked vaguely familiar, and then I remembered. She had come into our office a few weeks ago to see someone else. I hadn't even been introduced to her, but her beauty was the reason I remembered her. She had long red hair. She was wearing a green silk blouse that molded magnificent tits. Even in my terror I noticed that she was bra-less. Her nipples poked prominently through the thin fabric. Her skirt was very tight and molded her voluptuous ass. The micro-mini skirt barely covered her cunt and her legs went on forever ending in four-inch spiked fuck-me pumps. If I hadn't been scared to death I'm sure I would have sprung a hardon and drooled on the spot.

"Your honor, I am Melissa Miller. I was the victim of that monster."

"Do you have any suggestions about his probation or probation officer?"

"Your honor, I think he should go to prison and be executed, but since you can't do that I ask that you let me be his probation officer? I'll personally see to it that he learns that rape is not acceptable behavior."

"There is precedence for that. It seems fitting too. It is so ordered. The court thanks you for undertaking this task."

"Now, you, Bill Walker! You are a convicted rapist, despicable in the eyes of the law. You have been sentenced to the state prison to be executed within one month of arrival. Because you have pled guilty and shown contrition, you are provisionally placed on three years probation under the direction of Ms. Melissa Miller. You will undertake a course of rehabilitation to be devised and conducted by Ms. Miller. If at the end of three years Ms Miller is satisfied that you are reformed the sentence will be canceled. Parenthetically, I'd rather have you executed so that you harm no one ever again, but the law gives me no choice but to try rehabilitation. Your parole officer has sole discretion in your case. She will conduct the rehabilitation and will be the sole judge as to your progress. If at any time she feels you will be unsuccessful at rehabilitation she need only contact the state prison. They will immediately take you into custody and arrange for your execution. Ms Miller's decision will not be subject to review by this court or any other. There will be no appeal to her decision. Do you understand this, Mr. Walker?"

"Yes, your honor."

"I hope you do, for your sake. You are hereby remanded to Ms. Miller's custody to serve out a three-year period of behavior modification under her sole discretion and direction." The judge banged her gavel. "Ms. Miller, the prisoner is yours. This court is adjourned." The judge rose and left the courtroom.

Melissa Miller stepped toward me removing a leash and choke collar from her purse. Her eyes gleamed with victory, pleasure and lust. She fastened the collar around my neck saying, "You'll keep your mouth shut until I tell you you can talk. Disobey and you'll regret it. The prison is one phone call away and the number is in my cell phone. I can have you there within an hour."

She dragged me from the courtroom on the leash. The audience of women was leering and laughing. I was red with humiliation. I thought it was the worst day of my life. I was very wrong.
Chapter 3: First Rules

Melissa dragged me into a large bedroom in an opulent house. She sat in a large chair and tugged me in front of her. I was beginning to realize that I was still in deep trouble. I might not be going to my execution, but the future did not look bright.

"Kneel in front of me, worm, and listen closely. I saw you in the hall where you work and thought it would be fun to own you. Fortunately, with the new rape laws, that's easy. All I needed was a friend to corroborate my story. Since I had corroborated for her case, she was happy to corroborate for mine. You'll get to meet her and her parolee soon enough. For the next three years I own you. I can and will do anything I want with you. You have fewer rights than the slaves used to have on sugar plantations. Piss me off and you go to prison where they'll execute you slowly, starting by tearing your balls out. You'll do everything I say immediately and eagerly. You will be punished for infractions and if you don't accept those punishments... , well there's the prison. The only words out of your mouth from now on are to be 'Yes, Mistress'. When I ask you a question you answer, 'Yes, Mistress'. If I give you an order, you say 'Yes, Mistress' and obey that order immediately and eagerly. Is that clear! "

I was stunned. "Yes, Mistress."

"Okay. Stand up."

I obeyed and she slapped me hard across the face. "When I give you an order, you say 'Yes, Mistress' and obey."

"Yes, Mistress."

"Do you like to be slapped?"

"No, Mistress".

Again she slapped me hard. "I told you the only words out of your mouth are to be 'Yes, Mistress.' Are you a slow learner?"

I was too confused to answer. Again Melissa delivered a round-house slap. "I asked you a question. Are you a slow learner?"

"Yes, Mistress?"

"Well then, I'll have to work extra hard to train you then, won't I?"

"Yes, Mistress."

She smiled viciously, "You may make it yet."

She uncuffed my hands and removed the leash leaving the collar in place.

"There's the bathroom. Go in there and throw all your clothes down the laundry chute-everything. I want the jail stink off you. Shower, shave and comb your hair. I want you squeaky clean-every crevice. You'll find a razor, shampoo, soap and deodorant in there. When you're done, put on the clothes in the box on the bed and report to me in the living room. You have 15 minutes-that's 900 seconds and I've started counting."

"Yes, Mistress."

My new Mistress rose, stared at me haughtily and walked arrogantly from the room. I looked around bewildered, but then realized I had better hurry and went into the bathroom. After a careful and thorough shower as ordered I re-entered the bedroom stark naked. I opened the box and was startled by what I found. I took the items out and reluctantly donned them. I put on a very skimpy and small G-string that barely covered my cock and balls. It was transparent. The translucent shorts I struggled into were many sizes too small and hugged my bulge and butt. Finally I stretched a translucent tee shirt over my chest-even my man's nipples poked through the thin fabric. I slipped the sandals on my feet, looked in the mirror and then resignedly left the room. I was beginning to realize what my rehabilitation might entail.
Chapter 4: First Training Session

I came to a large and sumptuous room. Mistress, as I was beginning to think of her, was sitting regally in a throne-like chair. She was wearing a long flowing robe that covered her completely. It opened from the front. She was carrying a riding crop that she kept tapping menacingly against her palm.

"Kneel before me, worm."

"Yes, Mistress."

"I'm having a party to celebrate getting you. By the time it's over you'll have a very good idea of what the next three years will bring. Remember to obey every order instantly and eagerly and remember the alternative."

"Yes, Mistress".

"When my guests arrive you will meet them at the door. You will kneel before each guest and say 'Welcome, Mistress'. You will obey them and address them as you are required to address me. Is that clear?"

"Yes Mistress."

Almost immediately there was a knock and two attractive women, who turned out to be Mistresses Amber and Clarissa, and dressed like Mistress Melissa appeared in the doorway. I rushed over and dropped to my knees before them. "Welcome, Mistress. Welcome, Mistress."

Mistress Amber said imperiously, "Stand up, worm, and let me look at you."

"Yes, Mistress"," as I obeyed.

"Put your hands behind your head."

"Yes, Mistress."

Mistress Amber walked arrogantly around me, fondling my biceps and, to my shock and humiliation, my ass, my cock and my balls.

"Not bad, Mistress Melissa. But why so many clothes?"

"I thought I'd break him in slowly. What should he take off?"

"Worm, remove your shirt," this from Mistress Clarissa.

"Yes, Mistress."

Clarissa fondled my bare chest tweaking my nipples. Frightened as I was I felt a little spasm in my cock.

"Now your shorts."

"Yes, Mistress." I struggled out of the shorts and becoming even redder with embarrassment.

From Amber, "Well that thong doesn't leave much to the imagination, but I hate anything between the goods and me. What do you think, Mistress Clarissa?"

"Remove the thong, worm. Present your bare cock and balls to your betters."

"Yes, Mistress." I slipped the wispy thong from my body and stepped out of it. I was now completely naked. My cock hung flaccid. I thought I had reached a new low in humiliation, but as I was to find out I was just getting started in that department.

"Mistress Melissa," Mistress Amber said, "I am shocked. Has he not been told to have his cock hard when before a Mistress?"

"Not yet. I've only had him for an hour. But now is a good time. Worm, grab that cock and make it hard! Keep it that way when you are in my presence or that of another Mistress. For the moment you can stroke it to make it hard, but you'll eventually learn to do it by willpower alone. If you are soft in my presence you'll be punished. If you cum without permission you'll really regret it."

"Yes, Mistress." Redder than ever with embarrassment I started desperately pumping my cock. After a minute or so it responded. Thinking about what might be under the Mistress's robes proved a useful mental stimulus.

"Remember, worm, don't you dare cum without permission. I want it hard for my benefit, not yours."

"Yes, Mistress."

I stopped pumping and stood there with my cock rampant. I was beginning to get over the humiliation. After all, I possess a large member, fully nine inches long and two inches in diameter.

"Well, I see you've got better equipment than I thought you might have. You'll be a pleasure to work over, won't he Mistresses? Put your hands behind your head and spread your legs."

"Yes, Mistress."

The women circled me, fondling my bare ass, balls and hard cock. They took particular pleasure in sensing the heft and rigidity of my now rock-hard fuck-tool. I was startled when one of them lightly probed my asshole. Finally, their amusement temporarily over, they sat down and continued examining me like I was a piece of meat, which to them I was. Finally, Melissa said, "Yup, he's not bad. He'll be a joy to rehabilitate." The women laughed. Their laugh sent a little frisson down my spine. "The champagne is cold by now. Worm, serve us."

"Yes, Mistress"
Chapter 5: First Spanking

I went to the bar and poured three glasses of champagne, put them on a tray and carried them to Melissa and then to Amber and Clarissa. As Clarissa took her glass she deliberately bumped the tray and some champagne spilled onto her robe.

She jumped up in feigned anger, "Worm, you have spilled champagne on my robe. You'll pay for that. Mistress Melissa, he should be spanked."

"I agree and since he spilled on you, you get to spank him first. But don't wear him out quite yet, we all want a turn."

Clarissa sat back down, "Over my knees, worm."

"Yes, Mistress."

Clarissa draped me over her knees and after fondling my ass cheeks she reached under me and grabbed my balls and cock to hold me down. Then she began to spank me bare handed as hard as she could. When she was tired, I moved to Amber's lap for more of the same. By now my ass was red and I was squirming and moaning as the blows rained down. When I got up from Mistress Amber's lap my cock had unfortunately softened somewhat.

When I stepped before Mistress Melissa for the final round of spanking "I told you to keep your cock hard. Get it back to hard. Then I'll spank you for spilling and then for softening."

"Yes, Mistress." I stroked my cock back to hardness and then draped myself over Mistress's lap. She whacked me 20 times. She was much stronger and accomplished than the others and by the time she was through I was squirming and howling desperately with each blow.

"This is hot work. Kneel before me worm."

She stood before me and let her robe fall to the floor. She wore a green bustier and her tits bulged out with huge erect nipples. She was wearing only a green garter belt and her naked cunt, framed by a bush of trimmed red-hair was inches from my face. She was wearing green stockings and matching, 4-inch spiked heels. "Spanking you has made me hot, worm. My cunt is wet and needs relief. Start lapping and keep your cock hard."

"Yes, Mistress."

I set to work. After a minute she whipped me with her riding crop.

"More tongue, I want to hear you slurping!"

I responded with increased effort and a muffled "Yes, Mistress." I made slurping noses and worked my tongue and lips greedily over her cunt and clit. After a few minutes Mistress began to moan and them came violently, screaming and striking at me. "Suck you bastard, suck!" I managed a muffled, "Yes, Mistress" and redoubled my efforts.

As Mistress climaxed she finally pulled away from me and sagged satisfied and spent in her chair. "Who's next?"

Mistress Amber stepped up and dropped her robe. The fact that she was dressed like Mistress Melissa but in black with a trimmed blonde cunt did nothing to soften my cock "I want to ride his cock. On the floor, on your back worm." I remember a fleeting thought that maybe there might be a few pleasures to go with the pain and humiliation. I was to learn that those pleasures were very few and far between and greatly outweighed by the pain and degradation I was made to suffer.

As ordered I lay on my back with my throbbing cock pointing skyward..."Yes, Mistress".

She impaled her sopping wet cunt on my shaft and began working it up and down. "If you cum, I'll whip your ass with my crop, not my soft hand."

This was too much for Mistress Clarissa who dropped her robe revealing a white costume contrasting obscenely with her ebony skin. "Since your cock's already busy you can use your mouth on my cunt." Before I could respond with the obligatory "Yes, Mistress" she had straddled my head and planted her cunt firmly on my mouth. I'm not dumb. To protect my sore ass I started slurping and lapping as furiously and artfully as I knew how. I made sure to tickle her clit with my tongue at every opportunity.

The friction on my cock was overwhelming. If it hadn't been so difficult to concentrate on breathing while ministering to Mistress Clarissa's cunt I would have undoubtedly cum. After a few minutes of eager bouncing on my cock and fingering her own nipples, Mistress Amber came in a torrent of vocal ejaculations. Clarissa came almost as violently and when she was done she uncharacteristically did me a favor. She got off my face so that I could breathe and she returned to her throne chair.

Amber kept riding me, however, with a taunting expression on her face. She looked into my eyes and fondled her tits as she did so. I closed my eyes to keep out the erotic image and to try to control my now building orgasm. Amber said "Open your eyes, worm and look at my tits!" "Yes, Mistress," as I opened them. "Wouldn't you like to suck these, fondle these and play with these. Wouldn't you like to come in my cunt?" At the precipice I gasped an obedient "Yes, Mistress," but the last of my willpower was overcome by the voluptuous image before me. My tormented balls surged and a flood of my hot cum erupted through my huge, rock-hard cock. I bucked and groaned as the pleasure racked my body.

Mistress Amber was delighted and I immediately knew I was in for more trouble. She pulled her cunt off my deflating cock and planted it in front of my face. "You'll pay for putting your filthy jizz in my cunt, worm. Start by cleaning me up. And swallow every drop." I was too spent to resist, "Yes, Mistress."

I started sucking and swallowing, but even after I was sure I had swallowed every drop-and it seemed like a gallon-she stayed on my face. I kept lapping and slurping until finally she came with a second powerful, shuddering, vocal orgasm.

"Now over this stool, worm."

"Yes, Mistress."

I lay over a stool and the women tied my hands and feet to the legs. My ass was high in the air. I felt very exposed and vulnerable and had very little room to move. I had never felt so helpless. "You were told not to cum and you did. You'll now pay the price. You hollered when we spanked your bare ass with our bare hands. You'll really howl now when we stripe your cute ass cheeks with our whips."

They enthusiastically whipped me with their crops. My ass was on fire. I could hardly bear the pain and began screaming with each blow. Finally I couldn't take it anymore. "Please, stop, please!!" I knew instantly that was a big mistake. There was a short and pregnant quiet, then "You know you are not to speak except to say 'Yes, Mistress.' For disobeying that rule, worm, you get ten more from each of us." My pain and my screams intensified, but I uttered no words. When they finished with me they untied me and left me blubbering on the floor. I was sure my ass must be bleeding, but they were so expert that they had managed to inflict maximum pain with minimum long-term damage. I was to learn that they had this skill in many areas of expertise.

The fire had barely begun to diminish in my poor ass, when "On your knees before our cunts, worm."

"Yes, Mistress," as the three women stood in front of me with their cunts as close to my face as they all could get.

Mistress Melissa grabbed a handful of my hair and almost yelling said "Do you understand now, worm. For the next three years you are a cunt slave. A slave to my cunt and any cunts I want you to worship. You will suck and fuck, but you will only cum on command. You and your cock exist for my pleasure and that of my friends. You will be punished severely for failure to perform as expected or just because I feel like punishing you. Do you understand?"

"Yes, Mistress."

"And don't think that spanking and whipping are the only punishments we can deliver. We have many more that are more humiliating and uncomfortable for you while being more enjoyable and amusing for us." When Mistress Zelda gets here with her slave we'll introduce you to a few of them. Right now I want you to serve us drinks."

"Yes, Mistress."
Chapter 6: Mistress Zelda

I was kneeling before my Mistress, my ass still throbbing from the beating I had been given. But the women were ignoring me and chatting idly. I was appreciative of the respite. I had never experienced such pain and humiliation as I had over the last few hours. I hoped the worst was over. Unfortunately for me, worse was yet to come.

There was a noise in the entryway and a woman appeared. She was dressed as the other women. She was oriental and in a red outfit. She pulled on a leash and a naked man, obviously her slave, followed her into the room. The leash was connected to a ring in the head of his erect cock. His balls were spread painfully apart in a separating harness and the base of his cock had a tight ring around it. His hands were chained behind his neck. He was wearing a ball gag and had nipple rings. She jerked the leash and the slave groaned and jumped to keep up with her. She turned him around and I noted with alarm that there was a huge dildo rammed up his ass and connected by wires to a battery pack on his waist. The woman looked me straight in the eye, unhooked the leash and lifted her riding crop to show me a remote control device on the handle. Her slave's eyes widened with fear. She pushed down firmly on the button and her slave screamed and convulsed with the agony clearly caused by the remotely controlled dildo. All four women laughed.

"Mistress Zelda, what did he do wrong?" ask Mistress Melissa."

"Turd came without permission. I had him on the floor and was riding his cock and he shot his filthy jizz into my cunt."

"That's disgusting."

"Yes, and I'd only had ten orgasms during the hour I rode him. But he'll learn to control himself. I've tried whipping his ass with a crop, and now we'll try this. The dildo in his ass is a modified cattle prod. If and when I run out of ideas he'll find out what the prison has to offer. Maybe he'll learn to control himself before it comes to that. It really doesn't matter though does it? It's so easy to get a new one. The new rape laws are really most useful."
Continues...

Pages: Prev | 1 | 2 | 3 | Next

Home | Top | b biddle's Page |   Feedback to author


Home | b biddle's Page - Settings
Wages of Rape
by b biddle
Copyright© 2003 by b biddle


Pages: Prev | 1 | 2 | 3 | Next

Continuation...

"That's the truth," from Melissa. "I just got this worm today and he doesn't have any staying power yet. He has already cum once without permission and has suffered 30 blows from the crops for his offense. We were kind because he is so new. How long have you been training the turd"?

"For six months, but I have at least another 18 months to go. He'll learn or die trying."

Mistress Melissa laughed merrily, "I bet he will. Well, Mistresses, let's have a drink to the wonderful rape laws." The other Mistresses laughed. " Worm, serve us more champagne and don't spill it this time."

After a few sips Mistress Amber said, "I'm bored. How about some entertainment?"

Mistress Zelda said, "Good idea. I've got a plan." (She unchained her slave's hands, removed the ball gag from his mouth and the dildo from his ass. The dildo's dimensions were now apparent-10 inches long and three inches in diameter. I thought it huge at the time. The slave gasped with relief.) "On your knees, Turd!"

"Yes, Mistress." To Mistress Melissa, "May I use your slave?"

"Most certainly."

"Worm, stand over here in front of this turd."

"Yes, Mistress."

" All right, turd. If you can show us his jizz on your tongue within 30 minutes he loses and will be punished. If you can't you will be the focus of the following round of entertainment. Start sucking! Worm, you can't move." Mistress Zelda started a stop-watch.

The slave grasped me by the ass and inhaled my cock. He started sucking and pumping on it furiously. His tongue was active. I don't know how many cocks he had sucked previously, but his experience as a man who had been sucked gave him a good idea of what was effective. Fortunately I was and am a raving heterosexual and have never been attracted to my own sex. Moreover, less than 30 minutes ago I had shot a gigantic wad up Clarissa's cunt. I tried not to think about how good her cunt had felt but concentrated on the image of a hairy man with his mouth around my cock. The negative image was useful and effective.

Mistress Zelda called out the time at five-minute intervals and from 5 on in one-minute intervals. All during this half-hour the women were laughing, clapping their hands, pointing at the spectacle and making lewd remarks.

"Suck, you cock-sucking, jizz-eating pervert."

"Play with his balls, maybe that will help."

"More tongue may work, he's not well trained."

With a minute to go and Mistress Zelda counting seconds, the slave stopped sucking long enough to wet a finger that he shoved up my ass as he reinserted my hardening cock in his mouth. He massaged my prostate. Suddenly I was in agony trying to control myself and I nearly lost it. Fortunately, just as I could take no more, Mistress Zelda shouted "Stop!" We both responded with a "Yes, Mistress". I thankfully and the other slave fearfully.

From Mistress Zelda, "The turd loses. Mistresses, what do you recommend we do to him."

"Let's have another glass of champagne while we consider it. Worm, serve your Mistresses."

"Yes, Mistress."

After I refilled their glasses and they had had a sip, Mistress Clarissa clapped her hands delightedly-"I've got it. May I do the honors?"

From the others, "but of course."

"Come here, turd."

"Yes, Mistress."

"You've failed. Your punishment is to be butt-fucked. Spread your legs, bend over and grab your ankles."

"Yes, Mistress." He bent over as required exposing a well-welted ass and his asshole.

"Worm, wet your cock and butt-fuck him. Hold his cock while you do so."

"Yes, Mistress." I juiced up my cock, slipped it into his asshole and grabbed his pecker firmly.

"Now fuck him one stroke a second for the next 30 minutes. When we want to we'll have you pull out to show us that you're still hard and haven't cum. And pump his cock while you do so. If either of you cums, you'll pay."

"Yes, Mistress."

I began pumping him with my cock in short strokes and stroked his cock as voluptuously as I would have pumped my own in private. The object was clearly to assure that he came before I did. Suddenly my ass was afire as Mistress' lash struck forcefully. "Full strokes, worm, all the way in and all the way out."

"Yes, Mistress."

After only a few minutes, it is too much for both of us. The turd's cock gushed a flood of cum onto the floor and I came with an obvious paroxysm.

The women were of course delighted with their triumph but roared out at us.

"You'll pay for that. Worm, lap up that mess. Every drop!" I knew by now better than to argue. I got down on my hands and knees and lapped the slave's cum from the floor. It was disgusting.

When I had finished it was "You, turd, suck this worm's cock clean."

While he laved my cock, the women returned to their drinks. They imbibed in high spirits.
Chapter 7: Strapon Training

The Mistresses relaxed with their drinks for a while, we men kneeling before them.

"That was amusing," opined Mistress Melissa "but since they came without permission we'll now have to punish them further. Mistress Amber, will you help me?"

"My pleasure, Mistress Melissa."

They left the room and returned a few minutes later wearing huge strap-on dildoes. I hadn't known such big ones existed. My asshole tightened involuntarily and a shiver ran through me. The other slave (I had begun to realize that I was one too.) had a dildo up his ass when he arrived. Presumably he was stretched. My asshole was virgin and I did not look forward to being deflowered. I couldn't take my eyes off of the looming dildoes as the women stepped in front of us, the obscene glans of the imitation cocks millimeters from our mouths.

"Do you like these?" gloated Mistress Melissa

"Yes, Mistress."

"Would you like to suck them?" Anything to delay them going up my ass. My "Yes, Mistress" was almost genuinely enthusiastic.

"Would you like them shoved up your ass?" We both missed a beat before answering reluctantly. The Mistresses in their turn didn't hesitate. Their whips struck us three quick blows on the ass. "Instant and enthusiastic obedience is required, you miserable cunt slaves. Now let's try this again. Would you like these hard, huge, butt-reamers rammed up your assholes?"

"Yes, Mistress." We practically hollered in our eagerness to avoid another stroke of the whip.

"And don't think this will be boring for us, or quick. These are double-headed dildoes. The end that isn't in you is nestling in our cunts rubbing on our clitorises. We'll really enjoy it. That is, of course, the whole point since you exist for our pleasure. And when we're done with you, maybe Mistress Clarissa and Mistress Zelda would like to use their dildoes on you too."

"I've got a better idea" said Mistress Zelda, "Come Mistress Clarissa."

They left and quickly returned sporting their own harnesses and dildoes. The sight of four gorgeous women with beautiful naked tits who were carrying whips and sporting fake cocks as big or bigger than my own was an overpowering sight. My body couldn't decide whether to be infinitely aroused or petrified. Fortunately, my cock apparently liked it because it remained hard as required.

"They've each got two holes", said Mistress Zelda, let's do all of them at once. We can switch off when we get bored."

We were led to a pair of stands and strapped in. Our feet were spread apart exposing our cocks, balls, asses and assholes for whatever purpose they might wish. Our upper torsos were then bent horizontal and our hands pulled wide apart so that our mouths could be approached from the front. The bonds were tight. We were stretched out and again completely defenseless, much to the delight of our tormentors.

"Let's begin, Mistresses," said my Mistress, "Open up, slaves and relax those ass-holes or you'll be bleeding for a week."

I felt a dildo pushing firmly and surely against my butthole. A hands had grasped my cock and balls and were playing with them. I desperately tried to relax my inexperienced sphincter, but was distracted when a dildo appeared in front of my eyes and was rudely shoved to the hilt into my mouth and down my throat. I suddenly found myself trying to relax my throat and asshole at the same time and was further distracted by the knowing hands teasing my cock and balls.

My throat adjusted first and the dildo stroked in and out. Mistress Zelda was in ecstasy. The dildo in my ass finally made a little headway and just as I thought I could stand it, Mistress Amber rammed the remainder home. The additional nine inches didn't tear anything as it turned out, but it initially felt like it. The pain, discomfort and of course humiliation were incredible. The women were by now in full stroke and in full cry. Their sopping wet cunts were being massaged by the other end of the cruel dildoes in our mouths and assholes. They controlled the strokes so that their clits got maximum advantage. Their pleasure was infinitely heightened by the knowledge that they had before them two men whose bodies they now owned, dominated and controlled. Worthless pieces of man-meat fit only to satisfy their cunts with our mouths, hands, lips, tongue and on rare occasions even our cocks. No pleasure for us, just misery and servitude to hot steaming cunts.
Chapter 8: The Cocktail party

The noise level in the next room had been rising. Mistress had invited a half dozen of her friends over for drinks and they had been at it for several hours. When I could make out words they sounded more slurred than they had earlier. Then I heard my Mistress calling for quiet. The bell rang, and I knew I was "on."

I stepped through the door to my Mistress' side. Her guests were stunned and silent staring at me as I stepped forward. Mistress had calculated the effect well. I was, as usual, stark naked, but my skin was oiled and I knew I gleamed in the light. My cock was at full erection, hard and throbbing at 9 inches in length and two inches in diameter. My pubic hair had long since been shaved and it made my cock seem even bigger. A gold cock ring helped maintain my hardness and my prick become very uncomfortable over the last several hours. A balls spreader was attached to my testicles so that each ball was separated and stood out from the other under my proud cock.

I moved next to Mistress and assumed the submissive position for inspection. I put my hands behind my head with my elbows back. I spread my legs and shoved my crotch just slightly forward. The women just stared-one or two gulped as they took in this unexpected sight.

Mistress explained everything. "This worm is a convicted rapist. I am his probation officer and am rehabilitating him for possible return to freedom. My rehabilitation program consists of making him a cunt slave so that he learns what his real role in life is-to please woman not to harm them. It is important to his training that he be humiliated and degraded at every opportunity. He is also physically abused at my pleasure. For the rest of the evening he will serve you-drinks, canapes and anything else you might want. Please don't be nice to him. Fondle him, abuse him and use his mouth and cock for your pleasure. Make sure he gets no pleasure himself."

She then turned to me. "You want to serve these women in any way they wish?" "Yes, Mistress". "You want them to use you and abuse you"? "Yes, Mistress." "You want to be their cunt slaves and have them use and abuse you?" "Yes, Mistress." "You will do anything any of them want?" "Yes, Mistress." "And you know that if anyone wants to she may take you over her lap and spank you?" "Yes, Mistress." "Then start serving drinks and do what you're told." "Yes, Mistress." "Remember my friends," said Mistress "that I suggested you wear skirts without panties tonight. Now you see why. When you feel like having your cunt lapped, just demand it of this slave. Until you feel the need, just touch and poke anything you want to."

I went to the bar and filled glasses with champagne, put them on a tray and started offering them to the women as I circulated through the room. They had clustered in small groups and were whispering quietly as they stared at me. When I would approach a group they would fall silent and take a glass, not quite comfortable yet with the situation.

When I was traversing the room with the canapes, two of the bolder women patted my ass. The second time through one even reached down and squeezed my balls. When I went around refilling champagne two even had the nerve to grab my cock to feel its weight and hardness.

They soon relaxed around me and began to fondle and caress me whenever I moved within range, and they were obviously doing it to satisfy their own curiosity and interest. After an hour more of drinking one became bold enough to demand of me "So you'll give me a tongue job if I want?" "Yes, Mistress." "I don't believe it!" Mistress overheard this interchange and came over to me. "On your knees, worm, and under my skirt. Lap me good!" "Yes, Mistress," I said as I disappeared beneath her skirt and fastened my mouth on her cunt and began slurping noisily. I made sure to tongue her clit and soon she was writhing in pleasure. Too weak from my ministrations to remain standing, she sagged onto a nearby chair while I never missed a lick. She soon came with a vocal orgasm. She recovered herself and announced "As you see, if you want to have him suck he will do so. If you want to use his cock you can do that too. He's trained not to cum, so you don't have to worry about getting jizz in your cunt."

I had removed my head from under her skirts and could see from the looks on the women's faces that they were stunned. Two in particular seemed flushed as though very excited by the prospect. Obviously screwing up her courage one asked Mistress, "You mean I can ride his cock if I want?" Instead of a yes or no answer Mistress said "On your back worm. Service this woman's cunt with your cock and do not cum." I lay down on my back, my swollen cock pointed toward the ceiling, my glans purple with excess blood. The women stepped over me and with a glazed expression on her face squatted down facing toward me while impaling her hot, juicy cunt on my huge, hard cock. I felt the wet velvety walls of her twat sliding down on my cock and the feeling was tremendous, but I knew better than to cum. She began to move up and down, first tentatively and then with more and more enthusiasm. She was obviously getting hotter and hotter. Her hands began to move over her own tits. She pulled her tee shirt up and off her torso exposing her beautiful globes and began teasing and rubbing her own nipples. The other women were beginning to cheer her on. As she passed the point of no return, she leaned forward, never missing a thrust, and demanded "Suck my nipples." I was only too happy to oblige. It wasn't long after I took one of those beautiful tits into my mouth and laved one of her huge, hard nipples that she was swept by a wave of ecstasy and came with a shattering orgasm.

That broke the ice. By the end of the evening I had been ridden by half the women and had sucked off all of them. I think it safe to say it was the most interesting night of their lives. It may also have been their most pleasurable. By evening's end I still sported my huge hardon and each guest gave it a farewell squeeze as they departed for home.
Chapter 9: The Nymphets

I was kneeling before my Mistress. I didn't know what was happening. I had shaved my entire body below the neck and had a cock ring around my rock-hard cock. But for some reason Mistress had required that I don a robe that covered me completely. She hadn't had me do this before. It was fastened in front at the neck. She too was wearing a similar, but longer robe-the same one she had worn the first day she had taken possession of me. My ass still burned from the spanking she had administered earlier in the day. My butt plug was very uncomfortable. I mused that she was very cruel to me, but the cruelties were nothing like the ones that awaited me in the prison if she sent me there. I had seen the videos. They still haunted my dreams.

Mistress was relaxing quietly in her throne-like chair when there was the noise of a door slamming and three teen-aged girls came bounding into the room. They were about 15 years old wearing short skirts and tight tee shirts. I could easily see that they were no longer children.

They came screeching to a halt when they saw Mistress and me. The tallest turned to Mistress and said "Aunt Melissa, who is that man? Why is he kneeling with his hands behind his back?"

"Hi, girls. This worm is a convicted rapist that the court has asked me to rehabilitate."

"Wow! Is he dangerous?" The girls stared at me curiously and somewhat nervously.

"Not any more. He knows that if he disobeys me he will be sent to the prison where he will be executed very painfully. Isn't that right, worm."

"Yes, Mistress."

"Worm, serve these girls some drinks."

"Yes, Mistress." I moved to the bar and served up some Coca Cola and presented each girl with a glass.

"What does it mean that you're rehabilitating him?"

"It means that I'm training him to be respectful of women."

"But how do you do that?"

"By punishing and humiliating him when he fails to properly perform the tasks I set him."

"You mean you tell him what to do and if he doesn't do it you punish him?"

"That's exactly right"

"How do you punish him?"

"For little things I simply take him over my knees and spank him."

"You get to spank him when he's naughty?" Tricia asked wide-eyed.

"I spank him when he's naughty or even when I just feel like it?"

"Wow, but doesn't he resist?"

"He doesn't dare. He knows what will happen if he does, don't you, worm?"

"Yes, Mistress."

"Do you spank him on his bare bottom?"

"Yes, I spank his bare ass?"

"You just pull up his robe and spank his bare bottom... I mean ass?"

"No, I don't lift up the robe. He very, very seldom wears one."

"What does he usually wear?"

"He usually is stark naked so I can enjoy looking at my property. After all, I own him."

"Then why is he wearing a robe now?"

"I thought the sight of a naked man would startle and perhaps frighten you. But now that you're used to him, shall I have him take off his robe?"

"Oh, yes please," chorused the girls.

"Well then, Tricia, just tell him to strip."

"You mean he'll do what I say?"

"You bet. He'll obey the commands of any woman. He knows the penalties for disobedience."

Tricia stood in front of me. "Stand up and strip, worm."

"Yes, Mistress."

I stood and removed my robe, letting it drop to the floor. I assumed the inspection position as I had been taught -hands behind my head and legs spread and cock thrust forward.

The girls were entranced. They couldn't take their eyes off my massive cock with its gold cock ring at the base. I had grown used to the covering of the robe and this sudden exposure before these young women was humiliating, as Mistress had obviously anticipated.

Finally, Tricia broke the silence. "Wow, I didn't know penises could be that big." She blushed. "I mean I did feel up one of my dates once and his was nowhere near this big."

"This is a real man, with bigger than average cock. But it is only a toy for me to use as I wish," Mistress said.

"Why has he no hair. I thought men had hair around their things."

"Men have hair around their cocks and on their legs and elsewhere. I make him shave it off as an additional humiliation. It makes him feel more exposed?"

"Does it make you feel more exposed?" Tricia asked me.

"Yes, Mistress."

"Wow, I like this Mistress stuff. He'll really do anything I want?"

"Yes he will. Try him out."

"Turn around worm."

"Yes Mistress." I turned around and the girls attention was riveted by my butt plug.

"Wow, what's that thing in his rectum?"

"That's a butt plug and it's in his ass-hole, not his rectum. Use the nasty terms; it debases him. It's there to cause discomfort and humiliation."

From one of the other girls "Jump up and down and make your balls bounce."

"Yes, Mistress." I began to jump up and down and my balls flopped painfully. My hard and aching cock bobbed too. The girls were fascinated. I began to tire and one of the girls said, "You may stop now."

I stopped gratefully with a "Yes, Mistress."

Mistress said to the girl, "Don't say 'you may.' Just order him to stop. He's a worm, you're a Mistress."

FromTricia, "May we touch him."

"Do anything you want with him. Just don't damage him permanently. I want to enjoy him for a few more years."

"Wow." Tricia, emboldened, touched my cock and then my balls. Growing more secure she grabbed me firmly and squeezed my balls. The other girls, encouraged by Tricia's initiative also started to fondle my ass, cock and balls and to tweak my nipples. My humiliation was almost unbearable.

The girls took a break to sip their drinks, but didn't take their eyes off the new play toy available to them. Mistress excited them by suggesting "Well, you've seen how he can be ordered about. Would you like to try spanking him?"

"Wow. Can we?"

"Do you want them to spank you, worm?"

"Yes, Mistress."

"Does he really mean that Aunt Melissa?"

"Undoubtedly not, but he must answer every question and order with 'Yes, Mistress.' He is allowed no other words and he must answer."

Tricia emboldened stepped in front of me. "On your knees worm."

"Yes, Mistress," as I sank to my knees. New humiliation was obviously on the way.

"Do you want me to spank you?"

"Yes, Mistress."

"Do you want me to take you over my knees and spank your ass hard?"

"Yes, Mistress."

"And do you want all my friends to spank you too?"

"Yes, Mistress."

"And will it hurt?"

"Yes, Mistress."

"And will you be humiliated."

"Yes, Mistress."

Tricia sat. "Good! Worm get over here across my knees."

I said, "Yes, Mistress," and draped himself over her knees. She began to slap my ass methodically, but not too hard.

Mistress warned "Don't be gentle with him. This is punishment. Hurt him."

Tricia got into it and I began to squirm and moan a little.

The girls cheered her on "That a way. Harder, harder!"

Tricia tired after a while. "Jana, why don't you take over?" Jana seated herself. "Okay worm crawl over here and let me spank you for a while." "Yes, Mistress," I said as I crawled to Jana and arranged myself over her lap, my red ass upward.

Jana spanked me hard and by now I was really moaning with the pain and humiliation. When Larissa finished I was howling with pain and the girls were beside themselves with glee.

"Thanks girls, that was very helpful training for him," said Mistress, "wasn't it, worm." "Yes, Mistress."

"Gee Aunt Melissa. That spanking got me excited. Did you other girls feel it 'down there'?"

The other girls agreed. "That's normal," said Mistress. "It's just your clitoris wanting attention."

"Huh, what kind of attention?"

"It means you want your cunt and clitoris licked by your slave. After I spank him I usually have him lap my cunt for a while until I am sexually satisfied."

The girls initially seem shocked, but after a moment's thought Tricia said "You mean he'd lap my, uh, cunt if I ordered him too."

"You understand almost completely. He'll do anything you want-anything at all."

"I've heard that having your cunt lapped feels good. Guys are always wanting me to suck their icky cocks, but none of them has ever offered to lap my cunt. They just want to play with my tits."

"Can I have him lap my cunt?" "For as long as you want, dear. That's why I suggested you wear skirts-so he could lap you conveniently if you wanted. Who wants to go first?"

"I do," said Tricia, leaning back in her chair and spreading her legs. "Get over here worm and start lapping."

"Yes, Mistress". I crawled to Tricia's feet, pulled off her panties and started lapping her virgin cunt. I lapped and slurped with particular attention to her clit as Mistress has taught me. Tricia began to writhe and then moan and finally came in an explosion of howls of pleasure. "Wow, wow, oh, oh yes, yes ah..."

The other girls were emboldened and within the next hour I had sucked all three girls to orgasm twice and Mistress had her turn.

After they were all sated, Mistress asked them "Have you ever seen a man cum?" "No," they chorused. "Would you like to?" That got a resounding "Yes." "Worm, beat off for us." The embarrassment was acute but I dutifully grabbed my tool and began pounding away. The cock ring impeded my efforts, but strenuous exertion finally caused me to shoot my wad. And after several days of sexual stimulus with no release it was a huge wad. I came in wave after wave and filled my hand with a quarter cup of jizz. I knew better than to spill a drop.

The girls were awestruck. "Wow! I didn't know it was so much." "Usually it isn't," said Mistress, "but he's been teased for several days without being allowed to cum. The jizz built up in his balls." Turning to me, "All right, worm, you know what to do with it." I did. I lapped it all up, my face red with humiliation and debasement.
Chapter 10: The Arrogant Executive

A full-length robe covered my usual attire, cock-ring and butt plug. I was wearing sandals and suspected that I looked vaguely Arabic. Since my sore ass and butt plug precluded sitting I was standing next to Mistress. She was in business clothes-- a blouse and jacket over a mid-length loose skirt. We were in the reception room of Fred Finkel, the CEO of a large corporation. Mistress' niece Shandar worked for Finkel and had complained bitterly about his arrogant and sexist treatment of her and other employees. Mistress had told Shandar that she would take care of the situation. Shandar was now explaining how, just yesterday, Finkel had fondled her ass as she had been working along side of him on a report. Rhonda, the secretary/receptionist added her complaint. Finkel was a pig and had threatened her with firing if she didn't come across. She was resisting, but had been unable yet to find another job.

Mistress assured her there was no longer reason to fear. She said that she and Shandar would straighten Finkel out this weekend. Would she like to help? Mistress gave Rhonda her card and invited her to come over to her home about 10 am Saturday and to spend as much of the weekend assisting as she cared to. "Bring your camcorder too." Mistress did not elaborate further, but I had a pretty good idea what was in store for Mr. Finkel. Mistress had briefed me on my role for that afternoon's visit. I almost felt sorry for Finkel. He was in serious trouble.

Finally the great man ushered us into his office. He was as self-important and arrogant as I had expected. He tried to come on to Mistress, but she wasn't having any. She marched to the video system that Shandar had told her to expect and inserted the tape of the man being executed for rape. Without a word she began playing it. Finkel was initially mesmerized, then became pale and shaken. He strode to the console and turned it off. "Why are you showing me this? What is it?" "It is the execution of a convicted rapist," said Mistress. "You are about to be so convicted."
Continues...

Pages: Prev | 1 | 2 | 3 | Next

Home | Top | b biddle's Page |   Feedback to author


Home | b biddle's Page - Settings
Wages of Rape
by b biddle
Copyright© 2003 by b biddle


Pages: Prev | 1 | 2 | 3 | Next

Continuation...

"What," Finkel said, "don't be ridiculous? I haven't raped anyone." "This paper says otherwise." Mistress took a form from her purse and handed it to him. I knew it was a notarized accusation against him of rape and that it was signed by two women. I knew that Finkel was doomed. "This is ridiculous," Finkel said. "This means nothing. It didn't happen!" "That's what this worm thought and look at him now." Mistress clapped her hands and I dropped my robe as she had earlier instructed me to be ready to do.

Finkel mouth dropped open as he took in my huge, hard cock and it's tight cock-ring, the harness on my balls, the welts on my ass cheeks and the huge dildo protruding from my asshole.

He was even more disconcerted as I fell to my knees and inserted my head under Mistress' skirt and started noisily slurping her cunt. I could not observe but only hear his further reactions.

"Get out of my office and take that pervert with you," hollered Finkel. "Fine," said Mistress, "we'll just head on over to the police station. You will be in jail within the hour and being put to death within two weeks. Before we go, however, I'd strongly suggest you call your lawyer and ask him what that affidavit means for your future health." She said so confidently that it rattled the arrogant Finkel. He dialed his phone and explained everything to his lawyer. His side of the conversation got weaker and more tentative. By the end his voice was that of a shaken and totally defeated man. When he hung up he was nearly whimpering. "What do you want from me? I can pay. How much do you want?" "We don't want your money. You can't buy your way out of this one. If you don't surrender your body to me for the weekend, you go to prison and die just like the poor fool in that video." Finkel's habit of command and control asserted itself a little. "This can't be true. I can't be convicted for something I didn't do. Forget it. I can afford the best lawyers. Get out!"

"I'll give you one last chance. Shandar and I will wait outside while you have a little conversation with this felon who is now my cunt-lapping slave. He can share his experience with you. You can have fifteen minutes with him. Shandar and I will wait outside." With that she pulled away from me and marched with Shandar from the room. I rose and donned my robe and wiped the cunt-juice from my face.

I had been told to be honest with Finkel. I explained how I too had been convicted of rape even though I hadn't done it. I explained, as his lawyer must have done, that the piece of paper signed by two women was all that it took. No testimony, no evidence, no cross-examination. I told him he was getting away lucky. Mistress had me for three years. He had only to submit for a weekend. He sputtered and fumed, but as I answered his questions about the legal process he became more and more resigned. Finally he changed the subject. "What happens to you? What does she do to you?" I had been told to answer this question in only one way, "She does anything to me that will give her pleasure." He tried getting more information by probing and revising his questions but I knew better than to disobey Mistress by telling him more. The clasp that held my robe together was a bug linked to a recorder in her pocket. "She does anything to me that will give her pleasure."

The fifteen minutes were nearly up. I moved to the door, a cowed Finkel dragging along behind. Mistress and Shandar rose as we entered the reception area. Mistress handed Finkel a card and said "Be at this address at 10 am sharp tomorrow morning. If you are so much as a second late you will pay for it. If you are not there by 11, the police will come find you." The receptionist, initially flabbergasted by Finkel's demeanor, quickly showed delight. I expected to see her the next morning.
Chapter 11: Executive Downfall

The next morning, a few minutes before 10, I answered the doorbell in my usual attire- nothing but cock-ring and dildo. A resigned Finkel was standing there. As instructed I said, "Come in, close the door and follow me, cocksucker." Before he could respond I turned my dildo stuffed asshole to him and strode down the hall into the main playroom.

Rhonda had arrived earlier dressed in casual clothes and was now seated on the couch sipping a cup of coffee. Mistress and Shandar were sitting in the throne-chairs wearing Mistress robes and also drinking coffee. When Finkel spotted Rhonda he sputtered, "What's she doing here?" Performing as ordered earlier, I turned and struck him forcibly in the stomach bending him over retching. "You will address the female goddesses as 'Mistress'.' The only thing you are to say to them is "Yes, Mistress." By order of my Mistress you are to address me, a worthless cunt-slave, as 'Master.' Is that clear?" As he recovered "Yes,... master."

Mistress pointed to the affidavit next to her, "Remember this piece of paper, cocksucker and for proper incentive you will watch all of the execution video. Worm, start it up. "Yes, Mistress," as I started the video. I had seen it several times now, but the horror still affected me. Finkel was devastated. Rhonda was at first appalled, but as it went on she obviously began to enjoy it as did Shandar. They were both beginning to squirm in their chairs, a sure sign that their cunts were getting hot. Cocksucker and I were in for a long hard weekend.

When the tape was over, Mistress rose and I forced the overwhelmed Finkel to his knees. I knelt beside him. Mistress stood over us. "Okay, cocksucker. You're ours for the weekend. You'll do what you're told immediately and eagerly. The least resistance and you'll be punished severely. We intend to hurt and humiliate you as you have hurt others. You will suffer this weekend, but keep two things in mind. When we're through with you, we'll still have worm here to torture. Secondly, you won't experience what that guy on the video suffered. So from now on only three words come from your lips, 'Yes, ' 'Mistress' and 'Master.' This worm is a mere cuntlapping slave who is subject to every whim and punishment I can invent, but you are lower than that, because he is your master subject to my command. Is that clear, cocksucker?"

"Yes, Mistress," said the defeated Finkel.

Mistress seated herself and picked up her coffee. "Stand up and strip, cocksucker." Finkel stood up and began to strip with a "Yes, Mistress." He didn't have much of a body. His muscles and belly were soft and his cock was small. "Pretty small pecker for a guy who thought he was a big man," hooted Shandar. "Yah," laughed Rhonda, "he carried on like he thought he was a stud. Some stud." "Maybe it's bigger when it's perked up" grinned Mistress. "Cocksucker, whack off for us and keep it up until you cum. Rhonda, maybe you'd like to film a little." Rhonda focused her camcorder on the scene as a defeated and deeply humiliated Finkel reluctantly began to beat off. His little prick eventually hardened but it still wasn't much. "Worm, step up close so he can see what a real cock looks like." Yes, Mistress," as I stepped forward. My 9 inch hardon dwarfed his puny little four incher. "Now there's a real man," said Rhonda in admiration. "How can a guy with such a puny dick have been so arrogant? ". "He won't be arrogant anymore." Fred kept pumping away, but didn't seem to be getting anywhere. Finally Mistress suggested "Shandar, maybe he needs a little inspiration." Shandar rose and dropped her robe. She was stunning. Her tits were good sized and absolutely firm. The nipples protruded like erasers. Her black cunt hair was neatly trimmed. She was wearing thigh-length black boots and elbow-length black gloves and nothing else. She was, however, carrying a riding crop that she rhythmically slapped against one hand. My own cock twitched even harder; surprising given that it was rock hard to begin with. After all, Mistress demands a rock-hard cock at all times.

"Okay cocksucker, let's see the jizz that you have been wanting to pump into my cunt. These are the tits you've wanted to play with. Stare at them all you want. You'll get to suck them too, when I want you to. But only after you've been drained. I don't want you enjoying yourself." She fondled first one tit and then the other. It was finally enough for Finkel, who spurted a puny supply of jizz on his hand.

Rhonda, now really getting into it, said "He doesn't even have the balls to produce enough spunk to impregnate a midget. Why did I ever worry about him?"

From Mistress, "Cocksucker, lap up that jizz." Finkel hesitated only slightly, but long enough for Shandar to step up and strike him viciously on the ass. "Yes, Mistress," he said as he began lapping vigorously. He got every drop, the Mistresses grinning arrogantly and Rhonda focussing in for a closeup of Finkel's tongue lapping cum.

Mistress suggested the next round of games. "Okay Mistresses, it's time you began to get some back. He's abused you. Now you can abuse him. I suggest that you each take him over your knees and spank him. The bare hand is nice because it is more humiliating, especially when you fondle his helpless ass. Later we can move to more painful pursuits. Rhonda, why don't you go first. Shandar can film you. Over her lap cocksucker."

"Yes, Mistress," as he draped himself over her lap. Rhonda was somewhat non-plussed to have a plump ass in front of her. She spanked him a few times, but wasn't quite with the program. "Feel him up, and then really let him have it. Remember what a jerk he's been." Rhonda caressed his ass and then really began to let him have it. Soon his ass turned red and he began to squirm and moan. Rhonda was really into it now, but tiring. As her blows rained faster and harder Finkel made the mistake of screaming "Please, Please, stop!". Shandar leaped up and said, "That will cost you. You have been told what you can say and that wasn't allowed. Rhonda, move your hand. " With that she brought her riding crop down across Finkel's defenseless ass ten times in quick succession. He howled in agony but had the sense to say nothing.

Rhonda turned him over to Shandar who, being stronger and more confident than Rhonda, delivered an interminable series of bare-handed blows to Finkel's already well-welted ass. By the time she was done he was a defeated, whimpering mass of jelly. She shoved him onto the floor where he fell blubbering on his face.
Chapter 12: An Executive earns his Sobriquet

"Worm, strap him in the frame," ordered my Mistress. "Yes, Mistress"." I dragged Finkel to the frame where I strapped him in. His legs and arms were spread. His asshole was exposed for fucking and his mouth was at crotch height where he could suck whatever was placed in front of him. My orders had been given to me earlier. I stood in front of him with my cock inches from his tear-streaked face. I began to coat it with a layer of KY jelly. Its nine-inch long, two-inch diameter manliness was obviously intimidating to him. Mistress got up and shed her robe and came to stand next to me. She began to coat her strap on dildo, which made my cock look small by comparison. The dildo was at least 12 inches long and fully four inches in diameter. I hope she never really used it on me. Finkel wouldn't recover if she used it on him. He stared at her dildo mesmerized like a mouse staring at a snake. He was terrified.

"Okay cocksucker, "she said, "you have a choice. You either get this huge dildo up your ass, or you get turned into a faggot by being fucked by another man. Your choice; look at the one you want shoved up there." (He didn't really have a choice. She had already told me that if he picked my cock, I would fuck him, if he picked hers she would laugh and make him take the one he wanted least.) He looked between the two cocks, avoiding focusing on either one, perhaps thinking that this would save him. He was wrong of course. She struck upwards against his balls with her crop and he screamed, "Choose!" He looked back and forth and then decided that he couldn't take the twelve-inch monster and stared at mine. "The cocksucker chooses to become a faggot. Take him worm. Mistress Rhonda, record his deflowering for posterity."

I stood in front of him for a few more minutes caressing and greasing my pole as coached. "I'm looking forward to this cocksucker. I'm abused continuously and I'm not allowed to cum. But today I get to do the abusing and I get to fuck your ass. I may be a cunt slave, but you're worse." I stepped behind him and lined my cock up on his asshole. I began to slowly push. He had the good sense to relax a little and slowly I began to penetrate. Inch by inch my greased cock slid in. When I bottomed out, I withdrew completely and then just rammed it to the hilt. He gasped. I began a rhythmic pumping and as ordered reached around and started caressing and pumping his cock. My orders were clear. I was to drain his cock for the second time in an hour and I, myself, was not to come... yet.

I had trouble controlling myself, but had learned much discipline the hard way at Mistress hands. The effect of my greased cock rubbing against Finkel's prostate was too much for him and for the second time he came. The Mistress hooted. Shandar said "The cocksucker really likes being buttfucked, doesn't he?" Finkel was of course mortified and it all was on videotape.

I pulled out and walked around to face him. His mouth was at the ideal height. "Earn your name, cocksucker." I grabbed his hair and shoved my greasy, shit-spotted cock down his throat. He nearly gagged but I withdrew a little to give him air. "Start sucking and using your tongue." I held him firmly and moved in and out of his mouth. Finally my time had come. In a frenzy of plunging, while screaming with delight, I buried my cock in his throat and released a torrent of jizz that went on and on. He couldn't swallow fast enough. Jizz poured out around my cock and onto his chin and dripped onto the floor. Still I kept cumming. He nearly drowned. Again the recorder got everything.

Finally, recovered, I untied him and ordered him to clean up the floor and my cock with his mouth. He wiped his chin with his fingers and swallowed that too. Rhonda was beside herself with glee, filming from every imaginable angle. I glanced at Shandar and noticed that her cunt was dripping with excitement. Rhonda said "Finkel, you're mine from now on. I've got this video and when I want to I'm just going to walk into your office and have you eat my cunt." Finkel's fun was just beginning. It wasn't even noon on Saturday and the Mistresses had the whole weekend before them.
Chapter 13: My Own Jizz Slave

Mistress came back one afternoon with a surprise. When I met her at the door in my usual cock-hard state I assumed the woman with her was another Mistress brought to torment me. But then I noticed that this woman had a leash on her.

"The rape laws have struck again, worm. This bitch was convicted of assisting her boyfriend in rape. I had a small part in that because I hate this cunt. She's been dissing me for a long time and now I've got her in my power for the next two years."

"Watch this, bitch." Mistress stripped off her clothes and put on her biggest double-ended dildo. She draped me over the footstool and whipped my ass with her riding crop until I was howling with pain. Then she made me suck the dildo until it was wet. I was eager to get it as wet as I could because I knew where it was going next. Sure enough she rammed it up my ass and pumped away until she came in a furious climax twisting my cock and balls as she came. The sound of my howls of pain made her climax even more intense than usual.

She turned to the woman again. "This is my slave. I do with him what I want, when I want. He doesn't resist, do you worm?" "No Mistress," I said having gotten to my knees before her and fastened my mouth on her huge fake cock. "I hate you, bitch, and you're going to suffer and be humiliated, but you won't have the honor of being humiliated by me. This worm is a miserable cunt slave, a disgustingly low form of life. But you're even lower. You're going to be his jizz slave. Not merely his slave, that's too exalted. Not just his sex slave or even his cock slave. You're to be his jizz slave. You will exist to absorb his jizz. See his huge cock? He's going to use it to pump jizz up your ass, in your cunt and down your throat. He will do with you whatever he wants and he knows that to please me he must make your life a living hell. I'm going to enjoy that. Normally I don't allow him to cum, but now he can cum as often as he wants so long as it debases you in the process. And if you resist, it's off to the prison where you'll be executed very painfully." The cunt shivered at the thought.

My cock was throbbing with the possibilities. Here was a chance to take out my frustrations and hatred of Mistress on a helpless female. I began to think of the possibilities and to examine the body of my new toy. Even covered in jail garb it showed possibilities.

Mistress unchained the girl and unhooked the cuffs and thrust her toward me. "Take her, worm." The girl began to splutter and hurl invectives at Mistress as she stumbled toward me. I hit her fairly hard in the stomach and before she recovered I had her stripped naked and pinned on the floor. I was sitting on her chest so that my legs pinned her arms. My huge cock thrust up towards her face between her magnificent tits. I grabbed one tit in each hand and squeezed cruelly.

"Listen up, cunt. From now on you'll only open your mouth for three things, to suck my cock, to eat my jizz and to say 'Yes, Master.' Do you understand?" "Fuck you," was the response. I bitched-slapped her so hard she nearly passed out. "Do you understand?" As I bitched-slapped her a few more times. Resistance fade quickly, "Yes, Master." "Now listen up. When I tell you to do something you'd better do it quick or I'll beat you black and blue. From now on you exist to please me and through me my Mistress. She treats me ruthlessly and if you think you'll receive any mercy, don't. Any mercy I might be dumb enough to show you will only cost me. And I don't feel very merciful anyway. My cock has been abused and denied for months. My asshole has been reamed by dildos and cocks. I've been forced to suck cunts, cocks and dildoes and I've eaten bucketsfull of jizz. I've been spanked, paddled and whipped. I'm aching for revenge and you're the lucky cunt who's going to be on the receiving end. Is that clear?" I bitch-slapped her again. I could see that Mistress was pleased with me as cunt said compliantly, "Yes, Master."

I struck her another stinging blow and before she could recover I was up on one of the throne chairs with her draped over my lap. My throbbing cock was pushed up into her belly. She could not reach the floor with her feet or hands, so it was easy to hold her down with one hand as I fondled her ass cheeks. "I've been on the receiving end of spankings. They were humiliating and painful. Mistress hits so hard that I holler and thrash before she's done. But I bet I'm even stronger than she is-you're really going to suffer and this isn't even the best I can do. Wait for the crop, the belt, the paddle and the whip." With this I began to spank her as hard as I could in a deliberately paced way that I knew I could continue for as long as I liked-or more importantly for as long as Mistress was amused. When cunt began to squirm and holler I reached around her and crushed one tit in my hand. I alternated caressing the tit and tweaking the nipple with crushing the tit and pinching the nipple. My blows to her ass continued. Every once in a while I would stop and fondle her ass cheeks. A few times I stuck a finger in the KY pot the Mistress keeps near each throne and rudely shoved it up my new slave's cunt or asshole. The indignity and pain renewed the cunt's howling.

When I sensed that Mistress was getting bored, I thrust cunt from my lap and dragged her to the fuck frame and tied her in securely and cruelly. Her limbs were stretched tight and it would be only moments before her muscles began to hurt. Many times I had been in that device with my mouth and asshole at fucking height. Now I had a trussed toy with not two but three holes at my pleasure. I walked around to the front and said, "Let's see, which hole shall I attack first? Doesn't matter, I guess. I'll take all three." I greased up my throbbing, 9-inch long, two-inch diameter rock-hard cock and walked behind her. I lined it up with her cunt and in one violent thrust rammed it to the hilt. The cunt squealed and Mistress applauded, "Bravo, give it to the bitch!"

I backed out and plunged in, but soon her cunt stretched to accept the implement and since I was bored I figured Mistress was too. I walked back to her face and holding the cock in front of her mouth asked aloud "What next?" Cunt reflexively opened her mouth a little. I reached for more jelly and said "Naw, let's do the asshole first." I walked around behind her and lined up with her asshole. "Relax or I'll ruin you for life, cunt." I pushed against her asshole and slowly, slowly worked my way in an inch or so. When I was sure I was past the sphincter and would cause no permanent harm-I had learned my lessons well on the receiving end-I rammed my cock to the hilt as she screamed with pain. Mistress was beside herself with joy. She had her vibrator out and was working on her clit.

My arousal built, but before I reached orgasm I knew that Mistress would be more amused if I flooded the cunt's mouth. So I reluctantly withdrew and when in front of her rammed my cock deep into her throat. She sucked gamely. This was too much for Mistress. She climbed atop the frame and rammed her cunt in my face. "Suck worm." I was barely able to "Yes, Mistress," before I erupted. I grabbed a crop and began beating the cunt's ass as I came hollering into Mistress' pussy "Suck cunt, suck." I pulled out a little so that my huge torrents of jizz filled her mouth and dribbled down her chin. I pulled out completely as the last squirts came and covered her face for good measure. (Mistress is proud of the fact that after a few days layoff I can generate a quarter cup of jizz.) Mistress came in a torrent of pleasure and we both collapsed on the sofa. After a few minutes I released the cunt and had her lap my cock clean. Then I had her lap up the spilled jizz, after which I laid her before Mistress, shoved my softer cock into my new slave's mouth while I lapped Mistress to another orgasm.
Chapter 14: Slave Auction

I only had two weeks to go in my rehabilitation program. In only two weeks, the three years of torment at the hands of my Mistress would be over. The endless rounds of spankings, whippings, and cunt lappings would be ended.

But here I was, stark-naked, at a slave auction and up for sale. My body gleamed with oil and my 9-inch long, two-inch diameter cock throbbed in hardness, kept in that state by my gold cock ring. I was tied to a frame, my legs and arms stretched so that I assumed an x-position. My body was completely helpless and exposed. Dozens of other men were similarly displayed as a group of barely clad Mistresses wandered amongst us inspecting our bodies.

They fondled asscheeks, hefted balls and squeezed cocks to test their hardness. They probed assholes for tightness and tweaked nipples to check responses. The effect on me was at once erotic, humiliating and confusing. Why was I being sold when I only had two weeks left on my sentence?

The room emptied of women as they moved to the auction room itself. One by one the men were removed from the frames and led into the bidding room in shackles and on a leash. When my turn came I was led into the room onto a stage. The room was dim, but my body was illuminated by a bright spotlight. The auctioneer began the bidding and I was soon disposed of to a Mistress Constance.

A few minutes later I was dragged into the presence of Mistress Melissa and Mistress Constance and forced to my knees at their feet. They unshackled me and handed me a pen and a piece of paper. "Sign this worm." I read the paper:

    "Dear Judge Jones,

    I have been in rehabilitation for my crime of rape for almost three years. Under Melissa Miller's direction I feel I am making great progress. I do not wish to ever be a repeat offender, and I have come to the conclusion that a further course of training would be helpful to me. Constance Jones has kindly offered to continue my rehabilitation for a further two years. I respectfully request that your honor extend my probation by an additional two years with Ms. Jones as my probation officer. I understand that the same rules will apply during these additional years. That is, if my probation officer should determine that I am making inadequate progress I will be sent to the prison for execution."

The Mistresses had both signed as endorsers and there was a place for my signature.

I looked up at the Mistresses and blurted, "No, I won't sign that. I only have two weeks to go." "That's what you think, worm," said Mistress Melissa. "Remember your sentence from the judge? I can, at any time until the last moment, have you sent to the prison for execution. You remember about execution don't you? If you don't sign, I'm going to torture you unmercifully for the next thirteen days and then send you to the prison on the last day of your probation. That will be time enough to allow them to execute you. You sign or you die! Those are the choices."

I was stunned. "Will I be free at then end of two more years?" "Not if I can find someone else to buy you," said Mistress Constance. "You're a sex slave for as long as there is a woman who wants you. It's either that or death the hard way. I've heard they have developed a new way of execution that involves using wire cutters on your balls. They snip off one piece a day for weeks. Each time the pain is apparently excruciating. Once your balls and cock are gone they start in on other parts of the anatomy. It takes months to die this way and the prison warden loves it."

I began to quake and reluctantly signed the paper. Mistresses Melissa and Constance were triumphant. Mistress Melissa took the signed paper and, with a "He's all yours, I'll process the paper with the judge," walked out leaving me with Mistress Constance. Mistress Constance loomed over me gloating. "Phase two of your training begins today. Mistress Melissa told me that you haven't had to suck a menstruating cunt. So start sucking. Consider yourself a Tampax, cuntsucker."

I knew I was doomed as I reluctantly began to suck on her bloody cunt. I would soon learn to eat shit and drink piss. Constance turned out to be a meaner Mistress by far than Mistress Melissa and she was not the worst as I eventually found out. I am in my 15th year of "rehabilitation" now. Perhaps it will soon be over. My body is not as appealing as it once was. It is now covered with burns and welts and scars from the horrific abuse I have received. Maybe this time no one will want me and I'll be released. My fear is that they'll just send me to the prison for execution as a simple method of disposal.


Pages: Prev | 1 | 2 | 3 | Next

Your opinion is important:
Share with the others what you think about
"Wages of Rape"
     
Switch to Expanded voting form
The End
Posted: 2003-12-20
Home | Top | b biddle's Page |   Feedback to author
