WrestleMom
bySurt©

Copyright © 2009, Surt, ALL Rights Reserved.

Feedback is always appreciated, if you want to send suggestions, responses, anything, please feel free to do that, and I will reply. Thanks for reading this and enjoy. The Celebrity Templates are:

Leah Remini as Tina Torrile. (Though it should be noted that all the wrestling personalities mentioned are actual real life people)

***

My hand was shaking, my knees were trembling and my heart was jumping out of my chest as I clasped my sweaty palm on the doorknob. "Could I go through with this?" I asked myself, "Could I?" I looked into the adjunct window, taking a peek at her. She was lying face down on the table, with only a tower covering her. "Could I do this, could I...to my own mother?" As I turned the knob, I thought back to all the events that led me there...

***

Hi, my name is Louis; a lot of people call me Lou, I'm from Poughkeepsie, New York, and my mom is a professional wrestler; not the most obvious of professions for a mother to have. Her name is Tina Torrile; she is a half-Sicilian/half-German petite woman (5'3) with a well toned body, brown eyes and golden brown hair.

When she was around 17, she met a guy, and not being the most careful kinda gal, she got knocked-up. When she told him, he could have not split town any quicker. After I was born, my mom went to go live with her then-recently-married sister and her husband.

My Aunt's name is Polly and my Uncle's name is Theo, shortly after my mom and me moved in with them, they had one son, Adam, me and him pretty much grew up as brothers. My aunt and uncle were quite different from each other. While Uncle Theo has always been a very cool, approachable guy, Aunt Polly, who is at least 15 years older than my mom, was the disciplinary mother-figure of the house. Even though she seemed quite cold at times, deep down my aunt was a nice person. Adam's a good, normal kid, always easy to get along with.

Since my mom's life's plans were kinda derailed when I was born (she was training to be a gymnast) she looked for a new career path. When I was around 4 or 5, she decided she wanted to be a pro wrestler. My mom was a wrestling fan from birth. When she was a kid, her and her father had an almost daily schedule of wrestling shows they would watch together. Her passion for the industry combined with her acrobatic skills, cheery, likeable demeanour, and good looks made it an easy decision for the woman who always had a rough-and-tumble tomboy personality. Because of her easy-going demeanour, she'd sometimes act more like a sister than a mom -- that along with the fact that we both got told off by my aunt for misbehaving.

Lots of people, mostly my aunt, tried to put my mom off from pursing her dream, but she kept at it and after training for 2 years, on-and-off in-between jobs, she made her pro debut when I was 7. Of course, it was scary for me, watching my mom get thrown around the ring like that, but I was wised-up about the predetermined nature of professional wrestling a long time ago, so I was ok with it, though my uncle and aunt did make a point of not letting me watch her matches when I was little.

When she was starting out, she worked for low-level American independent leagues. She got her first big break in Mexico. In Mexico, she wore the outfit she would wear for the majority of her career: an all-over sliver jumpsuit, so I was spared the embarrassment of having a mom that rolled around in skimpy clothes. After a few years of working in Mexico, she'd got herself a good reputation as a solid and technically proficient women's wrestler. Her work impressed the talent scouts in Japan; they invited her to work in the country that was considered the Mecca of serious women's wrestling.

Because she was away so much, I didn't get to see her a whole lot. She did miss some Christmases and birthdays 'cause she had some show to do. When I was a kid, I did miss her a little, though my uncle and aunt were around, so I always had that family environment. She was never a bad mom, she always did try to make time for me, but being on the road so much, touring the world, there was only so little free time she had.

I never told any of my school friends that my mom was a wrestler, for obvious reasons. Around the time I was in school, the wrestling boom had ushered in the wrestling babes like Sable, Trish Stratus, Lita, etc, making mainstream women's wrestling primo-masturbation fodder for perverts worldwide. That gave me further motivation to keep quiet about my mom's job. Besides, if anyone ever asked, I just said my aunt and uncle were my mom and dad, so no one in school ever knew that my actual mom was tearing it up in Sumo Hall in front of 11,000 screaming fans.

After the Japanese women's wrestling scene collapsed in 2005, my mom returned to America, working for high-level independent leagues. Then, finally, after 10-plus years of hard graft, my mom got the phone call she was waiting her whole career for: at age 33, she was hired by the WWE, the biggest and most successful wrestling company of all time. She trained and stayed in WWE's Tampa-based developmental league for a whole year. At around the same time, I was in my senior year of high school. Never being the academic type, I planned to work for my uncle's successful construction company after graduating.

So, after years and years of waiting, the day had come: my mom was set to debut on national television, coincidently on the day after I had turned 18. She was going to be on the Friday Night Smackdown show, everyone in my house gathered around to watch her match....Little did I know that this one moment would be the start of the most craziest, amazing, wonderful, scary, horrible, and all-around -- yes, I'm going to say it -- magical times of my entire life.

***

"Come quick, she's gonna be on TV soon."

I rushed over to the couch and sat next to my Uncle Theo. Seated close-by was my Aunt Polly and my cousin brother Adam, who was sitting on the floor.

I leaned down towards Adam. "What's her match?" I asked

"Umm, from what I remember, I think she's teaming with Melina to go up against Natalya and McCool."

I leaned back onto the couch to see my grinning uncle nodding his head at me. "You hear that? Melina!"

My aunt slapped him on the shoulder, and said in her Brooklyn accent, "Hey! I ain't wanting none of that talk around me!"

She must have thought he was too old to be ogling women like Melina, what with the grey stubble all over his brown head, along with the wrinkles on his face; it was kinda creepy to see him all excited over a woman almost thirty years his junior. Meanwhile, my aunt, with her 50's-style bob haircut, and pale sour-melon face, was definitely not happy to be watching "filthy wrestling filth."

"Look it, look it," pointed Adam at the screen, "It's next!"

Out to the ring first came Michelle McCool, a tall, slim blond with shiny blue shorts and a matching halter top. Accompanying her to the ring was her partner Natalya, a shorter, stockier woman with broad shoulders, blond hair, pink highlights, wearing tight pink trousers with a black vest.

They both jeered and taunted the crowd as they walked down the ring; they were the bad girls team in that match, also known as the "heels." My mom was on the good girl's team, more commonly referred to as the "faces."

Up next to the ring was Melina, a sexy olive-skinned Latina woman with frizzy dark hair, an amazingly acrobatic body, with a devilishly sexy smile to boot. She simmered her sexy body down to the ring with her special paparazzi red carpet entrance. The room got tense as we waited for the next participant.

"...And her partner, hailing from Poughkeepsie, New York: Tina Torrile!"

A generic techno theme blared out from the sound-system as my mom walked down the entrance ramp. Gone was the all-over sliver jumpsuit; in its place were dark blue form-fitting lycra tights, along with a matching crop-top style sports bra which accentuated her newly-toned body. She and Melina were smiling and tagging hands with the crowd.

"What is she wearing?" grumbled Aunt Polly. "I preferred her other outfit, this one is just too skimpy. Look! Her whole stomach is on show!"

"Well, that's the major leagues for ya," my uncle replied, "gotta look more H.D friendly in this era."

"Theo!" my aunt exclaimed in surprise. "Don't be so crass, Louis is right here!"

"Oh, that?" I said. "It's nothing, it's ok, Aunt Polly, yeah, don't worry, I'm not embarrassed or anything, I know the score. I think she looks good...healthy."

"Yeah, healthy," agreed my uncle.

My healthy mom got in the ring, the bell rung and the match started, all of us in the room watching in silence. As I watched my mom in the ring, I had this really weird warm feeling in my chest that stretched all the way down to the pit of my stomach. I admitted to myself that my mom looked good, I would even say sexy. So odd to think it and know it's true; it just felt weird just watching, seeing her look so damn good. Before, when she worked in Mexico and Japan, she was promoted purely as a serious professional wrestler, but in the WWE, she was flaunting her sex appeal for the first time: I didn't know if I liked that or not.

Throughout the match, I got more awkward feelings when I saw my mom's fit body bounce around the ring; I was relieved when Melina was in there, at least I could appreciate her body without feeling guilty. The match was not that long, just about six minutes; my mom was pinned by a kick to the face from McCool.

After the match, Melina helped Mom get on her feet, hugging her and patting her on the back. Now that was pretty damn bizarre: watching one of my fantasy women, all sweaty and breathing heavy, in an embrace with my mother! I had never been that confused and turned-on before. But the worst (or best) was yet to come. Just before the show went to commercial, Melina gave my mom a friendly tap on the butt! That gave me a hard one, along with a whole bunch of confusion.

I sat through the rest of the show in a haze, just thinking about that match -- and my mom. I tried to get my mind off it, but I was stuck in a loop, thinking about it over and over and over.

After the show was over, I rushed to my room and sat there for a while, just thinking about what had happened. Eventually, the thoughts were just too much to keep bottled up in my head, so I began muttering to myself: "Man...Did I just get a hard-on for my mom? My mom!? No way...She did look good, no! No way...it was that costume, man, that fucking ring gear! Oh lord...ok, ok... She has a nice body, ok? I admit it...nothing wrong with knowing your mom is good-looking, tons of people have hot moms...shit...why was I so excited over that? Man! I don't know why....Melina slapping her ass...fuck, that did it for me...fuck..."

I decided to stop thinking and went looking for things to occupy my mind with. As I was on the internet, my mom was still on my mind, so I did something I'd never done before: I went on the forums to look for comments about my mom. When Mom wasn't in the WWE, I knew guys were discussing her on message boards and stuff, but that was mostly about her in-ring work, what I sought on that day was the reactions to her sexy makeover. I found the feedback to her WWE debut, skimming her in-ring contributions and seeing what the guys (and one gal) thought of her 'physically.' I got what I wanted.

"oh my god... look at the ass on that, wow! who knew Tina was packing so much heat?"

"I wish I had tits like hers, all perky and perfect"

"Fuck, i always thought she was a babe, now i wanna put her on my knee and spank that booty!"

As I read comments like those I unexpectedly started scratching my crotch region, getting more and more excited with each pervy comment. "That's my mom they're talking about," I reminded myself, "My mom!" After I had read all the comments, I went to the official website of the WWE. Once there, I saw a tiny little icon which said, "Tina Torrile Studio Shoot." I clicked it without thinking. I looked at the posed pictures of her; she was wearing her ring gear, smiling with her hands on her hips. There was another of her with a flirty smile, another of her pointing and grinning. I was rubbing myself at that point, undeniably turned-on by the sexy pics of my mom. Then came the one that sent me over the edge: It was a picture of her smiling, with her back to the camera, her tight, firm butt on display: that did it for me. I pulled my pants down, and for the first-time ever, jerked off to my mom.

After I had finished, I felt guilty, dirty, horrible guilt. It took many deep breaths to calm myself down. Surprisingly, that guilt melted away quite quickly. I was able to reason with myself, able to find reasons for what I did, like how I never thought of my mom as my full 100% mother because she was always gone so much, so that maternal link wasn't that strong, yeah, Aunt Polly was like my real mother to me. So, for those reasons, I didn't feel that bad at all.

Afterwards, I would try to avoid watching my mom's TV matches with the family, I'd always viewed them alone. Mom never had many photos on the website, just her in her ring gear. They were P.G rated pictures, nothing too exciting. Whenever I was alone on the PC, I would do my thing to them. I was also able to separate my mom's sexy persona on TV from the real life woman I knew, but saying that, I thought it was amazingly kinky stuff: having a sexy mom on TV I can jerk off to.

Due to her WWE schedule, my mom was home for only one day and a half each week. There was a little awkwardness when I would see her, though I quickly got over that when she told me of her adventures in the WWE. I endlessly asked her questions about the experience. By the time I ran out of questions, she was gone again. This cycle went on all through the summer, leading into the fall...

***

I was walking home from work, thinking of which questions I should ask my mom on her weekly visit. The basic gist of my questions was always along the lines of, "what is this guy really like?" So I went inside my house, and much to my surprise, my mom was already home. She was on the couch with my aunt and uncle.

"Mom!? Oh wow cool, your home! Isn't it early though? I thought you were coming back tomorrow?"

She got off the couch and walked towards me. "Well, we all got a few extra days off because, Son, I got a surprise..." she turned to my aunt and uncle, "Ok should I tell him?"

They both nodded in approval.

"Ok, be ready Hun...How would you like to join me, on the road, as I go on a two-week tour of Europe?"

I was left stunned for a moment. "What? You? Me? Umm, I wanna make this clear: on the road with the WWE?"

"Yes, all over Europe, with the WWE!"

"Yes, of course I would!" I jumped up and down, hugging my mom. I was on top of the world! I was going to be around my heroes and icons! I was actually going to meet the legends and stars of the WWE! I was over the moon!

I looked over to my uncle and asked, "Hey, will this all be ok? What about work?"

"It's fine, Lou, think of it as a vacation."

"Yes! Thanks so much everyone! This will be great!"

"This will be good for us as well," remarked my mom. "It will help us bond."

"Yeah, Mom, sure...woo! I'm going to Europe, yeah!"

***

The trip was two days away -- and I counted down each and every hour. After an agonising wait, I was off to Europe! First stop: England! WWE's biggest international market, they planned to stay for five days in the United Kingdom. We landed in Manchester. It was quite a scene as my mom walked around the airport. Making sure she represented the company well, she wore big superstar sunglasses, expensive black jeans and a dark blue tank-top. Her breasts bounced around very nicely in that snug-fitting top, getting the approval of the leering men who were captivated by her hip-swaying walk. After she called the front office, we got in a rental car and drove onward to the arena.

She started the conversation: "So, when we get there, you just stay quiet. Try not to bother anyone."

"Not even an autograph?" I asked as she drove us through the English suburbs.

"No, Hun!" she said in that familiar Brooklyn accent. "You know those guys; you gotta respect those codes of theirs. They only allow kids to hang out with them, only little kids since they wanna be nice, but you? You ain't cute or little," she chuckled to herself. "If any do say hi, be polite, talk to them, but don't kiss too much ass, they hate that."

"Ok, Mom." I then looked at the backseat; I saw her ring gear peeking out the bag. "Umm," I asked nervously, "You gonna be wearing that?"

"Why? You got a problem with them?"

"Umm, I mean, yeah, kinda. I liked the other one better; this one is kinda more...embarrassing."

"Son!" she remarked in surprise. "When did you turn into your aunt? I could be wrestling in a bikini or in lingerie like Maria! You want that? Don't think I don't have the body for it!" she said with a giggle.

"Oh ha," I mumbled jokingly, "No need for that." Embarrassingly, the thought of my mother in a bikini or in lingerie gave me a hard-on; I shuffled around my seat so it didn't become obvious. It was really weird being around my mom when she looked that sexy, it was one thing seeing her on TV and on the internet, but another when she was right there. We made some brief chit-chat before we got to the arena. When we did, my mom went off to the locker rooms to get ready for her match while I wandered around in awe, seeing the wrestlers I had grown-up watching on TV, right there in front of me. A lot of people didn't even know that my mom had a son, expect for the high-ranking officials, who had okayed my mom's request for me to come on that tour. Being an unknown was fine with me; I stayed quiet, just sat and watched the wrestlers work.

***

"You kidding me? Was it fun? It was insane! We sold out the Sportatorium every night we were there. The Freebirds and the Von Erichs was one of the, if not the, hottest feud of all-time, the live gates were through the roof! You won't find anything like it today."

Despite my mom's warnings, I was having fun talking to the Head Writer of the Smackdown show, and bona-fide wrestling legend, Michael "P.S." Hayes. He was a big, tall, heavy guy, in his mid-50's, long, messy blond hair, flesh-coloured beard, with a scraggly southern accent.

He slapped me on the back, "How about you get in the business, eh? What are you, five-eight? Trim, good-looking kid like you, chicks would go nuts for that!"

"Ha, yeah, maybe."

Just then, a production guy came up to Hayes and whispered into his ear.

"Ok, ok, thanks," he then looked at me, checked around the area to see if the coast was clear, and whispered, "Hey kid, you know Eve?"

"Oh Eve? Yeah! She's so hot." Eve Torres is a mega-sexy Central American beauty with an equally hot combination of T&A.

"Well, how would you like to see her in the showers?"

"What?" I couldn't believe what he had just said.

"You know? Eve? Do you want to see her in the showers? Naked."

I took a big gulp and replied, "Well, hell yeah! If that's ok."

A huge smile spread across his face, "Come with me then."

He led me to a darkened corner of the building, we talked as we walked.

"Now, with these buildings, they always have peep-holes in the showers, it's a British thing, well anyway, it's a little secret between us higher-up's, we can peek at the fine ladies that work here and since you're cool, I'm letting you sneak a peek at Eve!"

We went through a narrow corridor and faced a hot wooden panel. I could feel the heat emanating from the wet, damp floor and could literally see the steam coming out from the wall. I could have exploded from excitement at that moment.


WrestleMom
bySurt©

Hayes, with a huge grin on his face, rubbed his hands in glee. "Now, you put your eye into that peep-hole and take a peek. Go on, she can't hear us, have fun with it, hee-hee."

I took a deep breath, got near the wall, leaned slowly against it, not wanting to make any noise and took a peek. I saw her from the back, her amazing curves, her gorgeous, golden brown skin, the water roaring down on her, from the top of her head, down to her amazing, perfectly formed ass. I was in heaven. I enjoyed the moment for a few more seconds...then she turned around. I got a good look at her and knew right away it was not Eve Torres in that shower, no, no...It was my very own mother!

I backed away, horrified at what I'd seen. I looked over at Hayes and saw him break into a horrible shrieking laughter. He pointed at me with tears in his eyes. I stood there, stunned. I quickly realised that I had been played by him.

"Oh my God!" he said in a shrill voice. "You, hahaha, you were, hahaha! Getting excited over your mom! Hahahahaha! Your mom! Hahaha, that is so fucked up! Hahahahaha!!! Your own mother! Oh fuck, hahaha! Oh shit! Hahaha, oh god, oh my lord, that is just too much."

After calming himself down, he slapped me on the shoulder and quipped, "No worries kid, I won't tell anyone, I'm not allowed to anyway. Oh shit, this may get me fucked again, ok, really, don't tell anyone," he then broke back into laughter, "Like you would! Hahahahaha! Oh that was too much, hahaha!" I watched as he walked off into the distance.

I quickly ran into a corner, sweating from head to toe, thinking about what had happened. I was shaken up by it, while feeling bad over the fact that I enjoyed it. It was one thing jerking-off to my mom's TV persona, but getting excited over her in person? It was new to me, as strange as that all sounds. I was also angry, angry at that fucking asshole Michael Hayes. I felt like kicking his ass! But that would have done no one any good, seeing as he was technically my mom's boss. He determined her future: I didn't wanna risk angering him.

After sitting and thinking about it for a while, I decided to forget it ever happened, just forget it and move on. Since Hayes was not telling anyone and I planned to never tell anyone either, I just wanted to pretend it never happened; I was determined to enjoy my time in the WWE and not let one moment ruin it.

***

My mom came over to me, waving as we got ready to leave the arena.

"Hey Lou, how was it?"

"Umm, yeah, fine," I tried not looking at her, I still felt majorly awkward.

"The boys treat you fine?"

"I guess, they were ok."

"Oh? I thought you'd be more excited."

"Well...your heroes never turn out to be what you expect."

"Aww," she patted me on the back, "It was the same for me when I got here. Come on Hun, let's go to the hotel."

"Ok, Mom."

While we drove, I looked out the window, trying to think about something other than the prank Hayes had pulled. By midnight, me and Mom got to our hotel, got separate rooms and went to sleep.

***

It was the next morning; I awoke early so that me and Mom could get to the arena on time. We followed the previous day's routine: Mom went to the locker rooms, I wandered around the arena. Whist in my walk, I went to the ringside area, there I observed the ring crew assembling the ring. Due to my background in construction, I noticed some errors they were making.

"Need any help?" I asked.

"What? What can you do?" asked the head of the crew, a white English man with a goatee.

"Well, I've been working construction since I was fourteen. I'm sure I can figure out how a wrestling ring works. I can help in some way."

"Really, kid?"

"Yeah, really."

"Ok kid, help put this pole up, let's see what you can do."

From then on I helped the ring crew out at each arena; it gave me something to do, it helped me feel like part of the team, not just some freeloader.

Later that night, as the show was closing up, I went to the catering area to see if there were any leftovers. As I took a piece of chicken from the catering table, a big booming voice bellowed at me, "Hey there!"

I dropped the chicken, then saw the Chairman of the WWE, the one and only Vince McMahon, coming up to me. He was a big, powerful guy with a huge presence and a pretty good physique for a guy in his mid-60's. He had short darkish-grey hair, very broad shoulders, and was wearing a dark blue suit. He looked pretty tired; his clothes were slightly dishevelled.

"I'm sorry, Sir, n-no one was around, so I thought it be ok."

"It's fine," he chuckled, "Help yourself, there's plenty."

I gazed in awe at the creator of the WWE. He made some coffee while giving me a puzzled look.

"You Tina's son, right?"

"Yes, Sir."

"Hmm, yes, I heard about what Hayes did, that whole deal with you and your mom."

"Yeah, that was really bad, really embarrassing. I'm sorry Sir, it will never happen again." I was not sure why I was apologizing, but I felt like I had to.

"Don't worry; I personally made sure that he won't tell another soul about what happened. I assure you, it's a guarantee. An incident that embarrassing is not something I want you to be burdened with."

"Thank you Sir, I really appreciate that, thanks"

"No problem...but," he lowered his voice, and nudged closer to me, "Go on, just between us guys, tell me: what ya think of it?"

"I'm ok with it now, I'm over it, it's cool, I'm ok."

"No, no, tell me what you thought of her," his voice suddenly took a more perverted tone. His expression changed from stoic to alert. I didn't know how to respond.

"Umm, Sir, that's my mother, you know--"

"She's a good-looking woman."

"She is."

"So you admit your mother is attractive?"

"I didn't say that, but yeah, she is."

"Well, what did you think of her? Were you aroused when you saw her in the shower?"

"I-I was at first 'cause I didn't think it was my mom--"

"So you were!"

"Yeah, but when I saw her face, I was not so into it--"

"But you were aroused by your naked mother in the shower, you have to admit that?"

"...Yeah?"

He paused for a moment as he thought to himself. "...This is good, really good, never in the history of the WWE have we had a WWE Diva with a son at your age, it's eighteen, correct?

"Yeah."

"Perfect!" he started talking really quickly: "She's a mother, a sexy mother. She can go down the ring, gyrating that body of hers, with the males in the audience knowing of her background, knowing that she has a son around their own age...Ohhhh...I like that, I like that a lot, it has such a great ring to it...sexy mother with a son of the legal age...it has never been done before, yes!" He put down his coffee, almost shaking in excitement. "But we have limits; there is only so many ways we can show her on TV. Gawd damn P.G!" He turned his back to me, then started mumbling to himself. "If only we...could get her in...Something raunchier than what we do now...not our magazine, not the website...Hmm...Something we can put her in...A magazine? A...European magazine? Hmm...That way, we could... I got it!"

He turned to me and gave me a very stern look: "You tell no one of this conversation, you hear me? No one. This thing with your mother, it is something I have wanted to do for years," he took out his phone and handed it to me. "Your number, put it in."

"My what?"

"Your number! Do it!"

I quickly put my number into his phone. He snatched it back and put it in his suit jacket. As he began to walk, he stopped, pointed at me and said, "You keep your phone with you at all times?"

"Umm...mostly, not all the time."

"Keep it with you at all times, I mean it: at all times." He then briskly walked off, probably hoping that no one saw him. That was one strange encounter.

I was not surprised at Vince McMahon's reaction; he was a well-known fan of incest, always trying to get an incest storyline into his programming, even going so far as to propose a storyline where he would have taken credit for his daughter Stephanie's pregnancy. Of course, these storylines ideas were shot-down.

After that day, me and Mom settled into a routine for the tour; we would come from the hotel, she would go to the locker rooms, I would go help the ring guys, then we would go to another hotel. This went on for three more days, till we went to France. Because all the wrestlers and staff were going to be in non-English speaking countries for the rest of the tour, they took us around Europe on tour buses. Me and Mom went on separate buses, but stayed in the same hotels. Little did I know that a huge game-changer was coming right up!

***

It was morning in Madrid, Spain. Me and Mom were ready to get on the buses when she suddenly got a phone call.

"Huh? What? Yes... So we wait for a--...Ok...He has to come with me? All right, well, ok...Bye."

"What is it, Mom?"

"They said I was going to have to be late for the show because they've booked me for a photoshoot."

"A what? How come?"

"Yeah, crazy, I know. They want you to come with me as well. They said that you were a minor!? Must have been some sorta mix-up or something...Well, Hun, this is better than you being all alone in Spain. You better come along."

"Umm...Ok..."

My mom and I waited an hour for a taxi to pick us up. When it arrived, we got in, and were driven to the studio.

"Hun," she said as we both sat in the car, "I don't know what this photoshoot is about, I think you better stay away from where the pictures get taken though, I don't think you wanna see me getting all undressed or nuthin'."

That got my motor going, "Oh um...yeah, sure, no problem," I wondered what her photoshoot was going to be like. When we got there, she was whisked away by one of the female assistants. Then, a male assistant approached me and asked, "You Louis Torrile?"

"Yeah, I am."

"Ah yes, we got a room for you to wait in, come this way."

I got taken to a nice lounge area. It had green walls, was small, compact. I sat on the black couch and flipped through some Spanish magazines. It was not two minutes after I had entered the room that I started feeling a buzz in my pants: my phone was ringing.

"Hello?"

"Hello, it's me," it was Vince McMahon. "I hope you're where I want you to be."

I was left speechless for a second, "Umm, I'm in, I'm in a photo studio."

"The lounge?"

"Yes, the lounge." I wondered what the hell was going on.

"Good, now, if you look to the left of the couch, you will see a black coat and hat."

I rummaged around the couch, and just as he had said, there was a black bomber jacket and black baseball cap there.

"I found it."

"Good, now put it on, and follow my instructions: Go right from here. Keep on going right till you see a door, then go through that door."

"Are you...Sir, are you going to make me watch my mom's photoshoot?"

"Why of course I am! You think I let you miss it? Now get going, tell me what you think of it later," he immediately hung-up the phone.

I put the jacket and hat on, opened the door, and followed Vince's instructions. I saw a blue door: I went through it. I was in a cramped, dark corner of the photo studio, in a place where no one would've spotted me. I looked around, saw a white backdrop, lighting guys, and some people milling around. They all talked in Spanish to each other before the photographer, a skinny bald guy with a well-trimmed goatee, said in broken English, "Okay, chop-chop, bring the lovely in!"

My mom walked over to him. She was wearing a long pink bathrobe.

"Okay lovely," he touched her shoulder, "Oh my, lovely indeed, you are just gorgeous! So adorable! Wowie! When I heard we had a wrestler, I expected a butch woman; you know, with big muscles and that-that, but you! You're a sexy little package, aren't you!?"

My mom's face turned red, "Aww, stop it, Hun! You're too much!"

He put his hand out for an effeminate handshake. "My name is Rodrigo and you are?"

"Tina," she responded to his handshake.

"Ok lovely, for you, I want an American-themed photoshoot! Lots of that, umm, what you call it? Americana! That's it! I want that all around! That good?"

"Yeah, sounds good to me, Hun."

"Great," he slapped his hands loudly, "Take her to wardrobe!"

My chest felt like it was about to explode as I waited in anticipation for her first outfit. Five minutes later, I heard the sound of bare feet smacking against a concrete floor: it was her.

She looked so different, yet so familiar, as I watched her from my vantage point. The cherry red lipstick, the blush on her cheeks, the light eye-shadow, her volumized hair: all of it made her look so much sexier. Mom was wearing a nondescript blue and white American Football jersey, totally bottomless, her sexy toned bare legs on display. Her shirt was small enough to get tantalising glimpses of her underwear.

"Ready?" he asked.

"Ready," she replied.

She tentatively stood in front of the white backdrop, her hands placed around her stomach.

"Now, now, don't be nervous, I wanna get the, the, the tiger out from you! You know, get you looking like a sexy, dominate woman! Pose for me, let me see it!" he took his camera out and started snapping.

Mom pulled her shirt down, smiled, turned a little to the left and right. After a few minutes, she got more comfortable, a broader smile spread across her face; she started playing to the camera by putting her hands on her hips and pointing.

"Sexy, sexy, gimme me more, my lovely."

She put her hands near her breasts, crumpled her shirt, rubbed her legs together, and made a kissy face towards the camera.

"Perfect, perfect! Little more, nice! Lovely!"

My mom then put her left hand at the bottom of her shirt, pulled it up, just a little, to reveal the tiny sexy white panties she had on underneath. They fitted snugly on her, with visible perspiration on her thighs. Then, she put her right index finger on the tip of her lips and put a sexy grin on her face: the kind of expression which just screamed "fuck me!"

"Great! Very great! Ok!" Rodrigo called over a male production assistant and gave him an order: "Get her in that outfit, she is ready for it, we can get so much out of it."

A woman put a robe on my mom and led her backstage. I was sweating bullets just watching! It was unbelievable, seeing her pose like a sexy model; it was like she was a different person, yet still the same! Hard to explain, but oh so hot. My hand had gone down my leg, almost on its own as I watched. No need to say what I was doing! When I saw my mom's next outfit, I almost imploded.

She wore a bikini-top which had an American flag imprinted on it; along with that she wore form-fitting, matching, stars-and-stripes boy-shorts. Her butt-cheeks jiggled nicely as she walked confidently to the white backdrop.

"All right, let's get this going!" she enthusiastically shouted to the crew.

"That's what I want to see!" responded Rodrigo.

She was given a set of American themed objects to hold. First, she was handed an apple pie, which she held in both hands, did a cute wink and posed as if she was serving it. After that, she was given an American football; she tossed that around and got all sweaty in the process.

I thought about how bizarre this all was. I had memoires of my mom giving me apple pies and tossing footballs to me, and there I was, watching her do those same things, but now she was in her underwear!

Lastly, Mom was given a rubber Lady Liberty torch; she held that high in her left hand, smiled, and gave a sexy salute.

"Okay, okay, Tina, are you ready?" asked Rodrigo.

"As I will ever be, Hun,"

She turned around, untied her bikini-top, took it off, quickly grabbed her breasts, turned back around and held her peachy breasts in a cross-arm position. The make-up woman went up to my mom and gently touched and brushed her chest, putting the final touches to her. My mom smiled to the camera, almost naked in a room full of people, fully confident with her toned body. Her body, shimmering from all the day's sweat, with the added glow of make-up making her radiate. She was quite limited with the poses she could do, so she just tossed her hair around and gave "fuck me" looks to the camera.

"Ok, one more from behind!" shouted Rodrigo.

My mom turned around and stuck her butt out. Her shorts were so tight that I could see a perfect outline of her round firm ass.

Rodrigo made a few more flashes of light appear from his camera, before he declared: "We are done! Quick, get her in a robe."

A woman put a robe over my mom and hurryingly took her to the back. Rodrigo went up to her, patted her on the shoulder, telling her she did well. The whole shoot, for me, was so intense, so amazing, seeing her transformed like that. If I was ever on the fence about her, I was not after that experience: she was a hot, sexy woman I would've liked to fuck -- even if was she my mom.

After the shoot, I ran back to the lounge. I then sent Vince a text message. I made sure it was vague enough so anyone but him who read it would not understand it. It said: "I'm with you on this one."

Me and Mom left the photo studio and were driven right to the show. Soon as she got in the car, she went on her cellphone. "What? The show has started already? What are we now? We're semi-main! Yeah...yeah I know, I don't get why they booked me on something so short notice...yeah, I'll see you Hun, bye." She put the phone down and looked at me in disbelief. "Can you believe they did this? What reason did they have to do this all last-minute?"

"I got no idea," I said with a smirk.

***

After the show had finished, I helped the ring-crew disassemble the ring. After finishing that hard job, I wandered around the locker room area, thinking about that super-sexy photoshoot. Then, I stopped in my tracks when I heard a familiar laugh.

"Hahaha! She can't have done that! Really?" It was my mom!

I hid myself behind a giant box and looked over to see what was going on. My mom was in her ring gear, the blue crop-top and tight pants. She was talking to a fellow wrestler who went by the name Batista. He was a part-Filipino, part-Greek giant muscle man with veins all around his body. He was wearing his trunks and boots, a sly smile on his face. Batista had a reputation of being a ladies' man, with his favourite breed being WWE Divas, of which my mom was one!

He was leaning against a wall as he spoke in that smooth baritone voice: "Yeah, yeah, I know what it's like. Kids, they can be such a handful."

"That could not be truer, Hun. But ya know, no matter what they do, you still love them."

He looked her right in the eyes, "I could not agree more, I could not agree more, you got it right."

"Well, I gotta go. Early trip and all."

"Oh yeah, yeah, me too, I'll be seeing you later."

"Bye, Hun."

"Bye," Batista nodded his head in approval, admiring her ass as she walked off. I could tell from the look in his eyes, he was scouting my mom as his next target! Not wanting my mom to become another notch on Batista's bedpost, I went up to him.

"Hey, Batista."

He gave me a slightly disgruntled look: "Can I help you with something?"

"Umm, yeah, sorta, umm, you see, how do I put this? Umm you know --"

"Go on, spit it out."

"You know that woman you were just talking to?"

"Yeah, I do."

"Well," my palms got sweaty as he continued to stare a hole into me, "She's my...mom."

"Ok...so what?"

"Well, Dave --"

"Did you just call me Dave?"

Before I could respond, he cut me off, "Did you call me Dave? No one calls me that but my friends, are you my friend?"

"Umm--"

"No, don't answer, you are not my friend: do not call me Dave!"

"I'm sorry, it's just that, umm," my mind had left my body at that point: I was just rambling. "You know, she's like, oh you know, you do what you...do, and she's, like, my mom."


"You don't want me hitting on your mom, is that it?"

"Yeah..."

He chuckled to himself, then immediately put a serious expression on his face: "You telling me what to do?"

"I wasn't --"

"You were telling me what to do," he, again, chuckled to himself. "Me? Telling me what to do? You don't want me fucking your mom, is that it?"

"Well, yeah--"

"Shut up! You think I won't fuck your mom!? You think I won't!?"

He stepped back, collected his thoughts, pointed his finger at me, and stated: "Look, all of us here fuck moms, we all do, all us top guys, moms are what's in, we like hot moms, the whole fucking company is P.G now, only moms and pre-teens show up and we ain't looking to go to jail."

He paced back and forth while I stood in terror: "And those moms, they know what to do -- and they want it! Oh boy, they really want it, but they got one problem," he pushed his finger into my chest, "Punks like you! Who think they have some sort of right over who their mom fucks!" He was literally fuming, his whole body turning red. He pointed over to the distance and said, "That's why we got guys like him!" I looked over and saw a very tan Japanese man, who I recognized as a pro-wrestler called Funaki, "Guys like him, who look after the kids while we fuck their moms! Yeah! And for speaking up! You're on Mother Fucker Duty tonight, yeah! I'm gonna send you some kids to look after while I FUCK their moms! You got that?" He got close to my face and barked loudly: "Don't you EVER tell me what to do! EVER!"

Batista walked off in an absolute rage. I quickly ran over and introduced myself to Funaki.

***

Me and Funaki talked about contemporary Japanese pro-wrestling while we showed the kids around the arena. As we were giving the kids some free stuff, I noticed a guy who looked around my age; dark hair, medium-height, Caucasian, wearing a white shirt and white pants, leading a group of four kids.

"Aw right, aw right, no more screaming kiddies," he spoke in a cockney English accent.

He seemed really distressed. "You need some help?" I asked.

"Aw mate, they driving me nuts!"

"Hey, Funaki, can you take these four kids with you?"

"No problem," he replied. He ushered the kids away, probably took them back to their well-spent moms.

After the kids had gone, I looked at the guy and said, "Mother Fucker Duty?"

"Aw man! They never mentioned this in the dirt sheets! Hey, thanks for that, man, can you believe Hayes still gets pussy?"

"Him!? Yeah, I know it, first hand. I fucking hate that guy."

"You ain't a fan of that guy either? Me too, mate, that guy is a Grade-A prick, he can go fuck himself!"

"Ha, yeah, all the way back to Mid-South, where his career actually mattered."

"Oh, you a 'mark' too?" he said with some surprise, 'mark' being an insider wrestling term for fan, which is also used among hardcore wrestling fans as a term they use for each other.

"Yeah...oh I'm Lou."

"Oh me? I'm Will."

"What's with the get-up?" I asked as I pointed at his white shirt and pants.

"I'm a masseuse, they recruited me when they were in England, they have let me ride along for the whole European tour, pretty sweat yea."

"Yeah, pretty good deal."

He waggled his finger at me, "I see what you're thinkin', I know what you wanna ask: the answer is no, I don't get to rub down any of the fit Divas, only the top guys make me massage them and shit...and besides," he rubbed the back of his neck while looking down at the ground, "Those chicks would know I would enjoy it."

I was impressed by his candour. "Ha, yeah, at least you're honest about it."

"Yeah, yeah...so you a ring guy?" he pointed to my black shirt which had the company logo on it.

"Well, yeah, sorta, umm, more of a guest."

"Oh I see, so you been invited by someone? Is it a wrestler?"

"Yeah."

"So you're related to one of them?"

"Oh yeah."

"Oh that is so wicked, man! Which one is it?"

"Tina Torrile."

"Wow, so you're her brother or something?"

"Son."

He put his hand over his mouth in disbelief, "No fucking way, no way, I-I read about her having a son and all, but it's always been, like, a legend. No shit, no fucking way, you're her son! What age are you, mate?

"Eighteen."

"No shit!" he said in shock, "I'm only twenty, so your mum has a son around my age! She looks so fit -- whoa, whoa, sorry, sorry mate, she's your mum and all."

"Ha, it's cool," I said as I laughed awkwardly.

Will looked at his watch, "Oh shit, it's one already, which bus you taken, mate?"

"I usually go on the production one."

"Oh, me too, let me pick my stuff up, we'll ride together, cool, mate?"

"Cool, cool..."

***

It was very early in the morning. I was sitting in the back of the bus. It was just me and four snoozing catering guys who were sitting at the front, a lot of empty rows from where I was seated. I saw Will and waved him over.

"Pretty packed bus eh?" he said with a cheeky grin.

"Ha, yeah, you be grateful I saved you a seat."

He sat one seat away from me. Seconds later, the bus got going. Will was giving me a look of quiet amazement.

"Wow, I'm still trying to get my head around it: you are the son of Tina Torrile...wow. That is so epic, proper epic."

"I never really thought of it like that, I mean, yeah, I grew up having a mom as a wrestler, but I never told anyone in school, so I guess this would be the reaction."

"Didn't tell anyone, mate?"

"I didn't want to, they would've all been bugging me about her, I would've been ripped by all the guys for having a mom that is a wrestler."

Will nodded his head, "Yeah, mate, I can imagine...Tina Torrile, that's so fucking insane! You won't believe this, but I've been following your mum since I saw her in one of my bro's issues of Super-Luchas."

"My mom was in Super-Luchas?" (Super-Luchas being a Mexican wrestling magazine)

"Yeah, yeah, she was wearing these...umm...fuck! Umm, you know those really tiny jean-shorts."

"Daisy dukes?"

"Yeah! That's it! She had on these daisy duke shorts, and, like, a country shirt, it was all tied-up," he paused for a second, then laughed to himself, "I'm sorry, I'm such a dick, fuck; I forget she's your mum and all."

I wanted to hide my genuine excitement, so I brushed his comment off. "Ha, it's cool, no problem." I was thinking about my mom posing for a magazine in her younger days. My curiosity got the better of me when I asked Will a question.

"Hey, Will, was my mom in any other magazines?"

He gave me a puzzled look, "You don't know which mags your mum has been in?"

"Nah, I don't think she was much of a collector."

"Well," he pondered as he rubbed his chin, "other than Super-Luchas, she was in Weekly Gong, the women's edition."

"Oh right, Weekly Gong, the Japanese wrestling mag? Right?"

"Yeah, she did a bikini shoot with Takako Inoue (A popular Japanese women's wrestler)"

I felt a real buzz go through my body when I heard that. I cleared my throat and remarked, "Inoue, eh? Wow, I always had a lil' crush on her."

Will grabbed my shoulder and playfully shook me. "Fuck! You gotta tell me you met her, right? You lucky fuckin'-"

"Hahaha! Hey, hey! No, I never got to meet her."

He let go off me and sighed, "Man, you don't wanna know, you just don't wanna know the things, the stuff, that I would be doing if I had a mum with your hook-ups." Will then looked around the bus, lowered his voice, crouched down a little, and said, "Mate, on the level, proper on the level, yeah? I see no downsides to having a mum like yours."

"Umm...Thank you?" I laughed awkwardly.

He had an apologetic expression on his face when he said, "Mate, I'm sorry, I can't hide it, I think your mum is proper, proper fit."

"Fit? Yeah, she's in good shape and all--"

"No, no, no, when I say she's fit, I'm saying she's sexy and all."

"Oh."

"I envy you, mate, you got the perfect mum, she's proper perfection"

"Ok, hold on a minute, are you trying to say that you would find my mom to be hot, even if you were in my shoes?"

He put his hands up in the air, "Mate, I can't lie, I can't lie..."

"Oh, well, you know, I guess it's...an opinion..."

There was a minute-long silence between the two of us. Will then leaned back in his seat, coughed loudly and suddenly began to speak: "Since I've become a masseuse, I've had so many friends and family come up to me and say, 'hey Will, my neck is a bit stiff,' or, 'Will, mate, my shoulders are killing me,' it's always a proper...umm..."

"Chore?"

"Yeah, that's it, chore. It's always a proper chore when they ask me to rub them somewhere, though there is one family member it's never a chore for: My aunt." He smiled to himself then shook his head, "Mate, you don't know my aunt, she's only about thirty, ten years or so older than me, she's closer to my age than my mum's...I, I." he laughed to himself, "When I was younger, I had a lil' thing for her," he then started waving his arms and laughing hysterically, "Mate, it's not like what it sounds! I didn't have a lil' 'thing' for her, you know, physically!"

"Right, right, I get it."

"Yeah, so anyways, I had not seen her in a proper long time, till like a year ago, I met her for the first time in, fuck, in ages... when I saw her, mate, she was just the same, but, oh man, she had changed so much, she was taller, bigger tits, nicer rounder arse, heavier, not like heavy as in fat, like she had filled out, you know?"

"She had become a woman."

"Yes, that's exactly what happened: she turned into a proper woman, more curves and stuff. So her and my mum was talking, and my mum leaves to go shopping, which leaves me and my aunt alone. As we're talking, my aunt points at my massage table, which is always in the living room 'cause my mum uses it to iron the clothes, so I ask her, if she has any problems, and she says her back, her back hurts a little." Will rubbed the palm of his left hand as he continued to talk: "So I leave the room to go wash my hands, 'cause, you know, I'm a professional. I come back in the room and there she is: her clothes were on the floor and she had wrapped herself with a towel."

"Whoa."

"Yeah, mate, there she was, smiling at me. I didn't expect that, I just thought she would hop on the table, not strip off! So she lays down on the table, I push her towel down, and rub her back...and I keep rubbing and she really likes it, 'cause I'm purposely hitting her pleasure points. She then tells me to get on top, so I get on top of her and rub her back, then she turns around, grabs me, and, well, we fucked..."

"...Wow, that's incredible."

"Yeah, it was...You know, I never told anyone that before."

"Well, I understand why. Oh whoa, wait a minute, was she a blood relation? Was she your mother's sister?"

"Yep, mate: I did full-blown incest and don't feel bad about it at all."

"Wow," I looked out at the scenery, gazing at the Spanish hillside, absorbing all that had been said. "What happened afterward?" I asked.

"Oh, fuck knows. She left the next day, probably felt weird and shit."

"Yeah, yeah...you know, it's funny, you mention your aunt was, like, only ten years older than you. She must have felt more like a cousin than an aunt."

"Yea, exactly like that."

"It's the same for me with my mom. She's kinda like a sister sometimes."

Will paused, then wagged his finger at me, "I knew you would draw a link between my aunt and your mum."

"Why is that?" I said defensively.

"Well, I think we both have the same sorta weird feelings for them...Come on, mate: Tina, fucking, Torrile for a mum! Don't lie; you can't say you don't want even a little piece of that?"

"It's-it's not like that, she's my mom."

"Aw come on, mate, no need to lie to me. Look, ok? Who am I going to tell?"

I was cracking under the pressure, "I mean, she's my mom, it should not be like that."

"'It should not be like that' you say?"

"Oh...Okay, okay, I admit it: I think my mom is a babe, but she's always been more like a sister, you gotta know that."

"Don't even explain," his voice had taken a more serious tone, "Don't even bother to explain it to me: every guy deep down would agree with you, mate. Fuck those that don't."

I breathed a huge sigh of relief. It felt surprisingly good, telling him all that.

"How did you know?" I asked.

He had that cheeky grin back on his face, "Your cheeks went all red when I told you your mum had been in those magazines."

"Ha, yeah."

"But fuck those magazines, mate, she's your mum! You must have seen her naked?"

"Well, I have seen her in the shower and in her underwear a couple times." I deliberately left out the fact that all those moments had happened recently.

"Fucking hell!" he said in amazement, "W-what's her bum like when it's bare?"

"Amazing, very round."

"Fuck! Oh that is just too much, that is just too much. Hey, you ever try it on with her?"

"What!? Hell no, I'm still her son, I would be knocked back!"

"Yeah, yeah...You still wanna do, you know, all that kinda stuff with her."

"Well, I wouldn't say no."

"That's what I like to hear, honesty is always good." he leaned back in his chair and pondered for a moment. "If only, if only, we could get your mum in the same situation I got my aunt in."

"Yeah, you could," I said half-jokingly.

"Yeah, I could, she's on my list you know?"

"Your list?"

"Yeah, my list," he reached into his front pocket and took out a little black book. As he was holding it, the bus hit a bump and he dropped it on the floor. He picked it back up, then showed it to me. "This is my list of all the people who have requested massages. I never get around to them 'cause the top guys keep hogging me."

"My mom's on it?"

"Yeah, mate," he said as he flipped through the book. "She wants someone to work on her...back."

"Her back? Oh wow, just like with your aunt."

"Yeah, but that's no surprise, every wrestler has back problems from falling down on that mat each night."

"That is true."

He tapped the book on the chair while thinking, "Hmm...You have her phone number, mate?"

"Yeah, I do."

"Ok..." He spoke quietly, "You got her number, I can phone her, I'll say, 'would you like a back massage, I can do it for you today.' Yeah, I can do that...nah, it's too crazy, I could get in trouble. Ah forget I said anything! It's way too risky."

"Hey, what was your plan?" I asked eagerly.

"Well, since I know you, and you know your mum's number, I planned to phone her and get her on the table and do my thing to her, but that's just too risky and dumb, 'cause if I get her all excited, she will know it was a set-up for me to do that." He looked at me, then suddenly backed away, "Whoa, mate! Where is my fucking head!? I just told you I planned to fuck your mum on a massage table!"

"Hahaha, nah, it's cool, I was actually going along with it."

"You were, like, proper going along with it?"

"Yeah, I think it would've been hot."

"Really, like, on the level, yeah?"

"Yeah, one-hundred percent." The thought of my naked mother being penetrated on a massage table was something I really liked.

"That's good, 'cause I might not be able to do it, but you, you could."

I was taken aback. "Huh, me? What?"

"Yeah, mate, you."

"How me?"

"I'll just say you're a Spanish massager who specialises in backs."

"Won't she know it's me?"

"Well, she'll be lying down face-first on the table, but if you're worried she will spot you, I got a facemask right here, I'll even let you borrow a spare uniform, what ya say?"

"I-I don't know, it sounds really risky."

"Look, mate, it's a win-win, I'll go in first, I'll tell her to get on the table, you go in, she won't know it's you, you touch her up, you're happy, she's happy, we're all fucking happy. And before you ask what's in it for me, well, I just think it will be so fucking hot! Tina's son rubbing his mum's body without her knowing, come on, tell me that don't do it for you?"

"I-I do like it."

"So you in, mate?"

I nodded intently, "Ok, ok, I'm in."

"Great! Now gimme her number; gotta do this quickly."

I handed him my phone, showed him which number was hers, he put the number into his phone and rang her. Will adopted a more posher English accent as he spoke: "Ah hello, it is me, William the masseuse. I have a six am opening and was wondering if you would...Oh, you would love one you say, your back must be... ah yes...yes, oh I do know... Fantastic, I'll set it up, oh I hope you don't mind, but I shall be sending my Spanish colleague, umm, Eduardo over to help, he is a back specialist...ok that's great... you too... Bye-bye."

He looked at me with glee on his face, "It's on, mate! It's well and truly on!"

For the reminder of the trip, he prepped me on what I needed to do for my 'appointment.' The hours flew by quickly and before I knew it, I was waiting outside a Portuguese hotel room, in a white facemask, shirt and pants.

***

The Portuguese hotel was actually built more like a motel, which I didn't mind at all, as that meant the rooms had windows I could peek through. It was early in the morning, with no one else around. All that was behind me was a nondescript half-empty parking lot. I watched from afar as Will gave my mom her instructions. After giving her the layout of what was to happen, he pointed her to the bathroom, then rushed out the room.

"Wow, mate, I just met Tina Torrile! She is so much fitter in person. I was asking her about GAEA, Triple A, what Antonio Pena was really like and -- whoa wait, oh shit, there is something I almost forgot: you see those candles I put on the bedside table?"

I looked into the room and saw two large candles with white smoke neatly coming out from them.

"Yeah, I see them."

"Good, good, those are something extra I added. The smoke from those candles will make your mum more 'suggestible,' if you know what I mean. The great thing is, is that it won't affect you, cause you got a face mask on, but you gotta let her inhale it, so take your time with her."

"Ok, got it."

"Nice, nice, mate, now wait for her to lie down on the table so she don't see you come in. Good luck!" Will slinked away to the corner so he could watch. I crouched down and waited for my mom to get on that table. I took a look at my surroundings. I saw that the room had a brown shag carpet, a small bed and a small television, in all a pretty cosy room. My mom came out from the bathroom with a white towel around her body. She looked around the room, then, laid down face-first on the black leather massage table, with her head neatly fitting around the head-rest.

Will gave me the signal; I stood up, shook of my nerves, turned the door knob and entered the room. Almost immediately after I had walked in, I felt this intense heat that shrouded the room. I took a moment to compose myself, then, crept over to the massage area. I saw my mom lying there, with her hair dangling down her sides, unaware of my presence.

"Ahem," I cleared my throat and adopted a deep Spanish accent, "Hello, I am Eduardo, the massager."

"Oh hi there, I'm Tina," she sounded quite tired.

I hesitantly stepped closer and put my hand on her towel, "May I?"

"Huh, oh yeah, sure."

As I slowly slid the towel down her body, I could feel my heart go a 1000mph, my throat itching from the heat, but at the exact same time, I was also incredibly excited. As I pulled it down, the towel untied around her body, came loose and exposed the sides of her breasts and her bare back. I lowered the towel down to her legs, getting it just about near her ass, almost exposing it. I cracked my fingers and lowered the tips down to her gorgeous, golden brown skin. When I made contact with her body, I felt a tingling sensation go all over me. I pushed down gently, rolling my tips around her back, moving them around that whole back-region, enjoying the feel of her soft supple skin.

"You like?" I asked.

"Hmm, hmm, could you go harder?" she said as she fidgeted around.

I put my palms down onto her, pushing down hard, getting my sweat on her sweat, making sure I got a good feel. I continued to rub her body, sliding my fingers and hands side-to-side, not believing the luck I was having.

"So good, Eduardo."

With everything going so well, I decided to try my luck, "You mind if I rub your legs, Madam?"

"Huh, oh, please do." She seemed to be slightly out of it.

So I moved my hands to her toned thighs, stuck my hands in deep, really deep, really dug my fingers in. As I continued to go up-and-down her sweetly sweaty legs, I was inching the towel off her butt, inch-by-inch. I looked at the clock and saw that five minutes had gone by. I looked for a way to stall for time. I grabbed some oils and decided to use those. I opened the bottle and dripped the contents down, slowly, onto her back, the warm oils pouring down her steaming body. She reacted with muffled groans, I sensed she enjoyed it. She may have even felt slightly orgasmic at that moment.

"Ohhh, that feels good, Hun."

The sudden realization of who she was hit me at that moment: she was my mom. I was so caught up in the moment that I had almost forgotten who exactly she was. Hearing my mom use one of her familiar sayings as I rubbed her naked body only got me more excited.

I distributed the oils around her body, switching between rubbing her back and legs, letting my hands slide around her, keeping a firm grip on her slippery sexy body. I played my luck some more by rubbing around her lower back, wondering how "suggestible" she had become. I put my finger near her butt, poked it gently, then immediately backed away. I looked at her: she didn't respond. I got two fingers ready and poked her ass for a second time. Again, she didn't respond. I poked both ass cheeks with three fingers, really deeply, and again, no reaction. I rubbed my oil-covered hands in anticipation of what was to come. I glanced at the towel; I noticed it was slipping off her. I grabbed it and let it fall gently to the ground.

I licked my lips when I saw it. I had seen it from a distance, but never had it right there in front of me, staring me in the face: my mom's perfectly round, delectable, delicious, mouth-watering ass. I grabbed the towel and used it to clean my hands: I wanted that feeling of skin-on-skin. I lowered my jittery hands, slowly, and put them on both cheeks. I looked at her to see if she would react, she didn't, so I dug my nails in and took a great big feel.

"Oh, oh," she cried out in pleasure.

Knowing she liked it made me even harder, so I started to rub her ass every which-way I could, from side-to-side, to making a circle motion with my hands, even playing my mom's ass like bongos, all the while she was completely under the spell of the candles, probably thinking it was part of the massage or a highly-charged erotic dream.

As I was gently slapping my mom's ass, I looked down and saw a clear clean liquid substance between her open legs: she was getting wet. I lowered my hand down the middle of her ass and put my fingers close to her sweet shaven pussy. Sweat was pouring down my face, so nervous; I had to lift my mask up so I could breath. My whole body was shivering.

I took several deep breaths, then, gently, poked one of her pussy lips.

"Ahhh," she let out a high-pitched squeal.

I quickly tickled her pussy. "Oh ohhh, ahh!" she squealed again.

I moved next to her head, stroked her hair, and said in a calming accented voice, "No worries, dear, it is all part of the service."

"Oh, huh? Ok," she said in a complete daze. She couldn't reach her head out the tight headrest, she was too tired to try anyway, so I was in the perfect position. I held her down by putting my left hand on her ass and then went to work on her with my right. I tapped my fingers on her vagina like it was a keyboard, furiously typing away at her pussy, making my mom quiver wildly. I couldn't believe what I was doing: I was fingering my mother's warm sponge-cake-like vagina. It was incredible! But I didn't have too much time to think about what I was doing, I sensed my time was running out, so I went for my finisher. I closed her pussy shut with my middle finger, and tapped on it like it was a flute, opening and releasing, opening and releasing, pushing down hard and deep, each push harder than the last.

"God!" she said in a muffled voice, "Oh God, oh, oh fuck."

I pushed down harder and harder, deeper and deeper, and then, almost in an instant, it was over: like a beautiful waterfall, a clean clear stream of liquid came pouring down, flowing all the way down to the floor.

Will tapped on the window: my time was up. As much as I was enjoying myself, there was no way I wanted to get caught. Mom lay there in a heap, all cummed out, with no clue to what had happened. I took one final look at her, her face buried in the headrest, her naked body laid out on the table. I quickly threw a towel over her so no one would be suspicious, then jolted out the room.

I went out the room. I saw Will look at me with a slack-jaw expression. He took a glance at my hands and said in disbelief, "No way, wow, un-fucking-real, fuck, mate, wow, just wow."

I looked out into the distance, my body still shaking, and said, "Don't you think we should leave?"

Will took a look at my mom, then, put his hands on his head, "Oh fuck! You finger-fucked her, oh shit, of course you did, I watched you do it, fuck! She might complain, fuck! I could be fucked, mate. I was never here, okay? Fuck! I was never here!" Will ran away as fast as he could.

I walked away at a brisk pace, still buzzing from my actions. Immoral as it all was, I felt no guilt, hell, I was happy! I was damn-near skipping when I got to the street! After I was a safe distance away from the scene of the crime, I rubbed the cum off my hands, went into my pocket and took out my phone.

"Hello? Vince, you won't believe what I just did."

End 