I really don't know how it happened. One minute I was up in the barn, catching bales of hay as Dad tossed them up to me, and the next minute I was waking up in my bed. Somehow I do remember falling though. I remember hitting my head on something and then it was black ... until I woke up.

That was strange enough but ... for some reason I was also naked. I couldn't focus my eyes when I first woke up so I kept them closed. The fact that I was naked and not covered was not hard to deduce, even in my state. It wasn't until my eyes cleared and I could see better that my mother came into the room. She was also naked.

"Mom?" I said. "Why are ... you and I ... naked?"

She sat in the chair next to my bed and looked at me. "Naked? Is that a new word you just made up?"

"What do you mean, new word?"

"I know how you like to make up new words," she said. "What does that one mean?"

"What?" I looked up at her. She looked as if she really didn't know what it meant. "Naked. You know, without clothes on."

"There's another one. What does clothes mean?"

"You're not serious. We wear clothes to cover our bodies?"

"Why would you want to cover your body? That's a silly word and a very silly idea."

I put my head back on my pillow and shut my eyes. "I don't believe I'm having this conversation with my mother. There is such a thing as modesty, mother. You have preached that all our lives."

"What has that got to do with covering your body with ... clothes?"

I opened my eyes and looked at her. "You're serious, aren't you?"

She got up and headed for the door. "Sometimes you can come up with the silliest ideas, Jimmy. You need some rest. I'll send one of your sisters up with your dinner in a little while." She shut the door.

"What the fuck is going on?" I thought. "I'm laying here naked and my mother doesn't know what I'm talking about. I must have hit my head harder than I thought."

Just then there was a light knock at the door and it opened. It was Dad ... and he was naked.

"Your mother says you're well enough to be making up new words. Sounds to me like you're ready to go back to work."

"I think I need some more rest, Dad." I closed my eyes again and put my arm over them ... and fell back to sleep.

I woke up some time later and still had nothing on. I had a little bit of trouble getting out of bed but my head soon cleared. I sat on the edge of the bed and looked around. My dresser was gone and in it's place was a desk with my computer on it. It had been on top of my dresser because I had no place else to put it.

I stepped over to where my closet had been. It wasn't there. There was a rack for my baseball stuff hanging where the door used to be.

"No dresser and no closet. No place to even keep any clothes. What the fuck is... ?"

Just then there was a knock on the door and Angie stepped in. She is the youngest of my three sisters at twelve years old. She was also naked. I went over and sat on my bed and put my hands in my lap.

"What is going on here, sis?"

"Momma asked me to check on you. She seems to think you bumped your head a little too hard last week."

"Is that how long I've been out?"

"Eight days to be exact. Do you remember anything. Daddy didn't see you fall and he doesn't know how it happened."

"I remember that my shoe slipped on something."

"Momma said that you were making up new words. Ok. What is a shoe?"

"Shoes. They go on your feet and ... Oh, what's the use? None of you know what I'm talking about anyway."

"I think Momma's right," she turned to go and my eyes caught the sight of her ass. She turned back around. "I'll let Shelly and Gail know you're awake. They were worried that you wouldn't be awake for your birthday next week." She turned and left.

Shelly and Gail are my other two sisters. Shelly is twenty one and Gail is seventeen. I was going to turn sixteen in a few days.

I got up from my bed and went over and sat at the desk. The chair was comfortable and felt ... sort of ... familiar. I turned on the computer and couldn't believe what I saw. Everybody on there was naked. I went to the local news site. The female reporter had her tits almost laying on her desk. The male weatherman had his big hairy dick just swaying in the breeze. Everyone they interviewed was as naked as a Jay bird.

I clicked on my usual porn sights. All I saw were blogs. Some were about farming and others were about politics. One was even about recipes.

Just then my door flew open and in stepped my sisters. My eyes shot directly to their tits and then to their pussies. There was no way anyone could tell if either of them was a true blond or not. They both sat on my bed and I turned to face them ... with my hands in my lap.

"Momma called the doctor," Shelly said. "He'll be here in a little bit. Are you ok?"

"I ... don't know. I must have a case of amnesia because there is a whole lot here that I don't remember."

"I hope you remember your birthday because we've all been looking forward to it," Gail said. "Tina and Wendy are flying in for it."

"Why are they coming?"

"Because they don't have a brother and we do," Gail said. "You're going to be sixteen so you're it."

"What has that got to do with my birthday?"

They both just looked at me and smiled.

"You really don't remember, do you?" asked Shelly. "Are you in for a big surprise?" They both laughed then left the room.

It wasn't long before the doctor came in and examined me. He asked some questions then left without another word. Oh, by the way. He was also naked.

I decided to brave it and go downstairs. I was hesitant at first but finally said what the hell and went. The girls and Mom were flitting around just doing women stuff. Mom spotted me and came toward me.

"Do you think you should be up yet?" she asked.

"I'm fine Mom. I'm just a little dizzy and a whole lot confused."

"The doctor said that you'd had a concussion and that you have to take it easy for a while," she said. "He also said that you may have some amnesia. He wants you in his office tomorrow for some tests."

"I don't ... understand any of this, Mom," I told her. "I was in a world where everyone wore clothes and shoes. Now everyone is naked."

"The doctor said that you may have had a dream while you were out," she said. "I'm sure that's it. You'll soon be back to your old self and look back on this and laugh."

"I suppose. I just don't understand. That world was so real."

"Go on out and get some fresh air now. It will help clear your head."

I stepped out onto the front porch and sat on the top step. It wasn't long before Angie came out and joined me.

"What's it like?" she asked.

"What?"

"That world of yours. The one you had in your dream."

"It wasn't too much different than this one," I said. "Everyone covered their bodies up though. That's the biggest difference."

"Why would anyone want to do that?"

"I remember everything else though. I know everyone here. I know that Mr. Martin is our Principal and Ms. Jennings was my teacher last year. I even remember that our dog Roscoe died a month ago. We buried him next to Grandpa in our family plot. I know that next week is my birthday too and I'm going to be sixteen. Everybody's making a big deal out of it though. I just want a nice quiet birthday with my family."

"You really have forgotten a whole lot," she said. "You don't know what's supposed to happen on your birthday?"

"Yeah. I turn sixteen."

"And?"

"And what?"

"You don't remember what you're supposed to do then?"

"No. What am I supposed to do on my sixteenth birthday?"

"Tina and Wendy are coming in special for it."

"Ok. For what?"

She got off of the step and turned so she was right in front of me. Her little newly developing titties were just at my eye level but I tried not to stare at them.

"Why is everyone making such a fuss over my birthday?"

"Because, dear brother, that is the day that you pop all of our cherries and hope to get us pregnant. Any of us that do will be your wives. I can't believe that you don't remember at least that much."

All I could do was stare at her.
Chapter Two

I could not believe what my little sister had just told me. She turned and ran off to play. I looked up and spotted Dad and yelled to him as I got up and headed his way.

"Good to see ya up and around, son. What can I do for you?"

"Angie just told me something and I ... Well ... You know I have amnesia, right?"

"Yeah. What do you need to know?"

"What am I supposed to do on my birthday next week?"

He looked at me for the longest time then smiled.

"Well ... you were supposed to do it two years ago but we delayed it because we didn't think Angie was old enough then."

"Am I really supposed to pop their cherries?"

"Yes son," he said with a chuckle in his voice. "Your three sisters and your two cousins. That's why they're coming. They'll be here tonight."

"I ... don't..." I stepped back from him and looked around. "Somehow it really doesn't surprise me." I looked back at him. "What else don't I know?"

"Unless you're well enough to help me herd some cattle in here for milking I suggest we talk about this later."

I went back to the step and sat back where I was. It wasn't long and Angie joined me again.

"Since you're feeling better, can I sleep with you again tonight?"

My head snapped around to look at her and a shooting pain went through it. I grabbed my head with both hands and leaned my elbows on my knees.

"I guess not," she said and was off again.

"Do you need any pointers, son?" Dad asked as I caught up to him later.

"Let me get this straight. I have sex with my three sisters and two cousins and hope to get them pregnant, right?"

"Right."

"Then, any of them that do becomes my wife, right."

"Bingo again."

"Do I have to do it all at once?"

"You can start as early in the day as you want to."

"So ... Do they come to me or... ?"

"The way they did it for me was they got all of the girls in the living room and lined them up anywhere they could lie down. I started with one and went to each one at their turn."

"How many did you have?"

"I had seventeen. Six sisters and the rest were cousins."

"And Mom?"

"That's the funny part. Your mother was ten at the time and was the only one to get pregnant."

"Was she the one you started with?"

"No. You have to start with the oldest. In your case it will be your sister Shelly. Then there's Gail, then Tina, then Angie and finally Wendy."

"But Wendy's only seven."

"I know but this will be her only chance son."

"What happens to the ones that don't get pregnant?"

"That's up to you. The ones that do have to be your wives. You can also choose from, or take all of, the others."

"Five wives. I don't know."

"It's your choice, son. If you take them all you may not get any work done around here."

"Oh, I'd get some work done. It just might not be very productive, that's all."

Now I found myself living every boy's dream. I had five girls that I was going to love in one day. I had no experience at all and wasn't sure what I was going to do.

"Just do what I did," Dad told me later. "Stick it in and get yourself off. That's all they expect the first time anyway. If you want to get romantic with them you can do that later. If you do it right you can jam it in all the way the first time. If you wait you'll only go in part way and have to wait for them to calm down."

"What if I hurt one of them really bad?"

"The only hurt they'll feel is when they tear. That only lasts a few seconds or so. If they've been together before they come to you then they should all be wet enough."

"Been together?"

"Damn boy. You really have lost it. They all lick each other and get each other wet before they can come to you. Don't tell me you forgot that too."

"So. They will have sex with each other then they come to me to pop their cherries, right?"

"Now you're getting it. You have three days. My advise is for you not to touch that thing until then so you'll have enough to go around."

I had three days. Three days to look at all of the naked flesh that surrounded me. Three days until I was going to get all of the pussy that I could ever dream about.

All five girls were beautiful. Normally I would be happy just to get a look at one of them naked. Shelly, as is everyone in the family, is a blond. Her hair is cut right at her shoulders and has a lot of curl in it. Her tits aren't all that big but they are nice. Like I said before she shaves her pussy, as do all of them including Mom.

Gail is almost a spitting image of Shelly. From the back there is no difference except that her hair comes half way down her back. Angie and Wendy are the same height even though there are five years between them. They both have hair that covers their pretty little butts.

Tina was always my favorite cousin. She was thirteen and almost as tall as me. Her hair it straight, comes down to almost her knees and sort of billows when she walks. She never did anything with it to put it up so it was always straight.

I was going over everything in my head. "Shelly is twenty one, Gail is seventeen, Tina is thirteen, Angie is twelve and Wendy is seven. And I'm going to be dead in three days."

That fatal day came. I lay in my bed as I slowly awoke. Suddenly I felt someone grab my dick. I opened my eyes and saw Shelly sitting next to me on my bed.

"It's about time you woke up, birthday boy," she said as she started stroking me. None of them had touched me up until then.

"What? Here? Now?"

"No silly. Momma has her chair in the living room piled up with old sheets and towels."

"Downstairs. In front of everyone."

"That's right. We all get to watch."

"And you're first."

"I'm the lucky one. I go down, sit in the chair and after everyone else is done with me then you get to pop my cherry."

"I can't wait," I said as I sat on the edge of the bed. "Give me a minute and I'll be down."

I got up and headed for the bathroom. I did my business in there then headed downstairs. Shelly was already sitting in Mom's chair with her legs up on the arms. Gail sat on her knees in front of her.

"Now we can get started," Gail said. "You sit on the end of the couch where you can watch."

I sat on the end of the couch just as her face dove into her sister's crotch. It took about fifteen minutes but she had Shelly screaming her head off. Gail got up and Tina knelt in her place. Before Shelly could calm down Tina's face hit her pussy. One by one each of the girls attacked her and gave her a screaming climax. Then Mom finished her off.

I was so stiff and hurting by then that I didn't wait for the second invitation. I knelt in front of my sister and jammed my dick all the way to the hilt. She screamed but it was like I didn't care. I just started plunging in and out of her as if my life depended on it. It wasn't long and I was screaming myself and filling my first sister.

I was exhausted and certain parts of my back and legs were burning. I laid on Shelly for a minute then looked up at her.

"If that didn't work," she said with a smile on her face. "Nothing will. I can't wait for the rest of this month."

"The rest... ?"

"All month. You have to do this to all of us once a day for a whole month. I can't wait."

I looked around and Dad was sitting in his chair.

"Start digging the hole Dad. I'm a dead man."
Chapter Three

Gail was next. Again, I was really horny when the others got done with her. She'd just had five climaxes and couldn't wait for me to get inside of her. She wrapped her legs around me and pulled until I hit bottom. She had three more climaxes before I was done.

"I really hope you got me pregnant, Jimmy," she said. "Then I'll get to attack you every day for the rest of my life."

I didn't reply. I just pulled out of her and sat back on my heels and closed my eyes. When I opened them again, Tina was sitting there.

"As much as I want to," I told her. "I'm going to have to rest."

She put her feet on the floor and sat up. "That's ok. We knew you probably would. I'll be right here when you're ready. I got up, sat on the couch and passed out.

It's not easy being the main attraction. When I awoke again everyone was ready for me to go again. Someone had even washed me up while I was asleep.

I looked over and gave Shelly a nod and she dove into Tina. She was more than ready for me. Instead of just plunging right into her like I had the others I decided to play a little myself. I grabbed my dick and got the head of it right at her hole. Then I just wiped it from her hole to her clit then all the way to her ass hole. She was doing her best to get me to enter her.

"I want you even if you don't get pregnant," I sort of whispered. Her face lit up and she smiled from ear to ear.

"Then let's get it started now."

I didn't hesitate. I dropped toward her and buried my dick in as far as it would go before she even knew it was in her. She cringed a little but didn't stop me from completing my task. I leaned into her and glued my lips onto hers, and didn't let up until she tossed her head back for her first climax. I had been pounding into her but slowed down until she calmed down, then I started again.

I was relentless. I was determined to make this THE best experience of her life. By the time I deposited my cum in her she'd had four climaxes and was delirious. I thought she was going to pass out. We had to let HER recover before we went on.

"Dad?" I said while we waited. "Can I make a decision right now?"

"What decision is that son?"

"I want them all."

"You sound like I did back then. I'm lucky I didn't take them all because they really wore me out that first month."

"Why did you only pick Mom?"

"There is an old fashioned thing they used to call love. That's what I felt toward your mother, I guess. It was, and still is, unusual for a boy to choose only one, but it does happen."

"What happened to the rest of them?"

"My younger brothers divided them among themselves. What I didn't tell you is that if any of these girls didn't get pregnant then they would be out of luck. We don't have any more boys in the family."

"Well, that's already solved." I turned to the girls. They were already in front of Angie. "You are mine. Tina, call your parents and tell them that you're not going home."

"Me too?" Wendy asked. She got up and stood in front of me. "You want me too?"

I reached out and pulled her to me then wrapped my arms around her. "Especially you. I' love your little butt running around here. I can't keep my eyes off of it."

"You're being silly, Jimmy."

I turned her so I could reach around her and cup her butt cheeks with my hands then I squeezed.

"I am not being silly. I intend to teach every one of you what the word love really means."

She pushed herself back away from me. "Then hurry and get done with Angie so it's my turn." She got down on the floor with the others. Shelly dove into Angie like there was no tomorrow.

Either Angie was really tight or she had faster reflexes than the others. As fast as I jammed my hard dick into her I only went in about half way. I had to wait a minute for her but it was worth it. I had gone in and out a few times then I felt something different. She was tightening her pussy muscles as I pulled out then loosening them as I went in. That felt really good.

I was taking it nice and easy anyway. I got to where I was almost at the point of no return then I slowed down. I know she knew what I was doing and it was starting to aggravate her. Finally I went for the finale. I started slowly and built up speed. I started slamming my body into her at a tremendous rate but she seemed to really love it. She had one climax right away and built to another one. It hit her hard enough to make her pass out just as I filled her up.

I stayed right where I was. I was still hard and in her all the way when she woke up a minute later. I leaned down and kissed her.

"I want you and Tina in my bed tonight." She couldn't say anything and just nodded really fast.

I had to rest again but I didn't fall asleep. We all just sat there and talked. Mom was bringing up stuff that had happened in the past.

"That is really weird," I said. "I can remember all of that. I remember past birthday parties, school, births and deaths. I remember when Bill came to our door asking for a little work and something to eat. You guys couldn't turn him away and he hasn't left yet."

"He's the best man I've ever known that knows how to handle all of those cows," Dad said.

"Why is it then that I don't remember any of this?"

"I don't know honey," Mom said. "This is your birthright. This, above everything else, you should remember."

Wendy stood up and took my hand. "It's my turn, Jimmy. I want you to remember popping my cherry." Everyone laughed.

Wendy was set. The girls had been working on her in the past so they knew that she would be able to have a climax. She did. Five of them. She was almost to the point of passing out when I knelt in front of her.

"Wendy?" She opened her eyes and looked at me. "This is going to hurt you more than it did the others because you're so little. You will stretch some but I don't know how much. Do you understand me?" She nodded.

I took her hands and slid them between the chair and her legs then around by her butt.

"I need for you to hold your lips open as much as you can. Can you do that?" She nodded again.

She grabbed her lips and pulled. I didn't wait. I figured that I would get at least most of the pain over with as fast as I could. I rammed all the way into her in one stroke then stopped. It took a second but she felt it. She let out a scream that was probably heard around the world. She pulled herself up and I grabbed her. I pulled her into me and held her tightly.

"I am so sorry, baby," I said as I stroked her back.

"That really hurt, Jimmy."

"I told you it would. Do you want me to stop?"

She pulled on me a little harder. "No. Just ... wait a minute."

It took a few minutes but she started to relax. I knew she was still in pain and trying not to let me see it. I started moving in her but not much. She finally relaxed enough to lie back in the chair.

"I knew it would hurt," she said. "I watched the others and it didn't hurt them like that."

"I told you that it would be worse for you, didn't I?"

"Yeah."

I started going a little faster now but I was watching her facial movements. She seemed to be ok so I kept it up until I came. I made sure that I didn't do anything that would hurt her any more so I suppressed as much as I could. After that I couldn't get rid of her if I wanted to.

My main 'chore' for the day was done. Mom and the girls made dinner while Dad and I went outside for some fresh air.

"What happens now, Dad?"

"Well, for the next month you're the man of the house. You get to choose the time and place for any of them."

"Time and place?"

"You have to fuck each one at least once a day for the next month. That can be anywhere and at any time you want to. If you want to get one in the kitchen during supper then just tell one of them to sit on your lap."

"I want Tina and Angie to sleep with me at night from now on."

"That is your right. They are all your women and they have to do what you want them to do."

"That's almost like slavery though."

"The sex part will always be your decision. Anything else is up for debate."

"I just can't believe this is happening to me. I have five girls that I can fuck whenever I want to and..."

"You have six, son."

"Where do you get six?"

He turned to me and smiled. "I guess I didn't mention it. You get ALL of the women in this house for at least the next month. That includes your mother. Actually, your mother wasn't the only one that I got pregnant when I went through it. I got my mother pregnant too. That's where Tina and Wendy came from."
Chapter Four

"Did your father tell you about me?" Mom asked. I nodded.

"Did he tell you that I am optional. You don't have to fuck me if you don't want to. But if you do today then you will have to include me all month. Today is your only chance."

"Would you really let me..."

"It's not up to me, dear. It's entirely up to you. If you want to then we will."

"What about Dad?"

"He'll be in there right along with everyone else. I won't be able to have sex with him until the month is up."

"That's not fair to him though."

"Oh, he won't go without. We'll all just give him blow jobs to keep him happy."

"All of you?"

"Yes. Wendy's in there doing it right now. He says that she is really good. I know she can eat a mean pussy."

"This is all soooo weird."

"You wouldn't think so if you could remember it all."

I walked into the living room and saw the girls crowded around Dad. They were all taking turns sucking on his dick or just kissing on some other part of his body. Shelly was sitting under him where he stood and was sucking on his balls. I waited for him to cum then I sat on the couch.

"Girls," I said. They all turned to me. "Since I am the man of the house for the next month, I have a few things that I want to get straight."

"Besides your dick?" Wendy asked. Everyone laughed.

"Yes." I grabbed her and sat her in my lap. "I want you all to suck Dad off at least once each per day. I think that's only fair. Next ... I need for you all to get Mom ready for me. I want ALL of the women in my house to be happy."

Mom didn't waste any time getting into the chair. The girls pounced on her and had her screaming for them to stop. When she opened her eyes I was right there.

"I have waited for this since you were born."

"So have I," I said then buried my dick all the way into my mother.

It had only been two weeks and already some of the girls had missed their periods. The one that I was really worried about was Wendy. I didn't know if she could have survived a pregnancy. I'd heard somewhere that the youngest girl to get pregnant was only five years old. She didn't make it but she and I sure had a lot of fun trying.

"I think you've hit pay dirt son," Dad said. "Shelly and Tina think they've taken. I know Wendy won't but the others will be so disappointed if they don't."

"I've seen Mom walking around with a big smile lately. Do you suppose..."

"She's just happy to have you fucking her. She said that she hopes that you'll continue after the month is up."

"Wait a minute. You're ok with this?"

"You just became a man, son. You are welcome to any woman that even visits in this house. You'll have to share any visitors with me after the month is out though. Your aunt wants to visit later on."

"Any woman that visits?"

"I don't care if it's the preachers wife. If you want her then just tell her to get ready to get fucked. There's nothing the preacher can do at that point because it's your house."

"I guess she gets left at home a lot then."

"He doesn't go anywhere without her. I don't know how many times I have had her right in front of him."

Before the month was out they were coming to me one by on telling me that they thought they were pregnant. No one, including Mom, had had their periods all month. Wendy wasn't old enough to even have hers but on the last day of the month she went to the doctor along with the rest of them. They all, except for Wendy, had big smiles on their faces when they came home. They were all pregnant.

"That stupid doctor said that I was too little," Wendy said as she sat in my lap and guided my dick into her. "But we can still keep trying, can't we?"

"Mom and Dad called everyone they knew and invited them to a big party that they had planned. We must have had a hundred people there. There were also a lot of teenaged girls there. Naked teenaged girls. Girls that were in my classes at school and that I had only drooled over.

Now they were in my house.

I went to bed that night totally exhausted. I had not only fucked all of my sisters and cousins but about half of the girls that were at the party. I was out before my head hit the pillow.

I woke up the next morning in more or less a dream state. The first thing I did when I got out of bed was stub my toe on my dresser. That woke me up really quick because it wasn't supposed to be there. I was wide awake then.

There was my dresser with my computer on top of it. I looked around and saw the closet door. I looked down and saw my pajama pants.

"It was just a dream." I told myself. "A stupid, lousy, fucking dream."

I went to the stairs and looked down. Suddenly I heard a familiar voice.

"JIMMY'S AWAKE!" It was Wendy.

Everyone seemed to come out of the woodwork. Mom, all three of my sisters and my two cousins came running up the stairs. Dad stood at the bottom just looking at me and smiling.

Everyone doted over me and I made my way downstairs. They said that I had been in a coma for about a month and two weeks ago the doctor told them to take me home. He didn't know if I would come out of it or not. Obviously I did.

I was getting my strength back so I went upstairs and got dressed. I went back down and found Dad out in the barn. I stood there and told him about my 'dream' and he laughed.

"Let me tell you a story son. Come out here." He led me outside and up against a fence that was around the corral. He pointed off in the distance.

"Did you ever wander up there?" I shook my head no. "That's where it all started."

He went on to tell me about an alien craft that had been stranded in our field about a hundred years ago. They had crash-landed and couldn't get out. They had some kind of mind control thing going on and made a pact with the original owner of this land. That was one of my grandfathers way back.

I had a hard time believing what he was telling me. I figured that he was just trying to tell me a bigger story than mine was. I left him to his work and went over and sat on the front step. It wasn't long before Angie joined me. We sat there in silence for a few minutes then she took a deep breath.

"Now that you're awake," she said, then turned and looked at me. "Can Tina and I still sleep with you at night?