Home « Mistress Debbie's Page - Settings
28 Year-Old Gives Nephew a Dominatrix Lesson
by Mistress Debbie
Copyright© 2006 by Mistress Debbie
?

I pulled my Mercedes into the drive of my sisters' quaint home. Some years older than me she had not married well and her poor husband failed to deliver when it came to keeping her in the standard she was accustomed to. But that was her problem, today I was paying a visit for typical family reasons. Tony her son was fifteen today and well I was his rich auntie and I so loved rubbing my sis's nose in it.

I straightened my skirt and pulling my figure hugging jacket tighter and took hesitant steps over their crappie garden path. I'd bought him a Rolex watch all wrapped up in a silver box with a bow. It looked so expensive and since my rich hubby had died (too many beers and steaks the old bastard) I could afford what I liked. My sis had always disapproved of my marriage 26 years old convent educated girl with a 60 something. Well only a few years later who was laughing now?

I rang the bell and Tony opened the door. He was getting tall and I had to admit filling out quite well. He gave me a shy smile his ruffled hair needing a good comb. I refrained from the motherly instinct to tell him that.

"Hi Darling happy birthday."

He nodded looking over his shoulder.

"Oh hi Debbie," he said a little horse. "My mums out."

I fixed him a stern stare. "Auntie Debbie, please sweetie," I chastised him stepping in the house.

He gulped and moved aside.

His dopey mother was indeed out and the young man placed his hands in his shorts swaying on the spot a little unsure.

I handed him the gift my red lips glistening Tony very please with it. "Open it" I said

I arched my back my encased bosom thrusting out my high heels making me taller than the young man.

"I knew your mother was out," I added as I watched her go.

Tony looked at me confused his hands unwrapping the box. The lid came off and he look in then at me open mouthed.

In the box wasn't a watch instead a tube of lube and a 5 inch silver vibrator.

"Auntie!"

"Stop whining nephew," I snapped, "now you're old enough for a real birthday present. re you telling me you, re not interested?"

He looked shocked as my hand went to his short zipper and I let his pants split open. He was getting hard already

The shorts feel down to his ankles and I pushed him in the chest commandingly

"In the kitchen."

He backed into their kitchen

"Sit on the table legs apart."

He hopped on and then gave a youthful grunt of embarrassment as I pulled off his underwear.

His cock was firming up the skin young and fresh around his balls.

"Now lay back," I ordered. "Push up on your elbows so you can watch."

His hand came up to touch my face.

"Behave Tony I said it was your birthday not that you'd won the lottery." i slapped his hand away.

He still had the box in his hand and I took the lube out spurting on my own long fingered hand.

Next the silver vibrator. Also greasing it.

"What auntie I don't I mean... ?"

I gave his cock a slap with my hand and it sprang harder erect Tony yelped again

"Com on Tony that's it, get hard I haven't got all day.

I licked my lips giving him a grown woman's lustful stare

My hand took grip of his grease shaft and I began to jerk his foreskin back and forth quickly. I wasn't in the mood or had the time for niceties.

"Do you like that Tony "I asked coyly." You have a nice big hard cock its time it spurted for a lady don't you think."

His cock was only about 5 inches but I lied. It looked big on his youthful body.

He was leaning back legs apart like an eager belly tickled dog my hand sliding up and down his rampant pole the lube making his length slippery like an eel

Pull your legs back, I told him and Tony gripped under each knee pulling back into a dead frog posture (on its back)

I pressed the vibrator at his anus

"Oh no auntie oh"

The silver probe entered him with a moan of pain from the teen. I instantly started the thing buzzing on full

"Good boy, good boy," I said reassuringly the silver tip thrusting into his virgin anal hole."that should help things along."

He was gritting his teeth looking disgusted but also excited his cock was branch hard now the head looking sore turning crimson as my fingers pressed on his weeping eye hole

I was panting a little myself and struggled to bend over in my heels and keep my balance one hand blurring on his upright cock the other stabbing his ass.

"Oh God Aunt Debbie oh oh." He wailed

"Call me Mistress!" I snapped slapping his balls with my hand over and over

"Are they full Tony lots of young come?" I said maternally, my hand tapping away on his scrotum.

I pumped harder into his ass pressing the vibrator until only the stand end was exposed from his ass

"Uggggggggg!"

"Squeeze it out, " I coaxed one hand gripping his big ball sack massaging his milk containers my other taking long firm rhythmic strokes on his desperate cock

"Good boy," I said again," that's it lets see you shoot off. Oh that's it's oh, oh yes oh your balls are hardening there pulling back Tony that's it that's it ohhhhhhhhh!"

He gave a disbelieving roar as his anus squeezed hard close the vibrator coming out like a silver shit his balls had shrunk into his pelvis as he erupted.

The thick come launched into the air, thick chunks and piss like seminal fluid covering my hand, his cock, his balls, part of the table and floor.

"Oooooooooo yeessssssssssssssss!"

He thrust his pelvis up to launch the final shot as I continued to coax. "Good boy oh you dirty boy there, there it's all over.

I looked at the come on my hand and smiled.

"If you lick my fingers clean Tony I may come back on your sixteenth birthday to give you another gift."

Ten minutes later I sat back in my merc my expensively manicured fingers lovely and clean.

I hope you liked that and all you naughty men got a good jerk out of it. Drop me a line if you liked what I did to my young nephew. Such an eager boy when encouraged. I'm all for encouraging those who want it. Does that include you?

Mistress Debbie
Your opinion is important:
Share with the others what you think about
"28 Year-Old Gives Nephew a Dominatrix Lesson"
     
Switch to Expanded voting form
The End
Posted: 2006-01-09
Home - Top
