Thank-you to all of you who voted and sent feedback on my first story. It's encouraged me to write more. Your feedback helps me with ideas, and to know what readers like. If like this please take a few moments to vote.

*****

Alex Robertson had been in his room most of the evening surfing the Internet when Mother Nature called. As he walked down the hall towards the bathroom and approached his sister's room he heard voices and giggling from inside. His sister, Elisabeth, had her friend, Rachel, over. They had been at the house since late afternoon and they had been sequestered in her room the entire time. As he stood at her doorway he looked inside and saw his sister with her back towards him. She had her t-shirt raised up high and Rachel was sat on the bed in front of her looking at her with a broad smile on her face. Alex stood in the doorway a few moments staring at his sister's bare back and the side of her bare left breast until Rachel noticed him, pointed and screamed. Elisabeth quickly pulled her t-shirt down, but not before Alex caught a better look at the side of his sister's firm round breast as she turned. Elisabeth ran towards the door, her bra-less breasts jiggling as she moved.

"Go away, you pervert!" she shouted at her younger brother as she slammed the door in his face.

Alex quickly retreated to the bathroom to pee as he had originally planned, but the thoughts of his older sister with her top pulled up and the glimpse of her breast had given him an erection, which had made that nearly impossible. Alex went back to his room and as he laid on his bed his thoughts drifted towards his sister. Elisabeth was 22, and 4 years older than him. He knew it was wrong, but he couldn't help but get turned-on whenever he was around her -- especially when she wore those short crop tops that showed off her tummy and no bra. Elisabeth definitely was blessed with good looks. She stood at nearly 5'7" with shoulder length blonde hair and lean muscular legs. But what everyone, especially guys, seemed to notice were her breasts. They stood out firmly from her thin frame and were often the first thing people noticed about her.

Alex always felt guilty for having lustful thoughts about his sister, but tried to assuage his guilt by telling himself that he's only human, and can't help but get turned on by girls -- even if it's his own sister. Alex pulled his jeans and boxers down to release his hard cock and began stroking. He thought of how a week or so ago he'd watched as Elisabeth had bent over to tie her shoelaces. She was wearing a loose tank top and he could clearly see her swaying breasts in her black bra in front of him. Despite knowing that he should turn away Alex couldn't help but stare at his sister's large breasts in front of him. Once Elisabeth had finished lacing up her sneakers she looked up at him and smiled.

"Ok, little brother, show's over," she’d said and left the kitchen.

Alex knew in his heart that Elisabeth enjoyed teasing him. It infuriated and frustrated him, but still he couldn't help but look whenever he got the chance. As Alex thought of the times he'd gotten peeks down his sister's top he stroked his hard cock until finally he had an intense orgasm, and shot a huge load of cum all over his belly. Alex reached for a t-shirt next to his bed and wiped his stomach off, hoping for the day when he could empty his balls over his sister's big breasts. Alex crumpled his cum-soaked t-shit into a ball and tossed it onto the floor beside his bed. He glanced at the clock next to his bed and decided he may as well get some sleep because he had an early class at the local college tomorrow where he was studying English.

Alex drifted off to sleep quickly then awoke several hours later when he heard his sister and Rachel talking as they walked down the hall. He heard the front door close and a car leaving. He assumed they must have been going out to a bar or perhaps a house party. Alex reached over and turned on the lamp next to his bed and decided to have a cigarette. He got out of bed and began searching through his desk drawer for some matches when he heard a light tapping at his door and someone quietly calling his name. Alex opened the door and found his sister standing there with a sheepish grin on her face. She was no longer wearing the t-shirt and jeans she had on, but instead was simply wearing one of her boyfriend's shirts that she sometimes slept in.

Elisabeth was surprised to see her brother standing there in just his boxers but regained her composure and said "Al... Umm...I'm sorry about earlier. I didn't mean to freak out like that. I... I suppose you were wondering what was going on with me and Rachel."

"Look, Liz, it's none of my business what you and Rachael were doing, ok. Let's not get into it." Alex said, his voice raised.

"Quiet down Al, you'll wake mom and dad. It's not what you think it was, Alex. I was just showing her my new tattoo." Elisabeth said in a hushed yet annoyed tone.

"Tattoo? You got a tattoo?" he said.

"Jesus, you're going to wake them up. Can I come in? Let's not have this conversation in the hallway, alright?" Elisabeth said quietly, almost pleading.

Alex stepped back from the doorway to let his sister into his bedroom and walked back to his bed. It was only then that he realized he'd been standing there the whole time in just his boxers and he suddenly felt shy and embarrassed. He quickly got onto the bed and pulled the sheets up around his waist. He watched as his sister walked towards him. Her shoulder length blonde hair was in a ponytail and Alex noticed the slight sway of her breasts under her shirt as she leaned over and sat on the bed next to him.

"Push over, Al." she said as she sat down "Here, let me get under the sheets too. It's chilly tonight."

Alex's eyes moved down to his sister's breasts and noticed her nipples poking against her shirt.

"Yeah, it is." he said quietly as he stared.

Elisabeth noticed her brother's stare and chuckled. She too looked down at her chest and smiled at him.

"I guess what I meant to say is that it's nippy tonight, right Al?" she said with a smile.

Alex felt his face flush and he darted his head away and stared at the foot of the bed. He also realized that his cock had gotten very hard and he bent one of his legs in hopes that his older sister wouldn't notice the growing bulge beneath the sheets.


Elisabeth playfully shoved her brother to one side with her elbow and laughed. "Oh chill out, Alex. They're just boobs for Christ sakes." she said "Besides you've gotten plenty of looks at them down my top over the years."

Alex fumbled nervously with the sheet on his lap and cleared his throat. "Yeah... ahh... I mean... sure they're just boobs, but they're my sister's boobs." He turned he head slightly to look at his sister who was still smiling.

Wanting desperately to change the subject, Alex said, "So what made you decide to get a tattoo anyway, Liz?"

"I don't know. I've always sort of wanted one, but needles frighten me. Finally I had the guts to do it. But mom and dad can never find out, ok? They'd kill me if they knew." she said.

"Your secret's safe with me, Liz. They'll never hear it from me." Alex said, then paused and somewhat tentatively said "So... I'm dying to know... what is it, and where?"

Elisabeth shot her brother a wicked grin and said "It's a rose... on my boob." pointing to her lower left breast.

"Oh..." Alex said, trying to sound as uninterested as he could, but still openly staring at his sister's chest.

"Oh?" Elisabeth said with a frown "All you have to say is 'oh'".

"Well, what did you expect me to say?" Alex said defensively.

Elisabeth slid over closer to her brother until he felt her leg pressing against his under the sheet. She turned to face him and toyed with the top button of her shirt.

"Wanna see?" she said, and gave him a wink.

"Uhh... no, that's ok, Liz. I believe you got a tattoo. You don't have to show me, besides... well, it wouldn't be right. I'm your brother,” he said nervously.

"Oh c'mon, Alex! It's not that far down on my boob. Besides, you've seen more of them when I've been bending over anyway." Elisabeth said with a smile.

Alex watched in surprise as his sister slowly unbuttoned her shirt until it was undone to nearly her navel. She slowly pulled it aside to reveal most of her left breast in the process of displaying her tattoo. Alex nervously turned to face his sister and looked. Her breast was even larger and more round than he'd imagined, and he noticed a hint of her pink areola. Half way down was a small tattoo of a red rose with several thorns on the curved stem.

"So what do ya think?" Elisabeth said.

His sister's voice jolted him back to the purpose of this whole display and he managed to stammer "It's nice." as he smiled.

Elisabeth laughed out loud and said "No, the tattoo, Al. What do you think of the tattoo?"

"I meant the tattoo." Alex said nervously.

Elisabeth let go of her shirt and leaned back against the headboard of the bed -- her shoulder almost touching her brother's. Alex looked at his sister and noticed that her leaning like she was had caused the left side of her shirt to fall away, revealing her entire left breast and part of her right. Her dark pink nipple was very hard and Alex involuntarily licked his lips as he stared. Elisabeth noticed her brother's stare and looked down at her chest.

"Heh. It looks like you got more of a show than you expected. Didn't you, little brother?" Elisabeth said and smiled.

Alex returned his gaze towards the foot of the bed without responding. He also noticed that the sheets had fallen down on his lap and there was a noticeable bulge underneath them from his erection. He shifted nervously in the bed and did his best to hide the obvious tent, but it was too late -- his sister noticed it too.

Elisabeth pressed herself harder against her brother and clasped his forearm. Alex felt her breasts pressing into his side and her leg against his.

"Alex, you can look at me. It's ok. I don't mind. It's only natural that you're going to react. I'm flattered that you feel that way about me." She said as she ran her hand over her brother's arm.

Alex turned to face his sister who was smiling at him. She let go of his arm and moved away from him. Alex watched as his sister fumbled with the last two buttons of her shirt, then without warning opened it fully to reveal her breasts to him. She sat next to him smiling as Alex stared at his sister's completely exposed breasts for the first time. Alex stared in awe for a while until Elisabeth finally spoke.

"Feel them, Alex. We both know you've wanted this for a long time." she said softly, and leaned towards him.

Alex slowly reached out and grabbed two handfuls of his sister's firm breasts, feeling them move as he worked his fingers over them. He slipped his fingertips down over her nipples and gave them a gentle pinch and tugged at them. Elisabeth moaned softly as her brother played with her, then reached up to pull her shirt off of herself completely and tossed it onto the floor. She broke contact with him briefly to lie down beside him on the bed, smiling up at him as his eyes roamed over her nearly naked body.

Alex reached a hand out and ran it down his sister's body, over her breasts and tummy, till he came into contact with the top of her blue bikini panties. He looked up to his sister and saw that her eyes were closed and she had a smile on her face. He slowly slipped his hand inside her panties, waiting for her to tell him to stop. She let out another moan and lifted up off the bed to meet his hand.

Alex rose up in bed crouching over his sister and slid his hand further inside her panties and caressed her warm wet lips. He was surprised by how wet she was and how the length of his finger easily slipped between her lips as he stroked her. He slid his fingers back up and Elisabeth let out a gasp as he pressed down on her clit.

Elisabeth opened her eyes to watch her brother rub her now very wet pussy, then noticed that with her brother kneeling next to her she could see his hard cock tenting his boxers as it stuck straight out. Elisabeth snaked her hand inside the fly of her brother’s boxers, wrapped her hand around his hot throbbing cock and gave it a squeeze. She stroked him while he manipulated her clit, then reached down to cup his full balls and rub them.

"Alex." she said in a throaty voice.

Alex stopped rubbing his sister's pussy and pulled his hand out afraid that she had decided to call an end to their fun. Elisabeth pulled her hand from inside her brothers boxers and hooked a finger in the elastic waistband and gave it a tug.

"Take them off, little brother. Please." she said as her hand caressed his belly.

Somewhat nervously Alex did as he'd been asked and layed back on the bed next to his sister and hooked his thumbs in the waistband of his boxers and hauled them down and kicked them to the floor with his right foot.

Elisabeth turned onto her side, towards her brother lying next to her completely naked -- his hard cock pointing at the ceiling. She ran her hand down his chest, dragging her fingernails along his lower abdomen until she came to the base of his twitching cock. She wrapped her hand around it firmly and gave it a squeeze watching the veins bulge.

Alex closed his eyes and moaned. Suddenly he felt his sister's warm wet mouth envelop his cock as she sucked and began moving down on it. With her hand she stroked him as her mouth moved up and down, her tongue occasionally flicking over the head and caressing the ridge along the underside. Alex grabbed fistfuls of the sheet under him and lifted his hips off the bed, pushing his cock to the back of his sister's throat. She moaned and the feeling of her mouth vibrating was too much for him to handle. He cried out and arched his back one more time as he shot a huge load of hot cum into his sister's waiting mouth. Elisabeth sucked harder and squeezed the base of her brother's cock, determined to milk every last bit from him that she could. Finally, when she felt him going soft in her mouth, she released him.

Elisabeth looked down at her brother lying spent on the bed next to her. He had a huge grin on his face. She felt a bit of his cum running down her chin and reached up to wipe it off with her finger then licked her finger as her brother watched.

"You taste so good, Al. I should have sucked your cock years ago,” she said.

Alex turned over on his side and stared at his sister sitting on the bed next to him. She still had her panties on but he noticed that they were nearly soaked right through. He reached out and ran his hand up her thigh and stroked her lips with the tips of his fingers through the thin cotton of her damp panties. She let out a deep moan and he pressed harder as he rubbed.

"Can't get enough of your big sister, huh Al?" she said and smiled.

"I want to make up for lost time,” he said as he pulled her panties aside and worked a finger into her.

Elisabeth was soaking wet and her brother's finger easily slid in all the way. He began working it in and out, and then he abruptly stopped and pulled it out. He rose up and firmly placed a hand on each of her shoulders and pushed her down onto the bed next to him. He stared at her lovely body for a moment then slid his hands down her body until he reached her panties. Hooking his fingers in the top of them he gave them a gentle tug. Elisabeth assisted by lifting he hips up off the bed so her brother could pull her panties down completely.

Alex knelt by his sister's knees and ran his hands up the insides of her thighs then back down, pushing outwards at her knees to make her spread her legs wide for him. He moved between his sister’s splayed legs and continued stroking her thighs as he looked down at her wet pussy. His excitement grew as he noticed how it had spread open some and he could see how wet and shiny her lips were. He also noticed how she had shaved her thin wisps of blonde hair into a single strip. Alex slowly ran his hand over her lips then slipped 2 fingers deep inside her. Elisabeth's body stiffened and she moaned as her brother's fingers penetrated her. He slowly began working his fingers in and out, feeling her grip them, and watching the look of pleasure on her face.

Alex pulled his fingers from his sister and ran both hands up the backs of her legs, stopping on the underside of her knees. He pushed them upwards so they were nearly pressing against her chest. Elisabeth reached out and grasped her legs holding them upwards for her brother. She watched as he stared hungrily at her then bent down towards her wet pussy.

Elisabeth felt her brothers warm wet tongue at the base of her pussy as he pressed against it then slid upwards towards her clit. She let out a soft moan then felt his fingers spreading her lips apart. He ran his tongue up along her inside lips to her clit then traced circles around it. His breath on her was hot and she shuddered. She felt him slip a finger into her once again as his tongue swirled around her engorged clit. Up and down he flicked it over her as she writhed under him. She could feel her orgasm building but didn't want this pleasure to stop. Sensing his sister was getting close; Alex began pumping his finger faster and deeper and began sucking harder on her clit -- bringing it between his lips so he could flick the tip of his tongue over it. He continued working his finger in and out then pinched his sister hard clit tightly between his lips and began to hum softly. The vibrations of her brother's lips were more than she could stand and Elisabeth finally felt the first of 3 waves rush over her body as she came hard. Alex left his finger buried in his sister as she came -- feeling her grip him hard. Alex watched as his sister slowly let go of her legs and lowered them back to the bed and lay there beneath him.

Alex smiled and ran is hand over his sister's quivering tummy then up to her breasts to caress them as she lay there with her eyes closed smiling. He leaned down and ran his tongue around her nipple then drew it into his mouth and slowly sucked. Elisabeth reached up and ran her fingers through her brother’s hair and caressed his back.

"Wow, little brother, where did you learn to eat pussy like that?" she said catching her breath.

Alex gave a somewhat smug smile and said; "I read a tutorial online,” laughing.

Elisabeth wrapped her legs around her brother's back and stroked his arms and shoulders as he leaned over her caressing her. Alex leaned down and again took one of his sister's nipples into his mouth and sucked. Elisabeth moaned softly and ran her fingernails down his spine. Alex lowered himself onto his sister and pressed his body against the length of hers, enjoying the feeling of her against him as he toyed with her breasts. He was getting hard again and rubbed the head of his cock against his sister’s still wet pussy, feeling her lips separate slightly.

Elisabeth looked down surprised as she felt Alex's cock against her and reached between them to feel it?

"Hard again already?" she said with a smile.

"It's all your fault, sis,” he said grinning.

Elisabeth laughed and continued stroking her brother's cock, feeling him getting bigger in her hand. She stopped then put her hands on his forearms and stroked them. She looked up at him and smiled.

"Al, I don't want you to think I'm being a tease like I have been in the past, but I really should be getting back to my room before mom or dad catches me in here. Besides, it's getting late and we should be getting some sleep."

Alex climbed off of his sister slowly and laid beside her, running his hand over her."Yeah, I know." he said.

Elisabeth sat up and put her shirt back on and wrapped it around herself then looked down at her brother and smiled.

"Next time we get to be alone in the house we'll have more fun little brother. I promise." she said and winked.

"I don't know how it could be better than tonight though." Alex said.

"Oh I know how." Elisabeth said with a grin and opened her shirt to show her brother her wet pussy.

Alex smiled and reached down to stroke his cock as he watched his sister run her fingers over her lips.

"Save it for later, horny little brother, and get some rest -- you're going to need it." Elisabeth said with a grin and left the room.

That night Alex fell asleep with a smile and had a deep dreamless sleep. After all, his life was about to become better than any of the dreams he'd ever had.