A Boy in Name Only
by Wayne Gibbous
Copyright© 2010 by Wayne Gibbous

I never really like doing babysitting jobs, it was usually some snotty, spoiled kid or two who made your time with them a pain in the butt.

However, since the Nelsons were friends of my parents, I did agree to stay with Derek, their ten-year old, while they went to a Christmas party about an hour away. I already knew that Derek could be kind of a smart ass when he wanted to be so I wasn't really very excited about the evening's prospects.

So, we were watching TV about ten o'clock when the phone rang, it was Derek's mom and she said it was snowing too hard for them to come home and could I just go ahead and spend the night. I told her I'd clear it with my mom and let her know,

My mom, of course, agreed and I called Derek's mother and told her i'd stay until they got home in the morning.

Derek and I were stretched across the couch watching the late night comedy show. He was all ready for bed in his underwear and a tee shirt and I was still in the sweats I wore over.

Now, I need to clarify a few things. One, I'm fifteen, five years older than Derek, almost a lifetime at our ages, second, especially for you guys reading this, I'm pretty small on top, my boobs are just handfuls. Sorry, I know you guys all love to read about girls with huge tits but mine are small. But I can guarantee you that they have all the feelings they should have, I rub them and pinch their nipples when I masturbate and they feel really, really good. But, being small, I often don't wear a bra and that night was typical. Also, I like the feeling of the fabric of my top moving across the tips of my nipples, you just don't get that when you wear a bra. Right, girls? You know.

Derek seemed kind of sleepy and snuggled up with me on the couch and it was very sweet just being there with him. He would once in a while rub on my leg or back but never for very long. Then, I felt his hand slip up under my sweatshirt on to my stomach and just graze my breast then slide back out. It happened so fast that I just assumed it was an accident and I didn't say anything.

He nuzzled me sleepily as I felt his hand go up under my shirt again, this time settling right over my breast and staying there. I just knew it was no accident, ten-year old Derek was feeling me up.

Well, he's not the first. That was Robert Nash in the fifth grade. I really didn't have any boobs, just nipples that were on slight mounds. But it felt good when he did it and even better when he sucked them.

I just lay there, Derek next to me all warm and snuggly, his hand over my breast as his fingers began rubbing back and forth across my nipple. Yes, there's no mistaking this, I've got a ten-year old boy trying to make out with me. Then his hand came down and out from under my shirt.

I saw in the dim light that his hand went down and pulled on his briefs, then could see that there was a significant bulge in his underpants. Can ten-year olds get hard-ons, I wondered. Surely not. But, I was masturbating at ten, why can't a boy?

His hand went back under my shirt resting on my stomach. I expected another assault on my boobs but, no, it dropped down and began sliding under my sweatpant's waistband. He was headed 'south.'

"Um, Derek," I said as I put my hand on his, "I was just curious," he said as he pulled his hand back.

Well, okay, he was curious, that's normal. He's a ten-year old boy. And it was nice laying here snuggled against him nice and warm and cozy. Really nice.

Now, since then, I've wondered why I said it, but I said, "I guess it's okay, Derek," I suppose he had turned me on a bit. After all, I'm fifteen and my hormones never rest. They're always on 'go.'

It was a few minutes until his hand began working its way under the elastic again. My sweats and panties were pretty tight so it wasn't easy and he was being very slow and gentle. So, I made a decision. I reached down and pulled my sweats and panties down to my feet and kicked them off.

He looked up at me with a complete look of surprise and disbelief. I stretched my legs out, then apart and he leaned up to look at my naked lower half. I lay there silently as he stared. Then, cautiously and gently, he touched the hair between my legs. Just barely, just beginning to explore.

His fingers began brushing my hairs aside, then he touched my slit. An electric tingle shot across me as he dragged his fingertip up the groove between my legs. His fingers roamed around over my labia for what seemed like a long time, then, as my moisture began to spread to the outside, he started to push his finger up inside me, rubbing around, feeling what I was like inside.

"That feels nice, Derek," I whispered as his finger continued to probe in and out. Oh, yes, I was getting turned on, yes, by a ten-year old. Who cares. It felt so good and he was so slow and patient and gentle. His fingers explored me for maybe another half hour, then his hands rose up and began pushing up my sweatshirt which he moved up to my neck.

I raised up and pulled off my shirt, then reached over and pulled off his teeshirt.

His hands were quickly on my breasts, feeling them, petting them, his fingertips rubbing across my nipples.

"This is so nice, Hallie, you are so pretty."

I was so horny and turned-on that I really didn't care how old Derek was, I slid my hand down his stomach, under his brief's waistband and onto his stiff dick.

I normally went out with sixteen- to eighteen-year old boys and had jacked-off quite a few and sucked several. Derek's penis was smaller, somewhat smaller, maybe four inches or so, but, at that point, I really didn't care. I just wanted it.

His lips were on my right nipple sucking as I rubbed his dick up and down. His hands went down and I could feel his briefs being pulled down, we were now both naked on the couch as he began humping his crotch into my thigh. It was obvious what he was after. He wanted to fuck me. A ten-year old.

I just didn't know what to do. He was ten, I'm fifteen. I am more sexed-up that I've ever been in my life. We were naked. He was pushing his dick at me.

I knew there was no danger, I've been on the pill for about three months, I'm not even sure he's got sperm in his cum. But, he's been more than I've thought so far. All I could think of was his cock in my pussy. My heart was pounding, my face warm with anxiety.

I pushed him back a little, spread my legs as wide as I could, gripped his hips and pulled him up between my legs.

"I want you to fuck me, Derek, put your dick into me," I whispered as he pushed. It wasn't going in, so I pushed him back, then led him to me again, watching to make sure he was right on target.

I felt him slip inside me where he just stayed, I guess, not sure of what to do next.

"Pull it back out some, then back in. Do it over and over, you know, in and out."

Ah, now, this is right, oh, this feels so good. Oh, he's got the idea now, oh, for sure. Derek is pumping his little cock in and out of me and, I must admit, it feels wonderful. He had gotten me so wound-up, so hot, so horny, I was so ready, oh, so ready, that I was almost ready to cum when he pushed into me.

"Oh, Hallie, this is so wonderful, you feel so good inside, I can't believe you are letting me do this."

"Don't think that I'm just letting you do this, Derek. It's something I want, too. I want you inside me."

"I'm so glad, I just never thought something like this might happen. It just feels so good."

He kept fucking in and out of me, I wiggled my butt around which made it all feel better. My hands were down rubbing his soft, smooth butt cheeks, he was just so young and fresh, I was really turned on and he was fulfilling his role very well for a ten-year old, very well.

"UUH, UUH, UH, oh, oh," he groaned as his body shuddered and he thrust hard into me pushing me backwards several inches on the couch. I knew he had just cummed but he sure never slowed down, not a bit, he just kept pumping into me over and over.

He was going so fast that his cock actually fell out a few times as he drew back and I quickly would reach down and guide it back inside me. The whole time leading up to our sex was so erotic, I was really ready to cum and that I did.

"OOOH, OOOH, OOH, OOH, oh, Derek, oh, just keep going, it feels so good, oh, I love it," and he kept thrusting into me with all he had, he even felt damp with perspiration as he drove into me over and over.

Finally, simply out of breath, he collapsed over me, his hips still moving slowly pulling his cock back and forth. He just didn't want to stop, I guess. Truthfully, I didn't want him too, either. He just lay there moving in and out of me, it was so calm and peaceful, just lovely. I could stay this way forever. He raised his head up and kissed me and we lay there kissing each other for a long time, then we got up and went and got into his bed where he tried fucking me again, he just wanted to do it so bad.

It was after midnight, we must have dozed off, Derek still laying on top of me, both of us naked. As we woke, he looked up at me like he was trying to understand where he was and what had happened, then, smiled and began pushing his hips at me as I felt his cock harden.

"You want to do it again, don't you, Derek?"

"More than anything," he said still moving his hips at me.

"Mmm, here," I whispered as I spread open and led him to my pussy. Then, one shove and he was in and going at me. I just loved my young lover all full of enthusiasm and energy. Looking back on that night, Derek was one of the best lovers I've ever had, his gentleness, his vigor, his sweetness, all made for a wonderful, unforgettable experience.

We both had orgasms again, then fell into a deep, peaceful, serene sleep. We got up the next morning and made breakfast not bothering to get dressed, it was much more fun that way, he just couldn't leave me alone, his hands all over me, feeling my breasts, reaching under me and fingering me as I spread butter on our toast.

Then, we went up to shower and we both had our first experience of just how much fun co-ed showering can be, he had me make sure that his penis was as clean as I could get it. What's a girl for?

Then, back to bed where we fucked three more times before his parents got home just before one. Derek's mom asked me how he was.

As he stood there, smiling up at me, knowing all we had done, I answered, "Oh, Derek was good, really good. Just perfect, really."

And he was. Just perfect.
