 
Home | Wayne Gibbous's Page
Backseat Beginnings
by Wayne Gibbous
Copyright© 2012 by Wayne Gibbous
Chapter 1

I've never thought that I was much different from most other people and being married and a mother of two, a son, Simon, sixteen, and a daughter, Sarah, fourteen, I've always thought we were a pretty average family as well.

Most of the things about us are pretty normal including the neighborhood we live in, the size of our family, we were just pretty average Americans all round.

SImon had just begun driving, he was a very responsible young man, thank goodness, and got excellent grades, so we let him drive when we took trips here and there.

Of course, he was still new at it and somewhat unsure so we only had him drive for short periods, say, thirty minutes or so.

We were on our way home from our lake cabin and he had done his turn behind the wheel so he was in the backseat with me as we headed home with my husband, Paul, behind the wheel and Sarah riding shotgun.

It was about nine or so, dark and I was nodding in and out of sleep as I dimly saw in the faint moonlight that my son had his hand moving up and down over his middle in an unmistakeable fashion.

I had been curled against the door opposite him but could see well enough as he went along moving his hand up and down.

He was going slowly, obviously not wanting to attract any attention. It made me remember just how horny boys all were at that age when I was a girl.

Was it arousing to watch my son secretly masturbate in the darkness, so close to me?

Oh, I hadn't been that wet and turned-on in, well, years.

Don't ask why I did it but I shifted over some, still pretending to be asleep and remained still for a minute, then reached my hand over and lay it right on his.

His head turned as he tried to see if I was awake and he took his hand away, leaving mine on his cock.

I took my hand back for a second, licked my palm wet and took his cock back and began slowly masturbating him while his father drove us home.

He was looking at me in the faint light while I stroked him, smiling as I went along. With my other hand, I pulled my shirt out at the bottom and reached under to pull my bra up off my boob.

Then, I let go of his cock, took his hand and led it up under my shirt, licked my hand again and resumed jacking him off.

His hand was feeling my breast, his fingers rolling my nipple between them, just enjoying a slow titty-feel as we drove along while I stroked him.

I reached down to unbutton my pants and quietly worked to get them open enough for him to slip his hand down and it took some wriggling but soon he had his hand down in my panties as I maneuvered so I could open to him.

All I could think of were those times when I was a teen, when a boy and I would grope each other trying to get each other off. But this was my own son and I was sitting right behind his father.

His fingertip began working its way inside me as I silently moved my hand up and down on him. I'm not sure if I've ever felt more aroused.

He had soon gotten his finger into me, even though there wasn't much room inside my pants. I tried easing them down some more and that helped, he now had his middle finger nicely inside me.

I licked my palm wet again and went back to getting him off.

You might wonder why I would take such a risk as I was doing?

Well, Paul's sex drive, the last year or two, had lessened and mine, oh, mine had simply gone crazy. I seemed hornier at thirty-eight than I was at fifteen or sixteen. It was almost all I thought about.

If I went shopping at the grocery store, I was ogling the male employees, checking their butts, looking for a bulge from their cocks, it was just incredible. My pussy was on fire twenty-four, seven.

I was masturbating every moment I had alone, constantly rubbing and fingering myself, pinching my nipples, rubbing over my clit. Anything, really to calm my lust.

I surfed the porn sites and erotica story sites as I sat naked at the computer during the day, Paul was at work, the kids were in school, and Mommy was home masturbating all day long, three, four times until my pussy blushed red.

So, when I saw that Simon was masturbating right next to me and made out his long, narrow, hard cock as his hand went up and down, I knew right then that I had to take him in my hand and pleasure him as best I could.

We both sat in the back seat, looking at each other as the miles went by, my hand on my son's cock slowly stroking him, his hand down in my panties, his finger caressing me inside.

I moved a bit to give him more room as I drooled more saliva on my palm and he edged a second finger inside me as the heel of his hand rested on my clit pressing down.

Just the wild naughtiness of the whole thing, along with the unexpectedness of it, had me in a state so I wasn't surprised when I began to uncontrollably shudder and shake every once in a while as he fingered me.

My breathing was heavy, of course, though I was trying to keep it under control as we masturbated one another.

I felt a strong throb in his cock, then, in the darkness, the warm wetness of his semen dripping down my hand as I knew I had just given sexual pleasure to my son for the first time.

Yes, that's how I thought of it ... as the first time. I already knew that I wanted what I held in my hand to enter my body the next time I held it.

I kept slowly stroking him, now all slippery with cum, as he finger-fucked me closer and closer to an orgasm, one that I knew would be strong and good.

His fingers never stopped as he pressed his hand down and soon I felt the release was right on the edge of happening. Simon and I were getting each other off in the backseat of the car as my husband and daughter sat just inches away.

My teeth were clenched as my body was engulfed with rapturous waves of forbidden pleasure from my son masturbating me in the darkness.

I gripped his cock tightly as I orgasmed silently there in the backseat. It was a wonderful climax, one of the best in a long time; we had crossed a boundary and I'm sure we both knew that this was just the beginning.

I kept his cock in my hand until we were just blocks from home. But I knew I had to get my pants closed and my boob tucked back in my bra before we pulled into the driveway.

We slowly began straightening ourselves for our arrival home and both just sat there quietly holding hands in the darkness.

We got home and we really didn't particularly acknowledge what had happened with one another in the backseat. He did give me the usual peck on the cheek before he went up to bed but that was all. Frankly, I was hoping that he might take a quick feel somewhere but he didn't.

Perhaps he was regretting what had happened; I knew I wasn't. Not at all, it was the sexiest thing in my life for a while, that was sure. It's gritty naughtiness was keeping my pussy hotter than ever.

I lay awake for several hours, my hand between my legs, Paul softly snoring as I pretended my fingers were my son's. I managed to bring myself off, I've gotten quite good at silently bringing myself to orgasm these days. Even though I masturbate a number of times each weekday, I'm horny again by bedtime. My pussy now rules my life, it seems.

The next day, as soon as Paul was out the door and the kids on the school bus, I was back out of my clothes, dildo in hand, searching the porn sites for mother-son sex videos, the first time I'd ever looked for that particular topic.

Some were really fake and staged, some were old and grainy, hard to see what was going on at all, others seemed middle European where I guess that kind of thing is more out in the open.

I got off twice in the morning, did laundry, got off again, then began doing some things in the kitchen as I dreamed back to the night before jacking off my son.

Just off the bus, Sarah came in and told me she was changing and then going to her best friend's house for the afternoon and that she would do her homework there at Katie's house and be home around six or so.

About forty minutes later, I heard the front door slam and in came Simon.

"Hi, Mom, what's for supper," his usual question.

"Pizza, I just made the dough."

"Great, you make the best there is, I'm hungry already. Gonna go change. Where's Sarah?" he said over his shoulder as he ran upstairs.

"Off to Katie's, be back around six." I shouted at him.

Well, the ordinariness of his coming home left me wondering if our sweet, sexy interlude was destined to be a one-time thing.

I got the needed pizza-making accessories ready, the peel, the small rolling pin, the pizza cutter and baking stone, all ready and heard him come back into the kitchen.

Turning around, I saw he was naked.
Chapter 2

"Well, it appears you rather liked our ride home last night?"

"Oh, Mom, see this? That's how much I liked our ride home," as he thrust out his hips raising his cock high.

"Well, bring it over here, then, will you? I didn't really get to see it much, it was too dark."

He stepped to me and I reached down to take his beautiful cock in my hand. Yes, beautiful. Hard and erect, lightly pinkish with purple swollen veins running its length to a bulbous, plump crown.

"I thought you felt pretty big, Simon, but seeing you, well, I have to say, um, don't ever tell anyone I ever said this, especially your dad, but your cock is bigger than your father's. I think maybe you inherited this from my side of the family," I told him squeezing it.

"Now, Mom, how would you know that about your side of the family?" he asked grinning widely.

I stood there, my mind racing, wondering if I should tell him.

"Um, geez, well, look, Simon, I'm standing here holding your dick in my hand, I guess I can trust you to keep a secret. The first person whose cock I ever held was your Uncle Neil. And, at, um, well, at fourteen, it was bigger even than yours and you're sixteen."

"Uncle Neil? Oh, that's hot, Mom, holy crap, did you two do it?"

"You've got to promise never to ever tell anyone about this, ever, okay?"

I was still holding his cock, I really didn't want to let it go.

"Sure Mom, my god look at what we're doing, I can keep a secret."

"Well, he was masturbating one afternoon after school. He didn't know I was home and I watched him until he shot his cum. Oh, I'd heard how cool that was but, Son, your mother became a new person that day."

"So, you saw him, what then?"

"I went into his room right after, scared him crazy but I told him I wanted to watch him from now on. And that I'd show him my boobs if he let me watch. God, why am I telling you this?"

"Would you do that for me?"

There it was. Now it was up to me. I've told you how horny a woman I've become.

"Come to my room," I said as I went upstairs with him right behind.

I pulled back the covers and told him to lay down, then I got out the small bottle of lube from my dresser and handed it to him.

As he dripped some on his cock, I pulled off my shirt, then reached back to unhook my bra. As I lowered it, his eyes took me in.

"Oh, Mom, you are so nice," he said.

Well, I am pretty nice for thirty-eight. They're nice sized, C-cup, and while they fall a bit, they're still better than average. My boobs are full and round, solid and weighty. I put my hands up under them and held them like offerings.

"I'm glad you like them," I told him as I moved closer and put one to his mouth.

He opened and took my nipple to suck as he began stroking up and back.

I began undoing my jeans, getting them open, knowing now that I wanted to be naked with my son and wriggled them down to my knees. His free hand went to the front of my panties and began rubbing my wet crease sending tremors of taboo pleasure across my body.

I moved my hands down to lower my panties pushing them down enough for him to touch my pussy. I wanted to widen for him, wanting his fingers back inside me but I needed a leg out of my jeans first.

Balancing on one leg, keeping my nipple in his mouth, I was able to shake a leg out of my jeans and panties to open for him.

Soon, he had two fingers inside me as he stroked his lovely, long cock.

His lips let go of me to ask, "Did you ever suck off Uncle Neil?"

"Why are you asking, Simon? Is that perhaps a hint?"

"Could be."

"Why not just ask me?"

"Would you suck me?"

"You didn't say, please."

"Please," he said and I raised up and pulled my jeans and panties completely off and knelt on the bed over him and took his wonderful cock in my mouth and, holding it steady, began licking it all around the head and up and down his long shaft.

Then I took the head in between my wet lips and began softly sucking.

"Oh, Mom, omigod, that's so good. You are so good," he moaned as I felt him harden even more as I sucked.

"Oh, oh, omigod, I'm gonna cum," he cried out as I felt the shaft of his cock throb against my hand as spurts of his warm cum squirted into the back of my mouth as I swallowed and swallowed.

I kept sucking on him as his hand petted my cheek. Then, I raised off, took one final lick, then leaned up and kissed him, running my tongue in and around his mouth. His hands felt electric on my breasts as I lay down with him and we nestled in one another's arms, softly kissing.

"That was wonderful, Mom, I never knew I had such a hot mother. You're something else."

"Truth is, your mother is feeling hotter now than ever before in my whole life. I know how horny you must be, a boy sixteen, but, let me tell you, I'm just as horny, maybe more."

"Mom, I can jack-off five, six times a day."

"I can masturbate more than that and sometimes do. That's horny."

"You really do? Five or six times, even more?"

"I could do it more but then you and Sarah come home and then Dad and we have supper and all, so there's no more time to get myself off. If there were, I would." I dropped my legs open, patted my pussy and told him, "Son, you will likely never see a pussy hornier than this one."

"Would you want me ... um, do you like oral sex?" he asked sweetly as his finger traced the wet groove between my opened legs.

"Have you ever licked a woman's pussy before?"

"No," he said softly.

"Well, I'd love to be your first," and he moved over between my legs and bent down as I raised my hips up, stuffing a pillow up under me.

It was so arousing being my son's introduction into the world of shared sexual pleasure. I knew how much I'd enjoyed sex over the years and now I was showing my son the way to enjoy his body and that of a woman.

The first touch of his tongue sent a jolt right through me. I lifted my legs onto his shoulders while I reached down to spread my labia for him to tongue up into me.

He swept the tip of his tongue around and around the wet opening that I was offering him as wave after wave of sexy, taboo pleasure washed over me raising me higher and higher toward a stunning climax.

I lay there in ecstasy, knowing that this was just a beginning, wondering if my son might have licked other pussies, he certainly seemed to have a talent for it if nothing else. He was looking up at me as he licked and tongued, smiling, knowing how good he was making me feel as I told him, "Omigod, Simon, you're making me feel so good, so hot, oh, my pussy, mmm," I moaned as I began to lose control, shaking, humping his face, shuddering as I was overwhelmed with a second powerful orgasm, one of the best in memory.

He looked up and, with a shiny, wet face, asked me, "Do you think you'll ever want me to do that again?"

I laughed as I pulled him up over me, taking hold of his hard cock to lead it to my happy slit so he could push it inside me where we both so wanted it.

"Oh, honey, you can do that anytime you want. How did you get to be so good?" I asked him as I felt his cock part my labia to slide into me.

"Geez, Mom, maybe I shouldn't say," he said as he moved in and out.

I knew he'd hardly dated anyone but then a teacher was also a possibility, so I asked him.

"No, no teacher or anything like that, no, it was someone more my age. But she taught me pretty well, huh?"

"She sure did, you really are good," I told him as he was taking strokes in and out of my upturned pussy. His hands were on my breasts, feeling, squeezing, tweaking my nipples as I circled my hips under him.

"So, who is the girl?" I asked as a thought entered my mind. "Is it Sarah?"

He looked at me just uncomfortably enough that I knew.

"Look, tell me what you two are doing and I won't be mad. I just don't want her getting pregnant."

"No, don't worry, Mom, we're not doing this, we're not fucking, it's only oral."

"Well, that's at least good news. God, how would I ever explain it to your father if you got her pregnant. I'll ... I'll get her to the doctor and on the pill."

"You mean then I can have sex with her? Like with both you and with Sarah?"

I laughed and told him, "Well, not at the same time, silly, no, we have to keep this to just you and me, no one must ever know about this, not ever. And it's up to her if she wants sex with you, you're not to force her, you understand that?"

"Oh, don't worry, Mom, I'd never do that and I'd never want to risk losing this," he said moving so wonderfully in and out of me.

"You're okay, right, like about getting pregnant, that might not be so good either, right?" he asked.

"Fine, no, I take the pill and I never skip a day either, I just don't know when your dad will be in the mood," I told him as his long, slender cock slid back and forth.

"With me around, Mom, you'll know whenever I'm in the mood; it's like always. I told you I jack-off several times a day and, well, Sarah and I do stuff, too. We mostly try to do that when you're out shopping or something."

"We just don't want Sarah to know; that's the main thing."

"Yeah, I know. But, now that you know what she and I are doing, would you kind of play scarce when I tell you we'd like some time to have a little fun?"

"Sure, as long as you and I have some time to have fun," I told him. I was wanting that nice cock of his to become a frequent visitor inside me now that we've become lovers, for that's what we were.

Right then he shoved hard down into me as I felt his cock suddenly feel loose inside me, knowing it was the slipperiness of his cum that made it feel that way. I'd just taken my son's first cum into my body; I knew there would be much, much more.

"UUH, uh, uh," he groaned as I lifted my legs high over him to begin moving my hips around turning my pussy in a circle as he went in and out; it always got me where I wanted to be and that was cumming.

As the shudders of a wonderful climax began to subside, I pulled him down and we kissed for several minutes while he still moved in and out.

"Oh, Mom, that was the best thing in my whole life, I've never felt so good. I really love you for this, even more than ever."

"Mmm, I love you too, Simon, so much and in such a wonderful new way, as my lover," I told him.

We knew we couldn't spend much more time together like this and we reluctantly got dressed and went back to the kitchen where I began distractedly preparing dinner while my son stood behind me, the bulge of his cock shoved between my butt cheeks as his hands were up under my top. It was one that I could get away with going braless and I was enjoying his hands on me so wonderfully.

Soon, we heard Sarah trouncing up the stairs to the back porch and his hands came out from under my top and he went off upstairs to his room leaving my breasts still warm and tingly from his touch.

As I stood there at the stove I focussed on the semen that my son had put inside me just minutes early. The thought was delicious.

Over supper that evening, Simon and I traded a few telling smiles with one another and as I was loading the dishwasher later, he came up behind me and slid his hands up under my shirt to get a quick feel as we kissed hurriedly.
Chapter 3

The next day was Tuesday and Sarah had soccer practice and as soon as Simon got home, I was up in my bedroom naked waiting for him.

I heard him come in and call for me so I yelled that I was upstairs and heard him clumping up, then swirling around the corner into my room where I was stretched out, my legs open offering him my just-shaved pussy.

"Oh, wow, just what I was hoping for," he said as he quickly shed his clothes and got in bed with me.

"Sarah's not home, oh, soccer practice, Tuesdays and Thursdays. Oh, I knew I loved soccer," he said as he began kissing me, first on my mouth, then working downward as I'd hoped.

He was soon lapping on my pussy, then raised up and said, "You feel so smooth to my tongue, did you just shave?"

"Just before you got home, just for you," I told him as he went back to tonguing and licking me so wonderfully. I reached down to pull my lips apart so he could get his tongue in better and it sent jolts through me every time he swept his tongue around up inside me.

"Oh, just a little more, it's so good, so good, oh, OH, UH, UH, mmm, oh, Simon, oh, I've wanted that all day long. Now come fuck me, I want you so bad," I moaned as I pulled him up and widened out for him to spear me with his hard, eager cock.

He went right in and began fucking me, telling me how much he'd thought about this while he was at school, how much he'd missed my body, how much he loved me.

Every word, every stroke made me feel closer to my son and closer to cumming.

We had enough time to make love twice before Sarah was due home and we now had Tuesday and Thursday afternoons to ourselves.

So that became our schedule for sex. I'd taken Sarah to the doctor, telling her I thought it was a good time for her first ob/gyn exam and had the doctor set Sarah on a birth control plan.

Simon told me the next day, while Sarah was at soccer practice and he was pushing his cock into me, that his sister had immediately told him excitedly that a month from then they could begin having sex, that she would be safe from becoming pregnant. We both laughed as I told Simon that he was soon to have two lovers in his life.

Things went on like this for a while, he began having sex with Sarah while I tried to make myself scarce at times to give them the opportunity, then one day, he came into the kitchen while I was making supper.

"Mom, she knows, Sarah knows we're having sex, she saw us."

I froze. Now what, I thought?

"You're sure, you know this for sure?"

"Yes, she came home early from soccer, the coach was sick, she watched us, Mom, watched us doing it. Saw it all. She just told me."

"She's not going to tell anyone is she?" I asked nervously.

"No, she ... you're not going to believe this, Mom ... she wants us to all do it together, the three of us."

"Together? What did she say exactly?"

"She said she'd watched us and said how hot it was, how sexy, and that now that she knew about us, she wanted us all to be out in the open with it."

"Well, except for your father, right?"

"Oh, sure, she knows that Dad does't know any of this. She means the three of us. It really means that we can have more time together, Mom, when you think about it."

"I guess I'd better talk with her about this rather unexpected development," so I went to the stairs and called her down.

"Simon tells me that you watched us the other day, when we were, um, together," I said.

"I told him I had, that I came home early and watched the two of you; it was beautiful and really something to see," she said with a smile.

"And he tells me that you want to be open about it and for the three of us to do things together, is that right?"

"I really don't see why not, after all, we're doing things separately, why not together? We already know now, now that I've found out and you know about Simon and me."

"And this is really what you want to do, for the three of us to be out in the open with each other, even have sex together?" I asked her.

"We all know what we're doing, yeah, sure, why not?" she asked.

"Well, if that's what you want, then we can all come to my bedroom when you each get home from school and we can get undressed and see what happens."

So, that's what we all decided to do and the next afternoon would be the first time we'd all three be together. Little did I know the surprise that awaited me that next afternoon.

I was in the kitchen when Sarah came home. After a few words about her day at school, she asked, "So this is the day we all get together?"

"That's what we decided, right?"

"I'm nervous but I'm also really excited. Think we ought to both get naked for when Simon comes home?"

I agreed with my resourceful daughter and we both took our clothes off.

"Oh, Mom, you're really pretty like this, think I might get a hug?"

I stepped to her and we embraced. Her hands roamed over my back and butt, then she moved her face to mine and kissed me, kissed me as a lover kisses; it was a hot kiss.

"Simon won't be home for a while, Mom, maybe we could be together until then," she whispered in my ear.

"What would you like to do?" I asked her.

"I kind of think I'm bisexual, I watched some lesbian stuff on the internet and it really turned me on. I think I'd like to try oral sex with you. Is that something you think you'd like?"

"You want to do it here or in my bedroom?"

"I guess I don't care. If Simon comes in, he'll see us, do you care?" Sarah asked.

"Well, dear, I had several girlfriends in college so that's sure no problem and, if Simon sees us, well, we've got plenty of secrets to keep already, what's one more," so I sat down and spread open for her as she sat on the floor in front of me.

She looked up, smiled, then began licking. It had been years since another female's tongue touched my pussy. Every lick sent a buzz through me and when she eased me open with her fingers to probe me and lick circles around my inner labia and opening, shocks went through me, it was wonderful.

"You're making me feel so good, Sarah. Really, really good," I moaned as she took licks and sucks and tongued me while I gripped the seat of the chair.

"Omigod, it feels so intense, I'm gonna cum in a minute, oh, yes, OH, OH, UUH, UUH, mmm, oh, Sarah," I groaned as she kept on, keeping me so excited. I knew that we would be having sex with Simon but now I knew that my daughter and I would now be frequent sexual partners as well.

Then we heard the back door burst open as Simon came in, just stopping in his tracks at the vision of his little sister doing oral sex on his mother.

"Omigod, you two look so hot. I'll leave you alone if you want."

"No, it's alright. Maybe we'd better go upstairs and you can change out of your school clothes, we already have as you can see," I told him and Sarah stood up, wiped her mouth off with the back of her hand and kissed her brother hello.

They were kissing much more like lovers than siblings, after all, they'd been having sex now for a while.

We all hurried up to the master bedroom where Simon was quickly out of his clothes standing there, his cock hard and ready, before his sister and me.

"This makes me wish I had two of these," he joked as he shook his cock back and forth. "But I only have one, who do I do first?"

"Do Sarah, I want to watch you two," I told them and Sarah got down on my bed and spread open for her brother to enter her.

Once he pushed in, she asked me to get up over her face and she'd eat me out. Well, it was a lovely offer and I moved over to squat over her, facing Simon who was slowly fucking her.

I lowered down on her until I felt her tongue begin probing me and I reached under to open my labia so she could get inside. Our hands met, she was going to do the same thing so I moved my hands to her breasts, so nice and firm as I rubbed them.

I squatted over Sarah, her fingers holding my pussy open for tonguing, watching Simon fucking her while we both caressed her breasts. Her tongue was flicking around my entrance sending shivers through my body, tremors of intense pleasure as she licked all up under me.

I hadn't been licked like that since college and the waves of pure, sensual pleasure that washed across me brought back those wonderful days of girl-on-girl sex that were so erotic and hot. I was in a female dorm and many of us would be naked in the halls and such and just hook-up with some other girl we saw who we thought would be fun. It was really wide open and I loved it.

So, how many girls did I make it with? I went for four years and, well, it had to be dozens, no, more than that, over a hundred I guess. It was a lot and now the thrill of those days was back and it was my own daughter who brought them back.

I crouched there as Simon fucked her, getting my own sexual pleasure, knowing that my pussy, once it is happy from Sarah, will be filled with happiness from Simon. As I watched his long cock slide in and out of my daughter, all wet and shiny with her juices, I thought ahead of its entry into me.

Sarah's tongue was circling around the opening to my vagina and lapping on my inner labia making me feel hotter and hotter until my pussy just felt like it exploded as I cried out, "OH, OH, Sarah, Sarah, omigod, it's so good, so good," and I shuddered so much I almost fell on her.

She took a few more licks and I got up and lay down next to her, leaning over her kissing her, tonguing her mouth which now tasted of my juices. I reached down to rub her clit and also caressed my son's cock as it slid back and forth in and out of her. It was the feel of sex between my two children, now my lovers in our secret tryst.

Simon's lovely long cock soon gave her a rocking orgasm and he soon after cummed in her so that both she and soon I would carry his cum with each us deep in our bodies as a reminder of our new lives together.

Simon pulled his wet, slippery cock out of Sarah as I spread open to receive it next into me as he pushed his way inside. The feelings of his sliding deeply into me were wonderful.

"I just can't believe I'm doing this with both of you together like this. And that you and Mom, Sarah, like to have your own fun together like that. It's so hot to watch you two, man, I am so horny," he panted as he began shoving his hips back and forth as I relished each and every stroke.

What started in the dark in the back seat of our car with my son had now come to the three of us, my son, my daughter and me becoming lovers, secret lovers, enjoying sex more than ever. Even Paul, my husband and their father, has benefitted from it all without him knowing the cause.

A while back, after I'd given him a hot fucking followed by a softie blow job, which I love doing, by the way, he told me, "You know, I know you've wanted sex more than I have for a while and I've felt kinda bad about it. I ... I really wouldn't mind if you, well, got some on the side. I'd understand. Just as long as you save me some for when I want some of this lovely body of yours. Maybe you've already started, that's okay, too."

So, I told him. Well, I told him part of it.

"Well, I did start something a while ago, just so you know."

"I don't blame you, I'd have done the same thing if the situation was reversed. So, I'm happy that you're being taken care of. Looks like I'm the one getting the least around here, I've got a pretty good idea that Simon and Sarah are doing it. At least she's on the pill."

So, it told him the rest, that it was Simon first, then Sarah, who I'd taken as lovers, I told him all about it.

And our lives changed once again. Simon and I had become lovers after that ride home when I masturbated him for the first time. He had already been having oral sex with his sister and when she found out Simon and I were lovers, she wanted to join us as a threesome.

Now, all that is an open part of our family, we often pair off and have sex, sometimes in a bedroom, other times wherever the naughty mood might strike. We all like to watch which keeps all four of us, myself, Simon, Sarah and, now, Paul, entertained and aroused. Yes, Paul has taken a new interest in sex, especially after his first time with Sarah. I told you she's beautiful and sexy.

There's no dress code around our house these days, maybe I should clarify that and tell you there's a 'no-dress' code when it's just us at home with each other.

Oh, and the last time we went to our lake cabin, I slept with Simon and Paul bunked with Sarah. And I drove home with Simon next to me as Sarah sat in the back with her father, with his cock in her hand getting him off.

We all like having fun in the backseat now. After all, that's how this all began.
Your opinion is important:
Share with the others what you think about
"Backseat Beginnings"
     
Switch to Expanded voting form
The End

You will see that I have Voting turned on. Please take a second to cast your vote. Thanks, Wayne G.

Go to Wayne Gibbous’s Blog
Last entry on 2012-03-29
Posted: 2012-04-10
Home | Top | Wayne Gibbous's Page |   Feedback to author
