Home « reddbunnz's Page « Bedroom Bondage Index - Settings
Chapter 1: Surprise Package
Posted: December 17, 2007 - 10:36:27 am
?

You walk into the bedroom. The image you see surprises you. There, in the middle of the bed, is a woman. Save for a few leather articles, she is nude. She is blindfolded and wearing a collar around her neck. On her wrists and ankles are leather cuffs with buckles. Ropes are tied to the headboard. Her arms are stretched out, wrists cuffs attached to the ropes by metal hooks. The same kind of hooks are attached to her ankle cuffs. With more rope, her legs have been pulled up and back far enough to raise her rear end off the bed. These are attached to the same spots as her outstretched arms, leaving her completely exposed and open (front and back). There is music playing, so she doesn't hear you enter the room. Even so, you see she is already breathing heavily from the anticipation...

You look around, but there's no one else in sight. Since she cannot hear, you move closer to inspect the ropes. How did she get in that predicament? Who tied her arms and legs to the headboard? Suddenly you think you hear a sound behind the curtains. You walk slowly -- as quietly as possible -- then peek behind curtain #1 -- empty. Curtain #2 -- also empty. How did she get into her bondage, and is someone waiting nearby to ambush you -- possibly make you a captive, too. And, more importantly, where is her husband? You walk back to the bed and inspect the ropes on the headboard. Yes, the ropes holding her arms are on the bottom, and those binding the legs are on top. It's obvious that her legs were attached last. And, from the way they are pulled tightly over her body, there is no way she could have done it herself. The mystery is driving you crazy. Again, how did she get here, and who did it? Does she have a girlfriend who helped? And if so, who and where is she? Or, is her husband involved?

Then, your animal instincts begin to take over. You look down at her naked body -- with her full, round breasts openly inviting you. Her nipples are standing erect, showing that she is highly stimulated. Then he looks down at her neither region. He sees two invitations to fun and games staring at him. Both are showing signs of arousal. Where to start? Should you be passionate and gentle, and start by kissing and caressing her from top to bottom? Treat her like a lady? Or, should you just be an animal and take advantage of the situation? You look around the room for more hints about what she is expecting. Suddenly you spot sever items on her dressing table. There lies the truth. You see a big, broad hairbrush -- the type your mother used when spanking you as a child. You also see a small, silk flogger style whip -- the type that will sting, but not leave marks, on intimate body parts. Nest to the flogger is a string of large anal beads and a tube of lubricant. Does she know these items are there? Did she leave them? Or, did her captor set them there to further tease you? Should you wait for her captor to return? Or, should you just begin. Suddenly a terrible thought enters your mind. Is she begging to be teased? Or, does she just want to be fucked? You decide to start slowly and passionately reach down and kiss her on the forehead. She jumps with surprise -- and excitement. Now you know. Next, you kiss her on her cherry red lips. She responds by passionately sticking her tongue between your lips. She definitely wants this. Suddenly, there is a noise down the hall. Are you alone?...

You turn, nervous about who may be in the building. You walk into the hall, only to discover her other pussy -- a large house cat -- had just knocked over some boxes stored in the hallway. Relieved, you want back into her bedroom, where she is moaning. Interesting. She's moaning without your touch.

Suddenly you notice a small wire dangling from her pussy. You realize that she's got an egg vibrator inserted, and is nearing climax. You decide to tease her. You walk over to her and take her nipples in your hands, and begin to gently pull and pinch each one. You reach down to kiss her again, only before you reach her lips she passionately whispers "Lick my clit!" "Please lick my clit!" You decide it's now or never. So, you walk to the end of the bed, and kneel down between her legs. You see two openings staring at you -- each one open with arousal. You reach around her legs with your hands and begin to massage her tits, and then begin to pinch her nipples. She moans louder. You then lean forward. Her outer vaginal lips are wide open for you. You reach forward and gently stroke her inner lips, then begin to probe her depths with your tongue. She moans again, and then repeats "Please lick my clit!" You leave the vibrator in place, and stroke upwards with your hot tongue until it reaches her love button. Her moaning becomes louder and her breathing more rapid. You know she's close. You close your lips around her hot love button, and begin teasing it with circular motions. Then, you insert two fingers into her pussy, caressing her inner walls while searching for her "G" spot. Suddenly she moans even louder, you must have found the right spot. "Oh My God, don't stop!" She shouts. Suddenly, you feel a squirt from her pussy. She has just shot you with her juices. She has reached the ultimate. Your timing was perfect. She continues to breathe rapidly and moan as she rides wave after wave of pleasure.

Suddenly you pull your face away, still stroking her inner self. You feel pussy juices dripping from your chin. "What a squirter!" you say to yourself. You look down and see that she has her juices dripping from her pussy and running down the crack in her ass. Her rosebud is covered with her essence. Once again, you decide that now is the time. You lean forward again with your tongue and begin to lick her juices from her asshole. Will she object to such an act? Many women think this is dirty. "Oh God, don't stop!" she moans. Is she about to have a second climax? You continue stroking her asshole with your tongue and you suddenly feel her muscles relax and the rosebud blossoms. You insert your tongue further, only to hear her moans getting louder again. You continue to stroke her anal opening, and suddenly her hips convulse, pushing her entire body into your face. And, then it happens again. She squirts you with her juices -- this time directly on your face. You know she has reached a second climax. You continue to stroke her nipples with your fingertips, while lapping her vaginal juices from her ass. Finally, after about five minutes to total ecstasy, she relaxes all her muscles and proclaims "That was great. You can come back anytime you wish".

You are now extremely excited, and notice that you're still wearing your clothes. You reach for your belt buckle and begin to strip. Your cock is rock hard, and you see two very wet openings just begging for your service. Suddenly, she lifts her hips further off the bed, and with tremendous dexterity, reaches up with her feet and grabs the ropes near where they are attached to the bed frame. She suddenly lifts her legs straight up, and the ropes holding her legs come free. She then lowers her legs to the bed, lifts her hips, and pushes her body towards the headboard, thus creating slack in the ropes holding her arms. She then reaches up with her hands and unhooks the ropes from the headboard, and sits up on the bed. She removes the blindfold, and sees you standing before her with her juices covering your face, and your rock hard cock staring straight at her. She reaches down and unbuckles the restraints from her ankles. Next she removes the restraints from her wrists.

She looks at you with a devilish smile, holds the restraints towards you, and says 'Your turn!"
Chapter 2
Home - Top   Feedback to author

Home « reddbunnz's Page « Bedroom Bondage Index « Previous - Settings
Chapter 2: The Next Day
Posted: December 17, 2007 - 10:36:27 am
?

As she approaches his apartment, she re-reads the note that she found tacked onto her apartment door. "My place, 7 PM, don't' be late". She does not know what to expect, but remembers the hot sex she had the night before. She slowly opens the door, only to find another note. "My bedroom". She slowly walks down the hall, unaware of what is awaiting her. She slowly opens the door, and there he is. He is lying on the bed face up with his head at the foot of the bed. His arms are bound with ropes to the corners of the bed's legs at the foot. He is wearing a blindfold and a belt around his waist. Attached to the belt are two more ropes, each pulled to opposite corners at the headboard. Attached to his ankles are two other ropes, but they are not attached anywhere on the bed. Then, she notices lying next to his hips is a leather flogger with 1/2" leather strands about 12" long. Then, she also notices another note. "Bottoms Up or Face Sit -- Your Choice". What to do?

She remembers last night. He had an option to spank her butt and pussy, but chose to drive her wild with passion instead. But, she also remembers during some of their earlier talks that he loves to be spanked. He also hinted at a desire for some mild CBT. What should she do? She stares at his body, and sees his big cock is already ready. She also feels her mons getting wet. But, the desire to see some stripes on his but is getting to her.

She decides that whatever she does must be done nude and begins to strip her clothes. She strips down to her tong panties — a see-through G String that barley covers her cunt. And, she feels that the back string has become imbedded between her ass cheeks. Other than that, she is only wearing her stilettos. She looks in the mirror. She loves what she sees. A sexy lady clad only in a G string and stilettos. Her nipples are aroused. Standing straight up and out waiting for some attention. And, she now sees a wet spot forming on her G string. She knows she cannot wait too long or the moment could pass. But, she also desires to see some color on his ass!

She reaches for the two loose ropes connected to his ankles. She gently begins pulling them upward, forcing his legs back toward his face. She gets each leg over his chest and tells him to hold them there. Then she pulls the rope attached to the left leg over to the corner of the bed and down to the left footboard leg. She ties it lightly. Next she does the same to the right leg, tying it to the right footboard leg. This one she pulls tightly, forcing the leg down against his right shoulder. Then she tightens the rope on the left leg, pulling it tightly down on his left shoulder. There he is, ass in the air and his asshole, cock and balls totally exposed. Then, she notices that his rock hard cock is only inches from his face. She gets a nasty idea.

She begins to suck his cock and play with his balls. He responds immediately. She realizes that he is close. She works faster and faster. Just as she feels that his is about to cum, she stops. Then, she lifts his head to his cock and says "Your turn." She holds his nose so that he must breathe through his mouth. He opens his mouth and she forces it over his cock. "Have you ever tasted your cum?" she asks. He cannot answer because his mouth is full of cock. He begins sucking while she massages his balls. Then, she gets an even nastier idea. She reaches down with her mouth and begins to suck on his balls. Next, she takes her index finger and begins to insert it into his asshole. He begins to moan while sucking on his own cock. He gets even harder. Suddenly he begins to erupt.

"Drink it down or you won't get any more tonight!" she orders. "Drink your cum! Know what it's like to be a whore!" She pushes her finger further into his asshole and feels his prostrate. She begins to massage the male love button buried in his ass. He continues to suck on his own cock. She sees cum slowly leaking from his mouth. He continues to suck, but is coming near the end of his spasm. Slowly the cock begins to shrivel and slip from his mouth. She withdraws her finger from his ass, then reaches down to kiss his lips. She sees his cum that leaked from his mouth dripping down his chin. She reaches out with her tongue and licks the excess from his chin. Then, she reaches out and licks his lips. "Give me a snowball!" she orders. She then sinks her lips to his and imbeds her tongue deep into his mouth. He opens his mouth further and allows her to suck his cum from his mouth. She feels here own nether region getting even wetter.

She reaches down and feels her pussy through the G string. It is totally soaked. She must get some satisfaction. She knows that she cannot wait. She wants to spank him, but first things first. She walks to the end of the bed, turns her ass towards the bed, and begins to sit down. This position places her rosebud directly over his mouth and her pussy over his nose. She forces herself down and tells him to begin licking if he ever wants to breathe again.

Now, it's her turn for some satisfaction.
Your opinion is important:
Share with the others what you think about
"Bedroom Bondage"
     
Switch to Expanded voting form
Incomplete and Inactive Story!
View the Bedroom Bondage Series
Next Part: A Bisexual Surprise
Posted: 2007-12-17
Home - Top   Feedback to author
