Black Sheep
by rache
Copyright© 2009 by rache

"What are you doing?" I frowned at my brother, although it was fairly obvious.

"Oh ... Uh ... Shit..." He jerked and hastened to cover his swollen member, although I'd seen it a thousand times before. Everyone had.

"Stories now?" I shook my head and I couldn't see the appeal of reading someone else's fantasies.

"I was just uh, voting..." he cleared his throat and blinked at me with his rheumy eyes.

"Voting?" I rolled my eyes. "I didn't even know you can read."

"Well, I can read a little," he said. "Mostly I just, um ... I like to give these people ones."

"You don't actually read the stories?" I looked at him, trying to understand. "You just give them the lowest possible score because..."

"Because uh, well ... I..."

"You're a fucking moron, I know." I laughed and he reddened a little more. "You better get ready, my friends are coming over pretty soon."

"Awww ... Tequila, do I have to?" he whined, the way he does.

"I promised, remember?" I put my hands on my hips and stared at him until he lowered his gaze. "Besides, maybe you'll find a girlfriend today."

"Really?" He glanced up quickly with a little hope flickering across his bland features.

"No!" I giggled. "Look at you. You're thirty-four years old, hopelessly out of shape with that rootbeer belly of yours; bowlegged, pigeon-toed, and cross-eyed. You're little wee-wee is smaller than my thumb and you're stupid and ugly too."

We didn't actually know how old he was, but that number was handy so I used it. He wasn't going to argue anyway, he wasn't the sort of creature who could contradict a real person to her face, no matter what outrageous thing she might say. He had a genuine fear of women; sort of a love-hate thing that stemmed from nursing on the neighbor's bitch as an infant. So far as babysitters went, I guess a dog wasn't bad, but then again, I wouldn't really know either.

"Yeah, but..." He made a face, trying to come up with something clever to balance the equation.

"But what?" I waited.

"Nothing," he sighed.

"That's what I thought," I nodded. "So hurry up and get in your clown suit, I told all my friends Bobo was going to be here today."

"Awww ... Bobo? Again?" My brother stuck out his bottom lip, as if it made him look like he was pouting somehow.

"Yeah, Bobo." I nodded seriously. "It's the only thing you're almost good at."

"I'm good at giving ones too!" he retorted, looking at his computer screen.

"That's the same thing, bonehead." I walked away.

My brother wasn't always big, dumb, and ugly. He was actually small, dumb, and ugly as a child and the rest of us kids, his younger brothers and sisters, grew up thinking he was just a weird reptile. Seriously, I think it was about the time I turned twelve or so that I realized he was actually some sort of human. That was pretty weird and my little sister Sammie still didn't believe it, even though she was fourteen already. She looked about twelve though because she'd stopped growing one day, for no reason at all.

I was sixteen. My brother Paul was seventeen and our oldest sister Rebecca was his twin. Bobo the Clown was thirty-four, give or take a few years, and nobody was quite sure where he'd come from, or how to send him back. Paul had tried mailing him to Botswana once, but the mailman just shook his head and walked by. He wasn't going to get near a lumpy package like that. One theory we had was that Bobo was really our grandfather, but for the life of me I couldn't imagine any woman letting the man stick anything of his inside her, and neither of our parents resembled him very much. In fact, nobody resembled him, except Spongebob Squarepants, sorta. They were both yellow anyway, although our brother had jaundice probably, or maybe malaria, it was hard to tell and I'm no veterinarian.

"Oh God, Paul!" I heard Rebecca moaning as I made my way towards the kitchen and I just shook my head.

"Are you guys fucking ... Again?" I turned the corner and sure enough, Paul had his twin sister bent over the breakfast counter and he was sliding his massive cock in and out of her hungry pussy.

"She bet me I couldn't do a hundred sit-ups in less than two minutes," Paul chuckled.

He paused with his cock pulled back; so that just the smooth head was lodged between our sister's stretched labia. It made my mouth water just looking at that big slab of man meat sandwiched between Rebecca's pale thighs. I'd lost that same bet the night before and I was still a little tender from the fucking Paul had given me, but not so bad as Sammie. She was tiny and I'd gotten the idea from her when she'd lost on Thursday after school. We did that a lot, us three sisters, stealing ideas from each other so that Paul would have an excuse to fuck our brains out.

"Now she's ... Ugh..." He slammed his cock deep, making Becky squeal with painful pleasure. " ... A sore loser!"

"Well, you better pull out," I told him. "She's probably ovulating."

"She shoulda ... Aghhh ... Fuck ... Thought of that ... Ughhh ... Before!" Paul grinned at me and slapped Becky's ass hard.

"Hey!" Becky gasped, but she was smiling and her feet were off the floor, kicking happily as her pussy wolfed down that big dick.

"I'm serious, if she's pregnant when Mom and Dad get back from their vacation..." I sometimes thought I was the only one with a shred of common sense in my family.

"D-Don't stop ... Fuck me ... Oh God ... Fuck a baby in me!" Becky wasn't helping.

"Did you hear me?" I frowned.

"I'm almost there, sis!" Paul was fucking her hard, and why wouldn't he?

Becky was seriously hot, all my dyke friends thought so, along with everyone else in town. She was like five foot ten or something equally ridiculous, really tight with narrow round hips and a hard pert butt. She was toned and if she'd been a boy she'd have had some real muscles, like Paul did. That guy was ripped and he could do a thousand sit-ups if he wanted to, and it just goes to show what good genes will do for you.

As opposed to our oldest brother, the one voting illiterate clown, who had only like fourteen and half chromosomes or something. He was mostly frog, I think, and I remembered the time I'd brought him to show and tell, asking my kindergarten classmates to guess what my brother was. The teacher got mad when my brother ate all the chalk and jerked off in her waste basket. We couldn't bring him to school anymore after that.

"We'll ... Ugh!! Just blame ... Bobo!" Paul grinned and grunted.

"No! Ohhh! Fuck me up!!" Becky was screaming.

Anyway, the twins were fucking and they were beautiful with their auburn hair, Rebecca's long and Paul's short, their forest green eyes, and wonderfully attractive faces. Paul looked slightly effeminate, the same way Rebecca almost looked a little boyish; but seriously, they were the two best looking people anyone knew and the fact that they were engaged to be married as soon as they graduated high school only broke a lot of hearts in our small town.

Oh! Not to each other of course, that would be incest ... No, Paul was getting married to his girlfriend, a French exchange student named Lisa Pavageau who was over here for eleventh grade. Twelfth grade too, most likely. She was only sixteen, like me, but I guess in France it's perfectly okay for girls her age to get engaged. At least when they're pregnant or something. When she called her parents on the phone to give them the big news, her father was so happy that he told her she could just stay in America forever.

Rebecca got engaged at seventeen, actually just a month ago now, and it was really quite the sensation. It wasn't so much her age that people fussed over, as it was her fiancé's, and of course the odd fact that besides being fifty-nine years old, Father Duncan had been the priest who'd baptized Rebecca as a baby. As soon as my sister graduated high school the old man was going to give up his sacred vows and stand on the other side of the alter, which was pretty neat in my opinion. At least Becky could be sure she was getting a virgin on her wedding night, I think. You never know with a priest, I suppose, but we were all glad that he was at least a confirmed heterosexual.

The whole town was happy about that, so no one was raising too much of a ruckus and attendance was up at mass these days. Everyone wanted to see the lucky SOB who was going to be fucking my sister every night, because she didn't put out for just anyone, no way. She fucked my brother, of course, since they'd basically been sleeping together since they were conceived. She fucked me too, but only cause Rebecca is a serious subbie slut if you know which buttons to push, but other than a few of my dyke tyke friends, that was about it.

Our baby sister Sammie, on the other hand, she'd fuck anything with less than five legs, except our oldest brother. Nobody wanted to fuck that clown. Everyone else was fair game though and little Sammie bagged her limit every night, believe me. She really was a diagnosed and confirmed nymphomaniac and she even took pills for it, but they didn't work. I suspected they were just a placebo anyway, since her therapist really liked banging the fuck out of my little sister between two and three every Wednesday afternoon. The problem wasn't in Sammie's head, that was for sure, it was between her legs.

I knew because I had to drive her to her appointments usually, since I was low girl on the totem pole. I'd sit in the waiting room, reading an old copy of Cosmo, listening to Sammie yelling "Fuck me, Daddy!" at the top of her lungs. The receptionists, a younger woman named Ruthie would blush and rub herself off while I pretended not to notice. She was the doctor's daughter and had her own Freudian issues, I was sure.

At three o'clock on the button, the door would open and Sammie would come staggering out, all bow-legged with her shaggy blonde hair mussed up beyond belief. Her eyes glazed and her small pouting lips curled into a languid smile. She'd giggle and rub her tummy maybe, smoothing her little catholic schoolgirl uniform, and wiping up some of the sticky remains of her therapy. She'd get a Tootsie-Pop from Ruthie, the one the woman had been using on herself, which was our little secret, Ruthie and me, and that would be that.

At least until we got to the car. Being nine tenths lesbian the way I am, Sammie was always willing to take advantage of me. And so she'd spread her legs and crook her finger, giving me her sexy come-hither look while she licked her cunt flavored lollipop, and I was helpless around her, I admit it. Sammie used me like an old dishtowel, but if Paul and Rebecca were in love with each other, Sammie was the love of my life, and she knew it.

She'd have me eating that old shrink's fresh spunk out of her pussy right there in the parking lot, on my knees on the asphalt, smothering myself on her fourteen year old preteen cunt while protestors watched and cheered me on. There was an abortion clinic in the same building and so they loved seeing a little lesbian action, especially since I was sucking virile sperm out of my sister's fertile twat. I was the poster girl for the Moral Minority and they'd wanted me to work their fund-raiser kissing both at the county fair last year, but all I wanted to do was live in Sammie's vagina.

I loved the way she tasted. I mean, the girl tasted like honey from the comb, with just a dash of lemon juice. Mostly hot and sweet, but with a little tang to keep it honest, and even a big boat load of salty semen couldn't hide the rich flavor of Sammie's orgasms. She came a lot and she was a little squirter too, so I always started with her thighs cause they were invariably soaked. I loved Sammie and she really made me wish I was a boy sometimes, just so I could feel her all hot and tight and wrapped around my sex.

She's so small too, I just wanted to break her sometimes, and that was the thing with Sammie — She's tough. She can take it. Like our brother's cock. I mean, it's a good nine inches long probably, maybe more, and he'd been feeding it to Sammie's little pussy since she turned twelve and it became obvious she wasn't gonna grow anymore. Not all of it at first, you know, but after awhile she could take every last inch and now he really had to punch fuck her if Paul wanted to make a point. He loved her though, naturally, and he never tried to hurt her or anything ... He just wanted to make her squeal the way Becky did when she was twelve.

I'm kind of the dark sheep of the family, but only because I want to be. I mean, every family has to have one and Paul and Rebecca are beautiful, Sammy is a nympho, Bobo is whatever he is, and so that left me with being the bad girl. I don't mind it so much. I get to stay out late and swear a lot, and when someone is doing something stupid I get to tell them. It's a pretty good job really and once I got a reputation, well it just feeds itself pretty much. I hardly have to do anything anymore.

I'm a little bigger than Sammie, who is small and delicate, sort of elfin really, with her blonde hair and non-existent tits. She stopped growing when she was twelve, we all think, and there's a medical term for that, but I forget what it is. We just call it Sammie Syndrome when people ask. Anyway, she wasn't too thrilled at first, but now she's pretty happy about it. She never gets a period, for one thing, and there's like a zillion guys who just want to fuck twelve year old girls for some reason. It's so weird and she's sort of like Karl's erstwhile brother said: Sammie doesn't want to fuck anyone who'd want to fuck her, since she's just a little kid ... But then her nymphomania kicks in and it's all okay again.

All my friends want to fuck her, mostly cause she looks like a little Barbie Doll, if they made "Child Porn-Star Barbie" you know? She's not into girls at all though, except getting her pussy sucked after a good fuck, and Sammie always wants me to do it, since I love her and all. It's like she punishes me with the reward or something. She talks dirty too! Good grief that little girl has a nasty mouth when she fucks! She's a total Domme Bitch and when she's a little older, like twenty maybe, but still looking twelve of course, she's going to be insanely fun! I can hardly wait! I already told her I'd be her pussy slave forever if she'd let me, but Sammie just laughs and slaps my face and tells me to get my tongue in her baby uterus.

What a tease.

That's my problem, and my talent I guess, being a switch. I can Top or bottom, it doesn't really matter to me, so long as it's fun. It makes me real popular at parties, as you can imagine. That and the fact that I'm pretty smart. A lot of people are smart, that isn't really a big thing, but a lot of people don't express it well either. I'm pretty quick mentally, with a good memory and an agile wit, plus I'm a real people person. I like people, seriously, and I like talking to them. It's almost as much fun as fucking, so whenever possible I like to combine them, you know? Conversational sex is great. That's why they invented the telephone, probably. I have one of those hands-free wireless headsets in my bedroom and that was the best thirty bucks I ever spent!

Anyway, being the black sheep like I am, it sorta happens I look like a black sheep too. Not African black, more like Latina black, which is more like a nice hot cup of coffee with a little non-dairy creamy in it. I'm seriously caffeinated and very sweet too. Don't doubt it. We think my exotic looks come from a repressed gene on my father's side of the family, but it's hard telling for sure. Our parents do travel far and often, and so it's entirely possible some bullfighter in Madrid took a little run at Momma's eggs on her honeymoon. That's what I like to blame it on. Dad blames it on tequila and that's not just my first name, it's my middle name too, by the way. Tequila Tequila, that's me, and it's pretty cool. I got that name cause I'm a double shot of pain killer straight up, according to Daddy. But he's teasing when he says that; he knows I'm as queer as Elton John's pet hairdresser.

So my skin is brown and my hair is black. I got a cute nose and generous smile, everybody likes my smile, and my ass too. I have a killer butt, seriously, it's always getting me in trouble. I have kind of a hard body, you know, because I'm a lesbian and all. A little bull dyke, cause of my matador father maybe, and I like to wear leather and I got piercings everywhere. Ears, nose, lip, tongue, the hood of my clit, my belly button. I got my ass pierced when I was eleven, but that was by a cop downtown when I got picked up for shoplifting a 36 inch double dong out of the town's only adult bookstore. It was bigger than I was, but I've never been an underachiever. Until now that is.

Anyway, that crime dog ... He fucked my ass hard when he found out it was the day before my birthday, cause he had a thing for eleven year olds I guess. Twelve year olds turned him off he said, cause they're "too fuckin' old." And then he threw me in a small cell with a big black woman named Doris who taught me the finer points of being a dyke daddy's little muffin, since I was just eleven like I said and doing hard time. Any time is hard when you're in fifth grade.

I was a little reluctant at first, but after Doris kicked my ass for awhile, I saw the light. My parents left me there for three days, you know, so I'd be 'scared straight' but all I really got was blisters on my tongue after Doris traded me to a gang of Vietnamese prostitutes for a pack of Kools and dildo made out of soap.

That was pretty much the best three days of my life and I came out of the closet on the drive home, telling my parents I was seriously gay. Well, I didn't say gay, I told them I was a cunt hungry pussy slut, the way Doris had taught me to say it, you know, with a little growl. But they got the idea and told me it was okay, so long as I was happy and didn't steal anymore stuff.

Since I'd spent my birthday in jail with Doris, and that was actually cool cause I could say I spent a year in jail, even though it was just three days, except I went in when I was eleven and got out when I was twelve so I let people assume, anyway ... Being my birthday and all, Mom and Dad asked me what I wanted and that was how I got my first tattoo, cause you can't go to prison without getting a tat, you know?

It was pretty awesome being the first girl in elementary school with a tattoo.

I got a little cherry with a knife through it, dripping blood. There's a wavy ribbon banner sorta thing that says "Doris" on it, just cause I always want to remember the person who broke my cherry, see? She's special in my heart and stuff, like Byron says in Don Juan. It's right on the inside of my left thigh, really close to my pussy too, and it hurt a lot, but now everyone who ever goes down on me will know who got there first.

It's super cool looking and everytime I get a new girlfriend, first thing she has to do is kiss Doris and give the woman her props, even though I have no idea whatever happened to her. It isn't important though, it's the idea that matters, like Thomas Aquinas said. Or if you haven't read "On Being and Essence", and seriously, you ought to, then, well ... Never mind. Thomas Aquinas suffered from priapism, as we all know, and it was an obvious influence. Did you know that? I'll try to use smaller words in the future; I just made a bet with the chick writing this that I could find a way to say it and then she'd have to write it down. Now she has to give me a seriously hot sex scene with Sammie later.

Back to the twins fucking.

"Oh, let them have their fun." I heard Sammie giggling and I hadn't noticed her sitting on the floor by the refrigerator.

"What are you doing?" I stared at my little sister, watching as she rubbed a stick of butter over her hairless preteen pussy.

"Making popcorn." She smiled at me and that was what we called jilling off in front of other people, or even in front of each other, just cause it sounded funny. Making popcorn.

"Oh yeah?" I licked my lips and I swear, Sammie has the most beautiful pussy in the world. If I die and I get reincarnated, I want to come back as her clitoris.

"Uh-Huh..." she nodded slowly. " ... You wanna taste it?"

"Mmmm..." I was already getting on my hands and knees like the little pussy bitch I was.

"I got it all hot 'n buttery for you." Sammie bit her bottom lip and shoved that stick of golden butter inside her pussy slowly, sort of turning it this way and that and it really was melting inside her.

"Okay," I breathed, licking my lips and crawling across the linoleum floor towards my sister's wide spread legs.

"Oops!" My sister giggled as the butter disappeared completely between her thin lips, her pink little hole closing up behind it. "Can you get it back out for me?"

"Oh yeah ... Uh-huh..." I found her left foot with my mouth, her tiny toes wriggling as I kissed and licked them tenderly, taking them between my lips one at a time.

"Ohhhh ... I like that..." Sammie was smiling, staring at me as I opened my mouth wider, taking all five of her toes into my mouth, washing her dirty foot with my tongue.

"You're a good little doggy, aren't you?" Sammie sighed, bringing her other foot close so I could bathe that one too.

"Woof!" I barked playfully, sucking her right foot now, while my evil little sister put her left foot in my hair, wiping my saliva off while she rubbed my head with it.

Behind us Paul was still fucking Rebecca and I could hear my sister moaning as she had another orgasm. All of us girls were multi-orgasmic, but Sammie was the worst, or the best, depending on how you looked at it. I mostly just had one or two really good ones during sex, unless it was particularly bad, then I wouldn't have any. But if the sex was awesome? Then yeah, I could cum like six times real fast and throw a pissie fit. Rebecca was kind of in the middle, she'd orgasm like six times, but she got the full ride, up and down, up and down, which was probably a lot of fun. At least she could catch her breath in between gushing, you know? When Sammie started cumming, it was lights out. She'd orgasm until she passed out and the first time I'd seen her do that I was a little freaked cause I thought I'd broken her or something.

"Get up here and suck my cunt now," Sammie said, having had enough foreplay, and I was only too happy to oblige, quickly realizing that later meant right fucking now. Thanks rache.

Sammie's hands went to my head as she pulled my mouth to her sex. She was smooth as silk and hot, like a candle beneath my tongue as I licked all around her soft wet gash. I could taste the butter, for sure, but mostly I tasted Sammie and it was making my heart go like crazy, the blood rushing in my ears. Jesus, I love Sammie's cunt. I mean, I love it like other people love money. I wanted to possess it, you know? But in my fervent desire it was her pussy that possessed me. It made me do stupid things, like my IQ dropped a hundred points suddenly, and I was stuttering muffled words of devoted love into my sister's slutty slit.

"Shut the fuck up, Lezzie!" Sammie yanked my head up, slapping me hard across my left cheek.

SLAP!!

"T-T-Thank you ... M-Mistress..." I gasped, feeling my cheeks burn and my eyes fill with tears.

"God, what a dyke!" Sammie laughed and pulled me back down, lifting her boyish hips so she could grind her puffy preteen vulva against my mouth. "Get that butter out of there, cunt face! Get your fuck muscle in my twat! Lick it, bitch! I wanna cum on your face!"

I should have expected what was going to happen, but even if I had, it wouldn't have changed anything. Sammie was holding my head tightly, her small fists pulling hard at my hair, and then I felt my brother behind me. Paul knew better than to dump his creamy load inside Becky and try and blame it on our missing link of a brother, so he was going to use me for birth control. I was the black sheep anyway, so everyone expected me to get knocked up. I think my parents were vaguely worried when I turned fifteen, and especially sixteen, without even a hint of incestuous life growing in my little brown belly. They knew I played for the other team, but still, Paul was hammering me three or four times a week whether I wanted it or not.

When mom found my birth control pills stashed in my panty drawer, there was hell to pay. I got grounded for a week, tied down to my bed for most of it, and Paul fucked me like four times a day. That wasn't my punishment though. My parents decided it was time for our oldest brother to become a man, but since that would require significant expense and not a little experimental treatment at a research facility in Sweden, they figured he could just fuck me and that would at least solve his compulsive masturbation problem for a day or two. Luckily for me, the one voting invertebrate took one look at me, all bound and gagged and spread eagle ready for his miniscule penis, and he shot off immediately, spewing his DNA deficient seed all over his misshapen toes.

Not just the first time either, but everytime Bobo entered the room. It was like magic. He'd take two steps into my bedroom and then double over in pain as his testicle, and he only has one, would just explode. He tried to fuck me anyway, but much to my relief he couldn't get his shriveled up little pee-pee inside me. It just kind of rubbed me a little and I ended up getting treated for some sort of rash about three days later. We never did figure out what that was, but the doctor suspected I was allergic to Bobo and so he's not allowed to touch me anymore.

By now, I'd been off my birth control for a couple months and so Paul was using me for a cum dump every chance he got. I'd already given up on trying to protect my womb though. I mean, the one little part of me that wasn't queer was hot for my brother's huge cock, so it wasn't like I was going to give that up just because I was fertile. It was just his friends I wasn't too sure about. They were all high school seniors and jocks, for one thing, and me being a lesbian stoner like I was, well it was like painting a big bull's eye on my ass. Like I said, my ass gets me in serious trouble all the time and getting gang-raped in the boys locker room every other day was kind of annoying.

The good thing though, was that all those guys wanted to see their cheerleader girlfriends having lesbian sex. So usually there were a couple girls there too, laughing at me mostly, you know, being all uppity and shit cause they're cheerleaders and super popular and all that. Rebecca was one of the worst too, being the head cheerleader like she was. She always got off on watching me get raped by eight or nine big sweaty football players, but only because she knew that I'd make her pay for it later. I'd beat her ass raw when we got home and make her drink my piss. My friends' piss too, sometimes, if I was in a sharing mood. Rebecca is a serious piss slut and I think all those pristine cheerleading cunts are, but they pretend like they're all disgusted by breathing the same air as a criminal lezzie cunt like me.

Hypocrites.

As soon as one of their jock boyfriends makes one of those bitches sit on my face, and they get tongue fucked by another girl for the first time? It's a different story. They go crazy riding my mouth while some so-called stud is fucking his thick fuck tube into my squishy cunt. I can suck pussy like it's Armageddon outside and you'd be amazed how many of those girls slip me their phone numbers, begging me to call them so I can eat their pussies again. Only privately though, you know, because they can't be seen actually talking to a lesser mortal like me. It would almost be discouraging if the pussy wasn't so damn good, because you know I call them. That's the best part, calling some bimbo cheerleader who thinks she's straight. The girl telling herself that getting her pussy sucked by a little dyke like me doesn't make her queer, and then arranging to meet her with all the little stupid promises they have to have...

"You won't tell anyone?" Hot little varsity cheerleader Katie asks, her whispered voice trembling with fear.

"Of course not." I reassure her gently.

"If my parents..." She's cupping the phone close to her mouth. " ... if they find out that I let you ... Do that ... Thing..."

"Suck your sweet little pussy?" I giggle lightly.

"Y-Yeah..." She's breathing hard. " ... If anyone finds out, they'll think that I'm ... I'm ... You know..."

"You're not gay, Katie," I tell her. "You've got a boyfriend, right?"

"Yeah, I do." She's nodding through the phone.

"And you love him, don't you?" I ask softly.

"Oh yeah, we're going get married and..." She swallows hard then.

"Then you're not a lesbian at all, you just need to feel good," I say in my best sisterly voice. "That's all."

"Yeah ... That's all. Getting my ... you know ... kissed ... down there..."

"Getting your cunt sucked?" I giggle.

"Yeah ... my ... my c-cunt..."

"That doesn't make you queer," I sigh, taking the burden for her. "It makes me queer, that's all."

"I know, yeah. You're a ... a ... one of those..."

"I'm a dyke, Katie," I remind her. "I'm a cunt hungry dyke, not you. You're straight as an arrow, aren't you?"

"Yeah," she replies. "I just ... I'm not queer...

"And I love kissing your pretty pussy, licking all up and down your hot slit, Katie. Mmmm ... Nibbling those fat little lips you got down there, sucking your clit ... Remember how I did it before? I love sucking your hard clitty."

"Oh God..."

"Are you getting wet? Are you thinking about putting your pussy on my mouth? Feeling my long tongue inside you, fucking you with it? Your boyfriend doesn't do that, does he? But I will, Katie. I'll tongue your sexy hole until you cum in my mouth. I'll drink you're hot fuck juices while you cum all over my face."

"Ohhh ... Please..."

"Please what, Katie? Please stop? You don't want me to tell you how much I want to chew your pussy lips, bite them real softly like I did before? Remember that? How I pulled your lips into my mouth, just sucking and chewing until you were begging me to lick your hard little clitty? Do you want me to stop?"

"N-No ... I want you to do it..."

"I want to do it, Katie. I want to love your pussy all night long, okay? Just me and you. It'll be our secret, I swear. Nobody will ever know that you let me drink your sweet cum, okay? Just meet me at the elementary school, behind it, okay? By the playground, nobody will see us there. I'll do anything you want me to. I love you, Katie. I'll be your pussy slave forever."

"Really? Y-Yeah ... Okay ... An hour, okay? Is that okay?"

"Uh-huh. Don't be late ... And don't wear any panties, alright?" I giggle. "They'll just get in the way."

"Oh! Okay. I ... I won't..." Katie Macken: senior cheerleader, cheating girlfriend, and closet dyke is well on the road to Queerville. She's seriously in need of a good pussy sucking and she's rubbing her clit right now, thinking about what's gonna happen in an hour. She'll be loud 'n proud and moving to Frisco a month after she graduates, I bet. I love breaking straight girls!

Of course it isn't right, a girl like me being used by a girl like her that way, especially after the way Katie was urging her boyfriend to fuck me hard down in that locker room the other day. The bitch telling the boy to knock me up good and send my brown ass home with a bastard in my slut belly. So I get my girls together, my three best friends, Jen, Tiff, and Tina, find a little rope and by the time were done tying Katie down spread eagle on the merry-go-round, the cherry bitch finally figures out that she's going to be the happy gang-banged victim of a good old fashioned lesbian cluster fuck.

"Oh God! No ... Please! I'm a virgin!" Katie cries while Tina strokes her big black cock, a ten inch strap-on that's seen more pussy than my gym teacher.

"Maybe if you suck our pussies good, I won't fuck you," Tina says and she's a compulsive liar anyway. The girl can't help it.

She used to be a cheerleader too, junior varsity, until she tried kissing another girl in the showers after practice one day. Tina is so gay she doesn't believe in men. She thinks they're a myth and if a boy says something she can't hear him, or even see him really, they're just invisible obstacles in her life. It's weird and some people think she's faking, but she isn't. Her senses just don't register boys for some reason. It makes life surprisingly difficult for her actually. But she is so fucking hot!

Like real tall with big firm tits and a body that was just made to be fucked. Tina's seriously delicious and I'd know because I've had her every way you can imagine and probably a lot of ways you can't. That girl just won't say no. I mean, I packed her ass with grape jelly one day, really fucking it into her too with her own strap-on, and then I had her shit it onto some bread and eat it. Well, we all ate it, so maybe that isn't the best example, but you know what I mean. Red heads are like that though; they'll do anything if you dare them.

"I ... I can't do that!" Katie has to gasp, like she thought we'd tied her down just so we could spin her around really fast and laugh when she got dizzy. Stupid bimbo still thinks she's straight.

"I got first dibs on her face!" I say, since it was my plan that got her there and I'm climbing all over beautiful Katie's mouth. I didn't wear panties either.

The cheerleader shakes her head at first, jerking her whole body, so I put my asshole over her nose and cover her mouth with my pussy until she's not fighting me anymore, she's fighting for air. That usually works pretty good and I sigh happily when I feel that girl's tongue take a tentative lick and then another. I reward her, lifting myself up and grinning at my friends, and then Katie is licking me nice. Cheerleaders. What a bunch of pussies. Doris had to kick my ass for forty minutes before I gave in and sucked her pussy hard and I was only eleven. I have seventeen year old Katie licking me after about three minutes and that's when Tina fucks her.

"Mmmpphhh!!!??" Katie really jerks then because the last thing she expected was getting ten inches of lifelike dildo rammed up her virgin pussy with one really hard push and she is a virgin too ... Or was, I should say.

"Holy shit!" Tina laughs as she draws her cock back and it's streaked red with the Katie's lost innocence.

"Jesus! She really was cherry!" Tiffany giggles and she's down there quick to take a lick and then a long suck at Katie's snatch.

Tiff's a total Goth vampire wannabe and blood just pushes her go button like you wouldn't believe. She's sucking Katie's pussy like someone sewed their lips together and all Tina can do is stroke her red wet dildo and wait. Or maybe not, since Tiffany is seriously hot, all pale white and long black hair and ruby lips. You know the type. Like they made a million of those girls in some Chinese sweatshop and sold them cheap at Wal-mart for Halloween.

Tiff's got her ass up too, wagging her tail like a dog and that's all the invitation Tina needs. She's fucked all of us a zillion times with her strap-on, so one more ain't gonna hurt and Tiff just moans as her friend slides that long fat prick home in the girl's sloppy pussy. They're going to have a nice long fuck too, because getting your cherry popped with a cock that big makes for a real bloody mess and Tiff won't stop licking until the bitch is done bleeding, which means Tina won't stop fucking either. Those two could be riding that merry-go-round all fucking night!

Jen, my bestest friend, she's all about tits and Katie has some nice ones. Sweet pink love apples with hard bubblegum nipples just begging to be chewed and sucked and bitten until they're puffy and swollen up about three times bigger than they ought to be. Blonde Jen is right there and she popped every button on Katie's blouse and was biting though the girl's bra until I found my blade and gave it to her. Switchblades come in handy for all kinds of shit and I've given Jen like six of them, but she'd lose her ass if it wasn't attached.

The good thing is that having her busted cherry sucked by the sixteen year old Goth lesbian who thinks she's a vampire is just about one of the best feelings in the world for a girl tied down on a merry-go-round. And so Katie is calming down and sucking my pussy sweetly now, like the latent lesbian femme she is. Having her nipples sucked and chewed is helping the cause too and it kind of makes me frown, just because I didn't really want Katie to have this much fun right away, but that's life. You take the good with the bad and I'm grinding my pussy on her tongue now, telling the stuck-up bitch to fuck me with it.

Katie will too, before were done she's going to suck all of us off, at least once, and take that cock back in her pussy and then her asshole, just so she'll never, ever forget who loves her. She's going to be a little lesbian fuck toy for the rest of the night and you know what the best part is? In a couple days, Katie's gonna call me up asking if we can do it again. Fucking cheerleaders.

"Ohhh Fuck!" Paul slammed into my cunt hard! Jesus! Like he was trying to get inside my cervix, which is a physical impossibility as a general rule, unfortunately. I know, cause I asked my gyno while he was porkin' me. One girl in a million he said, and she isn't me. That sucks. I'd kinda like to feel a cock hammering my uterus at least once.

Mostly my brother was just battering the shit out of the bottom of my cunt so I'd barely walk for three days afterwards. I swear, I drop Tylenols like Peanut M&M's after he fucks me and if it wasn't for the fact that Sammie was holding my mouth on her hot buttered cunt, I'd have probably tried to get away from the prick. Fun is fun, but getting hammered like that? Give me a break ... I'm a lesbian, remember? Toys, not boys, that's my motto. Still, my clit was buzzing pretty good and my slick cunt was squeezing my brother's cock like I wanted to keep it inside forever. I'm squirmed and clenched my asshole tight, and his fingers were digging into my hips. It was a good fuck and that ten percent of me that isn't queer was getting off on the abuse big time!

My incestuous rape fantasy was alive and well and he was so close to cumming right from the start, Paul wasn't even pulling back anymore. He shoved his cock deep, right there against the soft bottleneck leading to my fertile womb, and just moved it around, pushing and stabbing and working his hips sweetly, and when he gave us that deep throated grunt of pleasure, Sammie lifted my head, yanking me up by my hair painfully.

"Hey Lezzie!" She smiled into my glazed, lust-filled eyes. "You feel it, butter breath?"

"Ohhh fuck! I'm cumming!" Paul groaned loudly and Becky was cheering, sucking down some Frapple from the fridge while she reached for the egg timer.

"Y-Yeah..." I gasped, licking my lips and nodding my head and I could feel my brother's huge cock shooting off deep, jets of hot sperm splashing against my cervix and seeping inside my sixteen year old womb. My cunt was convulsing, sucking all that hot spunk up just like Mother Nature planned. I hate cumming when a guy fucks me, even my brother. Maybe.

"Good!" Sammie giggled happily. "Have some more popcorn and make me cum this time, lezbo."

Fwop-Fwop-Fwop

"Hey! What're you guys doin'?" Big clown feet slapped the linoleum and our mutant one voting brother could smell the butter. "It smells like butter in here ... Ohhh ... Uhhh ... Oh! Shit..."

Bobo looked down all red faced and frowning and we all knew he'd just made a mess in his big silk clown suit.

"Awww ... Bobo ... You retard!" Rebecca giggled.

I was way too busy to care though, since my little fourteen year old preteen sister was shoving my face back down to her slippery bald cunt. I shoved my tongue in there deep too, feeling that half-melted stick of butter wedged inside her quivering hole, and I tickled it with the tip of my tongue, closing my lips over her hole and sucking until my face turned scarlet trying to get it out. And all the while my cunt was soaking in my brother's baby batter while he played with my ass and shook his head at Bobo. And we were all waiting for that little bell on the egg timer to ring before he pulled his dick out of me. My eggs have to cook in his sperm for fifteen minutes every time. Paul was gonna make sure I had some bad news to tell our parents when they get home, cause that's what being the black sheep of the family is all about.