Chapter 1
Posted: May 08, 2011 - 08:25:07 pm

I looked at Michelle's cards spread out on the floor showing a ten high. That was the low hand so it was her turn to take something off. I looked at her and wondered if she'd call off the fun and games at that point. Instead she sighed, smiled shyly and reached behind her back, unfastened the clasp to her bra and slipped if off without hesitation. She put her left hand back on the floor and leaned on it while sitting on her left hip. She smiled again at a few "ooohs" and "aahhs" and a couple of "nice" comments. Her breasts were beautiful, not large but full, round and, so far, not affected by gravity.

She made no effort to cover herself. We made eye contact and she smiled again while the cards were being shuffled for the next deal. My gorgeous wife was down to her panties because of drawing three low hands of the first eight dealt.

The rules limited everyone to four articles because the women only had bra, panties, dresses and shoes. So the men started with no shoes leaving socks, pants, shirt and shorts. Two of the other women still had their dresses but no shoes while, Nora, our hostess hadn't removed a thing. Charley had fared the worst of the men having lost twice and was shirtless with only pants and shorts left. I had lost once but Rick and Ed, our host, were undefeated. I began to get worried for Michelle. One more loss and she'd be forced to get completely naked. I was acutely aware that the game had gone too far for either of us to call it off. My only hope was that our hostess and friend would sense how uncomfortable I was and end the game.

The evening had started innocently enough. Ed and Nora, our friends for a few years, invited us for dinner. Nora told Michelle that they wanted us to meet some friends of theirs, Charles and Janet and Rick and Christine. "I know you'll like them," Nora told my wife. "They're a lot of fun and both couples trace recent ancestry to Europe so I think it'll be a natural fit."

My wife was born in this country to a French mother and Belgian father who had emigrated to the U.S. shortly after their marriage. Michelle was raised with a strong European influence so she was no prude by any means when it came to sex and nudity. Still, we had never done this kind of thing before so I was a little nervous about it. I had been raised in a fairly conservative environment. My parents would have been shocked to find out that my wife and I were actually playing strip poker in mixed company.

After dinner Nora had invited us into the living room for more wine and dessert. We had a delightful Crème Brulee and another glass of wine. That's when Janet suggested strip poker. I was a little shocked and didn't think the suggestion would get far but the other three couples thought it was a great idea. I looked at Michelle to see what we should do and she just shrugged her shoulders.

So, here I was trying my best to hide my discomfort while my wife sat in the circle of 8 people wearing only her panties and dangerously close to being the first one to get completely naked. Yet, she appeared, outwardly at least, to be completely relaxed and had smiled and said "Thank You" at the compliments when she removed her bra.

The wine was flowing while the next several hands were dealt. Michelle hadn't lost again but made no effort to hide her naked breasts as we played along. I lost once more and finally Nora and Rick each lost. Christine lost a second time so she was down to bra and panties. Everyone was laughing and enjoying themselves. The banter was light hearted. Janet was the most talkative, a chatterbox really, and she would shimmy her shoulders and sing: "take it off, take it off" after every hand. A little of my nervousness went away as each hand passed and the rest of us got closer to Michelle's state of undress. I had come to grips with the fact that the game was going to go to completion and that we'd all soon be naked. Still, I had hope that the first one naked would be someone other than Michelle or me. I didn't know the protocol for these things and wondered what would happen after everyone was naked. "Do we sit and chat au natural; when we get ready to leave do we kiss and hug before or after we get dressed?"

After Janet lost her dress everyone, including Michelle, "ooohed" at the pretty black lace bra and panty ensemble she was wearing. Janet seemed more than pleased to show it off. As she stood posing for us Michelle looked over to me, smiled and raised an eyebrow as if to say, "Nice, huh?"

Nora then lost twice in a row. She did a little twirl as she slipped out of her dress, wiggling her ass at us like a stripper. Cheering erupted from the gathering, including my shy wife. Michelle's breasts bounced seductively as she raised her hands to clap for Nora. I was staring at my wife's breasts ignoring Nora's show and I wouldn't have been a bit surprised to learn that the other three men were as well. I was having trouble hiding my growing arousal, especially because of the image of my wife brazenly showing off her tits. To be honest, I was a getting into the spirit of things and had begun to relax a little. Mostly though, I desperately wanted the games to end so I could get Michelle home and fuck her brains out.

The next hand was the one I'd dreaded earlier. Michelle had the low hand. She stood without hesitation, hooked her thumbs under the waist band of her panties and, following Janet and Nora's example, turned her back to us and wiggled her ass while she slid them down her legs. After she kicked them away with her foot she raised her arms and did a little pirouette turning back to the group to whistles and hoots. Being the first one naked, I would have been so embarrassed for her except that she obviously enjoyed the attention. What was embarrassing was my own ineffective effort to hide the bulge in my shorts. Woody definitely wanted to break free of his confinement!

Michelle calmly sat down on her left hip and took a sip of her wine as the game went on. Her neatly trimmed bush formed a perfect triangle at the V of her legs and her nipples were sticking out like little buds. I wasn't the only male trying to calm a hyperactive dick.

Michelle continued to enthusiastically join in the hooting and cheering as articles of clothing went flying about the room. Charley was next to get naked, then Christine and Janet. The games sped up as there were fewer hands to deal and I sensed a change in the group dynamic. Nudity was no longer the dreaded result of losing. Winning the game became the primary concern. I wanted to win but, to my surprise, I was feeling a little self-conscious at still having some clothes on. Michelle had become as animated as Christine and Janet, the three of them cheering and waving their arms as the cards were dealt and the next loser determined. They slapped hands and bumped elbows as though being nude in front of the rest of us was the most natural thing in the world.

After Rick and Ed lost it came down to Nora and I; she in her panties and I in my tented shorts. She paired a King on the third card and the game was over. "Take it off, take it off," the others sang. As casually as I was able I stood and dropped my shorts and sat down as quickly as I could; not quickly enough however to hide Woody's obvious state of excitement. I got a round of "oooos" and "whoooies" from the women and blushed as Janet gave Michelle a high five.

Nora waited for me to sit down then stood, claimed victory and triumphantly slipped off her panties. "So, Nora, what do you get for winning," Rick asked with a smirk on his face.

"I get to set the rules for the next game." Nora declared.

"Next game? What's this about? What the hell have we gotten ourselves into?"

I had assumed the games would be over once everyone was naked. I hadn't given a thought to any more games and I wanted to get home. A silly idea flashed through my mind, that we'd soon be playing Nude Charades or Nude Twist. I was not comfortable.

CHAPTER TWO

"We keep playing," Nora explained, "and after each hand the winner gets to give the loser a command. The loser must comply unless at least three members of the group vote to veto the command. That way we can ensure that nothing terribly offensive is forced on anyone."

I had my doubts about all this but no one protested. I looked at Michelle hoping to see a signal that it was time to excuse ourselves and go home. She just smiled and shrugged her shoulders giving not the slightest hint that she was uncomfortable with the new development.

The cards were dealt. I breathed a sigh of relief to see Michelle pull an Ace on the second card and another as I paired up a three on the fourth card. Janet had the winning hand and Christine the low hand.

"Chrissy ... you are commanded to stand up with Charley, press your body into his and give him a kiss. "You can't break the kiss for 30 seconds." Charley quickly stood and Chrissy complied with the command. The kiss wasn't overly passionate but by the time the couple broke it off Charley was sporting a noticeable erection. "It's good to be a winner, eh Charley" Ed quipped.

"It doesn't hurt to be the loser either," Nora chimed in which brought a few laughs. I joined in the laughter but more out of nervousness than anything else. "This 'game' is nothing more than an excuse to get people who aren't married to each other to rub their naked bodies together. " I tried to calm myself remembering the veto rule and thinking that if it didn't get any worse than this last command I could deal with it.

Charley won the next hand and Ed was the loser. Ed was required to dance with Janet for one minute. "But there's no music," Ed complained. "Fake it" Charley commanded with a smirk. The two stood and Janet pressed herself into Ed and they swayed to non-existent music for the full 60 seconds. As they parted Ed's excitement was clearly evident which brought cheers from the women, including Michelle! There was another dick getting a little harder but I leaned forward trying to hide that fact hoping no one had noticed. I glanced at Michelle. She winked at me while dropping her eyes to my groin area.

As each hand played out the commands got a little more daring. I had to dance with Nora for a full minute but with my hands cupping her ass. It was all I could do to keep Woody from standing at full attention when we broke the hug. Thinking of road kill the whole time helped a little. Still, I got a couple of hoots from the ladies when I turned away from Nora.

Christine commanded Michelle to sit in Ed's lap in the easy chair and kiss him on the lips for a solid minute while he rested his right hand on her breast. It was all I could do to sit still and not squirm for the entire minute. Fortunately Ed's hand didn't get playful and the kiss wasn't too deep. I made it through the minute without coming unglued, but seeing my naked wife on another man's lap with his hand on her breast had Woody perking up again. He had a mind of his own which was definitely not in sync with mine.

The wine continued to flow and as it did the commands got even bolder. Rick made Ed suckle Christine's left nipple for thirty seconds after which Michelle made me do the same to Janet but for a full minute. I looked at her with a "are you sure of this" look but she just smiled and tilted her head in Janet's direction.

Another escalation occurred when Nora won and Michelle lost. "Michelle, you are to take Rick's cock in your hand and stroke him for 45 seconds." I almost yelled "veto" but as the others began to hoot and cheer I caught myself in time. It's clear I would have been the only veto, not even getting a supporting vote from my own wife.

Michelle got up and walked around to Rick, knelt down next to his left side, reached her right hand over and grasped his semi erect cock. It didn't stay "semi" for long. She began to slowly pump him up and down. Rick leaned back bracing himself with his hands on the floor behind him and scooted his legs out so they were extending into the circle. He leaned his head back and hummed a little at the pleasure my wife's hand was giving hm. I was shocked. Not only had Michelle carried out the command without the hint of protest, she was smiling and looking at Rick's engorged member throughout the time she was working it over.

I shifted nervously to avoid drawing attention to my own erection and the stunned look on my face. As I said, my wife was no prude but we had never been involved in anything like this before. Like a lot of couples we talked about involving others in our love-making but that was fantasy stuff and only took place during sex.

It looked like Rick was nearing an orgasm when, thankfully, Nora yelled "time." There was a round of boos and hisses. Rick raised his head and said: "Damn, I was so close. That's so cruel, Nora." Then Rick turned to Michelle: "You're quite good at that," and winked. That brought a couple of "woos." I stayed silent hoping no one would look in my direction. I was sure my face was red. I tried to smile but it must have looked more like a scowl than a smile. My cock, on the other hand, didn't care, it was twitching in spite of my mental commands for it to calm down.

Rick had the chance to get even the next hand. He commanded Charley to rub his finger slowly up and down Nora's pussy lips for fifty seconds making sure to keep the pad of his middle finger in contact with her clit. Nora eagerly spread her legs and Charley went to work. Rick began chanting "go ... go ... go." Soon the others joined in and so did I although my heart wasn't in it. I didn't want to be a "wet blanket" and I was feeling more than a little uncomfortable at the direction this was going. My focus was on what might happen if Michelle lost again or if she was picked to be part of a command to one of the male losers. I had never been so anxious over a situation in my life. "What if she's commanded to suck off one of these guys or, worse, fuck one of them? Clearly that should be vetoed but what if I'm the only one to say so? Do I grab her and our clothes and storm out here? Jesus, how the fuck did we get into this mess?"

Nora concentrated on Janet's ministrations but couldn't get the release she obviously craved before Rick gleefully called time. Nora grunted her frustration and Rick was quick to say: "Now you know how it feels," playfully sticking out his tongue at her.

The sexual tension in the room was mounting. I was doubly anxious, concerned about what I or Michelle might be commanded to do or how much of an ass I might make of myself if I could no longer control my anxiety. At the same time I was aroused by the events that had transpired and a quiver of anticipation spread through me as I contemplated the next game. Part of me wanted to leave the party right then and there while another part wanted to see what the next hand would bring. Talk about conflict!

As it happened, one of my fears was realized the next hand. I watched the cards being dealt with no little amount of trepidation. Michelle paired up a King on the third card. "She looks like the winner," I thought. "This should be interesting if she is." Then I watched in horror as my hand produced only a nine high. I looked at Michelle with my eyes wide and an expression that begged for compassion. She just smiled impishly at me and issued her command: "Bobby, lean back against the sofa with your legs straight out in front of you. You are to close your eyes and keep them closed until I say so, is that clear?"

"Veto," I said. Everyone got a good chuckle out of that.

"If you open your eyes before getting permission you will get another command and, trust me, you won't like it." A few guffaws followed that. Michelle's tone of voice left little doubt that she was serious.

I did as commanded. There was silence. Then I felt a hand, feminine, thank God, grasp my cock. Another hand, which I assumed belonged to the same person, cupped my balls. She began to stroke my cock while fondling my balls. My cock was immediately rigid. A familiar ache spread from my groin. As the stroking continued I was fighting the urge to come. "I've got to wait out the time. Hold off until time is called!" I repeated the thought like a mantra. Then it struck me; she hadn't designated a time! "MY DARLING WIFE IS GOING TO JACK ME OFF IN FRONT OF ALL OF THESE PEOPLE!"

I was losing the battle with nature and ready to explode. Then the action stopped momentarily. I could feel my cock twitching in the air. Other than some shuffling noises, the room was silent. Talk about embarrassment! Here I was laid out in front of seven people with my cock waving in the air like flowers in those time lapse films, reaching and gyrating in the air seeking the soothing rays of the Sun.

After several seconds the hands came back. "She's playing me! She's bringing me to the brink and stopping, setting me up for an eruption that's going to hit the fucking ceiling!" It happened again a few moments later. The action stopped and the only sound was from what I swore was the whoosh of air as my cock frantically waved back and forth.

The hands were back on me. I thought they felt a little different but I couldn't be sure. That time the grasp was stronger and the pumping action more intense and it didn't take long before I gave in and let go. I spurted rope after rope into the air. I don't know how high they went but I heard gasps and cheers intermixed with Michelle's stern voice reminding me that my eyes were to stay closed until she gave me permission to open them. That was fine with me because I was so embarrassed I never wanted to open them again anyway.

I felt a pat on my shoulder and another on my thigh. I heard a male voice say: "Way to go, stud." Then a feminine voice: "That was soooo beautiful!" Even with the encouraging words, I wanted to dig a hole to crawl in. I sensed some shuffling around and a moment or two later someone was toweling me off and God knows who or what else that had been on the receiving end of my gushers. Finally, Michelle's soft voice said: "Open your eyes now, darling." I did and saw her face right there in front of me. She was on her knees straddling me. She put her hands on the side of my face, kissed me tenderly and whispered: "I love you." It was such a loving thing for her to do, I choked up a little. She must have sensed that so she stayed real close to me, rubbing her thumbs along my cheek bones and smiling until I'd regained my composure.

Michelle returned to her place in the circle while the cards were being shuffled. My embarrassment began to fade as I realized that no one was making fun of me. Everything seemed so natural to the others who were now concentrating on the next game. Hand stimulation became the "In" thing and time limits passé. Ed fingered Christine to orgasm followed by Rick taking care of unfinished business with Nora.

Charley had been left alone for the most part so when Janet won and Michelle had the low hand she was ordered to take care of him. Charley laid down flat on his back, his eager cock standing straight up. Michelle sat on her hip on his left side. She grasped his cock and lightly stroked it for a few moments as Charley began to squirm. Michelle would occasionally push the flat of her hand down to his ball sack and then back to his cock. She did two or three repetitions of that before grasping Charley's cock and resuming her pumping action. Charley's legs stiffened and his hips came off the floor.

Michelle continued to expertly jack him, just as she had done so many times to me. I sat there mesmerized. She began more aggressive strokes and I fought the urge to take my own cock in hand even as I noticed Janet and Nora rubbing themselves. Charley was pent up from all the previous activities so it didn't take long for him to give it up. He shot long strings of cum into the air. Several globs landed on Michelle's arms and chest. Cheers erupted.

"Good boy," Michelle said as she patted Charley on the on the leg. She calmly reached for the towel and cleaned him off before tending to the remnants of his semen that still stuck to her arms and breasts. In spite of my own recent release, the sight of my wife giving another man a hand job had me hard again. I no longer bothered trying to hide that fact. None of the other men were either. I was staring at Michelle thinking how sexy and beautiful she had been throughout the evening and I felt filled with love for her. I realized I wasn't jealous of Rick or Charley. All I could think about was how much I admired my beautiful and charming wife.

Things got real interesting after the next hand. Rick was the winner and he commanded Janet to finger fuck his wife, Christine, to orgasm. Janet jumped to it after Christine eagerly lay down on her back with her legs spread wide open. It soon became clear that the two women were no strangers to each other's body. I watched wide-eyed as Janet worked over the other woman. She began with a rhythmic stroking of Christine's outer lips gradually working her middle finger past her flower and into her depths. Christine was moaning her pleasure and began thrusting her hips upward inviting Janet's fingers deeper.

Christine's head was turning side to side while she purred: "Oh, baby ... Oh baby, that's soooo good." Janet gradually got more aggressive. The more aggressive she got, the more Christine wiggled and bucked her hips. Janet leaned over and took Christine's right nipple in her lips. I watched as her mouth made suckling motions. Then Janet would play her tongue lightly across the other woman's nipple and aureole. After a minute or so she turned her attention to Christine's left breast while continuing to slide her finger in and out of her friends pussy. Christine was very wet as evidenced by the sound Janet's fingers made as they worked feverishly into her. Finally, Janet sat up straight and brought the forefinger of her left hand to Christine's clit. Christine elevated and spread her knees wide while she continued to tremble and buck her hips in rhythm with Janet's hands.

"AAAAAAGHHH ... UUUNNNNNH," Christine screamed as she came, her glistening body trembling and twitching. None of us men were making any effort to hide our raging hard-ons. In fact both Charley and Rick had begun stroking themselves soon after Janet first reached her hand between the other woman's legs. Several times I glanced over at Michelle to see how she was reacting to her first, I assumed her first, live girl on girl exhibition. She was totally enthralled with the scene, absently stroking her left nipple with her right hand while leaning in and watching the two women from just three feet away. "Was she fantasizing about being in Christine's place ... or Janet's?" I wondered.

Unlike the hooting and cheering that followed the earlier events, everyone was eerily quiet as Christine lay there panting and trembling. I felt a surge of warm affection for the two women as Janet leaned over her friend, pressed her body to her and tenderly kissed her on the lips. I realized that what I had witnessed was a thing of beauty, not something "dirty" or "kinky." These two women clearly loved each other and weren't ashamed to show it.

The whole evening's experience took on a new perspective in my mind. There had been casual sexual fun with hooting and cheering as well as this very intense interaction between the two women. But there had been so sense of shame and no show of disrespect toward anyone. We were consenting adults enjoying the fun and no one, including me at that point, felt like we hadn't done anything we'd regret the next morning.

It was getting late. The emotional peak brought on by Janet and Christine had, to me, signaled a sort of "grand finale" to the evening. Just before I opened my mouth to say: "Well, on that note it's time..." Nora's voice broke the silence: "New rules," she happily announced.

"NEW RULES?" "FUCK, NORA! WHAT ARE YOU TRYING TO DO, ITS TIME TO QUIT, TIME TO GO HOME.!!!"

CHAPTER THREE

Nora spelled out her new rules: "Now, the male with the high hand and the female with the high hand will go into the study alone and they must stay there for five minutes. No one else may enter while they're in there but at exactly the 5 minute mark those not in the room may open the door. At the choice of the outsiders, the couple inside must continue what they were doing at that moment for another five minutes while everyone watches. But, neither of the two inside the room may ever disclose what went on while they were alone. Like Las Vegas, "what goes on in there stays in there while the door is closed."

"Sounds like fun," Janet remarked.

"ALL RIGHT!" echoed Rick.

Ed immediately began shuffling the cards. I looked across at Michelle with my eyebrows reaching up to my hairline. I tilted my head a little as if to say: "Shouldn't we call it an evening ... this could go farther than we're comfortable with."

Michelle smiled wanly, shrugged her shoulders but didn't move or say anything. I had come to grips with the events that had transpired to that point. True, I had witnessed my wife take two stranger's cocks in her hand, giving one a full hand job to ejaculation. Although I had found it troubling at first, my attitude had changed as those events melted into the others which had involved everyone in the group. The atmosphere had been casual ... friendly and no one had been crude. Had the evening ended there I wouldn't have had a problem with anything that had gone on. I could have chalked it off to the effects of the wine on a group of adults who felt comfortable enough with each other to allow themselves to get a little carried away for a one-time thing.

Still this sort of thing was new to us and I wanted time to think and to talk it over with my wife before getting any more involved in these games. I wanted to hear: "Darling, it's late, we should be going" coming out of Michele's mouth but ... nothing! I furrowed my brow at her but she just smiled and mouthed the words: "Don't worry, relax."

My eyes watched the cards as they were dealt but my mind wasn't registering the numbers. My brain was trying to process the situation we were in. I was inexperienced in these kinds of parties but I was getting a clear sense that things would continue to escalate.

It occurred to me that the other two couples were pretty loose and probably had experience in group sex before. I wasn't sure about Ed and Nora as they had never given us any reason to believe they were into anything like this over the few years we had known them. "If Rick or Charley go into the study with Michelle, what will they expect?" I wondered. "Are they going to expect another hand job, or worse ... to fuck her?" Michelle really hadn't been touched yet other than having Ed's hand on her breast for a minute. I knew her well enough to be certain that she was feeling pretty horny at that point. Being only human she might be vulnerable to carnal urges. I couldn't shake the images in my mind of their fingers, or their cocks invading her pussy.

I tried to reassure myself that Michelle wouldn't consent to anything as hard core as intercourse or oral sex. She had never given me any reason not to trust her but the sexual atmosphere was pretty intense by then not to mention the group pressure that is always present at times like this. I still had the image in my mind of the look on her face as she jacked Charley off. It was the nonchalance with which she went about it that struck me. She looked, for all-the-world, like she was having fun and really into pleasing Charley. Had she given me any kind of a look that said she was uncomfortable but trying to be a good sport by going along with the game I might have felt differently, felt confident that she would know where to draw a line and strong enough to insist that it not be crossed.

"It's Janet and I with the high hands," Ed announced bringing me out of my reverie. I focused on the cards spread out on the floor. A sense of relief washed over me when I saw that Michelle had not "won" the first hand. But I realized that the odds were much higher now because she only had to pull the high hand among four females, a far more likely event than pulling the lowest among eight hands.

Ed and Janet quickly stood and joined hands as they headed toward the study. There were two steps up from the living room to the entrance hall. The study was on the right. I couldn't help notice Janet's firm calves and ass as she bounced up the two steps and my cock twitched as I fantasized about having those ass cheeks in my hands while I buried my cock in the pretty woman's pussy. A sense of guilt hit me as I realized how I might react if Michele had fantasies of her own involving any of the other three men. My brain was doing flip flops as I tried to sort out these conflicting emotions. I promised myself that I wouldn't hesitate, wouldn't be dissuaded by group pressure, to call this whole thing off if the situation got too uncomfortable.

As Ed and Janet disappeared into the study Nora told us that it was a good time for people to use the bathroom, refresh drinks or just stand up and stretch. We had five minutes to wait for the "door opening." She stood up, nodded to Michelle and the two of them took off to the upstairs bathroom. I waited until Charley finished in the powder room off the downstairs hallway and then I used it. I was hoping for a chance to talk to Michelle. I wanted to tell her how nervous I was and suggest that we find a polite way to excuse ourselves and get out of there but there wasn't time.

By the time everyone reassembled it was nearing the five minute mark. Nora motioned us all over to the doorway indicating in sign language that there was 30 seconds to go before the door would be thrown open. We were listening for any telltale sounds coming from inside the study but heard nothing. Michelle sidled up next to me, hooked her left arm through my right elbow, leaned in and whispered: "Remember, whatever happens, I love you and I always will."

"WHATEVER HAPPENS?" "What the fuck was that supposed to mean?"

Just then Nora called "time" and pushed open the door. Ed and Janet were in the middle of the room grinning like Cheshire cats. Ed was standing and had his left arm on Janet's shoulder as she knelt on his left side. Her face was right next to his rigid cock, her left hand resting on his upper thigh. It certainly looked like she'd been sucking his cock but since we didn't catch them in the act there was no reason to enforce Nora's rule; that they continue for 5 more minutes.

"Nothing to see here," Nora exclaimed a little derisively. "Time to deal another hand." A low rumble of boos and hisses followed from the assembled group including, to my surprise, from Michelle!

But "nothing" was exactly what I wanted to see. If we had opened the door to see Janet's lips wrapped around Ed's cock or his cock plunging into her pussy the bar would have been raised to a new level ... or should I say "lowered to a new level" adding pressure to the rest of us to put on a show when we "won" a trip to the room. I could not imagine standing in the doorway for 5 long minutes while we all watched Michelle being fucked or sucking one of these men off.

I had made up my mind while in the powder room that I would find some excuse for us to leave at the first sign that a full blown orgy was in the works. I'd fake a migraine, upset stomach ... anything to get out of there. After Michelle's "whatever happens" comment I was doubly committed to prevent us from getting pulled into something we might not be able to handle; at least something that I wouldn't be able to handle; but I was beginning to wonder about Michelle. Alcohol and group pressure can be a dangerous combination so for the rest of the evening it was going to be water not wine for me! I was determined not to drawn into something that I'd regret the next morning, and for a long time after that. Let them call me "party pooper," "spoil sport," "candy ass" or whatever, I was not ready to participate in an orgy and definitely not ready to watch my wife fuck other men.

The next hand was dealt. Rick and Janet were seated next to each other. Rick pulled a Queen and Janet an Ace as everyone else got smaller cards. I was delighted to see Rick pull a Jack on his second card and nearly overcome with glee when Janet paired up her ace. Michelle would have to get two pair or three of a kind to beat Janet which was very unlikely. She didn't; only pairing up a seven on her last card.

"It's Janet and Rick." Ed announced.

"No, that's no good," Nora butted in. "We can't have the same woman twice in a row, everyone should have a chance. So, when that happens, the second highest hand is the winner, that's Michelle."

"WHAT? NO, WAIT! WHAT THE FUCK ARE YOU DOING? My inner voice was screaming. Nora was making up rules as we went along and I began to think she was deliberately involving Michele. Janet pouted her lips and offered an "oh, poo" but no one else reacted. I sat frozen, not knowing what to say. It was that group pressure thing again but there was nothing specific I could protest about and making a fuss would only embarrass Michelle. Everyone would think I didn't trust her. So, I suffered in silence as Michelle smiled at Rick and accepted his hand to help her up. Hand in hand they walked up the steps and turned right. We heard the door close.

"I just saw my naked wife holding the hand of a naked man she just met earlier this evening going into another room with the door closed. WHAT THE FUCK! How did we get here? NORA, YOU BITCH, DID YOU SET THIS UP ON PURPOSE? DID MICHELLE KNOW ALL ABOUT THIS AHEAD OF TIME?" I wondered about the "fantasy" talks Michelle and I had during sex. It occurred to me that maybe they weren't just fantasy to her, that this was her way of introducing us to the real thing.

Up until then Michelle had never been out of my sight the entire evening, except for the trip to the bathroom with Nora. Even when she was giving Rick and Charley hand jobs I was present and that meant that I had a certain amount of control. Anything could be going on in that room and there was nothing I could do about it short of rushing in there like a total asshole.

I sat there concentrating on my drink of water and trying to appear nonchalant. But I felt like I was standing naked on a stage in a crowded theater with everyone gawking at me waiting for a song, a dance or some fucking thing. People began to stand up to stretch. Ed moved toward the powder room and turned to Nora: "Did you mark the time?"

"Oh! I forgot, thanks for reminding me."

"YOU FORGOT? BULLSHIT, YOU FORGOT!" I wanted to yell at her, tell her to subtract 40 seconds or so for the time that had gone by while she was "forgetting." "This is a set up, I know it is. I'm in for the shock of my life when that door opens. I'm going to see my wife fucking that guy or sucking him off, I just know it!"

It was the longest five minutes of my life. Finally Nora motioned for us to assemble for the opening. Christine grabbed my arm and we walked together to the hallway. She gave my arm a little squeeze as we watched Nora mime the final ten second countdown. I wondered if that little gesture was a come-on for later in the evening when we were supposed to get down to the wife swapping. We watched Nora mouth the word "one" then she turned and opened the door.

CHAPTER FOUR

Things were silent in the car for the first few blocks of our drive home. Michelle, as per usual, had her left hand resting on my right thigh. She began to stroke my thigh, looked over at me, smiled and said: "Did you have fun tonight?"

"Uh, yeah ... I guess," I stammered.

"Are you okay?"

"I suppose ... I mean ... I certainly didn't expect all that. Nora told you about those people, didn't she?"

"All she told me was that they were very interesting people, that we'd enjoy meeting them. She did mention that they had open marriages and were involved with a group of swingers but she assured me it was just to be a dinner party; that they weren't trying to recruit us. Honestly, Bobby, I didn't expect or plan on the card games."

That was consistent with what Nora told me when she and I went into the study. My mind played back the circumstances following Michelle and Rick's "study time." Nora had been the one to shuffle and deal the cards for the game that followed. I was sitting right next to her and couldn't help but notice that she dealt some cards off the bottom of the deck; the cards she dealt to herself and to me. We turned out to be the winners. Big surprise!

When the door closed I turned to her and said: "So, what now? Am I supposed to finger fuck you to make it even?"

"First of all, you don't know what went on between Michelle and Rick; only what you assume based on the glimpse of a movement when we opened the door. You have to give Michelle more credit than that. She loves you dearly and that's not going to change."

"Nora, I saw you dealing from the bottom of the deck so you obviously had a reason to want to be in here with me."

"Yes. So we could talk. Look, Bobby, I know that the others are into swinging but they're delightful people and I thought you and Michelle would enjoy meeting them. I guess I knew that things could get a little racy, especially with Janet around, but I didn't think the situation would get out of control and I don't think it has. I brought you in here to tell you that I spoke with Michelle in the bathroom and told her to give me a signal when she thought it was time for you two to leave. I guess, based on the look you gave her when she and Rick left the room, she thought it was time. So, I arranged for us to be in here to tell you that and to explain that I never intended this to cause you problems. I'm sorry if we made you uncomfortable but I just thought it'd be good for you two to have a little different kind of evening, to loosen you up a little."

She was smiling and tweaked my nipple when she said that but it bothered me to think that I was thought of as being wound too tight. I told her that I really did enjoy the dinner; the conversation was lively and fun but that I was just taken by surprise by the card games. I admitted though that I was still troubled by what I saw when the door opened on Michelle and Rick. Nora reminded me again not to jump to conclusions, to trust Michelle.

When Nora and I left the room Michelle had gathered our clothes and explained to the group that it was late and we had an early day ahead of us. We hugged and kissed all around, dressed and left.

Remembering Nora's words it was still difficult to get the image of Michelle and Rick out of my mind even as Michelle's hand moved from my leg to the bulge my cock was making in my pants. Rubbing me, she cooed: "You certainly seemed to enjoy your part in the card game; I haven't seen you cum that much in a long time."

"Well, what did you expect, the way you manipulated me."

"What makes you think it was my hand on this lovely cock."

With that she unzipped me and extracted Woody who was extremely happy to be freed of his bonds. "So, who was it then?"

"If I wanted you to know that I wouldn't have commanded you to keep your eyes closed."

She was stroking me at that point and I was twitching in the seat. My brain was doing its own twitching: "How much did you cum with Rick?" I wished I could grab the words back as soon as they left my mouth. Michelle didn't respond. She just bent over, licked all around the head of my cock and then engulfed it in her mouth, a pretty effective way to end any further conversation. As she began bobbing up and down on my cock she took my balls in her hand and massaged them. She knew that drove me wild. I flicked on the cruise control and took my foot off the accelerator as I felt the urge to shove my right foot up somewhere near where the fan belt was. She continued to alternately suck and stoke my cock while she played my balls like a symphony conductor. I reached over, pulled her dress up and slid my hand down under her panties to find a sopping wet pussy. I fingered her while trying my best to keep my focus on the road. I felt her first orgasm after only a minute. I wondered if that was her first but there was no way to be sure as she often had multiple orgasms.

By the time we got to our street I knew I was close. Just before we got to our drive way I had to stop the car as I erupted into her mouth. I warned her ahead of time but she kept her mouth on me and swallowed every drop. She normally didn't do that; she always liked me to cum in her pussy. The feeling of my hot cum spilling deep inside her produced her most satisfying orgasms. In my paranoia I wondered if she did that to mask the smell of his cum on her breath even though I knew she really didn't have much choice other than to let me shoot all over myself, her and who knows what portions of the car's interior.

"Come, let's get upstairs. I need you inside me now!" She was out the door before I could get the car in park and the engine shut down.

When I got upstairs Michelle was in the bathroom. I was still in a state of excitement with all kinds of images floating through my head. Woody? He was ready for more action. He was surprising me!

Michelle came out of the bathroom naked. She threw her arms around me and kissed me passionately. "Hey, stud, you had four pussies really wet earlier tonight and now mine wants it inside."

We climbed into bed and she draped herself over me and began to stroke me again. I reached down between her legs discovering that she was still very wet. "You never answered my question." I said as I circled her clit with the tips of my fingers. This time I made sure my tone of voice wasn't accusatory.

"Which question was that?"

"How much you came with Rick."

"What makes you think I came with him?"

"When the door opened, I saw you move your left leg from the floor up across his lap to join your right leg. I saw his right hand high up on your right thigh. I took it to mean that he'd been fingering you."

"It might have meant a lot of things. Besides, we aren't supposed to talk about what went on in the room while we were alone."

"Nora's stupid rules! You can tell me. Did he fuck you? Did you suck his cock and swallow his cum? You were pretty excited from all the games; you might have been tempted to do almost anything with him."

She moved over me and guided my cock into her sopping wet pussy. Woody was full of himself again and I slipped deep into her. She began rocking back and forth while straddling me. I could feel my balls rubbing across her ass cheeks.

"I might have or I might not have. A lot of things might have happened in there."

"Like what?"

"Oh, like he might have taken me in his arms as soon as the door closed and kissed me deeply. He might have reached down between my legs and started rubbing his middle finger up and down my slit. Then I might have taken his cock in my hand and stroked him until he was fully erect.

At this point Michelle was bouncing up and down on my cock and her words were slow and breathy. I was feeling a tingling through my whole body. I couldn't recall ever having been so turned on.

"Then, he might have taken me to the sofa, sat down on it and pulled me on to his lap. His cock just might have slipped into my pussy and I might have ridden him for a minute or so."

I rolled her over and hooked my arms under her knees, raising her legs so that her knees were pressing her breasts. I was so rapt with desire I was pounding my cock deep into her.

Her words came in spurts as she struggled to get her breath: "Then I might have slipped off of him and taken him in my mouth ... and sucked him until he shot his load ... deep into my throat ... ooohhh, unnhh, fuck me harder, fuck me harder..."

I dropped her legs out beside us, intertwined our fingers and kissed her deeply while continuing to thrust my fully engorged cock into her. I lifted my head up: "Then what might have happened?"

"Oh, uuuunhhh ... I might have sat on his lap with my legs spread wide while he finger fucked ... meeeeeah ... I might have cum or, uunnhgh ... I might not have had time before the door opened."

I exploded again, deep into her and she came as hard as I ever remember, her body shaking all over. A deep flush ran from her neck down to her breasts. I collapsed against her while we both focused on getting our breathing to calm down. After a while I rolled to her side, she leaned against me and put her left arm across me and her head on my shoulder: "Remember what I said." She cooed. "Whatever happened, I love you only and always will."

We kissed and caressed each other for a while. My dick stayed hard. It's not that I've only been a "one-timer" but this was unusual for me to say the least. "You animal, you!" Michelle cooed as I turned her to her stomach and lifted her ass off the bed. I rubbed my cockhead up and down her slit several times and then entered her from behind. I kept my strokes long and slow for a while but soon she was yelling for me to fuck her harder. I did. After a few strokes we got into perfect rhythm as she pushed back to meet my thrusts.

"My God, I'm going to cum again!"

"I want it in my mouth," she said as she pulled away and turned over."

She barely had time to get me in her mouth when I started to shoot. She took it all, even squeezing my shaft to milk every last drop out of me. "Wow, who's the animal?"

"I guess I just can't get enough of you," as she draped her arm over me again and nestled her head on my shoulder.

I awoke the next morning in an empty bed. I could hear noise downstairs and smelled the aroma of fresh brewed coffee. I put my robe on and staggered to the kitchen. Michelle was by the stove frying some eggs and bacon. She turned to me, threw her arms around me and kissed me. Her robe was open so I pulled mine open to feel the softness of her breasts against my chest. "I love you." I said.

"I love you too, my darling."

"Just fantasy, right?"

"What do you mean?"

"The stuff you said about what might have happened in the study."

"What do you think?" She looked me in the eye smiling; a bit impishly I thought.

At that moment I wanted this woman more than ever. The sex the night before had been the most intense we'd had since our honeymoon. I realized that the mystery surrounding her time in the study is what got me so turned on so I decided to leave it at that.

"By the way," she went on, "Nora called this morning while you were sleeping. She asked how you were and I told her you were terrific! Better than your performance on the floor of her living room!

She turned toward the stove then stopped and turned back to me: "I also told her that we'd host the next party."










