Home « reddbunnz's Page - Settings
Carol Learns About Spanking
A Story in the Spanking Friends Universe
by reddbunnz
Copyright© 2009 by reddbunnz
Chapter 1: Carol's First Spanking

Carol could not believe her ears. Her Uncle Ray had just sent her a text stating that he wanted to see her in his study tonight at 8 PM about her $400 cell phone bill. And, she also knew that he was still mad about her bill from last month. Last month it was more than $200. Now it was more than double. When she talked with Uncle Ray then, Ray told her that if it happened again she would have to pay the consequences. And, she had an idea what that meant. She was now beginning to get scared.

Carol was a normal, 17 year old high school senior. Her Mother and Dad had just gotten a chance to go to Europe for six months, and Carol had chosen not to go along. She had just begun a rather serious (by high school standards) relationship with a boy that she really liked, and did not want to give it up for a six month vacation in Europe. Her Mother made arrangements for her to stay with her Uncle Ray during that time.

But, her Mother also warned her that Uncle Ray was rather strict, and she would have to behave or else. Her Mother told her that Ray believed in Domestic Discipline, an age old practice where the Head of the Household, usually the man, would keep those living under his roof in line with discipline. And, her Mother added, Uncle Ray believed in corporal punishment, usually spanking and corner time, as part of his discipline program. She also mentioned that he used humiliation as part of that program. But, she never explained what she meant by humiliation.

After she read the text, Carol remembered several recent events. She remembered her mother's last words to her Uncle as she departed his house for the airport: "And, Ray you have my permission to use whatever methods you feel are necessary to make her behave." So far Uncle Ray had treated Carol with respect and dignity, but she also remembered their conversation concerning her cell phone bill last month. "And, if it ever happens again, we will have to make some changes!" were his exact words. Now, she was dreading the meeting with Uncle Ray tonight.

It was now 7:45, and in fifteen minutes Carol would have to meet with her uncle. She had a pretty good idea about what to expect. Last month Uncle Ray had threatened to spank her for her actions. He told her that she deserved one spank for every two dollars on her bill. That would have been 100 spanks. But, he then relented. He said that since she was new to his house and rules, he would suspend the spanking. She also noted that he said 'suspend'. What did he mean by that, and what would the consequences of this month's bill be? She looked at the clock again, 7:56. She better get going. It would probably take her 4 minutes to walk downstairs to his home office, and she knew better than to be late.

At exactly 8 PM, Carol knocked on Uncle Ray's door. As she waited for his answer, she thought she heard some crying inside the room. She also heard some commotion. It sounded like Uncle Ray's girlfriend, Joy, was in there, too. Was she going to get spanked? And, if so, would Joy watch? She personally thought that she was too old to be spanked. After all, neither her Mother nor Dad had spanked her since she was about 12. But, her Mom also had warned her that Uncle Ray believes that no one was ever too old to spank.

Suddenly the door opened, and Uncle Ray ushered Carol into his office. Carol walked into the office with her head down, looking at the floor. She was afraid to look Uncle Ray in the eyes. Suddenly she heard some whimpering from behind her. She briefly turned her head and could not believe her eyes. There stood Joy. She was standing facing the corner. She was not looking into the room, but into the corner. And, she was naked! She was standing in the corner, naked, and her butt was bright red. Uncle Ray had just spanked his girlfriend! Now Carol knew that she was really in trouble.

"I see that you have already spotted Joy," Uncle Ray commented. "She's not immune to my rules, and neither are you." Then, Uncle Ray began to discuss her actions, and her cell phone bills. Yes, bills. He had not forgotten about last month's bill. He then talked about Carol's need to develop fiscal responsibility. The lecture lasted more than 15 minutes. Then, he shifted the topic to remind her about his house rules.

"Do you remember that we had this discussion a month ago?" Uncle Ray asked. Carol nodded her head in agreement. "Do you also remember that then I said that you deserved a spanking, but I suspended it because you are new to my house and rules?" he added. Again, she nodded her head in agreement.

"Well, not this time," Uncle Ray commented. "In fact, I also hereby rescind last month's spanking suspension. Then I told you that you deserved one spank for every two dollars on your bill. That would have been 100 spanks. Using that same formula, this month's penalty is an additional 200 spanks. That means I owe you 300 spanks total. However, I also realize that you are new to this, and your butt could not handle 300 spanks at one time.

"So, therefore, we will split it up into three punishment sessions. You will receive 100 spanks tonight, 100 spanks tomorrow night, and 100 spanks the next night. And, since you are new, I will start out slow. Tonight, it will be with the bare hand only. Tomorrow, with the rubber paddle. I use a rubber paddle instead of a wooden one because the wooden one will leave bruises, and your butt is too cute to be bruised. But, the spanking in two nights will be with my leather strap. That's what Joy received tonight. She probably won't be sitting on any wooden chairs for a day or two."

As Uncle Ray was talking, Carol had sneaked a peak at Joy's bare ass. It was bright red, but she could not see any specific strap marks. Either the strap was as Uncle Ray described, an item that stings, but not marks, or she received so many straps that the marks were overlapping. Joy was just now beginning to compose herself. She had been crying when Carol entered the room earlier.

"Joy, front and center!" Uncle Ray commanded. Carol turned her head to see Joy waddle across the room. She was wearing six-inch stiletto heeled sandals. More commonly known as 'Fuck Me! Pumps'. Other than that, she was totally naked. And, for the first time Carol noticed that Joy's tits were huge. Even Carol admired how they wobbled as she walked. 'I hope mine are that nice when I am her age' Carol thought. And, then she also noticed that Joy was bare below, too. Everything about her was beautiful.

When Joy reached the front of the desk area, Uncle Ray told her to 'Prepare Carol for punishment.' Without saying a word, Joy immediately unbuttoned and removed Carol's blouse. Next, she reached behind Carol and unsnapped and removed her bra. Joy then dropped to her knees and removed Carol's jeans and thong panties.

"In the future," Uncle Ray added, "when you are told to report for punishment, I expect you to be naked. All punishments are administered to the bare butt, but I also believe that humiliation is part of the punishment. Therefore, you will report totally naked. If you wear shoes, they must be high heels. Other than that, totally naked. If you walk through the house in a bathrobe, it must be removed before entering this room. You are to be totally naked whenever in this room for a punishment session."

As Uncle Ray explained the rules, Joy had remained on her knees facing Carol. Now that she was naked below the waist, too, Carol noticed that Joy appeared to be staring at her pussy. She found that sensation strange. She never had seen any other girl or woman on her knees staring at her bush. She was becoming confused with the notion. Just as she was beginning to wonder if the sensation was good or bad, Uncle Ray told Joy to continue. Joy then stood up and took Carol's hand and led her to where Uncle Ray was sitting. She was then told Carol to bend over his lap, with both her feet and hands touching the floor.

"Here's another rule," Uncle Ray ordered. "You are to count each spank, then thank me and ask me for another. If you don't count the spank out loud, I will not count it in the total. After the first you are to say: 'One. Thank you Uncle Ray. May I have another? Do it after each slap until we reach 100. If you forget, that spank will not count. Understand?"

Carol nodded her head in agreement. "Joy, you may go now. I will see you in our bedroom when I get done here," he said. Suddenly, as she heard Joy walking across the office, Carol suddenly felt a strong stinging sensation on her left cheek.

"Yeowwwww!!! One, Thank you Uncle Ray. May I have another?" She yelled.

Her punishment had begun.
Chapter 2: The Second Session

"Com'on, Carol. Let me see?"

Carol's BFF, Linda, was begging to see Carol's blistered butt. They were in Carol's bedroom, and it was about 7:15 the next evening. 45 minutes before her second spanking — this time with the rubber paddle. Carol had told Linda about her bare assed spanking last night during school earlier in the day. Linda showed up about 7 PM, and was surprised to see Carol answer the door in her bathrobe. Too early for her nightly shower, Linda thought. Then, she remembered that Carol had told her that she was going to get paddled tonight. Secretly, Linda wanted to watch. But, she knew that would not be possible. So, the next best thing was for her to come by early and see if Carol would bare her bum for her. She had never seen a well spanked ass on a near adult woman before. And, secretly she was wondering what it would feel like. Maybe she and Carol could play some spanking games later.

"No way! I'm not wearing anything under this bathrobe." Carol replied.

"So what? I've seen you naked in the gym shower before," Linda replied.

Carol knew that was true. They had been BFFs for quite some time, and had done more than taken showers in gym class together. They had even experimented in some mutual jilling sessions during sleepovers in the past. But, Carol was always the conservative one. She had seen Linda naked many times, but always got embarrassed when she had to show Linda her body.

"OK, but just for a Moment," Carol said. Then she turned her back to Linda and dropped her robe so that Linda could see her ass. Linda was setting on the bed when Carol dropped her robe, which also exposed Carol's front to the bedroom door. Just as the robe fell to the floor, the door suddenly opened and Joy walked in.

"Well, well, well!" Joy exclaimed. "What do we have here? It appears that our little girl likes to show off to other little girls." Joy's comment was especially unusual, for she was almost naked herself. She was wearing a very skimpy bustier, garter belt, stockings, and Fuck Me! Pumps. And, her bustier totally exposed her tits, pussy, and ass. She was dressed for action of some sort. Carol just didn't know what type.

"Go ahead," Joy said while looking at Linda. "Kiss her ass. I found out last night that she loves to have it spanked and caressed. She probably loves to have it kissed, too."

Carol immediately reached for her robe, but Joy was quick to step on it and prevent Carol from covering up. Carol also was turning about four shades of red with embarrassment, for she knew exactly what Joy was talking about. During her spanking last night, she became sexually excited. By the time Uncle Ray had finished spanking her, her pussy was sopping wet. She needed relief. But, her uncle made her stand in the corner naked for 30 minutes after her spanking. Then, she discovered that she liked humiliation, too.

By the time she was released from her punishment session, Carol had to go straight back to her room to get some sexual satisfaction. She was in the middle of jilling off when Joy stopped by with some cold cream for her bruised butt cheeks. Joy saw Carol fingering herself. She merely placed the cold cream on her dresser and left. But, only after giving Carol a very big smile. "Call me if you want your butt rubbed, too." Joy said as she left the room. About five minutes later, Carol called Joy and asked for her to rub the cream into her exposed butt. That's when both Joy and Carol realized that, like most women, Carol loved butt massages.

"Let her kiss your ass, first," Joy said as Carol tried to tug her bathrobe free. "How about it Linda. You want to kiss her ass? How about mine? Maybe you both would like to kiss my ass!"

Carol's face was now bright red with embarrassment. But, Linda just smiled.

"I would love to," Linda replied as she dropped to her knees and began crawling over to Carol's beautiful behind. Before Carol could react, Linda grabbed Carol's hips and started placing multiple kisses on both her ass cheeks. Suddenly, Carol felt Linda pull her cheeks apart with her hands, then she felt Linda plant a kiss right on her rosebud. Carol jumped away quickly, totally surprised by Linda's actions.

Linda only smiled, turned to face Joy, and said "Next!" as she began crawling to Joy. Joy simply smiled and turned her beautiful butt to face Linda. Linda repeated her actions with Joy. After kissing Joy's ass, Linda backed away and told Carol, "You're turn."

Carol tugged on her robe again, but Joy was still standing on it. "Not until after you kiss my ass!" She replied.

"No way!" Carol replied. "I'm not a lezzy!"

"Neither am I," Linda replied. "I just like to play sex games."

"How do you know?" Joy asked. "Have you tried it? Sometimes only a girl knows how to properly please another girl."

"No way!" Carol responded.

"OK, suit yourself," Joy replied as she reached down and picked up Carol's robe. "See you downstairs in five minutes." Joy then turned and left Carol's room — with Carol's one and only bathrobe. Carol knew she had no choice but to go downstairs naked.

With the recent turn of events, Linda suddenly got a burst of courage. She really wanted to watch Carol get paddled. She decided that the old 'Nothing Risked, Nothing Gained' rule applied here.

"Can I watch?" Linda asked Carol.

"No way!" Carol replied again. "I gotta get downstairs now. See you tomorrow."

Linda, on the other hand, hadn't given up. As she followed her friend down the stairs, Linda saw Joy again. And, she was still dressed in the skimpy bustier, with her tits, ass, and pussy exposed for all to see. Linda decided to try it again.

"Joy, can I watch Carol's paddling?" She replied.

"I don't care, "Joy answered. "But, you will have to ask Ray. And, Ray has a rule: All women in his office during one of his discipline sessions must either be naked, or have their tits, pussy, and ass all exposed. So, if you want to watch, you need to strip now. And, he probably will want a blowjob when he's done paddling Carol."

"Won't be my first," Linda replied as she stripped to her birthday suit.

"What do we have here?" Ray asked Joy as she and Linda walked into his study.

Linda could not believe her eyes. As she walked into the study, she saw her best friend, totally naked except for her high heeled sandals, bent over her uncle's desk. He was standing beside her holding a rubber spanking paddle.

"No, Uncle Ray!" Carol screamed. "Don't let them watch!"

Ray immediately turned to Carol and replied, "Listen, young lady. You have no say in who does or does not watch your punishment. If you don't want to be in this situation again, then you should begin obeying my rules. Now, turn your face around again and get ready for your punishment."

Ray then turned to Joy and demanded, "Joy, I asked you a question. What do we have here?"

"I'm sorry, sir, apologies for being so rude." Joy replied. "This baby pussy is Linda, Carol's friend. She wants to watch you paddle Carol. She promised to give you a blowjob and eat my pussy afterwards if we allow her to watch."

Linda could not believe her ears. She had promised no such thing. And, she could not believe how quickly Joy had become submissive to Ray.

"No excuse for such behavior," Ray replied. "On your knees in the punishment corner until I am done here. I will deal with you later." Upon hearing those words, Joy immediately dropped to her knees, and then crawled over to the punishment corner. She placed her arms behind her heck, and began staring straight into the corner. Obviously, Linda thought, as she watched Joy's response, this was not the first time that Joy has been reprimanded.

"Is this true?" Ray asked Linda.

"Yes and No," Linda replied. "Yes, I want to watch my friend get ass beat. And, Yes I am willing to give you a blowjob for the privilege. But, I never offered to eat her pussy."

"Well, it appears that Joy has more than one punishment coming," Ray added. "How about your friend. She does not want you to watch her get paddled. What are you willing to do for her? Just how good a friend are you?"

"I really hadn't thought about her. I just want to watch a good naked spanking." Linda said.

"OK, here's the deal," Ray replied. "If I let you stay, you must promise to give me a blowjob after I am done spanking your friend. And, that includes swallowing my cum. Then, after we are done you will crawl over to your friend, who will be on her knees in the punishment corner, and eat her pussy until she comes on your face. How does that sound? It's either that, or leave now."

Linda did not know how to respond. She never saw herself as a lezzy, but she always wondered what it would be like to have sex with another girl. She did not want to lose Carol as a friend. But, just the thought of having oral sex with both a guy and a girl was making her hot.

"Carol is my friend," Linda replied. "I will agree to your terms if Carol says it's OK. If not, then I better leave."

Ray turned to Carol and asked, "Well, Carol, what do you say? Do you want your friend to pleasure you after we are done with your spanking?"

Carol had just seen how submissive Joy had become to Ray, and her curiosity was beginning to take over her will. She was beginning to see that there was something going on here that she never imagined. She even wondered what her mother knew about Ray. Her mother had told her that Ray believed in Domestic Discipline, including both spanking and humiliation as part of the punishment. But, she never mentioned how she knew about it. Carol was now beginning to see that there was more to this scene that she had been told. And, her sexual desires were now in overdrive. She actually liked the spanking she received last night. She now knew that when her paddling was done, she probably would be hornier than Hell and would need some relief. Well, she thought, Linda started it. Let's see if she can finish it, too.

"Whatever you want is OK with me, Uncle Ray," Carol replied.

"Well, let's proceed, then," Ray commented. He then turned to Linda and ordered, "OK, you cocksucking and pussy eating bitch. You can sit over there and watch until I am ready for you." He then turned to Carol and said, "Let's begin. Same rules as last night. If you forget to count, thank me, or ask for another that stroke will not count. Let's begin."

CRACK!

Carol could not believe the pain. Much more intense than last night.

"Yeowwwww! One. Thank you Uncle Ray. May I have another?"

CRACK!

"OMG!" she yelled. "Two. Thank you Uncle Ray. May I have another?"

And so the fun had begun. Carol was crying before she received 10 strokes with the paddle. Linda was getting wet just watching. But, Joy was the one who really knew the night was going to be fun. Only Joy knew that she and Ray were both Switches who loved to trade sessions. And, later tonight it would be her turn to punish him.
Chapter 3: Shocking Realization

The next day Carol came straight home from school. She wanted to talk with Joy privately before Uncle Ray got home. She was confused about some of her feelings from last night. Once again, she loved her spanking session. Just like the night before, the initial pain from the paddling hurt. The more she was paddled, the more she began to like it. Eventually, she was raising her butt to meet the paddle. The more she received, the wetter her pussy became. Later it only took a few Moments for Linda to get her to cum. And, she loved getting her pussy eaten by her friend. Was she a lezzy?

Earlier that day, Carol and Linda also talked about their experience. Linda admitted that she loved sucking Uncle Ray's cock. And, she also admitted that she loved kissing Carol's and Joy's ass' earlier in the evening, and later she enjoyed licking Carol's pussy. Linda also admitted that she became horny just watching Carol's paddling and would have traded places if Uncle Ray had asked. Linda then admitted that she thinks she's Bisexual. A girl who likes both boys and girls. This scared Carol. Was she like her friend? Did she also like boys and girls? She was still a virgin, and had never sucked a boy's cock. She needed to talk with Joy.

When Carol got home, she found Joy sitting in Uncle Ray's office working on his computer. She was dressed in her bathrobe, with her back to the door when Carol entered the office. Joy did not hear Carol enter the room, and was watching a video on the computer. Carol could see over Joy's shoulder, and was able to see the entire computer video screen. She suddenly froze in her tracks when she realized what Joy was watching. It was a video of a naked man bent over a desk. And, it also contained a woman wearing a bustier, garter belt, stockings, and 6-inch Fuck Me! Pump style stiletto high heels. Her ass, tits, and pussy were all exposed. The naked guy was Uncle Ray! The woman was Joy! And, Joy was caning Uncle Ray! Uncle Ray's ass was covered with red welts! And Joy was fingering her pussy while she was caning Uncle Ray!

Carol could not see Joy's face, and Joy had not yet seen Carol. Carol then realized that this was not a good time to talk with Joy, so she quietly crept back out of the office. She needed to talk with someone, but who? Her mother was in Europe. She did not know what to think about Uncle Ray. Now she had some questions about Joy. But, she needed to talk with someone before Linda came by to watch her final spanking session. Not knowing what to do, she sneaked up the stairs and into her bedroom. Suddenly she realized that seeing her naked uncle receiving a caning from his near naked girlfriend had made her horny. She needed relief. Just as she was pulling her panties down so that she could finger herself, there was a knock on her door.

"Carol, it's Joy. Can I come in? I think that we should talk." Carol quickly put on her bathrobe to answer the door. Jill was also in her bathrobe, but was wearing her stiletto heels, too. Carol was wondering why Jill was dressed like that this early in the afternoon.

"Carol, can we sit down and talk," Joy offered. "I think that you just saw something that you were not supposed to see. And, after last night, I am sure that you have many questions concerning your feelings and experiences. Let me explain what you saw, then feel free to ask me any question about your feelings or how your Uncle Ray and I live our lives."

Naturally Carol was speechless. She did not know what to say, which was probably for the best. Joy explained that even though she did not turn to see Carol directly, she did see her reflection in the computer screen while downloading their video from last night.

"I didn't know what to do when I saw that you were in the room, and while I was trying to stop the download, you were able to recognize your uncle and me. I was originally happy when you got scared and left the room. But, I now know that I must explain what you saw. We are not perverts. We just enjoy spanking as part of our sexual foreplay. Most people don't, but we do."

As Joy went on to explain that there a lot of people in the world who also do, Carol slowly began to relax. Joy went on to explain the world of Erotic Spanking as sexual foreplay. She also explained the different roles in such play, and that both she and Uncle Ray enjoyed taking turns on top. Carol had never heard the term Switch, but she was beginning to understand. When she was relaxed, Joy reached over and offered to give Carol a big hug. While they were embracing, Carol suddenly realized that Joy was naked under her bathrobe. Just like the night of her first spanking. Suddenly Joy saw Carol's panties on the floor.

"Carol," Joy asked. "Do you need some relief?"

"What do you mean?" Carol replied.

Joy then reached down and picked up her panties from the floor. "These are wet!" Joy said. "Did you get horny watching your uncle and me on that video? It's OK if you did. And, it's probably normal for members of this family. So, I ask again, do you need some relief?"

Carol's face began to turn bright red. Like most teen-aged girls, she became embarrassed to talk about sex with an adult. Joy saw Carol's discomfort, and dropped her robe so that Carol could see that she her naked body. Joy then dropped to her knees and crawled over to get in front of Carol, who was sitting on the bed. She then reached up and began to pull Carol's knees apart.

"Let me help you," Joy commented. Before Carol could answer, Joy forced Carol's bathrobe open and could see that her young pussy was soaked.

"Trust me," Joy added. "Getting your pussy licked by another woman does not make you a lezzy. But, you will find that most women know how to give another woman more pleasure than most men. And, I want to provide your pleasure."

Later, after both ladies had calmed down from their intimate experience, Carol got up the nerve to ask many of the questions that she had wondered about last night and most of today. Joy explained that it is not abnormal for many women to like to be submissive to men. And, there were an equal number of men who liked to submit to women. Then, she added that she and her uncle were both. They liked to trade places. Sometimes she was the top and he the bottom, and other times the reverse. They also practiced Domestic Discipline. But, unlike most DD families, their lifestyle was not one way. Whenever one misbehaved, they would get punished. She punishes Ray almost as much as he punishes her.

"And," Joy added. "I love to be naked. Until you arrived, I spent most of my time in the house naked. Especially on nights when I was to be punished. I feel so naughty when I am naked and everybody else is wearing clothes. Now that you know, I probably will not dress for dinner tonight. That is, unless it embarrasses you. If not, Ray and I both like it. Besides, tonight after he spanks you, it's my turn to feel the strap. You can watch if you want."

Carol was getting horny again. All this sex talk to a teenager was getting her wet. Suddenly, she heard the doorbell. She quickly remembered that Linda was coming over again tonight. And, she was feeling naughty herself.

"Is your friend coming over again, tonight?" Joy asked.

"Yea, she wants to watch again. And, I think she wants to be spanked, too." Carol replied.

"Well, I guess we better get dressed, then," Joy said.

"What do you say we surprise her like this?" Carol commented. "Let's both greet her in our birthday suits."

"You are a naughty girl," Joy replied. "Maybe you deserve a spanking for that suggestion."

"Sounds good to me," Carol replied. "Now, let's let the bitch in."
Chapter 4: The Contest

"OK," Joy commented. "But, first, why don't you put on your highest heeled shoes. The higher the better. They will make your cute little tits stick out and wiggle more when you walk. Same with your cute ass. Ray and I both love to watch girly tits bounce and ass wiggle when she walks. Even more when she is getting spanked."

Carol reached into her closet and got her only pair of heels — three-inch pumps.

"Well, that will have to do for now, but tomorrow we need to go shopping. We will get you some Fuck Me! Stilettos, and maybe a few other accessories so you can join our fun.

Both naked ladies went down to the front door, and Joy stood back.

"Well, slut, go let your bitch friend in," Joy ordered. Carol was momentarily surprised by Joy's attitude, but realized that she liked to be told what to do now. Such an order from her mother would have gotten her very mad, but she was beginning to like obeying Joy. She did not know where this relationship was headed, but she wanted more of it.

"What the fuck?" Linda exclaimed as she saw a totally naked Carol open the door.

"Com'on in, bitch," Carol replied. "But, if you do, you have to follow the dress code. And, today's dress code is total nudity."

Linda just stood there, staring at Carol's naked body. Then, she looked over her shoulder and saw and equally nude Joy standing in the background. The only items that both were wearing were high heels. Other than that, both were totally naked. Suddenly, Linda's kinky genes kicked into high gear. She didn't know what game they were playing, but she wanted in on the fun.

"First of all, it's Miss Bitch to you!" Linda responded as she walked into the house. "Now, will somebody tell me what's going on here?"

Joy realized that Carol was a bit inexperienced when introducing others to her lifestyle, and she better take control because a friendship could be destroyed. That's the last thing she wanted. She liked both Carol and Linda, and did not want to be responsible for damaging their friendship.

"Let me explain," Joy replied. "Tell you what. It's a long story, so why don't you join us in the kitchen for some coffee and I will tell you everything."

"But first, you've got to strip!" Carol added.

Linda was surprised at her friend's attitude, but quickly began to remove her clothing. Soon all three were seated in the kitchen as Joy explained all the events of the day and the lifestyle that she and Ray enjoy. Carol added the she did not know whether she wanted the same, but there was only one way to find out. She was going to give it a try tonight and see.

"What would your mother say?" Linda queried.

Joy heard the question, and began to smile. Carol picked up on Joy's reaction and knew that there was more to the story than she had been told. She also remembered that her mother already knew about how Uncle Ray spanked women. She needed to know more.

"Yea, what would she say? What do you think she would say, Joy?" Carol asked.

"More coffee, Linda?" Joy replied. She did not want to answer Carol's question.

"Answer me, damn it!" Carol yelled.

"Carol you just earned another spanking. Neither Ray or I allow that language or tone of voice in this house," Joy replied.

"Goody. Can I watch?" Linda said.

"I don't care," Carol replied. "But, I want to know everything. There is a lot that does not make sense here. Rarely did we ever visit Uncle Ray when I was little. Suddenly, when Mom and Dad decided to go to Europe, Uncle Ray volunteers to let me live with him. And, Mom quickly agreed. She even told me about Uncle Ray's Domestic Discipline rules and how he liked to use both spanking and humiliation as punishments. Just how much does my mother know?"

Joy knew she was now cornered. She was beginning to love Carol, and could not lie to her. But, she also knew that she needed to be careful. She was not sure how she would take the news.

"Joy, please answer me. I'm a big girl and can take the truth," Carol replied.

"OK, Linda, can you excuse us for a few moments. Let's go into the study, Carol, and I will tell you what I know."

"I don't think that's necessary, for my Mom is Grace Woods," Linda replied.

Joy could not believe her ears. Grace Woods is better known as Mistress Grace to her and Ray. No wonder why Linda was so forceful and obedient last night. Hearing this, Joy knew she had to answer Carol's questions.

Joy explained that she and Ray belong to a local spanking club. Carol's mother and father also belong to that same club. And so does Linda's mother. She further explained that not everyone in the club are Switches like she and Ray. Linda's mother is a Top, which is someone who always does the spanking. Carol's Mom and Dad are natural Bottoms -- someone who always receives spankings. Since Uncle Ray has no kids, the club usually meets here at his house. And, the club rules are that all Bottoms must be totally naked at the club meetings. So her Mom and Dad were almost always naked when visiting Uncle Ray. That's why they rarely brought Carol to visit Uncle Ray.

"Did you know about this?" Carol asked Linda.

"About six months ago, I decided to cut classes one day and made up an excuse about being sick." Linda explained. "I left school just after lunch and was planning to go to the mall. But, I didn't want to be seen in our school uniform, so I went home to change. When I got home, I saw your mother's car in our driveway. Suddenly I heard a woman scream. I thought that maybe someone was hurting Mom, so I sneaked into the kitchen. I heard another scream. This time from Mom's bedroom."

"I went running upstairs to see if I could help, and boy was I surprised. What I found was your mother was tied face down to Mom's bed. Mom was dressed like Joy was last night, and she was spanking your Mom with a belt. The next thing I knew your Mom was released and left, and I was naked and in her place. That was the first time that I ever received a belt whipping from my Mom. And, I loved it. My Mom explained about the club, and I told her I wanted to join. She said that I needed to be 18 to join. Guess what: Yesterday was my 18th birthday."

"And, mine is tomorrow," Carol replied. "I think that we should have our own Spanking Party tonight."

"Don't forget that you have a strapping coming tonight," Joy reminded Carol.

"I bet I can take more than you," Linda challenged.

"Interesting," Joy added. "So, what's the stakes?"

"Same as last night," Linda replied. "Loser has to give Uncle Ray a blowjob and eat the loser's pussy."

"Mine, too," Joy added.

"Agreed." Linda said.

"Agreed. I can't wait to feel that tongue on my pussy again tonight," Carol teased.

"Remember, Carol, that you are scheduled to receive 100 lashes with a leather strap first. The contest will not begin until that punishment is completed. And, I can guarantee that your ass will be very sore at that point. You might want to have this contest some other time," Joy reminded Carol.

"What if we both receive a strapping at the same time? Ray can strap Carol, and you can strap me," Linda suggested to Joy. "Minimum of 100 lashes. First one to use a safe word after 100 lashes loses," Linda suggested.

"Sounds good to me," Carol replied.

"OK, girls, you asked for it. Ray will be home soon, so why don't we go into the study and get you ready," Joy replied.

Two hours later, Ray was recovering from a great blowjob. And, he could not believe that it had come from his niece. He had just given Carol 155 lashes with his leather strap before she used her safe word. Carol's friend was able to take one more, and therefore won the spanking contest. As her penalty, Carol had just given him a fantastic blowjob and was now eating her best friend's pussy.

"God, I'm horny," Joy whispered into her boyfriend's ear as she played with his spent cock. "And, she has to eat me, too. But I want your big cock in my pussy while she's doing it. Maybe I should get you ready now." With that, Joy dropped to her knees and began to suck on her boyfriend's cock.

Suddenly, she heard Linda scream with delight. She was having a fantastic orgasm.

"Next," Carol yelled.

Ray suddenly realized that this could be a long and tiring night.
Your opinion is important:
Share with the others what you think about
"Carol Learns About Spanking"
     
Switch to Expanded voting form
The End
View the Spanking Friends Universe
Posted: 2009-03-05
Home - Top   Feedback to author


