Home « Ken Randall's Page - Settings
Comfort
by Ken Randall
Copyright© 2004 by Ken Randall
?

The clock radio said 2:13 a.m. when I heard the first set of footsteps shuffle across the floor above me. I lay on the dingy old mattress, in a little room in my aunt's basement. The room smelled like rubber. I don't know why it smelled like rubber, but it did. I think maybe they'd used it to store old tires down here, before they got the garage built.

The footsteps didn't wake me. I had been awake all night, just staring into the darkness, watching the green glow the clock cast on the wall, and thinking about my mom. Her funeral had been last week, far away in another city, in another world where things used to seem normal--before her death.

She died driving drunk, leaving me an orphan, and homeless. Now I was here, across the universe, in a dingy little room that smelled like rubber, and all I had were memories.

I was still crying quite a bit at that point. I was still in shock, and despair, and full of anger and resentment, drowning in a sea of unanswered questions that expanded like an abyss beneath me. Conflicting with the anger was the heartbreaking memory of the last time I'd hugged my mom, after she had just finished throwing up in the toilet after a night of binging. I wiped her face with a cool cloth and gave her a drink of water.

"You've got to stop this, mom, or you're gonna die on me."

"I ain't goin' nowhere, kiddo," she replied, and that's when we hugged. She was skinny and frail, and shaking in my arms, but she still felt like mom.

Now, in the darkness of the room, after my prophecy had come true, I quoted my next line in that conversation aloud.

"You're all I have."

I was getting better though. I'd begun eating again, and showering, and sort of sleeping normal hours, and most importantly, smiling once in a while. It was still hard but I was managing.

The footsteps shuffled across the kitchen floor and creaked down the stairs. I could tell the person was trying to be quiet, but I could hear them loud and clear. I remained still, expecting them to go past my door and into the laundry room or something, but they didn't. My door brushed across the carpet with a light whispering sound and the feet stepped inside. Then the door was closed again.

The late-night visitor tip-toed to my bedside, a mattress on the floor, and knelt down, blocking the green glow of the clock that now said 2:15 a.m. It was cool down there, and I could feel the warm glow of her body heat, even though she wasn't even touching me yet.

To be honest I didn't even know who she was. It could have been any number of people. The house was full that night. There was my aunt, Judy, there was my older cousin Sarah, or Sass as they called her because of her snarky attitude, there was her younger sister Deborah, and then of course there were about four other girls over as well - Sassy's friends who were there overnight, which was apparently the norm on the weekends.

I couldn't even remember their names to be honest. Just typical teenaged girl names like Chrissy, Amanda, Carly, or something like that. These are just guesses though, because I wasn't really paying attention when they were introduced. I hadn't even been dressed. Sassy called me in as I walked by on my way out of the shower, still dripping wet, wearing only a pair of boxers, and she introduced me to all her girlfriends. Deborah was in there too I noticed, clad in pyjamas with the rest of them.

"Hey," was all I'd said, and then I wandered downstairs again.

They were all around 15 or so I guess, Deborah was 14.

The girl beside me now? I couldn't tell.

I was 16.

A hand reached out and stroked along my thigh. It was a soft and feminine touch, somewhat unsure of itself, but bold nonetheless. My eyes were wide open, staring at the silhouette her body made against the green glow of clock light. I saw female curves there and felt a female touch on my leg, sliding up and down my cool skin, perhaps checking if I was awake. There was not enough light for her to tell.

I couldn't tell who it was. I didn't have the slightest clue. I'd only been there three or four days at that point, and had spent the better part of that time down in the dingy little room, hardly eating, and sleeping some 20 hours a day. I was pretty much living among complete strangers.

Judy was my mom's brother's widow. She'd had her two daughters from a previous marriage, divorced, and then married my uncle Stu. Stu died a couple of years later, and left them the house and a fair bit of inheritance. They were complete strangers to me, but they were the closest thing to family I had left in the world. They agreed to take me in, even though mom had left no life insurance to pay for me. (Her drunk driving had apparently negated the insurance and I was left without a penny in the world.) Aunt Judy agreed to take me in, saying my uncle Stu's inheritance should be adequate to support us all. She was a good woman. I was grateful.

The hand slid up to my chest and now my pulse was speeding up. This was no longer a gentle touch to see if I was awake. I was being felt up. The hand traced over my chest muscles and down across my abs. Then they moved up to my shoulders and gave a gentle squeeze. I just laid there, feeling the comfort of human contact for the first time in over a week.

The last person to touch me was the school nurse who pulled me out of class to tell me my mother was dead, hit by a truck driving back to work from the bar on her lunch hour. The nurse had put her hand on my shoulder and steered me through the crowds of onlookers who filed out of their classes to see who was bawling like a baby out in the hall.

I remember the whispers, and feeling embarrassed. I had no idea that it was the last time I'd ever see any of them.

Now this hand was on my face and I immediately started crying again. My mom used to touch my face like that, with the backs of her fingers, and the horrible thought of never seeing her again suddenly popped back into my mind once again.

I didn't cry aloud of course, but tears spilled from my eyes. The fingers felt the wetness and suddenly there was a hot passionate kiss on my mouth - a kiss of such desperation that its intensity overwhelmed my sorrow. The lips were soft and moist, and the breath behind them was sweet and warm. Her mouth opened and the tips of our tongues touched delicately, with the same excitement of eyes meeting across the room for the first time. It was the briefest touch, but it meant the contact was more than friendly affection.

I was crying but my focus was shifting from my mother very rapidly. Whoever this girl was, she was a great kisser, and whatever reason she had for kissing me didn't seem to matter anymore after a minute or so. My hands lifted from the bed and touched her face as she was touching mine. I felt tears there as well.

Her mouth left mine and began kissing the tears from my cheeks, dabbing her lips in the moisture and sliding upward, then leaping to the other cheek to kiss me there as well. I returned the gesture; tasting the saltiness of her tears and smelling the freshness of her femininity close up. Her shampoo, her delicate perfume, even her makeup, drowned out the smell of rubber--a smell which I'd come to associate with mourning.

Her hands wandered down my body again this time they went all the way down to my erection, which she found by sliding her fingers under the waistband of my shorts. Her fingertips touched it, wrapped around it, feeling its size, and then began stroking slowly up and down. My heart was pounding now, and I was panting, like I'd been running.

"It's big," she whispered into my ear. It was the first and only thing she said to me.

Her other hand reached down and I felt my shorts being tugged down. I tucked my legs together and they came down to my thighs. Then there were fingertips tickling my scrotum. My erection twitched in her hand and suddenly her lips touched the face of it. Her lips were warm and moist, and they touched down like lightning, intense and shocking.

The lips bounced around a bit, like a ball in slow motion, dropping down here and there, making me shiver with excitement. Suddenly they dropped down and parted when they hit and I felt a slippery little tongue touch down on me. This tongue slid over the face, and around the head of me, it wound in a little circle and then returned to ooze down the shaft, ever so delicately, touching only with the tip. My breath was coming in sharp gasps now, and I couldn't even speak, though I wanted to.

Now it was all tongue. The lips were gone, and the wet slithery thing painted me with saliva all over the underside of my manhood. The gentle kitten licks she had been giving it were replaced by wider lapping strokes until finally she slathered the entire length of me from root to tip in one long wiggling lick. I sighed gratefully and was suddenly treated to her mouth on my scrotum.

This was a whole new ecstasy, ticklish and sweet, yet not unpleasant. It made my erection twitch and throb until strings of pre-come drooled out of it. The lips tugged and suckled at my testicles, and she nibbled on the skin of my scrotum a bit, before finally stirring her tongue around the entire area in a deeply gratifying gesture of carnal affection.

Then her mouth made its way back to the top of me, this time climbing it like a mountaineer, as she simultaneously bent my erection upward toward the ceiling, or, more importantly, toward her mouth. She got to the top of me and the lips that had been kissing their way upward opened to engulf me as she slowly sank down again, this time on all sides. It was warm, it was slippery, and it was all over. Her tongue pressed into the side of it as she gave it some gentle suction, she twisted herself around so that her attention would be focused onto its happy little face.

I was inside her mouth now, as far down as she could take me and I lay there trembling and sighing, feeling joy for the first time in what seemed like forever. She took me down and held me there in her motionless mouth, and simply massaged me with a gentle rotation of her sweet little tongue. Her jaw was stretched wide, but she did not seem uncomfortable. She just massaged me with her tongue, until finally her excitement increased, possibly due to the moaning she heard from me, and she began slowly bobbing up and down on it, sucking gently and winding her tongue around and around the underside of me. I was delirious. I never wanted it to end.

It didn't end. She was slow and delicate, and very gentle, and I just lay there feeling like I was glowing and floating and twisted up like a pretzel inside her female affection. Four minutes passed on the clock while she made love to my erection with her mouth. Each up and down stroke she made seemed to take a full minute. Everything felt like it was in slow motion. I was not complaining at all of course. I was simply in total shock that it was even happening.

I began to feel the excitement of climax stirring inside me, and I let her know with a combination of increased moaning, and erectile throbs. She pulled herself off me and dropped her kisses down to my stomach instead. My hot and pulsing erection throbbed and twitched in frustration, but calmed down soon enough.

Her kissed made their way up my chest, and as they did I both felt and heard her pyjamas coming down, and most likely her panties with them, if she was wearing any. Her kisses got to my neck and she moved up the side of my jaw to coo into my ear. She still hadn't spoken to me yet, and I still didn't know who it was who was pleasuring me so exquisitely. Finally she lay still on me, and I felt the mutual beating of our hearts as our chests were pressed together in a moment of stillness. A moment passed where she almost seemed to be coming to some sort of internal resolve. Then she kissed me again and the scene continued.

Her leg swung over me and my guess was confirmed. She was now naked from the waist down and I felt her hand reach down to take hold of my erection. I was aimed upward and I felt the hot kiss of vulva on my naked flesh. Then the kiss opened up into a glowing wetness that stretched itself over me, popping in first the head, then the rest of me inch by inch until I her round little backside touched down on my thighs. I could feel her vulva, which a moment ago had kissed the tip of my erection now pressing into the root of it. I was inside her all the way, surrounded my hot slippery honeyed flesh and a perpetual squeeze of girlish tightness.

The squeeze began rocking up and down on me, and the girl could no longer restrain her murmurings to gentle coos and moans. Now she was panting and sighing loudly above me. Her hands were on my chest, and then on my abs, and then on the mattress beside me, and her lower body flowed slowly over me like it was being rocked by a gentle breeze.

Her arms lifted from me once again, and this time I heard the hot whisper of her pyjama top being shucked off in a swift motion. It dropped onto the clock, plunging us into complete blackness, and then she removed her bra.

When that was gone she bowed down to press her body into mine in every place she could. Her feet met my calves; her thighs caressed mine, her belly pressed down onto my belly, and her breasts crushed into my chest. Beyond that our mouths were entwined in a slippery wet tongue kiss, and our genitals were connected in a delicious liquid embrace, serving as the crescendo of our absolute intimacy and pleasure.

Her pelvic bouncing continued and I stroked in and out of her, feeling the sweet squeeze of her excitement. It slipped out and she reached down to put it back in, wriggling and winding downward to gather it securely up inside her. It was there and she had her way with it. I was simply lying there in pleasure while she moved on me. I was kissing her and enjoying the slippery wet stroking of her tight little sheath as it bounced on and off me in deliberately slow up and down motions. She was small inside but I seemed to fit perfectly, as though we were made for one another. I shut my eyes and turned away from her kiss, pumping myself upward, in and out of her while she hovered over me taking it with gentle little gasps and suppressed moans.

"Why are you doing this?" I asked.

"Shhh," she said, touching her vulva down to the very base of me with increased excitement.

"Who are you?"

She cut me off with a kiss, and then I think she climaxed. I'm not sure though. All I know is she began shaking and shuddering, her breathing ceased, and then came in sharp gasps once again. It was gorgeous.

When this enormous exertion of hers was done, she pulled herself off me, flinching and shuddering as though it were too much sweetness on raw nerves. Then her kisses wandered down my body again and she devoured me in a more aggressive explosion of felatio than I'd ever experienced. (Well to be honest I'd only gotten it once before her, and the girl was more interested in a TV show we were watching than in satisfying me, but as I said, that had been in a whole other universe.) She sucked hard and moved fast, as though she meant to kill me with kindness. It was hot and squirming, bouncing and bobbing, and all wet and slithery inside her mouth and my manhood could only stand it for so long. She didn't stop this time when she felt me coming, she didn't even slow down. The depths of her strokes decreased but that was about it. She gripped the base of my shaft with her hand and jerked the ejaculation out of me, milking it with her swirling and sucking mouth. I came with a snarl that was perhaps louder than it should have been, but nobody stirred upstairs. She emptied me of my essence and pulled off of me with a quiet slurp of merciful release from her suction.

Then I heard her swallowing, panting a bit, and swallowing some more. Whatever she had taken from me was gone down deep inside her and she gave no whisper of complaint. Then she went down again, gently licking my manhood clean with little kitten licks, exactly the way she'd started, and somewhere in the interim I faded off to sleep.

It was Deborah, I think. I can't be sure, but the next morning at lunch (I slept in 'til noon) she was sitting there with her sister and the four others and I saw her giving those little kitten licks to a popsicle she'd pulled from the freezer. She caught my eye and looked away with only the slightest blush.

I was still depressed that day, as I was everyday, only this time I felt strangely contented somewhere deep inside. It was an odd combination but it was there.

I ate my breakfast and went back downstairs to lie down again.

This was when the conversation started.

"So who was it? Is anyone gonna confess?" one girl said in what was supposed to be a whisper.

"All I know is that I went down there to see if I could make out with him, but someone had already beaten me to it. I don't know who, but he seemed to be enjoying himself. I opened the door and I just heard this incredibly sexy moaning. I thought maybe he was masturbating at first but then I heard a girl's voice, one of you sluts moaning like a bitch in heat!"

"Who?"

"Not me!"

"Which one?"

"I don't know. I just booked it out of there and went back to bed."

"It wasn't me."

"I wish it was me! He's so damn hot it's scary. I just get shivers every time he walks by."

"Well we know it wasn't Sass. They're fucking cousins."

"Only by marriage, baby, and if I had a chance I would fucking take it. Damn!"

"Was it you? Come on be honest?"

"It wasn't me. I swear!"

"I still can't believe the poor guy lost his mom--lost his whole life really. It's so sad. I just want to do nothing but take care of him, and cuddle him and make it all better."

The conversation went on like that, but it was pretty much the same things over and over again in swirling feminine circles. I lie down there on my bed, feeling a slow smile spread across my face. In spite of my grief, I was happy. It seemed I would be well taken care of.

As if to prove my point, one of the girls came downstairs and asked if I needed anything.

"I need a hug, actually."

Suddenly we were hugging, and then kissing, then, almost spontaneously, we were going all the way. I came with a happy smile as she rode me frantically, trying to finish before anyone upstairs became suspicious. She was pushing back and forth on me, rather than going up and down, and I felt myself nudging the very depths of her womanhood. She let out a yelp when I came and one of the girls upstairs stomped on the floor, chiding her into silence.

I didn't even get her name either, but it didn't matter. She promised me she would be back again, if I'd let her. I nodded and she kissed me. Her panties went up and she covered them with her pants, and then she was gone.

I fell asleep again, feeling even less depressed, and was awakened by a third girl. We made love just like the others, with her on top. Her name was Raylene. I know that because she made me say it when I came. She made me promise.

"Oh, Raylene. I'm coming, right now."

And she came with me.

She was gone as quickly as she'd arrived, and almost minutes later another of the girls stepped in. She wasted no time. She wanted me, and she didn't dilly-dally around about it. I was in her and we did it for a deliciously sweet 20 minutes. She was Chrissie - I made a point of getting her name - and she had the biggest breasts of them all. She let me come on them too, but I had hardly anything left to give.

The last of the four friends must have needed to work up the nerve to join me. She was the shy one I guess, and when she finally did come into the room she just laid there, holding my hand while I rested up from the romp with Chrissie. Finally she climbed onto me and we just started kissing first, and then petting, and finally she stripped down to nudity and straddled me. We only actually did it for about three minutes. She was incredibly small, and claimed I was hurting her terribly. So I took it out and she apologized profusely as though she'd killed my mother herself or something. I told her it was fine and that we could try again another time.

"I'm really pretty tired," I said.

She promised to make it up to me, and then she left. I passed out soon after, in a daze of mixed emotions. It wasn't every day one had an entire harem of young girls all vying for a piece of him. I wasn't complaining, but I sort of wished I could have all this fun, and still have my mom around too.

Somewhere in the night, Sass climbed in my bed. She was hot and soothing at the same time, gentle and affectionate, and yet fiery and passionate. We did it for almost an hour, and she was the first girl I actually got on top of. We climaxed together several times, and she ended it by giving me head for a good half hour. I know this because I the clock said 1:38 a.m. when she started, and I finally came at about ten after two.

She swallowed down everything without losing a drop and licked me clean with a satisfied sigh.

"Where'd you learn all this, Sass? You're amazing."

"A girl just knows."

"Come on. You had to learn it from somewhere."

"Have I been with a lot of guys, you mean? No. I've only been with one other guy, my ex-boyfriend, but pretty much all we did was fuck, all day every day, every chance we got. He broke me in, and then turned me into a silly little teen sex slave. He completely ruled me. He even talked me into doing threesomes with Deb. He popped her cherry and everything. He taught us everything we know. Then he dumped us like trash for some college girl. He was 19."

"Deb is pretty talented herself."

"She knows tricks, that girl. She used to try and out-perform me when we were with 'Dem. I think she loved him more than I did sometimes. When he dumped us I was more broken-hearted for her. We used to share him, you know? He used to call us both his bitches--his fuck slaves. She was more shattered than I was when it ended."

Sass paused, and then her tone lightened.

"I knew it was her who fucked you last night, but I didn't want to say anything. She had that same glow she used to get with Demitri. I took one look at her and I just knew. She hasn't looked that good since she was with him way back when. Better even, you're way hotter than he is, and you've got a bigger dick!"

She giggled and grabbed my now exhausted manhood, tugging on it a few times, more in admiration of its size, than to give me any pleasure... It gave the slightest throb and then collapsed again.

"How long ago was that?"

"About six months ago, since we last saw him. The whole thing lasted almost a year. We cried ourselves to sleep every night after he was gone. It was rough."

"I guess we all have our share of heartaches."

"Yeah."

Then she sat up, felt around for her pyjamas and put them back on. She snuggled up to me and told me she was gonna sleep in my arms and she didn't care what her mom said. I agreed, saying I'd simply tell her mom I had a nightmare, and Sass was there to comfort me. Then we kissed again, like lovers, for a good ten minutes.

"So are you feeling any better?" she asked.

"Lots. Thanks. I don't feel so hopeless and alone anymore."

"I'm glad. I felt so awful when I heard the news about you. That must be so hard to deal with. I can't even imagine."

"It is hard. But it's getting easier, I guess. I don't know. It's nice to have distractions. It makes me feel normal again."

I gave her body a squeeze, and kissed her. It felt wonderful.

"Well feel free to distract yourself any time you want. You can use me however and whenever you want to, as long as my mom isn't around. I know we're not really related or anything, but I still don't know how she would take it."

"I don't even wanna think about anything outside of this bed right now, okay?"

"Okay. But just remember, I'm yours, whenever you want me, and I can only assume the same goes for my friends, and Deb too, I expect."

"Thanks. It means a lot. It really does."

Then she wandered down my body with kisses once again, and I drifted off to sleep, feeling her sweet little mouth massaging my manhood in a gentle and loving suction...

I'd found some comfort in the cold black abyss of despair.
Your opinion is important:
Share with the others what you think about
"Comfort"
     
Switch to Expanded voting form
The End

Go to Ken Randall’s Blog
Posted: 2004-11-30
Last Modified: 2007-03-30 / 09:16:26 am
Version: 1.10
Home - Top   Feedback to author
