Dani:

If you haven't been a 'military-brat' growing up, you've probably known one. Being the child of a parent serving in the military means lots of things: moving every year or two, growing-up in a rather insulated society, doing without one of your parents, sometimes for considerable amounts of time, being constantly inundated with the military hierarchy and its way of doing things, knowing that your behavior was always being watched wherever you went, oh, that's just some of strictures of growing up military-style.

I was also the middle kid but one that was also pretty isolated from each sibling on either side.

My older sister, Samantha, was Mom and Dad's first, of course, born just six months after they were married, yeah, a miracle-child, right? I didn't come along for ten years after Sam popped out of Mom, so we were mostly different generations, she basically had a doll to play with when I came along.

But, I did come along, loving life and having fun, at least mostly. During my younger years, moving wasn't very traumatic, I just rolled with it when the time came for Dad to take another post and they came and packed up everything we owned and we drove off to a new life somewhere else.

It was later on, when I was six, seven, eight and older that the constant moving began to be a burden. It was also about the time that Jason came along, my little half-brother.

As you can see, there's a bit of the story that I've skipped over, my mom's death, for example. When I was being born, she was having a massive stroke which put her into a coma from which she never came out. So, I've never really known my own mother, just my dad and older sister who was pretty much my substitute mother.

Dad, well, Dad is rather tight-lipped about her and her death and all and, well, about everything, really. He's a guy's-guy military man for sure. I think being in Military Intelligence probably doesn't help him in being open and outgoing, either.

He did get married again, to a woman that I took an instant dislike to and vice versa. I suppose the two of them at least had sex once, because when I was seven, I was presented with a little doll of my own, half-brother, Jason, who, most of the time, eagerly fulfilled his primary role, as I saw it, anyway, of providing hours and hours of entertainment for his seven-year old sister.

Even though, he is, technically, my half-brother, I never walked around thinking every moment that we were only half-related, he always just seemed like a little brother, pure and simple. And, he was cute, just darling, as he began growing up.

His mother, however, was someone I really never got to know very well and didn't want to. She announced to my father that she was leaving him and that, as far as she was concerned, he was welcome to keep Jason as she wanted no reminder of their marriage. Nice woman.

Of course, by the time Jason was old enough to be aware of his surroundings, his mom was not even part of the landscape of our family. It was Dad and Jason and me, with occasional visits from Sam and Grandma.

So, Dad had become single again with custody of us both on the provision that, if deployed, our grandma would come to stay with us or we with her.

Jason:

When I was little, I had an older sister, plus a much older sister, one who was pretty much already grown and moved away. So, my nearest sister and I have grown up living in several places because my dad is in the military. The strangest place was Germany, not that it was strange, just strange to me. I did make friends even among the local people and can, today, speak German enough to get by. I even got used to the food, liking it well enough, that when we went back stateside, I preferred cheese and bread and cold cuts for breakfast.

Now, Dani, she's my half-sister, actually, I didn't realize the difference until I was about six or eight when the inner workings of my family connections were explained in detail, she and I have been close even though she was so much older than me, seven years older.

Also, being older, she tested the limits while I was still young and got in her share of trouble, mostly nothing really serious, unless you're in the military's control where even minor things are looked upon as serious. But, that's just part of being a military-brat.

With Dad working like he did, my sister was not just my sister but also, often a mom, as well. I went to her for help with my homework or just needed a shoulder to lean against when being a kid was hard. She would always be there for me and I often wondered who played that role for her. No one, I guess.

Dani:

While Dad was almost always around when we were growing up, he was working hard in a field that is mostly made up of some pretty strange people. Not that Dad was strange, it just seemed that way because of the mystery surrounding his job compared to the jobs that my friend's fathers generally had. It almost made us feel separate from the other kids we knew, though there was always the bond of the military in the background.

So, we grew up here and there, my brother more like a brother/son at times, a somewhat strange situation at times. But, we were mostly close.

I think what began to change our relationship some was when Jason was twelve. I was eighteen, a freshman in college. I knew my brother was trying to get peeks at me, he was a horny little boy, trying this or that to up the stakes just not too bold about it. We did share a bathroom between our bedrooms and every time he would lock the door when we were growing up, of course, he would forget to unlock it and I would yell at the little bastard when I couldn't get in to take a pee.

So, I told him I'd kill him if he ever locked it again, you know how older sisters can be, right?

Then, one afternoon, I went into the bathroom, his door was open and he was on his bed, pants and briefs around his ankles, jacking-off. Not just jacking-off but really whaling the hell out of it, going sixty.

Being eighteen, or so I knew a bit about masturbating the male (maybe I'll write that story some day) so I said, "There's a better way to do that, Jason," and he jumped about a mile, pulled the covers over himself and screamed, "Get out, get out."

So, being the older sister, I walked right into his room and said, "Here, let me show you how to do that," and pulled the covers back. Then, I thought I'd get some lotion from my room, told him I'd be right back, then returned, put some on my hand and wrapped my fingers around his cock and began slowly and firmly going up and down.

"Do it slower, sport, not so fast and frantic. You'll just make it sore." I spit on my hand and wrapped my fingers around his dick and began slowly stroking him. "How's this? Is your sister making you feel nice?"

"Oh, Dani, that feels awesome, you're right, this is so better. I'll let you do this any time you want," he said with a big grin on his face.

"Well, I've done it a few times so I do know what I'm doing," I replied, returning his grin.

Of course, I was used to boys my age, Jason's cock was a little smaller, about five inches, my current boyfriend was twenty-two but I must say it was more of a turn-on to masturbate my little brother than to be fucked by my current steady.

"Mmm, oh, wow, that's a lot better, man, oh, that's gonna make me cum."

"Good, I get to see my little brother shoot his stuff, cool," and I stroked him up and down as I felt his muscles tense as his back arched up, I quickly dropped my head over his cock and sucked real fast, soon his cock was spurting out his white, gooey boy-cum onto into my mouth and chin.

Of course, being eighteen, I was far more sexually experienced than my little twelve-year old brother so I thought I'd give him a little preview of how it will be for him as he begins having sex with more experience behind him and the girl he's with. So, I leaned back over, wiping the last few drops off the end of his dick with my tongue, taking the tip in to suck it dry, then raising up as I licked my lips.

"You're a tasty guy, Jason. Girls will love your cum."

"You really ate it, Dani, licked it right up. You're something else. That was just the greatest."

"Well, now you know a better way to do it, the rest is up to you, little brother."

"Won't you do it for me, Dani, you really did it so good."

"You can take care of it yourself. Just go slower and use some lotion to make your hand slide better. That way it's more like the inside of a girl, smooth and slippery. You'll find that out one of these days."

That was the last of any sexual contact I had with my half-brother except for the times he wanted to sleep with me. Yes, he often asked when I was home. I was now in college, he was in middle school, yet he would ask me if he could come sleep with me in my bed when I was home.

Did I trust that there was nothing sexual about it? Oh, no, I was sure that after jacking him that time, he wanted more from me. So, he kept asking to sleep in my bed with me which I finally relented when he just asked if he could sleep curled up in my chair across the room.

Of course, in the morning, I woke with him curled around me. Well, life was tough enough and, after all, I wasn't home much, all he had most of the time was Dad and his latest wife, The Bitch. That sums up how Jason and I both felt about her, and, eventually my father, as well. They lasted maybe five years all told.

That was the only time I did anything sexual with Jason though he did kind of hang close when I was around and was always wanting to hug me and all. But, I'd done enough, I thought, and that was that.

Now, I do have to add that, well, I did tease him with the occasional peek at me here and there, flashing him a bit of boob or butt or whatever, just to keep him horny and hard. I know, terrible, but I have other friends who've done the same to their little brothers. It was fun and kept me a little wet at times.
Chapter 2

Dani:

So, I was in college, Jason was at home with Dad who, after my junior year, decided that we would all benefit from a nice trip together. Actually, the way it turned out, it was a very nice trip indeed, two weeks in London.

Dad, of course, had been to London and to England before but for Jason and me, it was our first time. We had been to big and busy cities before, New York, Washington, Los Angeles, Chicago, but London was so different, so cool. From Heathrow we took the train in to Victoria Station and the place was amazing. It was huge and it seemed like millions of people were going in every direction possible. We took a taxi, a real, shiny, black London cab, to our hotel and got settled, Dad and Jason in one room, me in another.

The first couple of days were great, the British Museum, the mummies were awesome, the Victoria and Albert Museum and the Science Museum were great fun. We also ate Indian food several times which Jason and I really liked. Dad also took us to a real, authentic pub which was so cool with its dark wood paneling. I had a pint of cider and, boy, it was sure not apple juice. I was just a bit wobbly when we walked back to the hotel.

Our dad did get a few phone calls the first day or two then one that kept him in his room for over an hour. Once he was off, he got us together and told us that he had no choice but to leave us for a few days, there was urgent business that he had to take care of and that we would be on our own for a few days, three at the most.

So, he arranged for me to vacate my room and take over his room, it was the larger, and that I would be in charge of Jason while he was away doing whatever it was he had to do. I was twenty-two, after all, certainly old enough, even in a strange country, to take care of my fifteen-year old half-brother. We did have our grandmother available in the States if we had to reach someone and he left us a private number which could contact him along with a specific contact at the U.S. Embassy that we could go to any time of day or night.

Jason:

We had been having a great time. I really loved the Egyptian part of the British Museum with all their mummies and stuff, then there was a medical museum we went to that was also really cool.

We ate in a pub one night and Dad was having some kind of beer but Dani was drinking cider and she let me have a sip. It wasn't very sweet but it did taste pretty good but I was too young to have my own because it did have alcohol in it.

Then, Dad got several calls which he had to answer in private and it turned out that he had to leave for somewhere, he couldn't tell us where, just that it was urgent and only for a day or two. So, he put Dani in charge and left her with a pretty good wad of cash.

Of course, knowing Dad, he had to lay down the law before he left. I actually listened to most of it.

But then he was gone and Dani and I were on our own in London, England. How cool can that be when you're a fifteen-year old American kid? So, the first thing I wanted to do was go out and explore. England isn't so different from the United States but it's also totally different from the States. I know that doesn't make sense to you but it does to me.

So, I convinced my sister to let me go out and see London on my own, she made me take a card from the hotel with its name and address on it in case I got lost. Not likely but to make her happy, well ... I did it.

I walked back over to Victoria Station where we'd already been and decided to take the tube to a few different parts of London. I was loving London and, especially, The Tube. What a great way to get around. I spent most of the afternoon going to different tube stops and coming up and walking around. Then I would normally walk to a different station and take the tube again.

I finally got back to the Oxford Circus station, near our hotel, when I saw a girl, she looked to be about eighteen or so, crying on a boy's shoulder.

"We just can't sleep on the street, Edward. I'm so scared, we've got to find a place to stay tonight," she was sobbing to her boyfriend in American-style English.

"Excuse, me, I heard what you said. You could come stay with my sister and me. We have a hotel right down this street. I sure wouldn't want to think you were sleeping on the street," I offered.

"Oh, you're American, too. I'm Edward, she's Melanie."

"I'm Jason. You're welcome to come back with me. We've got a room and it has two beds, I can bunk in with my sister and you two can have the other."

"Sure she won't mind?"

"Nah, she's good about stuff, come on."

Dani:

I was laying there in my bed, just half asleep, when I heard the lock turn and in came Jason followed by two people, a guy and a gal. New friends, I guessed.

"Hi, Dani, this is Edward and Melanie. They're from Ohio, needed a place to stay tonight so I figured they could crash with us, use that bed, we could bunk up together, okay?"

Now what am I supposed to say?

"Oh, yeah, okay, well, um, sure, I think that'll work."

It was starting to turn dark and he volunteered to go out across the street and get us all Indian take-out food, take-away, to the locals, and he was soon back with a giant bag of steaming, wonderful-smelling food that we all devoured.

We all went out for a while, then back to the room and got ready for bed. Jason and I both had robes which we had on and the couple, Edward and Melanie, just stripped down to their underwear and got in their bed. Once the lights were out, you could tell that the two across the room were fucking like crazy. They really didn't even try to keep it down.

After a few minutes, I felt the bed moving and I knew my little half-brother was jacking-off.

Our new friends fucked at least three times that night and each time it woke me up and I knew it woke Jason up because, once again, he was beating it while they screwed across the room. Maybe Melanie and Edward hadn't had any privacy in a while, either that, or they were just exceptionally horny for each other. Either way, it had Jason stroking much of the night.

They got up the next morning, each naked, Jason hungry-eyed as he watched the girl, Melanie, get dressed, then they left, I think they were meeting someone they knew but, truthfully, these two were pretty vague, even at best. They were kind of weird, just the kind my little brother would find out on the street and I was just as glad that they were gone. But the memory of their wild sex remained, especially with Jason.

Later in the day, we went out to get us some dinner, again Indian take-away, we both love the spices of Indian food, and brought it back to the room.

We were eating it as we sat on the bed, Jason babbling about the girl and the sounds she was making as they fucked across the room from us.

"Oh, she was going, 'Guck, guck, guck, ' and he was banging her, Dani. She went crazy."

"No, it was more like, 'UUH, UUH, UUH," I heaved as he pushed me down on the bed jumping over me, pinning me to the mattress. I thought he was just playing, wrestling, then he pushed his lips to mine and slid his tongue into my mouth. Me, his half-sister, his half-sister who was seven-years older than him.

Yes, of course, it was a surprise. But the biggest shock was how he kissed me. It was just about the hottest, sexiest, most erotic kiss I'd ever had. And, as he was kissing me, his hand was on my breast pressing and rubbing.

I rarely lose my mind but his kiss was so arousing, my pussy just felt like it was on fire. Then, I knew this wouldn't stop. I had held his cock when, years earlier, I had shown him how to better masturbate. Now, I knew I had greater plans for my little brother's cock, so I pulled him to me, kissing him back and rolled him over on his back and began humping him as we kissed and tongued on our bed in London, so far away from the familiar, urging us on to explore new and uncharted territory between us.

I kissed Jason for I don't know how long, then I raised up and said, "Jason, have you ever fucked a girl?"

"Uh, no, why do you want to know?"

"Well, I want to know because I think it's time you did, you're fifteen now" and I pushed him back down on the bed kissing and tonguing him more as I snaked my hand down between us until I could feel that hard, young cock and began to rub it as we kissed.

Then, he halfway doubled up, "UUH, UUH, mmm, mmm," he groaned.

"Geez, Jason, did you just cum?"

He looked sheepish and murmured, "Yeah, I think I did. I didn't mean to, I couldn't help it," he grumbled.

I thought it was cute and said, "Well, we better get these pants off, I guess," as I winked at him and loosened his belt and zipped down his fly and pulled his pants off. His white briefs were soaked in the front.

"Yeah, Jason, looks like you shot your cum all over your shorts. Guess you'll have to go without," I laughed as I pulled them off and threw them across the room.

And there it was. He didn't try to cover up, I knew he wanted me to look at it, play with it, love it, make it cum again.

"I hope you're treating this a lot nicer after I showed you how to do it, Jason-boy. It looks a lot bigger than the last time I had it in my hand. Have you talked any girls into sucking it for you yet?" I asked as I played with it.

"You're kidding, right? What am I going to do, walk up to one at school and ask her to suck my dick?"

"Might just get it sucked, Jason, just might. Why don't you try asking me?"

"Would you, Dani?"

"Would I what, Jason?"

"Would you suck my dick, please?" he asked with a cute grin. How could I resist? I bent over and slid my lips over him and began to gently suck as I ran my tongue around the head.

"Oh my god, Dani, that feels so good, I can't believe how great this feels."

I looked up, smiling, knowing that guys had told me the same thing before, now it was my cute, little half-brother. I really wanted him to cum and I sucked him as well as I knew how. And, that's pretty well. I was soon rewarded by spurts of his warm cum gushing into my mouth as I swallowed to keep up.
Chapter 3

Jason:

"Oh, god, Dani, oh, nobody's ever ... UUH, UUH, UNH, UNH, mmm, oh, wow, that was the best," I groaned as she rose up and kissed me, sweeping my own cum into my mouth where we passed it back and forth while my hands eagerly crawled all over her as my sister tried to get out of her clothes. I had pulled my shirt off and here we were, by ourselves in London, England, naked in bed, our hands investigating each other as she became reacquainted with my cock, now more worthy of the name than the last time she'd held it and played with it.

She pushed me down and swung up over me, knowing just what I now wanted so badly, and lowered right onto me, driving me up into her. Since she had shown me how to properly jack-off, my cock had matured into one that, as she rocked up and down, was pleasing us both greatly.

"Mmm, Jason, you are so hard, really longer than you were, this is so good. I can get you really deep. You like me fucking you?"

"Oh, Dani, this is better than I've ever dreamed. You are so hot, so beautiful, god, your boobs are amazing. I just want to feel and suck them forever. Mmm, man, when you pull up, it's awesome on my dick."

"Well, Jason, you're kind of fun to fuck, I might just want to do this some more. Feel good, mister first-timer?"

"So good I'm gonna cum, like right now, UUH, UUH, UNH, mmm, mmm," I groaned as pulses of cum went streaming up into my sister. She pushed down on me and ground her hips back and forth keeping me deep in her where it just felt the best.

And that did it for Dani.

"Mmm, mmm, oooh, oooh, oh, yeah, right now, yes, YES, UUH, UNHH, UNHH, UH, uh, mmm," she groaned as she kept moving her pussy around in a circle, keeping me buried deeply inside her as the waves of ecstasy washed over her on and on, lighting her face with rapturous delight.

She was still moving back and forth on me and it just felt so good as I rubbed her breasts, so pretty, so firm, her nipples all puffy and hard in the center. She bent over, smiling at me, and pressed a nipple to my mouth. She just kept fucking me, I was staying pretty hard, it just felt so good as I sucked and she fucked. Oh, I was so hoping that this wasn't a one-time thing like her showing me how to jack-off had been. I really wanted this to be something we would do from now on.

"Can we do this when we get back home, Dani, I really, really want to?" I begged.

"We really shouldn't be doing this, Jase. I mean, Dad would kill me. I'm an adult, you know. Twenty-two. And you're fifteen."

"Yeah but this is so great."

"Well, okay, yeah, it is but, oh, shit, he'd wipe me off the face of the earth if he knew I was fucking you."

"Mmm, just keep fucking me, Sis. Oh, how I love your pussy. Mmm, and these boobs."

She kept fucking me and got herself off three more times that night before I was willing to let us go to sleep.

Dani:

When my little half-brother started kissing me that evening, well, I'd been kissed by guys before, quite a few guys. What it was about Jason, well, I just wasn't sure but it was certainly something. Because, after that, I just wanted us to fuck as much as we could. It was crazy but it happened.

He was fifteen and now taller than me by quite a bit, six-two. And as cute a guy as you could find. There was also one aspect to my little half-brother that wasn't half at all. He had a great cock, long, chubby, just one that filled me right up, one bigger than I had had before. And I was finding out that he could fuck for hours and hours. Once he had ejaculated a couple of times, he could just go and go and go. Yes, Jason's cock was pussy-pleaser like I'd never had before.

In the middle of the night, we were sleeping naked, of course, and he rolled me on my back and, as I lay there groggily, began shoving his hard cock up into me. That's not something I'm liable to sleep through as he began taking long, slow strokes back and forth.

"Mmm, god, Jason, do you have to fuck me all the time?"

"Yeah, oh, yeah, it's so good, Dani, how could I just lay here next to you with your pussy right there and not fuck you."

"Oh, Jason, you are such a horny guy."

"How could I not be horny laying here next to you all naked? God, look at you, Dani, you're the hottest, sexiest girl in the world. You're making my dick so hard, I've got to do something about it. So, I'm fucking you."

"Well, you are doing that, even in the middle of the night," and he didn't stop until I had two orgasms and he'd had one himself. After that he let us get back to sleep.

In the morning, I woke up and he was gone. God, now what, I wondered and just about then, the key turned in the lock and in he came with breakfast that he'd gotten at a local shop, complete with coffee just the way I like.

I sat up, the sheet remaining in my lap, wanting to tease him with my boobs, knowing it would make him horny and wanting to fuck me again.

"You look so good, Sis, I'll never look at another Playboy now that I've seen you," he told me as he spread our breakfast out on the bed. What he said was so nice, I just pulled away the sheet from my lap as I sat cross-legged having my coffee. His eyes were right where I wanted them.

"Are you going to get naked, Jason, you're back here in the room now?"

"Oh, geez, I was so busy scoping you, Dani, I forgot. You just wanna see my dick, right?"

"You got it, big boy, let's get it out so your half-sister can admire it," I answered, grinning as he pulled his pants down, then his briefs and got back into bed.

As I drank my coffee and ate a couple of the rolls he'd brought back, I also was playing with his dick, it was looking like my little half-brother was horny once again, something that was seeming to be all the time. Oh, well, I was enjoying my effect on him, what girl doesn't, right?

"So, Jason, what do you want to do after we eat?" I asked knowing the answer from the hard cock I was playing with.

"Oh, gee, I don't know, Sis. We could try fucking," he said grinning widely.

"Oh, is that something you like now?"

"Let's get these things off the bed and I'll show you. God, I want to fuck you so bad, just sitting here with you naked and playing with my dick is driving me crazy."

"Okay, okay, don't shoot your wad before you get it in, okay?" I asked as I lay back down as he finished clearing our breakfast remains off the bed.

Jason:

She just drives me crazy with her beautiful body. I just want to touch her everywhere and after fucking her the first time yesterday, oh, man, that's all I wanted to do now. Just fuck her over and over and over.

So I got up over her, my cock like a compass pointing at where it wants to be, as I watched and felt it go between Dani's pretty pussy lips, all wet and eager, and it slid down into her where it was all warm and wonderful.

Then, as I pulled back up, those wonderful feelings flooded through me again, oh, fucking is the best, the best ever and my half-sister is the best there is, I just knew it. And I knew I'll never, ever get enough of her.

"You look happy, Jase, I think you've found something you really like, huh?"

"Oh, do I ever, I could just do this and nothing else," I told her as I stroked up and down in her.

"Like this?" she asked as she raised her middle and began twisting her hips around and around as I fucked her.

"Just hold still, let me do it," she asked and I just knelt there between her legs, my cock inside her as she turned her pussy in a circle just making the tip end of my dick light up it felt so good.

"Like this, don't you?" she asked me.

"Oh, man, that feels so good. That's gonna make me cum. Oh, yeah."

So, she kept twisting on my cock, then, suddenly, I jolted forward hard into her as bursts of my cum hit the back of her pussy over and over.

"Oh, OH, OH, UUH, UUH, uh, mmm, mmm," I groaned and I dropped on top of her, still fucking away, never stopping, even slowing, as I kissed her face over and over.

"Oh, Dani, I love you so much, I love you, Dani, I want us to be like this forever."

"You're just horny, Jase, you just want my pussy."

"Yes, true, but I love you, too, and I want to just keep fucking you. See, still hard."

Yes, I was, my dick was like steel going back and forth inside my sister. I couldn't believe she was letting me do this, oh, I was in heaven for sure.

"Mmm, just like that, Jason, oooh, yeah, keep doing it like that."

I was about to give Dani another orgasm, oh, did I love doing that. She's a grown woman and here I am, fifteen, giving her orgasms. Oh happy day.

"Oh, OH, OH, UUNH, UUNH, UH, uh, mmm, oh, Jason, don't stop, don't stop," she groaned.

I really didn't want to stop, my dick was hard and it felt awesome and I just wanted to fuck. And I wanted to fuck Dani. She was beautiful, five-two, just over a hundred pounds, 34C-23-34, all curvy and hot with dark black hair except for her pussy which is smooth and bare. I love to lick it. She's perfect.

Dani:

We heard from Dad almost every day; he would call or have someone call, to tell us what the situation was with him coming back and it kept being put off every day until almost two weeks went by and we were coming up on the time and date of our return flight to the States.

Meanwhile, Jason and I didn't get much sightseeing in, we were mostly naked every day fucking from morning until night, then more. My half-brother is the horniest guy I've ever known. Like I said, he seems to cum a couple of times, then, after that, he can just keep hard and fuck forever without cumming again. How he does it, I have no idea.

We just fucked dozens and dozens of times. Then, finally, Dad got back, looking a little haggard, and we spent one more day in London and flew home. Then Dad was right back out again and we were sent to our grandmother's to stay while he was away.

She always took a nap in the afternoon so Jason and I would go to his room or mine and fuck like crazy. And, one afternoon, I got the tape measure out of Gram's sewing basket and put it in my pocket for when we were together that afternoon.

"Look what I got, Jase?" as I held it up for it to unravel to the floor.

"Yeah, so?"

"Get it out, I want to see how big your cock is," and he lost no time pulling all his clothes off and standing there good and hard and ready. Well, almost ready.

"I wanna make sure you're really all the way up," and knelt down and began sucking him all the way up and down taking as much in my mouth as I could. Then, in a few minutes, I pulled away and held the measure from base to tip.

Seven and five-eighths. Oh, nice. And around, well, five and two-thirds inches. That's my half-brother Jason and what like about him the best. Ooops, I just heard him come in. I know what he'll be wanting ... just what I've been wanting.

Oh, here he is and, look, it's already out. Sorry, gotta go. it's time for some brotherly love. Bye.