Home « Jack Spratt1's Page - Settings
Dirt Poor
by Jack Spratt1
Copyright© 2006 by Jack Spratt1
?

Watching my sister Jessica sleeping beside me is something I have enjoyed off and on for over thirty years. Lying on her back, legs slightly spread; the result of our reunion slowly seeping from her very swollen pussy. She arrived by air yesterday. The drive from the airport was a mutual admiration trip as we hadn't been together for nearly four months, much too long. We talk often on the telephone and keep in touch daily with emails, but it is not the same. She lives with her husband and family in Tennessee, me still single, live in a large house in a small bedroom community outside of Detroit. In my eyes she looks like a movie star, it was hard to keep my hands on the steering wheel. After arriving at my home it takes all of ten minutes before we are panting on the sofa me buried to the hilt deep in her willing wet opening. Just the feeling of Jessica's moist pussy wrapped around my cock always brings back a cascade of wonderful memories going back to our early childhood in the coal mining town in Tennessee. We are the offspring of a hard working coalminer and his wife, our mother. Our family, like all the others in the community, was dirt poor. The best thing is Jessica will be my guest for a full two weeks.

Jessica, her husband and the three children have been a big part of my life. I look forward to my time with them, especially my sister. Her husband is a very good man and has no idea just how close we siblings are. Unbeknown to him I have fathered two of his daughters during well-timed visits of my sister. Both visits were for two weeks during her very fertile time of the month. During her occasions with me, we made love as often as three times a day to make sure everything possible is done to have her conceive. We were successful both times. They were planned pregnancies in the sense she and her hubby planned to have children at that time. Fortunately, both girls are images of their mother both in looks and attitude. Every time they visit, they remind me so much of their mother at the time we became lovers for life and I have hope for each one of them with the approval of Jessica. She thinks it would be wonderful if they become my lovers as soon as they are old enough. Over the years they have become very special too me. With the agreement of my sister and her husband, I have ensured that they will never be in a position of poverty. A college fund started the day each was born ensures they will have all the chances their mom and I did not. Jessica tells me often she wants both girls to have the benefit of learning about sex at the hands of their uncle. It is something I look forward too.

My name is Neil Walton and my sister is Jessica. Life in the small town in Tennessee is hard in the early fifties, but Jessica and I didn't know that as that is all we experienced in our short lives. We did not have television; a radio or a telephone so everything introduced to us is from our parents or the teacher in the one room school we attend. Other children in school are from the same social background. Their daddy's worked in the mines and their mom's stayed at home. We all wore hand me downs without shame as it is a way of life and nobody thought about it. Each summer like kids everywhere we enjoyed the outdoors swimming and fishing. I actually became a provider for the family bringing home large catches of fresh fish to supplement our diet. Meat is a delicacy at our table. Mom does prepare chicken, as it is cheap at the market.

Our house in current day description is a three-room shack. It has a kitchen that could be called our family room, a bedroom for mom and dad and a smaller room where Jessica and I sleep on a mattress on the floor. In the summer it is so hot we often sleep on the large veranda to take advantage of a mountain breeze. The winters are the worst. The wind and snow sift through the poorly installed windows; some of the panes are broken with old newspaper shoved through the holes. The only warm room is the kitchen beside the stove. My sister and I take over the floor area of a large pantry that is close to the stove; we have pillows and old blankets and sleep there in the cold winter months. One of my chores is to keep the fire burning adding wood as required.

The fall and winter of 1954 is a very memorable time. To that point in our lives Jessica and I grow up together more as buddies than as brother and sister. Age wise, we are a year apart Jessica ten and I am eleven. During the summer we often go skinny dipping, at a small pond formed in a creek that runs through the back of our property. It is the same creek that I fish. Mom has us pick berries all summer for canning and some she makes into the best pies you can imagine when there is enough money to buy sugar. Usually after picking berries in the heat we end up in the pond before we go home for supper. Seeing each other naked is accepted even the difference between us doesn't give any cause for interest. Mind you even at my young age I enjoy looking between Jessica's legs. Her small but puffy peach like pussy has me fascinated. She picks up on my interest and often lies on her back drying in the sun with her legs spread. At that time in our lives it is just something beautiful to look at.

As fall approaches we gather vegetables from the garden and help mom store them in sand in the fruit cellar so we will have vegetables most of the winter season. Nothing eatable is wasted. If the neighbors have anything surplus they offer it to anyone in need. Each family depends on the other for support through the bad times and shares the bounty during the good times. Even though daddy works in the coalmines, coal is expensive so he cuts wood that we children pile in a lean-too attached to the house near the door. It is my job to keep the large wood box full during the winter.

Like the other boys in the village I am strong and strapping because of the way we live. Being the tallest boy at our school makes me a target; I have often been in fights with other boys. Beaten only twice and that is when a couple of boys ganged up on me. Within three days of those beatings I manage to get each boy alone and return the favor sending them home blood flowing profusely from their noses. Over the years I have become very protective of my sister. When a couple of boys at school pull her pigtails and make her cry they pay dearly when I beat the shit out of them. From that point on no one did my sister any wrongs.

Jessica is my buddy; my best friend and we are nearly inseparable. We attend all the town functions as a couple. The fact that we are living in poverty didn't bother us because we didn't know any different. When the grown-ups have a dance at the town hall all of their families attend, nobody heard of the word babysitters. As with all youngsters we attempt to mimic our parents dancing. Jessica and I always pair up. She is nice to hold; her skin is so soft compared to mine. Mom always makes us bathe before we go to any social function and lets Jessica use her smelly soap. I like holding her close coz she smells so good.

The winter of 1954, is one of the coldest ever experienced in the valley. The snow is extremely heavy and doesn't melt like it usually does after a day or two. Tromping through the snow back and forth to school in the extreme cold seems to go to our bones, and with little real heat at the school, we are cold all day. Both Jessica and I look forward to the Christmas break so we can stay home and keep warm. Over the years we have gathered some books and lots of catalogues to enjoy when we're cuddled in the pantry. Jessica has three coloring books she received from an old aunt of ours for her birthday. She only has four crayons so some of the pictures look funny after we color. One evening as we settle down to go to sleep our lives change. Many times we could hear noises and the squeaking of the bed coming from our parent's bedroom. The thin back wall of the pantry is the only thing separating us so the sounds easily penetrate. Jessica and I often try to guess what mom and dad are doing. Mom is very vocal often screaming but it can't be of pain because the noises often continue late in the night. One evening as we are looking at each other speculating what is happening in the next room we are showered with a piece of plaster falling off the wall leaving a hole big enough to spy through. On my knees examining the damage I am surprise to see what mom and dad are doing. It is the first time I have ever seen hair between the legs of a woman. Daddy is on his knees with his face buried between mom's legs and she is moaning and tossing her body up and down. Using my hands I offer the new found peek hole to Jessica. After taking a peak she looks at me with a confused look on her face.

"What are they doing?"

"I think it is called sex stuff, some of the boys at school talk about it, but I didn't think they had any idea what they are talking about."

"Why do they do it?"

"I don't know I guess because it feels good. I think it has something to do with making babies."

Jessica looks at me then takes another peek. Looking at me she shakes her head.

"Mom has daddy's thing in her mouth sucking. Daddy is pushing it in and out."

My quick peek confirms that. Mom seems to be gobbling daddy's thing. Both appear like they enjoy it. I wonder what it feels like to have someone suck my thing. It feels good when I rub it. Maybe Jessica would like to try sucking me? I have been fascinated looking at her peach so kissing it wouldn't be a hassle.

"Mom really is sucking. I wonder what it feels like."

"What? Having your pee-pee sucked?"

"Yes."

"Well, I could try it if you like?"

"You would?"

"Sure, but you have to lick me like daddy did mom."

"Okay."

Now my cock isn't the biggest at eleven, but it does get hard. It is about three inches long a bit thicker than my finger. There is a layer of skin covering the top, but if I push down on it, my little slit that pee comes from is exposed. Shifting my body so my dick is pointing upwards I watch Jessica lean over and mouth me. She uses her tongue on the head and the sensation of her sucking really does feel good. All of a sudden my hips are pumping up and down like daddy when mom is sucking him.

"You taste like pee. Next time you better wash yourself or I won't do it again. Now it is your turn."

With her legs spread her peach opens and her scent is of pee and something I have smelt before, but never knew where it came from. Her scent makes my wiener get even harder. Kissing her slit it feels so soft. My tongue runs up and down the opening and into a very small hole. Jessica is making funny sounds. Actually she doesn't taste bad at all. Spreading her lips then attaching my mouth sucking, a thin liquid starts to seep from her. It tastes tangy. Sucking harder to get more Jessica starts moaning.

"Neil, that feels really different, really nice. I guess that is why mom likes it so much. I wonder what they are doing now. I can't hear them."

A quick look shows my dad with his cock buried deep in my mom's asshole. Mom is panting as daddy is pushing in and out. Jessica is tugging at my arm wanting a look. She watches for the longest time.

"Daddy just took his cock out of mom's asshole. Gobs of white stuff are draining out of her. What is it?"

Taking another look I watch as mother wipes gobs of white cream from her open asshole. Jessica's is not even close to that size. Mom leans over and kisses dad they lay together pulling up the blankets. Mom turns out the light.

"I don't know what it is. I have never seen anything like it before but mom seems to really like it. The only asshole I have ever seen is yours and it is a lot smaller than moms."

"Maybe we can try it sometime. Let's watch again tomorrow night."

Jessica blushes and curls into my arms. Pushing my little wiener against her we fall asleep. During the night the stove needs wood three times, each time I notice my wiener is still hard sticking out from my body. A few good strokes remind me of how nice it felt in Jessica's mouth.

The next day is routine. Mom has us help making bread. I keep the fire smoldering trying to keep the oven at the same temperature so the bread won't burn. The odors of fresh baked bread fill the cabin. When daddy comes home he surprises us with a pound of real butter. Usually we use margarine but it doesn't taste the same. We gorge ourselves on fresh warm bread covered with butter. After talking about what we planned to do at Christmas mom and dad go to bed. Jessica undresses in front of me and I watch her pour some hot water in a basin and take her wash cloth and wipe between her legs. She looks at me and offers me the cloth. Undressing, I take time to wash my wiener with the skin rolled down. Maybe Jessica will suck me a bit longer tonight because it feels so good in her mouth.

Both of us are very quiet straining to listen to our parents start making some sounds. When Jessica looks she whispers that dad is sucking mom's nipple. Jessica has small nipples and very small breasts. When you see a person naked all the time the small changes never seem obvious. Tonight I did notice my sister's nipples. She offers one to me. I have seen my aunt breast-feeding her baby but she had a lot more than Jessica. Sucking her actually seems to make her nipples grow and get hard. Jessica seems to like it as she cradles my head in her arms. She is moaning ever so softly.

"Neil, that feels so nice. It must feel even better if there is milk in them like Aunties."

"You taste good Jessica; I wish you had some milk in them for me."

"Now it is my turn to taste you again. Look, your thing is so hard."

My cock has been hard since watching Jessica wash her pussy. Motioning for Jessica to wait I take another look through our peephole. Mom has her hands on daddy's cock and is gently massaging his ball sack. It is massive compared to my little one. Jessica takes another look; then settles in sucking my cock. Her hand is massaging my small sack just like mom was doing to dad, what a sensation. The combination makes me dizzy. The more she sucks the weirder the sensation. Involuntary my hips start the pumping action again just like dad. Then, a feeling I have never felt before, what is happening to me? A strong urge to push deeper into Jessica's throat has her trying to gulp and swallow while not gagging. Then it happens; a feeling of surging heat runs the length of my little cock. It jerks about three times. Jessica is coughing and choking.

"What did you do Neil? Some stuff come out of your wiener, you didn't pee in my mouth?"

"I am sorry I don't know what happened. All of a sudden it felt like I was squirting. Then it was over. What does it taste like? You aren't hurt are you? I can't believe how good you made me feel."

"Not really bad actually, a bit salty, it didn't hurt me it just surprised me."

"It really feels good when I squirt; maybe it was that white stuff we saw seeping out of moms asshole when daddy stuck his cock in her."

"Wow, it really is different. Maybe I can squirt too."

Our knowledge of what actually happened and why it happened at that point in time is nil. It is only our curiosity of what mom and dad do that have us trying things with each other. My little stiffy is no more; it just hangs loose from my body. Is it broken? Jessica is looking through our peek hole.

"Neil, they are doing something different."

Dad is on top of mom and his big cock is buried deep in the hair surrounding mom's pussy. It is not in her ass this time. Mom arches her back each time daddy pushes his cock into her. I can hear her make grunting sounds every time daddy pushes his cock deep into her. Can Jessica and I do that? My wiener is hard again.

"Mom sure seems to like having daddy's cock in her. Do you think we can try?"

"I want too, but I want you to see if you can make me squirt."

This time Jessica's pussy is really wet. I can smell her special odor. With my mouth on her opening I suck and swallow trying to lick up all her juice. It tastes better than it did last night. Maybe cause it doesn't taste like pee. Spreading her pussy open it looks so soft and pink. She smells so good. The juice seems to seep out of her small hole. When I bring my tongue from the bottom of her pussy to the top she gasps when I am at the top of her slit. My tongue feels a small pimple at the top, licking it quickly has Jessica pushing her body up towards my mouth. What is that thing?

The faster I lick that little pimple the more violent Jessica's movements become. It can't be hurting her because she is moaning like mom does when daddy does things to her. When she sucks in her breath and arches her small body and tries to hold that position I wonder if something is wrong. Then she lets go and her body falls back, her bum on the blankets. Her eyes are still closed but she is panting furiously. She opens her eyes smiling.

"What happened, Neil? I never felt anything like that. Maybe that is what mommy likes when daddy has his face in the long hair between her legs."

"I don't know Jessica. But we should go to sleep."

"Okay, Neil. I feel so good."

What happened to both of us is a mystery, something I will ask the older boys in school. Maybe they can help me. Rubbing my cock will never be the same after having my Jessica suck me.

The next day mom sends me to the store for some bar soap and flour. Jessica doesn't come as she is helping mom by peeling potatoes for dinner. Frank, one of the older boys from school is in the store picking up a package for his mom.

"Hi Frank. What you doing?"

"Same as you, chores for my mom."

"Frank, can I talk to you a minute?"

"Ya, what's up?"

"Do you know much about sex?"

"A little, likely more than you do."

"Can you tell me about it?"

"I will meet you outside when you are done."

There is a small veranda in the front of the General Store. Usually the old folk of the community sit on the bench talking and playing cards but at this time of year it is too cold for them. Frank is waiting for me. I had a five-cent piece and bought some hard candy for Jessica and me. Offering Frank a chunk I wait for him to tell me about sex.

The stuff that comes out of my cock is called cum. Doing it with a girl is called fucking. Apparently it is what is necessary to make babies in women. The way girls get babies is a guy has to squirt cum in their pussy but only girls that have had a period can make babies. When I ask him what a period is he tells me it when a girl bleeds between her legs. This is all new to me. I know Jessica has never had blood between her legs except when that big horse fly bit her at the swimming hole. I don't think that counts.

Frank goes on to tell me about squirting into Mary Right. She likes to lean over a chair or bench lifting her dress so the guys can move her panties to one side and put their wiener in her. Frank says he has done it four times with her and he knows of five other boys that have done it with her as well. Mary Right is two years older than I; she is short and chubby with the biggest titties in school. My wiener is hard all the way home. If Frank can put his in Mary, I should be able to put mine in Jessica. I wonder what hole we should try first.

Mom and dad are sitting at the kitchen laughing. Dad won a draw for a turkey for Christmas. I have to pick it up the morning of Christmas Eve at the butchers. The money mom and dad put aside for a turkey can now be used to buy other treats. Jessica stares at me throughout the meal. I can't wait to tell her about what Frank told me.

After dishes dad grabs mom and suggests they go to bed early tonight. Without anything else for entertainment it leaves only one thing. Sex! Mom must have some secret as all the other families in the area have lots of kids. We are the only small family.

As soon as the door closes Jessica pours warm water in a wash basin, she is going to wash her pussy. I watch as she soaps her cloth then gently wash her puffy pussy lips, spreading them to clean inside. She surprises me when she spreads her bum cheeks and cleans her beautiful asshole. I haven't tasted her there yet. We both watched dad lick mom's asshole before he put his cock in her.

She dumps the water and pours out fresh for me handing me a new rag to clean my cock, she watches me roll back the foreskin scrubbing it clean. Moving beside her she leans over and kisses me then mouths my stub. She squeezes me and cuddles. My fingers trace her nipples that get hard on contact.

"Neil, do you think you can put your cock inside me? Mom likes it so much. I want to feel it."

"I was going to ask you about it. It is called fucking. I want to fuck you, Jessica."

"And I want you too, Neil. Can we try now?"

"What hole?"

"Both."

My little spout is hard sticking out from my body as Jessica arranges her body. She is on her back, legs spread, and the moisture glistening in the light. When I lay on top of her, her arms circle my neck and squeeze me. My little stub keeps hitting the side of her legs, her tummy but not her pussy. Then breaking her hug, I feel her hand on my cock guiding me to her pussy. Pushing as hard as I can, it goes in about an inch then stop at a barrier of some kind. Daddy's is a lot longer than mine and goes all the way into mom.

"I don't know what is wrong, Jessica, but there is something in you keeping me from fucking you."

"Can you push harder?"

"Sure. But I don't want to hurt you."

"Well, we have watched mom and dad fuck often and she loves it. Daddy's cock is always buried in her. So push."

Jessica is pushing up with me pushing down. My cock is starting to hurt a bit as we push. Mom and dad don't appear to be hurting when they do this. Then, as we are about to stop, my cock slips deep into her. As it happens, she gives out a deep gasp.

"What is wrong, Jessica?"

"It hurt a bit but now it feels so different with you in me. Just lay still for a while till the hurting stops."

Just being in my sister is something that really feels good. Jessica is fooling around. A sensation of pressure keeps moving to my cock then stops then she does it again. The urge to start pumping is so great. Now I know why dad likes to do this with mom.

"Ok, Neil. You can try pushing it but go slow. I don't want it to hurt again."

What we didn't know is Jessica just lost her cherry and the bit of blood mixed with her pussy juice made her opening slippery. The movement of my cock in and out of her feels so good! Jessica seems to enjoy it as well, every time we hit she moans with a big sigh. That funny feeling is happening to me again, just like when Jessica sucked me. Then it happens, my little cock starts pumping. The sensation of ejaculation is wonderful as cum squirts into Jessica.

"Neil, I can feel you squirting in me. Wow, does it feel different."

"It feels good to me."

"Me too. We will have to do this every night just like mom and dad."

Every night from that day forward we wait till mom and dad were in the woes of sex and then we would fuck. I don't know if it was the results of fucking but my cock seemed to grow a lot bigger after we started. Jessica's titties seemed to do the same thing. From flat as a pancake to mom noticing and telling her she needs a bra. At no time did my parents suggest we not sleep together, perhaps what Jessica and I are doing is common with families. Jessica and I certainly enjoyed it.

We had been doing it nearly every night for a week when one evening Jessica washes her pussy and then her asshole. She grabs a jar of hand cream that mom uses after she does the wash. The lye soap she uses makes her hands all red. The lotion helps them heal faster. It is very greasy and slippery. Jessica takes glob on her finger and sticks it in her asshole pushing her finger in and out. Just watching her makes my stub get hard.

"Neil, I want you to put some of this on your cock. I bet you will be able to fuck me in the asshole then. I want to try it. Mom goes crazy with daddy's cock in her asshole. It must feel good."

With my cock coated with the lotion Jessica gets on her hands and knees offering me her tight little asshole. Aiming my cock at her opening, I am able to watch as it disappears into her. Hell is it ever tight on my cock. The lotion makes is so slippery. Slowly I pump and soon Jessica is slamming her body into mine as we make contact. She is grunting so loud I have to remind her mom and dad might be able to hear her. The pressure of fucking builds and the urge to cum is rampant.

"Jessica, it feels good to me. What about you?"

"Nice, really nice, so different from in my pussy, do it faster, okay?"

I couldn't go much faster as my need to cum is so close. Hammering Jessica's asshole as hard as possible she just moans and keeps mumbling do it faster. Her ass muscle seems to squeeze me in such a way intensifying my feelings and the urge to cum. Then it happens, four strong ejaculations. My hands are on Jessica's hips pulling her hard against me trying to keep my cock as deep as possible in her asshole. Then we collapse together.

"Jessica, that is so good. What did you feel?"

"Every time you shot I could feel it, so hot in me."

Still panting we cuddle together; vowing that doing it in her bum will become a regular thing for us.

During the Christmas holidays the coalmines close for five days and it is a tradition for families to visit each other. We often find ourselves with guests and that puts a damper on our activities. On one of those nights our cousin Rachelle stayed with us, her parents took our room. Mom had borrowed two comforters from a neighbor to make sure they stayed warm.

Rachelle is twelve. She, according to Jessica, has never done what we are doing together. When we asked Rachelle to join us in the pantry she crawls in willingly. She is wearing an old nightie with a number of large holes. I can see that her nipples are a lot bigger than Jessica's. One hole close to her pussy shows hair just like mom. My cock is hard and has nowhere to go, as we can't fuck in front of Rachelle.

The space is tight; Rachelle is between us my cock pushing against her soft bum. She shuffles her body rubbing against me. All I can think of is lifting her nighty and trying to bury my cock in her asshole. The way Jessica is squirming I know she misses being fucked as much as I do. Then Rachelle surprises me by reaching behind her and grabbing my cock. Her warm hand feels me then rubs. Then she slips her hand in my shorts and grabs bare skin. She whispers.

"Can I see it?"

Both Jessica and I hear her. Jessica sits up and looks at me. Rachelle looks embarrassed her hand still in my shorts.

"I guess you can Rachelle, but I want to see you as well."

"But, Jessica?"

"She has seen me lots."

Rachelle takes off her nightie and Jessica does the same. Her pussy is lightly covered with fine black hair. The hair close to her love lips is damp. Her nipples are large compared to Jessica's. Kneeling I remove my shorts my cock sticking out from my body. Rachelle feels it and finds my ball sack.

"Yours is the first I have seen. The guys tease me at school but I have never done anything with them."

"Well, I can show you how to fuck if you want."

"Fuck? Isn't that a bad word?"

Jessica is smiling. I can see she wants to touch Rachelle and feel her titties as I do. She has such big nipples they must be nice to suck.

"It might be a bad word but it is fun to fuck. You will like it Rachelle."

"You fuck, Jessica?"

"Yep. Neil and I fuck every night except tonight."

"Coz I am here?"

"Yes."

As the conversation continues my hand is on Rachelle's tit. Her nipple is so hard. Her voice seems to crack as I explore. Her breast is soft. When I lean over and mouth her nipple you would have thought she is touched by a hot iron. The sensation of sucking soon makes her forget what is happening. Jessica's hand is on the other breast and soon she is sucking beside me. Rachelle is trying to speak but nothing is coming out of her mouth. She falls back on the blankets. My finger finds her slit and slides into her. Bringing my finger to my nose I enjoy her scent while sucking her nipple. Then Rachelle gasps.

"Neil, can you fuck me?"

There is a smile on Jessica's face her head nodding yes, fuck her. It takes a bit to get Rachelle laying flat on her back. Once in position Jessica reaches over and aims my cock at Rachelle's very wet cunt. As it turns out there is a blockage just like Jessica's. Being experienced at removing that barrier I keep pushing hard. Jessica, with her head propped up by her hand, watches every movement of my cock pumping in and out of Rachelle's virgin pussy. Finally, the barrier gives up the ghost and my cock is all the way in. Rachelle just lost her cherry.

"That hurt Neil, nobody said that fucking hurts."

"Well it only hurt Jessica the first time, but we have done it lots since and it doesn't hurt."

The continuous pumping takes Rachelle from hurting to a feeling of wonder. Her attitude changes for the better the more we pump. Her hips are getting right into the action as she thrusts upward meeting me with urgency. Rachelle eyes are closed and her breathing is uneven, just like Jessica when she is about to cum. Rachelle arches her body pushing upwards her arms tightening around my neck. Hell, I can hardly breathe! She is a very strong girl. Then she collapses going limp. She is breathing hard, her eyes open, and a soft smile on her face. She pulls me down our lips meet and she kisses me.

"Wow. It really does feel good. Did you squirt something in me?"

"Yes, when guys have sex they shoot white cream. I think it makes babies."

"I don't want a baby. I am too young."

"Do you bleed down there?"

"No."

"Good, you won't have a baby."

"I feel so stretched between my legs. Look at you, your cock is so small and soft."

"It won't be for long."

"Good, can we do it again?"

"Likely, but I have to do Jessica too. We do it most nights."

"I can watch you and Jessica?"

All three of us cuddle up, the conversation between Jessica and Rachelle is how often we do it and how many times a day we have done it. Jessica is staring at Rachelle titties like me. Her nipples are hard and pointy. Touching her breasts she jerks from surprise then moves closer to me allowing my exploration. Lifting my mouth close enough to suck her nipple brings a surprised look to her face. Jessica is sucking as well.

"That really feels good. This is a night of new things for me."

Having Rachelle's nipple actually feels and taste good. Jessica's are so small, but with Rachelle I can actually mouth her breasts and suck her nipple. Rachelle's hand finds my stub and is rubbing. It starts to grow in her hand; she watches the marvel with interest.

"Oh my, look Neil your cock is getting hard. Jessica you are next then it will be my turn again."

Breaking away from Rachelle, Jessica arranges the pillows and lies on her back. Rachelle moves down so she can watch as my cock enters Jessica pussy. Fucking Rachelle was nice but being between my sister's legs is like going home. I love fucking Jessica. Her body stiffens twice as she cums, for me it takes longer before my stick is spiting out hot cream. It is nice to be between two young girls that enjoy having me fuck them.

That night Rachelle manages to get me hard twice more. In the morning I am so tired, mom thinks I am sick.

My experience with my cousin Rachelle and my sister bodes well for my sex life. It seems while the other guys in my class are doing things to make the girls cry or angry, I am getting looks of interest from many, Rachelle's group of friends in particular. Some of my friends start to tease me as being a sissy for talking to the girls. It doesn't bother me. Many of the girls had been the subjects of my masturbation fantasies. Now they are all curious about what happened between Rachelle and me. It seems that she didn't tell them I am fucking Jessica.

Walking home from school nowadays, two or three girls often join us. They talk about all kinds of things trying get into the subject of sex. Every one of them has my interest; I keep trying to figure out how to get them alone. Jessica is my salvation every night she makes sure that my hard cock doesn't go to waste. Each day when we get home from school we go into the wood shed. Jessica has a creative mind, since she always wears a skirt or dress to school she figured out a way to get fucked standing, she leans against the woodpile. Some days we would use her pussy and others her asshole. It certainly helped me after walking home with the girls. Then at night we fuck again.

Spring is the best part of my new life. The days are longer and with the warm weather I don't have my wood chores. One Friday after school, Mary Jane, one of Rochelle's friends, asks me to walk her home. Out of all the girls she is the least appealing. She doesn't have any titties like Jessica, and is very thin. Her legs are long and gangly. She does have long brown hair that always shines in the light. Her house is a bit off the path. Over the years a path through the woods has been created as short cut.

"Neil, it is nice of you to walk me home, I know it is out of your way."

"That's ok. I will just go through the woods to our house."

"I wanted to ask you something."

"What?"

"Did you and Rachelle really do it, you know?"

"Do it?"

Mary Jane starts to blush, I know what she is curious about but I want her to tell me. What will fucking a thin girl be like? Mary Jane just turned eleven three months ago cause me and Jessica were invited to her birthday party. Her mom makes a real nice cake.

"Did you and Rachelle look at each other between your legs?"

Mary Jane's face is a deep shade of red. The question is really embarrassing to her, but she is so curious she did ask. My pecker is interested; it seems to be of equal opportunity for all girls. Mary Jane is staring at my crotch as my cock pushes outward.

"Yes we did; and a lot more. You know about sex?"

Still blushing and looking away from me she nods her head yes.

"Well, we did lots too. It feels really nice."

"Can I see your thing?"

"Sure, but you have to lift up your dress and take off your panties so I can see you."

She looks up and down the path and then takes my hand and leads me to a clump of thick bushes. Walking to the other side of the bush there is a narrow opening that seems to lead to the middle of this clump. I follow her, twigs scratching me. In the middle there is an opening, but not very big. It is obvious she has been here many times before. There is a wide board propped on two rocks that form sort of a bench to sit on. There are two pails with covers on them tucked away in the undergrowth.

"This is where I come to be by myself. Sometimes it gets really hectic at the house."

Mary Jane has four older brothers. They tease her all the time. This is likely the only spot she can be alone. Putting her books down; she grabs one of the pails and takes out an old blanket spreading it on the moss. She looks at me as she puts her hand under her dress and slips off her panties.

"Ok, it is your turn."

Standing up I unbutton my pants and drop them with my shorts. My cock is pointing right at her face. She just marvels at it. With four brothers she should have been seeing lots of cocks. She seems fascinated by mine. She lifts her dress and exposes the top of her pussy. There is no hair at all just the top part of puffy pussy lips.

"Can I touch you, Neil?"

"As long as I can touch you."

Slowly she reaches and grasps my cock. She is so gently feeling the length. I don't have that much but what I have is hard and raring to go. Usually I am fucking Jessica at this time. She will be wondering what happened to me.

"You stick that into Rachelle?"

"Yes, lots of times it feels so good."

"Would you like to stick it into me? Do you think you will fit, I am not as big as Rachelle?"

Very close examination of Mary Jane's pussy reveals she is a lot bigger than Rachelle between her legs. It is surprising that a girl so thin can have such a big pussy. Mary Jane's pussy lips are thick like moms but she has no hair at all. She smells of pussy and some pee. When I touch her puffy lips some liquid coats my finger.

"Mary Jane, I am sure my cock will fit in you. You know it may hurt a bit?"

"Hurt?"

"Yes, the first time a girl fucks it hurts. I don't know why but there is something inside of you that has to be pushed out of the way before we can really fuck."

"I don't like to be hurt, my brothers hit me all the time playing; they are so rough. Jessica says you never hurt her and if someone tries to bully her, you make sure they don't do it again. I wish I had a brother that would do that for me."

I am wondering why one of her brothers has not been fucking her like Jessica and me. They must be stupid! At this point I really want to fuck Mary Jane. Her pussy is waiting for me to push my cock deep inside.

"Well, if you don't think you want to fuck that is ok. Let's dress and I will walk you home."

"No, I want you to put your cock in me. Please. I don't care if it hurts a bit. What do you want me to do?"

"Lie on your back, lift your knees and spread your legs as wide as possible! I will get between them and fuck you."

As she arranges herself on the old blanket I remove my shoes, pants and shorts. Standing there naked from my belly button down, Mary Jane just stares at me. Her pussy is glistening with juice. She is so much bigger between her legs than Rachelle or Jessica.

Between her legs I grab my cock and point it to her pussy and lower myself. The head of my cock disappears into her then runs into the blockage like Jessica and Rachelle. I wonder if every girl has the same blockage.

Every time I thrust my cock Mary Jane's eyes open wide but she doesn't say anything. Then with a strong thrust, my cock slips deep into her. The blockage is gone.

"How do you feel? The blockage is gone."

"It hurt a bit, but now I feel funny. It feels so full."

"I like the way my cock feels. It seems like you are squeezing me."

"I don't know how, I am just laying here."

"It is because you are so tight."

Each stroke is a wonderful sensation. Mary Jane is bigger than the other girls but the inside of her pussy seems a lot tighter. Her arms encircle me and she kisses me. The sensation on my cock is fantastic. Pumping away feels good. Somehow Mary Jane has managed to cross her long thin legs over me. She squeezes me. Her eyes are closed and she grunts every time my cock goes deep. Then it happens, my cock is squirting cream. Mary Jane eyes open wide.

"I felt that, Neil. Do you do that every time?"

"I think so. Did you know we can us your asshole as well?"

She looks at me in disgust like I am lying.

"That's not true."

"Yes it is. You don't have to try it, but ask Rachelle she will tell you."

When Mary Jane dresses, a trail of pinkish cream runs down her leg. Leading me out of the bush I walk her home. She thanks me for carrying her book and whispers she wants to do it again soon. Mary Jane may be thin but she felt good under me. I assure her we will. Cutting through the woods I end up at the rear of our house. Jessica is waiting on the steps.

"You walked Mary Jane home?"

"Yes, how did you know?"

"She asked me if it would be okay for me to walk alone. Did you fuck her?"

"Yes. Do you mind?"

"No, I know lots of girls that want to fuck, but the other boys are too stupid or too rough. Did you like it?"

"Yes, she has a nice big pussy."

"You can tell me all about it later. Mom has supper ready."

After supper, the usual ritual follows, we wash dishes and mom and dad go to their bedroom. Jessica and I sit on the porch swing and cuddle.

"Neil, I really love you, you know that. I don't mind you fucking the other girls as long as you will always be with me at night."

"I promise."

During that spring and summer several girls experience their first sexual experience with me; I have to admit Mary Jane is my favorite after Jessica. She may be thin, but she loves to fuck. She learned to enjoy anal sex as well offering her spread cheeks as often as her pussy.

Over the years till the time I left the valley my cock is instrumental in taking several cherries. It certainly wasn't because of my looks, but my reputation of being kind and thoughtful seemed to spread among the young girls.

The reason for leaving is Jessica got engaged and married. I loved her so much I didn't want to be a drag on her marriage. As it turned out it was the best thing for me. I would have ended up in the coalmines like dad. As it happens I started work in the auto plants, from an apprenticeship to a ticketed millwright. My savings turned into investments. I still have the frugal values of a coal miner's family.

There have been plenty of women in my life but none of them ever measured up to Jessica. I often wonder what happened to Mary Jane. My life is measured in increments of time between Jessica's visits. We have made a pledge that if anything ever happens to her husband she will move in with me as my wife.

Staring at Jessica, her eye open, focus on me and a smile fills her face. She stretches her arm, which lifts her nipples from her body. Her breasts show evidence that she has been a mother three times with long thick nipples. Leaning over I kiss both ruby tips. Memories of draining her milk bring a smile to my face.

"Forget it; I am not getting pregnant just to feed you. You will have to be satisfied just sucking my nipples."

"Jessica, you know how much I love your milk. I was jealous of our daughters getting more than me."

"If you work your cards right you will be enjoying mother's milk from all three of them in the future. I am sure you will enjoy that. Mind you, you may have to take your false teeth out."

That comment gets us into wrestling. Soon I am on top of her with my cock buried in her pussy. Having Jessica under me is what I live for. All others don't compare to the feeling that goes through me when I fuck my sister. We are both panting after cumming when the telephone rings.

Answering it, it is Jessica's husband.

"It is for you."

"Hi John, you are calling early."

Of course I can only hear this side of the conversation. My cock is still inside of Jessica slowly shrinking.

"We were reminiscing about our childhood reliving memories we both enjoyed."

I can feel Jessica's pussy muscle squeezing my stub. She is teasing me as she talks to her hubby.

"How are the girls?"

"Yes, I plan on talking to Neil about that today. I am sure he will agree."

Now she does have me curious. Jessica say goodbye and hands me the phone. She is kissing me hugging me tight. This is something I can never get enough of.

"What were you talking about?"

"Well, I told you I want you to introduce the girls to sex. Theresa is twelve this month, a year older than when we started. All three of them want to visit their Uncle Neil. What John and I would like you to do is have each one of them visit and you can show them the schools in this area. I think they would have a better opportunity here than with the schools in Tennessee."

"All three of them?"

"No just Theresa for now, the others when they are older. You live in a good neighborhood so the schools you are supporting should be top notch. I want the girls to have the best education possible and because of you arranging scholarships they have no reason not too."

The thought of having Theresa living with me for a school year has all kinds of promise. She is my daughter unbeknown to her. She looks a lot like her mom did in her early years with the exception of boobs. I don't know what it is but young girls today seem to be developing a lot faster than they did years ago. The malls are full of young beautiful preteens parading in there current fashions. Their soft tummies exposed have me wondering how I would fare today. It is a fact that the young generation today is a lot more aware of sex than we were.

"When can I expect Theresa?"

"I was thinking about two weeks after I return home. I want you to be well rested when she arrives. She will be so excited about being in the big city. I can help you get a room ready for her. Maybe we can drive by the schools that are available to her today."

"That is a good idea because if we stay in bed much longer, we won't get out of bed at all. I really missed you Jessica."

"You are the best lover I have had Neil, and you always will be. I want the same for our daughters."

Before leaving for our tour Jessica picks out one of the bedrooms for Theresa. It is next to mine with an adjoining bathroom. The look on Jessica's face is priceless when she realizes this.

"This will be handy. What a place to start if she was to walk in on you when you are stepping out of the shower. Humm, I wish I could do it all over again."

There are actually two large schools that are possibilities. I plan on calling both schools to find out which one my property taxes support. Both appear well maintained with no graffiti on the walls and actual green grass fronting both.

Jessica does a number on my Visa by buying out two stores. Three sets of bedding with all the matching accessories, plus a small television start the purchases. I can get a new computer through work. Some of my co-workers have used the service and have been satisfied. We get a discount for the purchase.

Back at home Jessica washes the bed ware and then has me help make the bed. It does look very feminine compared to the plain items I use. Jessica sits down and makes a list of other items she thought of. Another trip to the mall for tomorrow is planned.

The balance of the two weeks is spent in bed and shopping with just enough time to eat and shower in between. Just waking up each morning with her beside me brings back my childhood memories.

Twice on the weekend we eat out as man and wife. In a large city like Detroit it is easy to blend in with the crowds, nobody taking a second glance at us.

"Jessica, I want you to know being with you is the best times in my life. I really look forward to your visits not only for sex but just to be with you."

"Well, I am hoping that you and Theresa hit off and she is able to take your mind off thinking of us."

"I am sure even if nothing happens she will keep me on my toes. A young girl living in these times is sure to be so curious after living in Tennessee."

"I am sure you will be interested in her, wait till you see the changes in her from the last time you saw her. She has really grown up. I have had to buy new bras for her every two months. You will like the changes."

The day before Jessica's return flight we spend it naked. I still enjoy tasting her pussy and asshole. She still enjoys falling asleep sucking my overworked stub of a cock. The morning of her departure anyone looking at us would think we both worked twenty-four hours straight.

"Neil, thank you for the wonderful time, it will take me two days to rest up from all the time we spent joined yesterday. John will wonder why I am so tired after being on what was supposed to be a restful vacation."

"Jessica, you know how I feel about you. I hope to see you soon."

"If not me you will in Theresa. I will telephone you with all the details."

Standing in the observation deck, I watch as Jessica's plane taxis and takes off until it is just a dot in the sky. The drive home is devastating as the realization hits me no more Jessica. Then a bright spot, Theresa and the possible scenarios have a smile on my face.

I post these stories in hopes of receiving some feedback from you, the reader. If you would like to read more of my stories, please email below telling me your thoughts about this story.

Also it is important that you vote for each story in the form provided on line at the end of each story.

Please mention your country when you write.

Don't put it off, do it today!

I would especially like to hear from any women readers.

I welcome your comments, both pro and con.

I also solicit your thoughts for Ideas for future stories.

This story is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places, and incidents either are products of the author's imagination or are used fictitiously. Any resemblance to actual events or locales or persons, living or dead, is entirely coincidental.
Your opinion is important:
Share with the others what you think about
"Dirt Poor"
     
Switch to Expanded voting form
The End

This story was written in 2003, there is no sequel at this time.

As for the unanswered questions, use your imagination.

Go to Jack Spratt1’s Blog
Posted: 2006-10-01
Home - Top   Feedback to author
