Home « DominantR's Page - Settings
Domination, Medical Style
by DominantR
Copyright© 2002 by DominantR

He sat in his office thinking about his life in general, he was alone, board, and very tired of his life. Although he had all the monetary things he had ever wanted, he wanted more, he wanted a companion but his standards were very hard to meet.

He had thought he found Mrs. Right a few months before, Jules was a nurse in his practice but as it turned out she was also a dominate and could not give up who she was for more than an evening. Although they decided it could never work out they stayed good friends and he even helped give "physicals" to her soon to be subs. She had suggested going to some parties to meet someone but he did not want to go public with his lifestyle, she also suggested an online ad, which he now was willing to try. It was 6:00 pm, all of his employees had gone home so he went to his private office and hit the icon for his online server. As the server was being dialed he went to a door off his private office and unlocked it. As he opened the door and looked in, his mind filled with scenes from the past, this room was the same as any other examination room except the only way in or out was from his private office. The table also had a few extras making it easy to bind someone down for unhindered examination. This room had been used a few times for his "private" examinations for both himself and Jules. As these memories past before him he heard the greeting announcing he was online so with one more look he closed and locked the door, went to his computer, and started preparing his ad;

"Dominate wm doctor iso sub female." He went on to give details and his web address, when he was done and had proof read it he submitted it and went home.

Sheryl was at her wits end, the bills were piling up and no temporary secretary jobs were available let alone permanent ones. She had broken up with her boring boyfriend months before and was ready for a change, she just had no idea what kind of change she needed so as she sat there looking at first job openings and then personal ads she was surprised when she read an ad from an out of state doctor. Although she had never been heavily into bondage she had tried it a few times and did enjoy it, what worried her most was going to a different state to meet someone who had openly admitted to liking bondage. She had nothing holding her here but wasn't sure so she went to bed thinking of the idea.

The weeks went by slow for him, he had had a few responses to his ad but the only one that seemed right was looking for money and although he would not have a problem with helping his sub he did not like the idea of paying for each session. So as he looked at a few more responses he found one that seemed to be it. As he wrote down the address he began to prepare a response, thinking for a long time he decided to go for it typing; "I would like to talk to you, if you are what you say you are I believe we can move forward, please send me your phone number and let me know if you will be home on Wed. at 7:00pm." He signed off wondering if this was to good to be true.

It had been 3 days since she had responded and hadn't heard back, she started to wonder if she had made a mistake but then again if he didn't answer her it wouldn't matter. As she checked her mail there it was, an uneasy feeling went through her and she debated deleting it without reading but knew she couldn't so she opened and read it and decided to answer back. She gave him her phone number and said yes to the time. All that she could do now was wait.

The clock said 6:59 as he picked up the phone and started to dial the number, he already had checked on where the phone number was so he knew which area of which state she was located in. As the conversation went on both began to relax a little, there was no talk of sex, bondage or anything else just small talk about each other. They agreed to talk again and set up a time and date. As he hung up he thought he had a good chance.

They had talked a dozens of times in the past month, he had told her what he was looking for and she what she was looking for, she had sent him her photo and he was satisfied with what he saw. This was going to be the night he found out if she was serious, this was the night he asked her to fly out and meet him. As he picked up the phone he collected his thoughts.

"Hello"

"Hello Sheryl, we have talked and know what the other wants and expects now I feel it is time to meet. Are you ready to come out here and meet in person, are you ready to try the life of submission I have offered?"

"I don't know, I want to but am scared"

"I understand but you knew from the start what you were doing, I have told you from the beginning exactly what I expect and plan on, although I enjoy speaking to you on the phone I do not want to keep this a phone only relationship, if we are to continue you need to make the commitment to meet me and I in return will keep my word"

"Ok, I will"

"Good, I will set up a flight for one week from today, I will have a room at a hotel and transportation set up and paid for you, but in return I have a few rules for you to follow, remember what I told you, in a relationship such as this it is up to you to follow my rules both when I am there and when I am not. If you do not follow my rules when I am not there I will never know but I can guarantee that this will not work. If you are serious about being a sub you must commit 100% to that"

"Ok what do I have to do"

"First when we hang up I want you to take a bath and shave all body hair off. Every morning from now on I want you to do the same thing. You also will not masturbate or do anything else to have an orgasm, do you understand and agree to these rules?"

"Yes"

"Good one more thing when you pack for your trip pack any toiletry items you might need along with one extra white button down blouse, nylons and blue skirt. When you dress for your trip you will wear only a white button down blouse, nylons, a blue skirt and shoes, you may wear earrings and a necklace if you like but "NOTHING" else."

"Ok"

"I will e-mail you your travel agenda, I am looking forward to meeting you"

"As I am you"

"Good, goodbye and remember it is you that must make sure my rules are followed when I'm not there"

"Ok I will"

And with that he hung up, she sat for a moment letting it all sink in wondering if she had made a mistake or not. As unsure as she was she was determined to follow his orders as he had told her so she went and poured herself a bath.

She finished and, as she looked in the mirror at her naked reflection, she noticed how naked she really was without any pubic hair. She had never shaved herself there before and had to stop several times while shaving to let herself calm down, all she could think of was how badly she needed to cum and how he had told her she couldn't. There was no way she could sleep through the night without some sort of relief she thought, even now she was so wet she could see and feel herself leaking down her leg but she must keep her promise. So she went to bed and forced herself to keep her hand away from her sex.

As she departed the airplane she wondered what he would look like, what he would say or do. The flight had been nice but even the service of the first class section was lost on her, she had never been so nervous in her life. She looked around the terminal and suddenly a man dressed like in a black tux walked up to her

"You are Sheryl" it was more of a statement than a question

"Yes"

"I will be your driver, please follow me" and with that he walked towards the exit. As the driver held the door open for her she looked inside the limo expecting to see him but no one was inside. "Where is he" she asked the driver

"I only know I am to pick you up and take you to your hotel, then tomorrow I will pick you up at 8:00 in the morning and take you to a doctors office." Her head was spinning as they arrived at the hotel, is this some sort of game or trick? The driver opened the door up, took her small bag and went to the desk to check her in; all she could do was follow. As the bellhop took her bag and opened up the room she was beginning to wonder if she should go back to the airport and go home. Inside she found the most luxurious room she had ever seen, this must be the best room in this city she thought, she saw a large bouquet of flowers with a letter attached to it, she smelt the flowers and opened the envelope:

"Welcome Sheryl, hope the flight was good, You will find anything you need within this hotel and everything can be charged to your room. Room service will bring you your food if you would like or you can go down to the restaurant and eat. Tomorrow the driver will pick you up at 8:00am and bring you to my office, tell the receptionist you are Sheryl and have an appointment to see Jules she will take care of the rest. You will be given a blood and urine test as well as a few other medical checkups, this is necessary for me to insure you are clean and healthy, I regret having to do this but in this day and age I believe you know as well as I do you can't be to careful. Just so you know I have also taken the same tests and will, if you like, show you the results. We will not meet in person until the test results are back which will be the day after tomorrow. I will call you tomorrow night so take tomorrow to see the sites; the limo and driver will be at your disposal. Remember all rules are still in effect also you will follow all instructions from Jules, my nurse, as if they were my own. I have left a wakeup call for 6:30 in the morning so you will have time to eat and get ready. At breakfast drink only one cup of coffee (or tea if you prefer) and two glasses of water then do not use the bathroom till you get to the office. Have a good evening."

"How dare he" she thought, but realized he was right, in this day and age you couldn't be too careful. She looked around "well at least I'll live like a queen for awhile."

At 6:30 the phone rang, after she answered the wakeup and collected her thoughts she went to making sure she was perfect for the day, after breakfast she entered the limo and it took her to the doctors office. She told the receptionist she had an appointment and looked around hoping to get a glimpse of him, as she sat down she tried to keep from squirming but she really had to pee bad, it had been nearly an hour since she had drank the coffee and water. The door opened and the nurse asked her to follow she followed until they came to a scale "please step on the scale"

"Could we do the pee sample first I really have to go"

"We will get to that a lot faster if you do what your told and get on the scale." Sheryl was startled by her harsh treatment but remembered the note and how she was to follow all instructions as if they were his, "I can't flunk my first real test," she thought as she stepped onto the scale. After the height and weight were recorded she followed the nurse to a small bathroom "remove your blouse and skirt, you can leave the nylons and shoes on if you want" and started to leave to go into another room. She asked why and the nurse told her to just do what she was told, she decided if it meant her relieving herself before she either popped or had an accident she would do it. She had undressed when the nurse returned with three cups and placed one in the holder on the toilet, she then put on two surgical gloves and said "you will fill each cup until I say stop you will then get up, let me put another cup down and wait until I say start, if you do not stop when I tell you to I will make sure you regret it, now sit." She was so mad and so embarrassed she was about to cry, here she was naked and completely shaven with this bitch telling her when she could and could not pee, to top it off she had no choice but to do as she was told and the combination of emotions were making her nipples and clit harder than she could imagine. She sat down trying hard not to look at the nurse "start." The flow started "Stop," she tried not to scream as she stopped the flow holding her eyes shut with tears starting down here cheek "stand up now" she stood up and watched the nurse pick the cup up and replace it with another. Again she sat, started to pee was told to stop and stand up, she didn't know if she could take it again but sat and started the process again. As she stood up the third time she expected the nurse to cap this bottle as she had done the other two and tell her to finish but instead the nurse turned around to the sink and poured the bottle out, she then replaced the cup and told her to sit "why in the hell did you do that?" she was furious.

"Because I can, and I will until I decide to stop."

Sheryl could not believe this, she was about to sit when the nurse grabbed her chin and looked her in the eye

"You have a lot to learn about being a sub and I am going to help the doctor teach you, I will be the one preparing you to meet him tomorrow if the tests come back ok so you had better do what I say when I say and how I say or your life will be a living hell, remember you came here of your own free will and don't have a way home."

Her last statement hit home, she was right she was thousands of miles from home with no money and not knowing anyone. She sat down and filled the bottle what seemed like a thousand more times until the nurse finally told her to sit and finish without putting the cup in place. When she was done the nurse told her to get dressed and follow her, she drew blood and told her she was free to go. Once outside the driver asked if she wanted to see the town she said no she wanted to go back to the hotel.

He had watched as she came in and as she got on the scale, she was beautiful, 5'5" 104 pounds, and blond hair she would do nicely. He picked up the receiver and called her room

"I saw you today, you are more beautiful in person than I had hoped"

"Why did you tell her about my being a sub and what did she mean by helping you teach me"

"Today was a test, she is herself a dominant and today and tomorrow morning she will be helping me, you see part of being a sub is obeying orders without question, if I tell you you are to take orders from her you are obligated to do so. You will find a lot of satisfaction in what we will do together and you will also find some things are not as satisfying but they go together"

"I don't want to see you tomorrow, I want to go home now"

"You are upset and I understand that but you knew in advance what I expected of you"

"You never said anything about another woman using me"

"She only started your training, she did not use you, I can not get you a flight tonight so you are stuck here until tomorrow anyway but think about it tonight and I will call you tomorrow morning if at that time you still do not want to meet me I will get you a flight home, but I do hope you will at least give me the chance to meet you and show you the pleasure you came here for"

"Not if she will be there"

"She will be there, this is a very important part of your training, and you came here to experience what it is to be a sub, do not leave until you really find out, give me the chance to show you the good as well as the bad. You decided you needed a change in your life and that is why you're here, stay and let me help you change."

"I'll think about it"

"Good please do, I will call you in the morning" And with that he hung up hoping she would change her mind.

She lay in bed thinking, trying to decide what she would do. She wanted to go to him tomorrow, to finally meet him but she was afraid and mad. She knew she would have to undress and follow the orders of that nurse and did not want to be humiliated again, at the same time knowing she would have to submit to that humiliation somehow turned her on. Could it be she wanted it, needed it, she had decided she would go. As she thought of being nude in front of both the nurse and him she began to rub her clit without even knowing she was doing it. She had worked herself into a frenzy about to come when she realized what she was doing and stopped herself just as her orgasm started. It took everything in her to not finish herself off, she was a mess, she went and took a cool shower, which didn't help much and finally went to sleep.

The phone rang, she wondered where she was, and she hadn't gotten much sleep and was groggy. As she thought of this, while her mind was clearing, she picked up the phone

"Have you made a decision?"

"Yes, I have decided I will meet you, I need to meet you" she thought about the last part and scolded herself for giving that up.

"I can't tell you how glad I am to hear that, I will have the car pick you up at 8:00 again, I will be waiting in anticipation for you, tell the receptionist the same thing as yesterday ok"

A jolt went through her when he said that, knowing she would have to give herself up to the nurse again "I have to go to your office again?"

"Yes, I have to work today but want to meet you as soon as possible so well do it here."

And with that it was set, she went to the bath and began to ready herself for the meeting paying close attention to shaving her pussy. She was so nervous she couldn't eat and decided not to drink anything just in case.

She told the receptionist of her meeting and took a seat, it seemed like an eternity before the nurse opened the door but was only two or three minutes. The nurse smiled as she opened the door, she allowed Sheryl to walk in before moving past her and down the hall, "follow me." They went by the small bathroom and blood work room down the hall to a door that said "employees only," on the other side of the door there was another hall, dimmer lights than the outside and a large lunch room at the end, before this room they turned down another short hall and into a large office. As Sheryl waited while the nurse used a key to open another door she looked around and saw medical books medical diplomas and a large desk with a computer beside it, the sound of the lock turning and door opening brought her attention back to the nurse, she followed her inside as the door closed behind her. As she was looking at what appeared to be an examination room she heard "remove your clothes, all of them this time." She began to undue the buttons of her blouse; next she unhooked the clip holding her skirt on and then removed her nylons and shoes. "Have a seat on the table with that pretty little butt right here" she patted a spot right at the end of the examination table. Moving to the table she sat in the spot. "The doctor told me you didn't like our little encounter yesterday."

"No I didn't"

"What didn't you like, having to follow my orders or having to show your pretty little body to me?"

"Both I guess, and the fact that you made me pee in that cup more times than I needed to"

"Well my dear, like I said yesterday you have a lot to learn. Now I am going to attach these to the table, you will put your legs on them, lie back, and put your hands above your head. You will not move or speak unless you are told to, do you understand?" She watched as Sheryl nodded her head yes and then began putting the leg supports in place. They were padded steel, one on each corner of the table going from table height to about four inches higher. They went outward and bent at where the knee would hit, just above the knee and at the ankle were leather straps to secure each leg to the brace. As soon as they were locked in place she told Sheryl to put her legs onto them then watched as she laid back and put her hands up. Jules looked at her for a moment before she went to one of the cabinets and started placing the items she needed onto a rolling surgical tray, she wheeled the tray to Sheryl's side and began strapping her down.

Sheryl was now terrified as she placed her legs onto these things and laid back, she knew she would be totally exposed and helpless in this position and could not see what the nurse had put on the tray. The nurse started with each ankle binding them down so they were not tight enough to cut off the blood flow but tight enough so she could not move. She then put straps on each thigh, one across her stomach, and two on her arms, one above the elbow and one at the wrist. Sheryl was panicking as the final strap went in place, she had never been so vulnerable in her life and now she was in front of a female with a man she had never met about to join them every doubt she had ever felt was going through her mind right now. Jules sat on the table next to her, brushed the hair away from her face and said "you are now ready to meet your new master, remember, do not make a sound unless told to." And with that she walked out the door. Sheryl lay there struggling in vain for what seemed like years before she heard a key opening the door, she froze and watch as it opened watching first the nurse and then him walk through.

"Doctor I would like you to meet Sheryl"

He walked up to the table and looked in her eyes, she was mesmerized; he had eyes that told her everything. She felt as though his eyes could see into her or through her if he wanted but they weren't cold, just solid and steadfast "hello Sheryl, I have been looking forward to meeting you, is there anything you would like to ask me or say before we begin?"

"Begin what" she thought to herself but just shook her head no. "Ok I do have a few questions for you, you will answer my questions directly and truthfully. Do you remember how I talked about doing as I said even when I'm not there?" She nodded her head, "well honesty when answering my questions is the same, no matter what you believe the outcome to be you must tell me the truth and I in return will always tell you the truth and be strait forward, does that make sense to you?" again she nodded her head "good now the first question is did you follow my instructions? And before you answer let me clarify, did you get up each morning and shave all body hair like I told you? Did you masturbate or do anything else to have an orgasm?" She thought about the last part before she answered

"Every morning I got up and shaved all of by body hair off just like you told me to" she hesitated just long enough for him to intervene.

"Good, but you did not follow all of my rules did you?" It was not a question, it was a fact and she knew it, she looked toward the nurse at the side of the table but he grabbed her chin and pulled her back, looking into his eyes she knew she couldn't lie, he could see through her and she began to cry. "You will look at me and nothing else. Do not start crying, I asked you a question and expect an answer."

"No I didn't" she choked out through the tears "it was an accident, I'm sorry"

"Tell me what happened"

"Last night I was thinking about what happened yesterday and what might happen today, I was just laying there thinking about it when I realized what I was doing, and I stopped when I realized it"

"Did you come?"

"No, I stopped myself before I did"

"Very well, you did disobey me and for that you will be punished but you also stopped yourself and, most important you told me the truth, for that you will be rewarded "Jules, 1 sample and then 10 for punishment, Sheryl you will look into my eyes, you will not close them or look away, you will not speak or even make a sound is that clear?" she nodded her head yes wondering what the nurse would do to her. It was only seconds until she found the answer, Jules has something, probably a feather, and started at the right side of her clit slowly creeping down the right side of her now swollen and open lips down to the bottom then back up to the right side. It was agonizingly slow and sent shocks of electricity through her, she was more sensitive down there than she could ever remember and that tickling sensation along with her pent up sexual desire was driving her mad, she started to close her eyes but fought to keep them open. By the time the feather had made its way up the right side of her clit she was bucking, panting and doing everything in her power to keep her eyes open and on his and not to scream "just so you know if you close your eyes, look away, make a sound, or cum the count will go back to zero and ten more will be added, that was one but only a sample one when she starts again it will not stop unless you make her start over or she reaches ten do you understand?"

She was breathing so hard she couldn't answer, there was no way she could deal with that ten times and follow his rules but she knew if she didn't it would last forever because she couldn't handle ten extra.
Your opinion is important:
Share with the others what you think about
"Domination, Medical Style"
     
Switch to Expanded voting form
The End
Posted: 2002-01-21
Home - Top   Feedback to author
