Home « Hornymother's Page - Settings
Dominant Genes
by Hornymother
Copyright© 2007 by Hornymother
?
Copyright© 2004

Richard had left his friends house and walked home hoping to find no one home. He as disappointed to she his a carol there. His aunt carol was an utter bitch to him. She always mad fun of him and if he ever did something wrong mocked him with "Well you can tell he's Dan's kid alright."

Obviously she had no love for Richard's father either. His mother would always playfully add "Oh stop Carol" and ignore the teasing. What added to Richard's dislike of his aunt was her "Golden Boy" son, Blake. Blake and Richard were both the same age 15, but were worlds apart.

Richard hadn't really gone through puberty yet and was still short. He was thin with no muscle on his small frame. The other thing that was embarrassing to Richard was that he had no pubic hair yet. When they changed for gym he sometimes looked at the other boys and noticed that he was the only one. He always changed in the bathroom to hide his shame.

Blake was at the opposite end of things. He was blond and starting to add muscle. His mother never failed to mention how many girls kept coming around for him or how good his grades were. Which no matter how hard Richard tried never came close to the perfect Blake's. On the whole they were complete opposites in everyway with the blonde Blake always on top.

So it was with his head hung low that he entered the house. Prepared somewhat for the verbal abuse that he would no doubt receive. But they were not there to bash him as he entered.

"God I hope that I can sneak to my room without being noticed," he thought with new hope.

He wasn't sure where everyone was, their house was a small one and not much room for hiding people, but he didn't care as long as he wasn't teased.

Creeping to his room he heard his aunt Carol's harsh berating voice.

"That's right sweetheart so her what a real man looks like."

This caught the 15 year old off guard and peeked his interest. Changing coarse he crept passed his room and approached his parent's room.

"Oh my look at that. It's huge." His mom said.

"That's our genes sister. Not that pathetic lump's. How does that make you feel DAN?"

.

"Come on Dan. How does that make you feel to know that my 15 year old has a bigger cock than you?"

.

"Ahh, Dan it's ok, I always knew you were a pussy, Ha! Ha! HA!"

Richard crouched at the door frame heard not only his aunts laughter but also his mothers and he guessed Blake's.

Looking into the room he saw a sight that would mark him to his dying days.

Standing at the foot of the bed was Blake. He was naked and erect. It hurt his ego to admit that Blake was MUCH bigger than him. He stood in and arrogant pose as he stroked his big cock while looking at Richard's mother.

Carol stepped up behind her son and ran her hands down his muscled chest.

"Doesn't he make you wet just looking at him Suz?" Carol asked her sister as her hands descended below her son's waist.

Richard watched his mother blush and turn her head slightly. She was sitting on the far side of the bed dressed in a white shirt and short black skirt and had applied make up to her face as if she was going out for a special occasion.

Richard watched as his mother returned her gaze to Blake's engorged cock as his own mother slowly stroked him.

"It makes you wet doesn't it sis?" She asked again pressing her body firmly against her son as she stroked him.

"Yes," his mother said in a small voice.

Richard heard a noise and peered into the corner against the same wall as the door. He saw his father there. Dan Macallister was rounded man. Over weight and balding his son found him at his lowest moment. Dan Macallister was seated the soft chair, that usually sat at his mothers dresser, and he was naked as a jaybird! As Richard comprehended his father's state he noticed more than he wanted to. Not only was his father naked but also it appeared that he had a pair of woman's pink panties stuffed in his mouth.

His hands were also tied to the arms of his seat with two of his ties. The last thing the self-conscious boy noticed was that his father had an erection. It stood as proudly as it could, all 4 inches of it, and appeared to have a metal ring around it. Richard wondered if his own small penis would ever surpass his fathers.

Talking brought his attention back to the other three people in the room.

"It's ok Dan won't mind." His aunt Carol said as her hands worked at the buttons of his mother's blouse.

"No it's not right." His mother said, but the fact that she removed her hands to allow her sister to easily unbutton her shirt spoke more than her words.

"It's ok, just a little peek. After all fair is fair. Isn't that right son?" Carol asked her son.

"Yea mom, fair is fair Aunt Susan," Blake added more interested as each button came undone.

"Just a little peek." His mother said gazing up to Blake's face before returning her hungry eyes to his large cock.

"Here Suz" Carol said pulling her sister to her feet.

"Let's move over here where Dan can watch too."

"No, please does he have to?" his mother said hesitating.

"Oh sweetheart it's alright. Dan will love it." Carol said stroking her sister's face soothingly.

Richard watched as his mother moved to the other corner of the bed directly in front of his naked father.

As Carol led her sister past Blake he stepped forward slightly and touched his blood engorged cock against his aunt's hip leaving a pearl of precum behind.

"Oh," Richard watched his mother moan out as her nephew made contact with her.

Carol smiled at her son.

Sitting on the corner of the bed Susan couldn't look at her husband. Carol noticed this and moved to block his view of his "wife".

"Mmmm you love so sexy Suz." Carol said to her sister.

"Are you ready to give Blake a little peek now."

Susan looked over to Blake as he slowly stoked his cock as he watched his mother and aunt. Her eyes still burning she just shook her head slowly.

Carol slowly pushed the garment off her shoulders revealing Susan black lacey bra.

Dan noticed that it was the special push up bra that he had bought her a Christmas ago in hops of a sexy night together. It came with matching panties that he hoped she wasn't wearing now, for this, as she had never worn them for him.

Richard watched his aunt push her shirt off his mom's shoulders and bare her breasts. The way her bra lifted her tits made her look enormous.

"Oh Suz what a pretty bra, did you wear it special today?"

She shook her head in response.

"Say it Suz, we all know."

"Yes," she said in a small voice.

"What?" Carol asked prompting her sister to speak up.

"Yes," she said louder this time. The word shot through her husband's heart.

"Did you wear it special today for your husband or my son?"

Looking up at Blake's beautiful face Susan said "For Blake." Turning back to her sister "I wore it for your son."

"You got all dressed up today for my son?" Carol teased more from her sister.

"I wanted him to think I'm beautiful." She said looking at Blake again.

Almost on cue Blake slipped in front of his mother to kneel at his aunt's feet.

"Oh aunt Susan, you are beautiful. I've always thought you were." He said running his hands up her thighs to her hips.

"You did?" his mother asked a bit startled.

"Of course, your one of the most beautiful women that I have ever seen."

Susan smiled at this and hugged the boy to her chest. It would have been a sentimental moment had she not pressed his head to her naked cleavage or his cock twitch as she did so.

Carol's pussy flooded. She loved the power that she felt flowing through her. Everything was going as planned. Looking at her sister's wimp of a husband she decided to tease him even more.

Bending to whisper in his ear she said, "Are you watching pussy? I made sure you got a good seat." She ran her painted nails along the fat mans lightly haired, sweaty chest.

"My son is going to FUCK YOUR WIFE." She said with special inflection on the last part.

"Oh he's going to fuck her real good while you watch and shoot his big, manly load, deep in her pussy. Mmmm it makes me wet just thinking about it."

The more she taunted the man the harder her nails raked his flesh, until deep red scratches crisscrossed his chest.

The three family members watched as Blake looked up into his aunt's eyes.

"Can I kiss you?"

Susan Macallister bent her head and shared a soulful, incestuous kiss with her nephew.

Everyone looked on as the erotic display played out before them.

Breaking the kiss Blake kissed under his aunt's chin eliciting a moan of desire from his aunt. He kissed again before moving his lips to her collarbone and placing another sensuous kiss on her bare flesh. His hands rose to her breasts and gently massaged them trough her bra as his mouth descended lower.

As she felt his hot breath on her chest Susan's head began to swim. She had never been filled with this much desire for another person. Even her wedding night, which she had anticipated for years, paled in comparison to the desire she felt now. Her heart beat loudly in her ears drowning out even her own thoughts. Light headed she fell back on her marriage bed surrendering to her nephew.

Blake rose over his aunt and slipped both hands gently under her back. Unsnapping her bra was simple after all the training his mother had put him through. He stood over his aunt and gently slipped the black arm straps of her bra down her smooth pale shoulders.

"He's going to fuck her Dan," Carol whispered into her brother-in-laws ear. There wasn't a more erotic sight that she could think of. It could only get better if her nephew was here.

"Speak of the devil." She said to herself as she caught sight of the crouched boy huddling at the door, It made her clit throb to see him there watching her son conquer his mother.

"The shows just getting started little one your just in time," she thought to herself.

Blake had removed his aunt's bra and looked down at her bare chest. Her tits were the same size as his moms, capped with perfectly sculpted, hard little nipples. He ran his hand across her chest feeling her hot skin against his palm.

"Agh," his aunt moaned out pressing her flesh against his hand.

Blake ran his hand down her belly, watching in undulate with his touch.

Knowing where he would go next, Susan spread her thighs.

Blake smiled as his aunt opened her legs for him. He hooked them around his back and leaned over he body, pressing his hot, pulsing cock against her aroused sex. Bare chest to bare chest, hard cock to soft pussy, they kissed again.

Moaning out around his mouth Susan ground herself against her underage nephew. The coupe grew hot and sweaty as they kissed and ground against each other.

Sensing that his arousal was getting out of control Blake broke away from his aunt.

She looked up pleadingly with him, hoping that he would come back into the embrace with her.

Smiling at her he slide his hands under her skirt, up her hams and around to her ass, where he squeezed and massaged her.

"Ugh oh," his aunt moaned closing her eyes and allowing her nephew to do as he pleased.

Her skirt fell away from her and allowed a clear view of how the boy massaged the older woman. Holding her up with his left hand, Blake pressed the black material of his aunt's panties against her soft pussy. He made slow circles, massaging her clit through the material that made the woman pant and moan.

Blake kept massaging as his aunts moans turned to whines. She ground her cunt against his fingers whining and blowing short bursts of air through her nose.

"Cum for me Auntie."

Susan began to twitch under the boys constant teasing of her clit.

Whining she hunched against Blake's fingers and squeezed with her legs. Her orgasm was coming on with a force she had never before experience. She had always been quiet during her and her husbands love making but something snapped in her and she cried out now.

"Ahhhh yes, yes, ahhh," she whined out in a shrill voice.

Her eyes fluttered open for a moment and she say her husband bound and gagged, watching as she experienced the most profound orgasm of her life. Her mouth hung open as she slowly relaxed her eyes closing again.

Susan lay back on her bed wallowing in the feelings coursing through her body. She felt warm all over and a sense of satisfaction. It was several moments before she realized what was happening to her before a smile spread over her face. Looking down between her thighs her nephew was alternating between taking long licks of her soaked vagina and firmly planting his face against her and truly eating her. She spread her thighs and pulled her knees up to her chest. Giving the Golden boy between her legs better access to her honey pot.

Dan watched as his wife of 15 years just gave a throaty moan before sinking back on their marriage bed running her fingers through their nephew hair as he ate her pussy. He felt even less of a man now. He knew that she had just had a tremendous orgasm. Of the like he had never seen, and know their teenage nephew was skillfully licking her vagina, something that he could never seem to do right. Looking down in shame he couldn't deny that all of this excited him though. It made him sick as if he would throw up to want what was happing on the bed to continue.

Carol circled the room, naked now, recording all that transpired between her son and sister on her portable camera. It was very hard for her not to either jump on the bed with the two lovers of just watch and frig her clit. She also made sure to quickly catch Richard in many of her shots as she filmed the deviant behavior going on in the room.

"God so good." Susan moaned out as the boy continued to lick. Another orgasm was fast approaching. She had never cum twice with a man in her life and here she was about to cum twice with her nephew and he hadn't even slipped that big cock of his up in her yet. It filled her with boundless joy.

"I love you," she said to the boy licking her drooling flower.

She didn't mean for the words to come out, but they bubbled to the surface and flowed from her before she knew what she was saying. It scared her to think that they were true.

Her cares were washed away as Blake fucked two fingers into her wet opening sending her over the edge again.

When she finally calmed down she looked to the "man" between her legs. He had given her more pleasure than any other man in her life. New feelings of devotion coursed through her. Lovingly she reached down and caressed his face.

Blake stood between his aunt's legs and leaned over her willing body.

Susan's legs came up in and locked around him in perfect rhythm, like they were natural lovers. She felt the bulbous head of his cock prod at her slick opening.

"Ahh," she said at the contact. Running her hands down his muscular back to his taunt as she reveled in his contact.

Then she noticed her husband sitting there. Panties in his mouth tied and whipped. She could see he eyes pleadingly looking in her direction. She felt nothing though. Not betrayal, not any feeling about what she was about to do. It all felt right.

Blake rubbed his hard cock against the soft, fleshy opening of his aunt's cunt. She bucked against him as he teased her trying to get him in her. He just smiled and continued to tease.

Carol stood over the two recording it all with her camera.

"Do you want his cock in you Suz?" she asked.

"God yes, it so big." She moaned out circling her hips trying to trap his cock in her hole.

"Ask him, ask my son to fuck you. To fuck your pussy real good while your pussy husband watches."

"Will you fuck me Blake?" Susan asked the boy.

"No," he answered.

Susan was stunned. He couldn't do this. Not now, she needed it so bad. It was cruel to deny her.

Smiling he looked down at his aunt. Tears welled in her eyes. At that moment he could have asked for anything and she would give it to him.

"I want to mate with you."

Confused she looked to her sister.

"Are you going to let him sis? Hmm, you gunna let my son pound his big bull cock up you and breed you. Plant his young virile seed in your tummy as your husband watches?"

Blake rubbed the taunt pearl of her clit making her jerk.

She knew that this was coming. She knew deep down it had been coming for months. The gentle prodding's, the questions, her missing diaphragm and birth control pills. Her sister had planned this for so long and now she had her.

"Blake, will you knock me up?" she knew it was what she wanted too.

"Are you sure?" Blake asked teasingly

"Oh god Blake fuck me. Fuck me and plant your baby in me. Show me what a real cock feels like. Show my fucking husband what a woman looks like when she is fucked by a real man and then breed me in our marriage bed."

Dan watched as Blake took that big cock of his and aimed it right at the entrance of his beautiful wife's very wet, open sex. His heart was crushed at her words but his cock pulsed as he watched Blake's cock slip into her body.

Susan spread her thighs as far as they could go. Submitting herself to her nephew completely. The head of his large cock slipped into her tight hole and sent a wave of fear through her. It wasn't fear for her marriage or family but could she take her nephews cock after her small husband.

Carol recorded it all. Inch after inch of her sons large cock clipped up in to her sister's wet hole. Waiving her own slick cunt at her brother-in-law she couldn't help but taunt him as she slipped her middle finger in. After this she would need to get off real bad. Maybe she would make him eat her, or better yet maybe she should take Richard. Her mind instantly filled with images of dominating the little boy and making him her property.

"Mmmm yea that's it." She thought

Susan lay beneath her lover as he slowly pushed his cock inside her willing body. He stretched her pussy to its limits but no more, as if he was made perfectly for her. As their pubic bones touched she knew that today she would truly understand what it was to have sex. She would be a virgin no longer. She felt Blake slide out before driving back up into her. All the air expelled from her lungs with the power of his thrust. Every inch of her pussy caressed his cock as he pushed back into her wet opening, a perfect fit.

Blake fucked his aunt with the full length of his cock. His powerful thrusts made his aunts tits shake each time he drove home. Her face was beat read and he knew that he would send her off again. He gripped her throat with his right hand and pounded into her more roughly.

"Tell me you love me again bitch."

"God I love you." Susan moaned out as he fucked her.

"I'm gunna mate you and collar you just like a dog. You want that?"

To Susan's lust filled mind it sounded perfect. She would submit to anything that he wanted.

"Yes anything, anything you want." She panted

The boy grinned and banged hard into his first slave. His mother had trained him for dominance and he had selected his first kennel dog, is own aunt. He looked at his uncle in the corner "what a wimp," he thought in disgust.

"Mom I'm gunna do it in her" the boy called out.

Carol reacted quickly. Focusing the camera on her sister she asked " You want his cum honey?"

"Oh please! Please cum in me Blake and give me a baby." She whined in response

"Look your husband in the eye and tell him what you want." Carol demanded.

"I want his cum Dan. I want him to cum deep in me and make a woman out of me. I want to give him a child, I want him to breed with me like an animal."

The tortuous words that his aunt moaned out to her husband were music to his ears. They registered right down into his balls.

"AHHHH YES!" he yelled out driving his cock into his aunt and pinning her to the bed as he began to spurt.

Rope after rope of milky white cum spat from his cock deep into the recesses of his aunt's cunt. The trill of breeding with her lent such steam to his orgasm that he came in such volume that he never experienced.

Susan came with him, with the same knowledge that he was breeding with her. He wasn't having a baby together, she was submitting to him totally and she found it thrilling. Looking at her husband as she accepted her nephew's seed she could fathom how they had ever wound up together. She slumped back on her bed as Blake finished cumming in her. She kissed him and held him close as he rested on top of.

They lay like that for a few moments and she stroked his hair and murmured softly to him. Carol tapped Susan on her shoulder to draw her attention. Rising slightly, Carol slipped the pillow in her hands under her sister's ass to keep her channel angled to keep Blake's sperm from flowing out.

Slipping quietly out of the room she snatched Richard by the scruff of his neck she forced him into his room.

"Ahhh," he screamed in surprise.

"Shut up," she growled delivering a savage blow to the boys face.

He fell to his knees, right where Carol wanted him.

"It's your lucky day dog. I have a new spot open in my kennel."

Smiling she took him by the hair on the back of his head and aimed his face at her perfectly manicured pussy.

"Lick it," was all she said to the scared boy before shoving his face to her inflamed pussy.

"Ahhh what a great day," she said smiling as the boys tongue snaked up her opening.

Remember to keep reading and use plenty of lube. As always I enjoy hearing from people who liked my stories or have ideas for new ones.
Your opinion is important:
Share with the others what you think about
"Dominant Genes"
     
Switch to Expanded voting form
The End
Posted: 2007-02-17
Home - Top
