Dora's Night
Dora's Adventure
by Amasterfound
Copyright© 2006 by Amasterfound
?

Mike was due to pick me up soon. We had made plans to go to a BDSM dungeon together tonight. We were not dating. We just liked to have fun together from time to time: BSDM fun. We had a relationship that people called "friends with benefits." I had known Mike for a long time: since before my ex divorced me. I had only known of Mike's involvement in BDSM for the past couple of years. Both Mike and I were switches. We took turns playing the Dom/Domme. Tonight, I was the Domme and he was the sub.

I was dressed in my black mini skirt and red, corset style blouse. I had on black mid-calf 3 inch high boots. I decided to forgo the panties as always. Mike would be wearing his black skin tight pants and a shirt that said "Boy Toy."

I glanced at my gold Rolex women's watch and decided to walk outside my front door. He had BETTER be pulling up within 2 minutes or else! Just as I locked the front door and walked out front, Mike pulled up in his black Corvette. I walked over to the passenger side and waited until he opened the door for me.

Mike always insisted on opening the door for me. It drove me crazy on one level; on another, I found it quite endearing. Tonight I insisted on it, since I was in charge.

"Are you ready for a night filled with fun and games?" Mike inquired.

"I sure am, but what are you suppose to call me tonight?" I returned.

"Oops, I forgot. I am required to call you 'Mistress Dora' on nights that you are in charge," Mike corrected.

"Yeah, likely excuse and I am NOT buying it," I replied.

I climbed into the car and waited until he got in to drive us to the house used for BDSM play. It was about 30 minutes from my house. After he got behind the wheel and pulled way from the curb, I glanced over at him. Mike was a very lean and muscular man. He stood about 6 feet and weighed 190. He had 8 pack abs that showed he spent hours working out. I loved his dark auburn hair with deed red highlights. He was male perfection. I looked down at his groan; he had a bulge already. That bulge was over 8 inches. It was 6 inches around the shaft. I got wet just thinking about it filling me. I inhaled the scent of his cologne: English Leather, one of my favorites. The scent suited him.

"How was the café today?" I asked.

He owned his own café. He served good home style cooking. The café was only 2 blocks from my house. I ate there on a weekly basis. My favorite was their breakfast platter.

"It was very busy. I had to fire a waitress today: Marie. She did a rather sloppy job; too many customers were complaining. Then, this afternoon, I got lucky and Stacy came in. She moved back to town and wondered if I had a position open. I, of course, said 'hell yes'! She was one of my best waitresses. I was sad to see her move. I am very glad that she is back, however. You should have heard the applause when I hired her back. She started working right away. She was eager and I, of course, needed the extra hand," Mike replied.

"Oh, cool. She was my favorite waitress. I am glad to see her back. Now, I want you to take your dick out of your pants," I instructed him.

I watched as he undid his black latex pants. He then pulled out his growing cock into my view. I loved looking at it. I could tell he was both nervous and excited about exposing himself. The idea of someone catching him turned him on. He pulled up to a red light, and I saw a truck with 2 women pulling up next to us. I decided to have a little fun with him.

"Jack off for the ladies next to you. They appear to want a show," I ordered.

I saw the look of indecision cross his face. I remained quiet and started tapping my foot, letting him know that I was not backing down. After a couple more seconds, he relented and started to jack off. The girls were staring at his cock and the show he was giving them. They then looked over at me and grinned. I just smiled and waved hello at them. When they light finally turned green, and we were able to continue, I gave him permission to stop.

"I don't know whether to be angry or pleased that you had me do that. I get such a rush at the idea of someone watching or a cop pulling us over," he commented.

"Yes, I know. That is why I do it. Besides, all the cops around here know us. They won't do anything, other than ask that you not let kids see it. They know our lifestyle and I think they enjoy the view they get from us. Don't you remember the last cop that saw me? He pulled me over, just so he could have a better view," I reminded him.

"Yeah, I remember that. I loved watching you turn red with embarrassment and get wetter at the idea of him watching you. God, you came hard that night!" he rubbed it in.

I just gave an unladylike snort and ordered him to give me a good show. I sat back the rest of the way and watched him stroke him hard cock. I loved seeing his big purple head get even bigger. We were almost to the house and I told him to zip back up. We pulled into the huge drive way and parked. I noticed a blue SUV I had not seen before. The license plate showed they were from Tennessee. I wondered who they were. Most everyone that came was a regular, so any new people or cars I noticed right away.

I waited until Mike opened my door and I led him to the front door. As we walked in, I looked around, trying to spot the newcomers. I always welcomed new members. I remembered the first time I ever came here. I was alone and VERY nervous. It helped that everyone was very kind and welcomed me. The thing that helped me the most was seeing Mike there and learning his interest in the lifestyle. He was alone that night and so was I. I came dressed as a slave and he came as a Master.

I spotted a couple over at the spanking bench. They were inspecting it. The girl was very slim and looked to be several years the guy's junior. She had auburn hair and looked very excited, as she inspected it. I could tell right away that this girl loved it when someone spanked and whipped her. I walked over to them and introduced myself to them.

"Hi, I'm Dora. This is Mike. We are switches. Tonight, I am the Mistress. We are not actually a couple, in case you were wondering, I noticed that you are new here and wanted to welcome you," I introduced us.

"Hi, my name is Jose and this is my lovely slave Debbie. We are new to town. We just moved here from Tennessee about 3 weeks ago. I just happened to hear about this BDSM dungeon from an adult toy store about 30 minutes east of here," Jose replied.

"That wouldn't happen to be the one by Mike's café, would it?" Mike asked.

"Yes, it is," answered Debbie.

"Mike here owns that café. You should stop in and try it sometime. We only live a couple of blocks away," I stated.

"Oh, WOW! We live just 4 blocks from there. Maybe we can meet up sometime. It would be a pleasure to have friends in the lifestyle near by," Jose commented.

"It's a date! Maybe we can meet tomorrow morning for breakfast! I have a craving for Mike's breakfast platter," I responded.

"Dora, you ALWAYS have a craving for my breakfast platter! Hell, you are my best paying customer! I swear you spend more at the café than you do on groceries; not that I am complaining. We do make good food and it does pay for my car," Mike joked.

"I DO NOT spend more money at the café than I do at the grocery store! It's just that it is easier to buy something already made and have good company than try to cook for 1 and eat alone!" I denied, even though I DID spend more at the café than at the grocery store most weeks.

Everyone laughed, including me. I always enjoyed making new friends. I noticed that Debbie was very submissive. She was not a bit switch. She tended to keep her eyes down, but I did catch a hint of mischief in them from time to time. She might be sub, but her eyes and demeanor spoke of being very lively. I was going to have fun playing with her. I could picture years of mischief making! It looked like Vicki and I just got a new 'partner in crime', as my best friend's husband described us.

"Uh oh, I don't like that look Dora! That usually precedes me having to bail you and Vicki out of some kind of trouble. Please tell me you aren't planning more mischief," Mike implored with a look of horror.

"Mischief, NOOOOOO, not me just a little bit of fun," I insisted.

I knew full well he would see right through it. From the look on Debbie's face and Jose's, they both saw through it too. Debbie face showed a look of hope. Jose, on the other hand, had a look that spoke of "you better behave or else". Damn, I hated that "or else" look. It was scary! Damn, his was worse than Mike's. I quickly got the subject off me.

"So, Debbie, it looks like you want to try that bench. Mike here enjoys it very much, both when he is on it and when I am on it," I replied.

I looked around and saw everyone was pairing up into groups or just couples and beginning. I had plans for Mike tonight. I wanted to watch him suck some cock, while I fucked his ass. I saw just the man across the room. Harry was a Dom and bi. He loved to have guys suck him. His cock was a good 9 inches or larger. I had seen Mike on several occasions eye it and lick his lips. I knew that he would enjoy it. Mike was bisexual, but had always been a bit apprehensive to try sucking a cock. Tonight he would not be backing out! I wanted to make his dreams come true.

"Yes, I do. I love to be spanked, flogged, and whipped. I have tried the cane a couple of times, but had a bad experience with it one time. Master is helping me overcome my fear of the cane," Debbie replied.

I noticed that she didn't use Ma'am or Mistress and wondered about that. I didn't have to wonder long.

"Debbie, you can call her Mistress or Ma'am: whichever she prefers," Jose told Debbie, and then to me he said, "I believe that not just anyone gets the respect of being called Mistress/Master or Sir/Ma'am. They have to earn it or I will judge that they are worthy of it. I can tell that you are worthy of it. Even if I see a little mischief there, I also see someone that believes that there is a line between fun and disobedience," Jose confirmed.

"Thank you, Sir; I prefer to be called Mistress Dora, if that is ok with you. I find it an honor that you are allowing her to call me Mistress. That speaks very high of you. I agree with you; not everyone gets to be treated with respect, just because they say they are Dom/Domme," I returned.

"Thank you, Mistress Dora. As Master said, it will be a pleasure having more friends. We don't know many people here and the city is so big. Maybe you can show us all the fun spots?" Debbie replied.

"I would be happy to do so. Now, why don't you too have fun? There are lots of whips and spanking devices on the wall behind you. Just help yourself. I am going to have some fun with Mike," I commented before heading over to the other side of the room to speak with Harry.

Mike and I walked over to Harry. He was alone that night. It didn't look as if he had found anyone to play with yet. That was good. I was eager to watch Mike deep throat him. As we walked over, I ordered Mike to take out his cock and stroke himself.

"Harry, are you busy with anyone tonight?" I asked

"Not yet. The person I was supposed to meet here couldn't make it. Therefore, I decided to come alone and hope to join in on some fun. I see you are here as a Mistress tonight. You need some help?" Harry answered.

"Yes, I do. How would you like to have your cock deep throated by Mike tonight, while I fuck his ass? After that, you can take his ass, too." I returned.

"Hell, yeah, I never turn down a good deep-throat," Harry grinned.

"Hey, don't I get a vote in this? This IS my ass and throat we are talking about," Mike spoke up.

"Did I get a vote the last time when you were in charge and I was triple teamed?" I retorted.

"Okay, but you know I have never explored my bisexual side," Mike remarked.

I noticed that, even though he appeared to be trying to get out of it, his cock was dripping precum. This confirmed that he looked forward to the night's events.

We led Mike into the next room, where there was another spanking bench setup. I ordered Mike to strip and watched as he obeyed. I undressed myself, and then went and got a strap-on dildo and lube. The dildo also had a vibrator attached to the thigh harness, in order to help stimulate the woman's pussy. When I got back, Mike was naked. His cock was standing straight up and leaking cum. I gestured for him to climb on the spanking bench, so we could strap him in.

Once I had him secured, I walked around him, adjusted, and tested the straps on his hands and legs. Yep, he would NOT be getting free, at least not until I chose to let him go. I then decided to go get a strap to spank him.

As I walked into the next room, I heard a VERY familiar voice. It couldn't be her! She had berated me and made me to look like a slut for having hickies. How could she be here? I stopped and listened. Yes, it was, and she wasn't very happy. I overheard her "date" tell her that he has had enough of her putting other people down, and that she was going to pay for what she has done to everyone. I made a mental note to contact her "date" and set up another punishment for her. I was still pissed at all the things she has ever said about me or to me that were hurtful.

I selected the strap, walked back to the room, and showed it to Mike. He looked at it with both fear and anticipation.

Harry walked up to Mike and told him, "Now deep-throat me. Watch out for the teeth. If you scratch or bite me, I will blister your ass. OH, YES that is the way. Go all the way down to my balls."

I raised my hand and started to spank him ass. I wanted it a nice shade of red. I was very careful not to bruise him. I was still pissed at the bitch. I didn't want to take it out on Mike. That would not be fair to him. Mike moaned around Harry's cock at this point. This appeared to please Harry, as it provided more pleasure.

After about 10 minutes of spanking Mike, I decided that he needed his ass lubed and fucked. Mike couldn't say much as his mouth was full. It brought back to memory all the times I was told as a kid "don't talk with your mouth full," though I don't think my Christian mom meant it this way.

I abruptly stopped spanking his ass, put on the strap-on dildo, and inserted the vibrator. I applied a liberal amount of Astroglide to his asshole. He flinched at the coldness of the lube, but Harry kept fucking his mouth. He clearly enjoyed the blowjob and wasn't about to let Mike stop for a little discomfort's sake.

"For a first-timer, you're a natural cock-sucker, Mike. Are you certain that this is a virgin mouth?" Harry teased and complimented him at the same time.

"I didn't say it was a virgin mouth, Harry. I just said that he has never sucked a flesh and blood cock. I love making him suck my strap-ons, getting them ready for his own ass. All that does is help him with the gag reflex. It doesn't prevent scratching a cock with his teeth, since a woman with a dildo can't feel his teeth. That takes a lot of practice or natural talent," I corrected him.

"Well, whatever it is, he's making it hard for me to restrain myself. I can't wait to experience his tight ring around my cock. Damn, Mike, I am kicking myself about not using your mouth before," he grunted.

"Now, I want you to get ready for my cock," I chuckled to myself, "Don't bite Harry! Otherwise, your ass will pay for it ASAP."

I spread his cheeks again and pushed the strap-on in rather forcefully. He didn't really mind taking it roughly, no matter how much he might complain to the contrary. I decided that I would make him wait until after Harry and I were finished, before allowing him to jack off for everyone's enjoyment. Before then, we would not allow him to cum, and if he did, his ass would really pay for it.

I thrust in and out of his ass roughly and repeatedly, while he groaned and tried to push back at me. The straps that held him in place restricted his movements, however. In about another 10 minutes, the combination of the view of his ass, the way that I fucked it, and the stimulation from the vibrator, I came very hard. After I climaxed, I then forcefully swatted his ass several times and pulled out of him.

Harry couldn't stop himself anymore, so he shot his cum down Mike's throat with a deep growl. Mike swallowed, of course, since Harry gave no chance to do otherwise. In any case, Mike had been eager to taste another man's cum for a while now. He was not about to pass up on this one.

At this point, I walked over to the side and told Harry, "Okay, his ass is all yours now. I need to sit down and rest for a little bit."

Harry grinned, as his cock had stayed hard as usual after the first orgasm. He very rarely went limp the first time. Usually, it took two times to satisfy him. Under rare circumstances, it took three.

I walked nearby and grabbed a chair. I moved it closer to them, sat down, and watched Harry getting ready to fuck Mike in the ass. I removed the strap-on and thigh harness, allowing myself to relax and enjoy the view.

I don't normally need to cum more than once in a night. Sometimes, I don't even need to cum at all. Just the sex act is enough for me.

"Oh, shit, that was a hell of a DP, not that I have a basis for comparison! Harry, that was a nice load there, buddy! How can you have more, after that big fucking load?" Mike reacted.

"It's all in my jeans," Harry grinned at his pun, before surprising Mike with his sudden entry.

Mike moaned, saying, "Damn, that's the biggest thing I've ever had in my ass!"

"Shut up, Mike, and take it like a man!" I teased him.

Mike grinned and winked at me, while Harry shoved it further up his ass. He rammed Mike repeatedly, being every bit as ruthless in doing so as I was earlier. By now, Mike found himself begging to cum, which I promptly denied. I told him that he would have to wait for a little while longer.

After 15 minutes more of this, which surprised me with Harry's stamina, he finally came in Mike's ass.

"Thank you, but I need to go see if someone needs a good flogging. My cock needs to rest anyway. You two have fun with each other. We will definitely have to do this again," Harry announced, as he walked out of the room.

I got up and walked over to Mike, who asked to be released and allowed to cum. I removed the straps and helped Mike stand up, as he was a little wobbly at this point. Once he stood firmly, I told Mike to jack off for me. I informed him that he had certainly earned his orgasm for that night.

"Thank you, Mistress," Mike grunted, as he came at last. It didn't take more than a few strokes at the most, since he had been kept horny from the moment that I got in the car.

When we had cleaned up, we headed back to the front room, where I had seen Debbie and Jose earlier. It appeared that they, too, were resting from a session of their own. I told them that we were heading out, gave them my cell number, and made arrangements for the next morning. They were about to head out too, so they asked if I had any recommendations for banana splits.

"Oh, I most definitely do! Follow us to Mike's, and we'll order their banana splits," I suggested.

"I have my ice cream made fresh daily. It's a secret family recipe. It's on the house," he declared.

What a way to end my night, with my favorite banana split, at my favorite café, I thought.