Home « eric's Page - Settings
Dr. Gina Blair Dominates A Younger Man
by eric
Copyright© 2006 by eric
?

I was a freshman honor student in Dr. Blair's Ancient Mediterranean Cultures class. The class was my favorite because of my interest in history, and because Dr. Gina Blair was about the sexiest woman I had ever seen. The lecture hall was always packed the four days a week that she lectured so I arrived early on Tuesday morning to get a seat near the front. Dr. Blair arrived right on time and began to discuss the ancient Egyptians. I took notes and tried not to fantasize too much about the sexy Gina Blair.

Dr. Blair was about 5' 10" and slender. She always wore a tasteful business suit or long skirt that I was certain concealed a set of mouth watering, shapely legs. Her breasts were slightly fuller than average tapering to a trim waist. Her neck, arms, and hands were all perfect and without blemish. Her hair was reddish brown and shoulder length set in a very elegant style, but it was Gina Blair's face that haunted my dreams. Her perfect feminine face was so pretty and was set off by dazzling blue eyes. (Bedroom eyes in my private fantasies.) I could not guess her age. Her beauty was timeless. She looked mid-forties, but I suspected she was closer to sixty.

I sat through the lecture and was surprised when she came up to me after class.

"I'd like to see you in my office about this paper," she said handing me the most recent research paper I had turned in. I followed her to her office and she shut the door behind us.

She sat behind her desk and began, "I gave you a B on that paper because your research and writing were very good, but I am very disappointed in your overall presentation. This is far from your best work."

I asked what she meant and she replied, "You wrote a paper about sexual practices among the ancient Greeks, and you completely ignored the subject of anal sex. I'd like to know why?"

"Um... I guess I thought it might be inappropriate?"

"Inappropriate... You were concerned about offending my sensibilities? What I consider inappropriate is intellectual laziness. If you are unwilling to write about a topic honestly you should choose another field of study. We must not judge other cultures and civilizations by out modern day ideas."

"I'll try to do better work next time."

"Yes. I hope you will. I was generous with your grade this time. I have decided to choose a research topic for your next project and guide you a bit so that you produce better work. I want you to open your mind and see other possibilities. Let me ask you this? Do you think it is the natural state of humans to be monogamous?"

"Um I suppose... People do tend to marry and mate for life..."

"Do they really? What about the divorce rate of nearly 50% among marriages today. Have you ever considered the fact that polygamy was the standard family form in ancient times?"

"I never gave it too much thought. There are not too many places where polygamy is practiced today."

"No. There are not... and why is that? I want you to consider something else. Wealthy and powerful men in ancient times often had several wives, but women made up less than half the population in those cultures. What do you suppose was done about the problem of all the surplus men without wives?"

"I guess they sort of did without."

Gina rolled her eyes at my stupidity and said, "The surplus men were slaves. Slaves had no property and were considered the property of the men who owned them. This form of slavery was very different from the more recent chattel slavery system of the American South. Slaves were part of the family unit in ancient times and traveled with the families." Gina paused and then asked, "In a polygamous marriage what do you suppose women did to address their sexual needs when they shared only one husband?"

"Became involved with a slave?" I offered hopefully.

"In many cases yes, but always with the husband's consent and the sexual contact could never be of a form that would lead to conception of a child if the woman was thought to be fertile. Here is the project that I want you to research. You shall write a paper about ancient slavery as it relates to human sexuality and family life in those cultures."

Gina pushed a stack of books across the desk to me. "Do you feel uncomfortable discussing sexuality?"

"No." I lied. The truth was that even thinking about sex while I was anywhere near Gina got me too aroused to think at all. She directed my attention back to the books. There was one about Philistine, and another about Babylon. I was also was surprised to see an unfamiliar translation of the Bible.

Gina noticed my surprise and said, "You seem surprised to see a Bible among the documentation. Let me ask you this. Do you know what it meant to "know" someone in the Biblical sense?"

"Not really" I replied.

"It meant to have sexual knowledge of them." Gina replied testily.

"Well. I knew that."

"Then quit avoiding the subject just because it makes you uncomfortable! The ancient laws you will find have a lot to do with your topic, for example are you familiar with the law that states that no man shall lie with another man as with a woman?"

"Yes."

"The modern interpretation of that law is that it forbids all sexual contact between men, but I can tell you for a fact that male slaves were used for sexual pleasure by other men. The practice was commonplace, acceptable, and considered perfectly legal in those times in spite of the law I just quoted. I would like you to try to discuss the true meaning of this and other laws that have been misinterpreted. Your research should reveal the purpose of ancient slavery and its sacred purpose within those cultures. I expect a much more frank and honest discussion than your previous work."

Class was clearly dismissed so I left Gina's office and went to my dorm room. That evening I began my research. I was surprised by how advanced some ancient cultures were. As I read I began to develop my thesis. The premise of my paper was that human's were complex social creatures and that human families in ancient times were structured more like packs of wolves than families today. Every wolf pack has an alpha male and alpha female who are leaders of the wolf family.

I discovered that ancient human families also had an alpha male who was the leader overall. His most favored wife was the alpha female and it was she who ran the household and directed everyone else in their duties. In some families an "alpha wife" could have as many as thirty other wives and slaves reporting to her. As with wolves there were also omega humans who were subservient. These were the slaves, both male and female, who were used for labor as needed and for gratification of the sexual needs of the rest of the family unit.

I asserted that this ancient family structure was preferable and more natural than the modern family unit and set about proving my thesis. It took a couple of weeks of diligent research before I turned my paper in to Dr. Blair. The very next day I got a phone call from Dr. Blair. She said that she was highly impressed with my paper and asked me to come to her house that same evening to discuss it. I got directions and arrived at eight pm.

She greeted me in the door in a somewhat revealing dress. It was not lingerie and she was classy as always, but she was not wearing her usual "all business" attire. I tried to keep my eyes from staring at her breasts as she directed me to a couch.

She began, "I was very impressed by most of your work. I particularly liked the fact that you considered the underlying psychological reasons for ancient family structure. I asked you to come here because I want to discuss something with you of a highly personal nature. Before I begin let me remind you that I am Dean of the history department. You will not graduate if I decide against it, and if you betray my confidence I can assure you that I will decide against you. Do you understand?"

I replied that I thought so and she sat next to me. Gina said, "I am a very dominant woman in my personal life, social life, and my sexual life. I liked your analogy to an alpha wolf. I suppose I am much like an alpha she wolf. I like to be in charge and I like to get what I want. If you believe in past lives and such I was probably one of the most favored wives who ruled a household in ancient times. I am sure that I was born this way. I have a strong desire to dominate and I find any relationship in which I am not dominant is not pleasing to me." Gina paused and then asked me, "How were you born to be? Are you dominant or subservient? An alpha or an omega?"

I sucked in a breath and replied, "I guess I tend a bit more to the omega side of things."

She stated, "I sensed that about you some time ago and I have a prediction about your life. You will never be emotionally or sexually fulfilled by a relationship with any woman who does not dominate you and give you direction. You are a very good looking man and you have much to offer to a woman." Gina leaned toward me and kissed me on the lips. The sensation was electric as her lips caressed mine and lingered. She was a much better kisser than any girl my age.

We parted and Gina said, "I can help you discover a lot about who you are and what you must do to find the ultimate pleasures in life. I hope you will seriously consider all that I teach you." Gina got up from the couch and retrieved a stack of books from a nearby table. The top book was a biography of Catherine the Great. Gina kissed me once more and pinched one of my nipples through my shirt. I was instantly aroused and fully erect inside my trousers. Gina noticed the telltale bulge as our lips parted "You have an arousal response to pain. That can be a very good thing if you manage it properly."

Gina directed my attention to the book she held. "Catherine the Great was a dominant woman with a legendary libido. She had a series of loving relationships with men referred to as her "favorites." When Catherine was over sixty her lover was a 21-year-old man from a noble family. I want you to read about her."

Gina placed the next book on the coffee table in front of us. I recognized the name "de Sade" on the cover. "De Sade was brilliant in some ways, yet some of his ideas went a bit too far. He was instrumental in showing how pain and pleasure are so closely linked. This is also a subject I want you to study."

I was speechless at the turn of events and highly aroused. Gina continued, "Let me get to the point of this discussion. I find you to be an extremely attractive man. You are not only desirable physically, but you also have emotional characteristics that would make you a nearly ideal partner for me. I have had you study slavery so that you would understand the subject when the time is right and can make an informed decision. I am going to ask you to become a slave to me. Don't answer right now. I will give you three days to study and consider what I am asking. This will be the most important decision of your life... I want you to reflect on the awesome responsibility I would have as your mistress and the trust you must place in me to become a slave. I insist on complete dominance of every aspect of a slave's life. You will worship me. Your concerns will all be secondary to my wishes. I will explore your limits sexually. You respond to pain and we shall explore this as well. I will be the one who decides how far to take you and how fast. You must trust in me completely and know that I will never injure you in any way. Only with complete trust can you fully surrender to my will.

You must always be very respectful and dignified toward me and my husband. I detest whining, complaining, and jealousy. I have sexual relationships with other young men and women. My husband is the most important man in my life and I have other slaves as well. You will accept that fact and never challenge my decisions.

I have a question about your research. I had asked you to address the issue of why the ancient law states that no man may lie with another man as with a woman. You failed to address this topic. Did you discover the reason?"

"Not really." I replied.

"The reason is to prevent slaves from forming relationships among themselves. The slaves were to be dedicated to serving the family in accordance with the wishes of the master and mistress of the household."

Gina placed the last book on the table. The title was simply Anal Sex — Traditions and Practices. Gina was silent for a few moments as I also sat in stunned silence.

Finally Gina continued, "You avoided this topic once again in your research, and yet anal sex is a very important part of the relationship for a sexual slave. You must read this book in its entirety and pay particular attention to chapter six. Let me tell you what you should have stated in you paper. Anal intercourse was very commonly practiced in ancient times among many cultures. Both men and women were enjoyed this way and slaves were usually introduced to their role as sexual slaves through anal sex. Captives in battle both male and female were rounded up. Those that were old or infirm were killed. The rest were divided as part of the spoils of war. The ones that did not submit to becoming slaves by receiving anal intercourse were also killed."

"Anal sex is a very important part of our sexual lives for both my husband and myself. Any slave of mine is also enslaved to my husband and expected to perform for him. My husband enjoys both anal sex and fellatio with slaves, while I enjoy using a strap on dildo on occasion..."

I responded, "So your husband is homosexual then?"

"Absolutely not!" Gina exploded. My husband enjoys using a slave for pleasure in accordance with ancient ways. He is a very masculine and dominant man. Sex with a male is not an act of lovemaking for him—a male is simply used for pleasure. My husband reserves his lovemaking and affectionate sex for me alone. I should remind you of a famous study in psychology. A group of male students were gathered in a theater. It was known ahead of time that a few of the students were homosexual. The students were shown a short film clip of a man having sex with another man. All of the heterosexual students denied being aroused by the film, yet instruments measuring their heart and respiration rates as well as thermal imaging of the genitals of the men in the theater showed identical arousal response.

I asked, "So. What are you saying? All men are secretly gay?"

"Of course not!" Gina said vehemently. "A small minority of men are primarily attracted to other men, while the rest are attracted to women. However, all men tend to enjoy fellatio very much and those that have experienced anal intercourse tend to enjoy the tightness and sensations of that as well. My husband is a completely heterosexual male, but he enjoys the physical act of sex with either gender. If you are to become my slave he will have "knowledge" of you this way."

Gina continued, "You have much to study and a lot to think about. You will answer me in three days and you will tell no one of our discussion."

I left with my head spinning. I could not remember driving back to my dorm room. I was feverish and could not sleep at all that night. I was aroused and went down to my car to masturbate in secret. I found myself thinking of Gina and when I came I was imagining myself bound under her as she penetrated me with a strap on dildo. I returned to my dorm room, but I still could not sleep.

I did not go to any classes the next day—even Dr. Blair's. I went to the library and started reading. I began with the book about Catherine the Great and skimmed much of the political intrigue to concentrate on her personal life. Reading about her got me really hot and I was sure this was what Gina had intended. I skipped to the De Sade book after a few hours of reading, but found much of it disturbing. I also found much of it highly erotic. I put down the book when I became too feverish to continue. I returned to my dorm room and tried to sleep, but could not. At four in the morning I returned to the library and began to study the book on anal sex.

I had put this off as long as I could, but now I read the book cover to cover. I discovered that chapter 6 was about preparing to receive anal sex and covered the best methods for getting as clean inside as possible. Other chapters dealt with properly introducing someone to anal sex and dealing with the pain response. Various lubricants and even drugs to relax the muscles were discussed. I had been unaware that such things existed.

I had been up for 36 hours straight. I returned to my dorm room and fell sound asleep, but I dreamed disturbing sexual dreams. I was captured in battle by soldiers and tied with rope. A captor brought me before a well dressed man and woman. They wore gold brocade and were clearly the king and queen. I was made to kneel before the queen and kiss her feet. I then rose on my knees and placed my head between her legs. I began to have cunnilingus with her and this continued for a long time. Finally she pushed me away and directed my attention to the king. He had removed his large uncircumcised cock from his robes and directed me to suck it. This continued for only a few minutes before he pushed me back on my knees in front of the queen. The king rose to his feet behind me and I was tied to some kind of pedestal and bent over. I bowed down to the queen as her husband positioned his large cock at my anal opening.

I awoke with a jolt and found that I had had a wet dream. I was drenched in semen and sweat and terrified of my own desires. Today was the morning of the third day and I faced the decision. Thinking of Gina and how exciting she was I showered and began to prepare. I used an enema and did every bit of preparation according to the book. I was completely clean inside. When Gina called at nightfall I was ready and I drove to her home with shaking hands.

Gina greeted me at the door wearing all black peignoir lingerie. She was simply magnificent and far more beautiful than I had ever even dreamed. I could faintly see the outline of her large dark aureole through her lacy bodice before I turned my gaze to her face. She kissed me warmly on the lips and led me back to the coach. She asked if I had reached a decision and I told her that I had. I said, "The answer is yes. I want to become your slave. I've never wanted anything else so much in my entire life."

"Are you ready to perform all that is required exactly as I say?"

"Yes" I said.

"Yes. Mistress!" She corrected. After tonight you will address me as Mistress and my husband as Master. You are about to take part in an ancient and sacred ritual. Some of what happens tonight will be painful for you, while much will be very pleasurable. You must trust in me and know that you will not be injured. Try to focus completely on me and my will. I will be your guide for the rest of your life. What I wish for you shall be done. Once we begin there can be no turning back. The sacred ritual must be completed once it is started. If you have any doubt about this say so now.

I sat in stony silence.

She took both of my hands in hers and led me into the next room as I trembled with fear and excitement. What I saw in the room shocked me as there was a pedestal arrangement similar to the one from my dream facing a comfortable chair. Mistress sat in the chair and had me kneel on the pedestal facing her. Three men entered the room behind me as if on cue. I got a glimpse of two completely nude young men and an older man who was nude except for an executioner's hood that he wore. Mistress slapped my face and I turned back to face her. She said, "You are to focus on me completely during the ceremony—you are not to look away!"

The older man stepped up behind me and shackled my ankles to the pedestal. I had gotten only a glimpse of him, but I had seen enough to be certain the he must be the husband of my Mistress. He was older than the other men, yet perhaps ten or more years younger than Mistress. I had also seen a glimpse of his fairly large and uncircumcised cock which was already fully erect. The Master took my left arm and pulled it up behind my back in a move I recognized as a hammerlock. He did the same to my other arm and shackled my arms in place with a strap across my chest. Then he took a seat in the corner of the room and the two young men kneeled in front of him.

"Suck his cock." Mistress quietly commanded to the two young men. I assume they complied immediately, but I never turned my face from her. "Kneel with your face on the floor." She commanded and I leaned forward to rest my face in front of her feet. She then had me briefly kiss one foot and then the other before she leaned forward and grasped the back of my head by the hair. She pulled me back up to face her and said, "Repeat exactly what I say after me... Mistress I beseech you that I may worship you and become your slave. Please allow me to begin my worship." I repeated the vow and she pulled my face downward so that my face was between her legs. She was already very moist with anticipation. I kissed her softly above her vulva and began to perform tender loving cunnilingus for her. I ever so gently parted her labial folds with my tongue and began to lick and kiss with the softest possible touch. She enjoyed this for a few minutes and then she squirmed and rocked back slightly in the chair. "Kiss me on the anus" she directed and I complied without hesitation. I could hear suckling sounds from the other men as they pleasured the Master in the other chair. Mistress enjoyed several minutes of my ass kissing and licking—fortunately for me she was very clean. She then had me return my affection to her delicate folds and I began to gently lick and suckle all around her firm clitoris, but never directly on it. She groaned with pleasure, but held herself back from climax. Finally after fully half an hour of tender worship had passed she grasped me by the hair once more and pulled me to an upright kneeling position.

"The Master will approach now." She said and I heard the man get up from the chair to stand behind me once more. He lifted me by my shackled arms and fastened the straps so that I hung suspended from the pedestal in a bent over position with my bottom in the air. My head hung a few feet directly in front of my Mistress face and I gazed at her now. The Master drew a knife and cut off all my clothes fully exposing me before her.

"Once more repeat after me. I now offer myself completely to my Mistress and Master. I shall surrender my will to them and become a slave. I now wish to be penetrated by my Master until all resistance is broken." I repeated the vow and shuddered at the thought of what I had asked for. I remembered that I must trust in them completely. They had taken other slaves this way and Mistress had promised that I would not be injured. Mistress said, "You may begin." The Master positioned his cock head at the entrance to my anus. He grasped me by the hips and began to press in. His uncut dick head was slightly moist and he pressed to my sphincter ring. He began to increase the pressure with his rock hard cock. "Aaahhh. I grunted, but I still looked at Mistress as the Master began to press even harder. Her eyes were shining and she was ecstatic at seeing her husband begin the sacred act. "Ahh Ahhhha I groaned in pain, but the Master only continued to slowly increase the pressure.

"Accept the pain and welcome the Master into your body!" Mistress cried. "Accept it and try to open yourself to him." I tried to relax my sphincter and the Master pressed a bit more so than his swollen cock head pressed through the tight muscle and into my ass. "Uuuuooof was all I could utter as the force of his entry literally drove the breath out of me. He was barely inside, but he had never reduced the pressure. He was slowly going deeper and deeper and I was feeling a sense of fullness along with the pain. "Uhhh hunhhh uhh I uttered as he continued to slowly press further. His cock felt huge inside me. I tried to move forward to ease the pressure, but that was impossible because of the way I was bound. I was breathing in short breaths and trying to relax, but powerful muscles inside me were instinctively clenching the Master's cock. There had been no lubricant or analgesic cream of any sort to ease the pain. The Master was taking me in the same way that a brutal Philistine warrior would take a captive young male. He continued to press slowly onward and the pain was simply hideous before he was even halfway in. He never drew his cock back by even a millimeter and the pressure of his insertion was unrelenting. Awwww. Awwwwwwww haaaaaa aaah I groaned as his cock plowed my tight passage until he was buried to the hilt and then pressed firmly a bit more. He grasped me by the hips and lifted me slightly at the same time, and then he flexed his hips upward and gave a firm thrust. Unhhhhhhh haaa I uttered as he had fully impaled me and had lifted me off the pedestal so that all of my weight was pressing me deeply onto his rock hard cock. I stopped breathing and nearly bit my tongue as my jaw clamped shut and my eyes bugged out. He held me impaled like this for several minutes and then yanked backward firmly on my hips making sure that he had obtained the absolute deepest possible penetration. He continued to hold me like that displaying me impaled for mistress as she touched herself and watched. I had glanced down to her hand where she touched herself and she slapped me and told me to keep looking at her. Finally she was satisfied that the all important first thrust was as deep and complete as possible and she said, "You may withdraw now." The Master slowly withdrew and I felt like part of me was being pulled apart as my clenched rectum clamped his dry, rock hard retreating cock. "Oh God!" I exclaimed as his cock head finally exited and I sucked in four quick breaths.

"Yes." Mistress said, "You shall regard the Master as a God and give your body to him. They paused a few moments as I caught my breath. When my dilated sphincter ring had fully closed the Master began the second stroke. He pushed in a bit more quickly this time and once more the intrusion drove the breath out of me, but I was also rock hard and very aroused by it. He finished by lifting and impaling me on his cock again and then slowly withdrew. He waited once more and then entered and completed a third full stroke, and then a fourth! With each stroke he was stretching me more, but I was also becoming more tender and sore inside. I lost track of how many times the Master pulled all the way out of me and then drove fully in. I hung my head and Mistress yanked my face back up so that I looked at her. The strokes were coming more quickly now and I was panting and whimpering. The Master's cock was very warm and so incredibly hard inside me. I was beginning to look forward to being fully impaled on it because the absence of friction with my lining eased the pain slightly compared to the awful abrasion of the in and out strokes. It was agonizing to hang impaled on the cock, but the sensation of being filled by him gave me a sense of completeness I had never known before.

I was feeling very close to climax and nearly did so as he once more lifted me off the ground and impaled me. Mistress sensed that I would not last much longer and said, "It is time to finish." When the Master withdrew from me this time he took me loose from all of the shackles. Mistress said, "You submit well." She rocked back in the chair and spread her legs. The Master pushed me to her and I entered her warmth very slowly with my swollen cock. She shifted and took me deeper. I moved with her and tried not to climax as I felt the most warm and wonderful vaginal passage grasp my manhood. Mistress grasped my buttocks and held them spread. The Master pressed his cock into me and this time he did not fully withdraw after each stroke. He began to fuck me steadily and methodically in the ass using his whole cock as Mistress writhed and moaned under me. Finally she said, "Do it now!" The Master raised himself with his rigid cock half in me and placed his cock at a nearly vertical angle pointing down. This twisted my passage as I continued to clench him and I bit back a scream. He now pressed his cock head straight down directly on my prostate placing heavy pressure on the sensitive gland. I came as forcefully as I had ever come in my life and so did my beloved Mistress. The Master pressed his cock once more all the way in to enjoy my ejaculatory contractions and then he slowly withdrew. He offered his cock to one of the other males to suck and the young man did so greedily. I knelt once more and began to lick my mistress. She was so warm and good now with my fluid in her.

If I had been able to think I would have been in awe of the Master's stamina and self-control. He had been hard now for nearly an hour. His other suck toy slave used some cleansing antiseptic towelettes to clean the Master's cock and finished the job with his mouth sucking the cock until he was sure it was perfectly clean. The Master pushed me aside and entered his wife now. Her hips rose to meet him and he entered her gently and lovingly. They kissed as he fitted his body to hers and began to move with her. I simply sat on the floor and watched while they made love. This man was certainly not gay. He made passionate and expert love to his wife and moved with her to meet her needs. His large cock had to be stimulating her clitoris as he held himself fully inside her and she moaned deeply with pleasure. I was witnessing the technique of a master cocksman and I thought to myself that this is how every man would please his woman if he could. I am well endowed, but lacked the talent to provide pleasure to her the way he could. When she climaxed once more he came inside her. He had clearly been saving his ejaculation for her. After going slowly soft in her for a couple of minutes he gently withdrew and stood. He towered over me and put his moist cock in my mouth. The sensation was warm and wonderful. I love sucking his cock I thought to myself with surprise. The combined flavor of his semen and her fluid was delicious to me. He continued to go soft in my mouth as I sucked him and fluid seeped from him as he did. When I had swallowed all that was left he turned away from me.

The two of them left the room and went to their bedroom together. One of the other slaves said to me, "Intense wasn't it?" He led my to the bunkroom where slaves were kept. He recommended that I inspect myself and so I took a hand mirror into the bathroom and used it to look at my anal opening. There was obvious swelling and inflammation and I was sore, but otherwise unhurt.

What an incredible experience! I already wanted more, but I would need to wait several days until I was ready again. I climbed into one of the bunks completely exhausted. One of the other slaves said, "They will let you use lubes and muscle relaxants next time if you want." I said, "I'm not sure I want to. It was so incredible this way. It was the most painful thing I have ever experienced by far, but it sure made me hard."
Your opinion is important:
Share with the others what you think about
"Dr. Gina Blair Dominates A Younger Man"
     
Switch to Expanded voting form
The End

Go to eric’s Blog
Last entry on 2009-07-07
Posted: 2006-08-19
Last Modified: 2006-08-20 / 10:40:29 pm
Version: 1.10
Home - Top   Feedback to author
