Jason Hodgson had just gotten home from school and was in his room checking his e-mail when the phone rang. It was his brother-in-law, Tony.

"Jason, you know that Lisa's birthday is in less than two weeks, don't you?" he asked.

"Ah, ya." Jason said, hoping Tony would believe his lie. Actually, it had slipped his mind.

"Well, I was thinking that I'd like to do something special for her, and I was wondering if you could babysit for us that night? I want to take her out to dinner, and maybe a movie, or some dancing at a club afterwards." Tony explained.

"Sure, Tony, that'll be no problem. Just remind me a few days before, okay." Jason said "I don't mind at all. I'd be happy to."

Jason had always gotten along well with his brother-in-law, and he was more than happy to be able to do this favour for them -- especially since it was his older sister's birthday. Jason had always been very fond of his older sister. But if the truth were told, his fondness extended beyond the usual feelings that most siblings have for one-another.

Lisa was a very pretty young woman, and despite the fact that she was his sister Jason took every opportunity he got to let his eyes roam over her curvy sexy body when she was around him. At 5'6" with shoulder length brown hair and piercing blue eyes, Lisa was just about the prettiest woman that Jason had ever seen. Often he found himself staring at her firm round butt as she walked by him, or sneaking a peek down her top when she would bend over in front of him. Often Jason wondered if his sister knew that he was lustfully oogling her, but as far as he knew, if she did she never let on. This year she was turning twenty-five, and Mark wanted to make her birthday special.

* * * * *

Four days before her birthday Lisa called Jason one evening to see if he had time the next day to babysit for her the following day.

"Mark said he's taking me out for my birthday and I'd like to buy a new dress to wear, and I was wondering if you could watch Brandon while I go out tomorrow for a while?" she asked her brother.

"Ahhh... I have classes in the morning until 11:30, but I can skip the afternoon. I only have one; it'll be no problem." Jason said.

"Are you sure?" his sister asked.

"Ya, it's okay. Besides, it's for your birthday. Now that you're getting old I should respect my elders." he said laughing.

"Old?!" Lisa said in mock anger "Twenty-five's not old! You wait -- in five years you'll be my age, and we'll see how you like being called old, little brother."

"I'll see you tomorrow around noon, sis." Jason said laughing as he rang off with Lisa.

Jason was really looking foreward to seeing his sister. Any time he got to spend alone with her was wonderful, and the next day he practically ran to his car in the university parking lot once his last classes were done, then quickly drove to her and Mark's house. He let himself in and found Lisa finishing up some dishes in the kitchen. She was wearing a pair of jeans which Jason noticed hugged her hips and round ass very nicely, and a simple t-shirt. As she turned around to greet her brother his eyes roamed up towards her breasts and he noticed her nipples poking out slightly through her t-shirt and he felt his cock twitch to life. Although Lisa's breasts weren't overly large, Jason always found them very nice. They were round and full, and on several occasions when she wasn't wearing a bra he noticed that they turned up slightly, and seemed to be very firm.

"Thanks so much for doing this, Jason. I shouldn't be too long -- maybe an hour or so." his sister said.

"That's no problem, sis. I don't have any plans, so take your time." he said smiling at her.

"Okay. Brandon's asleep upstairs so he should be ok. Just go check on him a couple of times, but other than that, make yourself at home." she said.

Jason nodded.

"Thanks again, Jason. You're a big help!" his sister said and gave him a quick hug and kissed his cheek.

Jason felt his sister's breasts brush over his arm and his cock began getting hard. He felt his face flush, and he suddenly felt quite nervous. Lisa immediately sensed his nervousness when she saw him blush and she clutched his arms and giggled.

"I'm going to get going. I'll see you later." Lisa said as she grabbed a coat and her purse.

Jason smiled at his sister, and stared at her as she walked to her car, wondering if she could tell he'd gotten turned-on around her.

"She sure looks great in those jeans." he thought to himself as he stared at his sister walking.

Once Lisa was gone Jason got some school books from his backpack and began working on some homework to pass the time until his sister returned. Once he'd finished with that he looked in their fridge to see what they had and made himself a sandwich then went to watch tv. A little over an hour later he heard the back door open and his sister calling out to him and he went out in the kitchen to meet her. Lisa was standing there carrying a large paper shopping bag with a big smile on her face.

"That didn't take you too long." he said.

"I can't believe my luck!" Lisa said setting the bag down on the kitchen table and taking her jacket off "They were having a sale, and I found this amazing dress at 30% off. I'm going to go try it on."

Jason watched his sister walk by him as she went up to her bedroom to change, then he returned to the living room to watch some more tv. A short while later he heard her calling out to him from upstairs.

"Come up here and see it, Jason, and tell me what you think." his sister said.

Jason put his glass of Pepsi down on the coffee table and went up to his sister's bedroom. When he walked in the room Jason was shocked by how sexy his sister looked in her new dress. It was black with a plunging neckline, and came down to just above Lisa's knees. She smiled at him and turned around to show him the dress. The back of the dress was open so Lisa's back was exposed and Jason felt himself getting hard as he watched his sister modelling for him. One thing he noticed was that the way the dress was designed meant that her bra strap was showing in back.

"So what do you think." Lisa said grinning.

"Wow, sis, you look great!" he said running his eyes over her, hoping she wouldn't notice the growing bulge in his jeans.

"Really?" she said surprised as she spun around once more.

"Ya... just one thing. Turn around." he said.

Lisa turned around and her brother took a few steps towards her and hooked his finger in her bra strap and snapped it.

"Something will have to be done about this." he said with a laugh.

Lisa reached in back and ran her fingers over the strap and smiled.

"Ya, I forgot about that. Hold on." she said laughing.

Jason watched as he sister turned so she had her back directly to him and slid the straps of her dress off her shoulders.

"No peeking at my boobs, little brother." she said with a giggle as she reached back to unhook her bra then let it slide down her arms onto the floor.

Lisa pulled the dress back up over herself then turned around to face her brother again. She looked down at her chest and smiled up at him as she adjusted it to make sure her breasts were fully covered.

"Better?" she said smiling as she turned around slowly.

"Ya." Jason said as he stared at his sister.

Lisa walked over to the mirror to look at herself. She ran her hands down over the dress, smoothing out a few wrinkles, then turned left and right to check herself out. She noticed that her nipples were hard and quite visible through the thin material and let out a laugh, feeling sexy and daring.

"What's so funny?" her brother asked.

Lisa turned around and walked over to her brother, and with both hands pointed to her nipples.

"These!" she said smirking "Looks like I'll be putting on a show if I get cold."

Jason blushed and quickly turned his head up from his sister's chest to her blue eyes, which had a peculiar look to them that Jason had never noticed before.

Lisa had been watching as her brother stared at her hard nipples through the dress and felt a surge of passion go through her body that ended up at her clit. She felt it jump and she got slightly wet. This was not the first time over the years that she had noticed Jason staring at her body. At first she used to find it sort of creepy that her little brother was looking at her like that, but she found him so shy and nervous around her at times like that too that she couldn't get upset with him. Eventually she began to find it cute, then in time she enjoyed teasing him. To her it was sexy fun because it was forbidden, and she liked to see how much she could tease him.

"What's the matter, Jason, never seen hard nipples before?" she teased.

Jason felt his face getting hotter and thrust his hands in his jeans and shifted about. Lisa reached out and placed a hand softly on his forearm and gave him a warm smile.

"Jason..." she said softly "tell me something, and be honest."

"What?" he said, feeling like his sister's question was a trap.

"Forget that I'm your sister for a minute. Tell me -- do I look sexy in this dress?" she asked slowly.

"You look great." he said smiling.

"But do I look sexy?" she said with a smirk.

"Ya, I guess." he said, quickly glancing at her.

"Jason, if I tell you something, do you promise to never tell anyone. Not Tony, not mom or dad... no one -- ever...?" she said with a serious tone to her voice.

"Ya, sure. What?" he said concerned.

"I like it when you look at me, Jason. It makes me feel sexy. Naughty." she said looking up at him.

"Really?" her younger brother said with surprise "But... but I'm your brother."

"Doesn't that make it more fun?" she said stroking his arm as she smiled at him.

"Ya, I guess." he said smiling at her, feeling slightly more comfortable.

"I love Tony deeply, but I love you too, little brother. Nothing can ever change that. You and I have a special bond, and we always will, no matter what. I could divorce Tony, but I can't divorce my baby brother." she said, wrapping her arms around him and pulling him close to her as she kissed his cheek.

Jason slid his hands over his sister's back, moving them up to feel her soft skin where the dress was open. He could feel his cock getting even harder as he felt her silky smooth skin under his hands. He was afraid that his Lisa would feel his hard cock pressing against her so he tensed up slightly and pulled back so he wasn't pressing against her so tightly, but Lisa ran her hand down to his lower back and pulled him tighter against her.

"It's ok, Jason," she breathed into his ear "I know you're hard. Just relax."

Jason felt all nervousness and tension melt away with his sister's reassuring words. It was a relief to him that she knew, and she wasn't angry or upset. He let her pull him close against her body until he could feel his hard cock pressing inside his jeans into her lower stomach.

"Your skin is so soft, Lisa." he said as he ran his hands over the exposed part of her back.

"And your's is so hard." she said, giving her brother a wink as she pressed herself against his cock through his jeans.

The siblings stayed like that for several minutes -- just holding and caressing one another -- until Jason pulled back and looked into his sister's half-closed eyes.

"Lisa," he said looking at her "we really shouldn't be doing this, ya know..."

His sister released her grip on him and slid her hands down over his arms and smiled at him, then frowned.

"I know. I guess I sort of got carried away. I'm sorry." she said.

"Hey, I did too. It's not your fault. It's okay." he said holding her hands "It's just that, well..."

"I know." she said interrupting him and pulling away slowly.

"I love you, Lisa." he said and kissed her cheek.

"I love you too, little brother." she said, returning his kiss.

"So, what now?" he asked.

"I don't know." she said smiling up at him "Our cards are sort of on the table, aren't they? It's not like we can pretend this never happened. I love you, Jason, and I don't want things with us to be weird or tense. But, we were bad today, weren't we?"

"Ya." he said with a smile.

"Did you like being bad with me, Jason?" she said, dragging a fingernail down his arm.

"You know I did." he said chuckling.

"Well, this can be our little secret -- as they say. When we're around other people, especially Tony, and mom 'n' dad, we'll have to be good -- society's rules suck. But when we're together like this there's nothing wrong with us being a little bad like this, is there? I liked it today, didn't you?" his sister said.

"Ya, I did. A lot." Jason said staring down at his sister's breasts.

"You like 'em?" she asked as she watched her brother blatantly stare at her breasts.

"Ya, I always have." he said smiling.

"I wish they were bigger." she said looking down at them and cupping them briefly.

"Ummm... what size are they?" her brother asked, feeling bold and horny.

"A C-cup." Lisa said.

"There's nothing wrong with that!" Jason said as he stared at his sister's nipples poking out of her dress.

"I'll tell ya what." Lisa said smiling at him "If you're good, I'll let you have a peek at them sometime."

"Really?!" Jason said, surprised.

"Ya, but if you're bad I might let you have more than a peek." she said as she squeezed them and winked.

"You ARE bad." Jason said laughing.

"I am." his sister said "But my birthday is coming up, so maybe you can give this bad girl a spanking."

Jason slid his hand down the small of his sister's back and gently patted her ass twice.

"It's a deal." he said with a smirk.

"Tony's going to be home soon. I should change and get supper ready." she said, wishing she.

"Ya, and I should be getting home. Mom and dad will be expecting me." Jason said as he stepped away from his sister.

"I'll see you Friday night, okay?" she said, smiling at him.

"Ya, I'll be here around six." Jason said "I'll see you then, bad sister."

"Bye for now." she smiled as she felt her clit throbbing. 



For the next few days Jason walked around in a perpetual state of arousal after what had happened with he and his sister. He was excited about seeing her Friday night, but he also knew that since Tony would be there they would have to behave themselves. Still he was looking foreward to seeing her in that new black dress again.

Before he left for Lisa's and Tony's house Jason took a shower and shaved, then quickly drove over. Tony greeted him at the door and explained that Lisa was still upstairs getting ready, but would be down shortly. He and Jason talked until they heard approaching footsteps and Lisa walked into the room. She looked even more stunning than when Jason saw her the other day and Tony whistled at her.

"Damn, you look hot, honey." he said as he pulled her close and kissed her cheek.

"How do I look, Jason?" she said, flashing her brother a coy smile.

"Not bad for twenty-five." he said smiling.

"I just called a cab, and they'll be here in about ten minutes." Tony said.

"Don't wait up for us. Check on the baby a few times, but he should be okay. And if you get tired there's the fold-out couch downstairs in the rec-room." his sister said as she checked her make-up then grabbed her purse.

"I'll be okay. You guys just have a good time and don't worry about me. "I'll be sleeping here tonight downstairs, so don't worry about how late you come home." Jason said as he saw them off at the door.

Once Lisa and Tony had left Jason went in to watch tv while he did some homework. He made himself something to eat later then sat in the livingroom flipping through the channels searching for something to watch. Eventually around 11pm he was feeling tired and checked on his nephew then decided to go to bed. He went downstairs and pulled open the couch and grabbed a blanket. He hauled off his t-shirt then pulled his jeans down and crawled under the blanket, wearing only his boxers. His thoughts drifted back to his sister and what had transpired between them the past week. He could feel his cock growing in his boxers and hauled them down and began to stroke his hard cock. After a while sleep began to overtake Jason and he hauled his boxers up and rolled over.

A few hours later he was awoken by the sound of a car in the driveway and two car doors slamming shut. He heard voices and laughter, then the door to the house opening. Realizing it was just Lisa and Tony returning he rolled over then tried to get back to sleep. Then he heard a loud thud which sounded like something hitting the floor and he lept out of bed and ran upstairs.

He saw his sister standing there laughing and Tony on his hands and knees on the kitchen floor.

"He celebrated my birthday a little too much." Lisa said laughing as she stood over her husband.

"I'm not drunk occifer." Tony said with a smile as he clutched the kitchen table trying to stand up.

"Will you help me get him to bed?" Lisa said laughing.

Despite feeling somewhat uncomfortable at standing there in just his boxers Jason walked over to his brother-in-law and helped him stand up.

"You're the greatest, Jason. I love you, man." Tony slurred as he wobbled.

"Let's get him upstairs." Lisa said laughing.

Jason slung one of Tony's arms over his shoulder and his sister grabbed his other arm and they began making their way up the stairs to the bedroom. Once inside they hauled Tony over to the bed and practically threw him onto it. Lisa pulled the blankets and sheet back and began unbuttoning her husband's shirt.

"Help me get him undressed." she said to her brother as she tried to take Tony's shirt off.

Jason nodded at his sister as he watched her from the other side of the bed leaning over her drunken husband. From his vantage point Jason could see down the front of his sister's dress as the scoop neck fell away from her body. She was braless, and he could see her round breasts swaying with her movements. He felt his cock jump to life and was afraid that Lisa would notice. Lisa undid Tony's pants and looked up at her brother.

"Help me get these down." she said as she hauled on them.

Jason leaned over Tony and realized that he was able to stare straight down the front of his sister's dress now as she leaned over her husband. He had an even better view of her breasts as she struggled with Tony's pants. Jason's cock was so hard at this point that he knew there was no way his sister could not notice and he looked up at her and flashed her a nervous smile.

"Let's just get him to bed first." she said with a faint smile.

As they pulled Tony's pants down past his knees Jason noticed his brother-in-law's hard cock tenting out in his boxers, almost poking out of the opening. Lisa slowly reached up and adjusted her husband's hard cock so it was snaking down his left thigh.

"Oh, honey, ya, suck it for me." Tony mumbled as Lisa's hand moved him inside his boxers.

"Looks like I've made two cocks hard tonight." Lisa said as she winked at her brother and pulled the covers up over her husband "Let's get out of here and let him pass out."

Lisa walked around the bed and turned out the light as she left the room. Jason followed her, feeling his semi-hard cock sway as he walked, and felt very nervous about being around his sister. Lisa walked into the kitchen and opened the fridge and poured herself a glass of wine.

"Let's go sit down in the livingroom." she said to her brother, motioning with her head as she walked past him.

"Umm, let me go haul on a pair of pants first." Jason said as he looked down at himself.

"Oh, come on, no sense in being shy now, little brother. I kinda like the show, and besides, you owe me one." she said tugging at his hand.

Jason followed his sister into the livingroom and sat next to her on the sofa, curling one leg under the other in hopes of hiding his erection.

"You really like this dress, don't you?" Lisa said staring at the tent in her brother's lap as she took a sip of wine from the glass.

"Ya, it looks great on you." Jason said as he eyed her up.

"It might look better on the floor." Lisa said, giving her brother a naughty smile.

"You're bad." her brother said grinning.

"I am." Lisa said as she took another drink of wine "Which reminds me, no one has given me a birthday spanking yet. Think you're man enough to do it?"

"I sure am!" Jason said, pulling his sister close and swatting her right hip hard.

"Nice try, little brother!" Lisa said with a smirk "But not good enough. Ya missed my ass."

Jason snatched his sister's glass from her hand and quickly set it down on the coffee table, then hauled her over onto his lap and gave her three quick swats on the ass.

"Hey!" she said jumping up quickly, rubbing herself where her brother had slapped her.

"That more like it?" he sad smiling.

Jason got up quickly from the couch. His sister could tell by the look in his eyes that he meant business. She laughed and ran out of the livingroom as her brother chased her. Jason ran, following his sister downtairs into the rec-room then lunged at her, wrapping his hands around her waist, pulling her down onto the sofa bed where he'd been sleeping earlier.

"Am I man enough now, big sister?" he said laughing as he held Lisa down with one hand and slapped her ass with the other.

Lisa squirmed and laughed as her brother continued to slap her ass as she writhed on the bed.

"Okay, okay." I give up, Lisa said laughing as her brother slapped her firm round ass.

Lisa was laying flat on her stomach with Jason's hand pressing down on her back, his other one still resting on her ass as they caught their breath. She turned slightly and smiled up at her younger brother.

"So, do I get a birthday spanking, or not, little brother?" She said as she raised up on her knees and stuck her ass up in the air.

Jason slowly ran his hand over his sister's round ass, feeling it's shape and squeezed it to feel how firm it was.

"Really?" he said as he looked at her.

"Am I a naughty girl, Jason?" she asked.

"You are, Lisa." he said as he squeezed her ass.

"Then spank me." she said as she lowered her head onto the pillow.

"You're getting twenty-five -- one for each year, sis. Count with me." her brother said as his hand landed on his sister's ass.

"One." Lisa said as she flinched slightly.

Jason raised his hand again and brought it down on his sister's up-turned ass, hard again. It rang out as he slapped her.

"Two." she said as she clenched the pillow.

Jason continued slapping his sister's ass through her dress as she counted stroke by stroke as he spanked her.

Somewhere around fifteen slaps of his hand Jason noticed that his sister's breathing had gotten heavier, and she was barely audible as she counted out the slaps that he was giving her. He looked down at her bent over on the bed with her ass still stuck up in the air for him as she clutched the pillow with her fists. He ran his hand gently over his sister's ass and could feel it's warmth through the dress.

"Are you okay?" he asked her.

"Ya... keep spanking me, Jason. I feel so naughty. Spank my ass, little brother." she said as she reached back and pulled her dress up over her thighs towards her hips.

Jason grabbed the hem of her dress and pulled it up till it was around the small of her back. He looked down at his sister's round ass and saw that it was red from the spanking he'd been giving her. He also discovered that she was wearing a black thong, which showed more skin than it covered.

"Is this okay?" he said as he ran his hand from Lisa'a hip to her warm round ass.

"Jesus, I feel so slutty. Spank me, little brother. I'm a naughty girl." she said as she writhed and moved her hips.

Jason slid his hand over his sister's soft skin, feeling how hot it had become from his spanking, then gave her another slap and waited for her to respond with a number.

"How many was that?" he asked her after a few seconds.

"I don't know. I don't care." his sister said in a breathless voice "Do you like spanking your naughty big sister, Jason."

"Yes." he said as he ran his hand over her warm red ass and down the backs of her thigh.

Lisa turned to look at her brother and saw his hard cock sticking out under his boxers and smiled.

"Oh my, little brother." she said smiling "You certainly are worked-up."

Jason squeezed his sister's ass again and smiled at her.

"I think you are too, sis." he said to her.

Lisa smiled at him. "Pull my thong off and find out." she said.

Jason hooked his fingers in the waistband of his sister's thong and slowly pulled it down over her hips. She laid down on the bed so he could pull it completely off of her, then raised back up onto her knees once he'd tossed it onto the floor.

"Do you like my ass, Jason" she said looking at him.

"Ya. I do." he said, running his hand over it and giving it another slap.

Jason knelt directly behind his sister and ran his eyes up her thighs over her ass, and realized that in the position she was in he could see the lips of her pussy. They were full, and shiny from her juices. Feeling bold, Jason slowly slid his fingers over his sister's wet pussy. Lisa shuddered and moaned.

"Mmmm... that's it... play with my wet pussy, Jason. I don't care what you do. God, I'm so horny." his sister said as she pushed back against his fingers.

Jason pressed his fingers harder against her and began rubbing his hand over her wet pussy. Lisa moaned louder and buried her head in the pillow and slowly moved her hips in a circle as her brother played with her.

"Jesus, that feels so good." she purred.

Jason's fingers had gotten wet and slippery from his sister's juice and he slipped one in her slowly and began pumping it. Lisa began moaning even louder and Jason felt her gripping his finger as he pushed in her deep. Lisa looked back to watch the expression on her brother's face as he fingered her, then she looked down and saw the tent in his boxers and grinned broadly. She turned around and knelt in front of her brother and reached out and reached in his boxers and squeezed his cock.

"This would feel better in me than your finger." she said as she stroked him.

"Are you sure it's ok, Lisa?" Jason said as he watched her hand move over him.

Lisa leaned over and kissed his cheek, not letting go of his cock, and smiled. "I want this in me, Jason." she said and laid down on the bed and opened her legs wide for him. He watched as she pulled her dress high around her waist and slid her hands over the insides of her thighs, then slowly spread her wet pussy open for him to see.

"Look how wet I am, little brother." she said as she looked up at him, licking her lips.

Jason lowered himself over his sister and she reached up to hold his hips and pull him down to her. She felt the head of his cock pressing against her wet lips and slide over them, then reached down to take it in her hand. She moaned and lifted her hips off the bed as she felt the head of Jason's cock slip in, spreading her open. She slid her hands back to her brother's hips and pulled him down so his cock was buried in her warm wet pussy, then squeezed it tightly, holding him in her.

"Fuck me, Jason." she breathed into his ear as she ran a hand over his back.

Jason began pumping his hips and Lisa wrapped her legs around his lower back and moaned. She dug her heels into him, spurring him on, as she told him to go faster. She could feel his balls slapping against her as he pumped harder and deeper into her and she gripped his shoulders harder, digging her nails into his skin.

"Fuck me, little brother. Fuck my wet pussy hard... don't stop." she moaned into his ear.

"I'm gonna cum..." Jason said in a breathy voice as he clenched his teeth.

He quickly pulled his cock out of his sister and watched as it twitched, shooting ribbons of his hot semen over her stomach. Lisa reached out and grabbed his slick cock in her hand and quickly stroked it, watching the last bits shoot out and land on her. She reached down to stroke his balls as she felt him getting soft, and smiled up at him.

Lisa reached up and pulled Jason's head down to her's and kissed his mouth. "I love you, little brother." she said "You're amazing."

Jason smiled and climbed from between her legs and layed beside her and kissed her cheek.

"I love you too. I can't believe we just did that though." he said smiling at her.

"It was great." Lisa said as she rolled over and wrapped am arm around him, stroking his chest.

"It sure was." he said with a smile as he ran a hand over his sister's back and felt her cum-soaked stomach against him.

"I should be getting back to bed in case Tony wakes up though." Lisa said frowning.

"I know. Sweet dreams, sis." he said grinning as he watched her get out of bed.

"You too. You were great, Jason. I want more -- a lot more, but it'll have to wait till another night." she said as she winked then turned to go.

Jason watched his sister walking away then rolled over and closed his eyes. He layed in the dark smiling to himself hoping that it wasn't long before he and Lisa could get together again. This had been the most amazing night of his life, but he somehow suspected that there were more to come.