Easy as One, Two, Three
by Wayne Gibbous
Copyright© 2011 by Wayne Gibbous

Having three older sisters, when I was young it mostly meant that I didn't have to do much. All I had to do is point at something and one of my sisters got it for me. What did I know? They would do everything for me I guess just because they're girls and tend to be naturally helpful. Geez, I hope that's not sexist, it's just the way it all worked out.

So, they pretty much pampered me even when my mom and dad didn't. Yes, it was a nice life, there was always one of them to help me with chores or homework, whatever.

I really never had any fights or arguments with any of them, they might have had disagreements with each other but rarely me. Yes, it was somewhat of an idyllic life.

As I became ten and eleven, I did, quite naturally, of course, begin to see them in a different light. They were each older than me and further along or even beyond puberty.

So, as I began to really appreciate boobs and such, it was readily apparent that my three sisters had them and not only had them, they were pretty nice.

Lori and Anna, twins, fraternal, actually, were three years older than me and, of course, had the nicest bodies. I would see them around in nighties and such and, in summer, wearing bikinis that got smaller every year, it seemed.

All of us were blonds, natural blonds, for Mom is from a mostly Scandinavian family, so my twin sisters are both fairly tall and slender with long blond hair, blue eyes and beautiful, creamy skin. They are pretty like our mom who is universally rated 'MILF' by all my friends. They also all love to check out my sisters whenever they're over.

My third sister, Sue, is just a year older than I am and she's just as pretty as the twins, only younger. Her hair is shorter and her boobs are smaller but, these days, not all that much. Yes, I notice.

Now that I'm thirteen, these three are giving me hard-ons just all the time whether or not they know it. I mean, I'm thirteen, right?

My true appreciation for having three older sisters came one evening when I was just turned thirteen and was laying in bed with my hand under the covers playing with my dick when a knock came on my door.

Of course, I pulled my hand up and called out, "Yeah, come in," and in came all three sisters to crowd around my bed.

"All three of you? What's up?"

They're looking at me, then each other, all smiling, Sue nods at the middle of my covers and they all begin giggling.

"Oh, nothing, little brother. What's that? What's under there?" Lori asked pointing at the rise in the covers.

While they're teasing me, I'm also looking at them. Each one has on a teeshirt. Yes a teeshirt and what seemed like panties underneath. But each sister's breasts were somewhat visible and certainly their nipples were pointy under the thin cotton. This was doing nothing to reduce the state of my stiffie.

"Come on, Billy, show us what's under there. Come on," Anna pleaded.

"No way, get out of here and leave me alone." I knew our parents were out and the four of us were here alone.

"Let us see and we'll let you see," Lori said as she lifted her tee up to just under the bottom curve of her boobs. Then, Anna and Sue pulled theirs up as well.

"No, get out, I mean it."

Then Lori pulled hers off.

Well, I'm not crazy, I pulled down the covers and slid my briefs off my feet.

"Oh, wow, look at Billy's equipment, will ya," Anna cried.

"Used to be such a dinky little thing. Now, well, nice, huh?" Lori added.

"I may start calling you my big brother, Billy, look at that," Sue says.

"Okay, now let's see 'em," I urged and off came all three teeshirts.

Wow. Sure I'd seen them in bikinis, seen the sides of their boobs but here they were, totally uncovered. All three sisters with the most beautiful boobs I'd ever seen, just like in Playboy. Full and round and topped-off with the prettiest pink nipples with the center parts all poked out and the surrounding all raised and plump.

"Oh, wow, you three are so beautiful, incredible," I gasped as I took in the beautiful sight before me.

"Wanna see the rest, Billy?" Lori asked as she started to pull down her panties just a bit.

"Yeah, sure," I said unbelieving my fortune. What's to lose now, right?

They all three pulled off their panties and stood there.

"I don't want it to stop but can I ask why you are doing this?" It seemed like a logical thing to ask.

"Well, you're now thirteen and about a month ago Mom took us all to the doctor and started us on the pill and we thought we'd all four lose our cherries together. You are still a virgin, right?" Anna asked.

Even if by some super-lucky chance I wasn't, I was not about to admit it. But, I'd never even felt a boob before and decided that was the way to say it. I'm no fool.

"Well, girls, I've never even felt a girl's boobs before, so, yeah, I'm a virgin all right."

They all jumped on my bed each offering their own for me to feel.

Lori was pushing her's in my face as I groped for Anna's and Sue's as I felt a hand grip my dick and begin stroking it up and down.

"We want you to fuck all three of us, starting with the oldest and that's me," Lori said.

It was often kidded that Lori was the first out of Mom so she was oldest. I really didn't care about the order it was done, I was just thrilled that it was all three of my hot, sexy sisters.

"So, move over, you can do me first," Lori said as I got out of her way. She plopped down and spread her legs wide. All my sister's were shaved. None of them had hair down there. I crawled over between Lori's legs as my other two sisters sat on each side of us. I guess I was losing my cherry to an audience.

"Have you ever seen a girl's pussy, Billy, up close like?" Lori asked. I shook my head sideways and she motioned me close.

"Well you can see that I shave my pussy hair off. We all do. I guess I can tell you that we all shave each other, it's easier if someone does it for you. Oh, maybe we'll let you try doing the three of us. Three pussies in a row, you'd like that I bet."

"What a hard-on our little brother would have shaving all of us," snickered Anna.

"Now, look, these are the outside lips, um, see these inside, we have two pair of pussy lips and they really feel good when you rub them or lick them. Maybe you can try that tomorrow, we'll have all day. Tonight, though, we've got to keep going."

She pulled her pussy open saying, "Get down, yeah, see up in there, can you see that opening?"

"Um, humm," I agreed.

"Put your finger in there, see, it goes up inside, that's my vagina, that's where your dick fits inside. Feel up further, see, all warm and wet and slippery? Now, I guess you can fuck me, Billy, you ready?"

"Oh, I can't believe this is really happening, geez, look at the three of you, wow," I exclaimed as I moved up closer.

"We've been planning this for months, Bill, we wanted to be on the pill and for you to be at least thirteen. We knew you'd have done it before that but, well, here we are now, anyway," explained Sue.

"You can lick me there if you want to. Nobody's ever done it to me before," she said so I dropped down and licked and tongued her and she squealed and trembled as I did.

"Go ahead, Billy, I'm ready, I mean if you are," and I put the head of my dick up and started pushing.

"I think it works better if you slide it up and down getting it wet with my lips first," Lori said.

Well, it worked quite well as we all watched me enter my oldest sister for the first time ever. I started going back and forth as my hands enjoyed her wonderful breasts, oh, they were awesome, so soft but firm, warm and so sexy. Her nipples were hard and all puffed-out.

"Mmm, oh, wait until Billy fucks you two. Mmm, even better than I thought it was going to be," Lori moaned.

Oh, she was so right, it felt the best I've ever felt from anything. I just knew it would be so good when I got my first time but, oh, this was so much better. Lori, inside, was so warm and slippery, it just made my dick feel so good sliding in and out of her. It was incredible.

"Oh, wow, this is so good, I can't believe you three are doing this," I moaned.

"Well, you better believe it, Billy, you've got two of us to go after you finish with Lori," Anna told me as they watched me fucking my oldest sister.

"Mmm, slow down, Billy, yeah, mmm, better. Oh, this is so good. I've fingered myself so many times and, oh, this, with a real live dick, mmm, and it's my little brother's, too. You look so hot up over me, fucking me like this. I'll bet you think you've gone right to heaven, right, Bill?"

"Oh, do I," I panted, "I still can't believe that we're all doing this."

"Mmm, rub right there, Billy, that's my clit, it really helps get me off. Mmm, oh, yeah, you got it, mmm."

So that was where a girl's clit was, I thought. I'd heard about it but none of the boys I knew had much knowledge of it. Now I hoped to become the expert among my peers on the female clit.

"Mmm, oh, yeah, mmm, just rub right there and, oh, your dick feels so good. You're gonna make your big sister cum, Billy, oh, girls, just wait, it's so ... uh, UNNH, UNNH, AYYE, AYYE, EAAH, EAAH, aah, uuh, mmm, oh, wow," she groaned.

I did it, I really did it. I'm pretty good at making myself cum but now I've done it to a girl. It might be my own sister but still...

"Okay, Bill, Anna's next," Lori said so I looked down and watched as I pulled my happy dick out of her all shiny with our juices. There was my dick, now experienced in sex, ready for its second fuck.

Lori got up and Anna got down, spreading open for me, telling me, "Start slow, Billy, I don't think it'll hurt but just in case, okay?"

I nodded and moved up to her pussy holding myself steady. I rubbed and pushed a bit and felt the end slip inside, so I just stopped to make sure she was okay.

"I can feel you inside of me, Billy, geez, it's really happening, I'm losing my cherry, Go ahead, it feels fine," she said so I pushed in further and began going back and forth. Oh, this was so good, both my older sisters were so hot and sexy.

Anna raised her legs up in the air so I could push deeper and moaned, "Mmm, mmm, oh, it is good, mmm, so good, better than I ever thought it would be, mmm."

"This is so wild, I can't believe I'm doing this, first, Lori, now Anna, and next Sue."

"I think you better be taking vitamins, Billy, having fun, so far?" Sue asked.

"Fun? Oh, man, this is like the best dream I've ever had. All three of you. Oh, I'm gonna cum any second now," I groaned.

"Cum in Anna, Billy, shoot her full, fill her up with it," my little sister urged. This was getting crazy.

But then, I knew, the intense feeling rocketed out from my dick to every point of my body as I shoved hard into her, spurt after spurt of my cum emptying into my sister as she squirmed under me.

It was like I had melted as I slowly slipped down over her, kissing her, Anna kissing me, it was wonderful.

"Good, I'm next, I can't wait. I know guys can't always go on forever, you think you can do me now, Bill?" Sue asked.

"Um, look it's getting a little late. We better have him do you tomorrow, there's just no way we can risk us getting caught, right?" Lori said.

Well, she was right, none of us disagreed, not even Sue.

I could hardly complain, I'd had sex twice, each time with a beautiful girl three years older than I am, that's great luck in any book.

So, we got dressed and went about straightening everything up and making sure everything looked normal.

I only jacked-off once that night in bed, I almost always do it twice but, well, you know why I didn't, right?

So, I was sound asleep the next morning when suddenly all hell broke lose in my bedroom when all three of my sisters jumped on my bed at once, jumping, bouncing, ripping my covers off, shrieking, "It's time to fuck us, Billy, get up, get up."

There they were, all three of them, naked as could be, jumping up and down, grabbing for my dick, just going crazy.

"Hey, hey, easy girls. Let a guy wake up."

"It's time to do Sue, remember?" Anna asked.

"Now, really, how could I ever forget that."

"Lick her pussy first, Billy, get her crazy hot. She's gonna love it," Lori shrieked.

"Calm down, okay? Now, let's see, okay, Sue, right here," and I moved to let her lay down in the middle as I got between her legs.

"Kiss her first, Billy, it's her first time," Anna urged.

So I leaned up and gave my youngest sister a nice kiss, tongue and all as I felt her nice, firm boobs. Then I moved down to where I was discovering how much I loved kissing down there and began to lick up and down as she raised her legs up and put them on my shoulders.

"Make her cum, Billy, use your tongue and get her off. Oh, just wait, Sue, your pussy'll go crazy," Lori told her.

"Oh, it is good, mmm, oh, really good, oh, Billy, I think we're gonna keep you pretty busy. This is everything you said it was, Lori, you, too, Anna."

"See, we told you, Sue, it's so great and we've got our sweet little brother right here, nice, huh," Lori said.

"Mmm, I've never felt anything so good, so good. Oh, and when he flicks his tongue back and forth inside me, mmm, like that, oh, yeah, like that, it just ... oh, OH, OH, AYYE, AYYE, UUH, UUH, uh, oh, mmm, mmm," my youngest sister groaned as I got her off, I was becoming an expert, I thought, and it seemed like I was in for a whole lot of practice in the future.

"Okay, now for the part that's even better. You ready, Billy, to take Sue's cherry?" Lori asked as I got up over her and placed the head of my dick right in the middle of her wet, shiny slit and pushed as I looked down.

It slipped right in about two inches and I looked at Sue and she was smiling and nodded so I pressed some more and went in almost the whole way. I stayed still for a minute then began moving back and forth in my little sister's tight pussy. She gripped me close.

"Go a little slower, Billy, why are boys so fast? Girls like it slower. That's better. Is that better, Sue?" Anna asked.

"Mmm, yeah, it's great either way but, yes, slow is nice. This is so good. I'm so glad you two included me in on this with Billy. Now I see what some of my girlfriends are doing and why they talk about it so much."

"Yeah, I'm so glad you girls did this, man, it's a dream come true," I gushed as I went on fucking my youngest sister. They all three seemed really horny and I was so excited about trying to keep all of them happy, I was going to be a busy guy, it seemed.

Sue had lifted up her hips some and was moving them around under me as I went in and out while I kneaded her boobs. This was truly heaven, I thought, all three of my hot-looking sisters, each wanting sex with me, each one seeming almost as horny as I was.

"Oh, yeah, this is so good, it just feels incredible. You were so right, it's everything you said it would be like. Oh, Billy, mmm, just keep doing that. Do I make you feel good?"

"Mmm, Susie, you make me feel so good, I think I'm gonna cum in a minute. When you wiggle your butt like that, mmm, yeah, just like that, oh, man, it makes my dick feel so good."

"I like it when you push in hard and just kind of leave it there. I love to push and wiggle around, that just feels so hot."

"Like this?" I asked as I pushed down hard into her.

"Oh, yeah, just ... oh, oh, mmm, MMM, UUH, AYYE, AYYE, AYYE, UH, uh, mmm, mmm, oh that feels so good," she gasped.

"Okay, Bill, give her your cum," Lori urged.

That's just what I was about to do, I could feel my dick get that sensation it gets right before I shoot and I was panting as I stroked in and out of her as she moved her hips around under me.

"Mmm, she's gonna get it real soon, it feels so ... um, mmm, uh, UH, UH, UH, UH, uh, mmm, mmm," I groaned as my cum spurted into my sister, my youngest sister, who was wiggling and twisting under me, her legs splayed up in the air.

"Oh, it was so good, I knew it would be good. And I'm not a virgin any more. None of us are."

I looked at my other two sisters and they were smiling, each one with a hand between her legs, not at all embarrassed to be rubbing themselves as Sue and I fucked in front of them.

I just couldn't get over how my life was going to be so different from now on. All three of my pretty sisters wanting to have sex with me. Just unbelievable.

If I tried to describe to you how my life was after that, I'm not sure you could believe it. I had three horny older sisters who were totally open to having sex with me any time I wanted. And, oh, I wanted.

I was thirteen, just getting into the age where I had a hard-on all the time and I always had one or two or three sisters ready to spread open to accept my dick. And that they did.

None of us ever wore much in the way of clothing around the house when our parents were at work and my sisters almost always came into my bedroom every morning jumping on my bed, all naked and horny for another day of sex with their brother.

We're all in our twenties now and, yes, we all still have sex together in any number of us that can be together with me. I hardly date because there seems to be at least one of them I'm in bed with almost every night. We all live within fifty miles of each other by choice because our sex is so good. Everything we've learned about sex, we've learned from each other. Aren't sisters wonderful?
