Filling In
by Wayne Gibbous
Copyright© 2011 by Wayne Gibbous

Being in the military is not always the easiest life there is. While I'm not enlisted myself, I'm the wife of a military person and, just ask around, the life can be pretty good, then pretty bad when your spouse gets deployed.

It does help to have family around and in one way I was lucky, my husband's father was single, his parents divorced years ago, and when Jack was deployed, he asked his dad, David, to move in with us.

It was fine with me, his dad is a really nice man, mid-forties, and is even more handy around the house than my husband.

Jack was going overseas for a short stint, a training mission, just three months, so it wasn't really too bad. But, he asked his dad to come and stay which was fine with me. He's an interesting man and very nice to be around.

He was here two days when, thinking he was out of the house, perhaps gone for a walk, I opened his bedroom door and, well, of course, there he was on his bed, pants off, shorts around his ankles, doing exactly what you're imagining.

"Oh, sorry, David," I blurted and pulled the door closed as he pulled the covers up.

Shit, I thought, I should have realized that the door might have been closed for a reason.

After a while, I heard him come out and he finally came in the kitchen where I was.

It was really uncomfortable and confusing but I had the courage to say, "Sorry, David, I should have knocked, it was really my fault. I realize you need your privacy and I'm really sorry."

He did look a bit ashamed and asked, "Just don't tell Jack about it, please, Erin, okay?"

"Oh, I'd never do that, it was something that happened between you and me and it was my fault, no reason to ever involve Jack. I'm just so sorry, I hope you're not upset with me."

"Oh, no, sweetheart, no, I know it was an accident and, well, it's just a bit embarrassing, that's all."

"Maybe we need to find you a girlfriend, David, you know, someone to satisfy those needs," I said, half-jokingly.

"Well, it has been about three years since the last time I had any help like that. Rather miss that, I do," he replied, grinning.

We went on to other things as I continued getting our dinner prepared, he helped as well, and after we watched some television, we each went off to bed.

I was trying to read a book when my mind kept going back to the afternoon. Three years. Three years without a woman. Poor man. That's a long time. I'd be crazy by then. I start masturbating when I've gone two days without sex. Hell, I masturbate even when I'm getting it every day.

And he was so nice. And nice-looking. Three years without a woman's hand on him, on the cock I glimpsed him stroking this afternoon.

I lay there thinking about him when I realized that I had my hand down in my panties, legs open, softly rubbing myself. Then I began reliving those moments I saw him stroking his cock and I pressed two fingers up into me.

As my body shook and trembled in orgasm, I saw his hand jerk away from his cock, leaving it just for an instant, standing there, hard, excited, ready.

Afterward, I lay there, a little perspiration on my upper lip, my breathing heavy, as the pleasure swept over me, knowing what I wanted, what I wanted to do.

So, as we sat together in the kitchen the next morning, I looked up at him, gathered up my courage and asked him, "David, I mentioned yesterday that I thought you needed a girlfriend."

"Yes, I remember, but haven't done much about it," he chuckled.

"Well, I want you to know that I wasn't necessarily a little angel before I met Jack. So, don't think that I'm some little virgin. And ... well, I'd like to offer to help you feel satisfied over the next three months if you'd let me."

There I said it.

He sat there slowly stirring his coffee, looking down at it.

"I don't know what to say, Erin. That's probably the loveliest thing anyone has ever said to me," and he looked up at me with a beautiful, warm smile and reached over to cover my hand with his.

"I just don't know how any man could turn away such a beautiful woman as you," and he leaned over and kissed me. I opened my lips and he slipped his tongue into my mouth as my heart began to race.

"Shall we go back to your room and finish what you were doing yesterday?" I asked.

"I'd love that so much," he said softly and I stood, took his hand and led him back to his room. He was in his robe which I untied and took off. He stood there looking a bit dazed at it all as I knelt and pulled his boxers to the floor.

Goodness, I thought, how nice, as I looked at the lovely cock standing right in front of me. I reached up and held it, it was nice and firm, and leaned forward to slip my lips around the head and suck up and down. I did that for a minute, then pulled my mouth off, making sure I left him good and wet then laid him down on the bed, sat next to him and jacked his saliva-covered cock.

I was rubbing his abdomen with one hand as I stroked him with my other. His hand was on my thigh as I sat cross-legged next to him. I almost wanted him to move it up but just couldn't bring myself at that stage to encourage it.

"Mmm, mmm, oh, Erin, mmm, that feels so good, you're so wonderful, mmm," he moaned as I went on. I was thirteen when I did this the first time, now I'm twenty, seven years later, maybe fifteen guys, maybe a few more, I've really never kept track, though a friend of mine, Cindy Glasser, I know she used to brag that she kept a list of every boy and how many times she'd jacked each one and when we graduated high school, it was something like sixty-three boys for two thousand, seven hundred and something times. I wonder if she had calluses? But she did just about any boy who asked her.

Now I was masturbating my father-in-law. He lay there with his eyes closed, a smile on his face, I was so happy to be pleasing him, he was really such a nice man.

"Oh, Erin, mmm, oh, that feels so good, mmm, mmm, uh, UH, UH, uh, mmm, mmm, oh, so good, thank you, Erin, you're so nice to me, thank you," he groaned as his cum spurted up out of his cock onto his stomach and abdomen and my wrist. I leaned over and licked the last bit oozing up out from the slit on the end of his cock, then reached over and pulled some tissues out of the box next to his bed and cleaned us up.

"That was so nice of you, Erin, so sweet and considerate. I wish I could do something for you, I would if you want."

I leaned over and kissed him softly and told him that was okay, I'd be fine and I was glad he felt better, then left him in bed.

Of course, the truth was, it did turn me on and I had no other outlet but my own fingers which I used a little later in the day and, again, after I went to bed.

So, again, the next morning, as we were finishing breakfast, I asked him, "Would you like for me to take care of your friend there?" as I reached over and patted him right next to his cock.

"Oh, Erin, I really don't want to be a bother, I'll be fine," he protested.

"Come on, I don't mind, it'll do you good," and I pulled him up and led him down to his room, removed his robe, pulled off his boxers and laid him down.

"My, I was right, you need some looking after with this," as I took his hard cock in my hand and began to stroke.

"Well, Erin, such a beautiful woman in my presence, well, you can't blame me for being hard."

"That's sweet, David, let's see if this helps," and I dropped my robe from my shoulders and pulled off the tee that I usually wear to bed.

"Oh, Erin, you are so beautiful," he gasped as I bent over and took him in my mouth for a minute sucking him, then raised up, leaving him wet with my saliva to lubricate his cock as I masturbated him.

He was looking up at me as I stroked and in a minute, I reached down with my other hand, took his hand and brought it to my breast.

His fingers began to flex and knead my breast as I stroked him up and down for the second time now. This time we were a little more relaxed and accustomed to one another in this new way and as his thumb rubbed over my nipple, I could feel myself getting wetter and wetter.

"Mmm, oh, Erin, mmm, god, that feels good, you are so wonderful, just perfect."

My hand was getting dry so I bent back over and sucked him to get him wet again and was just about to pull back up leaving his cock nice and wet when his body tensed and suddenly his cum began spurting into my mouth.

Well, it was hardly the first time I'd had that happen. The first time was Todd Spence. I don't even want to say how old I was, just let it be said that I hadn't entered high school.

How was it, the first suck I'd ever given a boy? I loved it. I was one of those girls who loved the feel of a dick in their mouth. Especially one that started out a bit soft so I could feel how hard and rigid I was making it. And, when the cum starts filling my mouth, oh, man, it turns me on so much. I've even cummed myself from it. To make a guy feel so, so good just with my mouth ... well, I love it.

This time, however, it was unintentional though seeing how it made him feel, not regretted.

"Oh, I'm so sorry, Erin, I didn't mean to do that, it just happened so quickly, I couldn't help it, sorry," he blurted out and I bent over and kissed him and told him it was all right as I slipped down next to him so we could hold each other.

"I'm not upset, David, please don't think that. Actually, it was probably nicer for you that way."

"Well, I'd be less than honest if I said I didn't enjoy it."

"If that's what you like, I can do that for you when you need it. I'd be happy to," and I kissed him once again, this time with my tongue.

We lay there in each other's arms, kissing a little, just mostly quiet.

"It seems a shame that you aren't getting much out of this, Erin. I'm in heaven when we're like this and you, well, you just don't get much from it I suppose."

"Well, I do enjoy making you feel good. That I do like. And, well, yes, I do run down my vibrator at night. It's rechargeable and I hate it when it runs down."

Then, he lay there, his lips near my ear as I heard him whisper, "My tongue doesn't run down, it just goes as long as you want."

Those words caused a rush of juices to my pussy, they just flooded me. I lay there unable to say a word, engulfed in lust, wanting my body to glory in the release of an orgasm, an orgasm brought about by another person, not some artificial device. I lay there, warm and comfortable, holding my naked father-in-law to me, my bare breasts against his naked chest, oh, it felt good.

I lay there quite and serene and soon, unexpectedly, was fast asleep.

How long I was asleep, I'm not quite sure. I do remember fluttering my eyes open and seeing my father-in-law looking into my eyes. Then, I realized that he was naked, still naked after I'd sucked him off.

"Oh, I must have drifted off, oh, sorry, David."

"It's been wonderful holding you like this, Erin, just wonderful," and he leaned forward and kissed me. He kept his tongue in his mouth but it was a sexy kiss, at least it was sexy to me. I was in a naked man's arms, my bare breasts pressed against his chest, I moved my hand down and there it was, hard, ready, all erect again.

"I'm afraid I've rather made you horny again. I'm really sorry."

"I'm not, it's rather wonderful really."

"Well, I should help you with it, after all, I think I may have caused it."

"But that doesn't help you out, Erin."

"Oh, I'll be fine," I joked, "as long as my batteries don't run out."

His hand came up onto my breast and began softly caressing it. I did nothing to stop it, it was wonderful, actually.

"I stand by my offer, Erin, I'd love to make you happy. You've made me very happy," he said and kissed me again, his hand still fondling my breast.

I didn't want to stop, I didn't want to get up and go shower, I just wanted to lay there with him as he caressed my breasts.

Then I reached down and took his cock back into my hand. It was hard, ready.

"I think I'll take you up on your wonderful offer," I whispered as I leaned in and tongued his mouth.

I rolled onto my back and pulled down my panties and tossed them in the corner. He got up as I spread open for him and said, "Erin, you are so beautiful, just incredible," and bent down to kiss me between my legs. Then, oh, then, his tongue began to lap up and down sending shivers through me.

His tongue lapped all around underneath me, he was taking his time to get to my pussy, where I so wanted him to lick and tongue, I felt he was teasing me, arousing me further and further. I was already horny as hell, I'd been handling his lovely cock, sucking it, and that always gets my pussy hot. So, I was really wanting him on my labia.

But, no, he was all up and down along side my pussy lips, then wiping his tongue across my clit, making me jump each time, oh, he was driving me into an intensity of passionate frenzy like I'd never felt before. He was magnificent between my legs. I was consumed by my craving for the feelings he was giving me.

"Oh, David, please, my pussy, please get to my pussy," I cried and his tongue slid over my labia and pressed inside flicking up and down.

"OH, OH, OOH, OOH, UUUH, UUUH, UNH, UNH, MMM, MMM, oh, uh, mmm, god, that was so good, oh, I'm just ... oh, so good, mmm," and I pulled him up to me and kissed and kissed his wet face. I was in heaven.

I don't know if it was the best orgasm I'd ever had but it was up there close. I almost think it blinded me for a moment it was that powerful. I reached down and pulled him up over me and hugged him to me.

My legs were more or less together but I could feel his cock against me; I widened and his legs dropped down between me as I put my legs up around his back, offering him my pussy. Yes, I wanted my father-in-law to fuck me.

"I want you, David, inside me," I moaned as I pulled him tight. He moved his hips a bit and I felt him push as he entered me, I was so slippery inside, so wet, so aroused, he just pushed up into me, filling me so wonderfully.

"Mmm, oh, so nice, yes, mmm," I moaned as he began moving in and out.

"Oh, Erin, it's been so long, mmm, this is wonderful, you are so good, so tight, mmm, I'm so happy we're doing this."

"I am, too, David. I first started to help you out, make you feel good, then, well, then I wanted it, too, I wanted to feel good and now I do. Yes, it's wonderful. I want you in my bed, David, I want you sleeping with me."

"That would be wonderful, just wonderful. I just don't know what you say, Erin, this is all so wonderful. I never intended it, well, after all, Jack, well, I know..."

"Let's just be happy for each other, all right? We have each other to help us get through this lonely time," I whispered.

"Yes, you're right, yes, I want us to be together like this while we can."

I had my legs up over him as he raised himself up and took me by my ankles and held my legs up and open as he slowly lowered his cock down into me, then, pushed and held himself inside me, pressing as I moved under him, oh, god, it felt so good, the tip of his cock reaching new places deeply inside. Then, slowly back up, almost coming out, then back in again. Just slowly over and over.

Every time he pushed down deep, it was setting off all kinds of waves of intense pleasure that washed all throughout my body.

"Oh, god, push hard, mmm, oh, that feels so good, keep doing it, David, mmm, it's gonna ... oh, OH, OH, UUH, UUH, UNH, UNH, mmm, mmm, oh, yes, mmm, oh, fuck me, David, fuck me, don't stop," I choked out, just overcome with passion and pleasure.

And my wonderful father-in-law did just what I asked, he kept fucking me on and on until he had a huge orgasm, then collapsed over me, still deep inside, as we kissed and kissed.

"Oh, that was wonderful, David. I think we both needed that," I said smiling up at him.

In a few minutes, he pulled out of me, I think reluctantly for both of us, and lay there next to me as we slowly kissed and enjoyed one another in this new, wonderful way.

He had such a relaxed, easy way with sex, it was so enjoyable and comfortable, that coupled with his ability to take me to the heights of sexual passion, I was living the most sex-filled, satisfied life I'd ever experienced.

We slept together for the rest of the time, having sex when we woke up, then after lunch, followed by a brisk romp in bed later each night.

And that's how it started. Now, he's fifty-eight, it has been fourteen years now since his lovely cock first entered me and we've fucked thousands of times, it just gets better. It's our little secret