His First Awakening
byIcetiger1227©

Note: Many thanks to aacool for the editing help, and thanks to the guidelines from literotica and their volunteer editor program. Any and all feedback is appreciated and of course voting if so inclined.

*

I have met many Mistresses, Dommes and Dominant female personalities online. Some have told me that they can tell a submissive personality in public. Sitting in a restaurant having a meal by myself, the waitress a perfect 10, messes up the order and batting her eyes gets me all flustered. I'm trying not to raise my voice but still get my point across, to no avail. Across the floor at another table sits a lady who watches me with great interest. Feeling penetrating eyes on me, I look up from my plate and meet the most intense eyes that seem to sparkle and dance, glancing down and away, yet the image of the most deep emerald eyes I have ever encountered burns into my brain. Minutes pass and I look up again and again meet those pools of calmness - a shinning glimmering green that seem to stare past me into my soul, again I break my gaze and sheepishly look down. Finishing my meal and getting up to pay, I cross paths with the mystery lady at the cash register. She stands an inch or two taller than I, but seems to be wearing four or five inch heeled shoes, her hair a light brunette not blonde but not brown, somewhere between the two shades, slightly longer than shoulder length but not quite to the blades of her shoulders. The most brilliant green eyes I have ever seen, silken smooth skin slightly tanned, stylishly dressed in a mid calf length denim dress or skirt, it's hard to tell with the suede coat covering the top half. As I reach the register to pay my bill, she turns to me and says can I offer some advice.

"Yes," I reply.

"The way to handle the waitress," she says in such a slow deep sultry syrup like voice.

"That would be kind of you," as I stutter, barely able to speak.

"Do you have time for a coffee, my apartment is around the corner?" purrs out of her perfectly formed lips

Quickly paying my check, and following her out the door, and nto the street, her gait quick. I hasten to keep up with her, always seeming to be a half a step behind. She quickly turns into a glass and marble tower and holds the door motioning me to go through in silence to the elevator and up to the eleventh floor. Taking her key out and opening the door to her apartment, and ushering me inside. Standing before me, looking straight into my eyes she says "you're a submissive and pretty ladies or girls will always walk over you.

I will prove it to you."

"Strip and follow me."

How could I even think of protesting, when this exquisite woman standing there turned and made sure her front door was securely locked, hanging her coat on the coat rack and quickly undoing the buttons on her dress? I folded my clothes and put them on the bench by the door, with my shoes underneath. When I was finished, I looked to see her walking away without a word. It dawned on me to follow her, and did so, face slightly flushed with embarrassment.

She led me to the bathroom, which was steamy from the shower. Puzzled, I paused at the door for a second, and then stepped in as she noticed how long I was taking and motioned with her hand. The air was so steamy, I could barely see in front of myself, but then came to realize that she had stepped into the shower, as she said "Come on, the water's going to get cold. She held the shower door open and beckoned me inside. Taking a deep breath I stepped into the shower and she firmly closed the door behind me. The shower seemed big enough for at least two people, and I could not believe that this beauty would let me watch her intimate cleaning rituals, much less participate. I was looking around the shower getting my bearings, when I felt the cool tile on my butt, I jumped as I realized I'd backed up against the wall. I sneaked a look at her only to find that she was openly watching me with amusement.

"Why so jumpy, never showered with a lady before?" Opening my mouth to speak, she gently touched my lips with her finger to stop me. "I decided that you deserved a treat, so here we are. Now grab that pear body gel and the pouf on the shelf to your right so you can scrub my back for me."

She stepped into the shower spray and closed her eyes as the water cascaded down her curvy body. I hesitated for a split second, and then reached for the gel and the pouf, squeezing the gel onto the spongy pouf and then putting the gel back on the shelf. I began to wash her back, she was gentle and playful, but I found my body responding to her closeness and my cock began to harden. She opened her eyes and smiled at me, then turned so her back was facing me and flipped her hair over one shoulder. Stepping closer to her and sponging her back, applying more pressure until suds began to form, she murmured appreciatively, and then moved slightly to indicate that I should wash her arms as well. I could feel the apprehension melting away in the relaxing steam as I continued soaping her. The pear scented body wash was obviously her favorite; I realized that it was the scent I had smelled at the cash register earlier, thinking it was her perfume. Determined to please her by doing a good job, I bent down to scrub her legs with the pouf as well, and then moved back up her body slowly. I reached around to her stomach and not getting any resistance began to wash the front of her body as well. This put me closer in contact with her soapy body and suddenly I realized that my hard cock was right at the crack of her shapely ass. I took a deep breath and tried to concentrate on the cleaning job at hand, but soon realized all that was left to clean were her soft rounded breasts, panicking trying to think of anything besides what I was doing as I touched her globes with the pouf. She turned around and said, "Ok, let me rinse off, and then you'll wash my hair." I nodded just watching her turn and gyrate under the water rinsing her body and soaking her hair. The break helped calm me down, though my erection still felt like a steel bar.

"Find the conditioner and peppermint shampoo please." Looking on the shelf finding the one she wanted, pouring a little into my palms while she turned her back to me again, rubbing my fingers through her hair and massaging her scalp, it sounded like she was purring under my hands, but my hardness seemed to grow and throb as the closeness of my body to hers felt unbearable.

"Time to rinse my hair, let me turn around." Suddenly she was pressed up against me, her full length legs, hips, and breasts crushed against me as I fought to keep my breathing under control. I could see the twinkle in her eye, feeling she knew exactly what she was doing. Grabbing my arm and sliding it around her back

"I need you to hold me stable while I rinse my hair, Ok?" With that, she arched back into the water while I stood there holding her closely, desperately trying not to think of how it felt to have her her soft pubic hair and pussy lips against my balls in this position. I managed to keep my footing while she continued rinsing her hair until it squeaked, which seemed like an eternity in my currently aroused state.

"Now turn around, put your hands on the wall, and spread your legs."

I reluctantly let go of her and moved to do as she said.

Suddenly she was at my side and spoke softly into my ear "You were such a good boy, you got me all nice and clean and you didn't beg for release! You did as I told you each time. I'm so proud of you. I knew from the moment in the restaurant you could be trained." I realized that her left hand was on my chest playing with my nipples, and before I could wonder where the other hand was I could feel it gloved and lubed at my dark hole. Slowly and carefully, she pushed one finger into my ass as I arched in shock "You're going to come when I tell you to, not before, understand?" I groaned but nodded affirmatively, and then bit my lower lip. She slipped a second finger into my ass and I began to quiver. I could feel her other hand moving around on my chest and then lower, lower. I was terrified that my cock would explode if she touched it, and her fingers in my ass started to feel good, not painful. Precisely at the moment that her left hand grasped my cock, and her right fingers began massaging my prostate, she whispered into my ear, "NOW" I felt like my body shake and quiver like an earthquake, I spurted what seemed like gallons of semen onto my chest and the shower wall. I collapsed against the cool tiles as she slipped her fingers out of my ass and stripped off the rubber glove. She ruffled my hair playfully and said "your turn to get cleaned up now," as she handed me the sponge and stepped out of the shower, "Don't take too long."

"Well if you listen and do as I teach you, it seems like you are quite the good student" she said.

"I am a dominant and your personality is a submissive and if things work as well as I think they will, you will find pleasure only dreamed of." she explained

Taking my hand, she led me to her bedroom where she told me to lay down and sitting on my chest she quickly restrained my wrists and ankles to the bed.

She clearly worked out regularly, as her body was toned and lean with strong looking arms and legs and in her nakedness her eyes penetrated me deeper than anything I had ever felt.

Lowering herself onto my face, she positioned her pussy over and around my tongue, letting my tongue work its magic. Her pussy started to quake and she began to grind her hips roughly on my mouth as she moaned a long, lusty sound. She stayed over my face just until she finished cumming and then immediately stood up and looked down at me wickedly.

She lay on top of me and with her mouth just inches from my ears said, "I am looking for a relationship of a woman and a man who enjoy a certain lifestyle. My heart is kind and caring but I can be strong and demanding. I will command respect from you and devotion. We will strive to build your self confidence so attractive women will not intimidate you. I liked the way you made me laugh in the restaurant, a sense of humor is vital."

Silence, for a minute, then she sat up and started to drag her nails along my chest letting the skin break so that the pain shoots through my body, and then lowered her face next to my ear so that her breath warmed me, tracing my ear with the tip of her moist tongue and whispered, "Soon you will crave me as you have never craved before. I will penetrate your mind, your soul, and your heart and in time you will be totally mine."

Two days have passed since I met the Lady in the restaurant. I went back to the scene twice with hopes of running into her, we had not exchanged numbers and all I could do was think of her. My life was a jumbled transaction, going through the motions of living, waking, showering and each time I stepped into the shower all I could see were her emerald eyes twinkling and the smell of her pear body-wash and the softness of her pussy resting against my balls. The desire to see her again gave me erections throughout the day, the sound of her sultry whispering voice echoing inside my head. In a last ditch attempt, I decided against all odds to find the glass and marble building and stand outside across the street, not wanting to be considered a stalker, but to let her hopefully see my interest.

Standing in the shadows of the building across the street, watching to see if I could recognize her coming out and then follow her and bump into her in a store or something, my mind not thinking it through, just consumed with the thought of seeing her again. Feeling a tap on my right shoulder I jumped and turned and my eyes glazed over and my mouth jumped there she was standing beside me. A Cheshire cat grin crossing her face and a laughing sparkle in her eye.

"What brings you here?" she cooed softly.

"Um, trying to see you!" I blurted out.

Without a word she took my hand and led me across the street and through the doors and up to her dwelling again.

Once again I was a half step behind her, with my eyes lowered watching the ground. In the elevator, her fragrance intoxicated me, and the closeness with which she stood warmed the density of my soul, my manhood not under control grew to its full hardness making a tent in the front of my trousers.

Into the front door and hallway and for the second time in my life I heard, "Strip and follow me."

Not wanting to disappoint, I did as asked, again folding my clothes and piling them neatly, and placing my shoes underneath. This time she motioned for me to sit on a chair. Looking down at my hard cock she slowly removed her clothes for some reason unable to watch her, my eyes lowered until I saw her shadow move closer and straddle my legs between hers. This time she lightly touched my cock as she held it while she lowered herself down. When she came to rest on my lap she released my hardness and all I could feel was it brushing against her periodically as she sat looking at me.

I tried to lean forward and kiss her but she backed away waving a finger back and forth indicating that was not allowed. For a while, she played and toyed with my mind and body, acting as if she was going to kiss me, only to pull her mouth away at the last second. This began to drive me crazy and she knew it. She shifted her position and began to similarly tease me with her breasts and hard nipples, rubbing them against my chest and then offering them to my mouth, and each time I tried to lick, or initiate contact with them, she pulled them away out of reach.

I was so preoccupied with her teasing tits and luscious mouth that I did not even realize her slight movements on my hardness. I had been having her pussy rubbing up and down the length of my shaft the whole time and was now well lubricated with her juices. I let out a deep moan as she lowered herself, engulfing my hard steel like cock into her wet warm pussy. Her hand hit the side of my face with a sting as she said, "I did not give you permission to speak or make a sound." She continued up and down moving at a slow excruciating speed.

When she had pushed herself down and had me fully inside her she leaned over and put her mouth right next to me ear. "Remember," she said softly but sternly, "if you finish before I give my permission you will be punished." She stressed the word "will" in a way that was simultaneously exciting and very nerve wracking. As soon as she let the last word punished out she slowly began fucking me, causing me to let out a deep moan and receive another slap.

She stopped the fucking motion on my cock and gave me a very stern look. "I am not kidding, you will either control yourself and not utter a sound or I will really have my way with you." Reaching down she grasped my chin and lifted it so I was gazing directly into her deep green emerald eyes, my eyes were filled with lust and confusion, and her warm emeralds were cold, calm, and steely and as her stare penetrated me.

"Do you understand me?" she exclaimed.

"Yes," I whispered.

"Good," she answered with a wicked smile, "now you be a good boy and do as I say." She resumed her teasingly slow fuck as she lifted her hands up and put them on either side of my face. She ran her hands slowly up and down my cheeks before letting them slide down off my face and onto my shoulders.

I held back a deep soft moan in my throat, biting my lips to stay silent. Her pussy felt like nothing I had ever experienced before and was beyond anything I could ever have dreamed of. Her touch was deliberate and stern but wildly exciting. I felt jolts of excitement surging through me, starting at the points where her fingertips dragged over my skin. She smiled devilishly and let her fingertips move down to my nipples. She circled them a few times and I became aware that my own nipples had become very hard and stiff. They were not as stiff or hard as hers but they were definitely tighter than I could ever remember them being before. Her fingertips slowly flicked the points of my nipples and then her smile grew even wider as she grasped my nipples between her thumbs and index fingers. I began to smile and then quickly gasped in shock and pain as she pinched them roughly. I stared at her with wild eyes as she pinched me tightly and continued her slow fuck.

I yelped in pain again as she began pulling and twisting my nipples. Hearing my reaction almost seemed to encourage her and she began fucking me a little faster, riding my cock up and down, as she continued pulling, pinching and twisting my nipples. All I could feel was the pain of her hands on my nipples. Slowly, however, that sensation dulled a little and I became very aware again of her slick pussy moving on me. The sensation of her fucking came back into my consciousness and I became very aware that it felt even better than before. She changed her tempo but I knew that wasn't the reason it felt so much better, no, I knew that somehow the pain I felt seemed to amplify the pleasure. She knew what she was doing to me, releasing my nipples, her hands moved and traveled, scraping my skin up and over my shoulders until they were resting on my upper back. I though I might be able to reach and suckle on her breasts and nipples so I leaned forward and tried to reach her nipple. Before I could reach it, I became aware of sharp pains on my back. Immediately forgetting about her tits, I jerked in pain and screwed up my face in the waves of the new pain. I looked up at her angelic face but she seemed to looking over my shoulder at her hands. Her long nails continued to slowly rake across my skin leaving long, red lines in their wake as she scratched me like a feline marking her territory.

I was again flooded with sensations of new pain but as I grew aware the feelings subsided and I became aware once more of the intense pleasure of her pussy around my cock, the shocking mixture of pleasure and pain seemingly intensified the sensation of the fuck.

As she continued to rake my back, I stared wildly into her face and at her lean body as it rode up and down on me. I finally became aware of it, I felt my cum start to rise and swell into my balls, unable to control myself, I groaned and struggled but knowing it was helpless I let out a loud moan and began to fill her pussy with cum, exploding like a fire-hose, she looked surprised at first as she felt the exploding cum into her pussy and then her face and expression quickly turned into one of a stern and harsh disappointment. The expression smoldered with lust and sexuality. I couldn't take my gaze off her face as I continued cumming.

I finished cumming and my breath returned as she sat still for a brief moment and then said, "Are you finished now, boy?"

"Yes," I answered quietly and embarrassed.

"You did not wait for my approval, did you? Well," she said as she got up off my lap and stood tall before me, "now I get to have a little fun."

Pulling me up out of the chair she produced a set of cuffs and cuffed my wrists together. Turning me around she roughly pushed me towards her couch and hitting the back of my knees, pushed me immediately down. Falling, I hit my knees and my chest came crashing down hard on the couch cushions. Without hesitation I felt the sharp crack of her hand hitting my ass with surprising force. I cried out as the stinging and burning on my ass almost seemed to intensify as she pulled her hand away to strike me repeatedly.

"Another sound or peep and you'll be sorry" she said.

Silence and nothing I turned to see if I could see her but all I got was, "Turn back around. You will turn around when and if I say so."

I felt her hands brush against my ass before she parted the cheeks and moved towards my dark hole. When her fingertips made contact with my asshole I immediately noticed the feeling of something cold and slick on the puckered opening. Her fingers worked up and down over my hole and my mind raced with what was happening and fear penetrated my being. Her fingers moved away from my ass and I immediately felt her thighs against mine, and a movement of her closer behind me. I then felt something pressing against my virgin tight opening, opening my mouth to say something, anything, and nothing came out as I fought the intrusion for a few moments but the pressure increased and finally pushed the tip past my tight ring. I cried out in surprise and discomfort as she continued her slow but steady penetration until she drove the full length of whatever she had into me. I could feel her thighs pressing tightly against the back of my legs after she finished filling my hole. I felt like I was about to be split into two. "OH God!" I gasped in discomfort, as she started a steady but firm pace fucking my ass. Pushing my face into the couch and being overwhelmed by the sensation of her fucking my asshole. The gasping and squirming only egged her on and she continued fucking me even harder. Her fingers dragged over my lower back and ass as she continued to fuck me with what I could only guess was a strap on dildo. She fucked me long and hard, applying lubricant once and a while, as she focused on the amazing feeling of control and power she felt as she reamed my virgin asshole. To my delight and her credit her hands finally reached around and started to stroke my cock getting it harder and harder so that the sensations became intertwined and the pleasure pain was burned into my mind.

"You're a good toy and I'm going to reward you with the experiences of your life."

"You're mine now, to do as I please with."

"You will come to me when I command and you will address me as Mistress or Ma'am."

"Do you want this?" she whispered in my ear

"Yes," was all I could say. My ass burned and I was feeling her fingers wrapped around my hard cock.

"Good" and she pulled out of my ass and turned me over to see the small strap on dildo.

She looked so hot, towering over me with such a look of satisfaction on her face.

She dropped to her knees and then brought herself down until she was sitting on my chest. The small dildo was only a few inches from my face. "You are going to be a good fucking little slut. I am going to enjoy teaching you to behave, to suck my pussy, to give your self to me and only me," she seemed to be doing this as much to drive herself wild as to excite me. She had clearly driven herself into a frenzy. She moved forward and again brought her pussy down roughly over my mouth. She was smothering me and I eagerly began sucking and licking at her amazingly wet cunt. She started grinding her pussy all over my face roughly and it only took a few more minutes of this before she groaned loudly and started an intense orgasm. She stayed over my face for a few minutes just enjoying the feeling of me squirming under her and the feeling of my mouth and tongue exploring her pussy. She finally stood and looked down at my naked body and just let her eyes move all over my helpless form. Her gaze finally stopped at my throbbing pole standing at attention. Through the excitement of the fuck and the sucking of Mistress's pussy my cock had regained all of its size and I lay yearning for relief.

"I guess you've been a good boy," she mused, "I think I'll reward you."

She knelt next to me and took my cock in her hand. She began to move her fingers up and down slowly and deliberately, using a tempo that soon had me going wild. She easily kept me in control for a while longer and only seemed to let me loose control when she was ready for it. She cupped my balls with one hand and pumped my cock rapidly with the other.

It only took a few strokes like this before I was ready and started to moan.

"Cum my slut, cum for me NOW!" she whispered into my ear.

My cum flew all over my stomach and only when I was nearly done did some trickle out and run down onto her fingers and hand. Pumping the last out of my cock she lifter her hand to my mouth and began rubbing it on my lips.

"Taste it," she ordered. "Eat the cum." I opened my mouth tentatively and she shoved her fingers inside leaving all the cum that was on her hand inside my mouth. I swallowed it quickly as she looked down at me intently.

"There now," she said in her sultry voice, "that wasn't so bad was it?" "Trust me, the first time is always the hardest. The next time will be much easier."

"Now, get dressed. I think you know the way out."

His life was in constant flux now, again leaving Her apartment, not knowing Her name other than Mistress, not knowing if and when he would be in her service again. There was him and there was Her. He seemed not to be able to think of his life in any other way. It was as if their lives were completely intertwined. They depended on each other, life was not easy, but they loved it, and had each other to depend on, to have faith in and to hopefully love. Love was the thing that made it possible, the only thing that made it worthwhile to survive.

This Mistress knows very well that there is something in the way our lives have intertwined. In all that I have submitted to Her, my submission is equaled in Her beautiful dominance. Every fantasy in me has or is the same fantasy from the other side in Her. In the very acts that She commands there is a reaction from the Mistress.

Sitting in the restaurant having a meal and a drink, lost in my thoughts, having a conversation within my mind, it was light and I was coming to grips with the fact that the two encounters with Mistress were more figments of my imagination than a reality of the pleasures and submission that I felt I had experienced, when suddenly all my thoughts were consumed by that of Mistress. I could not get Her out of my head and I was actually amazed that the feeling of dread had not caught up with me sooner, I was trying to lose myself in the thoughts and not to think about how much I missed Her. Not hearing from Her in a while and making excuses that I had not left Her my number, or taken Hers did nothing to ease the hole in my soul. The feeling was growing and somehow different, a sense like I was feeling her almost as if she was close to me. In my mind it seemed as if I could feel Her approaching me and yet how would She know I was here, there was no logical way that this could be happening, putting it down to my mind and heart playing tricks on me.

Suddenly an eerie quiet fell over the restaurant and a cool chill ran down my spine and I looked up and with the rest of the people in the restaurant looked to the front door.

My goodness, my jaw dropped felt like it hit the table top.

Mistress was walking through the door. Her emerald eyes immediately locked on mine, I froze and felt so many feelings all run the gauntlet through me at the exact same time. Her movement was pure art as She sauntered towards me. Her long curls flowing behind Her as she put one stiletto boot in front of the other with loud clicks on the ceramic tiled floor. Mistress's leather skirt was hugging Her long beautiful legs. Her top was just low enough to reveal the cleavage and I was completely awe struck at the beauty moving in my direction.

She walked right up to the table and immediately to me. I was frozen gazing up at Her. The emerald eyes pierced my soul and I felt every emotion except that of pure worship evaporate from my being. I was hopeless and completely lost in submission. Just seeing Her was all it took. Mistress grabbed me by the chin as all the patrons in the restaurant just stared in amazement at the scene playing before their eyes. Mistress moved my head from side to side arching my neck to look up at Her. The long fingers tightened around my jaw so that I could feel her dark red nails digging in my skin.

"At least you have been taking good care of my property." she purred and then whispered, "Let's go, pet."

She led me out of the restaurant. I was silent and in a complete state of shock. She led me to the limo waiting in front of the restaurant, opened the back door and said, "Strip and get in, NOW!" I hesitated; the reaction was quick and brutal. SLAP. I got the picture and stripped my clothes off and got in the back seat. I watched her put on Her leather gloves and smiling at me, but it was a smile that made me afraid of what might be coming my way.

"So pet, it is not cold out here, what is your excuse?" you said in a low sultry voice as You looked down at my member. I blushed and You laughed that evil laugh. The laugh that controls me, humiliates me and draws me closer to being and giving everything I am to You. Your gloved hand reached down and took my member into Your hand and started to move your leather gloves over it slowly stroking it up and down. I was so hard in an instant. Your smile went right through me.

The ride was short and silent. The air was sweet with the smell of life, the sky was covered in brilliant stars, this felt like home to me, beside my Mistress with Her hands stroking me ever so gently.

We talked about everything, I told her tales of the events of the days that we were parted, of how nothing could compare to the feeling of being home and in Her arms, and the feeling of Her hands on me and the warmth of Her breath on my skin. I felt bonded together, body and soul, forever.

We got out of the limo and walking to a glen of soft grass protected by shrubs, Mistress took off her clothes, pulling me close and just staring into each others eyes for what seemed like hours. Mistress moved to me, and I saw a flash in her emerald eye. I met Her half way with a passionate kiss.

Our arms intertwined in a moment, and Our bodies pushed against each other. It was animal passion for the first four or five minutes looking almost more like a battle than an act of love. We rolled in the grass with each other, playfully rolling over and over, then it stopped suddenly, Mistress was slightly on top of me, and we just gazed into each others eyes, I leaned up, and kissed her lips so softly, so sweetly, and I ran my finger down the small of Her back to the back of Her thigh. Mistress raised an eyebrow at me, and gave me a small evil smile. Grabbing me by the shoulders throwing me onto my back She straddled me, my cock so hard already. Looking into my eyes, lowering herself onto me slowly, deliberately; I let out a loud moan oh it felt so good. Mistress smiled again at my reaction, and put her entire body around me. All the way down Her hips against mine, and She threw Her head back in passion and let out such a moan of pleasure. Mistress, leaned down again, and taking my face in Her hands, and kissing me deeply, Her tongue exploring my eager mouth. I kissed back pulling Her into me tighter and tighter. The love the passion just could not be stood anymore, Mistress, started up and down, the moans of pleasure coming loudly for both O/our throats. She rode me very hard, sometimes fast, sometimes slowing down just to hear me beg and grunt small moans of protest. I needed Her so badly like the air that I breathe, and Mistress, needed me like crops need rain, all just seemed perfect, and for that moment in time nothing else mattered. One life, one soul, and one love together forever.

It was only a few hours before I was her sub, now I was her man, her lover, and her friend. I was her partner. The relationship that they found is so beautiful and amazing. It might be so hard for other people to understand it, but they understand it perfectly. They would not want to have it any other way. 