Galendi
bySpankerSam©

Although I have written many erotic stories, I have always wanted to write sci-fi. This is an attempt to combine the two. I would appreciate any feedback from readers and writers. If I get enough encouragement, I will work on the rest of the story.

GALENDI!

Galendi paced back and forth in the tiny cubicle that had been allotted to her. She could feel the droplets of moisture that collected all over her body. Even the one-piece body suit that she wore, one of the new ones that was supposed to compensate for changes in body condition, did not draw off the sweat as fast as it collected. "Sweat!" Such a strange word for what her body did. No one 'sweated' in this day and age. But right now her body was sweating. In fact, she was sweating profusely. And along with the sweat, she began to notice a distinct odor. She sniffed the air trying to figure out where the offensive odor was coming from.

Turning her head, she noticed the odor grew more pungent. Sniffing down at her arms, she drew back in horror. The odor that she smelled was coming from her own body. Or worst yet, the body that she presently wore. With a feeling of horror and revulsion, Galendi began to rip the suit from her body. Made in such a way, the material was impervious. Until she pressed the fastening studs in just the right order, the suit would not open to allow her to discard it. Taking deep breaths to try and calm herself, Galendi stood in the center of the room shaking. She would have shook even more had she known that her movements were being monitored.

"Corinda! I think that Galendi was the wrong choice for a project as important as this. Why didn't you pick a more experienced agent? Surely in your vast experience, you know the probability of a disaster, stemming from her inexperience, is beyond calculating." Corinda sat back in the lounge pod drawing slowly on a 'codic stem. She held the mildly sweet tasting air in her mouth, and then slowly she swallowed and blew out a plume of blue tinted air. Her eyes followed the plume as it dissipated in the breeze of the filtered air that passed thru her cubicle.

Lifting her eyes she gazed at the person speaking to her. The speaker, waiting for and answer to the question he had posed, turned and looked back at Corinda. They held this stance for more than a few heartbeats. This battle of wills had gone on for longer than either of them could remember. Time has no meaning when your job gives you the opportunity to move thru it. Neither of them blinked, nor did they turn their gaze from each other. This war of wills could go on for what passed for hours in their timeframe.

Suddenly Corinda smiled. To anyone else, that smile would have frozen their hearts with fear and their minds with confused thoughts of flight or fight. But Jaccara was not anyone else. He had dealt with Corinda for more lifetimes than most people experience. He was immune to her actions and her threats.

"That is exactly why I insisted that she be made second partner on this mission. When the Emporium handed down their decision that they needed this information on the sexual habits of 20th Century Homosapiens, it was my detachment that was stuck with the job. How many different scenarios have you gone thru only to have your agents killed, discovered or so corrupted that you dare not retrieve them? And just why is this bit of knowledge so vitally important? Tell me, oh great wise one? Could it be that what the doomsayers have been babbling about for the last two centuries is true after all?"

Jacarra made a strange noise in what could only be his throat and turned his head. "Damn her!" He thought. Oh how he would love for some convenient mishap to remove this irritant from his sight. But right now, she was the only hope he had of completing the task given to him by the Emporium. The Emporium! That all mighty power! They governed not only this plane of the Universe but countless Universes along with it.

Even as he thought of some lie to tell her, the thought died in his brain. She would know. In some unlikely way, Corinda always knew. That was one of the things that made her so successful. It also made her very, very dangerous. Jacarra swung around and stared at her. His eyes locked with hers. Then as if he had come to a decision, he nodded and walked over to one of the smooth walls that made up the cube.

Placing his hands in spots only he knew the exact location of, he manipulated his fingers in a combination so quickly that even Corinda could not have memorized it. Corinda felt the fine hair that now covered most of her body begin to tingle. Only the fact that Jacarra would never dare to try eliminating her in her own cubicle kept her smiling at him.

"Corinda, you have sources that so far we have been unable to fathom. But sometimes you skirt the limits of safety even for you. What is said here will never be repeated outside this room. In fact, you never heard it; nor have you even thought of something like this." Jacarra went to another wall and after placing his hands in various spots; a part of it slid back and revealed multicolored cubes.

Taking one of the cubes from the shelf, he held it out to Corinda. She shook her head 'no'. Jacarra shrugged his shoulders and placed one of the cubes in a vessel. The cube quivered, and then liquid flowed from it to fill the vessel. Jacarra took a sip of the liquid and his whole body seemed to quiver for just a second. Then he stood stark still and his nostrils flared. Taking deep breaths, he slowly regained his posture of calm.

This time when he looked at Corinda there was a definite change in his attitude. He was once again in control. The look on his face was one of surety, serenity and determination. Corinda was about to curl her lips in a disgusting sneer. But even she knew better than to tickle the dragon's tail in his own lair. She had heard about the mood altering liquids. In fact, she had banned their use by any of her agents. Their use caused the user to become filled with the feeling of indestructibility and infallibility. In her profession, those attributes made you dead. And most times, put all around you in jeopardy.

The room seemed to grow smaller. Corinda knew that the device that Jacarra had activated would allow no sound or thought to leave the room. It was as if they had been transported to a place and time that didn't exist. In fact they had been shifted in time. They were in null time. The physical room they were in still occupied the same time and space but their bodies would not be there, had someone dared open the door and look in.

Corinda hated null space. All the horror stories that she had heard, of beings forced to exist in it, made the skin she wore crawl. If anything went wrong she would be banished here forever. There was no way back to the real time and space she had occupied without the exact combination of coordinates that had placed her here in the first place. And knowing Jacarra, he was using a phase shifter to scramble even those.

Her mind jerked back to the words he was saying to her. "Yes! The doomsayers were correct. There has been so much genetic corrections, so much gene manipulations that the race of Homosapiens as we know it is doomed. Within the next generation or two, the defects will become more and more pronounced. As it is, we are having a hard time keeping all the flaws secret."

Corinda didn't allow her face to show any change of thought or emotion. So the rumors she had been hearing were true. "You and your team of agents", he said the word agents as if it left a bad taste in his mouth, "are being sent back in time to retrieve as much genetic material as possible. This has to be done with the utmost care. No one! And I mean no one must ever guess that you are not exactly what you appear to be!"

Jacarra stood looking at Corinda as if by his will alone, he could make her submit to his will. She stared right back without a flicker of her eyelash, staring him down. "After a careful study of the history of the time, it was determined that by using this disguise, our plan can succeed. That was the reason for the body modifications, the training in sexual practices and the mental implants you were given. Only by posing as the type of women who were known to be promiscuous; known to enjoy as many sexual partners as often as possible, can you hope to collect enough material to make the effort viable. Now does that answer the question you already knew the answer to?"

Corinda would have smiled if she dared. But she was too experienced to give away the information that she had. "Why my team? Surely there is not so much experience needed, that any team couldn't accomplish this for you?" Damn her, Jacarra wanted to shout. But he was stuck. He would have to give her the answers that had almost caused him to be banished in a dimension not unlike the one they were in now. He seemed to deflate in stature. His shoulders slumped and he suddenly looked old. Corinda would have cringed away from him like a person drawing away from a disease if she dared.

"We tried. Four time zones ago we sent in three teams. Their job was to retrieve as much genetic material as they could and return. Something went terribly wrong. When they came back, they were contaminated with defects that we were not equipped to deal with. They had defects of the blood, skin, and body..." Jacarra shivered.

Corinda sat upright in her lounger. The pod immediately changed shape to accommodate her. This was something even she knew nothing about. How could her spies have been so lax as to miss this important information? "How did this happen? And why wasn't I told when the assignment was first given to me?"

Jacarra saw something that in his wildest fantasies he would have never imagined. For the first time that anyone would ever remember, he saw fear in Corinda. But instead of giving him a sense of smugness, it made his own fears grow even greater. If this woman, it was always assumed that she was female, could be afraid then they were in trouble unprecedented.

"Our studies found that all the defects were of a microbial nature. It seems that while they did collect the specimens they were sent to collect, their methods left much to be desired. They were careless and sloppy. They took no precautions against self-contamination. We had to destroy the lot of them along with all the specimens they had brought back."

Jacarra walked back and forth. A bundle of nervous energy, he could not have stood still for anything. "You on the other hand, have a knack. There has never been an assignment that you have not completed. No matter the difficulty, no matter the obstacles, you always come thru. The Emporium feels that no other can do what you can do. That is why you were chosen and that is why you were given such wide latitude in your choices. But tell me Corinda, why Galendi?"

His shift in conversation almost caught her off guard. Her mind was still dwelling on the contamination and she almost blurted out one of the most well kept secrets of her life. "She is one of the quickest and brightest students I have ever encountered. There are no obstacles that I have been able to put in her way that she has not overcome. Her speed and agility is amazing even for one so young and inexperienced. Her scores in training were phenomenal. In some things they were off the chart! Does that answer your question Jacarra? And before you or any of the "Others" get any bright ideas, I'll kill to keep her. And that means that I'll not only kill the persons trying to get her, I'll kill her to keep her out of their clutches."

Coming from anyone else, that would have been an idle threat not to be worth considering. But Corinda's ability was known throughout more time zones than Jacarra could name. Her threat was a real one. Oh well, one could dream. What Corinda almost told him, what his tactic had almost made her blurt out; was that Galendi had been engineered to be one of the most sexually submissive creatures Corinda had ever encountered. And she had been engineered from the genes of Corinda's body. But she was submissive only to Corinda. With her propensity to enjoy this new type of sexual experience and Galendi's submissiveness, she would have more fun than ever.

"Takes us back to real time Jacarra." The feeling of her skin crawling was becoming a distraction. Jacarra would have used this opportunity to toy with her. Except for the fact that her body language implied a threat he was not about to question. She wanted out. And even he knew better than to play with this rouge.

Coming out of time phase was one of the weirdest feelings Corinda had ever felt. Even after all the times she had done it, she still didn't feel comfortable about it. As the room once again materialized, the scene that caught their eyes kept them both still. Galendi had calmed down enough to remove the body suit she wore. As she peeled the suit off, the ebony shine of her body made both watchers gasp in awe.

In a world of body sculpturing, gene splicing and DNA manipulation, seeing a body of such color was rare enough to stop one in their tracks. The color of Galendi's body was black. But a black that was so dark and deep, that it shown in the harsh light. The fine sheen of perspiration only added to the shine of it. Jacarra couldn't understand how anyone so obviously lacking in color could be attractive.

Corinda had done the research on beings of that time period. For the work that they had to do, they needed strong genes. The genetic pool was strongest in the people who had suffered the most. During her research, she couldn't believe the things that the so-called "Black" people had endured. Their strength and endurance in the face of constant trials and tribulations shocked her. Her background and training knew the type of fighting force they would have been with only the right type of leaders to lead them.

Corinda had no sooner left the cubicle, than another figure, this one clothed in a material so black as to make his features unrecognizable, stepped into it from another entrance. "You Heard", Jacarra said to the figure? The figure only nodded in affirmation. Not a sound could be heard coming from it. Not even the sound of breathing could be distinguished. "I can't tell you how important this really is or why. But you know what is expected. Corinda must not succeed! No matter what actions you must take."

Jacarra had become so agitated; he was pacing back and forth. No one who had ever dealt with him or his kind before had ever seen them lose composure like this. "A lot has been put into motion and we can only succeed if she fails. And by failure, I mean everyone on her team either dead or incapacitated. And don't use those fools that were used for the last mission. Their bungling almost brought that dreaded disease right back to infect us all. How could you have picked such inept operatives? That team was supposed to die on that planet in that particular time zone. Instead, they returned and opened this whole venture to questions we never wanted asked."

The figure stood stark still. Jacarra had no idea if it even had ears to hear with. But the figure nodded and before Jacarra could say another word, turned and flowed out the room. Jacarra felt the fine hairs at the base of his throat tingle. How he hated dealing with the "Deathlings". But they were the only ones capable of doing away with Corinda and her team. Jacarra smiled as he imagined what the look on Corinda's face would be when she realized that she was dealing with the "Deathlings".

No one was really sure just what the "Deathlings" were. It was known that when they were first encountered, the outcome had been disastrous. The entire compliment of Techterrors that had first become involved with them was sent back in pieces. Only one was alive and he was given the message that no one was ever to return to that particular point in time and space.

If his story was to be believed, the shadows, as they were first called, descended among the Techterrors and immediately began to disassemble them. No! The truth was that the so far invincible Techterrors were torn apart. No one had ever stood against the Techterrors before, so at first this was unbelievable. But after two different attempts, the results were the same.

After many attempts at communication, which resulted in many deaths, a form of communication was established. No one had ever heard them talk. But they understood every word spoken to them. No one knew what he or she looked like. It was not know whether they were male or female. When payment was made for a job that they had undertaken, another race accepted it for them. And any undertaking they accepted was done quickly, efficiently and they had never failed before.

Having received all the information that it needed, the "Deathling" seemed to just dissolve as it returned to its own time and dimension. Jacarra stood looking at the place where the creature had stood. He couldn't help the feeling that his skin was crawling. He had only twice dealt with these creatures. Each time had been born of desperation. But once dispatched, the final outcome was a foregone conclusion. No other race of creatures, no other species known in the different universes or time zones had ever been able to defeat them.

Corinda had specified the measurements that Galendi would assume. When Galendi had first volunteered for this assignment, she was told only that it involved structural body changes. Well that was nothing that was new or foreign to her. After all, she was an Agent of the Inter-Dimensional Forces of Change. It was her job to travel time zones and alter the course of events. They were given the power of life or death for any number of species.

But this body was an abomination! The cubicle she was assigned to had four clean walls. But one wall was of a material that reflected her image back to her. When she first saw her body, she couldn't believe what it was she saw. The color was so dark it almost hurt her eyes. But she had been colored more exotic shades than this before. It was the shape of it that almost made her scream.

Stuck in front of her were twin mounds. They were what seemed like cones of flesh with even darker circles at the top. On the tip of each cone was about a half-inch of puckered skin. She had a smooth stomach, with what seemed like an indented hole in the low center. Between her legs was what could only be described as a healed wound. But it had healed in a deformed manner. The sides of skin were smooth and swollen. And when she reached down to examine it, her hand came away wet.

In a panic, she thought that she was leaking fluid. She screamed then. Screamed and began to bang on the closed door to get someone's attention. Surely the fools in the medical corps had fouled up. How could they miss such a thing? She only hoped that she could get someone to answer her before she had drained all her fluids and died.

Corinda, sitting in her own cubicle, examining the changes that had been done to her own body glanced at the view screen. She also had the tits of a well-endowed woman. Her body was fuller than Galendi's was. Her hips were rounder and more abundant. The biggest difference between the two women was very evident when she looked at herself in the image wall. Between Corinda's thighs there seemed to be a huge lump. She said the word to herself again. "Hermaphrodite!"

When her research Captain had come up with the word she thought it foreign even to a people so primitive. When she learned just what a hermaphrodite was, she stated that there was no way that she would allow her body to be so deformed. But Corinda was a Professional. She did what ever it took to complete her mission. Her record of successes said so. And her record spoke volumes. 


Corinda had read all the research that she could obtain about the type of person a hermaphrodite was. She had even been able to obtain some old sexual books and films about their sexual habits. Secretly, she couldn't wait to try out her new equipment. And Galendi was a perfect subject to try it out on. She could hear Galendi screaming at the top of her lungs that she was leaking.

The scene was so funny to her that she began to laugh. Her soft chuckle soon turned into a belly holding laugh. The feeling was new to her, but it felt good. Along with a new body, the team had been imprinted with a mixture of emotions. Emotions in these beings had long been diminished to the point of not existing at all. Seeing how distraught the young agent was becoming and knowing that other personnel were forbidden to enter her cubicle, Corinda got up and left to reassure her that all was well.

When she pressed her code in the door, it slid back into itself with the quietness of a whisper. Galendi stood before the door, her hands raised to pound it again. The look on her face was one that Corinda would forever keep in her mind. "Is there some kind of problem? I could hear your screams all the way down to my cubicle." Galendi looked up into the face of her superior. She had not seen her since they went in for reconstruction and had no idea what Corinda would look like. But there was no mistaking the voice or attitude.

"Corinda! I think that the Medical Corp has made a mistake. I seem to be leaking body fluids. And there seems to be an unhealed scar between my legs." Corinda looked at her young protégé with all the scorn she could muster. "You dumb slut! Didn't you read the material I sent to you?" Galendi backed up at the sound of the venom in Corinda's voice. She had read only some of the material. When it got into the biological aspects of things, she had become bored and decided to read the rest later.

Later didn't come around soon enough. She was rushed into reconstruction before she could finish reading everything. Now she realized that not having read all of the material was going to cause her innumerable problems with Corinda. And she wanted to displease Corinda about as much as she wanted to give up her position and all the perks that went along with it.

"But Corinda, Look at me! My body is grotesque." Corinda did look at her. She gave Galendi's body a very careful look. With her clothes removed, all of the 'womanly' charms that Corinda had insisted be sculptured into Galendi's body were evident. Corinda could feel the stirring of sensations that were totally new to her being. But she had expected them. In fact, she could hardly contain herself in the expectation of what these feelings would lead to.

Corinda lifted her hand up and caressed the twin globes of Galendi's tits. Galendi shivered not really knowing why. But something inside her began to feel warm and soft. Against everything that she had understood or thought she understood earlier, Galendi began to welcome this attention. She felt herself arching her body to press harder against Corinda's soft caressing hand. As Corinda circled the young girl, she let her hand trail across the girl's body as she moved behind her. Galendi could feel Corinda's hot breath on the back of her neck. She shivered as she felt Corinda's hands mold and manipulate the soft cheeks of her ass. Instead of recoiling, she actually pushed back as she felt the tip of Corinda's finger push into her soft opening. Then she felt as well as heard the older woman whispering to her.

"You have exactly four hours to go thru the paperwork you failed to examine. At the end of that time, I will return and we will begin the first exercise into your sexuality. I only hope that you will greet it with as much enthusiasm as possible. The fate of our mission may just depend on how well you handle yourself."

Galendi couldn't understand what was happening to her. She could feel Corinda working her finger deeper and deeper up into her ass. Galendi wasn't familiar with what she was feeling. And yet, she was moving her body to an unfamiliar rhythm. She had even bent slightly and pushed her ass out to allow the woman easier access. A soft moan escaped her lips. She turned her head and looked into the image glass. The sight that struck her eyes was strange, foreign and yet sexually stimulating in a way she had never felt before. She could see the look on Corinda's face as the woman slowly worked her finger in and out of the tender opening.

Corinda seemed to be in a trance. Her face was set in a pose that Galendi had never seen. She seemed to be breathing twice as hard, as she slowly pumped her finger into Galendi's ass. And Galendi wished that she could describe the feelings that were stimulating her at this moment. Corinda opened her eyes and looked in the image glass at Galendi. She smiled and pushed her finger completely in the young girl. Galendi groaned but she also ground her ass against the penetrating finger. Suddenly as if she had been doing it all her life, she began to hump her ass harder and faster.

Corinda pulled her finger from the panting girl. "Please? Please don't take it out yet. I don't know what was about to happen, but I wanted it to. I needed it to happen!" Corinda looked at the young girl. Galendi didn't realize that she was literally begging Corinda to continue to use her. Corinda, knowing what Galendi didn't, understood that it was the submissive nature that had been implanted in the young girl that had her acting this way.

"Oh don't worry my sweet pet. I'll be back in just four short hours. And when I come back, I think you will be very eager to please me, won't you?" Corinda continued to rub and massage Galendi's ass as she talked to her. Galendi looked into the image glass at the older woman. "Oh Corinda! I'll do whatever you want me to. Just make me feel like this again. It will be so hard to concentrate. I can hardly think straight."

Corinda straightened up and again stood in front of the young girl. "How good I make you feel will be judged by how well you learn your lesson." Corinda bent her head and captured one of the pointed nipples in her mouth. Galendi moaned as her boss sucked it into her mouth. Then she let it go, and smiling exited the cubicle.

Galendi stood just as she was for long moments after the panel slid shut. She shook her head trying to understand what had just happened. She would never submit to anyone the way she had just submitted to Corinda. And yet, the feeling of submission gave her a warm throbbing between her thighs. Feeling cautiously, she slid her hand down to her wound. She was even wetter than she was before. But somehow she knew she was supposed to be.

Corinda could barely contain herself. She had no sooner entered her cubicle, than she turned on the viewer that enabled her to watch Galendi. Then touching a button she smiled as the door slid open and a demure girl entered the room. Having this particular slave altered to fit her needs had been risky. But she knew that no one dared to question her motives.

The slave knelt before Corinda. Corinda smiled a wicked smile as she hit the studs that would unfasten her one-piece. Reaching between her thighs, Corinda eased out the pride of her assignment. The slave, knowing exactly what to do, began to lick up and down the shaft. Corinda threw her head back and relished the feeling. Oh how much better this will feel when it was Galendi doing what this slave was doing?

Corinda grabbed the slave's head and began to pump it up and down on her growing "cock". She liked the sound of that word. And she would be soon shoving it up Galendi's "cunt, slit, pussy". There were so many different names for what a female had and not that many for a man's organ. And the ones for a man didn't sound as exotic as the ones for a woman.

She looked down at the slave. Moisture was dripping along the shaft as the slave worked her mouth up and down. She showed no outward feelings as she serviced this woman. Nor did she scream out when she was pushed over onto her back and she was mounted. Only small grunts and groans could be heard as Corinda "fucked" her slave. Smiling, she knew that Galendi would be a lot more animated.

With a groan, and a shudder, Corinda contracted her muscles and the specially formulated crème was ejaculated from the tip of her shaft. Getting up, she turned to look at the viewer. The slave got up and saying not a word, silently slipped from the room. Corinda smiled as she watched the studying girl. Galendi was slumped in her chair. As she read the words on the data cube before her, her hand was slowly stroking the gash between her thighs.

Galendi couldn't believe some of the things she was reading. Did two people really do the things that were described in the data cube? Then remembering the feel of Corinda's finger as it "reamed" her asshole, she smiled. "I guess they do", she said out loud. But she wasn't prepared for the section that described Corinda. Galendi had just gotten used to the idea that the cut between her thighs, "her cunt, slit, pussy", was just for women. Finding out that Corinda had not only a cunt, but also a prick to use, really shocked her. And that both of them were fully functional was even more of a surprise.

Galendi began to laugh. It started as a small chuckle but soon became a stomach holding roar. In her mind, she saw Corinda standing in the middle of a room slowly fucking herself. But her laughter subsided as she realized that Corinda would be using that "cock" on her. A small screen opened and Corinda was able to see every detail of what Galendi read. Good! The girl was getting to the point of her submission to Corinda. She was also finding out about the other members of the team.

Galendi read on. She was part of a 6-person team. The team leader was of course, Corinda. But she was surprised to find herself as second-in-command. The team also consisted of two "Techterror 10's". Techterrors were beings that were specially bred and genetically engineered for one purpose only. They were created as willing and eager warriors. They knew how to do three things. "They could kill, they could protect those they were directed to defend, THEY COULD KILL!"

Their name was just what it was meant to imply, "Technological Terrors". The #10 meant that this was just the latest fighting force created. And these two were bred to obey Corinda only. Or, in the unlikely event of Corinda's disability, to continue their mission by killing her and obeying Galendi.

The other two menbers of the team were also genetically altered females. One was given an unusual sexual appetite. The term was 'nymphomaniac'. The other enjoyed such a variety of diverse sexual habits that Galendi got dizzy trying to go thru them all. This member would do anything and everything. Galendi touched the stud on her viewer and the prepared filmies of sexual habits were revealed to her.

Watching the view with determined interest, she was shown a woman being used to please a man in many different ways. The man was slightly oversized but the woman followed his directions eagerly. Galendi could feel her heart beating faster as she watched the woman take his enormous tool in every hole of her body. Then there was one with the same woman and another woman. This time the woman was using her tongue, fingers, mouth and other tools to please the woman.

In each filmy, the woman was being submissive to her partner. These filmies were made specifically at Corinda's instructions. They were intended to show Galendi how it could feel good to be submissive. And indeed, seeing the woman so used did make Galendi excited as she watched. Galendi experimented. She did some of the things to her own body that she had seen the man do to the woman.

As Galendi sat back in the chair, it automatically began to mold itself to her posture. When she was lying flat, Galendi spread her legs and lifted them in the air. In her own cubicle, Corinda looked on. Galendi began to slowly ease her fingers in and out of her slit. As she did, the warm feelings she had felt when Corinda was fingering her ass returned. Knowing that she had been stopped from reaching the climax like the woman in the filmies, she used more fingers in her cunt.

Corinda watched closely as the look on Galendi's face grew more intense. Standing in her own cubicle, legs spread, Corinda was slowly pumping her growing cock. She banged on the button that would summon her slave. The girl came in and Corinda grabbed her and turning her around, forced her to bend at the waist. With an audible grunt, Corinda pushed her hard cock up the small girl's ass. Then she used one of the enhancements that she had built into her new body.

Using her will alone, Corinda began to fuck the girl without moving. As if it had a life of it's own, the cock attached to Corinda's body began to grow and shrink. The size grew fatter and then became thinner. Smiling to herself, Corinda was slowly fucking the girl just by changing the dimensions of her cock. The girl was soon moaning and crying out as she gyrated her ass up and down, back and forth.

In her cubicle, Galendi was just about ready to reach her peak. Her fingers were almost a blur as she worked them in and out. Her head was thrown back, her eyes were squeezed tight and she was moaning and crying out herself. Nothing had ever felt like this before. It felt even better than when Corinda used her finger. But Galendi wanted to feel something bigger than her puny fingers. She reached up and began to pinch and pull her nipples. The slight pain felt even better.

Galendi had found the hidden peeper almost as soon as she had entered the cubicle. And she knew that no one but Corinda would be watching her. She moved around until she was giving the peeper a good view of her fingers working in and out her cunt. Just to fuck with Corinda, Galendi pulled her fingers out and licked the sticky wetness from them. In her own cubicle, Corinda had the slave screaming at the top of her lungs as the cock grew to ever more dangerous proportions.

When Galendi sucked on her cum-covered fingers that took Corinda over the edge. With a savage cry, she lunged and felt her cock swell. The slave gave a strangled cry and went limp. Looking down, Corinda realized that she had literally fucked the poor girl to death. Pulling her cock free, she was surprised to see that it was 14 inches long and as was as fat around as her wrist.

Corinda allowed the slave to drop on the floor. Someone else would clean up the mess she had left. This was just a part of the inherit meanness within her. But her mind was on the beautiful Galendi who was still fingering herself before the peeper. She would have to make sure that she used great control when she finally did fuck Galendi. And she intended to fuck her often. Walking out the room, Corinda stepped into the fresher that was reserved for her team only.

After using the fresher, Corinda walked naked into the cubicle that housed Galendi. Galendi was still slowly working her fingers in and out her cunt. She had not been able to duplicate the feelings that Corinda had given her. Seeing the woman as she entered the cube, Galendi's eyes went immediately to the long cock that dangled between Corinda's legs. Corinda looked down at the woman. She had allowed her cock to shrink to a mere 9 inches. Taking it in her hand, she began to stroke it as Galendi's eyes stayed fixed on it. "Is this what you wanted Galendi? If you were to ask me nicely, I might consider giving it to you. Did you find the filmies exciting? Would you like to feel what the woman felt as the man pumped his cock into her?"

Galendi couldn't explain what was happening to her. She slid off the lounger and didn't notice as it resumed a chair-like posture. On her knees, Galendi approached Corinda. Taking the cock in her hands, she looked up at Corinda. "Please let me have it? I'll do whatever you like, please you any way you want me to. Just let me feel you shoving this beautiful cock up my pussy."

Corinda smiled at the words that Galendi used. She had been given the words and their meanings that were used sexually in the time period they would enter. Corinda reached down and ran her fingers thru the short-cropped hair on Galendi's head. "Such a sweet little slut. I'm going to enjoy giving this lovely body of yours hours of attention. But for now, show me how much you want to please me."

Galendi bent her head and began to lick the head and shaft of Corinda's dick. Holding it gently, Galendi moaned and cooed as she paid homage to the dick. "That's it you Black Bitch! Lick that cock. I'm gonna fuck every hole in your sweet body. And I won't be the only person who is going to enjoy you. You will be my personal "freak". When men see how sluttish you can act, they'll want to fuck you a lot. That will insure that we get plenty of genetic material and fulfill our mission."

Galendi hadn't heard too much of what Corinda was saying. All her attention was devoted to servicing the smooth shaft that she was working her mouth up and down on. She had an innate ability to sucking cock. She used her tongue to stimulate it as she worked her mouth on it. She sucked it with just enough pressure and made sure that her saliva kept it wet so that her mouth would slide smoothly.

Standing with her legs wide, Corinda was holding onto Galendi's head. She allowed the girl to control her actions. But the way Galendi was making her feel, she knew she would crème soon, if she didn't stop her. Pushing Galendi to the floor, she stood breathing hard trying to control herself. She looked down at the sprawled figure. "Your mouth is good slut. But I want to feel that juicy pussy. Get up on that lounger and open those fuckin thighs."

Hearing Corinda talk to her in such a way would have ordinarily infuriated Galendi. But with the submissive mode that she had been implanted with, she sheepishly obeyed. With the sound of her pleading and whining still ringing in her ears, Galendi lay on her back and eagerly awaited the invasion of Corinda's cock.

Corinda had used her slaves to perfect her fucking technique. She crawled on top of Galendi and slowly eased the head of her dick inside. At the first touch of the bulbous head entering her, Galendi arched her pelvis upwards. But Corinda wanted to solidify her power over the young girl. Using just the head of her cock, Corinda slowly fucked the girl. Galendi, lying underneath her boss and team leader, eagerly tried to work more of the dick inside her.

"Please give it to me! Oh Corinda! I need to feel that cock filling my cunt! Please! Oh please! Fuck me! FUCK MEEEEE!" Galendi's voice rose as her need to be filled magnified. She began to grab and pull the older woman. Tears of frustration were running down her cheeks. Holding back the desire to enlarge her cock and hear Galendi's scream Corinda fed more and more of her cock into the girl. She used her body instead of letting her cock grow and shrink.

Corinda liked the feeling of power that Galendi's begging gave her. She pulled out and stood up by the shaking girl. Galendi reached for Corinda, but the older woman stayed just out of reach. "Don't tease me Corinda! I'll do anything to feel that sweet cock up my cunt." Corinda let out a hard cruel laugh. "Oh I know you will. From this point on my sweet Galendi, you are my pet. Your only purpose will be to give me pleasure. And you will do anything to please me. Won't you?"

Corinda's cock was dripping with the thick juice from Galendi's hot throbbing pussy. Looking up at her idol of pleasure, Galendi crawled off the couch like a cat. Then she put her mouth over Corinda's cock. Just as if she had been doing it all her life, Galendi began to give Corinda all the sweet cock sucking she could. And Corinda was surprised at how easily Galendi worked it deep in her throat.


"Oh yes my sweet love slave. Show me how eager you are to please this cock. Suck it all the way down your hot tight throat. I'm gonna fuck each of your holes my love. Even when I watch others fuck your tender body, it will be my dick and pussy you think of." With that, Corinda pulled her dick from Galendi's mouth. Then she held the shaft against her stomach.

Galendi couldn't believe her eyes. Not only did Corinda have a long fat cock; she also had a pulsing juicy pussy beneath it. Knowing what was expected of her, she began to lick it with just as much gusto as she had shown while sucking. Corinda placed one foot up on the couch and gave Galendi the room she needed to do a good job. The young girl didn't disappoint her.

With long strokes of her tongue, Galendi soon had Corinda humping her pussy/dick groin hard and fast. Then with a grunt, Corinda grabbed Galendi and shoved the cock in her mouth. Even though she had never before even sucked a cock, she knew that she was suppose to drink the thick hot cum that shot from its tip. And when it blasted into her mouth she tried to do just that. Galendi's cheeks bulged with the amount of hot cum that Corinda shot into her. Swallowing as fast as she could, she was able to drink much of it. But a large amount dripped from her lips and splashed on the floor.

Corinda looked down at her protégé and smiled. "Very well done my pet. I can see that we will have many splendid hours together. But we have other work to do. I will give you a little time to get yourself together. Then we will have our first team meeting." With that, Corinda turned and left Galendi totally bewildered. Galendi watched Corinda as the door whispered shut behind her. She couldn't understand what had come over her. She would never have acted like that before. And yet her mouth still felt and tasted Corinda's cum and the pulsing feel of her dick.

Galendi walked to the fresher on shaky legs. Her pussy throbbed at the memory of how Corinda had worked her cock in and out of it. She couldn't help it as her hand strayed down between her thighs. As her slim fingers searched for her hole, her thoughts turned to Corinda. Thinking about how the woman had looked as she humped the young girl's mouth made Galendi smile. Oh yes, she would have her own fun with her superior. But it would be on her terms not Corinda's.