Home « JackBro's Page - Settings
The House
by JackBro
Copyright© 2002 by JackBro

"Let me introduce you to one of my slaves," The master of the house spoke to the young woman walking at her side.

They walked through the dining room and into the house's main entrance. It was an old style Victorian house filled with antique furniture and fancy crystal all around. They walked along a large table that extended down the length of the dining room with at least a dozen chairs all around but with only two place settings at either end. A china cupboard stood against the far wall with what appeared to be genuine china inside. Everything about the place looked expensive and impeccable.

The house was the centerpiece of a large plantation. It had once been a farm, with a barn standing to one side and a shed on the other, but the outer buildings had long ago burned down during the war. Now, only the house remained, along with a few dilapidated slave quarters along a dirt path in back. The rest of the land was plowed under and planted over. The crops now bought in more money than the old farm buildings.

The younger of the two women politely stepped aside and allowed her older and much wiser aunt to enter through the doorway first. Wearing full-length evening dresses, there was room for only one to pass at a time. The dresses seemed a bit impractical around the house, but they were the latest fashion. Everyone in the states seemed to be wearing them. It was as though all the women wanted to look as though they lived in Paris, even if they were in the backwoods of Virginia.

She followed her aunt into the glorious main entranceway of the house. It was almost a room in amongst itself. Looking up, there was a large, crystal chandelier hanging from the ceiling. To one side was a winding staircase, seeming to extend into the clouds but only went to the second floor. Everything about the house was very high class.

The aunt was named Judy, although everyone more formally addressed her as "Miss Judy." She was a middle-aged woman of forty-one who was very beautiful and took good care of herself. She had a slim figure and ample attributes, and she looked about fifteen years younger than she really was. Today, her hair was made up into a net at the top of her head, and the dress she wore did an excellent job at showing off her figure. The front came down in a plunging neckline to nicely display her healthy cleavage and the top of her swelling breasts.

"Phillip," Miss Judy yelled from the foot of the stairs. "Please come down here. I would like to introduce you to my niece, and please do not bother with any formal attire."

The young woman was named Jenny. She was a younger girl of just sixteen years of age. Like her aunt, she was very pretty. She had a similar complexion and the same slim figure, but her pale, smooth skin left no doubt of her more pristine age. Adding to the effect was her long, black hair. It flowed down past her shoulders to nearly the center of her back. The dress around her body was a similar design as her Aunt's and with the same plunging neckline, but void of any cleavage.

It was the first time Jenny ever visited her aunt. She wanted to visit before, but her parents never allowed it. They said strange things went on in Miss Judy's house. They talked about her excessive tastes and exotic fantasies.

Miss Judy amplified the strangeness with her words. One example was the way she often used the word "slave" when referring to her servants. Slavery had been outlawed years before, but her aunt seemed determined to keep using the term. Jenny wondered why she didn't simply say "servant" or "employee" instead.

Jenny felt both anxious and nervous. She never knew what her parents meant or why Judy talked the way she did, but she felt as though she was about to find out.

Footsteps came from the top of the staircase. They were soft steps. Not the sharp and quick steps of a pair of shoes, but softer and quieter, as if they came from slippers or a set of bare feet.

Jenny looked up and immediately understood why. She looked up to see the servant named Phillip come walking down the stairs.

He was just coming around the corner when she first noticed he wasn't wearing any shoes. His feet were bare, but then so were his legs and so was his chest. In fact, so was all of him! He was not wearing any shoes or shirt. He also wasn't wearing any pants or even any underwear. He wasn't wearing anything!

Jenny gasped in disbelief! For a moment, she thought she was seeing things. She thought her eyes were somehow playing a trick on her, but they weren't. The man was bare-assed naked! He had everything on display.

"Come on down and meet Jenny," Miss Judy spoke normally, as though nothing was out of the ordinary about a naked man walking down her staircase.

Jenny couldn't say anything. She was too shocked to speak. She instead just looked at him.

He made no attempt to cover any part of his body. His arms were behind his back and he did not bring them forward to use as shields. He made no attempt to take his manliness away from her eyes, not even in front of a stronger. She could see all the way down the front of his body. And, most important, she could see his dick.

"Well, what do you think?" Her aunt asked as he reached the bottom of the stairs and then stopped and stood in front of them.

"I'm not... sure," Jenny spoke hesitantly, not confident of what to say.

She caught herself starring down at his waist. She was looking right at the area between his legs, and she had been looking at it the whole time. Even as he came down the stairs, her eyes lowered and her head bowed as he reached the bottom so she could stay focused on it the entire time. She liked looking, and she especially liked the way it bounced up and down as he took each stair-step.

Jenny caught herself starring and suddenly felt very embarrassed. She quickly looked away.

"Don't be shy," Her aunt comforted her. "You can look as much as you want. Phillip is used to it. He doesn't mind if you look at him, do you Phillip?"

He shook his head to indicate a "no," so Jenny looked again. She couldn't help but look. She liked looking.

He was a tall, handsome man, standing almost six feet tall and with big muscles all over. He was young and didn't look much older than she was; probably around nineteen or maybe in his early twenties. His muscles indicated he did a lot of manual labor, probably working in the fields all day. He was definitely strong and handsome.

Jenny didn't get many chances to look at naked, adult men, and this was an excellent specimen. Everything about him was big, she noticed, including his dick. Jenny noticed his dick the most of all. It seemed to hang down a long distance between his legs, but she could be mistaken. She hadn't seen many adult male dicks before. Perhaps he was normal.

Jenny also noticed he did not speak out loud. In fact, she realized that he did not speak at all. She had had yet heard his voice. It was as though he was not allowed to speak, and then she remembered her aunt calling him a slave. A thought entered her mind, but she quickly dismissed it.

"Go ahead and turn around Phillip," Miss Judy did a twirling motion at him with her finger. "Let Jenny get a good look at your ass too."

To her amazement, he turned and allowed her to see his behind. He turned all the way around and then he did it again. She liked his ass too. He had smooth, hard buns, but it wasn't nearly as exciting as his dick.

The whole time he refused to cover himself with his hands. She noticed he kept them behind his back when facing forward, and he put them to the side when turning around. It was as though he was purposely modeling his most private features. He was allowing her, a complete stranger, to look at whatever she wanted. Jenny couldn't help but take advantage of the opportunity.

"What do you think of him?" Miss Judy asked a second time.

"Nice," Was all Jenny could manage.

"If you haven't noticed already, he's one of my most well endowed," Judy went on. "You know, he's over nine inches."

"What?" Jenny yelped. She knew what her Aunt meant, but it was too shocking for her mind to accept.

"His pecker!" Judy clarified more directly. "You know, his organ. I'm talking about his cock. Phillip's cock will elongate to a nine-incher when hard. He's one of my favorites."

Jenny covered her mouth in amazement. She couldn't believe how openly her aunt talked about his dick, and how openly she talked about it right in front of him. She was shocked, and then remembered her aunt calling him a slave from before. The thought came rushing back into her mind. She thought about a sex slave. More specifically, a male sex slave.

Jenny looked at him again and wondered. A male sex slave would be exciting. It would be like a girl's ultimate fantasy. She wondered if this was what her parents were talking about when they mentioned that strange things went on in Miss Judy's house.

Jenny looked at him closer and thought about what Judy had said. She liked the many names she had just heard for his dick. She had heard them all before, mostly when joking around her fellow girlfriends from school, but never right in front of a live one.

"Would you like to see for yourself?" Miss Judy asked next.

Jenny wasn't sure what her aunt meant. What more of him was there to see? He was already naked; totally naked. She looked at her aunt in confusion.

Judy only smiled back. "Phillip," She then turned to the poor, naked man standing in front of them. "Show yourself to Jenny. Make it full."

Jenny gasped. She again wasn't sure if she heard right or perhaps she didn't understand the meaning of Judy's words. They were too unbelievable to be true. But then she looked at Phillip and understood.

His hands were still clasped behind his back, and in the middle of his waist it began to get bigger.

"Oh my God!" Jenny said out loud.

"Keep watching," Her aunt only said in reply. "He's still got a long ways to go."

Jenny thought about turning away and running out of the room, but she didn't. She wanted to watch. It seemed to demeaning to make this poor man get full in her presence, especially in the presence of a complete stranger, but then Aunt Judy didn't force him. Phillip did it on his own, and he did it fast. First his dick just started to get longer and then it began to rise.

"Oh my God!" Jenny couldn't help but say again.

"Yes, it is rather fun to watch," Judy agreed. "Tell me Jenny, have you ever witnessed a man getting hard before?"

She shook her head to indicate "no." She was unable to say it out loud.

As a result, he seemed to rise faster. Her admission seemed to make his dick rise even more quickly. It was soon sticking straight out of his body, and then it began to rise even more.

"They probably don't grow them this big down in Florida," Her aunt kidded her. "Have you ever seen such a big one before?"

"No," Jenny quietly spoke.

"Have you ever seen one at all?" Her aunt went on to ask. "I forget, you are rather young Jenny. I suppose it's possible that you've never seen a fully inflated man before?"

Judy asked her in the form of a question, but Jenny was to embarrass to speak. She simply shook her head.

"Well then," Her aunt spoke. "We will just have to make up for it then! I'll have each of my slaves get full in your presence. I have nine of them, you know, and they are all very well endowed. All cocks are rather similar when you get right down to it, but each has its peculiar advantages."

"Oh my God!" Jenny looked her aunt in the eye to check if the nine slaves were an exaggeration or if her aunt was joking. But then she quickly looked back down at his dick. There was no indication of a joke, and his dick now looked as though it was at a full erection. In fact, his dick no longer looked like a dick. It looked like a cock!

"How do you like it now?" Her aunt asked.

"Wow!" Jenny spoke in amazement. "He's very impressive."

"Yes," Judy agreed. "Nine long inches of cock-meat. And notice it's not just long, but plenty wide too. Phillip has a rather big unit, as you can see!"

Jenny gasped. She never heard a cock being called "meat" or a "unit" before. It sounded so demeaning, although also very sexy. She found herself becoming aroused. Images formed in her mind. She imagined this man in bed with her. She looked down at his long piece of cock-meat and couldn't help but wonder what it would feel like inside her body.

"I think Phillip is impressed by you too," Aunt Judy told her. "That was one of the fastest erections I've ever seen him give up. I think you make him excited. I mean, you're very cute and he probably assumes you are a virgin. I bet he's fantasizing about what it would be like to fuck you right now."

Jenny covered her mouth and looked at her aunt.

"Well, why not?" Aunt Judy spoke. "You're a very good looking girl. You have a very pretty face and a nice, slim figure. I bet Phillip is picturing himself on top of you right now, or perhaps he is even imagining you straddling on top of him."

Jenny couldn't believe it. Never, even in her wildest imagination, did she ever think that her Aunt's place was like this. A naked man stood in front of her, and they were talking about sexual intercourse. No wonder her parents never allowed her to visit.

"This is all very strange," She had to admit to her aunt. "I just never realized..." She couldn't finish.

"Never realized what?" Her Aunt asked.

Jenny didn't know quite how to put it. "Is Phillip, like," She said shyly. "I mean, is he like your slave?"

"You could say that," Judy answered without hesitating. "But he's not just an ordinary slave, he's my sex slave."

Jenny gasped again. She couldn't believe it. The answer was what she expected, but she still couldn't believe it. She heard stories about male sex slaves before but always figured they were fiction. She never expected to meet one in real life, and certainly never expected her own aunt to own one! Much less nine of them; if she was to be believed.

"You don't look as though you believe me," Her aunt questioned, seeming to read her mind.

"I'm not quite sure what to believe," Jenny admitted truthfully. "I guess I'm a little too much in shock to know what to believe."

"Well, if you don't believe me," She offered. "Why don't you ask Phillip? As him if he is a sex slave."

She glanced at her aunt, and then back to the supposed sex slave named Phillip. Up until now, he hadn't spoken. She wasn't sure if he could speak.

"Are you?" She started to say, but then suddenly became very bashful when she realized she was talking to a naked man with an erection. Jenny suddenly felt very intimidated.

"Does he talk?" She whispered to her aunt instead.

"Of course he talks!" Her aunt answered. "But only when I give him permission. Otherwise he will remain quite."

"Will he talk for me?" Jenny asked. "Will he answer me?"

Aunt Judy turned to him. "Phillip, I give you permission to answer the questions Jenny is about to pose to you, but you may not talk. Answer with your prick. Do you understand?"

He seemed to almost jump at her words. Jenny noticed him step back as soon as Aunt Judy finished the order, but she did not understand why. In fact, she did not understand at all. How could he answer if he could not speak? And how could he answer with his prick.

But then Phillip provided the answer. Slowly, he began to gyrate his hips. And as a result, his cock began to bob up and down.

Jenny gasped yet again, realizing that he really was answering with his prick. It was just like someone nodding his or her head, but Phillip was using his long cock instead. She never saw an erection move before. She watched it bob up and down. It made her feel very erotic.

"Phillip understands," Aunt Judy spoke as though nothing was out of the ordinary. "Now go ahead and ask him whatever you want, just make sure they are yes or no questions."

Jenny started to speak, but then didn't know what to ask. She felt embarrassed, and her mind went blank. She forgot the original question.

"Go ahead," Aunt Judy prompted her. "Start out by asking if he thinks you are pretty."

Jenny looked at her aunt, and then she looked at Phillip. It was an embarrassing question, but she decided to ask anyway.

He nodded his big cock up and down in response.

Thrilled by his answer, she thought of another question. "Are you really a slave?"

He answered again.

"Are you really a sex slave?"

He continued answering, this time even harder, moving his "unit" up and down with increased vigor. Jenny liked watching his bouncing cock, and then thought about what a negative answer would produce.

"Do you ever disobey Miss Katy?"

And she got her answer. It looked even better moving from side to side.

"What was that?" Judy giggled. "I didn't quite here you."

He swayed his cock back and forth with increased vigor. Jenny liked the sound it made when it slapped against his thighs.

She asked a few more questions, sometimes questions with "yes" answers and sometimes with "no." She liked the "no" answers the best because his cock seemed to move around a lot more when it went from side-to-side, but the "yes" answers were exciting too.

Finally, her aunt interrupted. "You seem to really like him, don't you Jenny?"

"Yes," Jenny spoke with less shyness now. She was slowly getting accustomed to having a naked man around. "This is really exciting!"

"Well," Judy continued. "How would you like to masturbate him then?"

Jenny gasped in shock. "What!" She thought she had imagined the words.

"Would you like to take Phillip and masturbate him?" Her aunt asked to her face. "You know, his cock! Would you like to jack off his cock? It's in the perfect position to be masturbated, and it certainly looks as though he needs it. Would you like to take advantage of the opportunity?"

Jenny turned back down at him. "I don't know," She answered without knowing her own words. She didn't know what to say, although inside she already knew what she wanted.

"I'm sure Phillip wouldn't mind, would you?"

The sex slave answered with a "no" by wagging his shaft back and forth.

"He can be your toy," Her aunt went on. "I know how much you liked to play with toys when you were a little girl. This is just another toy, but Phillip's a toy for a big girl. He's a sex toy."

Jenny gasped at the thought of having a naked man to play with like a toy.

"Don't worry," Judy assured her. "I'll let you play with him in private. You can take him downstairs and masturbate him in private," Judy smiled. "You know how to masturbate a man, don't you?"

Jenny took a hard swallow. "Of course," She answered as if it was common knowledge.

"You pump on his pole with your hand," Judy explained anyway, as though she wanted to say the words. "You wrap your hand around his pole, and then you start stroking it up and down."

Jenny gasped as she pictured her dainty fingers running up and down the length of his giant erection. It was making her very horny. She wanted to hurry up and get him downstairs.

"You pump on his cock, stroking it up and down again and again. At first it might be dry, but you don't have to worry about Phillip cumming for you. I'm sure he will have plenty of cream. In fact, by the looks of it, he may start giving you head before you get him downstairs. It looks like Phillip is getting excited by the mere thought of getting jacked off by a virgin."

Jenny thought she could see it for herself in the hardness of his cock. She continued to picture herself masturbating him.

"And you don't have to worry about him fighting back either," Judy continued. "If you want, I'll help you shackle him down. You will then be free to pump and play with him as much as you want. My only condition is that you can't damage him. Phillip is expensive merchandise that I paid good money for."

Jenny nodded in agreement.

"Other than that, you are free to do anything you want. You can bounce it up and down, slap it to the side, suck on it... Whatever! You are free to do whatever you want until you forcibly ejaculate him. I assume..." Judy looked at her. "I assume that you never ejaculated a man before."

Jenny shook her head and silently said "no."

"Good!" Judy was pleased. "I'm sure you will enjoy it just fine. It's fun to forcibly ejaculate men, and it will be especially fun to make Phillip ejaculate because he's trained."

"Trained?" Jenny looked back at her aunt curiously.

"Yes, trained," Judy answered matter-of-factly. "You know, he's trained to ejaculate only on command, and not before."

Jenny looked back at her in confusion.

Judy explained. "Most men will blow their load after only about a few minutes of pumping, depending on how horny they are and how hard you stroke them, but Phillip will squirt out his load only when you give him permission."

"You mean?" Jenny started to say, but simply could not finish the sentence.

Miss Judy finished it for her. "Yes, you can beat on his meat all night long if you want. You can pump your hand up and down on his big unit as hard and for as long as you want, and you won't be able to finish him off without the command."

"Oh my God!" Jenny couldn't help but say out loud.

"If I were you, I would ride on it for about an hour," Judy suggested. "Then stop and come into the living room. Let's talk about it. I can give you a few suggestions. I can tell you some things you can try that you've probably never even imagined doing before. When you have a cock as big as Phillip's to work with, there's lots of things you can try."

"Oh my God!" Jenny couldn't believe it.

"The only thing you need to be careful about," Judy went on to warn. "You have to be careful when you finally allow him to ejaculate. You see, the longer you make him wait the bigger the explosion. When you make him hold out, the sperm will keep building up inside his nuts. After many minutes, you will start to see his balls swell. And when he does finally come, he's going to go shooting across the room. And I'm talking not just distance, but quantity too. It's amazing how much sperm you can milk out of a man after two or three hours of continuous cock-stroking."

"Milking!" Jenny said in shock, covering her mouth in disbelieve. She had never heard such a term used on a man before.

"Well, yes," Judy spoke as though it was nothing out of the ordinary. "That is essentially what you do when you masturbate on a man's tool. You milk on his nuts."

He hand remained up to her mouth, covering herself as though she did not want Phillip to see her true emotions. Looking down at his big cock, she could easily picture it squirting. She pictured it shooting across the room, or perhaps even shooting on her. She wondered what it would feel like to stand naked in front of him and give the command. She imagined what it would feel like for a man to come jizzing all over her body.

"Oh, and that reminds me," Judy spoke as though she had forgotten something. "Speaking about nuts, how do you feel about male nuts?"

Jenny didn't know what to say.

"The reason I'm asking," Judy clarified. "Is because I need to know how many leather straps I should bring along. Would you prefer one strap for both legs, or would you prefer two straps to put Phillip at maximum vulnerability. You know, with his legs spread wide. It depends on how much you want to abuse his balls during what I am sure will be a very intensive masturbation session."

Jenny smiled. She thought about it, but she did not have to think for long. "I want Phillip spread eagle," She easily decided.

Judy noticed his cock twitch in response.

"Then bring him along, and I'll take you downstairs to the dungeon," Judy instructed as she turned to leave.

Jenny turned to follow, but she noticed Phillip did not. He simply stood in place, as though unable to move. He looked like he wanted to follow, but could not.

"Jenny, please!" Her aunt spoke from the doorway. "Bring him along! Grab Phillip by his handle and bring him along."

"What!" Jenny spoke in shock again. "You mean?" She wasn't able to finish it.

"Yes," Judy clarified. "Take hold of his cock-handle and bring him along. When a man is hard, you must lead him like a dog."

Jenny wasn't sure what to do. She heard her aunt clearly, but couldn't quite believe it! Miss Judy wanted her to use Phillip's shaft like a convenient handle, pulling him along by it. She wasn't sure if she could do it, but stepped towards him anyways. She wanted to, of course, but she wasn't sure if she should.

"Come on, we don't have all night!" Judy attempted to get her to hurry.

Jenny reached down while Phillip remained standing in place. He did not fight her or step back at all. In fact, he seemed to push his waist forward so his unit would be easier to reach. She had never touched a man's cock before, not even a flaccid one; and now her aunt wanted her to touch a man who was full.

She looked directly ahead at his bare chest, unable to look down at his manliness or up to look at his face. She looked through him, out into space, and then allowed her delicate little fingers to brush up against the side of his magnificent member.

She touched him, and he felt hard. It sent a hot bolt of lust through her body. She was forced to let go.

Jenny heard her aunt let out an impatient moan from the doorway. She touched him again, but this time allowed her fingers to wrap around. He felt harder and much bigger than she expected. His erect shaft, in fact, felt monstrous. He felt huge. A hot wave of lust again flashed through her body, but this time she held on. She liked holding on.

Jenny allowed herself to hold him tighter, almost squeezing his erect shaft. Then she gave him a slight pull forward, and to her amazement he followed. She led him by his erect organ.

They walked out the door and back through the dining room. They walked past the table and the china cupboard then entered a long hallway. There was a doorway at the end, leading to darkness below. It was the doorway to the downstairs dungeon.

The whole time, Jenny kept a tight hold of her new sex toy. She held him by his male handle and led him along. She squeezed him harder as she walked, both because she did not want to let go and because she wanted to feel how hard he really was. She wasn't disappointed. His shaft felt like a hard bone protruding from his body. She now knew why they called it a hard-on.

The stairs were the best part. Jenny grew more confident now, getting more accustomed to his cock. She alternatively stopped and started his movement down the stairs. With each step, she gave him a strong yank and then pushed it back in to stop his forward momentum. His shaft almost slipped from her grasp a few times, so she had to squeeze harder. By the time she got to the last step, she was practically ripping his pole out of his body.

"How would you like to rape him?" Miss Judy asked at the bottom of the stairs. "Would you prefer to force him in the standing or the laying position?"

Judy had gone ahead and lit the various oil lamps around the room. The downstairs dungeon was still dark and gloomy, but it was now bright enough to see it indeed was a dungeon.

Jenny stood beside her aunt and looked around. There were various hooks and straps in the walls. A large, wooden table stood in the center. A few sawhorses were to the side. Along one wall there was a pegboard with a series of instruments hanging down, each in its proper position. They looked like various sized dildos that a woman might use to stick into herself to make her excited. A friend once showed Jenny what one looked like, but she never had the opportunity to experience one for herself. She suspected these dildos were not meant to be used on a woman anyway. She had a strong suspicion that her Aunt Judy used them on her men, to butt fuck them. A hot flash of excitement went through her body as she thought about taking one of the dildoes and reaming Phillip up the ass.

"Well?" Judy asked again. "Standing or laying?"

"Standing!" Jenny quickly answered, coming back to her senses. She realized she still held the erect cock in her hand.

"Then bring Phillip over here and let me show you how to properly shackle a man."

Jenny gave her sex toy a hard yank. She was starting to really enjoy herself. She brought him over to Judy and to two metal chains hanging down from the wall. He automatically raised his hands up to where they were supposed to go.

"Here you go," Judy held out one of the straps. "You will have to let him go to strap him down properly."

Jenny reluctantly let go of his boner. As she pulled her hand away, she noticed a distinct feeling of wetness along her fingers. It made her jump in surprise. She had never felt it before, but she knew what it was. Her aunt had indeed been right. Phillip had started to cumm even before she started to masturbate on him.

She had to stretch up high to reach his wrist, but the reward was well worth it. It felt good to wrap him in the leather strap. It fit like a belt buckle around the waist, but much smaller. It was easy to figure out the end went into the hanging chain.

"Very good," Her aunt complimented, as though most girls were unable to figure it out. "Now, here's the other one."

She went to his opposite wrist and did the same. It didn't take long before her new sex toy was bound by his wrists, helpless, hanging in the middle of a basement dungeon.

"And now for his feet."

There were still two straps left. It seemed a waste of time to also secure his legs, but she did so anyway. These went to two chains that came out of the side of the wall.

Less than five minutes after she arrived in the basement dungeon, she had a man secured helplessly by each of his extremities. He was naked, with his arms and legs spread open and a giant erection in the center.

"There! That should be fine," Aunt Judy concluded. "Phillip is in the perfect position to be cock-teased and forcibly ejaculated." She gave his cock a hard slap from the top, forcing it to point down for an instant and then spring back up again.

Jenny watched. She noticed that his shaft sprung back very fast and hardly bounced up and down at all when done. It looked to be incredibly stiff and hard. She would have to remember to do the same thing later.

"Well, have fun!" Judy concluded and then turned to leave.

As she left, Jenny realized her Aunt forgot to give her the command to allow the slave to ejaculate. She turned and almost asked as she saw Judy go up the stairs, but then realized it didn't matter. She had plenty of time. Phillip was going to receive a whole lot of pumping and stroking before he would be allowed to ejaculate.

Judy went into the dining room to read a book. She specifically selected a chair in the back corner of the room, next to an old dumbwaiter that was once used to ferry delicious meals from the downstairs kitchen to the dining room table. She would read the book for a short while, but she already knew that her attention would soon be taken away. Tonight the dumbwaiter would once again be put into service, except this time it would be used for her sexual pleasure. She opened the door to make sure to hear everything that was going on below her.

Soon, the predictable happened. It took longer than expected, about thirty minutes. She figured Jenny had to experiment first, perhaps feeling his boner or making it bob up and down. It was her first cock, after all, so it would take time. She could easily imagine Phillip taking it all in, patiently waiting and cumming like an elephant in her hand.

Soon, however, it began. It started with weak moans. Judy knew what was happening without having to look. Phillip always moaned when a girl pumped on him.

The moans gradually got louder and louder. She was causing him to get closer and closer to the edge. Judy could easily picture the hand of her niece running up and down his long pole.

A few minutes later, Phillip started to speak.

"Please! Please!" He started to beg. "Oh my cock!"

He wasn't supposed to talk, but she couldn't blame him. He had been without release for almost a week. As soon as she heard of Jenny's coming, she knew that he would be perfect for her. She purposely stopped stroking Phillip and told him not to stroke himself. As a result, he now had over a week's worth of sperm bottled up inside what must now have been some very tight balls.

"Oh please! Oh, please don't squeeze so tight!"

Soon, Jenny was going to milk his sperm right out of his balls. He would hold out for as long as he could, but there was only so much any man could take. By the sound of his voice coming up from his secured position, it sounded as though he didn't have much time left.

"Oh God! Not so fast! Please, my cock can't take much more."

And when he did come, he was really going to come. Phillip was a large quantity spermer. That's what she liked to call her men; Phillip produced sperm and therefore he was a spermer. And after a week's hesitation he was really going to be ripe for sperming. She had checked him out this morning and his balls were already swollen. He felt as though he had enough sperm to fill up a good size drinking glass.

"Oh my cock! Oh, my poor aching cock!"

He would be primed to explode into six or maybe up to nine powerful squirts. The first would be the best. By the sound of his voice, she wondered if it might even be powerful enough to shoot across the room.

"Please Jenny, let go of my cock. Oh please Jenny; stop pumping it so hard. Slow down!"

Judy had worried about letting him be milked by a virgin. She worried Jenny might feel sympathy for him. She might slow down her strokes, Judy thought to herself. Or maybe she might stop squeezing after he started begging. But by what she heard so far, it sounded as though her concerns were unfounded. It sounded as though Jenny wasn't about to let up at all. In fact, by the sound of Phillip's pleading voice, she suspected Jenny might actually be enjoying his begging.

"Oh my cock! You don't know what you're doing to my cock! I can't hold it much longer."

Suddenly, there was a new voice. "You better not!" I heard Jenny tell him. "Not yet, you male slut! You better not squirt until I order it."

"Then stop! Please, you have to stop."

"You're not hot enough yet," Jenny kept talking. "It's my cock and I want to make sure it's plenty hot before I see it squirt! When this thing goes off, I want it to go off like a fire hose."

This was unexpected. I hadn't considered the possibility that Jenny might talk back to him. It sounded as though she was going wild on his cock. I liked it.

"No, no, no! Oh my cock!" He seemed to be panting now in rhythm with her strokes.

"You fucking bastard, you better not!" Jenny yelled back. "I don't care that I'm pumping on your hose as fast as I can, I said no!"

Now Judy was getting turned on. This was definitely much better than expected.

"Oh God!" Phillip almost let out a squeal. "Oh God, not my balls too! Oh God, let go of my nuts!"

"What do you mean, your nuts?" Jenny quickly picked up on this little error of Phillip's. "These are my nuts! Your balls are mine! And so are the juices inside."

"Don't squeeze!" He immediately reacted, again, almost in a squeal. "I'm sorry! You are right. They are your balls! My cock and my balls are yours."

"That's right," Jenny now spoke in a more sneaky tone. "And what about the juices inside?"

"My juices are yours too," Phillip quickly accepted. "My sperm are yours to milk whenever you want, but only when you to choose to milk it. Without the command, I am required to keep my sperm inside my nuts for however long you desire it."

Judy really liked this. Not until her early training sessions had she ever been able to get Phillip to say such things. Jenny was bringing out the best in him.

"I don't want to see a single drop of sperm, not yet!" Jenny went on. "I'm having too much fun pumping you. I want you to stay hard and let me pump you longer."

"But not much longer. Please, I can't hold out much longer!"

"And when I do finish you off, I want to squeeze on your balls at the same time. I want to make sure I milk out every drop."

Judy decided it was time to go downstairs and rescue him, at least for a short while. She didn't want him damaged.

"How are you enjoying him so far?" Judy asked from the bottom of the stairs.

She had watched for several seconds without Jenny noticing. It was fun to watch them, especially Phillip. His face was rolling in sweat. His big cock seemed even bigger than before. He looked positively exhausted.

Jenny wasn't much different. She seemed to be getting tired herself. The young girl was kneeling in front of him with his pole in her hand, continuously stroking it up and down without letup. And she wasn't stroking him slowly either. She was really going at his cock. Somewhere along the line she had taken off her dress and underclothing. She now kneeled in front of him topless, with only a panty around her waist. She was stroking on his boner so fast her little tits were bouncing up and down.

Jenny suddenly let go of his handle and tried to cover herself when Judy spoke. She bought her hands up to her chest and tried to cover her near nudity. It looked as though she was surprised and perhaps even a bit humiliated at being caught in the act.

"Oh! I didn't hear you come down," She spoke with embarrassment.

"Of course you didn't," Judy laughed. "With all the racket you were making with his cock, how could you?"

Jenny laughed back, and then uncovered her boobs and looked back at Phillip.

Judy looked too. Phillip seemed to look even better than before. Without the hand of her young niece to get in the way, she could see him unencumbered. His hard-on stood up at attention. All nine inches of his hard cock stood upright and at attention. It throbbed and pulsed into the open air, desperate for release but unable to do it. It was wet, almost shiny, covered in a thick layer of well-lubricated cumm. It visibly twitched as she looked at it, and she looked at it from the side, which made him look even bigger.

"You didn't answer my original question," Judy reminded her. "I asked if you are enjoying it. How do you like masturbating on a man?"

"Oh, he's incredible!" Jenny answered. "And you were right about Phillip. He is trained! No matter how much I masturbate on him, I can't get him off."

Jenny looked almost as tired and exhausted as Phillip. She too was sweating, but for different reasons. She was getting quite a workout herself. Her exercise equipment was the big cock before her.

"I'm glad you are enjoying your male slut," Judy glanced into his eyes long enough to see his reaction. "Tell me, is he still tied up OK?"

"Oh yes," Jenny answered. "He's tied up just fine. I can do anything I want, and he can't move a muscle to stop me."

The thought of the young male standing before her sent a wave of excitement through Judy's body. For a brief moment, she thought about taking Phillip for herself. She thought about removing her own clothing, much like Jenny had nearly done herself, and then forcibly raping him. He was lubricated enough to easily slip in, despite his large size. And the sperm he must have stored in those balls! She thought to herself. He would be able to release great quantities. She fantasized it running out and sliding down her legs.

But then the moment passed. It wouldn't be fair to steal him away. He was Jenny's sex slave, at least for the night. She could rape him again after Jenny left. He was hers to fuck whenever she wanted. Besides, it was more exciting to listen and watch Jenny do it. It was exhilarating to think about what was going through Phillip's mind right now. A girl he had never met before, a complete stranger was jacking him off.

"And his cock?" Judy went on to ask. "I hope his dong is long enough for you."

"Oh yes," Jenny lowered her head to look at the still engorged member. "I like his dong. He's really got a big organ!" A slight giggle came from her lips. After she spoke the words, she seemed to laugh at him.

"And is he producing enough cumm for you?" Judy questioned. "I mean, is he sufficiently lubricated?"

"Yes, plenty of cumm," Jenny spoke happily. "I never knew a man could cumm so much. There is almost too much of it. It's starting to drip off."

"It sounds like the two of you are getting along just fine," Judy spoke, pleased. Phillip was one of her best-trained males, which is why she gave him to Jenny. She knew that it would take a lot to satisfy a girl like Jenny. It was a good thing Phillip had the fortitude to put up with her.

"It sounds like you are giving Phillip quite a pumping," Judy thought to herself out loud. "I mean, for him to have so much cumm, you must really be going at it."

"Oh yes!" Jenny spoke gleefully. "I was a little shy at first and started slow. But after I got accustomed to his size and his hardness, I really went at it. I squeezed and stroked him faster and faster. This last series of strokes were about as fast as I could go, and I think I pumped for a good ten minutes!"

Ten minutes! Judy thought to herself. For a brief moment, she felt sorry for the young man, but the moment quickly passed. It was a good thing she chose Phillip. Any other slave would never make it. Even though he was trained, there were limits. Ten minutes of cock pumping at full speed was certainly very close to that limit.

"I don't know if I will be able to stroke him for much longer," Jenny added.

"Really?" Judy questioned. "Why do you say that?"

"Because he said he was very close," Jenny immediately answered. "I mean, he was begging me to let him. Towards the end, he was pleading with me to finish him off."

He certainly was close, Judy thought to herself. She could see it in his eyes, but she wasn't about to tell Jenny.

"And not only that," Jenny continued. "But I could feel it - or at least I think I could. For a short while, it felt as though his organ was letting out these little spasms."

Judy almost choked at hearing the words. She thought back when she felt him spasm herself. She imagined how much he would spasm when he finally was allowed to ejaculate.

"Don't worry," Judy caught herself. "He can take more. It's all part of the act, you know. He's trained to beg and plead to make it more exciting for you. It's designed to mimic the sensation of a male rape."

"A male rape?" Jenny looked at her in surprise. There was a look of shock on her face, and then pleasure. Then she began to laugh.

"I never thought of it that way," Jenny continued. "But I guess I am raping him! I never thought a male rape was possible, but I guess that's what I'm doing."

"Of course you're raping him!" Judy spoke the obvious. "You're taking advantage of his male sex organ and controlling his sexual function. That's what a male rape is!"

Jenny laughed some more. "I just never thought of it that way, but you're right! I'm raping Phillip. I'm doing a male rape!"

"Yes, you're raping his cock," Judy repeated because she liked the sound of the words. "Or at least that's what I call one form of a male rape. There is another too. Maybe we can try the other type tomorrow night."

"You mean!" Jenny turned to her in shock, almost unable to finish. "You mean... from behind!"

"Yes, that's right," Judy confirmed her suspicion. "There's actually two ways of raping a man. You can forcibly jack him off, or you can fuck him up the ass. Maybe tomorrow night I can loan you my strap on dildo and you can try the more favored method."

Jenny looked at his cock and then back to Judy. "Tomorrow night?" She spoke impatiently. "Why do I have to wait until tomorrow night? Why can't I fuck him up the ass right now."

Judy stepped back with surprise. She had created a monster.

She heard Phillip at the same time. He let out a low moan, and when she looked up he was shaking his head. He obviously didn't want to be butt fucked tonight, although it really didn't matter. It wasn't as though he could do anything about it.

Judy seriously considered the suggestion for a moment, but then thought it better to wait a day. Phillip had already been through quite a bit, and it would be better to ramp her up slowly, like most young girls.

"Tomorrow night!" Judy laid down the rules. "We'll take it one step at a time. Tonight, I'll let you have his cock. And tomorrow night, I'll hand over his ass."

"Well, I guess that will be OK," Jenny spoke with genuine disappointment.

"So for tonight," She finished her instruction. "Go ahead and finish off his cock. The reason I came down is to check if you are ready to allow him to squirt yet, but I see you are not."

"Oh no!" Jenny agreed. "Please, not yet! I'm not done playing with him yet. I want to play with his pecker some more."

"Don't worry!" Judy tried to reassure her. "I'm not saying you have to stop! I'll let you play on Phillip's cock for a while longer, but remember you do have to get to bed soon. I won't let you play with my sex toy all night."

"I understand!" Jenny nodded her head. "I promise to be done real soon. I just want to pump on his pole for a little longer, and then maybe suck on it for a while too! It's so much fun to stroke on his thing, and I've never sucked on one before. I've always wanted to know what a man's hard-on tasted like!"

Phillip let out another low moan. She heard it, and then tried to imagine what was going through his mind. He was already horny as hell and desperately wanted to ejaculate, and now a young virgin girl wanted to suck on his organ. It was a good thing he was so well trained.

"Very well," Judy agreed. "I'll give you another twenty minutes, but no more."

"No!" Phillip suddenly cried out without permission. It was the first word he said to her in a long time. "No, please! Not twenty minutes!" He nearly begged.

Judy turned to leave.

"Please Judy! No!" He continued to cry out his objection. "Please, don't leave! Please, don't leave me alone with Jenny any longer. Oh God! Her hand is bad enough. I won't be able to take her mouth too! Oh, you don't know what she's going to do to my cock if you leave."

Judy ignored him. She heard every word and they made her feel very hot inside, but she forced herself to ignore him.

"Remember," She yelled instead as she began heading up the stairs. "His begging and pleading is all part of the act."

"I know," Jenny yelled back.

It didn't take long before she heard them again.

"No! No! Oh God, no!" Phillip began to cry out. "Let go! Please, not so fast!"

"Yes! Yes!" Jenny yelled back. "Oh, I love your big cock! And now I can't wait until tomorrow night when I can have your ass too!"

As Judy sat calmly on the living room couch, she could easily picture Jenny going crazy on his long erection. She's pumping on him furiously now, She thought to herself. She's running her hand up and down his soaking wet member as though her life is dependent on it.

"Please, I can't take it any longer," Phillip yelled louder. "Oh my cock! Oh Jenny, please, my cock! Stop squeezing it so tight. I can't take it any more!"

"But you will!" Jenny told him in return, her voice now sounding as though she was breathing hard from all the effort of her hand. "Don't squirt! You better not squirt! Not yet. I haven't sucked on it yet."

Judy waited for him to ejaculate. She expected him to do it at any moment. There was no way Phillip could last much longer. There was no way any man could hold out much longer for such a wild girl like Jenny, especially when she talked about sucking it too. Judy could almost picture him accidentally doing it in her hand, suddenly squirting without permission. It might be the first ejaculation Jenny has ever seen, She thought to herself while wondering what kind of punishment Jenny would hand out.

But he did hold out.

"Oh God! No! Not your mouth too! Oh Jenny. Oh God!"

He certainly was impressive. She figured Jenny was now both sucking and stroking on him. She pictured the girl making short, tight strokes with her hand as the tip of his cock stayed in her mouth.

"Oh God Jenny, please! Please let me squirt!"

"Yummy," Jenny answered in reply. "What a delicious wiener you have. It's like licking on a lollypop."

"Oh God!" He cried out again as she pictured Jenny going back down on it. "Oh you're tongue! Stop flicking it like that!"

"Judy!" Judy suddenly heard her own name being called out. "Oh Judy, please! If you can hear me, please help," He tried to call out for her rescue. "Oh God, Jenny's ravaging my cock."

"Yummy," Jenny said in reply. "I really like your cream! Your cream is delicious. And if your cream is this delicious, I bet you're sperm is going to taste even better!"

"No! Not those too!" Phillip cried. "Oh God Jenny, not those too."

Judy was confused. For a moment, she didn't know what Phillip was talking about, but the sound of his voice gave her the answer.

"Oh God, not those too," He cried. "Not my nuts! Please, not both hands and your mouth all at once. Oh, I can't stand it."

"I can't wait to eat out what's inside these two big balls," She heard Jenny say, followed by loud slurping sounds coming from the open door to the dumbwaiter leading to the basement.

"Please help me!" Phillip cried. "She's got my cock in her mouth! Oh Judy, please come rescue my poor, aching cock! I can't hold out any longer."

A moment later Jenny and Phillip howled out a cry in unison. Jenny's was more muffled. Phillip's was more like a shriek. From the comfortable armchair in the living room, Judy understood what happened. She knew the moment when Phillip gave her a big, tasty treat. He had ejaculated without permission, and a moment later he was punished. She couldn't wait to give Jenny a turn at her other male slaves too, but that would wait until tomorrow night.
Your opinion is important:
Share with the others what you think about
"The House"
     
Switch to Expanded voting form
The End
Posted: 2002-06-08
Home - Top   Feedback to author
