I Got a Lover, My Son
by Indy Pop
Copyright© 2001 by Indy Pop

I finished the book I was reading and looked at the wall clock, it was well past midnight. I am usually an early sleeper but today somehow I was not able to sleep, so I took this book, an erotic novel. I found it fascinating and finished it in one go. Now I was feeling very wet down my thighs and I knew I was very horny. My cunt was on fire and I had nothing else other than my fingers to satisfy my urges. But I wanted something real inside me. My fingers were not able to satisfy my desires.

My husband has died four years back and since then I have been leading a very monotonous life. Running the small business left by my husband and looking after my only son Jonny who was then fourteen. Earning was good enough to support both of us, so I did not have any financial need. But emotional needs were there, may be because I had a very good married life for fifteen years. I was virgin at the time of my marriage and my late husband was the only man who has ever fucked me. We had a very satisfying and active sex life. Together we had explored every horizons of sexual fulfillment.

I did not married again as most of the men I later dated were interested in only screwing me but not in marriage. Being treated only as a sexual object was not acceptable to me and slowly I confined myself to our business and to my son, who was now 18 and was about to join college during next season. I knew that even at the age of thirty-nine I was rather good looking. Though I had put on some weight recently still I didn't belong to the category of obese. Only deformity I had was the scar on my stomach that I got during the birth of my son, as he was a cesarean child.

I put off the table lamp and tried to sleep, but I couldn't. After trying unsuccessfully for some time I gave up and left my bed. Perhaps a stroll in my verandah may induce some sleep. I came out of my room. The mildly cold air in the verandah had rather a freshening effect on me and I felt more energized.

I noticed that the lights were still on in my son's room, which was at the other side of verandah. His windows were though covered with curtains, but it was clear that he was awake. I felt curious... "Why he is studying so late at night, he doesn't have any exams now and it was a Sunday?" I went to his windows and tried to sneak a quick look through the gap between the curtains. What I saw inside made me flush with excitement and embarrassment.

Jonny was wide-awake. He was lying on his bed completely naked. His eyes were glued to the magazine in his left hand and his right hand was massaging his rigid penis vigorously. The magazine cover was showing some explicit fuck scene and his hand was moving in a rhythm. I felt ashamed in eyeing my own son in such a condition but an underlying excitement prevented me moving away from the windows. My eyes were feasting on his massive hardness pulsating between his fingers. Jonny penis was long and thick looking, the purple head of his cock appeared like a big mushroom. His pubic hair was thick and dark and his balls seemed large and heavy hanging between his thighs. A rush went through my body - this was the first cock I had seen since my husband's death. My fingers automatically moved between my thighs. I was wet, very wet down there. My legs were trembling with excitement. My fingers explored my wet cunt and I entered two fingers inside my wet beaver. Looking at rock hard cock of my son I tried to match his rhythm, feeling as if my fingers were my son's cock moving between my hungry cuntlips.

Jonny was busy in working on his cock but his movements were now quicker. I knew that pressure is building inside his balls and he is going to shoot any time. Pressure was also building inside me and I too was approaching my orgasm, my first orgasm in four years. Suddenly Jonny cried in ecstasy and large white globes of cream started flying form the tip of his penis landing on his chest and stomach. His cock kept on jerking and shooting his love cream and after emptying his cock slumped against his stomach. The last drops of his cum slowly seeped out of his cock wetting his pubic hair.

My own fingers were moving frantically in and out of my cunt, trembling in my legs was reaching to the extreme and my legs were no more able to support my weight. I had to muffle my cry forcefully when the intense orgasm shook through me. I immediately got hold of windows just to prevent myself form collapsing on floor. I was shaking frenziedly and I could feel my spending moving out of my cunt wetting my pubic hair, my panties and further moving downwards towards my thighs. I had never felt such a state of delight. I remained there till the rapture subsided inside me.

When I got back to my senses, my son has already wiped clean his cum from his stomach and was putting his shorts back. He then lifted the magazine dropped on his bed and kept it behind his books. Feeling completely fulfilled I too retired to my room.

Next day, as soon as my son went out of house, I quickly sneaked into his room. The magazine was lying at the same place where my son has hidden it. I quickly flip through the pages; magazine was full of explicit pictures of lovemaking in every possible manner, but what caught my attention was the caption of those pictures, each picture seems to be depicting the sexual coupling between family members and among them most of the pictures were of mothers fucking their teenage sons. I could not believe it; last night my son was masturbating while thinking about me. I felt euphoric. For the whole last night I have been thinking about my son's handsome cock and I knew my pussy desperately wanted it. But then I was not sure whether my son would like to fuck an aged pussy of his mother. The magazine in front of me convinced me that my son also wants to fuck his mom's cunt. Just imagining that my son would have been thinking about fucking his own mom, my pussy again started twitching and I again had to use my fingers to relieve the aching in my cunt. Later I hid the magazine below my pillow.

Jonny returned late that evening, after dinner he watched TV for some time and around nine he retired to his room. After a while I followed to his room and just tried to look through the keyhole in door. Jonny was frantically searching through his bookshelf and was looking distressed. I lightly knocked his door and immediately entered so that he may not have any time to pull through. Jonny jumped to his feet and looked at me shockingly.

"Are you looking for something, honey?"

"No mom, Just kept my assignment somewhere and I'm am unable to trace it now." He was trying to maintain his poise.

"Ah!" I suppressed my smile. "Are you talking about this assignment, son?" I showed him the magazine, which was hidden behind my back.

He was crestfallen. He could not believe his eyes, he was caught red handed.

" I could never believe." I added with artificial anger. "My son thinks this about fucking his own mother while masturbating. Do you have any clarifications?"

"I...I...!" He stammered. " I didn't mean that, mom." He was fruitlessly trying to defend himself. "You must be mistaken."

Itching in my pussy was reaching to its crescendo and I was not in a position to pretend anymore.

"Don't worry son, I'm not mad at you." I assured him. " I know it's quite natural. But, do you really like to fuck your mom, honey?" I asked in a low, whispery voice.

Jonny stood, speechless; he could not believe what he was hearing. At lost he swallowed and nodded positively.

I slowly lowered my hands below and slowly lifted my nightgown above my thighs making my hairy cunt visible to my son. Jonny's eyes bulged into his sockets. He was getting the view of his lifetime. The bulge in his was acquiring a monstrous shape. Slowly, I traced a fingertip along the outlined slit of my cunt. I moved two fingers to my cunt and exposed the lips to give a better view to my son. I stared hungrily at the visible throb of my son's cock. Despite his pants, I could see the enormity of his pecker. The wet heat of my cunt increased, and, when I moved a fingertip along the edge of the tight crotch, I could feel wetness on my thigh.

"Oh, God!" I cried, thrusting my hips forward. "Show me your monster."

I was still running my fingertips along the edge of my crotch. My eyes were burning on the bulge of his cock. He licked his lips hungrily and slowly he removed his t-shirt and shorts. His monster rod was in full view, eager to come into action anytime. Jonny slipped his hand over his throbbing cock.

My body was again trembling in the same manner it was yesterday. I lifted the gown above my head and removed it completely. I was now standing completely naked in front of my teenage son. Gripping his cock in his hand Jonny eyed my naked breast. My tits are not very large, but still they are round and firm, with dark-pink nipples straining out in teasing stiffness.

I took a step towards Jonny, took his naked body in my arms and put my lips over his lips. Jonny responded in a forceful manner and he grabbed me by my ass and forced his tongue between my lips. His enormous hard on was nesting between my bush. A feeling of deep excitement ran through my body. My pussy literally started dripping by just feeling the presence of the rigid organ of my son after so many years of celibacy. I sucked hungrily his tongue. I shifted my shoulders and watched as one nipple brushed across my son's chin. I held my breath as I pushed the nipple to his lips.

"Suck it!" I whispered hoarsely.

Jonny reacted immediately. He drew my nipple between his lips, and sucked wildly, eagerly, his tongue lapping in wet swirls.

"Ohhhh, God, baby!" I sobbed softly, my tit swelling inside his mouth. "Suck it hard, Jonny! Oooooh, suck it very hard!"

Jonny pulled as much of my tit into his mouth as he could, hungry for it. The wet pull on my tit sent a wild ripple of delight down my body, causing my cunt to suck inward tightly. I squealed in soft sounds, my eyes blazing and slightly unfocused with fiery passion.

Fighting my violent desire, I pulled my tits from his mouth. "Oh, baby!" I hissed, dropping to my knees before him. With my eyes staring at his bulging cock, I placed my palms on his thighs. I gently took his manhood between my trembling fingers. His cock stood up seven inches, hard as possible, its head smoothly swollen. His small piss hole was wet with his pre cum, gleaming invitingly. I closed my fist about my son's cock, testing the hardness by squeezing. The head seemed to bulge more, and a clear bead of love dew bubbled from his piss hole. With my fist tight around his cock, I pressed down hard, bringing a moan of delight from my son. Holding the base of Jonny's cock I ran my closed lips up and down his long shaft. Ohh yes, Mom," he moaned. When I reached his head I opened my lips and let my tongue slide up and down his cock, completely covering his cock with my saliva. I parted my lips and let Jonny slip his cock across my lips and into my warm mouth. I started sucking his cock with a passion. I pumped his shaft with my fist as I flicked my tongue on the underside of his dick

"Mom oh god Mom... that is so good" he moaned in ecstasy.

My lips continue to move up and down the length of his shaft. Jonny was also now thrusting his cock in and out of my sucking mouth. His movements were rapid now, indicating that pressure is now building up deep within his balls.

"Mom...! Mom... Ah, I am going to shoot." He cried, increasing his pelvic actions. I was not in a position to hear him and continued with my blowjob. Suddenly his cock seemed to swell in my mouth and with great force he started filling my hungry mouth with his love nectar. I greedily swallowed his hot cum for a moment and then pulled it out. Jonny's dick was still jerking and white globes of love juice were flying from his pisshole. The drops of hot cum splashed against my cheek, my nose, my lips, and my forehead. I have always loved the feel of cum, not only in my cunt but also in every other opening and all over my body. Come juice splashed onto my tits, spunk dripped over my hand, drenching my face with the creamy wetness, then my tits.

When Jonny finish, I again took his now flaccid cock in mouth and cleaned him with my tongue.

Jonny was ecstatic. " Mom...! That was great!"

"I know, honey!" I smiled mischievously. " Now it's your turn baby, make your mama happy. Take me to bed."

Jonny took me to his bed and made me lie on the bed astride. He then climbed on the bed and positioned himself between my open legs. Hungrily he feasted upon the naked charm of his mom opened shamelessly lying before him. My cunt and thighs were drenched with my own spending. He put his hands on my thighs and slowly lowered his head between my mount of Venus. Now I could feel his hot breath over my cunt. I closed my eyes with extreme delight. His hot breath remains there for a moment. Perhaps he was getting comfortable to the sweet aroma of a women cunt. Slowly the tip of his tongue touched my wet pussy lips. He ran his tongue along the slit.

"Ohhhh, yes!" I moaned as I felt the pressure against my cunt, then the parting of my pussy lips. Slowly his tongue was inside me, licking me enthusiastically. His took my protruding clit in his mouth and started sucking it.

"Lick my pussy Jonny, I need you to make me cum." I pleaded.

Jonny, quickly licked and sucked my pussy. The tongue traveled throughout my most sensitive part of my vagina; sucking and licking, bring me into a state of pure ecstasy. My pussy lips were quivering from excitement and I knew my orgasm is not far. It was now my turn to feel the pressure building deep inside me. Jonny's movements were now more frantic, he must have sensed my climax approaching. With a huge cry I grabbed the head of Jonny and forced it to my cunt, filling his lapping mouth with my sweet nectar. I was having the most intense orgasms I can ever remember. Jonny didn't stop till he sucked and licked every drop of my spending.

When he withdrew his head from my cunt, I could see his lips and chin were covered with my honey and he was eagerly wiping the cream with his tongue. His eyes filled with a mischievous glint.

"You're delicious! Mom."

I looked at Jonny. His eyes were filled with hot desire. I could hardly breathe with the knowledge of what was about to happen now, something we both suddenly wanted. There was no time to think about right or wrong, we had already crossed that barrier. I glanced a Jonny's cock it has again swelled to complete erection and was ready to fulfill his mom's lust.

I took his cock between my fingers and felt my son's cock throbbing--felt the intense hardness of it. I could not resist squeezing his prick, causing him to moan with pleasure.

All of a sudden, I suddenly grabbed my son in my arms pulled his mouth to mine. I pressed my hot cum coated lips against his, and kissed him strongly. I felt my son pressing his tongue into my mouth, and I began to suck it. I felt my son's hands go down my back, and then he was feeling about my ass cheeks. My son groaned, his fingers digging into my bare ass cheeks. I put my tongue into his mouth, licking and thrusting hungrily, tasting him, squirming my crotch toward his cock. I shoved my son's prick between my thighs and closed them tightly, jerking my hips, sliding my steaming cunt slit along that rigid, beautiful, throbbing shaft. I pulled his hard-on to my hot cunt.

" Fuck me." I cried with passion. "Oh, God... fuck me, Jonny!"

I bent my crotch up to meet his thrust and moaned softly as my son's cock nudged at my wet opening. It was heavenly to feel a cock, my son's cock, at the opening of my love canal. I lift my crotch against his impaling monster, feeling my cunt lips opening to limits to accommodate the intruder within its soft enclave. I could feel his hard cock moving deep into my cunt and with a wild cry he was fully inside me, his balls resting against my naked ass cheeks.

I began to beat and toss my cunt around his cock. I grabbed his bare ass cheeks, grinding my cunt hard on his love organ, muttering with ecstasy. I felt my son's hands sliding up and down my thrusting, grinding hips seize at my flexing, exposed ass. My son began to pound his cock into my overheated cunt, fucking my very hard. I rocked my cunt up and down, fucking him in fury, my mind boiling with the forbidden thing my son and I were doing. His cock felt so very long and thick in my cunt, I thought the friction would actually cause my cunt to burst into flames. I fervently tasted the forbidden fruit and it was tastiest of all.

"Oh, fuck me!" I screamed, my head tossing about, hair flying. "Fuck me, darling! Fuck me hard! You're making me come! Ohhh, baby, you're making mommy come! Oh, God...I'm coming!"

My cunt closed tightly about my son's thrusting cock, squeezing with tight, wet, steaming convulsions. Jonny clutched my ass desperately. I could feel his balls swollen, his cock throbbing ready to shoot. I knew he was going to come, but he was in no position to speak. His throat was constricted, and the only sounds that came from him were grunts and moans. Suddenly he gave a wild hoarse cry and he sprayed thick, boiling come juice along the thirsty walls of my pussy. The deep pulsations of his squirting cock triggered my orgasm also. My pussy was throbbing violently around my sons jerking prick. I felt my son's cock gushing into my cunt, and my pussy squeezed and sucked its willfully. I was no longer screaming, but sobbing with rapture, feeling the divine. I clung to my son's ass while he spurted come juice into my cunt. Finishing his job, he slumped over my body.

I didn't remember how long we stayed in that position, Jonny's cock still buried into my now satisfied pussy. I was savoring the every moment of that blissful feeling. I regain conscious only when Jonny withdrew his flaccid cock out of me. He again slumped to my side, his hands exploring my naked tits, his thighs still touching my wet pussy. Our love juice was flowing out of my cunt to my bare ass and finally to the bed sheet below it. I eyes met with Jonny's, I gave him a faint smile. Here was my lover, my son, the man who can fulfill my physical as well as my emotional needs. I knew I am hooked to him for life.

My son is now my lover and I am not ashamed of it.

Mom, What Do You Have For Breakfast?
by Indy Pop
Copyright© 2002 by Indy Pop
(This is only a work of fiction. The story is complete in itself; however, to relate to characters please read, "I got a lover, my son")

A cold morning breeze sent a wave of shivers through my body, forcing me to open my eyes. With half opened eyes I looked at the opened windows, which I had forgotten to close last night.

It was a pleasant cold November morning. I glanced at the wall clock; it was showing ten past eight. I was late today, very unusual for a person like me, as I am an early riser. But, after having a fantastic night of fucking and sucking with my only son, it was not possible even for me, to maintain my rigid schedule. And this hadn't happened for the first time. Ever since I started screwing my son Jonny, I was unable to get up early. Thankfully, it was Saturday and I was in no hurry.

I looked at my nakedness. My hand moved between my thighs, into my pubic area. I could feel the traces of my son's dried cum in my dark bush. Last night, I was so contented after our two rounds of lovemaking that thereafter, I immediately fell asleep.

I looked at my son Jonny, lying next to me, snoring lightly. Jonny stopped sleeping in his own room, and was now sharing my bedroom. After all, he was the man of the house and his horny mom needed a daily quota of his hot deluge into her famished pussy. I glanced at his cock; it was hard, jetting like a flagpole from his dark thatch. I felt my pussy going wild just from seeing his erect cock.

I tried to control myself. Jonny was still sound asleep, and I wanted him to be fully recharged before we start our lustful weekend. I left the bed and went to the bathroom. I stood in front of the vanity and inspected my reflection in the full sized mirror.

I was amazed to see the woman in the mirror. Not only my pubic hair, but also my whole body, my hair, my face, my nipples, my stomach, were all covered with the traces of the dried cum. I had always loved the feel of cum over my body. I smiled at the shameless slut looking at me through the mirror.

I watched what my tits looked like while I squeezed and caressed them with both hands, enjoying the pink of my nipples, and how crisp my bush of black pubic hair looked. My tits are very sensitive, and soon they were buzzing with a sexual excitement, which was communicating itself directly to my clitoris. I was feeling a new prickly feeling in my cunt, and I was wet again.

I turned my ass towards the mirror, and spreading my legs I bent over, looking at my firm ass from between my legs. I watched my wet pink pussy slit peeping out of my thick fur. My fur is really very bushy, and a trail of hair goes around my ass hole too. I laughed at how it looked like a puckered brown hole surrounded by a curly beard.

I had never shaved my pussy. My late husband adored my hairy pussy and never allowed me to shave it. Now, my son also has similar tastes. I ran a finger through my anal crack. My anal passage is not virgin. My late husband used to intrude into it occasionally, and I had always enjoyed the experience. So far, Jonny had not paid much attention to my sphincter, he was still busy exploring his first pussy, but I knew that it wouldn't be long before he would start discovering the other delicious aperture his mother can offer to his raging cock.

I finished my daily rituals, took a hot bath and came back to my room. Jonny was still sleeping. I admired his lean athletic body. My son is not into bodybuilding; he prefers athletics and likes to participate in long distance races. Due to this, he practices daily for hours. It had given him a good lean athletic body, quite unlike his father who was rather flabby in his later days.

There was some movement between his thighs, his hard cock was jerking gently between the dark thatches of his pubic hair. It was hard to guess whether he was having an erotic dream, or it was only the morning hardness, so natural to all the males. I lovingly watched his hardness, trying to recall the pleasure it had been imparting to my hungry pussy ever since we started having sex. I felt my pussy twitching with exhilaration.

After drying myself, I took my bra and panties from my drawers, but decided against wearing them and put them back. The morning was a little cold so I put on my bathrobe and went to the kitchen.

I prepared coffee for me, and was busy preparing breakfast when I heard the sound of footsteps behind me. Jonny was standing at the kitchen's door, supporting his tall lean frame against the door. His hands folded at his chest, he was smiling at me. He was still naked, his hard cock extending like flagpole, his mushroomed cock head looking at me invitingly. My heart skipped a beat.

"Morning mom! Can I have some coffee?"

"Morning honey." I smiled back. "Help yourself."

Jonny moved to the kitchen counter, but stood directly behind me. He bent over to pour the coffee from the kettle to his mug, and in the process pushing his groin just a little into my firm ass. I could feel his throbbing erection push its way between my ass cheeks as he leaned over. I was pinned between my son and the kitchen platform, I felt his erection growing and pushing into my ass even more.

Jonny lifted his steaming mug. His free hand slowly moved towards my bottom. It entered inside my bathrobe and grabbed my bare ass. He started running his finger along my anal crack slowly. I felt my legs start trembling; and it took my all will power to control my urge to reach and grab his cock and put it inside my burning pussy.

Jonny was oblivious of my condition; he traced my puckered hole and his eager fingers probed it. Feigning ignorance I continued with my work. Jonny also kept on drinking his coffee, while his other hand was busy snooping my anal opening.

All of a sudden, he withdrew from me. Reluctantly, I watched him go. Jonny put the empty coffee mug into the sink. To my relief, he was back and started from where he had left. He grabbed my ass cheeks with his hands, pulling them so forcefully that I cried with pain.

His softened his grip a little, but spread my buns and brushed my puckered hole with his erect cock. He took hold of his cock with a hand and started running his cock along the length of my crack, sending waves of intense pleasure through my body. Things were getting beyond control. I could feel my pussy fluids flowing down my thighs. My legs were quivering, and I found it extremely hard to concentrate on my work.

Jonny continued playing with my anus for a while. Then he dropped to his knees, his hands still on my buns spreading them wide. He gently nibbled at my tight buns, gripping them between his teeth, pulling them erotically and then releasing them. His soft bites were imparting a burning desire into my body and I ached to feel his tongue at my rectum.

As if he read my thoughts, I became aware of his moist tongue slowly entering my anal region, the place where his cock was roaming a few moments ago. I felt his wet tongue gently touching my puckered hole. A mild shock ran through my body, and I moaned with delight.

With great fervor, Jonny started lapping my asshole, his tongue making flickering movement across my puckered hole. I bent my body over the platform to provide his darting tongue an easy access to my ass and pussy. My pussy was oozing wet and my cunt juices were traveling down my trembling thighs.

From his position, Jonny could see the condition of my pussy, as his moist tongue slowly traveled down towards the ridge between my ass and pussy and then to my dripping pussy. Releasing his grip on my ass, he pushed apart my thighs wide to gain more access to my cunt. He licked the wetness spreading over my thighs, and slowly his mouth cupped my dripping cunt.

He folded his tongue and pushed it through my cunt slit. My cunt was more than willing to accept this intrusion, and slowly his tongue was completely buried inside me. I loved the experience and rewarded him suitably by filling his hungry mouth with my overflowing love juice. My dripping pussy was engulfed by my son's hungry mouth, his eager tongue moving in and out of my wet furry hole, his lower teeth nibbling at my swollen clitoris.

It was too much for me, and within a short span of time a shattering orgasm overwhelmed my body. I grabbed the platform to prevent me from collapsing over his licking mouth. With a wild cry, I flooded his greedy mouth with my passion fluid. Jonny did not move a bit and kept sucking my warm juices till he had guzzled every drop of my spending.

"You taste really good Mom," Jonny said with an evil smile spreading across his face, licking my pussy juices from his fingers.

I realized that I was panting, although during the whole episode I was only standing. It took me a while to regain my breath. Jonny was already on his feet and was standing beside me; studying me. His hands were again inside my bathrobe, lightly caressing my thighs and wet bush. His lips and nose covered with my pussy nectar. He was licking his lips. His eyes were gleaming with a wicked grin.

I was back to my senses; I smile and kissed him on his lips. He responded with equal passion and inserted his tongue into my willing mouth. I tasted the sweet flavor of my pussy juice over his tongue.

After a while, I moved away from him. I desperately wanted him inside me. I wanted him to fuck me badly, to thrust his hard cock deep into my hungry pussy. Before I could ask him to fuck me, his question surprised me.

"Mom, what do you have for breakfast?"

Frankly I didn't expect him to ask this question at this moment. I looked at him surprisingly.

"Why? It is omelets, sandwiches and milk. Do you need something else?"

"Yes mom!" He was staring at me, grinning from ear to ear with a mischievous look in his eyes.

"I think I'd prefer to have dessert first."

"Dessert?" I was totally confused. I could guess he was scheming something nasty. My son was a shy teenager no more. He was playing games with his horny mom.

"Yes mom, dessert, a special one."

He moved to the fridge and opened it. He searched in the side cabinet and when his hand came out, it was holding a bar of my favorite chocolate. He took a bowl from cupboard; poured a little milk into it, removed the wrapper off the chocolate, broke the chocolate into many small pieces and dropped them into the milk.

He put the bowl over the gas stove. The heat of the burner started melting the chocolate and soon the pieces were completely melted. Jonny turned off the burner, and took a spoon from the cupboard. Using the spoon, he thoroughly stirred the content of the bowl, turning its content into a rich brown cream.

Finishing his task, Jonny looked at his preparation. He dipped his finger into it, felt its temperature, and took an iota of cream on his finger. He brought his finger to his lips and tasted his recipe. Satisfactorily he nodded, his head approving his preparation. He then handed me the bowl.

"Ladies first, mom."

I had been watching him silently, and by the time he finished his preparation, his intentions were clear to me. I took the bowl of liquid chocolate from his hand. I gently, grabbed his cock in my free hand and led him to the dining table, pulled a chair and shove him to sit on it. Jonny sat on the chair astride, his legs apart and his raging manhood rising like a pole from his dark thatches.

I got down between his legs, took his raging cock in my hand and fondled it lightly. I dipped my hand in bowl, smearing my fingers with the mildly warm creamy liquid chocolate. Slowly, I applied the cream to his cock. I spread it along its length, smudging it purple head with a thick coat; I smeared his pubic hair with thick sweet fluid and covering his big sack of balls. Soon, his whole groin area was covered with chocolaty paste.

It was time to enjoy my special dessert. I stuck out my tongue and gently tasted his piss hole, thickly covered with chocolate. It tasted like a mix of chocolate and cum. Playfully, I licked the coating from his cock head, savoring every bit my favorite adhering to his hard on. I ran my tongue along the length of his shaft, licking the sweet brown cream off it.

The whole thing was an out of this world experience. Every stroke of my hungry tongue on his cock was sending waves of hot passion through my body. Jonny was also feeling the same, as he had started moaning, asking me to continue my efforts.

I kept on licking his hot pecker, eating every bit of chocolaty paste glued to it. Finishing my task with his cock length, I concentrated my attention on his large testicles richly garnished with chocolate. Alternately, I took his balls one by one into my mouth and sucked them. My mouth was filled with my favorite chocolate, and I must admit I was enjoying my dessert immensely.

I covered his shaft with my fingers, moving up and down slowly across its length. I smiled at him and circled my lips and slipped them over his cock. My tongue again swirled around the head. Jonny groaned at the swift contact. My lips moved along the shaft, sucking him hard and fast. Jonny's hard prick was now completely engulfed inside my mouth. Jonny grabbed my head and forced his pelvis up to bury his cock deep into my mouth. His groin was moving to and fro, and he was fucking his mom's hungry mouth like a reciprocating piston, grunting and moaning with the effort and ecstasy. About a minute later I felt the unmistakable tremble. He was preparing to reward his horny mother with his hot jism. I felt his cock grow, even bigger in my mouth and suddenly his hot deluge started flooding my mouth. The hot jets of cum splashing into the back of my throat, gagging me for a moment. I recovered immediately and continued guzzling every drop of his hot seed with great fervor.

Jonny's cock continued jerking in my mouth, sending drops of cum splashing against my oral cavity. Slowly, like all good things, it came to an end; the jerking subsided and the inundation stopped. I continued sucking his cock and trying to squeeze even the last drop of cum from his cock.

His cock was now losing its hardness and slowly, it softened inside my mouth. When I removed my lips from his cock; Jonny's eyes were closed, and he looked delirious with the tremendous pleasure he had just received from his mother. He was breathing heavily; his limp cock now languishing along his thigh. Playfully, I kissed his cock and licked his pubic region, sucking off some more cream from the neighborhood.

Jonny had opened his eyes, and was looking at me intently.

"How was the dessert mom?" His voice was still trembling with excitement.

"Great son, it's your turn now." I replied, running my tongue over my lips to catch the last drop of his cum. "Let's see, how'd you have your dessert."

Jonny stood from the chair, removed my bathrobe making me completely naked. He led me back to the kitchen counter. My back facing the platform, he took my hands and supported them at the corner of the platform. I was in an arched position now, with my hands supporting back on the platform, and my streaming hairy pussy thrusting forward to the lustful eyes of my son.

Jonny assessed my position and then adjusted the position of my legs by spreading them further. My pussy was now open even wider to his lascivious gaze. Jonny brought his nose to my cunt, his eyes glued to it. He took a deep breath and gently flicked my cunt lips with his tongue, running it through my wet bush.

He took the bowl in his hand. He dipped his fingers into it and lifted the thick gluey liquid. Slowly, he started smearing the cream on my pussy lips. He applied the sweet dark brown liquid evenly over my pubic hair. He scooped some more cream from the bowl and this time he spread it across my puffy pussy lips.

His fingers were moving smoothly over my wet cunt lips spreading a uniform layer of cream along the length of my slit, smearing every strand of pubic hair over my love canal and even on my protruding clitoris. My whole genital area was covered with chocolate cream.

He took another scoop of cream from the bowl. I was surprised where he would be using that extra. My surprise was soon turned into a rage of passion, when he bent between my astride legs and started filling my anal crack with the cream.

He spread my ass checks with one hand and with the other hand he smeared the cream across the length of my crack, especially concentrating on my puckered hole and the smooth silky hairs surrounding the opening. I could feel his finger entering my hole, applying a coat of chocolaty emulsion. By the time he finished daubing my ass with cream, I was already in a state of extreme rapture.

Finishing his task, Jonny moved away from me, and stood between my open legs. He was lustfully gazing at his handiwork, his cream-coated finger was inside his mouth and he was licking the cream off his finger. I tried to examine my pussy and I could see thick chocolaty paste covering my pubic region.

His other hand was gently massaging his cock, which was showing the signs revival. Jonny lustily watched my chocolate-coated cunt and slowly bent his knees to the floor. His face now aligned with my cunt, gradually he lowered his head to my cream coated opening.

His wet tongue traveled in my pubic region licking the cream off my pubic hair; his lips lightly holding and pulling at my bush and his dexterous tongue eating the cream off them. He deliberately avoided moving his tongue over my wet slit, sending me into a state of deep frenzy with anticipation. My son was turning into a great cunt lapper.

Little by little his tongue ventured into my inner thighs licking and savoring the chocolate flavor spread there. Still, he avoided running it over my cunt lips, aggravating my predicament. My cunt was flowing profusely and my spending was mingling with the sweet dessert spread over my pussy.

By the time his tongue journeyed into my inflamed pussy lips, I was dying with anticipation. Gently, he ran his wet tongue across the length of my slit, enjoying the sweet flavor of my cum mixed with chocolate. I am certain sure that he liked the taste. It looked quite evident from the way he suddenly increased the speed of lapping.

Jonny was licking my cunt vigorously. During every stroke, his tongue was flicking upwards gently striking my love bud in the process, sending tremors of powerful excitement through me. He licked the cream off my slit and in between continued teasing my swollen clit. Soon, my clit was between his greedy lips and he was hungrily sucking it.

My legs were trembling violently, and it was getting extremely difficult to remain in my bent position.

I threw my head back and moaned loudly as my son started swirling his tongue up and down my pussy slit. He kept sucking my clit and quickly entered two of his fingers inside my love canal. His sudden intrusion of my cunt sent me into a state of extreme ecstasy. His fingers were moving frantically in and out of my swollen pussy. I was in the state of pure bliss.

"Ohhhh, mmmmm..." Delirious with extreme enjoyment, I let out a deep moan as his fingers moved fervently in and out of my pussy. My body responded to his stimulation and I pushed my hips up to meet his thrusting fingers.

I knew I was nearing another orgasm. Jonny was not finished yet. His tongue was still fluttering across my clitoris. Slowly, it started wandering down, towards my thighs, slowly crossing the ridge there and entering into my cream filled anal passage.

His tongue probing deeply into my anus, eating the strands of chocolate trapped in the hair around my puckered hole. He dug fiercely into my asshole, trying to force his tongue into the opening. I could feel my sphincter opening up a little to accommodate the tip of his tongue. But, the tightness of my anal muscles was too much for his probing tongue, and he could not thrust it fully inside my rectum. I have had my share of anal intercourses, but they were long time ago. My rear aperture was not breached for many years and it was as good as a virgin ass.

Jonny seemed satisfied with what he could achieve. Oblivious to my thinking, he kept on lapping at my anus, sending waves of unfathomable thrill into me. I was approaching another wonderful orgasm. My pussy was begging for a cock, and I desperately wanted to feel my son's stuffing my famished pussy.

"Fuck me! Fuck me!" I could not control my temptation and begged. "Put your hard cock into your mama's hungry pussy. Fuck your mama, please."

Hearing my frenzied request, Jonny moved his head from my ass. My legs were trembling feverishly. Somehow, I was preventing myself from tripping over my son.

Jonny looked into my pleading eyes. He stood up from his stooped position, standing erect between my thighs. His cock was fully erect now, and it was hovering over my welcoming cunt. Looking again at my son's throbbing cock, which was barely inches away from my hungry cunt lips, my pulse quickened and I felt another, much stronger twinge run through my lower body. I wanted his cock inside me and I wanted it desperately.

Looking at me with a winning smile, he took hold of my waist in his hand. With his free hand, he guided the swollen head of his cock towards my steaming pussy. My pussy was soaking wet, it provided adequate lubrication to his impending cock. It was a smooth sailing, as his raging hardon entered my love canal without facing any resistance.

Soon, his full cock length was buried inside my pussy, his chocolate-coated balls dangling below it, resting against my ass cheeks. He grabbed my waist in both hands and slowly started thrusting his cock in and out of my pussy with a slow rhythm. During our oral escapade, we did our best to clean the chocolate off each other's genitals, but still some traces of brown cream were clinging to our pubic region. With each stroke of my son's pelvis, our pubic regions were coming into sticky contact.

I started to push my hips back at him, and soon we were fucking together, mother and son, in the most forbidden of embraces between a mother and her son. But I never saw it that way. To me, it was the purest of all embraces, my son's cock moving between my cunt lips. Oh…God… It was heavenly.

With each thrust of his lower abdomen, my breasts jiggled in the in most pleasant manner, my nipples hard and erect, flushed red with the excitement I was receiving from my dear son. I could feel another powerful orgasm approaching and gripped harder on the sides of platform, my knuckles paining with the strain.

"That's it! Harder baby, HARDER!" I cried hoarsely.

Jonny did as he was told and started thrusting even harder; I rocked my body faster, moving my ass back and forth towards him to match his rhythm. Sweat was dripping off his smooth body, although it was cold outside. My pussy burned and itched, I needed release desperately. My son was hammering his cock in and out of my sucking pussy grunting with the effort.

"Faster... harder... FASTER!" I moaned

To my utter disappointment Jonny suddenly withdrew his cock from my cunt. Before I could understand what was happening, he completely withdrew from me, his hands leaving the grip on my waist.

I looked his questioningly, with sheer frustration written over my face.

Jonny didn't wait to read my frustration. Without bothering about my reaction, he ordered me to turn around. My displeasure evaporated immediately, my son wanted me in doggy style, fucking me from behind.

Gleefully, I turned my face towards the platform and gripping the corners with my hands, I bent my body, spread my legs wide to provide easy access to his dick. Jonny moved between my legs, his hot dick touching my anal aperture. His hand moved between my legs to feel and spread the lips of my burning pussy. With the other hand, he guided the head of his mammoth cock towards my waiting cunt lips. He rubbed the tender lips of my steaming pussy with his bloated cock head for a few times, but didn't try to enter.

"Fuck me son, fuck me." I pleaded. "Fuck my pussy."

"No mom, I want to fuck your ass today." He was smearing his cock head with my pussy juices. "May I?"

I was numb with excitement. My fantasy was about to be fulfilled. Only an hour ago, I was thinking about my son fucking my ass.

"Go ahead son." I brushed my ass over his cock. "Bugger your mother's ass."

I felt his cock moving away from my pussy lips, and then it was nudging at my anal entrance. He ran his wet cock across my puckered hole making up and down movement of his thick meat. He pointed the head at my rear opening, and started thrusting his massive organ inside my wrinkled hole.

Initially, it appeared that my rear muscles would not budge under the force, but the urge to feel his handsome cock inside my ass was so overpowering that after offering a little resistance my brown sphincter muscles surrendered to his brutal thrusting. His cock entered triumphantly inside my anal cavity. My asshole was stretched to the limits, and I felt a twinge of pain. But, the pleasure accompanying the pain was so potent that soon I forgot the pain and started enjoying the feel of a massive cock slowly entering into my rectum after such a long time.

Inch by inch, his dick sank into my asshole. He remained motionless for a moment to allow me to accommodate his cock in my ass before starting his rhythmic in and out motion. What an intense feeling! It was like getting fucked for the first time. I cherished the long forgotten experience.

My asshole was so tight that I could feel every vein and curve of my son's cock as it traveled in and out of my chute. I realized that I was shouting with extreme delight asking for more and more of my son's dick. Jonny left my waist. Bending over my leaning body he grabbed my tits, humping furiously his rampant cock to gain the deepest access to my rear channel. It was an experience of a lifetime, very different from my previous ones.

"Oh, God, I love it," I heard myself crying with erotic fury. "Fuck my ass, fuck it!"

Jonny was fucking me really hard, slamming his big cock into my ass, over and over again. I was shaking incessantly, yelling, moaning, boring my fingers into the platform so tightly that my knuckles turned white. Jonny was panting with his effort, his movements more rapid now, his fingers tightly gripping my tits. My taut anal muscles were producing enough friction for his thrusting to hasten his orgasm. I could feel his organ swelling inside my rectum.

Suddenly, Jonny dug his fingers furiously into my boobs, making me cry with pain; He propelled his cock forward and exploded inside my asshole, filling my rear sanctuary with his hot boiling seed. His cock was jerking incessantly releasing globes of hot cum one after another. The feel of his hot seed inside my ass triggered my orgasm, sending my heated pussy into a state of uncontrollable twitching and throbbing, my love juice flowing down my thighs.

Jonny's sweating body collapsed over my back, his hands still grabbing at my tits, but the grip was softer now. He was breathing heavily. His cock was still buried inside my ass but I could feel that it was losing its hardness.

After a while, he pulled his cock out of my ass and slumped over the nearby chair, trying to control his breathing. My whole body was shaking wildly; my arms had lost all their strength, somehow managing to support my weight over the platform. I rested my head over the platform, closed my eyes and enjoyed the delicious feeling radiating through my entire body, the powerful waves of my orgasm spreading through me in the most wonderful manner I had ever experienced.

I don't remember how long we stayed in that position. Finally, I lifted my head off the kitchen platform. Feeling fully contented, I looked at my son; he had also regained his composure and he was watching me attentively, his deflated cock now resting against his thigh.

Although I had tried to devour every bit of cream off his cock and pubic region, it appeared that my efforts were not completely successful. His groin area was still gleaming with a thin brown coating of chocolaty paste and so were his face and lips, which were coated with the dessert he licked off my cunt and ass. I too, was in no better condition. My hands, my cunt, my tits, my ass all were covered with remains of a thick gluey cream, giving me a vague sticky sensation.

"So mom! How was the dessert?" Jonny smiled at me and asked teasingly.

"Great," I smiled back. I walked to him, feeling the presence of a gluey mixture of Jonny's cum and chocolate between my ass cheeks. I sat on his lap. " But your cock made my ass sore and my whole body feels sticky. It seems that I'll have to take a bath again."

"No problem mom," He replied wickedly. "We'll take the shower together and I promise, I'll sooth your sore ass with my tongue."

He was right.