Home | b biddle's Page - Settings
Junior High Spankings
by b biddle
Copyright© 2005 by b biddle
?

The girls were waiting outside the school auditorium in a state of high excitement. Rumors about a major change in school discipline were rampant. Marsha, a precocious 13-year old, and her best friends kept to themselves, but were not immune to the sense of electricity. Adding to the uncertainty was the fact that it was the boys, now in the auditorium, who were receiving the news first.

Finally the doors to the auditorium opened and the boys came out and passed between the girls on their way back to homerooms. The girls' nervousness increased as they recognized the chastened demeanor of the boys. They were unusually reserved. They weren't horsing around and chatting among themselves. They kept their eyes on the floor as they walked, avoiding eye contact with the girls.

The mood of the girls was not improved when Johnny Benjamin, the class stud, came waddling out supported by his friends. Tears were streaming down his face and he was sobbing uncontrollably. Marsha almost asked what was happening, but at the last minute thought better of it and the boys passed through the doors at the end of the hall and out of sight.

The girls, now apprehensive, filed mutely into the auditorium and took seats. The doors were closed and the female teachers filed onto the stage. Ms Jones, the assistant principal came to the front of the stage and looked down on the girls. Her expression was serious yet kindly. Marsha and several of the other girls visibly relaxed.

"Girls," Ms Jones began, "as you know there has been increasing concern among the school board about the rowdy behavior of boys in this school. They have instituted a novel program to rectify such behavior based on a philosophy of combining corporal punishment and humiliation. There is only one rule that you need to know about." With that she turned to an easel to her right and uncovered a board with a simple statement which she read aloud.

"Any female student may, for any reason, anywhere, at anytime, and as often as she wants, take a boy over her lap and spank his bare bottom for as long as she wants. The only restrictions are that she must use her bare hand, and must spank only his bottom, which must be bare, and he must be draped over the girl's lap at the time."

She paused as an excited buzz swept through the assembled girls. Marsha could hardly believe her ears, but nevertheless felt a sudden wetness and tingling between her legs. "What an opportunity," was her first thought. But then she realized,"no it could never happen, what boy would allow it?" When she remembered the sobbing Johnny, the tingling intensified and she felt her nipples harden.

"Are there any questions," asked Ms Jones. Questions were obviously buzzing through every mind present, but the silence lengthened until Marsha screwed up the courage to probe the possibilities.

"Ms Jones," she asked, "you say we can spank the boys, but they're generally stronger than we are. Why would they let us?"

Ms Jones answer was to the point, "You don't need to know why they will submit. They have been informed as to what will happen to any boy who refuses to be spanked. There will be very, very few refusals and no boy will refuse twice, believe me."

"But I don't get it," Donna asked. (Donna often didn't get it, not being the brightest bulb in the string.) "What's not to get," countered Ms Jones." "Well, why should we spank the boys?" "Because they need it and you want to," answered Ms Jones.

Marsha raised her hand again. "But Ms Jones, I really can't believe the boys would allow this." "Then I guess you need a demonstration," Ms Jones said. "Marsha, name a boy to be spanked." Marsha was momentarily non-plussed, but conferred hurriedly with her two buddies and they quickly agreed. "Zeke Burkett," Marsha announced. The other girls whispered excitedly among themselves. Zeke was an obnoxious football player who was always giving the girls a hard time and was not above groping any girl who made the mistake of getting too close. Just the other day, Marsha had gotten too close to him in the hall and he had put both his hands on her full breasts and squeezed them.

Ms Jones did not hesitate. She strode to the school intercom system at the side of the stage, turned it on and announced in a very authoritative voice "Zeke Burkett, you have ten seconds to get to the auditorium, or you'll regret it." In no time at all, the back door to the auditorium burst open and Zeke came hurriedly, but sheepishly into the room. Ms Jones beckoned him to the stage. He reluctantly went up to her, his eyes cast down. "Boy," said Ms Jones sternly, "you have been selected to be spanked." He slumped a little, but made no protest. "Marsha," Ms Jones continued, "come up here and spank him." Zeke was momentarily as startled as Marsha was. They both had expected Ms Jones to administer the spanking. But both quickly recovered, Zeke went into further dejection and Marsha to heightened elation. She didn't need a second invitation. She made her way to the stage and sat in the chair that Ms Jones indicated.

The defeated boy dropped his pants and shorts giving her a quick glimpse of a fright-shriveled pecker before he lay over her lap, his naked and firm ass cheeks exposed to everyone's view. Marsha's cunt was in ecstasy as she began to spank him. As he writhed beneath her blows she got hotter and more frenzied and was soon spanking as hard as she could, blow after blow. Zeke's ass was turning bright crimson and he was moaning and begging her to stop, but he made no attempt to resist. Finally she had worn herself out and stopped. She shoved him imperiously from her lap where he lay huddled on the floor sobbing and desperately trying to soothe his glowing ass. He seemed oblivious to the stares of his enthralled female classmates, all of whom were beginning to see the possibilities of this new policy.

Lest there be confusion, Marsha decided to clarify. "So, Ms Jones, we may spank any boy we want just for the hell of it." "That's exactly right, Marsha." The whispering among the girls increased. Finally Ms Jones said "Well, girls, I guess you've got it. We'll assemble later in the week to discuss how things are going. Remember, if any boy dares resist, report him to me and he'll be dealt with immediately. Dismissed!"

Talking excitedly, the girls left the room. Marsha's brain was churning with the possibilities of this new found power. Her cunt was on fire and her nipples were hard as diamonds. She was a fan of female domination web sites and had masturbated often to visions of spanking naked boys draped over her lap or to images of boys on their knees before her, their lips firmly attached to her cunt as their tongues probed and tweaked her clit.

When they reached the homeroom, the boys were seated quietly and dejectedly still avoiding eye contact with the girls. Marsha nudged her friend Tiffany who didn't need much prodding. Tiffany looked around the room and firmly announced, "Jimmy Jones, come over to me for a spanking." Jimmy didn't really hesitate, but was obviously reluctant and arose in a hangdog posture and moved to Tiffany who sat in a chair at the front of the room. He unbuckled his pants and dropped them and his shorts before draping himself over Tiffany's lap. Again there was a brief and tantalizing view of cock. Marsha was beginning to consider ways of extending the view.

Tiffany wasted no time in beginning to punish Jimmy's ass with her bare hand. She delivered her blows steadily and as hard as she could. It didn't take long before Jimmy was hollering and begging for mercy. Soon he was blubbering. Marsha could see that Tiffany was aroused. Her nipples were poking through the thin fabric of her blouse.

This second spanking opened the flood gates and soon each of the girls was taking a turn at punishing the asses of the boys. One by one the boys were reduced to sobbing and groveling, but Marsha was increasingly frustrated by the limited views of boy equipment.

Marsha had a revelation and quickly huddled with Tiffany and Dawn. They quickly agreed on their strategy. They demanded that John Blair step over to them. He was one of the cutest boys in class and was reputed to have a large cock. Marsha stared at him and spoke very firmly. "This is how it's going to be, boy. We're going to give you orders. The minute you disobey, we're going to take turns spanking you until your ass is one giant blister. When one of us gets tired another will take over. Understood?"

"Yes, Marsha," John said. "And don't call us by our first names," Marsha shot at him. "From now on you'll address each of us as 'Mistress'. Do you understand?" "Yes, Mistress," John said defeated.

"Okay, then, take off all your clothes-I want you completely naked." John was startled. "But I don't have to do that, all I have to do is drop my pants to be spanked." "That's right, boy, you don't have to, but we'll spank you until you strip. Over my lap with a bare ass!"

"He dropped his pants and shorts and lay over her lap. She began to punish him as hard as she could. When she got winded Dawn made him move to her lap and quickly continued the punishment. His ass was scarlet and he was screaming with pain. When he had been moved to Tiffany's lap it took only a few more blows before he capitulated. "Okay, please, no more, I'll strip." Tiffany, however, did not stop but continued the punishment until she too was tired and John was screaming with pain. Tiffany spilled him to the floor. He was still blubbering and trying to comfort his sore ass.

Marsha loomed over him and, shoving her face in his snarled, "will you obey now or do we go through another set of three spankings?" John slowly rose with his pants and shorts puddled around his ankles. He reluctantly removed his shirt and stepped out of the pants. He bent over and removed his shoes and socks and then stood back up with his hands covering his crotch. His face was almost as scarlet as his ass.

"Get those hands on your head or the spankings continue," demanded Marsha. A defeated John moved his hands to his head and exposed his cock and balls to view. They were shriveled with pain and fear and were not as impressive as the girls had expected. Marsha laughed, "I thought he was a stud. That's not much to look at." If possible, John turned an even brighter shade of red. The other girls were staring eagerly and the other boys were trying not to watch, realizing that it could and might in the future be them as the laughing stock of the girls.

Marsha and her cronies circled John predatorily, getting a close up view us his equipment. The ringleader Marsha suddenly snapped. "Boy, grab your cock and rub it until it's hard." John obviously wanted to refuse. "More spankings, boy?" asked Marsha menacingly her face up against his.

John had no resistance left. He reached down to his cock and started to rub it. In spite of the pain his ass was feeling and the gross humiliation he was experiencing it was not long before his cock was hard. It was, in fact a very creditable cock.

Marsha turned to the class and in firm and forceful tones commanded:"Any boy who has clothes on after the count of ten will be gang spanked!" She waited only a beat before beginning to count back from ten. All but one boy hurried to strip, slipping off tee-shirts, dropping pants and losing their underwear. By the time she reached zero, only Brad Fennel still had clothes on. Marsha loomed over him, "Okay, boy, it's gang spanking time. Ariel, you start!" Brad was soon draped over Ariel's lap, his firm and naked ass being spanked as hard as Ariel could muster. When she tired, Angie took over. After only a few whacks from Evelyn, Brad was sobbing and begging "Okay, I'll strip, please stop, it hurts, please stop." Evelyn hesitated, but Marsha commanded "Keep it up; he'll learn not to be defiant. And I'll give it to him last." Evelyn struck him ten more times and then Marsha took over. Although his ass was already scarlet, she held back nothing but whaled away a good fifty strokes. Brad was shrieking in agony, begging to be allowed to obey and strip. Anything to stop the infliction of more pain.

When Marsha finished she shoved him from her lap and commanded. "Strip quick, or we'll start over." Brad quickly stripped and exposed himself to the taunting looks of the girls who remarked on the shriveled state of his cock and the bright red of his ass.

Marsha turned on the boys and glaring at them said. "Okay, this is how it is. Every one of you boys will do whatever any mistress tells you to, and we girls are all mistresses from now on. No matter what you are told to do, you'll do it. If you don't we'll gang spank you and keep gang spanking you until you obey. We'll spank you well past the point that you finally give in, and we won't stop until you do."

She beckoned to Fred Smith and commanded him to move in front of the newly chastened Brad. She then glared at Brad, "well, do you want another gang spank by five of us or are you ready to do what you are told?" "Yes, Mistress, I'll obey. Just please don't spank me any more." With a thrill of exultation, Marsha snapped at him, "Get down on your knees and suck Fred's cock and swallow his Jizz!" Brad hesitated only a second. Then sinking to his knees, his face reddening to scarlet he opened his mouth and started sucking on Fred's fuck stick. The girls were awestruck, the boys appalled. They knew that they would soon be having their turn.

Just as Fred's cock fired its wad deep down Brad's throat, the other girls began to take command of the other boys. Soon the sound of boy mouths slurping boy cocks filled the room.

Marsha was only beginning. She reached under her skirt and slipped her panties off and threw them in the wastebasket. She turned on Brad, who had just had his balls drained and commanded him to his knees. She grabbed a handful of his hair and dragged his head under her skirt and up to her snatch. "Start lapping, slave, or you'll soon have a red ass. " She was in ecstasy as Brad's tongue found her clit and began to slurp it. Here she was, with a sexually spent boy lapping at her cunt, giving her the pleasure that her new found godhood demanded while he, the slave, was getting no pleasure himself. She loved this new discipline system.
Your opinion is important:
Share with the others what you think about
"Junior High Spankings"
     
Switch to Expanded voting form
The End
Posted: 2005-06-11
Home | Top | b biddle's Page |   Feedback to author
