 
Home | Sirdar's Page
Kidnapped by Schoolgirls
by Sirdar
Copyright© 2012 by Sirdar

Tony Nash at 23 was the new Sports Master, at Langworth Girls Private Grammar School a fee paying private school on the outskirts of Ealing near London. It catered for the twelve to seventeen daughters of very rich people who wanted and expected the best for their offspring. Tony was single, young, athletic, and good looking, or so the majority of the girls thought. The Headmistress had not wanted to appoint him for that reason, knowing full well the chaos that could be brought about by a young hunk like him in an all girls school, but there was a distinct shortage of qualified lady sports teachers, so very reluctantly, and having to bear in mind the current legislation on sex discrimination the Head Mistress had no real alternative, and so Tony had got the job.

The interest in all sports and athletics, with the exception of netball, a sport which Tony had nothing to do with, increased enormously after his appointment. A point that had been noticed with amusement by the rest of the teaching staff and which was frequently a matter of comment, by the rest of the staff in the staff room during coffee and lunch breaks.

Tony thoroughly enjoyed working with all these attractive girls in the gymnasium, running around in their scanty shorts and bra less tops and it was amazing just how so many of them were so inept at pole vaulting and other physical exercises which required him to give them personal attention, on how to position themselves, or to hold the pole before attempting the high jump. It was not unknown, for some of these adventurous young ladies, to take advantage of the situation, while he had his arms round them attempting to show them the correct posture, to feel their hands having an accidental crafty feel at his cock.

He even got a crafty kiss on the cheek from one or two girls when they could get away with it. Tony loved it. He thought that it was quite erotic and being human, he enjoyed all the girls attention which he got. Which not unnaturally, having been in contact with these glamorous young teenagers in their gym costumes, left him almost continuously with a very hard and a very unsatisfied sexual appetite. But Tony was very aware of the dangers involved with these spoilt rich kids. The Headmistress had been quite forceful, when she had outlined the penalties involved, should he be foolish enough to enter into any type of sexual relationship with any of the girls.

If they got too obvious Tony would just smile, and would scold them gently, not making a scene or making a major issue of these incidents, while they as a rule profusely apologized and then they would do it all again, the next time the opportunity arrived. He knew full well that like boys of their age, the girls had an overwhelming obsession and curiosity about sex.

His head of department was a Miss Roxy Lansdale, a single, but very attractive blonde spinster of twenty six, who had recently broken off her engagement to her fiancé just a month before the wedding. The arrival of Tony at the school, had convinced her rightly or wrongly that she could do better than her existing fiancé and she had decided that Tony was the man for her. For Tony, her antics were a source of annoyance and rather more worrying he did his best to discourage her, which only seemed to make her more determined.

She would watch Tony and the girls with mounting jealousy, especially, as Tony refused all her attempts to take her out on a date, or even meet her for an after school drink, no matter how much she tried. She started dressing much more sexily, to such an extent that she got a warning from the Headmistress, who bluntly told her to grow up and act her age.

Tony was always polite and courteous to her, and on one occasion, whilst talking, he took the opportunity of telling her that he thought it would be a mistake to have an affair with a work colleague, because it could lead to complications. Roxy was not used to being rebuffed, and quietly she vowed that one way or the other she would have her wicked way with him.

What made it worse, was that Roxy could not help showing her interest in Tony openly, such was her obsession whenever he was around, and this was quickly noticed by the rest of the female staff at the school. One of them ran a book on how long Tony would, or could hold out. In a way most of them were a little envious of Roxy, having such an attractive young male hunk in her department and being able to work so closely with him. The fact that she was making no progress with him at all, was very frustrating, but she could not think of a logical excuse where she could get him on his own out of school hours.

Many of the older girls not unnaturally, also had a serious crush on Tony, which perhaps was a lot less subtle and easier for Tony to ignore. In particular the very glamorous teenager Megan Watkins, a sixteen year old long leggy blonde with lovely features, who even at her tender age was no virgin and had been inducted into the sex scene by her wealthy father when she was just thirteen. Megan was herself very attracted to Tony and like Roxy had been quite sure that she would find a way to seduce him and have her wicked way with him. But so far all her antics had failed miserably. Megan's father was the Managing Director and major shareholder of the Rio Pharmaceutical Manufacturing company which manufactured a whole range of medications.

Megan at home, despite her fathers attentions was frequently left very much to her own devices by her father, who was a widower and was now becoming much more interested in spending time with his current call girl and new mistress.

Megan was so interested in Tony, that she had even followed him to his home and got to know quite a bit about his personal habits She had taken a lot of photographs of Tony out of school and spent a lot of time drooling over them. Megan being a very capable girl, even found a way of peeping into the small male changing room that Tony used at the school, and as usual Tony thinking that he was on his own, had left his cubicle door open, while he showered and changed. One afternoon after a very long and very frustrating session with the sixth formers, who had been especially good at groping him and leading him on, was giving himself a little hand job, to relieve his pent up frustrations...

Increasingly, Tony had the feeling that he was being watched, not an uncommon feeling, even at times even while he was out of school and that afternoon once again in the changing room. He had that feeling, and logically anticipating that it would be one of the students, decided to put on a good show especially for the watcher.

Megan was a girl who was not used to being thwarted in her desires, had thought long and hard about how she could get on terms with him. It seemed to her that the only way was to kidnap him, but she knew that she could not do it on her own, and if she was discovered, the publicity would be most embarrassing. The more she thought about it, the more logical it seemed, she was sure that once he had seen the benefits of sex with her, he would not refuse her again, or even consider calling the police.

What she had seen that afternoon made Megan even more determined than ever to get him for herself. Tony naked, was much more impressive than her father. To kidnap him, she needed help and she reluctantly co-opted her two best friends into the plot. None of the girls were virgins, and they were all very active sexually, and in different ways had managed to acquire a significant amount of sexual experience During a free period they were sat talking in the students cloakroom and for about the tenth time looking at the photos on Megan's cell phone which she had managed to take through the spy hole.

It was two days later that Miss Roxy Lansdale overheard the three girls outlining their plan to abduct Tony and hold him for a weekend, while they took turns at ravishing him They were all equally enthusiastic, as they looked at Megan's film they could see that he was a lot bigger, and a lot sexier than any of the men or boys who they had previously had affairs with.

She heard one girl say "I know Pixy Roxy has been trying to lay him without success, so we don't stand much chance." Her friend Chloe Man sell said. "Well she is a stunner, and if he won't give her what she wants so what chance do we stand?"

Megan said. "We just don't have to give him an option, I know plenty of men who would like to spend a few hours in the sack with three sexy kittens like us. I think by the time we finish with him, he will not have eyes for any other women, because on our last PT session he was trying to position me at the start point for the pole vault and I managed to grab his cock, and he was really big and hard and I know from his little groan that he liked what I was doing to him.

The third girl Sarah said "We could always kidnap him, and keep him for ourselves for the weekend and do it that way."

"Ooh that would be a bit dangerous" Chloe said.

"That is what I am really proposing, Megan said, and if you think about it, its not really such a daft idea ... He lives alone in that little farm cottage in Foxall lane, and its well away from the road, and I think it would be very easy. I have been casing the cottage and I know where he keeps the spare key. I can get some nice pills from Daddies stock to keep his cock nice and hard, and keep him randy, so we can all share him. All we would have to do is just roll up knock the door let ourselves in quietly with the spare key and the three of us can easily overpower him"

Sarah said. "Yes and afterwards, he would call the Police and have us all locked up."

Megan said. "No lets think about it logically and then get our heads together - Do you think he really would risk his job by making an official complaint and if we all stonewalled and said we knew nothing about it if he did, he would look a right fool, especially if we all had some good alibi's ready."

The girls thought about it and kicked the idea around, eventually they had to agree it could possibly work and was worth the risk. Megan then said.

I will get the pills and stuff from Daddy's lab. We don't need condoms because we are all on the pill."

Miss Roxy Lonsdale crept away and thought a lot about what she had overheard. She was wondering how she could turn the girls plan to her own advantage. She decided that Tony would be eternally grateful to her if she warned him, she would also tell the police what she had overheard. The however, were a bit skeptical, but had no option but to investigate.

Tony noted the warning and thanked her, but was unaware that she was going to the Police, but he thought about it for a while and decided to turn the idea to his own advantage.

It was 5.00pm on the Friday evening and just turning dark as Megan and Chloe let themselves in the gate to Tony's small secluded cottage. They knew he was in, because the lights were on, and his car was parked in the garage. Megan lifted the stone outside the doorway and there was the key to the front door, she carefully unlocked the door and the girls crept inside. Closing the door quietly behind them.

In the lounge it was nice and warm, the lights were dimmed, and then the girls were taken aback as Tony stood in the doorway to the bedroom dressed just in a pair of football shorts, which clearly showed his erection.

"Welcome girls I hear that you have come to kidnap me and have your wicked way with me, so please come in do. I have the kettle on. You can kidnap me after a nice cup of tea.

"Megan was the first to regain her composure." Yes that's right. Sir" Tony turned to Chloe and said you can come in here and make the tea while Megan and I get better acquainted. But what has happened to Sarah?"

Megan said "I think she got cold feet."

He held out his hand to Megan. "Come and sit by the fire with me" As he sat down in the one and only arm chair. Reaching the chair Megan was a little undecided what to do, but then she saw Tony had pulled his shorts down and his cock was standing proud, Tony reached up, and pulled a very surprise Megan down on to his lap, taking her by surprise as he kissed her passionately on the lips. Her arms automatically went round his neck. As they kissed Megan reached down and pulled her short skirt up She was wearing no panties as she raised her hips She straddled Tony and took his cock in her hand and placed his cock between her legs at the lips of her waiting pussy.

He felt the hot touch of her flesh against his, as she pressed down hard and he felt his cock start to force its way into her hot wet pussy. She lifted up and down a couple of times, and her juices lubricated him so that he slid in all the way in. Megan lifted herself to properly straddle him as she sat down making sure that he was all the way in as she sat up and started to undress. She hugged his face close to her nipples as she fucked him and for Tony he could not restrain himself he just let himself go and started moving with her...

Megan began to ride up and down on his cock, and really began to fuck him hard and fast She kissed him hard. They broke into a French kiss Then suddenly Megan stiffened and began to climax. Tony stepped up the pace a little, She broke the kiss and threw back her head and went "Ahh Ahh ahh ahhhhhh". She let out and he felt her muscles contract around his cock as he came again. Megan kissed Tony a long passionate kiss making little mmm, mmm, mmm noises " as she did. Finally, they just sat there joined together, their arms round each other She lay her head on his shoulder and sighed contentedly.

Tony looked around as Chloe shouted there is a Police car outside. Tony grabbed Megans clothes. Thrusting them at her "In in the toilet and get dressed I am helping you with your homework." Tony threw some text books on the table as he adjusted his shorts and told Chloe to put the mugs of tea on the table and sit down...

He opened the door and there was two Policemen standing there. One said "I believe that you are entertaining some underage schoolgirls here sir. We understood that you were being kidnapped"

Tony laughed and said "Come in constable I certainly am, I don't know about being kidnapped, but we are going over some homework problems. Chloe had caught on and was sitting with a text book open and Megan just appeared from the toilet and she was carrying another mug of tea which she offered to the constable...

The policeman laughed and said "someone has been playing tricks on a certain lady and wasting Police time." The police eventually left and Tony bolted the door and the girls laughed and Megan said that must have been Poxy Roxy."

Tony looked at the girls and said. "It was, but if you really want to know I would not have made a complaint. I would have probably enjoyed every moment of it."

Chloe by now was laying on the rug in front of the fire having slipped out of her track suit playing with her pussy,. She looked up at Tony her young eyes full of lust as she called out "Well Tony dear, consider yourself kidnapped so come here and be ravaged

Chloe had been well-trained, and the young girl's cute voice was like a siren's call to Tony. He dropped onto the rug on his knees, placing himself between her on his between her thighs. She removed her hand from her crotch, giving Tony a wonderful view of her young pussy.

He had expected Chloe to have hair down there, but she was completely bald. Her wet sex was spread open, her outer lips swollen and red. The glistening pink inner hole seemed to beckon for his cock.

Tony slid one finger into her dripping cunt. Chloe moaned at the penetration and her little pussy cramped around his finger. Tony felt the head of his cock rub up against the teenager's slippery wet pussy.

"Please?" she said in her cutest little-girl voice again.

There was no way Tony could resist Chloe, he knew he had to share his body with both girls. He started pushing his cock inside of her, marveling at the warmth and tightness of her tiny slit. Her tight pussy seemed to adjust to his cock quickly, squeezing him with just the right pressure, and he slid his cock all the way into her without too much trouble.

"You're so tight", he whispered to the pretty girl, leaving his erection buried all the way inside her. The blonde teen put her arms around his neck and pulled him closer to her, whispering in his ear "Fuck me."

Tony complied and started to slide his cock in and out of the young girl's tight pussy. He forced himself to move slowly, as the stimulation of her teenaged slit was incredible, and he wanted this fuck to last. Besides, the girl seemed to get very exited now and he would like to get her off first.

Within seconds he got his wish, as Chloe was already so excited by her first fuck from the new teacher that she started coming hard.

"Ooh yes, I'm coming..." she moaned softly into his ear, her young body shaking underneath him. The tight young pussy started cramping around Tony's cock, as if trying to milk his semen out of him. He decided not to hold back and started thrusting in and out of her with long and deep strokes, prolonging her orgasm and bringing himself closer to his own.

.

Tony stopped fucking Chloe, "You want me to come inside you?" He asked.

breathing heavily, and he knew he was going to erupt inside little Chloe's pussy any minute.

"Yes Please, come inside me?", Chloe pleaded, using her cutest little-girl voice again. She squeezed his cock with her young pussy, sucking on it as if it was inside her mouth.

Tony felt all too happy to comply, and started fucking her tight young pussy again, quickly increasing the speed of his thrusts. He wasn't going to last.

"I'm going to come inside you " Tony warned Chloe.

Chloe felt Tony's cock swell even more inside her and she knew he was going to shoot his seed inside of her, It was too much for young Chloe and she started having another orgasm, pulling the teacher's handsome body tightly into hers, while moaning sweetly into his ear.

"Oh ... God!..." Tony groaned, pushing his swollen cock as far inside the trembling girl as he could as he started unleashing load after load of sperm-filled semen in her little pussy, the spasms of the young girl's orgasm sucking his seed directly into her womb.

All three of them went for a shower and after a rest and some dinner they started talking. Megan asked. What are you going to do with us now?

"You mean your plan to kidnap me."

"Well yes."

"I was told and I thought it much better for all of us If we did it voluntarily, then we would all enjoy it better. I have a king size bed, but I thought there was supposed to be three of you?

"There was but one girl Sarah seems to have cried off." Megan said.

Well now its up to you girls you can stay and we have some fun, or you can go.

Megan said I think that there is just a chance that Poxy Roxy may just pay us a visit when the police tell her, so lets go to my place my father is way all weekend and we will have the house to ourselves.

That weekend was the first of several sexy weekends which they all enjoyed. Poxy Roxy had to give up and eventually settled with her old boy friend and married him.
Your opinion is important:
Share with the others what you think about
"Kidnapped by Schoolgirls"
     
Switch to Expanded voting form
The End
Posted: 2012-04-12
Home | Top | Sirdar's Page |   Feedback to author
