Home « Miche's Page « A Kingdom Falls Index - Settings
Chapter 1
Posted: December 01, 2004 - 07:39:07 pm
Updated: December 03, 2004 - 11:45:35 am

"Good morning, how's my princess today?" my Dad asked me, as I opened my eyes to see my dad standing above me.

"Tired, Johnathon really wore me out last night." I said, as a big smile developed across my face from the memory of last night.

"You mean you wore him out, I'm sure your going to kill him one of these days."

"He's taking me swimming this morning, so he can't be too worn out."

"We have some very important guests coming to dinner today, so I want you back here and dressed in time for that."

"Dressed? You mean you want me to wear a dress?" I asked. I couldn't remember the last time I wore a dress or any clothes for that matter.

In our Kingdom, women very rarely wore clothes. What was the point, you only had to take them off again so you could have sex.

I never really understood why men wore clothes either, my dad had tried to explain it to me once. It was something about men didn't want to have to look at other naked men all the time. Which wasn't fair, as I loved looking at naked men.

Sex to our people was more than a way of reproducing, more than a recreational event. It was a way of life, sex was a sport, it was a social event, and it was a way of settling disputes.

The only thing about my life I wished I could change is that I wished my dad wasn't who he was. All my girlfriends would get approached by different men every day and proceed to fuck each others brain's out. No one ever really approached me because they were scared of my father.

Not that it really mattered to me anymore. I had Johnathon now.

"Yes, a dress. I'm sure you have one or two around here somewhere," my dad said.

"Can I bring Johnathon to dinner?"

"He's already been invited," my Dad replied. "Don't be late for breakfast."

"I won't be," I replied as my dad walked out the room

Climbing out my bed, I tried to think where I would of put the dresses.

"Oh, I'll find one later," I told myself, as I started to realise I would be late for breakfast if I didn't hurry.

I quickly took a shower, not having time to enjoy the spray of hot water on my body like I would normally.

"Maybe I should wear my hair up today," I thought to myself as I looked at my blond hair in the mirror.

Having finished drying myself, I ran to the breakfast hall.

The breakfast hall was one of the largest rooms in the castle, though not as grand as the dining hall. I could see I was one of the last people to arrive again.

Seeing that my brother was watching me as I walked to my chair, I gave him one of my special smiles which I reserved for the people I loved. Johnathon was always telling me how my smile would lighten up a room.

The smile my brother gave me in return, told me that maybe it ran in the family. I could see why all the girls never stopped chasing him. He was a year and two months younger than me and had inherited dad's muscular body; he really was turning in to a hunk.

I always sat to my father's left, while my brother would sit to his right.

Looking up towards the main doors, I waited for the relief girls to enter. Relief girls were volunteer women who wanted to provide relief to the men at the royal breakfast.

The woman who ended up as my relief girl wasn't normally too happy, but there had to be some benefit to being the Kings daughter, and just being a relief girl was a great honour. The waiting list was pages long, with it taking months or even years for a woman's turn to come.

As the main doors opened and the women walked in, I sat eager to see the last one through the door; I normally got the last girl in.

The last girl to walk through the door, was, as I expected, directed towards me. The strands of mousy blond hair falling down her face couldn't hide the look of shock, as it dawned on her that she was expected to service another woman.

"Good morning Ma'am, I'm Julia," the she said as she knelt between my legs.

All around the room I could see that the men had already selected their girl, my dad always got to select first of course, then my brother Richard and then it went down in order of seniority. Sometimes one of the men would decide to swap their girl for mine.

"So what is the plan for this afternoons meeting?" one of my dad's advisers asked.

"We will meet them and listen to their demands, but we won't give in to them running our Kingdom. I want half of the royal guard to be on view. I don't want them to know our exact strength but we will let them know we are strong enough. I also want all females to be wearing clothes," my Dad answered.

I wanted to ask what was happening but knew it wasn't the right time or place for me to ask. There were few rules about what a woman could and couldn't do, but some of those rules were, not to get involved in politics, not to fight or argue, and not to interrupt a man's conversation.

Instead I looked down at the girl between my legs, her blue eyes looking up at me, waiting for my command for her to start.

Looking over to my brother, I could see his girl already had his cock in her mouth. As I watched, she swallowed, taking the end of his cock into her throat. I had never known how any girl managed to do that, when I tried I always ended up choking.

I could already feel myself getting wet from just watching.

"Please just eat me now," I told the girl.

As soon as I had said those words, she moved her mouth towards my pussy and started licking my clit. The room was now full of men who had their cocks in a girl's mouth. I wished Johnathon had of been here, even if we couldn't of touched each other, just to watch him being sucked off would of made me even wetter.

The girl moved her finger to my clit. While she moved her tongue up my naked body, until she took one of my nipple into her mouth and sucked. I was aware that most of the men were watching us, how I loved to be watched while having sex.

"Aarrr," I moaned.

Moving her mouth back down my body, I felt it reach my pussy again. Her finger continued to caress my clit while I felt her tongue work it's way inside me.

It was rare for one of these girls to bring me to a orgasm, I needed a man to do that or had to finish it off myself, but thought maybe this girl was going to be different as I felt some familiar feelings build inside me.

I could feel her tongue was back on my clit, while this time she had two fingers inside me.

I let out some more moans as I looked across to my brother, as he came over the girl's face.

"She's going to do it," I thought as I felt the orgasm build up.

Just then the door to the hall opened and in walked Johnathon, as he saw me, the look on his face was like he had just found heaven.

The girl gave my clit one final suck and I let out a scream, as the orgasm exploded, which soon had Johnathon running towards me.

While it wasn't a very powerful orgasm, it was still a nice way to start the day, which now Johnathon was here, could only get better.
Chapter 2
Home - Top   Feedback to author
Home « Miche's Page « A Kingdom Falls Index « Previous - Settings
Chapter 2
Posted: December 03, 2004 - 11:46:35 am
Updated: December 03, 2004 - 11:57:35 am

"We still on for swimming?" I asked Johnathon,

"Yeah, but did you dad tell you we have to be back in time for dinner?"

"River or the lake?" I asked, as I nodded my head in answer to his question.

"Lake. That idiot Henry is going to be at the river, I think."

"He's not so bad, he's just protective of me." I replied.

Henry was one of the Guardians of the Kingdom. The two of us grown up together and most people thought that our fathers had agreed that we would be married when we were old enough. That all started to change four years ago, when Johnathon turned up in our Kingdom. Against all advice, my father had let me decide whom I wanted to be with, and that person was Johnathon.

"Isn't it your father's, Richard's and my job to be protective of you?"

Walking into the castle's courtyard, I could see Johnathon had already thought to tell the stables to have Spiczy ready.

Spiczy was my three-year-old mare; she was one of the first gifts Johnathon had ever given to me. Stroking her shinning brown coat, I climbed onto the sidesaddle.

The path to the lake went through Niction forest; this was the only area of Lockhood in which bandits had been known to operate. Not that I was worried about a few bandits. Johnathon was one of the best swordsmen in the Kingdom; the only reason he wasn't a Guardian was that he wasn't born here.

"Detrocs must really have it in for me today," Johnathon said as we arrived at the lake.

Henry was standing beside the lake, watching his horse drink some water.

"Maybe Detrocs just wants you both to put aside your differences and become friends."

"No Detrocs and the other gods are just really bored, so thought they would make me suffer." Johnathon replied, as he climbed off his Stallion.

"I'm sure the Gods have much more important things to do than to make you suffer." I said, giving him a big smile.

"Good morning your highness," Henry said, as he beat Johnathon to helping me down off Spiczy. He was always very formal towards me when anyone else was around.

"What did you get lost again?" Johnathon asked him sarcastically. "I know that river can be so hard to find, the day I first arrived in Lockhood, it took me nearly a hour to find it."

"Yeah very funny. I've been assigned to patrol the forest."

"I feel so much safer already, knowing that," Johnathon continued with his sarcasm.

"Hey enough, both of you," I said, breaking one of the rules about a woman not interrupting men when they were talking.

"Does you dad know you are out here?" Henry asked, as he turned back towards me. "It's not a safe time in the Kingdom for you to be outside the castle."

"I think she is safe enough with me," Johnathon replied for me.

"Yeah right, I trust you less than I trust the bandits in this forest."

"And what do you mean by that?" Johnathon raised his voice and took a step towards Henry, both of them moving their hand's to their swords.

I could see this was starting to get out of hand. While one of the rules said that a woman shouldn't interrupt, another rule said that a woman was to use sex to try to calm men down, when a situation looked like it might be heading towards violence.

I had never had to try to calm down two men on my own before. Normally all the woman around would be trying together. It really was hard for a man to concentrate on being angry and aggressive. When all around him, there were women trying to seduce him, while other women would be touching themselves and yet other women touching each other.

Well I had to at least try. After licking my finger as seductively as I could, I started tracing a path down my body, drawing a few patterns in the process.

"I mean, I don't trust you and never have, while you might of wormed your way into her father's good books, there are a lot of men in the Guardianship who don't trust you." I heard Henry shout.

Stopping to caress my nipple for a few seconds. I continued moving my finger down my body until I reached my pussy.

As I stroked my clit, I started to lie down on the ground. Spreading my legs and making sure my pussy was pointed at the two men.

With my other hand, I pushed up one of my breasts up until I could lick it with my tongue.

As I let out a loud moan, I could see I was starting to draw their attention.

"The Guardianship don't trust me? Now you have just really hurt my feelings." I heard Johnathon say full of sarcasm again.

"Damn, this isn't working," I thought as I let out a few more moans.

Moving my hand down from my breast, I pushed one of my fingers into my pussy.

"Aaahhh, am I just not sexy enough?" I called out. "Johnathon, please just come and fuck me."

This had the desired effect; it had got Johnathon's complete attention. While Henry was walking back towards his horse.

Watching Johnathon take his trousers off, I could see he already had an erection. Maybe I wasn't losing my appeal after all. I now just wanted his cock inside me.

If there was anything I could change about him, it would be for his black hair to be slightly longer, instead of it's current one inch length. I often wished he had some hair I could caress and hold while we were fucking.

"I see you got your way again," he said as lent down and kissed my lips.

"Whatever do you mean?" I asked innocently.

"Every time I look at your body, you drive crazy," he said, not answering my question.

Pulling him down on top of me, I returned his kiss, our tongues meet inside his mouth.

It wasn't midday yet and I already ached, for his touch, for the taste of his cock, for his cock being inside me. I just ached for him, I really didn't think I could go a full day without us having sex.

"I love you," I whispered into his ear.

Without replying, he moved his tongue down my body, tracing exactly the same path that I had drawn with my finger earlier.

"So you were watching me earlier?" I asked as I rubed my hand along his cock.

"Of course I was, and I love you."

Every time he said those words, I could feel my heart melt.

"Please take me now." I cried, as I spread my legs further apart. As he moved himself into position between my legs. I ran my hand down his chest, feeling the contours of his muscles under his body hair.

Opening my eyes for a second I saw that Henry still hadn't left the area, he was sat on his horse, watching us. This awareness of being watched increased my need of having Johnathon's cock inside me.

"Aaahhh baby," I cried out as I felt his cock start to enter me.

"Maybe I should have more arguements with his dickship... I mean his Guardianship in the future, if it is going to make you this horny," he teased me, as I tried to tense the muscles around my pussy in a attempt to pull his cock in further.

"You know the only thing you have to do to make me so horny, is to be near me," I replied, as I felt his cock start to rhythmically move in my pussy.

"I wish we could stay like this forever," I though, as I felt him start to caress my nipple while he continued to thrust into me.

Just then I head the sound of Henry's horse galloping away

"And he didn't even stay for the fireworks," I cried as I felt the orgasm build up.

"I have to be the luckiest man in Lockhood," he whispered as his seed sprayed into me.

This was the final trigger I needed for my orgasm to vibrate through my body.

"So do I get desert now?" I asked, five minutes later, after we had laid there, wrapped in each other's arms, his cock still inside me.

"I would love to give you desert, but I think we need to get back for dinner."

When we had official guests, dinner was always held in the early afternoon.

"I guess so, I even have to wear a silly dress. Clothes are so itchy, I really don't know how men put up with wearing them all the time."

In reply to this, Johnathon just gave a small laugh as he got to his feet.

"I wonder what this dinner is about?" I thought to myself, as we rode back to the castle.

Thank you for reading.

Please send me your feedback on this story.
Your opinion is important:
Share with the others what you think about
"A Kingdom Falls"
     
Switch to Expanded voting form
Incomplete and Inactive Story!
View the Nations Collapse Universe

Go to Miche’s Blog
Last entry on 2005-06-07
Posted: 2004-12-01
Last Modified: 2004-12-03 / 11:57:35 am
Home - Top   Feedback to author
