Knock Before Entering
bySpankerSam©

It had been a long grueling day. The exams had turned out to be even worst than I had expected. Four hours of trying to remember all the things that I had learned in four years of high school had my head throbbing.

The house was empty and the shower was hot. I love to take hot showers. With mom and Sissy in the house, by the time I wanted to take my shower, the water was always just lukewarm. But with mom out and Sissy spending the night at her friend's house, I had all the hot water I wanted.

I was lying on my bed thinking about all the fun I would be missing this weekend. Mom had grounded me for drinking. Hell! I was 19, but she acted like I was 9 or something. I bet that Janet would be giving her cunt away to Raymond. She always liked the way he fucked.

Thinking about Janet started getting me hard. Another thing I liked about having the house to myself was that I didn't have to worry about mom busting in my room without knocking. I swear, sometimes I think that she does that on purpose just to try and catch me looking at porn or something.

There was that one time when I was watching porn and jerking off that she walked in and caught me. But that was more than a year ago. Now, I don't look at it unless I know that she will be out.

I started thinking about Janet again. I remembered the last time I had fucked her. She loved having two guys at the same time and since both Raymond and I have fucked her, we sometimes like to team up on her. She can take either of us in any hole she has and she loves it.

Thinking about how much I enjoyed slowly fucking that tight white ass while Raymond fucks her mouth had me going. I was lying on top of the covers slowly stroking my hard dick. I guess I didn't hear mom come home early.

I am not overly big. I have 7 inches, but my cock is thick. Raymond is 8 ½ inches but his dick is much thinner than mine is. Janet loves to let him fuck her first then have me come behind him and stretch her cunt.

I was thinking about how much she moans when I fuck her. my hand was slowly working up and down my shaft. As much as I love fucking her cunt, I really get off pushing my dick up her tight asshole. Damn! I bet Raymond was eating that juicy cunt right now.

My hand started stroking harder and faster. My eyes were closed and I could feel the juices seeping from the tip of my dick and oozing down my hand. I squeezed my dick harder as I stroked it faster. I guess I moaned. Damn! It felt so fucking good!

I was close. In my mind, I could see the tip of my hard black dick pushing against her puckered pink hole. I could hear her whimpering as it slipped inside her tight sheath. I was almost there. If I couldn't be there to fuck her, the least I could do was think about it while I jerked off.

Suddenly my door burst open. "Sonny how..." I turned my head and looked directly at my mom. What the fuck was she doing home early? I don't know what made me do it, but I was determined not to stop. I have asked her over and over again to knock before coming into my room. She just brushed it off, saying that in her house she could enter any room she chooses.

I looked directly at her and stroked my dick harder. Mom just stared at me in shock. Somehow, having her standing there made it even more intense. I looked directly at her eyes and saw that she was looking at my dick. I stroked it hard and fast and suddenly it erupted.

I closed my eyes knowing that she was watching. I felt the first spurt splash on my chest right below my chin. There were four spurts after it, and each one went almost to the same spot. I opened my eyes and looked at the door. Mom was still standing there looking at me. Our eyes met. I think that I smiled at her.

Mom looked at me. "You bastard!" She slammed the door hard enough to jar the wall. I lay back smiling. Maybe now, she would knock before entering my room again. I lay there basking in the glow of defiance. But reality sunk in and I knew that I was in for it. Hell, I was already grounded. The only thing she could do was extend it!

I knew that I was in for it, but somehow I really didn't care. She didn't bust into Sissy's room the way she busted into mine. She always gave my older sister much more privacy than she gave me. I decided to shower and clean up.

The house we lived in is small but comfortable. Three bedrooms, a living room, kitchen, laundry room, garage and one bathroom. And if you think that's tough, try having to use the bathroom when you have two women in the house. I headed down the hall to the bathroom.

Damn! The door was closed and the water was running. Mom must have run in there to shower. I was about to turn away, when I heard a soft moan. I pressed my ear to the door. I could hear mom's soft moans over the water running. Damn! Was she in there playing with herself? Did watching me jerk off excite her? That thought had me hard all over again.

I listened to her moans grow faster. The thought that my mom was in the shower rubbing her cunt thinking about me jerking off had me outside the bathroom door stroking my dick all over again. Suddenly, I knew she was getting close by the sounds she was making.

"Oh! Oh! Yes! Yea baby! Oh shit! Fuck! Oh! Fuck! Fuck! Oh fuck! Ahhh! Ahhh!" I almost shot my load against the bathroom door. Walking back down the hall, I softly shut my door. This time I stood behind it in case she came and opened it again.

I shot my load into my t-shirt, not wanting to splash it on the floor where she would easily see it. I waited until I heard her bedroom door close. Then, making enough noise for her to hear me, I walked to the bathroom and took my shower. Lukewarm water, but I didn't mind a bit this time.

I was sitting down to dinner. Mom had made spaghetti. I couldn't help but look at mom in a different light, as she walked around the kitchen. Now mom isn't one of those women that look like a model. In fact, she is really rather plain looking.

She wears her hair in a short cut that really doesn't show off her facial features. She wears dresses that are plain in appearance, or skirts and blouses that do nothing to flatter her body. All in all, mom does not do anything to try and attract a man.

Mom wouldn't look at me. And having had most of the day to think about what I had done, I was feeling kind of shitty. We finished dinner without much talking. Mom set the dishes in the sink. "You have kitchen duty." With that said, she walked out the kitchen and I heard her bedroom door close.

It was sometime during the night, when I felt someone in my room. It was hot so I was sleeping on top of the covers. I was wearing what I normally wear to bed. I sleep in just an undershirt. Opening my eyes slightly, my head was already turned slightly towards the door; I could see the outline of mom standing there.

She was wearing one of her long nightgowns. Nothing sexy or fancy, just plain, like she always wore. But with the little light from the hallway, I could see the outline of her body. She wasn't doing a thing, just standing there.

I don't know why, but I began to feel horny. I didn't move or try to act like I was shifting in my sleep. But I could feel my dick begin to grow. I knew that she could see it thru the light coming in my window. I wanted so badly to just reach down and stroke it like I had before. Having mom looking at me was somehow very erotic.

It was standing up tall and I could feel it bobbing back and forth as the blood pulsed thru it. I heard a soft sigh from the doorway, and then mom turned and walked to her bedroom. Her door made a soft click as she closed it. Getting up, I padded down the hall and listened at her door.

The unmistakable sound of a vibe could barely be heard. Then her soft moans. "Oh! Oh! Yes! Oh yea! Shit! Oh fuck! Yes! Oh baby!" On and on she moaned. And from the way she sounded, she was fucking her pussy with something. My hand shook as I touched the doorknob.

Mom's voice was growing more intense. I knew that she was getting closer. I turned the knob and pushed the door open. My heart stopped. Mom was lying on the covers. Her gown was pulled up to her hips and her legs were open. I could plainly see her hand between her thighs. Mom was holding a dildo in her hand. And she was using it to fuck her pussy.

Mom's head snapped around to look at me. The look in her eyes was the same look that I sometimes saw in animals when my car lights flashed on them on the highway. Suddenly, mom closed her eyes and cried out. I watched, as her hand became a blur. Then suddenly, she arched her back and cried out louder as her orgasm took her over the edge.

I was back in my room when she knocked on the door. I had been stroking my dick once again. But this time it was with the vision of my mom lying in bed pleasuring herself. I whipped the covers over me to hide my erection.

"Come in." I had turned on my side to hide the fact that I was rock hard. Mom walked over to my bed and sat down. "Ok Sonny. We need to talk. I didn't mean to just walk in on you today. I was excited to know how the test went. I knew that getting a good grade was important to you.

Seeing you lying there with your dick in your hand startled me. But instead of being embarrassed and trying to cover up, you stared right at me and stroked it until you came. Seeing you spurt your cum all over your chest seemed so nasty. I would have passed it off to just your reaction at being caught. But you smiled at me like you were glad that I watched you. I grew angry. That's why I called you a bastard and slammed the door.

But seeing you like that did something to me. It's been hard raising you and your sister by myself. And I have had to deny myself many things to insure that I gave the two of you all that I could. One of the things that I had to deny myself of, was the company of other men.

The first time I brought a man home, he was more interested in watching your sister walk around the house than he was in talking to me. Well he never was invited back! All I've had to take care of my frustrations was my fingers, my toys and my imagination.

Seeing you like that made me so upset. You seemed to mock me with your dick. It was as if you were waving it in my face that I didn't have a man to satisfy me. I know that you were standing outside the bathroom door. I saw a drop of your cum on the floor when I opened it.

I decided to give you a dose of your own medicine. But we have to stop. I'm your mother, and a mother definitely isn't supposed to go around exciting her son with displays of her need."

I looked at mom. Suddenly, I was seeing her for the woman she was. She had sacrificed a lot for Sissy and me. And I knew that she rarely ever went out on dates. Sometimes when I would come in late at night, I would find her door locked when I went to say good night. I didn't make anything of the way her voice sounded so strained when she would answer me. But now I knew exactly what she was doing behind that door.

I looked up at her face. Mom was wearing one of her plain housecoats. But she had only buttoned it half way. Sitting on my bed the way she was, I could see just a hint of thigh as she sat.

"Mom. I don't know why I acted the way I did. I was pissed that I was grounded. I had plans for this weekend. Thinking that I was home alone, I let my mind think about all the fun I could have had. I had just taken a long hot shower. With you and Sissy home I always end up with lukewarm water by the time it's my turn.

I was really getting into it when you opened the door. Suddenly, all the times that I have asked you; begged you to knock first came rushing to me. I was in the privacy of my own room having the only fun I knew I would have this weekend and you had taken that from me too.

I decided to show you. I suddenly felt even more excited than before. It was like...I don't know. Like I was living out a long time fantasy. Suddenly, I wanted you to see me. I needed you to watch me. Am I making sense mom?"

I turned over to lay on my back, forgetting that I had a hardon. But when I turned, mom immediately saw that I was poking up against the sheet. I saw mom look at the tent in the sheets. Suddenly, I felt embarrassed. "Jeeze mom, I'm sorry!" I sat up quickly, letting the sheet bunch up to cover my hardon.

I thought that mom would get mad all over again. When I looked sheepishly up at her, she was smiling. "Now you see how it feels. You got that way from seeing me didn't you?" I could do nothing but give mom a dumb smile and not my head.

"That's exactly what watching you did to me. But Sonny, we can't continue to do this. It's wrong! I'm your mother! I shouldn't be getting excited to the point of having to please myself from seeing your hard dick. And you shouldn't be in your room stroking that hard dick after seeing me naked."

When I looked up at mom, I could plainly see that her breathing had changed. I could also see that her nipples were hard and poking against her thin nightshirt. Mom isn't one of those gorgeous hot mothers you think about fucking. She's pretty, but not in any way spectacular. And her body is not thin and curvy like the women in the porn sites.

At 48, she is your typical looking mom. She does have a nice pair of tits and her ass is a little broad. But hey, after having two kids and a rough time at raising them by herself, I think that she looks damn good for her age.

I looked up at her. She was looking at me but not in the usual way. "Mom? Did seeing me really get you so hot that you had to do that?"

Mom looked at me as if she were searching inside me. I almost held my breath waiting for her answer. Would she tell me the truth? Would she get angry again and stalk out the room calling me another bastard?

She didn't do any of those things. Instead, she smiled. She reached up and caressed my cheek. "Sonny! I may be your mom, but I'm still a woman. And as a woman, I still have needs. When you and your sister were younger, I could sometimes afford a sitter and go out. But now a days, with so much diseases going around, it's so different. And a woman can't just go into a bar and meet a guy."

I'm not ashamed of the fact that I play with myself. Hell! If I didn't, I think I would have gone mad with frustration by now. When I walked in and saw you, when I saw the size of your dick and the way you were stroking it, it shocked me. Not that you were masturbating, hell, I clean your sheets. I've seen a lot of your cum dried on them. I think that both you and your sister think of sex way more than you should.

I think that it was more the way you were looking at me. You didn't flinch as you stroked your dick. And when you started to shoot, it was as if you were showing me that you were the man. That you were in charge. You didn't care that I was watching you. You would do it anyway! And I was forced to watch you. I felt trapped!

I became angry with myself for feeling that way. But when I got back to my room, all I could see was the way you looked at me. It made me tingle in a strange way. When you looked at me, I felt you had undressed me. Forced me to stand there as you made me watch you. It just seemed to make me hotter. The next thing I knew, I was lying there naked and you were watching me.

I should have stopped! I should have screamed at you or thrown something at you to wipe that smug look from your face. But I felt compelled to let you watch me. Like you were forcing me to put on a display for you. Am I making sense Sonny?"

I could feel my hard dick growing even harder. Mom's tits seemed to have hardened even more. And her breathing had grown a bit more ragged as she talked. She was not looking at me. But I could tell that her eyes would stray to where my hard dick poked against the sheets.

My hand strayed to my lap. When I slipped it beneath the sheets, I saw mom take a deep breath. I felt my dick lurch and mom's quick intake of breath. She looked up at my face and there was a look of pleading in her eyes. The movement of my hand brought her eyes back to my lap.

Slowly I pushed the covers down. The tip of my dick was pushing thru the opening the sheets made. "I wanted you to watch me. Just like you wanted me to watch you."

Mom gave a soft whimper. "No Sonny! This is wrong! We can't do this!"

"Watch me mom! I want you to see just what looking at you did to me!" I slipped the covers down a bit more. Now she could see half of my hard dick. There was a drop of pre-cum oozing from the tip. "You couldn't look away could you mom?"

Her lips were parted and she licked them as she shook her head. "Please Sonny! Don't make me watch! This is wrong! I'm your mother!" But her plea didn't carry the convictions she wanted it to. "You got hot watching me, didn't you mom? You got all wet watching me stroke my dick. Admit it!"

"Please? Don't do this to me? This is so wrong Sonny." My hand slowly wrapped around my shaft. I slid my thumb over the tip rubbing the pre-cum over the head making it shiny. Her eyes looked up at me. She was breathing hard.

"See how hard you made it! See how excited I get when you watch me? You can feel yourself growing wet. You're getting wet for me aren't you mom? Tell me the truth! Don't you dare lie to me!"

I pushed the sheets completely off so she could see all of me. I heard her soft whimper. She looked up at me quickly then turned her head. "I have to go! This is wrong!" I felt her shift to get up. My hand shot out and I grabbed her wrist.

"You're not leaving mom! You got me this way. You knew that I could hear you. You wanted me to come after you. You knew that I would come to your room. You laid there and slowly played with your pussy knowing that I would come and watch. You wanted me to see you. Admit it!

I was slowly stroking my dick. Mom had her head turned away, still pulling at me to get away. "If you leave, you will only go to your room and play with your pussy again. You will be thinking about me lying here stroking my hard dick. You want to stay here and watch me. Say it!"

Mom sobbed. "Sonny! I can't! It's wrong! You need to stop this!" She gave only token resistance as I slowly pulled her hand back to my lap. When I laid it on my hard dick, I felt her shudder. Her finger tips grazed the skin and I felt it jump. Then I felt her fingers slide around the shaft.

Mom gave a soft moan as her hand gripped my shaft. I could feel her soft squeezing as I made my dick throb. Then her hand was slowly moving up and down. "Look at it mom! See what you are doing to it!"

Mom turned to look at me. There were tears running down her face. I reached up with my hand and stroked her cheek. My hand slid behind her neck and I turned her face to look down at my lap. She stiffened, but allowed me to point her face to look at her hand. Then I felt her shudder again.

She gave a soft moan, then her hand began to slowly stroke me. I watched her lick her lips. Taking my finger, I slid it over the tip of my throbbing dick, smearing the pre-cum over the head. then I lifted my finger and softly spread the fluid on her lips. Mom looked at me, her eyes staring into mine.

My finger went back to my dick. This time when I pushed the wet finger to her lips, she opened them and I felt her tongue lick the tip. Mom closed her eyes and moaned. I pushed the tip of my finger into her mouth. "Suck it! Suck my finger mom! Taste me!"

Mom slowly closed her lips. Then I felt her tongue licking the tip of my finger as she slowly sucked it. I worked it slowly in and out of her mouth. Her hand kept up a steady slow stroking on my throbbing dick. Mom's head began to slowly move back and forth as I worked my finger in and out. I pulled it out and looked at her looking at me.

"Yes! I wanted to watch you! I wanted to see you cum while I watched. You knew it and you wanted that too! You're wet for me aren't you mom? You can feel your pussy throbbing. You want to touch it while I watch. You want me to watch you. Do it!"

Mom's eyes opened and she looked at me. She opened her mouth to say something, but I had gotten my fingers even wetter with my pre-cum. I pushed the length of my finger deep in her mouth. I felt her teeth graze my finger as she closed her mouth and sucked harder. Her hand tightened on my dick and she started to jerk it faster.

"Touch it! touch your pussy! Open your legs and touch it! Do it mom!" Her eyes searched mine. Then with a sigh, I felt her shift her weight and her legs opened. Her hand trembled as she placed it on her thigh. My eyes were watching her face.

Slowly she pushed her hand beneath her nightgown. Then I felt her shudder as she let a long moan escape her sucking lips. Her eyes closed, as she threw her head back. Her hand was moving back and forth as fast between her thighs as her other hand was jerking my dick. She was using one finger on her cunt.

I pulled my finger from her mouth. She sucked it hard not wanting to let it go. "Oh Sonny! Please!" My hand went to her tit. I circled her hard nipple thru her gown. "Please what mom?" I slowly let my fingers close over her nipple, tweaking it; pulling it gently.

She opened her eyes and looked at me. "Please cum for me! I need you to cum for me! I want to watch you! I need to watch you! You want me to!" Mom turned and lifted her leg up on the bed. This opened them wide enough for me to see her hairy cunt. Her wet finger was stroking in and out fast while her thumb rubbed her clit.

I reached down and my hand circled her hand while she stroked my dick. I squeezed her hand hard slowing her down. "No mom! I want us to come together. Will you do that for me? Will you cum when I do?"

Mom looked up at me. She was breathing so hard, I knew that she was close to Cumming. "Is that what you want? Tell me to do it Sonny! Tell me what you want me to do!" Her words came out as she struggled for breath.

"Watch me! Cum when I do. Use two fingers mom. Stroke your pussy while you stroke my hard dick. Do you see how hot you make me? Isn't this better than lying in your room by yourself?"

Mom groaned as she pushed another finger into her dripping cunt. Gone was the thought that this was wrong. Lost was the idea that this was her son that she was watching, masturbating, while he told her to masturbate herself. The only thing she thought about was the building pleasure she was feeling in her cunt.

"You like to be told what to do, don't you mom? You want me to tell you what to do to please me don't you?" She looked up into my face. The mask of lust on her face was plain for me to see. She nodded her head. I smiled.

"Use another finger mom. Stuff that cunt! Rub your clit harder! Do it mom!" Mom closed her eyes. I watched as she pushed yet another finger into her cunt. This time she groaned out loud. "You want to do what I tell you to, don't you mom? You need to do it for me. Say it!"

Mom looked up at me. Her eyes looked glassy, like she was high or something. "I think that from now on, you're gonna do a lot of things I tell you to do. Won't you mom?" I took my fingers that were now wet from all the pre-cum that was dripping from the tip of my dick and rubbed them against mom's lips.

She licked and sucked my fingers, moaning as her own hand worked against her cunt. "Oh Sonny! Oh baby! I'm almost there! Please! Oh please? Let me cum. Let me cum for you?"

"Not yet mom! Not until you answer me! Are you ready to do what I tell you to do? Are your ready to cum for me when I tell you to?" Mom looked at me. I watched as she bit her lower lip. I knew I had to push things to the limit.

"Say it mom! Say it! Or get up and go to your room. I won't ever come to your room again. I'll get a lock for my room so you can never walk in on me again." Mom looked at me, then lowered her head. in her harsh voice she barely croaked out her answer. "yes. Yes! Please Yes!"

Up until that point, I had only stroked mom's tits through her nightgown. But after hearing her words, I took my finger and slipped one strap off her shoulder. Her gown slipped until her naked tit was exposed. I caressed the nipple as mom looked at me.

"Are you stuffing that pussy mom? Are you ready to cum for me?" Mom looked at me and licked her lips. She nodded her head. "Watch my dick mom. When I start to cum, I want you to cum with me."

Mom's hand was rubbing her cunt harder. "Yes Sonny! Hurry! Please hurry!"

I smiled. I looked at her hand rubbing her cunt as she stroked my dick harder and faster. I was getting closer and so was mom. It was a race to see if I could cum before she did. Her eyes were open wide. I grabbed my dick and pointed at her as she stroked it. I felt the cum begin to boil to the tip.

"Here it comes mom! Don't move away! Oh fuck! Oh shit!" I felt it come shooting from the tip. It splashed right on mom's nightgown. I looked up at her face. She shut her eyes and I felt her start to jerk. I grabbed her tit and pulled the nipple hard as the next shot hit her in the face.

Mom cried out and I swear I could see her juices running out from between her fingers. I pumped about three more shots, soiling her nightgown good! Looking down, I could see that mom had made a big stain on my sheet where her cunt had dripped her juice thru her fingers.

"Give me your fingers mom! Let me taste you!" Mom pulled her fingers from her dripping cunt. They were so covered, the light seemed to shine on them. Suddenly, she looked up at me. I smiled, as I took her hand in mine. She gave only token resistance as I pulled her hand to my mouth and licked her fingers clean.

I looked up into her eyes. Suddenly, mom jerked her hand from mine and stood up. Her nightgown dropped down into place. I heard her sob as she ran from my room. Her bedroom door slammed and I heard the lock click into place.

I should have felt like shit! But the memory of our Cumming together was still so fresh in my mind that I only lay back smiling. We had crossed a line tonight. A line that very few mothers and sons cross. But there are those out there that cross it all the time. I knew how I felt and after seeing how mom reacted, I knew she felt the same way I did. There would be other nights like this. And I intended to make even more happen.