My name is Kelly Benson and I have been a lifeguard at our community pool for the last four summers. I have never had to save anybody and the job can get very boring. Our pool is only 5 feet deep at the deepest part and 3 feet deep at the shallow end. The pool gets busy from 11 to 3 pm, and if there are more than 50 people I have to call in extra lifeguards. It was a rainy summer this year and I ended up working most of the time by myself. If someone is in the pool I always have to be on the guard stand.

I am 18 and just graduated high school. I was on the swim team and was pretty good. I got a scholarship, small one, to swim at State. Next fall I am going to a small state college. I am cute or so I have been told. I have short hair, just above my shoulders and it is almost white. I am very tan with dark skin for a blonde I also have a 34-22-32 figure.

There is this eighth grade boy named Ryan Hicks that comes to the pool every day in the afternoon around three. When he walks in and all the little girls start to gravitate to him including my sister Robbie. Robbie is in sixth grade. Well, going into seventh anyway.

I have to admit, the kid is gorgeous. He is like a young Abercrombie and Fitch Model. He is on the community swim team and dominates the kids his age. He is 14 or about to turn 14 anyway. He has blonde hair and blue eyes. Yeah, I have been watching him.

I also hear about him all the time from Robbie. She thinks he is the greatest thing since sliced bread.

I have only had to yell at him a couple of times for getting too rowdy and he always listens, is respectful, and says "sorry and quits what he isn't suppose to be doing something.

Robbie and a couple of other sixth graders are always pestering him. Today he just got finished drying off from swimming in the pool and the girls were snapping him with towels.

"Okay you guys, stop it, that hurts, said Ryan.

"Make me said Robbie," as she snapped him again and hoped he would chase her.

Ryan tried to ignore her and I was just about ready to blow the whistle on her.

Ryan went to put the back of his lawn chair down when Robbie pulled the bar holding it up and jumped on the top of the chair. Ryan's finger was between two pieces of metal when his finger was smashed. Not only smashed put he tried to pull his hand out of the way and it pulled the finger nail on his left middle finger out by the root.

"Oh shit! Gosh Damn, Son of a..."

Ryan staggered around to a place where he could kneel down. Blood was dripping everywhere he staggered. He was white. I blew the whistle and had everyone get out. I got off the stand and ran over to Ryan. I wasn't quite sure what happened.

"Let me see it?"

"No, it'll be okay just don't touch it. Oh my God this hurts!"

"Ryan, let me see it. We need to know how bad it is."

Robbie came up to me and handed me his full intact finger nail with flesh on it.

"Oh boy I said and felt queasy. Sit down here on the chair and lets take a look."

I made him take his pressure off his finger and it started bleeding badly. That is the last thing I remember. When I woke up I was on the lawn chair and Ryan was patting my face to wake me up.

"What happened?"

"You passed out, Ryan got you up and into the chair and got some water to wake you up, said Robbie."

He had his hand wrapped in his t-shirt and was still in major pain. I got myself together and had him walk with me to the guard shack and got the first aid kit opened.

"Let's go into the bathroom and wash it off and I will put some gauze around it and wrap it up."

"Just wrap it now and I will clean it later," he said.

"No we can't wrap it up all bloody like that." I didn't know but I was trying to help.

I unwrapped his hand without looking and put it under the cold running water. Ryan screamed.

I pulled it out and he started crying.

"I am sorry, it just hurts so bad in the water. Just wrap it."

"Just hold it and keep the pressure on it so it will quit bleeding and in ten minutes or so I will wrap it."

"Okay he sniffed."

Out of the corner of my eye I saw Robbie start crying and go around the corner. I knew she felt bad. We walked back to the guard shack and got some Kleenex and dried his eyes and rubbed his back.

"I don't usually cry. I feel like a big baby but it hurt so bad. It still is just throbbing."

I got some ibuprofen and gave him three and made him take them.

"I need to call your parents."

"They work till six or seven. It will be okay, I will just go home and lay on the couch until they come home."

"No, you stay here for a while and I will watch you."

About that time Robbie came back around the corner and sat next to Ryan. It was obvious she had been crying. She put her arm around him and asked him if he was going to be okay.

"I think so. Wow that hurt. What happened?"

"Well, I pulled the bar trying to be funny and sat on the top of the chair and it pinched your finger nail off. I am so sorry, I didn't mean to hurt you," and she started crying harder than I've ever seen her.

Ryan put his arm around her and hugged her.

"It was an accident, you didn't mean to, I know that. Shit happens. You're still my favorite seventh grader."

Oh, he handled that so well I wanted to kiss him. Robbie beamed at him even though she still looked like she was going to be sick. I bandaged him up and I probably had that same sick look on my face. I didn't realize how much seeing his mangled finger bothered me.

When I was done. He was still white but smiling.

"All done," I said, proud of myself. A group of the girls had been standing in the doorway watching me. The fingernail was making the rounds and everyone was saying gross. Poor Ryan.

"Thanks for taking such good care of me Kelly. I don't know what I would have done without you."

I felt like hugging him, so I did and I kissed him on the cheek. Ryan went three shades red.

I had to let everyone back in the pool and Ryan said he was going home.

I wanted to walk him home and stay with him. Can I," Robbie asked?

"It is okay with me, if Robbie doesn't mind. Call me if you go home so I know where you are," I said?

Robbie helped him out of the pool and I watched them walk down the street. I wished I could have taken him home but I had to work.

At 9 pm I had everything done and I thought I would go over to Ryan's house and see how he was doing. Robbie stayed until his parents got home and then left.

I rang the doorbell and Ryan's mom who was very pretty met me at the door.

"Are you Kelly?"

"Yeah, I wanted to see how Ryan was doing, is he okay?"

"He is great thanks to you, and it was so sweet of Robbie to stay with him. He is in his room. Just go upstairs and it is the first one on the right."

"Thanks Mrs Hicks."

I went up and knocked on the door. Ryan called me in and I saw he was reading a Harry Potter book. He quickly put it down and sat up when he saw it was me.

"Hi Kelly, what are you doing here?"

"Just seeing how my favorite freshman is doing?"

"Well, it is pounding but tolerable."

I sat on the bed beside him. He looked so cute in shorts and a t-shirt.

"I wanted to tell you how brave I thought you were today and also tell you how much it meant to me to have you take care of me when I passed out. You also handled Robbie in the most mature, caring way. Most guys my age couldn't do that."

"Thanks, but I felt stupid when I cried in the bathroom."

"I would have cried the whole time," I said as I hugged him.

He hugged me back too and we just kind of melted together. I looked up at him and he looked at me and I kissed him. Not a quick kiss, but a long kiss on the mouth with feeling. He kissed me back too and it was nice. When our kiss broke, he said, "Wow, my first real kiss."

I moved in again and kissed him over and over getting my tongue slightly involved. He did that same thing I did, and the kiss got better and better. When it ended, we were both out of breath.

I held him and searched for something to say.

"Do you have a swim meet Saturday?"

"Yeah, but I don't know how the finger will effect me?"

"I will be there. I am lifeguarding for it and then I am off."

"My parents won't be there, they have to go to my little brothers soccer tournament. It is a big deal for him."

"Well, I will root for you."

We sat in silence and I thought I should probably go.

Ryan, you are a good kisser."

I didn't know what I was doing. I never thought that getting hurt would get me a real kiss from Kelly, our hottest lifeguard?"

"Getting hurt didn't get you a kiss, it was being a good guy that did."

He smiled and I stood. He stood too.

"Come up to the pool and see me tomorrow, maybe you can help me close up?"

"I would like that."

I noticed Ryan was taller than me, but I was only five four. He was about five eight.

I hugged him and kissed him on the cheek. He smiled and blushed.

The next day I didn't see Ryan until 7 that night. He came by and no one was at the pool. I was at the guard shack reading. I had to stay and keep the pool open till 9 pm.

"Hi Kelly!"

"Hey Ryan!" I had been waiting for him all day, I didn't know why I felt this way.

"It is a nice night, to bad I can't swim."

I thought why not and looked for something. I found it.

"What are you getting?"

"A baggie to put over your bandaged hand so it doesn't get wet. Let's try it out?"

I fixed him up with the baggy and rubber bands and led him to the pool. We both got in.

"Wow this is great. It works perfect. You are smart as well as beautiful," he kidded.

I put my arms around his neck and wrapped my legs around him.

"Can you hold me?"

"Yeah, no problem."

I had been thinking about that kiss all day. I looked at him and his eyes flicked up from my chest. I was wearing my bikini today and it was white with red trim and said 'Life Guard' on the ass and embroidered on the top left breast of my bikini top.

My pussy felt hot against his body and he started to get a hard on. I could feel it growing at unprecedented speed. He kept holding me but I felt him pull his penis back away from me so I couldn't feel it. It had to be awkward.

"Ryan, it is okay. I am glad you are getting hard. It tells me you are enjoying this."

I wrapped my legs around him even tighter and felt his very hard cock nestle into the cleft of my pussy.

"MMMMMMM," I said, I felt in control and I knew I could do anything I wanted with this young cute guy and he would never object. I also knew I was leaving for college in two months so I wasn't leading him on. What I didn't know is why I would even consider doing this with a guy so young.

"Kelly, you're so beautiful. I thought about kissing you all day. I wanted to come up here a half a dozen times but you said you wanted me to help you close."

"I have been thinking about that kiss too. I am sure glad I don't have a boyfriend right now," and then I leaned in and kissed him.

The kiss heated up again and this time I worked with him. He was a little stiff so I gave him some pointers.

"Relax, open your mouth a little, move your lips, eat my lips with your lips, easy, not too hard. Kiss my neck, my ear, lick it, put your tongue in it. Too much just tease it. Oh yeah, baby."

We kissed and kissed and I watched the parking lot to see if anyone was coming. I was also grinding his cock into my pussy with his heels. 'Oh, I could almost cum this way.' I stood and pulled my a nipple out of my bikini top. Ryan's eyes got big. I pulled his mouth down to it and he licked my nipple.

"You can suck on it if you want to?"

He just lightly sucked like he wasn't sure but the light touch was heavenly and my pussy throbbed. He took his good hand and felt my other breast and squeezed it.

"Easy does it there. Not too hard, they are sensitive."

I jumped up on him wrapping my legs around him again and grinding his meat into my taco. I let the head of his dick rub my clit. He was still sucking my nipple and I felt the orgasm wash over me like a wave while I hunched onto his cock. I felt him shutter and pull back as he push me away and started to leave the pool.

"Wait, Ryan, It's okay."

"No it's not," he said looking down into the water.

"I came in my swim trunks."

I went to him and pulled him into me Kissing him tenderly.

"I know you feel weird, it's okay. Hey the pool is a great place to do that, you're all wet anyway and no one can tell."

"You're so hot I couldn't help it. I know guys get made fun of because they cum in their pants with a hot girl, I just didn't think I would be one of them."

"I came too."

"You did?"

"Yes, I don't know what it is about you Ryan but you get my blood pumping."

He smiled and hugged me. Just then a dad and his two kids came in the gate. I let go of Ryan and left the pool and went to the lifeguard stand. Ryan floated around. My luck, the Dad and the kids stayed till closing. The Dad started flirting with me, but yuck! Right as the second hand hit the twelve, I blew the whistle.

Ryan helped me straighten the chairs and empty the trash. I did everything in half the time with his help and then we went into the guard shack. As soon as we were inside, I turned and kissed him hard and with urgency. We made out wildly and I kissed him down his chest. I kissed his tight swimmers stomach and I could see his cock tenting his shorts.

I pulled the string.

The next thing I remember I was trying to swallow his cock. He was moaning and I tried to deep throat him and gagged. I pulled off him and gulped for breath. He came all over my face and started to pull away but I grabbed his spurting cock and put it in my mouth and swallowed over and over. I couldn't see out of one eye. I grabbed some tissues off the desk and swiped my face off and laughed. He started laughing too.

"Damn, that was a surprise."

"I am sorry. I just can't keep from doing that."

"I bet the more you do it the more control you will have."

"Does that mean we are going to do this a lot?"

"We'll see."

At the swim meet on Saturday, Ryan was able to put his bare hand in the water with just the fingernail bandaged. He won his heats smashing the 14 year old records. When he finished his eyes went to me first and I clapped. Robbie was with me and was cheering him on. She was on the team too. After the meet, Robbie had a soccer meet she went home but not before giving Ryan a big hug, I walked him home.

He invited me in and we went to his room after we got a couple of cokes. We sat on his bed and we each took a sip of our cokes. We looked at each other and that was all it took. We were making out like crazy.

I started undressing him and he started undressing me. With in two minutes we were both naked lying on each other. I kissed down his body and took his cock into my mouth and sucked him like crazy spending lots of time on the head. With just the head of his cock in my mouth he came hard and I swallowed every drop.

He kissed down my body and kissed my pubic bone and looked up at me and started licking my pussy. Oh my God! I started cumming and cumming until I was too sensitive and had to pull away.

"Wow that was unbelievable! Who taught you that?"

"He smiled, did you like it?" I thought what a dumb question.

We laid side by side and caressed each other and stared into each others eyes. I felt like I was falling for this kid. He was only fourteen? What the fuck was I doing.

"This is bothering you isn't it?"

Perceptive as well as sexy.

"Ryan, this can't go anywhere you know that. I am going to college this fall and you are just starting high school."

"I know, but I will love every minute of it till it does end. Who knows what the future holds."

I kissed him and made a decision. I rolled him onto his back and slid on top of him. I rubbed my pussy back and forth over his cock.

"Will you make love to me Ryan?"

"Oh my God, It would be a dream come true."

"Are you sure you want to loose your virginity to me?"

"Yes, I wouldn't want anyone else to do it first. You're my teacher."

"Your mine too. Ryan, I am a virgin."

"You are?"

"In fact you are the first boy to ever lick my pussy. I am not in love with you Ryan, but I do love and care for you."

He kissed me and I knotched his cock into my steaming hot and drenched pussy. It slid in with ease but it felt like it filled me as full as I could accept. I pulled my pussy off and onto him twice and he exploded. I thought oh fuck, I didn't use protection. What the hell I wasn't going to waste this and I fucked him until I felt the orgasm deep within me. Even though he came, he never softened in the least. I ground my pussy on his cock and fucked him for the next hour straight. He cam multiple times. So did I.

We tried every position we could think of. We stopped for grapes and drank our cokes and went at it again. I felt free having sex with him. No worries, no games, just trying to pleasure each other.

I left before his parents got home and as I walked down the street toward home I was at peace and not a bit regretful.

My sister Robbie came into my room later that evening and told me about her soccer game and how much fun it was. She told me how Ryan kept looking at her at the swim meet. And how she loved him. I felt bad that I was in the way of that. I couldn't tell her what we had been doing and never would.

Ryan and I continued to make love every chance we got for the rest of the summer. I did get condoms and lots of them. We had several close calls, twice Robbie almost caught us, which would have been a disaster. Once she had a funny look on her face after the close call.

The last weekend we snuck away and made love all day in his bedroom while his parents were away. I told him that this was the last time, we both had to move on. We both cried. As I drove to college I wondered if I would ever meet a boy as sweet.

I never did, but I did meet a man as sweet and college was as it was suppose to be.

Three years later I was home for homecoming and Robbie was getting ready for the homecoming dance. Her boyfriend was a Junior and she was excited. When he came by to pick her up, they posed for photos and he kissed her like she was the only one in the world to him. I felt a twinge of jealousy but I was happy for her.

Ryan shook my hand and then kissed my cheek and said,

"It's great seeing you again. I will never forget how you took care of me that summer I hurt my finger, you and Robbie."

I wondered, what exactly did he mean?

I looked over at Robbie and she just smiled.