Look Who's Peeking
Curse of The house of Incest spinoffs
by Indy Pop
Copyright© 2009 by Indy Pop

"He's doing it again." It was the first thought that came to my mind as I peeked inside my son's room.

Inside the room, my son Fred was laying spread eagle on his big double bed. I observed my handsome son as he slowly stripped off his clothes. He removed his t-shirt, then his shorts tossing them carelessly on one side. Then he propped his head on the pillows and stared at the screen of his laptop on his side that showed a porn movie in progress.

I had seen him before in that state. In fact, for the last one week, I had been spying on my son ... watching him discreetly while he masturbated.

It began a couple of nights ago. I'm an early sleeper, but that night, I was finding it hard to sleep. I decided to take a walk in the backyard. So I left my bedroom, went to the kitchen, opened the door at the back. It opened in the backyard. I pushed the doors noiselessly and slipped outside.

It was a moonlit night. I took a deep breath and began to walk in my backyard garden moving to and fro from one side of the fence to the other side of fence. I was lost in my thought and didn't notice the lights in my son's bedroom. Only when I decided to return to my room I saw the lights.

We live in a double storied house at the outskirts of the city. We are only three in our family my husband Dave, my son Fred and me. Our bedrooms, Fred's as well as mine, both are at the ground floor and first floor rooms are used only for the guests. There is a common wall between out bedrooms, and a door that opened in Fred's room. However, we kept that door permanently locked so that he, and we too, could enjoy our privacies.

I didn't know why I wanted to look inside his room. Probably I was just curious.

I looked for an opening through the windows. After a little snooping around, I was able to find an opening through the drapes on one of the windows. Carefully, I positioned my eyes at the opening and peeked inside my son's room.

I watched something that I shouldn't have watched.

My son was laying on his bed ... completely naked ... not even a single stitch of cloth on his lean athletic body. His eyes were glued to the screen of his laptop that showed a group of men and women displaying all sorts of screwing skills. Unaware of my presence at the window, his hand was busy massaging his rigid cock.

Something at the back of my mind screamed, warned me to move away from the window immediately. However, my eyes were drawn to his rigid tool. I could not take off my eyes away from his boner. My feet refused to move.

I remained there and watched my son as he whacked his cock. I witnessed every moment of my son's solitude ... the furious pistoning of his fingers over his massive dick ... the contortion of his handsome face as his orgasm hit him and the violent release of incessant jets of hot frothy cum.

I observed everything.

I must admit that I was awestruck from what I had witnessed. When I returned to my room, I was extremely horny. I stripped and lay on my bed. My fingers reached between my legs and I played with my pussy. I finger-fucked my hungry pussy feverishly until my whole body erupted in a shattering orgasm. Although, I tried not to think about Fred while fingering my wet pussy; the image of his gigantic dick kept coming into my imagination again and again.

I had a mind blowing orgasm that night.

That moment, I didn't know that it would change my life forever.

Next morning, I was remorseful, ashamed of my wanton behavior. I didn't know what had come over me last night. I had never done anything like this except in my fantasies. I was married relatively young, and so far my life had been of a simple stay at home mom's life, bearing and bringing up our only child, keeping house, being faithful to my husband. I had been a straight, upright housewife ... a mother who dressed rather conservatively and a religious woman who visited church regularly.

I cursed myself for being so stupid. I had committed a serious crime by spying on my son ... a forbidden sin.

Throughout the day, I struggled to put his thoughts out of my mind. I resisted the wanton temptations to think about the firmness of his thighs, his bushy crotch and the magnificent piece of flesh rising so proudly between them.

By the evening, I was in control of my lewd emotions. I resolved that it was a freak accident and it wouldn't happen again.

However, as the night progressed and I retired to my bedroom, my resolution began to melt. My heart longed to see that scene again. My pussy began to cream and I wanted to watch my teenage son beating his cock. I tried to sleep but I couldn't. I tossed and turned in the bed but to no avail.

Finally, I surrendered to my lust and left my bed. My feet dragged me to the backyard ... to the same place where I was last night.

Hiding behind the window, I watched my son masturbating for the second time. His beautiful throbbing cock ... jets of his hot cum flying out off his peehole. I was driven wild with lust. I was extremely horny when I returned to my room. I again fingered myself to a terrific orgasm.

After the second night, I lost my inhibitions. My horniness took complete control of my thoughts and I did what it wanted me to do.

I was again there on the next night and every night after that. Each day, unaware of my snooping eyes, my son whacked his cock and left me lusting for.

Every time, it was followed by a furious round of self gratification in my room.

This night was no exception. I was standing outside my son's room, peeking through the opening ... excitedly watching my son stripping. It was a cold November night. I felt a mild shiver standing at the window. I was wearing only my white panties underneath my gown ... no bra.

Fred had turned eighteen last December. As his mother, I had the opportunity to watch him grow into a fine handsome young man. It was rather unbelievable that my small kid had suddenly become a man.

He was a good son, good in studies and a very good athlete I was really proud of him.

I was aware that he was dating one of his classmates Linda. But I was not sure if he was screwing her too. He appeared so innocent.

My sex life with my husband wasn't going very smoothly. In fact, I couldn't recall when Dave screwed me for the last time. It seemed like ages. Dave was too busy with his work. After twenty odd years of our evidently successful marriage, he didn't have enough time for his wife and his son.

I won't say that he wasn't a good father. He was and he was good in bed too. But lately he seemed to have forgotten about one of his major duties. He was no more interested in sex. He was completely oblivious of my physical needs.

I had resigned to my fate; settled in my life as a homemaker and a doting mother.

However, watching my son masturbating on that fateful night ignited a hidden desire in me. I realized how much I was missing sex. I recalled the nights when I lay in my bed wishing Dave to be between my spread legs with his monster cock reaming through my wet pussy ... just like it used to be during the initial years of our marriage.

Now everything seems to be vanished. Dave was my first love. He was the man who took my virginity and so far he was the only man who had the rights to fuck me any time he wanted. I still loved him. All I expected him to be more considerate about his wife's needs.

Inside the room, Fred moved on bed. I woke from my reverie.

Fred was completely naked now. His hand was now gripping his hardened cock. He began to stroke it gently. He continued to stroke his cock until it was hard and erect. His eyes were glued to his laptop screen that showed a man and a woman busy in their furious love making.

I amorously observed my handsome son. He looked gorgeous, more like Dave when I first met him. He looked an exact replica, same handsome face, a young athletic body, thick dark hair and a heart warming smile. No doubt my son was very popular among the girls. Like his father he was also endowed with a magnificent tool, long, thick and with a beautifully swollen mushroom shaped head.

A warm feeling rushed up and down through my body. I could feel my horny pussy began to melt. My legs grew weak as I watch my son playing with his mammoth hard on.

Intuitively, my hands reached between my legs and I rubbed my pussy through the gown.

His cock beating got furious with every passing second. His eyes were still staring at the laptop screen but I doubted if he was actually watching the movie.

My legs trembled and a strange shiver began to run through my body. I furiously rubbed my engorged clit. Suddenly, my pussy began to throb. I knew if I didn't stop I would start cumming there itself. I removed my fingers from my pussy and squeezed my legs unsuccessfully trying to stop my orgasm.

It was too late. A loud moan escape from my mouth as my cunt lips throbbed even more violently. My entire body shook with the ultimate pleasure the moment my orgasm hit me. My mind was reeling. I had to take support of the wall to avoid collapsing on the ground. I could feel the warm fluid running down my thighs.

I let my body go and enjoyed the blissful feeling.

Once the tidal waves of pleasure began to subside, my fingers were back to where they were before. My attention was again drawn to my son.

Fred's handsome face was contorted with rapture. His fist was running over his cock like an automobile piston. The purple mushroomed head of his beautiful cock looked even larger.

Suddenly, his body arched. His mouth opened and he gave a loud cry. I could hear only a muffled cry behind the closed windows. His hand squeezed his cock tightly. The engorged head throbbed and a large drop of cum shot from the tip of his cock. His thick sperm flashed in the air and landed over his chest. Another shot followed; that also landed on his chest. Then another, and another ... I stopped counting.

I watched the entire firework ... igniting, flashing and then subsiding. My body shivered and trembled as my fingers played with my pussy.

Inside the room, Fred lay on his bed breathing heavily. His eyes looked delirious and he appeared relaxed. The laptop screen was still showing the man now buggering his female protagonist ... ramming his cock into the girl's sphincter. But Fred seemed uninterested. He reached out and turned off the power switch. The picture disappeared from the screen.

"Time to go." I said to myself and dragged my feet.

I quickly walked over to the rear door of kitchen. Entering into the darkened kitchen, I locked the door from inside. I came out of kitchen, entered into the living room. I should have directly gone to my bedroom. Some strange thought stopped me from doing so and instead I settled on the sofa.

From my position, I could see the corridor leading to my bedroom and to the Fred's bed room which was just after my bed room and the closed doors of his room at the end of the corridor. I didn't know if he had locked his room from inside. I silently sat there staring at my son's bedroom door.

I didn't want to go back to my room. I was horny like hell ... desperately needed a cock, a thick long massive cock, between my scorching pussy lips.

I was dying for a good fuck.

And I knew that my son was endowed with one of those that could quench my burning thirst.

"What're you trying to do Melissa?" My mind warned me. "Fucking your own son ... that's incest."

In the silence of night, I could hear my heart beating like a drum.

"No ... I shouldn't" I thought. "It's evil."

I got up and walked into the corridor.

I stopped outside the closed door. My body was trembling violently, my head spinning. For a moment, I felt like turning back and running to the shelter of my room. However, my body refused to obey my mind. I waited outside the door, trying to control the shivering.

Finally, I pushed the door.

It was not locked from inside. Probably, my son didn't expect anyone to visit him at such odd hour. He must have heard the door open as his eyes snapped open and he saw me standing in the doorway. He emitted a loud surprised groan and quickly drew up the covers to hide his nakedness.

"What the hell... ?" He cried; his face flushed with embarrassment.

Although my legs were trembling, I put a bold face. I walked boldly into the room and over to the side of his bed. "What's going on here?"

"Don't I have a right to some privacy?" He said irritably.

"Sure you have," I leered at him. "But not when your mother can watch you pumping your cock."

I indicated toward the window that opened into the backyard. He could see the opening between the hanging curtains. He gave me a stunned look. He pulled the covers to his chest to hide the drops of cum that were still there. It was an unsuccessful move. The sheet became wet with his cum. I could clearly see the four perceptible wet spots over the portion that covered his upper body.

"You needn't hide that?" I grinned pointing at the biggest spot just above his crotch. "Mommy has seen cock before? Don't you know ... I've been screwing you dad for last twenty years."

His eyes opened even wider. He looked stunned. He hadn't expected such depraved words from me. I gave him a wanton grin, reached out and quickly jerked the covers off his body.

"Mom... !" My son cried in shame and bent forward trying to cover his nakedness with his hands.

I gave him a wicked smile. "Relax ... Fred ... I've seen you naked before."

"But..." He stammered, his hands still covering his nakedness. "I was a kid then."

"So what?" My pussy was tingling with lust. I could feel wetness seeping out of my hairy slit. "Can't mommy see his grown up son's dick."

"Goddamn you!" Fred begged. His face was deep red with embarrassment. "Please mom ... don't embarrass me. Please go."

"Oh, shut up," I interrupted. "Lemme see what my son's got."

I gripped his hands covering his dick and forced them away from his crotch. He resisted halfheartedly. I could see he was now beginning to enjoy his predicament. The feeling of shame was slowly being replaced by a strange sense of excitement.

His cock was now open to my prying eyes.

I stared at his monster cock. It was long and thick jutting out of dark thatch of curly hair. I could see the veins running along its length. The foreskin drawn back, his deep purple bulbous head appeared huge. I held my breath. I was bigger than my husband's tool. It must be.

"Goss ... Fred." I gave his cock an admiring look. "It's big ... honey ... very big."

"Mom... ?" He replied shyly but his excitement was visible. He liked his cock being admired by his horny mother. He moved his hands away from his thighs and let me had an eyeful of his mammoth hard-on.

"Did Linda take it completely?" I grinned.

"Mom..." He shouted in embarrassment. "I haven't done it with her yet. I'm still virgin."

"Really... !" I feigned a surprised look. "She must be an idiot. She doesn't what she's missing."

Inside, I felt elated; I didn't know why.

"You like it mom?"

"Yes honey." I replied. "You've the nicest cock I've ever seen."

He liked the appreciation as his stomach muscles contracted and his cock jerked.

I sat at the edge of his bed. My eyes were glued to his throbbing manhood. I longed to feel that cock quiver in my hands. I gave in to my temptation, reached down and encircle his cock with my fingers.

"Mom... !" Fred jumped at the sudden contact; then he relaxed. To my cold fingers, his cock appeared hot ... very hot. I got a firm grip on his throbbing cock, and slowly began to move the foreskin skin up and down.

He watched me intently as I stroked his hardness. His eyes were bulging with excitement. My condition was no better. My pussy was dripping profusely. It was getting more difficult with every passing second.

I realized that now there won't be any turning back. I had succumbed to my lust. I must have that masterpiece between my pussy lips.

"I think you should put that thing back..." I pointed toward the laptop that was lying idle on one side. "You don't need it now."

While I played with his rigid tool, he quickly closed the lid and put it on a side table. Then he turned his attention back to me.

"It feels good mom..." His voice was hoarse with excitement. He was breathing with a quickened pace. "It really feels very good."

I smiled and suddenly let go his pulsating rod from my grip. He moaned and stared at me with disappointment. I pushed his naked hip. He got the hint and moved far on the bed. I climbed on the bed and settled between his spread legs. Once again, I gripped his cock, this time with both hands. My eyes were glued to his enormous hard on.

"Ohhhhhhhhhh... ! Mom... !" He moaned loudly.

"Honey..." My voice came like a hoarse. "I want to kiss it..."

"Yessss..." He thrust his crotch excitedly. "Please kiss me ... suck my dick mom ... please."

I took hold of his teenage cock, my eyes glazing with lust. I bent my head and flicked my tongue out. I touched the swollen head of his cock, then slowly ran it over his tiny peehole. It drove him wild with desire.

"Ahhhhhhhhh... !" His thigh muscles flexed and he cried.

I ignored his moans and slowly engulfed his cock between my lips. For some time, I sucked his cock head like a lollipop. Then slowly I began to gobble up the length of his cock. Within seconds, almost full length of his cock was deep inside my sucking mouth. His cock head touched against my throat. For a second, I almost choked. So I released a part but kept the remaining length embedded inside my mouth. My hand moved down, to the base of his cock and I grasped his balls.

"Suck me, Mom!" Fred gasped. "Oh, suck my cock!"

I clamped my lips around his cock, and slowly began to move it up and down. He also responded by thrusting his tool into my mouth. I ran my tongue over it, licking and slurping. His cock was hot and so hard; and the way it throbbed in my mouth sent violent ripples of delight through my body. I could feel the crotches of my panties were soaked with my juice. I even felt the wetness seeping onto my thighs.

"Mmmmmm!" I stared at my son. His eyes were bulging; he was continuously emanating a strange guttural sound.

I tweaked with the curly hair at the base of his cock and then began to caress his balls. Stroking them, squeezing them; Fred went wild as he pushed his cock deeper into my mouth.

"Ahhh ... mom ... suck it... !" He moaned. "Suck it hard, Mom! Ooooh God, your mouth is so wet and hot. God I love it."

Encouraged, I sucked him even harder. The heat between my legs was getting more and more intense with every stroke of my lips over his tool. I was moaning, grunting with lust. I couldn't recall when I sucked my husband like that. My lips began to ache but I didn't stop. It was so wanton yet so exciting. My son's sawing through my hungry mouth and he was watching me doing that. God ... how much I loved doing that.

His cock began to swell in my mouth, slowly growing in size. It moved like a piston in and out of my mouth. I ran my tongue over his dripping pisshole each time he withdrew, sucking up any drop of precum that oozed out of his tiny peehole.

I could also feel the buildup of an approaching orgasm between my soaked thighs. Fred was pumping excitedly, completely oblivious of my condition. His cock almost leaving my clenched lips before it plunged back in to my throat.

My cunt was on fire.

"Mom! Ohhhh, Mom! Yes, suck it, Mom!"

I felt his body stiffen, his thighs pressing against my head. Sucking in frenzy, I moaned and sobbed with rapture.

"Mom... !" Suddenly there was a panic in his voice.

I didn't hear him. I was too much occupied with my task and the wild heat in my pussy that was growing wilder with every passing second. I clenched my thighs in an unsuccessful attempt to curb my impending orgasm.

"Mom!" Fred cried in lustful agony as his hot cum gushed into my sucking mouth.

His handsome face was contorted with the rapture. His cock throbbed and throbbed, hot cum shot out of his cock in rapid successions, filling my mouth before I could realize that he was cumming in my mouth. The taste of his juices, sent my body into a shattering convulsion. I came in hot waves of spasms, clutching the head of my son's cock with tight lips as he spurted his love juice into my mouth.

I sucked furiously. The taste and smell of his pungent fluid was driving me insane with passion. I gulped down the huge load of cum that he was ejaculating relentlessly into my mouth. I swallowed every drop of his love juice.

Finally it was over. His cock stopped shooting. But I didn't let him go and sucked his cock hungrily. Squeezing every drop of cum that was remaining. Satisfied, I let him go.

Fred pulled his cock from my mouth. It came out with a sot sucking sound. He slumped back on the bed staring at me with sparkling eyes. He looked very happy.

I stared at her handsome face lovingly.

"I'm sorry, Mom," He tried to appear innocent. "I didn't mean to cum in your mouth."

"Never mind ... honey," I smiled at him. "Mommy loved the taste."

I opened my mouth and stuck my tongue out. I showed him a part of his thick sweet juice still adhering to my tongue and lips.

"Want to kiss mom?"

He didn't reply; immediately got up and moved closed to me. I held his shoulders, bent my head and kissed him. He responded with fervor. I inserted my cum coated tongue deep into his mouth. Fred sucked, licking his own cum off my tongue and swallowing down his throat. My one hand moved down his thigh and I caressed his flaccid cock.

We kissed for a long time. We sucked each other tongue, tasting the mix of our saliva and my son's cum. Finally, I broke the kiss.

I gazed up at him, gently squeezing his soft cock. "Do you know ... you're the first one I've ... sucked off?"

He grinned. "Then ... was it okay, Mom?"

"Yeah..." I could not resist a giggle.

"Then it's okay if I cum in your mouth?"

"Any time you want honey ... any time."

I climbed off his bed and stood by the side of his bed. I stared lovingly into his eyes. He licked his lips but said nothing. I knew what he wanted.

I also wanted the same.

I didn't wait and began to undress. In a swift move, I undone my gown and dropped it on the floor. I wasn't wearing my bra. My heavy tits jiggled as I removed my gown. Then I stood in front of my son wearing only white cotton panties.

"Please ... take that off too." He begged. His hands fumbled with his cock which was showing the signs of new arousal.

I gave him a wanton grin, inserted my fingers into the elastic band and began to slip my panties down my thighs. As it moved out, I bent forward hiding my dripping pussy from his lecherous eyes. I took them out of my legs and threw on the side.

"Please ... mom!" His voice was choked with excitement. "Please let me see your pussy."

I smiled and stood. A gasp came out of his mouth as he eyed my hairy pussy. As he examined my naked body, I felt a little ashamed. Never before, I had exposed my body so wantonly to anyone other than my husband. I knew that I was not in my primes. I was a simple housewife. I had never been to a gym. Yet years had treated me well and I was proud of my voluptuous figure. My thighs are little fleshly and there is a fleshly mound over my tummy. My fat pussy lips are adorned with thick raven jungle of pubic hair that I kept trimmed to a particular length.

I stood beside his bed, completely naked. He could see, the moist lips my fat hairy cunt. His eyes moved from my jugs to my bushy cunt. His eyes were wide with awe and admiration.

"God ... Mom!" He exclaimed. "You're so beautiful."

"Thanks ... honey..." I was pleased with his admiration. He wasn't lying. I could read it in his eyes. "Mommy is an old woman now."

"No ... mom ... you're the most beautiful woman I've seen. All my friends talk about you."

"Really."

"Yes mom. They don't talks in front of me. But I know they'll die to see you like this. God you're just out of the world." Then he pointed at my bush. "You have so much hair there. I've never seen anything like that."

"You don't like hairy pussy?"

"No ... I didn't mean that. It's beautiful. Actually ... Linda keep has pussy shaved."

"I know most women keep it shaved nowadays. I love it this way. Shaving irritates my skin."

I moved and climbed on the bed and settled beside him. "So you've seen her naked."

He gave me a shy smile.

"But you didn't fuck her."

"No she doesn't let me. She only allows me to touch her there ... and ... and," He hesitated for a moment then spoke slowly. "sometimes she let me kiss there."

His face turned red again.

I giggled like a teen aged girl.

"Then you know how to kiss pussy. Why don't you show me."

"Mom..." He responded excitedly.

"Come on show me." I quickly changed my position. I was now lying on the bed, my legs wide open, my hairy twat open to his lustrous gaze. He positioned himself between my legs. I spread my legs so that he could look right into my wet slit. He was now on all fours, his head only inches away from my dripping pussy.

"Now ... show mommy how you kiss pussy."

Fred inhaled deeply, feeling the musky aroma emanating from my snatch. I was dripping so profusely that even I could smell it. He gently touched the hairy lips of my pussy with his fingers, slowly spreading the dark bush to expose the pink slit. He ran his index finger lightly along the narrow slit, touching the narrow mound of flesh, my clit.

I breathed hard, opened my legs wider. "Feel it baby ... feel mommy's pussy."

He pressed his index finger over my swollen clit.

"Yeah ... rub it, honey ... rub my clit." I moaned loudly. I gripped his head with my hands and pressed it hard.

Fred began to massage my clitoris between thumb and finger. Soon my clit responded to his antics. My body began to writhe on the bed. I had never felt so ecstatic so wonderful. My whole body felt like it was on fire.

"Ohhh ... yessss!" I heard myself groaning with lust. "Oh, that's it baby ... that's right. Put that finger in my cunt ... baby ... deeper."

He immediately obeyed my command and rammed his middle and index finger deep inside my throbbing pussy. His thumb remained at my clit, teasing it with fluttering strokes. Then he started fucking my pussy with his fingers.

"Mom..." He spoke as he fucked his fingers in and out of my steaming pussy. "You're so hot ... and so wet."

I gyrated my hips and enjoyed his finger fucking.

For a second, my thoughts were drifted to my husband. I was committing adultery and that to with my own son. I could not believe that in a matter of days I have degraded myself so much. I was lying naked in front of my teenage son, so wantonly opened to him and he was fingering my pussy. I didn't felt any remorse. We had already crossed that line that separated us as mother and son. At that moment, he was my man and I was his woman, and we were on the verge of tasting the most forbidden fruit.

Fred was furiously fucking my pussy with his fingers. His every in and out stroke drove my wild with lust. My pussy was dripping profusely soaking his sawing fingers. My cunt was throbbing and contracting wildly under his fingerfucking and I was groaning like a horny slut.

"Yes ... yes ... ohhhhhhhh ... ahhhhh ... son." I was crying with lust. "Yessssss ... fuck mommy."

He worked harder and faster, furiously moving his fingers in and out of my heated pussy. I lost counts and left my body at his mercy until my second orgasm of the day hit me. My buttocks jerked and gyrated wildly as his fingers finally brought me to another mind boggling orgasm. It was magnificent ... out of the world. I had never experienced two orgasm in such quick successions.

Oblivious to my condition, Fred withdrew his fingers out of my pussy. But he wasn't finished yet. I watched as he spread my cunt lips and stared up into the soft, wet, rosy lips of my pussy that were still throbbing from the intensity of my orgasm. Then he bent his head and he kissed my wet pussy.

I went rigid as I felt his lips touch my hairy lips. He kissed me just like a man kisses a woman on her lips. He kept his lips locked to my slit, slowly running his tongue over the slit. I closed my eyes and prepared myself for another wonderful journey as his tongue probed my slit and slowly entered inside.

I bucked my hips up in total abandon. Having my handsome young son eating my cunt like this was so deliciously dirty yet so rapturous. My knees wobbled.

He ran his tongue into the soaking depths of pussy slit and lightly massaged the walls of my velvety cunt. Then he took it out and ran it up the length of my pussy. Slowly he began to stroke and suck on the tiny but engorged mound of my clit. He found the size of my clit too small to hold between his lips so he began to stroke it slowly from base to tip and then back up. His fingers spread my pussy lips and finally he pulled the tiny mound into his mouth and sucked on it.

I was about to die with rapture. I didn't know how many times he had sucked Linda's pussy. At that moment, he was acting like a pro. I let my body float with the waves of extreme pleasure, closed my eyes and enjoyed his oral calisthenics.

He let go my clit and once again plunged his tongue deep into my pussy. He probed and tickled around the sides, stroking my tender pussy. Then I felt his hands moving down. He put his hands on my as cheeks. His fingers clutched into the taut muscle and he squeezed and stroked them. One by one squeezing and releasing each of the globes. Then he spread my ass cheeks with both hands and I felt his thumb stroking my anus.

I held my breath and tightened my ass muscles around his probing digit. He released his grip from my ass and began to run his finger over my sphincter. He placed his fingertip at the wrinkled opening and suddenly pushed his finger deep inside my anus.

"Ahhhhhhhhhhhhh..." I cried with the sudden pain.

He lifted his head off my pussy, gave me nasty grin and went back to his job. His index finger was now buried up to knuckle into my anus. It was a new experience for me. I had never been violated into my anal region. I always believed that it would be painful. But it was not pain, a strange kind of soreness, rather pleasant but certainly not a pain. He began to finger fuck my anus while his tongue slurped upon my pussy.

He fucked my ass and sucked my pussy. I surrendered to his merciless onslaught and soon I was overwhelmed by a series of small orgasms, one after another. My cunt flowed freely, my copious juices drenched his tongue and he drank hungrily.

I wasn't able to take anymore so I pushed his head. He sensed and withdrew his tongue from my pussy. But didn't take out the finger out of my anus.

"Was it good ... mom?" His lips and chin were soaked with my pussy juice.

"Good... !" I looked at him incredulously. "Where did you learn all this?"

"You liked it mommy?"

"Yes ... honey ... but will you now take that finger out. I had never let your father do that."

He smiled wickedly and took his finger out. Then he bent forward. His body hovered over me and he kissed me. I opened my mouth and responded eagerly to his kiss. I licked my pussy juices off his lips and chin, then pushed my tongue deep into his mouth.

While we French kissed, I could feel his hardness poking against my bush. I reached down and gripped his cock. I wrapped my fingers about the bulge and instinctively I squeezed his erection. I was delighted at the size and stiffness of his prick. Excitedly, I rubbed the swollen head of his cock against my velvety pussy.

Fred broke the kiss, stared into my eyes and whispered, " I want to fuck you mom."

My pussy was itching with a need to feel his cock between my legs. Once again, my mind warned me that it was wrong, but my body wasn't listening anymore. All I wanted right then was my son's long hard cock fucking my horny pussy.

"I know we shouldn't be doing it but I want it too, son," I squeezed his cock, pressing against my dripping slit. "Please, fuck me. Mommy needs a really good fucking."

He raised his body off mine and settled himself into the proper position between my open thighs. I parted my legs even wider and planted his cock tip against my slippery opening. He propped on his hands and bucked his hip forward. My fat hairy pussy lips throbbed excitedly as I felt the swollen head of his massive cock began to spread them open. My pussy stretched to accommodate the bulbous intruder and then the head was inside me. He pushed a little more, slipping another inch inside me.

"Harder ... honey." I was desperate to feel full length of his tool inside me. "Give me the whole thing ... and ... fuck me ... fast and hard."

He didn't seem to listen to me. Another push and one more inch of his mammoth tool was inside me. Then another inch and then another inch. Finally, the hair at the base of his crotch rubbed against my bushy cuntlips. His balls press against the globes of my anal crack. I realized he was finally fully inside me.

The head of his monstrous cock was touching deep inside my swamp-wet pussy. My trembling pelvis squirmed against the flat muscle of his hard belly. The entire length of my son's incredible prick was buried inside of me. The fact that the magnificent cock in my cunt belonged to my own son; to me, it was the ultimate turn on. I'd never been so aroused in my life.

My cunt was full, fuller than it had ever been before and it felt wonderful. I moved with him as Fred began to fuck me with a slow, steady rhythm. It was an out of the world experience. So different from my all fuck sessions with my husband. The simple fact that I was being fucked by my own son, made it so wantonly delicious ... so amazing. My own son's cock was pumping in and out of my cunt, stretching me, filling me, making my clit tingle and throb with extreme anticipation.

Fred thrust his cock deep inside me and brought his lips close to mine. He kissed me passionately.

"It's amazing mom!" He whispered while pumping my steaming cunt with his tool. "You're so fucking hot."

"You like fucking mommy."

"Yes ... mom ... yes." He fucked me harder.

"Then fuck me hard..." I wriggled my body under him. "Fuck mommy hard ... harder ... make mommy your slut. You feel so good inside me."

He kept me pumping away, harder and harder. With every stroke, the entire length of his cock moved out of my pussy and then forcing it deep inside me with a massive thrust causing me to squirm on the bed. I couldn't recall when I'd felt so elated.

"Ohhhhhhh ... God ... Ohhhhh ... Honey ... you feel soooooo good!" I was crying with pleasure, writhing beneath him, shoving my hips upwards to meet his every thrust.

"Ahhhhhhhhhh ... mom!" Fred bucked and groaned while plundering my willing pussy mercilessly. "I've always wanted to fuck you..."

He plunged harder into my wet cunt. I groaned with passion.

"Really."

"Yes ... mom." He pumped harder. "But I thought it was wrong to think about you like that."

"Yes honey ... this is wrong ... so wrong..." I murmured. I felt as my hairy pussy sucking at his cock as it plunged in and out of me. "Yet ... so beautiful ... so beautiful! Why didn't you tell me before."

"I always wanted to... ," His voice came as hoarse whisper. He was panting with effort. "but thought you'd be angry."

"Not anymore ... honey." I lifted my legs and criss-crossed his waist between my fleshy thighs. He feverishly fucked my hot, slick pussy. "You can fuck me ... anytime. Mom's always ready for you."

Fred gripped my legs and released the grip from his back. He forced them forward, toward my head, bending me double. My body bent in a natural arc and my hips came off the bed. Now his cock was reaming my pussy almost in a vertical position. I could feel his cock reaching even the greater depths than before. With every down stroke, his pelvis noisily slammed into me.

"Ohhhhhhhh ... god ... mom." He was gasping for air.

"Fuck me ... honey ... fuck me ... fuck me hard!" I cried with extreme lust. My hips pushed upward taking my son deep with each lunge. "Yess ... yess ... God! ... ohhhh ... yes."

"Mom ... I can't hold off ... any longer! ... ahhh ... I'm gonna shoot!" He wailed loudly.

My hands reached out and clutched his ass in a tight grip.

"Shoot it ... shoot it honey." I bore my fingers into his naked ass. "Cum in me son. Shoot it deep into me ... Mom's ready to take your seed."

"Yes mom ... here it comes..." He groaned and lunged forward, his ass muscles clenched. "I'm cummmmmmmmiiiiiinnnnggggg."

I felt as his body became tense and suddenly the floodgate opened. His cock erupted in short bursts filling my pussy with his hot semen. the intensity of his ejaculation triggered my own climax. I cried and tightened my pussy lips around his cock sucking every drop of his sweet nectar into my ravenous cavity. His hot jism gushed into my pussy.

Fred collapsed on top of me. His cock was still shooting but the force was subsiding. Slowly, it ceased completely. We remained locked together. I could feel his cock shrinking inside my pussy. After a while, he tried to move off me, but I stopped him. I didn't want him to pull out of me. I liked the feel of his body on top of mine.

"Oh, Fred," I whispered slowly recovering from the wildest fuck we had just experienced. "That was fantastic."

He looked up at me, and he grinned.

"What so funny about this?" I grinned back at him.

"Nothing mom," He was still smiling. "Can't really believe ... I actually fucked you."

"Yes ... honey," A gave him an amorous look. "you've just become a motherfucker."

"I always wanted to be." He withdrew his cock. This time, I didn't stop him. His cock came out with a soft slushy sound. Fred took a deep breath, rolled off my body and lay beside me. His hot cum that was plugged inside due to his cock suddenly oozed out of my pussy, slowly drooling along my anal crack.

I rolled on my side, propped my head on my palm and faced my son.

"Yes ... mom?" He could see the question in my eyes.

"Now tell me." I asked in a serious tone. "Who taught you how to fuck like that ... no lies."

"What lie ... I just..."

"You lied that you're a virgin. Now tell me who's teaching you ... Linda?"

He gave me a wicked smile.

"I was a virgin ... mom ... it's not a lie and you just took my virginity." He grinned moving close to me. He stuck his tongue out and ran it over my lips and whispered. "But yes I'm taking lessons from someone. Some practical lessons."

His eyes sparkled with mischief.

"Who?" I was suddenly curious.

"Guess mother ... who it could be."

"Stop playing games and tell me."

"It's ... it's ... ugh..." He cleared his throat. "it's you mother..."

I stared at him incredulously. "Is it some kind of joke... ?"

"I knew you won't believe ... but let me show you something." He jumped off the bed and went over to the corner of the room, to the door that connected my bedroom with his room. I watched him curiously as he carefully removed a big pinup pinned to the door.

Then he turned and gestured.

"Come here..."

I climbed down and went near to him. I didn't know what he was trying to show me. I stood by him and gave him a puzzled look.

"Look here ... mom." He pointed toward a narrow slit in the door. "just look."

I sank down to my knees, bringing my face level with the slit in the door and placed my eyes over it.

"Good heavens... !" I choked with surprise. I was staring into my own bedroom, and directly at my big size master bed. If Fred had been spying through that slit he must have seen my husband and me fucking ... god knows how many times.

"How long ... this been going on." I lifted my eyes off the slit and looked at my son who was kneeling beside me, smiling.

"Eighteen months..." He smiled lecherously. "Eighteen months and ten days ... to be precise."

I watched him incredulously.

"I've seen everything..." He continued. "Every time when dad fucked you, every time you sucked his cock and drank his cum, every time he licked your pussy ... I know he hasn't fucked you for quite sometime. I watch you every time you masturbate."

My face turned red. A sharp wave of lust swept through my pussy. The shear knowledge that every occasion of my fuck sessions were witnessed by my own son drove me wild with lust. My cum drenched pussy lips throbbed violently.

"I knew when you're spying on me and then watched you when went back to masturbate in your room." His lips spread in a wide smile. "Every day."

Stunned, I looked at him. "You bastard. It was a set up. You knew I was watching."

"Not exactly ... I knew you were horny so when I saw you going out to backyard," He winked at me. "I just adjusted the curtains and wished that you'd peek inside. I'm happy that you did."

I stood.

"Jesus ... Fred you planned to seduce me."

"No ... I didn't. I just wanted you to watch me whack my cock like I watched you fucking and playing with your pussy. But yes I wanted to fuck you and I wished that after watching me you'd like to fuck me." He was still in kneeling position. He moved close to my wet thighs; smelled the whiff and said. "Thanks mom ... for letting me fuck your gorgeous pussy."

He stuck his tongue out and licked my cum soaked labia. He ran his tongue over my wet thighs and slit licking the juices sticking there. Waves of passion began to shook my body. My legs started shivering. I thought I would collapse on the floor.

His tongue was busy lapping my pussy. Notwithstanding the fact that my cunt was still filled with his own cum, he licked it fervently eating every iota of our juices sticking to my pussy lips and the thick moss of hair covering it.

My head became dizzy. Dave had never eaten me after a fuck. It was entirely a new experience. He must've learnt it from somewhere else, probably from his porn movies. I watched in amazement as he slurped at my cunt.

"Honey ... lets go to the bed." I spoke in a choked voice. My legs were shaking violently. It was getting difficult for me to remain standing. "And make love to me again."

Fred didn't waste any time. He immediately got up. We quickly climbed up on the bed. I lay on the bed spread eagle. But he pushed me to roll on my side. He positioned himself behind me and lifted my right leg high. And then the bulbous head of his cock nudged at my swollen lips. He was readying to fuck me from behind.

I squealed with delight. He was trying to fuck me in one of my favorite position. I always loved to fucked in doggy style and it was a variation of it. His cock spread at my labia and with a gentle thrust his tool easily slipped inside me.

My whole body shivered with obscene joy as he fucked my steaming pussy from behind.

"Ohhhh ... give it to me, honey," I began pushing my hips backward, making my pussy take his prick deeper. I could feel his cock fucking deeper and deeper into my horny pussy. And then it reached a place in her cunt that had never been touched before. Fred kept pushing his cock deeper into my eager pussy.

"Aaahhh, yes, fill me with it" I was sobbing with lust and passion working my pussy muscles over his cock causing it to tighten more strongly around his cock.

"Aaaahhh" He sighed. "Yeah, that's great, mom"

He slid his cockhead all the way back to my pussy lips, paused, and then fucked his prick forward. I thrust my hips back to meet him. Again I felt the magnificent sensation of having my cunt touched at a spectacular depth, a sensation of being overwhelmingly full. I worked my cunt muscles again, and my swampy pussy grabbed his cock even more strongly.

He kept fucking me and our bodies moved in unison. I reached down and touched the joint where his cock was penetrating my pussy. I loved the sensation. It was so amazing to feel my own son's cock filling me so majestically. I began to rub my inflamed clit. Fred sensed my fingers over his cock; he began plundering my pussy with his gigantic tool.

I could feel another orgasm whirling inside me.

"Aaaiiieeee... ! Fred ... honey." I wailed loudly. "Oooohhh, Jesus, you're making me cum ... again ... aaahhh, aaahhh, uuunnnhhh!"

I wiggled my ass luxuriously against his belly, then began pumping my hips faster. Fred speeded up the strokes of his stiff cock. His one hand was still keeping my right leg lifted in the air and he was panting with effort. But he fucked me mercilessly, without any pause. He was still drawing his prick-head back to my pussy lips before burying his cock in my seething cunt again.

"Uunnhh! I love it, mom ... it's so amazing." He grunted.

"Aaahhh, yes!" I cried like a horny slut, speeding up my hips again. "Tear me apart, you bastard! Fuck me faster!"

He shortened his strokes and fucked me faster, pulling only half of his prick out of my sizzling cunt before ramming his cock all the way back into me. I replied with quickening the pace of my grinding ass to match his rhythm. I was grunting blissfully every time his cockhead smacked into the deepest part of my pussy.

"Oooooo! I'm cumming!" I howled mindlessly as tickling sensation began to grow inside my cunt. It struck me like a tornado, one after another, each one wilder and stronger than the last, and I lost count of them as ecstasy overwhelmed me.

"Aaahhhhhhhh! Mommy, I'm gonna shoot!" Fred shouted as he kept fucking his prick into my sweltering pussy. He gave a final thrust and his blazing jism started gushing into me.

"Aaaiiiii!" I was wailing with rapture as his seed began to fill my womb with a delightful ecstasy. "Yeesss! Ooohh, God, I love the way you're cumming inside me! Aaaaahhhhh, uuuuhnnhh, shoot it to me! Aaaahhh!"

He erupted again and again, filling my hungry pussy with his heavenly gift. My cunt throbbed and griped his cock, sucking every drop of his jism. My pussy milked his cock greedily until his balls were drained.

Fred let go my leg. It fell on the bed with a heavy sound. He didn't try to take out his dick off my pussy. He slipped his one arm under my head and threw his other arms around my body pressing his sweating body into my back. His hands cupped my heaving tits and he gently kneaded my nipples. I rested my head over his shoulder and enjoyed the wonderful feeling of tranquil after a magnificent fuck.

"Mom..." He brought his lips close to my ears and whispered heavily. "it was great mom ... you're a great fuck."

"Thanks honey." I turned my face and kissed his sweaty lips. "I never felt so great ... thanks for making me so happy."

I could feel his cock shrinking. It slipped out of my drenched pussy and rested over my thighs. His cum oozed out of my pussy and began to soak my thighs. I made no attempt to rise and lay snuggled to my son, his flaccid cock gently pressing into the crack of my ass.

Fred squeezed my tit, bent his head and kissed me on my cheek.

"I love you mom."

I rolled in his arm, my body now pressed against his, my tits crushed against his chest, his slick cock gently rubbing against my soaked bush.

"You must be tired darling," My hands reached out and I stroked his limp cock. "When can you make it ready again? Mommy wants to fuck you all night long."

He smiled, slipped his two fingers into my juicy, wet slit. He looked at me with a devilish grin on his handsome young face.

"Why don't we find out?" He spoke with a grin, finger-fucking my hot hole.
"No ... we'll sleep now." I kissed him gently on his lips while squeezing his soft dick. "But I want it ready in the morning."

"You wont be disappointed, Mom." He smiled.