Home | Ian Sinclair's Page - Settings
Mum Wore Stockings That Night
by Ian Sinclair
Copyright© 2005 by Ian Sinclair
?

I am a typical 17 year old boy. Up until recently, the biggest decision in my life had been choosing my 'A' level subjects. I live alone with my Mum who has been divorced for about 5 years. She doesn't often go out on dates but last week she did. On leaving the house I was told 'not to wait up'. I heard her come in just after midnight and go straight to her room. I lay awake and heard her sobbing gently as our rooms are next to each other. I got up to see what was wrong... as I approached her door, about to knock, I realised that it was not properly shut. I peered through the crack and saw her sitting at her dressing table with her back to me. I hesitated and watched. She then got up and undid the zip of her blue dress. It fell down on to the floor revealing my Mum standing in high heels, black suspenders, sheer stockings and a black lace WonderBra. I know this sounds daft, but I had never really looked at mum as a sex object before. I got an instant erection and continued to watch whilst she peeled off all her clothes until she was naked. My Mum is 41 yrs old, about 5ft 4" with wonderful 36c breasts, and although not slim, she certainly isn't overweight.

Basically, ever since seeing her, I was filled with horny thoughts about getting her into bed. I had never had a proper girlfriend and had no idea how to go about this. I was terrified she would be angry with me if I did something, although, I knew she was lonely, and very sexy. After that night I also went through her drawers to look at her underwear and discovered a small vibrator - this had been driving me crazy for 2 months now but I was so scared of making a move.

Last week was my 18th birthday. I went out with a crowd of friends to celebrate but my mum asked if she could cook me a special birthday dinner the next night. We both sat down at the table where my mum began serving out my favourite food - Roast lamb with lots of trimmings. She poured us red wine, as 'I was old enough now'. As we were chatting, it happened. As she stretched out for more potatoes, whilst bringing her arm back, her bracelet caught her wine glass and tipped the red liquid all over her skirt. Without thinking, she jumped up, unzipped the skirt, and ran over to the sink and started dabbing it with whatever you use to get wine stains out. I was transfixed - there was my mum, standing at the sink with her silk blouse now hanging loosely around her hips, with her gorgeous legs encased with tan stockings held up with a white suspender belt. She was quietly cursing herself for her carelessness, not noticing that I was staring at her. As I said earlier, I had sexual thoughts of mum since 1st seeing her some weeks back in her bedroom and this was really fuelling my desires. Eventually after a few minutes, she turned around and saw me staring at her. Startled, I said 'any luck with the stain?'. She said it looked worse than it was and would probably come out in the wash. She went out to the utility room and I could hear her load it into the washing machine. To my surprise, she came back in and sat down still just in her stockings & suspenders. It was a real effort not to stare at her legs. She said that she hoped I wasn't embarrassed at her not replacing her skirt but she couldn't be bothered going upstairs to change. I said not at all - 'its just that I couldn't help noticing you looking at my legs', she said.

I remembered the advice I had read a while back given on an incest web site in not treating my mum as 'a lay' but as a woman. I decided to see what reaction mild flirting would get me. 'Well, you have such great legs its hard not to stare'. 'What, me? Maybe when I was your age but I'm a lot older now... ' 'I don't care what your age is, you still have a great pair of sexy legs', I had never taken this tone with my mum before and was nervous on what her reaction would be. 'You're just saying that', she said smiling, 'but thank-you'. She placed her hand on my thigh and gave it an affectionate squeeze. Her hand stayed there for a few moments lightly stroking my leg. I thought I was going to explode, but I just kept thinking of the consequences if my obsession allowed me to make the wrong move.

She asked me if I had met any nice girls whilst I was out last night celebrating. I told her that there had been a few girls in the group but none were as good looking as she was. (yes, I know this was blatant). As I looked down, I noticed that some of the red wine had spilt on the hem of her blouse - 'dam', she said and went through the same routine as her skirt. I heard her stop the machine, and add the blouse to it.

Again she came back without going upstairs to change. Now, she sat beside me wearing only her white lacy bra, white knickers, white lace suspender belt, tan stockings and her black high heels. My heart was racing. 'Lets see if we can finish this meal without me spilling anything else!' she said. During the meal, we touched each other frequently, but casually, just a touch on the arm, a light pat on the leg. During desert, we laughed at something, and I patted her on her thigh, I consciously kept my hand on her leg and could feel the suspender clip under my palm, stocking top on the tips of my fingers, and bare skin on the base of my hand. I pressed slightly hard and must have kept my hand there for a couple of minutes, fully expecting either to be told to move it, or for her to remove it herself. Then, I felt her moving her leg closer to me, on glancing down, I saw that she had spread her legs slightly and I could clearly see the triangle of lace between her thighs.

I was in totally unchartered waters here, but was pretty sure I could blame anything on the amount of wine we had both had. I slid my hand over slightly with my little finger grazing the front of her knickers. Again, she made no effort to stop me. I started to rub very gently and she stopped talking. I could see that her breathing had got a bit heavier and her eyelids were gently closing. I started to exert more pressure and eventually eased my whole hand over and could feel her wetness clearly on my fingers. I was so nervous I was trembling. Both my mums' hands were resting on the table, almost bracing herself. Her eyes were now closed and she was gently moving her hips rhythmically mirroring the pressure of my hand. Her nipples were poking through the lace of her bra and I just couldn't help myself touching the right one with my free hand. I rubbed it gently with my thumb and forefinger. My mums breathing got heavier and her tongue started to lick her lips. This continued for about 4/5 minutes. My cock was so hard and I wasn't really sure on what to do next. Just as I was about slip my hand totally inside her knickers, she clasped her thighs tight together - her eyes opened, and she suddenly got up. 'My god, what am I doing' she said and ran up to her bedroom. I really panicked. After a while, I went upstairs and knocked on her door - there was no answer. I left it and went to bed. The next morning, my mum acted as if nothing had happened and after a further 4 days I was at my wits end.

What do I do now - I obviously want to re-initiate things but I don't want to jeopardise our relationship and have her throw me out. I'm confused and worried... Can you have a sexual relationship with your mum and still have her stay your mum?

Yesterday, mum came in from work as usual and went upstairs. Normally she's changed and down within 15/20 minutes. After 1/2 hour, I wondered what was keeping her as I was fairly hungry and was waiting for her before eating. I went upstairs and knocked gently on her door. 'Come in honey, I'm glad you came up', she said. I opened the door and saw her sitting at her dressing table. She looked incredible, again in stockings, black this time, complete with sexy suspenders and a black wonderbra. Her black high heel shoes had an almost wet glisten to them. She had draped over her shoulders a thin see-through wrap around negligee.

I closed the door behind me and sat down on the edge of the bed. She turned around and faced me. 'Honey', 'yes mum' I said. 'I've been thinking a lot about what happened at your Birthday dinner - it should not have happened, I totally blame myself. I feel even more guilty because I enjoyed it, even though it was very wrong.' I wasn't sure which way this conversation was going. She was condemning our previous actions yet, she was dressed to kill. It was time to go for broke. 'mum... ', 'yes', 'is it so wrong to want to be with someone you love', 'of course not, but you are my son'. 'I know, but I love you with all my heart, I also think you are the sexiest lady on the planet, and want you to be the one to take my virginity'.

'Oh honey', she said caringly with her head slightly tilted. This is where I thought I was going to get my marching orders. But then she got up and sat beside me. She seductively crossed her legs, the swish of her stockings made me glance down at her legs. She looked at me for what seemed like forever but was probably just a minute. Then she caressed my face with the back of her hand and said 'this is just so wrong... '. She tenderly took my right hand and placed it onto her left breast. (I was now confident that she would not reject any advances I now made). I softly massaged her breast, feeling her nipple beneath me getting very hard. I then slipped off the negligee from her shoulders, then peeled down the two bra straps. I scooped out her left breast, bent my head down, and started to swirl my tongue around her nipple before suckling gently on it. It was the most beautiful sensation I had ever had. I know she had breast fed me, but having her large tender nipple now in my mouth was the most erotic feeling.

If it had stopped there, I would still have had enough memories to last me a lifetime of jerking off.

As I suckled her nipple, I massaged her right breast. I then slipped the lace material of her bra cup down, I looked at the large round brown area surrounding her nipple and started to lick and suck the other breast. My mum was pulling my head towards her and was making very sensuous groaning noises. I started to take control and gently pushed mum down on the bed. I placed her hand on the front of my jeans and she unbuttoned the waistband and started to unzip me. She then rolled over and pulled my jeans off after me removing my trainers. She rubbed my hard cock through my boxers then pulled them off me too. I rolled on top of mum, my mind buzzing, my heart pounding. Her legs were now spread wide beneath me and I noticed she was still wearing her heels. Whilst cupping her breasts and occasionally moving my hands feeling the cool skin above her silky lace stocking tops, I kissed her on her mouth. She started to make soft murmuring noises, parted her lips and slid her tongue along my lips. It was so soft and wet, and then she darted it in and out of my mouth - We must have kissed for around 5 minutes before our faces parted.

I then started pressing my cock down in between her legs. I could feel it rubbing against the wet lace of her knickers. Each time I pressed down, I could feel my cock pushing her knickers slightly further inside her. Then, she reached down, and slid the delicate material to one side.

The next time I pressed down, my cock found its way into to her beautiful soaking cunt. Her hips pressed hard back against mine. Mum's groan was that loud that I thought I had hurt her. She could see this in my face and said reassuringly, 'that feels so good honey', and confirmed this by hugging me harder. I'm afraid that after only a few thrusts, I came very quickly. I lay on top of mum with my cock still inside her. She lay there, stroking my hair with her fingers, her legs still wrapped around me. We then both lay on our sides looking at each other - I couldn't resist bending my head forward and started to suck on her erect nipples again. She put her hand on the back of my head holding me to her breast.

She then did something that was the most erotic thing I have ever seen in my life. Mum reached down with her right hand and started to softly rub her cunt. (I had seen a woman wanking herself before on a porn video but this was just so different). As she rubbed, my head was being pressed tighter to her breast. I could feel her hand rubbing quicker in time with her moaning. I could also feel her leg clamp round me even tighter and her high heel was tapping the back of my leg. One of her suspender clips was rubbing into my side and I could hear the squelching noise her hand was making with her cunt juices. After a few minutes of this varying in intensity, she dug her nails into my back and finally screamed out when she orgasmed. Tears came down my face for a minute due to the intense emotion I was feeling. She brought her wet hand back up, pushed the moisture from my eyes, and gave me the most intense smile. We made love all night, with pauses in between spent just staring and hugging each other, until exhausted, falling asleep in each others arms at around 4am.

I love my mum so much, I can't wait for her now coming home from work. I feel absolutely elated. I really love this beautiful woman, both emotionally, and now physically. We are both adults, and I know our relationship is socially unacceptable and taboo, but if you could feel the same way I felt when making love to her, you would not condemn us for a second.
Your opinion is important:
Share with the others what you think about
"Mum Wore Stockings That Night"
     
Switch to Expanded voting form
The End
Posted: 2005-05-17
Home | Top | Ian Sinclair's Page |   Feedback to author
