My Birthday Surprise Ch. 01
bySpankerSam©

Part 1: Taking Mom to Dinner!

It was my 19th birthday and I was home from college. Mom had met me at the door and given me a big hug and an even bigger package. She laughed as I opened one box after another to get to the one holding my present. Mom sat on the sofa laughing at me, as I ripped off wrapping after wrapping.

By the time I got to the present I had opened 4 other boxes. Each one smaller than the last one was! But inside the one holding my present, were two beautiful silk shirts. I kissed mom's cheek, and thanked her. Even though I knew that mom didn't exactly like these shirts, she assured me that she had picked them out herself.

Mom and I sat in the living room. We talked about this and that. Mostly about college life and how I had adjusted to it. I couldn't help looking at mom. And each time I did my heart swelled with pride. She had raised me by herself, and had worked real hard to put me in college. My good grades helped and I got a few grants also.

I tried not to wince each time mom smiled at me. She had a bad burn on the left side of her face. I was the cause of that burn. Well, I mean, it was because of me that she had gotten burned. And when she healed, the way the skin pulled tight gave her an appearance that caused some people to look away.

I knew this hurt her feelings and she didn't go out too often. I don't remember mom having a boyfriend after her accident. But I do remember that sometimes I would hear her in her room pleasing herself. She saw me smiling at her and subconsciously took her long hair and pushed it to hide her scar.

My heart tightened up and I wanted to hold her right then and there. Other than the scar, she was a real good-looking woman. She was about 5'2" and I towered over her at 5'10. She weighted a tiny 140 and I was close to 200.

Mom asked me if I would like a drink to celebrate my birthday. I said sure, the only other time I drank with her was on special occasions. Well, mom took out the rum and we had some rum and coke. One drink led to two, which led to more. As we drank, we talked. And the conversation turned to her burn.

I told mom how ashamed I was that my carelessness had disfigured her so. I told her that if I could I would take the scar for my own. She laughed and said that the scar reminded her that she had saved her son from a bad fire. That it was a fire I caused didn't make me feel any better.

Then she began to ask me about my friends on campus. Especially about the girls I went around with. I hemmed and hawed, trying not to show too much as I answered her questions. "I hope you're spending more time in your books than with some hot floozy! And if you are running around, I hope you're using protection."

I laughed. Mom always called women floozies. "Ahh, mom! You know there isn't a woman out there I could love more than you?"

Mom laughed. "It's not your lovin them I worry about. I just don't want you bringing some girl home, telling me that she's pregnant."

I swallowed the rest of my drink. This was not a conversation I felt comfortable talking to my mom about. I'm not the best looking guy on campus. But I do have a nice size dick and that got me a lot of girls and attention. But I didn't want mom to know that.

"Ahh mom, I wouldn't do that. You're too young to be a grandma." Mom drank down the rest of her drink and held the glass out for me to refill. I did her glass and my own.

"Don't try and fool me, young man. I used to bath you. I know how big you must be and that the girls would love to enjoy something that size."

I had been handing her the glass and sipping on my own when she said this. I began to choke as the drink went down the wrong way. "Mom!" Mom looked at me and laughed. I think the liquor was beginning to hit her harder than it did me.

"Jeffrey! You were big as a small boy. And you matured fast. I had to stop giving you baths cause you would get hard and get embarrassed." I turned my head when she said this. I remembered my first fantasy about my mom. And even with the burn on her face, I still remembered how pretty she looked in her housecoat. And she still looked pretty to me. Then mom laughed out loud. "I used to hear you jerking off in your room. Boy! The things you said when you thought no one was home."

This time I had to sit down. Back then most of my fantasies were about mom. I looked at mom with a hope that she wouldn't say what I knew she would. And when she saw the look on my face, she burst out laughing. "Oh Jeff! You should see your face."

I didn't want to. I knew what it would look like. "Mom! I was a kid then. You know, just finding out about sex." I could hear her laughing. And I got mad. She was laughing in my face and I felt like a kid again. I felt hurt and I wanted to hurt her back.

"So! I heard you too! I heard you in your room late at night when you thought I was asleep." Suddenly mom's face changed. She looked at me and began to cry. Now I really felt like a shit. "Ahh mom! I'm sorry. I didn't mean it."

I got up and sat down next to her. It felt so awkward putting my arms around her to comfort her. After all, this was my mom, not some crying coed. I pulled mom closer to me. She felt like a little girl in my arms.

"Mom, I'm sorry. I didn't mean to hurt you. I just didn't like you laughing at me." Mom was sobbing softly. I could guess I must have really hurt her feelings. Mom sniffed back her tears, then reached out and took her glass. She drank it down in one gulp.

"I'm sorry Jeffie. I don't cry too easy any more. But it's been rough since, well you know?" I let mom go and picked up my own drink.

"You haven't had a boyfriend since the accident, have you mom?

Mom poured her glass half full of straight rum and sipped it. I knew that she had had enough and should stop. But I didn't dare stop her. Mom looked at me and brushed the hair from the side of her face. "Look at me Jeffie! Would you go to bed with someone who looked like this?"

I stared directly at her scar then at her face. "You're my mom. And you got that scar cause I got careless in the kitchen. But if I were a man, I'd go to bed with you in a minute. That scar doesn't take away your looks, just the beauty of your face."

Mom slurped her drink. "Yea, sure! I know all about you Jeffie. I saw the size of your dick the last time you were home. There's no way you would fuck a scar-faced bitch like me." I could hear the hurt in her voice. And the frustrations too. "You got your looks. And you are one good-looking boy. I bet all the girls want you to fuck them. But men don't want to go out with me. Nobody wants to go out with the scar-faced freak."

I grabbed mom's hands and held them. "I'd go out with you mom. In fact, I want to take you out tomorrow. Not just to some rinky-dink restaurant, I want to take you out to a fancy restaurant and some dancing."

I kissed my mom and took the drink from her hands. Then I helped her up and steered her to her room. I helped mom sit on her bed. She did have a lot to drink and I could see that she would not be able to undress herself.

I helped mom get her shoes off. Then I unzipped her dress. When it slipped off her shoulders, I felt my dick begin to come alive. I told her that I would fix breakfast for her in the morning. Then I left the room and went into my room. By now, my dick had grown into a full-blown hardon. I tossed and turned trying to go to sleep. Then knowing it was a lost cause, I did the one thing I knew would make me relaxed enough to sleep.

I lay in my bed with the covers thrown back. My hand was slowly working up and down my hard shaft. I tried to think about some of the girls I had fucked up at school. But the face that kept coming to mind, was my mom's face. She would look at me as she slowly undressed. Then she would turn her face for me to see her scar.

"Would you still fuck me, Jeffie?" But instead of her scar turning me off, I felt my dick grow even harder. My dick throbbed as I saw her naked body in my mind. I told her that I would fuck her. I just didn't realize that I had said the words out loud.

"Yes mom! I want to fuck you. I want you to feel every inch of me as I fuck you. I want to taste you. Make you scream as I fuck you. I want to take you in every hole you have. Yes mom! Suck it! Get on your knees and let me fuck you hard and deep.' My hand must have been a blur as I stroked my dick long and hard. My pre-cum made my hand slippery and my fist glided up and down my thick shaft easy.

Then suddenly, I felt my balls tighten. A steady stream of hot, thick cum shot from my dick and landed on my stomach. I kept jerking my dick as I came. "That's it mom! Suck it all. Now let me fuck you." I lay there breathing hard. I barely heard the soft click of my door as it closed. My head snapped over to look. Ah shit! Mom was in my room looking at me. Did I say those words out loud?

I wanted to get up and go to her room. But I didn't dare move. I was so embarrassed. Just like when she told me she had listened to me as a kid. Suddenly, the cum that had landed on my stomach, felt cold and slimy. I got up and softly opened my door. Mom's bedroom door was closed. I remember that I had left it open. As I walked pass her room to the bathroom, I could hear her voice.

"Yes Jeffie! Oh yes! Make love to me! Fuck me Jeffie! Oh your dick is so big! Oh it's going in so deep!" I could hear the soft whirring of her vibrator. I placed my ear to her door, my hand on the doorknob. I tried to turn it slowly but it was locked. Then I heard her cry as she came. I hurried to the bathroom and took a quick shower. Then I went back to my room. It was hard to get to sleep. I tossed and turned for what seemed like half the night. When I awoke, I could smell the coffee and bacon.

I put on my robe and went down stairs to the kitchen. Mom was at the stove, turning the eggs. We looked at each other and quickly looked away. Mom poured me a cup of coffee. But when I asked her to sit with me, she just put my plate down and said she had to go shopping.

She turned and looked at me. "Would you still like to take me to dinner and dancing tonight, Jeffie?" I looked at my mom. The look in her eyes told me she wanted me to say yes. But was afraid I would say no. I picked up a piece of toast.

"Will you wear something real sexy? I want every other man who looks at you to get jealous."

Mom was still smiling as she went out of the house and started up the old car she rode around in. I knew I had plans to make. I called the most expensive restaurant I knew and made reservations for two. Then I called a car rental place and ordered a nice shiny car. If I was gonna take my mom out, it would be in style.

I knew of a place outside of town that was intimate and had dancing on the weekend. By the time mom came home, I had all my plans in place. Mom had an armload of boxes, but when I asked to see what she had bought, she slapped my hand away and told me I had to wait till we went out. We went about things trying to appear normal. But both of us felt the growing tension, as it grew dark.

I showered then put on my jeans and sweatshirt. I had already placed my clothes in the rented car. I told mom that I had to go out, but would be back in an hour. She was to be dressed and ready when I came back. Mom said that I didn't give her much time. I laughed and told her to be ready or else.

I went out the door and she looked at me as I started up her car and drove off. The time spent dressing, went slow. By the time I was ready to pick her up, my stomach felt like I had frogs in it jumping around. But I drove the shiny rented car up to the house and got out.

I rang the doorbell and mom opened the door. She gasped as she looked at me. But her reaction was nothing to compare with mine. Mom was dressed in a low cut short black evening dress. Her long hair shined in the light. She had arranged it to cover her scar. She wore black stockings and a pair of black high heels. But it was the way her dress fit her that had my mouth open. It was cut so low, that it barely covered her nipples. And she looked good enough to eat. I stepped inside and handed her the bouquet of flowers I had bought.

"Mom! You look absolutely fantastic!"

Mom put her hand to my cheek. "Tonight, my name is Jennifer. Or is this a date between a son and his mom?" She had such a sweet daring to her voice. She wanted to know how I would treat her. I decided that if I were taking her out as a woman, I would treat her as one.

I kicked the door closed and pulled her to me. Mom hesitated at first then came into my arms. I held her close and looked into her eyes. Then I kissed her. It was not a son like kiss on her cheeks, I bent my head and my lips touched hers.

I kissed my mom the way I had kissed a lot of girlfriends I ended up fucking. Mom melted into my arms and I heard a soft moan escape her lips, as our tongues mixed. When the kiss broke, both of us were breathing hard. I held her close. "Damn, Jennifer! I could fuck you right here."

Mom laughed. "Oh no! You don't get off taking me out that easy! You promised me dinner and dancing. Or are you ashamed to be seen with me?" She brushed the hair away and her scar stood out boldly. She was daring me to say no. I kissed her again. And this time I let my hands roam up and down her back. When I rubbed her ass, mom leaned into me and moaned again.

"Keep that up and we may not get to dinner. And I really want to go out tonight." I laughed and as mom put the bouquet in water, I got her good coat out of the closet. When mom saw the car, she hugged me tight. When we got to the restaurant, I held her chair as she sat down. Dinner was fantastic. Mom couldn't stop smiling. All during dinner she smiled at me. And a few times she leaned over and kissed me. A few people did see her scar and they turned away. But I was proud to be with her.

After dinner, we walked from the restaurant to the car, arm in arm. I opened the door for mom and couldn't help staring at her legs as she swung them inside. When I got in, I got ready to turn the key. Mom put her hand over mine. I turned to look at her. She took me in her arms and kissed me. I put my arms around her and kissed her back. Then I felt her hand drop to the front of my pants. Mom started to lightly rub me and I felt my dick begin to grow. My hand dropped to her leg and I slowly rubbed it.

Mom moaned softly, as she felt me grow even more. And my hand slipped further up her thigh, beneath her dress. When they reached the top of her stocking, I felt bare skin. Mom opened her thighs and I felt her move down a bit more on the seat. My dick had grown to a full hardon. And mom was stroking her fingers up and down the outline in my pants.

My hand slipped up to her panty crotch. When I touched it, mom gasped. The crotch of her panty was wet. "I'm wet, Jeffie! I've been thinking about you all day. I heard you in your room. I want you to fuck me just like you said you would."

My fingers burrowed into her panty and her pussy was shaved. Shaved and dripping wet already! "Yes Jeffie! See how wet you have me already? And this dick seems so big. I'm not sure I will be able to take it all." Mom humped my fingers as I fucked her pussy with them. Then I pulled my fingers free and sucked them. Mom's eyes seemed glazed over as she watched me. Then she giggled. "You tasted me, now it's my turn." I took a quick look around the parking lot as she unzipped my pants. We had parked in the back and it was kind of dark.

Mom bent over and this time I was the one to gasp. Mom's mouth was the most delicious thing I ever felt surround my dick. I stroked her head as she slowly worked her mouth up and down on me. Then my hands found her scar. I rubbed it and traced the outline.

"Oh yes! Suck it! Oh shit! Your mouth feels so good!" Mom groaned as she deep-throated my dick. She held herself there then lifted up and looked at me.

"Damn! I haven't done that in a long time. I was sure I would choke on this horse dick of yours. But now I won't want to go dancing. I would rather go home and dance on the end of this delicious dick."

I laughed as I kissed her again. Mom stroked my dick as I kissed her. "No Jennifer! I promised you dancing and dance we will." I tucked my hard dick in my pants and started the car. We went to the place and you could hear the music outside.

Mom was kind of hesitant. I knew she was self-conscious about her scar. But I kissed her at the door and my hand brushed her hair so anyone looking could see her scar. Then hand in hand we went inside. Mom is a terrific dancer and she taught me well.

We danced to both the slow and fast records and at one point when we got back to the table, a good looking guy came over. "Excuse me! Could I have this dance with your lady?" I looked up at him and then at mom. His smile was genuine as he smiled at her. "Yea! Go ahead!"

I smiled as he led mom out to the dance floor. And they did indeed look good as they twirled back and forth. The way mom's hair flew out to the side, I knew that the guy could see her scar. But he didn't act like it mattered. And she laughed and loved every minute of it. When the dance was over, he brought her back to our table.

"Thank you! She is as lovely a woman, as she is a fantastic dancer." A slow record came on and I grabbed mom and we took to the dance floor. I held her in my arms and she felt fantastic. "Damn, Jennifer! You smell good enough to eat. And you feel fantastic pressed against me. I can't help but stay hard for you."

Mom laughed. "Well Jeffie, I hope you're this hungry later on? And from what I feel pressing against me, I can't wait to get you home."

Mom laughed as I pressed in even harder. "Oh don't worry, I love to take my time when I eat. And I will savor this dish with pleasure."

Mom was positively beaming. She leaned over to me and kissed me hard. "Oh Jeffie! I'm glad we came dancing. But I would really like to go home now. I want to thank you for such a fantastic night."

I paid for our drinks and we got up to leave. Two more guys came before us. "Aw, you're not going yet? We wanted to dance with you too." Mom laughed. "Maybe next time! Right now I have a very important meeting with my husband here. And I hope he's as impatient to get home as I am?" She looked at me and her eyes reflected her lust.

On the way home, mom unzipped my pants. "Did you like me calling you my husband, Jeffie?"

I laughed as I pushed her head down on my lap. "Suck my dick you horny wife of mine." Mom slowly worked her head up and down. Then she lifted her head up and looked at me. I could see my pre-cum around her mouth.

"Talk dirty to me Jeffie. That makes me so hot."

I laughed as I hugged her to me. "You nasty slut! I'm gonna tear your pussy up when we get home. So no more sucking my dick till I get you naked. And I'm gonna fuck every one of your holes when I do."

Mom squeezed my dick, then settled in against me. When we pulled up to the house, I opened the car door for mom. We walked up to the door and I opened it. Inside the house, I made sure the blinds were closed tight. Then I turned to mom. She was still standing in the center of the room. I went to her and kissed her.

Mom melted into my arms. I unzipped her dress and slipped the straps off her shoulders. The dress fell to the floor. Then came her slip. Mom had not worn a bra. The dress had its own cups. Mom stood in the middle of the living room in her panty, stockings and high heels. She looked at me and smiled.

"Do you approve?" She smiled at me and slowly turned around. I reached out and my hand caressed her soft tiny ass. I took her over to the big stuffed chair. I seated her and lifted her legs up on each side. Then I dropped to my knees.

"I've wanted to suck this pussy since I tasted it. So open up bitch! Let me lick you thru your panty." Mom moaned as she lay back in the chair. My tongue licked up and down the crotch of her panty. And moms moans grew louder, as she grew wetter. Then I licked against her clit. 


"Oh shit, Jeffie! That feels so good. It's been so long, so long."

I lifted my head and looked at her. "Not any more. From now on, whenever I want it, I'm gonna fuck your sweet pussy. And I'm gonna want it all the time." I reached in and pulled her panty aside. I licked her naked cunt. And mom humped her pussy up to meet my licking tongue.

"Oh you nasty fucker! Lick my pussy! Stick that tongue up my hot cunt!"

I reached up and massaged her tits. Then I captured her nipples. I pulled and twisted them as I licked her pussy. "Oh Jeffie! I hope you'll fuck me whenever I want it. And I have so much time to make up for."

Mom grabbed my head. "Jeffie! I'm cumming. Baby! I'm cumming!" Mom pulled my head hard against her cunt and I tongued her furiously as she humped my face and came in my mouth. And I slurped her like I never slurped any other woman.

Mom stopped shaking and I lifted my face from her cunt. She looked down at me and smiled. Then she pulled my face up to her. She licked her creme from my face then kissed me. I stood up and unzipped my pants. Mom's eyes followed my hand as I took it out. She licked her lips and smiled.

"Now mom! Show me how much you want this big dick. Suck it like you did in the car. Like you were a hungry slut!" Mom bent her head and licked around the swollen head. I slid my hands into her hair. "That's right mom! From now on, you're gonna wear sexy clothes whenever I'm around. I'm gonna transfer down here so I can fuck you all the time."

Mom lifted her head off my dick. "Jeffie! Your education comes first. You know that."

My hand twisted in her hair. "This pussy belongs to me now. You belong to me. Don't tell me what to do. Just suck that dick like I told you."

I was going crazy with my lust for her. I pulled her mouth back on my dick and this time when I pushed it deep, mom gagged. But I was too turned on to care. I unbuttoned my pants and pushed them down as she sucked me. Then I stepped out of them. I pulled off my jacket and unbuttoned my shirt. Mom had taken most of me in her mouth and I could feel her tongue along the side of me. I pulled her head off, then ripped her panties off her. Picking her up, I lifted her up to straddle me as I stood.

I grasped my dick and found the slit of her cunt. Then I pushed in. I was holding mom up and she had her legs wrapped around my waist. I was glad she was so small.

"Oh gawd! It's so big! Go slow, Jeffie. It's so big! And it's been so long since I had a real dick in me." I pushed the head in and mom groaned. "Jeffie! Please! We have to be very careful. If the neighbors found out, we'd both be in trouble." I pulled her down hard and mom screamed. Then I began to walk with her.

Going up the stairs, with her on me, was hard. But mom held onto me, as I held onto the railing. Walking with her seated on my dick drove it deeper up into her cunt. And mom grunted with each step. Inside her bedroom, I lifted her off me and gently lay her on the bed. "Now I will give you what we both have wanted for so long."