My Sister's Secret
bysaagar_manthan©

Written by Saagar, Comments are welcome through the link below.

My name is Saagar and I am 19 now. I'm belonging to high-class family living in high society area here in Bombay. My father is businessman and owning reputed company. My mother also well educated and working for one foreign company as a legal adviser. I have one older sister, Sangita who's 23 now.

I never really paid too much attention to my sister when we were growing up. She is four years older than I am, so we really never had anything in common. When she gone to the Banglore City five years earlier for studying in degree collage I was only 18, and concerned myself with normal teenage boy. One year before, After finishing Degree College in Banglore City, my sister returned back into our house. Father and mother worked six days a week, so for the most of the time, I was home alone after school every day. My sister attends a local college three-day week to finish her master degree, and worked few hours in one firm to get some experience and off course! to earn some money at her own. She used to come back home late in the evening.

At the age 18, all I could think about was sex. The first thing I noticed about my sister, Sangita, when she got back was the size of her breasts under her tight T-shirt. God! they were huge! And perfect! Her waist was so tiny I wondered how she supported her upper body. It was as though I was seeing her for the first time, though the last time I saw her was eight months before when she came back for wedding of her close girlfriend. Needless to say, she was beautiful. I was in amazement, (and a little embarrassed that I was getting a hard-on looking at my own sister, but I couldn't help it). When she hugged me and wrapped her arms around me, and pressed those beautiful perfect breasts against me, I almost came in my pants. I knew right then that my life was not going to be easy with Sangita being back.

My sister, Sangita had a body that was driving all boys and men crazy. To me, it was pure tease in my own home. All I could do since my sister had been back was jerk off, and think about her. I don't know how many gallons of cum I shot with Sangita didi in my fantasies. Dreaming about her wasn't all that I did. I lusted after her all day and nights. I tried to get glimpse of her naked flesh but she was very cautious around me. She never wears a short or thin gown, or anything that would show much to me. Forget about going to her room for a peek, because she kept it locked.

One day I was alone in the house. As usual I checked the lock on Sangita didi's bedroom door, as I did every day. Only this time it was open. I went into the room. Room was filled with expensive air freshener. Her dressing table was full with deferent creams, perfumes and so many things. It wasn't strange, as my sister is fashionable and wears make up all the time. I opened her cupboard and saw array of her sexy and expensive dresses. Some of them I haven't even seen on her. I imagined how she'd look in those sexy dresses. I found her sexy undergarments in one drawer. All of them were sexy. I wondered how she maintains such an expensive life style? From where she get money from all of this items. Sure father or mother wasn't giving her this much money to spend. I guess she afford this with her part time job.

I decided to masturbate with one of Sangita didi's bra and panties but all of them were washed and fresh. I then went to her bathroom to find out the one which she wear previous day. In the bathroom under her night gown one pink bra and panties were laying down. The mere sight of which drove me crazy. I immediately took off my clothes and got naked. I smelled crotch of her panties and then lick them. I wrap her bra around my hardening cock and started jerking off. Within a five minutes I came all over her huge bra, which I used as a towel to wipe cum off my cock.

After I got up and put my clothes back on, I looked around Sangita Didi's room for a little bit. Who knows when I would have an opportunity like that again? I casually checked her dressing table drawer and saw a bunch of pink tissue paper with perfume smell. I looked carefully that tissue paper and found name of one hotel on each one. I was surprised how she got this much tissue paper of particular hotel. Is she visiting this particular hotel frequently? If yes! Then why? With whom? Thousand questions click in my mind. I decided to find out. I took one of the tissue paper and came back to my room, because I knew she'd be home after some time.

I took telephone directory and tried to find out telephone number of that hotel. There were 5/6 telephone numbers with same hotel name. I called up those numbers one by one. Most of them were normal hotels situated in city but one hotel was far away in the suburb of Bombay and guy told me its kind of night club opening in the evening only. That particularly drove my attention to this hotel because Sangita didi was coming late every evening.

I noted down address and location of this hotel and decided to go there in the evening. I didn't have much else to do in the evening. I had a couple of friends, but I really didn't socialise much. Most of my recent nights were spent at home thinking of my sister anyway, so this would be an adventure. I had to go to this hotel to see what was going on.

I didn't have my own car. My parents have their own car and recently they present one car to Sangita didi. When I asked about my car they said that when I'd got 18 they'd give me one. For time being I use my sister's car occasionally, if she let me use it then only. Since that particular suburb area was far away from where we were living I decided to go by local train. I got down at that suburb railway station and took auto to go to that hotel. I talked with auto driver about that hotel. All he told me in that hotel there is one famous night-club and most of the dancer is from high society.

I got down near the night club. I got cigarette before entering in the hotel to make an impression that I'm used to go places like that. Even though I was just 14 I looked a lot older than my real age, so I didn't think I'd have a hard time getting in. I was right. The doorman didn't even looked at me. Any way they don't care as long as they get customer whether he's below the age or above. This was easier than I thought.

When I got inside, I saw at the end of the club there was one stage with one girl dancing on it. Table arrangement was made all around the stage and most of them were full. Place had been dim lighted but stage was brighten with spotlights. When I observed the place I found most of the peoples were males. Hardly one or two women were sitting in the public and from the look they looks like a low class or prostitute. I wonder what my sister will be doing in this place. I didn't know whether what time Sangita didi will come there or with whom she'll come or anything. I sat on the table far away from the stage and entrance trying to hide myself as much as I possibly could. Though I wasn't there to drink, I ordered the beer.

On the request of customer Deferent Hindi songs was playing and on the each song deferent girl would come on stage to perform. All girls were beautiful and sexy. They were wearing very exotic dresses for every song, dancing seductively. Customer was getting mad seeing every girls in sexy skimpy dresses and would throw money on them. My cock was throbbing at the sight of these gorgeous girls on the stage. I had never seen any half-nude girl before and now I was seeing dozens of beautiful girl in one room! Then for the next song I looked A beautiful, tall, girl stepped on to the stage. She started dancing on that song. When I observed face of this sexy girl I felt it familiar as I was sitting far away from the stage.

****

Oh shit! Oh shit! My suspicions were right. It was Sangita didi, my sister. I recognised her with that mole just above her upper lips. "How weird," I thought, my sister comes to this place as a CLUB DANCER. Being belongs to rich family why my sister doing this cheap club-dancing job? What on earth make her to do that? Whether she's doing this by own will or by force? Thousands questions came in mind within a second.

I was bit embarrassed seeing my sister like that. But my embarrassment disappeared as I watched her slowly dance seductively with that bikini type skimpy dress. To tell you truth! My mind filled with lust rather than shame. My cock got harder and harder inside my pants. Here my sister was showing her sexy body to whole world and I was trying to get glimpse of her body desperately for the long period, in spite of living in the same house. By the time song finished with her sexy steps, I thought I was going to explode! She left the stage and next girl stepped in.

I thought my Mother and father would freak out if they knew their daughter was doing this sort of thing! But I wasn't thinking about that at that moment. All I was thinking about how I'm going to use this big secret against Sangita didi. If she found out I knew her secret, I could basically get anything I wanted from her. But tomorrow if she denied it wasn't her, then? How she know I actually saw her here? I had to let her know I knew. I had to let her see me.

I waited for my sister to come again for her next performs. I already paid my bill etc. to walk out from the club. She came for next song and started dancing on the stage. In the middle of song, I walked up to the stage where she was dancing, and looked up at her. She didn't recognise me at first, so she looked down and smiled as if I'm one of the customers. Then she stopped short.

"Saagar??? Oh my God! What are you doing here!" (I read the question in Sangita didi's eyes). She was horrified to see me. I could see she didn't know what to do. She slow down her dance, her face was bright red with embarrassment and fear. I looked her from bottom to top and without a word, I turned and walked out of the club.

The train rides home seemed like an eternity. When I got back home at about 10 PM, I couldn't wait to get up to my room to jerk off! I couldn't stop thinking of Sangita didi now more than ever. She was an absolute goddess. Needless to say, I didn't get much sleep that night, tossing and turning, and thinking of those entire beautiful half-nude girls.

Next day when I woke up first thing came in my mind, Something was going to happen today, I thought. I didn't know what it was, but today was not going to be a normal day at my house, that was for sure.

My mother got up to go to work at 6:30am as usual, and left the house at 8:00. Father wasn't in the house, gone on his business tour. My mother wasn't gone more than 15 minutes, when I heard a knock at my bedroom door. I knew it was my sister. I'm sure she couldn't sleep either. "Come in didi" I said. Sangita didi opened the door slowly, and walked into the room wearing only a night gown. It was front open gown and as she walked her leg would expose from the front slit all the way up to thighs. Also it was thin enough to see that she was wearing nothing underneath, but at this point I think I was too nervous to get a hard-on. She walked over and sat on the side of my bed and I could she her nipple clearly visible through her dress. Nervous or not, this time I had a hard-on.

"Saagar, we need to talk," she said.

"OK, Didi, let's talk," I said.

"Saagar, please, PLEASE, don't say anything to mother and daddy about this! I need the money. It's the only way I can get that," Sangita didi said, practically begging me.

"But why you need to do that, Didi? Are you not getting pocket money from mother and daddy?"

"I'm getting. But that's not enough to maintain my expenses. You know very well how luxurious I am living. If I ask more money our parent won't give me that."

"How long you're doing this job? How you started this?" I asked curiously.

"It's been two year now," she replied.

"Two years? But you were not here since then, you were in Banglore before few months."

"Yes! That's right but I actually started dancing in the club when I was in banglore. Let me explain you everything. I was living in the hostel there and money, which our parent was sending me, wasn't enough for me at that time. As you know I was good dancer and participating many functions in the school and collage. One of my girlfriends told me about this night club dancing where she was also dancing. I went one day there and saw everything. I found nothing wrong in that so I started dancing there at that time."

"But its bad reputation dancing out there in the night club, Didi. Everybody thinks only prostitute... I mean bad girls dance there."

"No! No.. I am not doing anything like that there, believe me! I'm only dancing there and we get paid for that."

I was silent for few moments. My sister looked worriedly to me waiting for my response. She pleaded again,

"Please Saagar! Don't tell anything to our parent. It'll break their trust on me. May be they'll throw me out of the house"

"But Didi, how can you expect me not to tell anything? What you're doing is wrong and you know it!" I said.

"Yes I know! But I can't help it. I need money and I'll get that at any cost. How about making a deal?"

"What do you mean, Didi?" I asked her with mock surprised (but secretly happy that she's heading where I want her).

"Listen, brother," she said, "how about if we make a deal? I'll let you use my car any time you want to, if you don't say anything. OK?"

At this point she almost had tears in her eyes. I hated to be cruel to her, but I knew what I wanted from her so bad, and I would get it at any cost.

"You'll have to do better than that, Sangita didi," I said, "This is a very serious thing for me to be quiet."

She thought for a moment, not even realising what I was leading up to.

"I have an another idea," she said, "How about if I get you one of the girls at the club? You're a great looking guy, Saagar, I'm sure I wouldn't have to ask twice to anybody! Well what do you think?"

"What do you mean that, Didi? You mean those girls are 'available'?"

"Not all! But yes," she said, "some of them actually 'available'"

"What?? That means you also....."

"NO!! I told you, I'm not PRO. I don't do that business," she shouted on me, "But some of them do. So tell me if you're interested?"

"Well...maybe," I said.

"That's OK, brother!" she said, "you were there long enough to see most of the girls, tell me, who did you think was the hottest looking girl in there?"

I hesitated to say anything.

"Oh come on, brother! You are hard under your short right now. Obviously somebody turned you on! Tell me," she giggled, "Who was it? Who did you come home and think about whole night?"

She still didn't have a clue.

"Do you really want to know, Didi?" I said.

"Yes, of course," she answered, "Tell me, if you had your choice to take any of the girls you saw last night, who would it be?"

I got really nervous, and held my breath. My heart was pounding.

"A-Actually, when I came home last night I fantasised about you, Sangita didi."

I couldn't believe I actually said it! She just sat there in shock with her mouth open.

"I'm your sister- you're my brother, are you crazy?" she replied nervously, "You mean you want to...you and me? How could you even think about that... we cannot have sex.... We can't... NO..... NO WAY! OH MY GOD! I'd die before I'd let that happen!"

Sangita didi got up and left the room slamming the door behind her.

*******

At that point I didn't know if I did the right thing. I wasn't worried about her telling mother, but this could be enough to make her trouble. Oh well, I took my chance, I thought. I turned over, and went to sleep. I woke up about an hour later still tense about what had happened earlier. Still, I couldn't stop thinking about Sangita didi's beautiful body, and how I wanted to touch her. I started playing with myself again, when the phone next to my bed rang.

"Hello?" I answered.

"Saagar,"

It was Sangita didi calling me from her room. We have intercom system in each room of our house,

"What are you doing, brother?" She asked. She seemed to have calmed down.

"If you really must know, I'm jerking off, didi." I answered.

"Really?" she said, "stop what you're doing, and come to my room, I have an idea, brother."

I hung up, pulled my short up and went to Sangita didi's room. I knocked on the door.

"Come in Saagar, it's not locked." she said.

When I walked in the door she was still wearing the same night gown, only now top two hook were open revealing bit of her breast. She was standing by her study table with a cup of coffee in her hand, and another cup on the table.

"I made you some coffee, Saagar." she said, "you really were jerking off when i called you, didn't you?"

She said as she looked down at the bulge in my shorts. I tried to act as a cool

"What's your idea, didi?" I said as I moved closer to her and picked up the cup of coffee.

"Well Saagar, let's be realistic about this, we are brother and sister, and I can't let you make love me..."

"That's not what I want to hear, Sangita didi," I said, "that's what it will take me to be quiet. I'm sorry, but you have no idea how much you drive me crazy! Since you moved back here I haven't had a good night's sleep."

"I know that, brother "she said, giggling, "Sometimes I help mother to wash cloths and I see the cum stains on your sheets. I knew you were jerking off, I just didn't know you were thinking about me until last evening."

"Last evening? I tensed.

"Yes! Last evening I came home and when I went to wash my previous day cloth I found my pink bra with huge cum stain and it was still wet. I guess I forgot to lock my door and there's only one guy in the house who can do that."

"Oh no!" I was getting embarrassed.

"Oh yes, brother. Initially I was mad about that but after I realised its natural for teenage boy like you and I decided not to tell mother about that"

"Well! didi," I said defensively, "that's nothing you can use against me but what I know about you is big deal. I guess I'll just have to talk with mother tonight about where you are working."

I turned to walk away.

"Wait, Saagar," she said, grabbing my arm, "you didn't give me a chance to finish. I said I can't let you make love to me, but we can play around a little

"Wh-what do you mean by that, Didi?" I said, nervous as all hell.

"I'll show you," she said keeping her coffee cup on the table and stood front of me, "Open my gown, brother."

I was excited now. I reached up and started to unhook her gown, and slowly opened it revealing the entire front of her body. Sangita didi was totally naked underneath.

"Touch me anywhere you want, brother." Sangita didi said.

My hands were shaking. I reached for didi's right breast, and slowly ran my open palm across her huge nipple. Her firm breast felt so good in my hand that my cock raised right up above the band of my underwear. She took my T-shirt off, and pulled me close to her. The feel of her huge tits against my bare chest drove me crazy. She started grinding back and forth rubbing her self against me, the tip of my cock now rubbing against her firm tummy.

"Let's go to bed and lie down, brother" she said.

Sangita didi dropped her gown completely off, and walked naked up to the bed. I lied down on the bed waiting for her next instructions. After all, she was much more experienced than I. She lied down on the bed sideways facing me, and slid close to me.

"Turn and face me, Saagar," she said.

I did. We were both facing each other sideways. That position made her tits squeeze close together, so I put my hands between them and slowly moved them around to the outside cupping and massaging her nipples.


"I want to suck your nipple, didi," I said.

Sangita didi was breathing heavy and just smiled at me to say yes. I slid down and started sucking her right tit, while I massaged the left one with my hand. She started moaning with pleasure. I couldn't take it any more. I pulled my underwear all the way down to let my cock rub up against her body. I reached down and grabbed my cock, and started slowly stroking it while I was still sucking, and drooling all over her tits.

Seeing that Sangita didi slid her hand down and started rubbing my cock. My body was trembling. Still facing each other sideways, I put my arms around her neck, while she started jerking me off faster, and faster. She put her face close to mine, and pressed her lips against my lips, and began giving me these erotic soft kisses. She then tilted her head down, and started watching herself play with me. I felt her breathing heavy as she began jerking me off faster. Then she came closer to my ear and whispered,

"Oh, Saagar, do you want head?"

"What?" I looked in her eyes with disbelief.

"I asked do you want me to suck your cock?" she asked me with dreamy eyes.

"Oh didi! I would love that," I replied excitedly.

With that she got up from the bed, and led me at the edge of the bed.

"Sit down, brother" she said.

I sat on the bed. Sangita didi put a pillow on the floor in front of me, and got on her knees. She ran her hands up my legs, and cupped my balls with her left hand, and stroked me with the other. She leaned in and started licking the tip of my cock, with short quick tongue strokes. Then she puts my whole cocks in her mouth, and began sliding her head furiously up and down.

"The way you're doing it, didi, I'm sure you're experienced in this art. Where you learned this? Are you doing same thing the other girls do in your club?"

"No brother! I'm not prostitute but I'm not virgin either."

"Whom you lost your virginity, Didi?"

"I had few boyfriends in my collage. And I experienced sex with them. Some times I used to watch blue films with some of my girlfriends."

She was sucking my cock now eagerly.

"It's been a long Time since I had a cock in my mouth!" She moaned. "Ooh, Saagar, my little brother," she said giving her mouth a short break, but stroking me wildly with her wet hand,

"I love your cock! Brother and you have such a beautiful virgin cock!"

It was a dream come true to see my sister, Sangita didi's beautiful face looking up at me from between my legs. She knelt straight up and began sucking my cock again. The room was silent except for the sound of her sucking, and slurping.

"Oh Sangita didi!" I shouted, "I'm going to come!

That made her suck even harder and faster. She pulled her mouth off my cock, and started jerking me faster and faster then putting me in her mouth again.

As I shot first serge of my cum back in Sangita didi's throat she held her mouth wide open aiming my cock in her mouth. Practically I could see I'm shooting in her mouth. I don't think I ever came that much in my life! It seemed like gallons of cum went squirting all in her mouth. She put my cock back in her mouth after I came, and sucked and licked it clean, swallowing every remaining drop, which made my balls ache with pleasure. She got up off her knees and fell on the bed, and lied back exhausted. She was sweating too much.

"Do you need a towel, Didi?" I asked.

"No! Come here, brother, let's take a nap, I don't know about you, but I'm tired!"

I got on the bed, and Sangita didi turned and held me, her body still sticky from sweat.

"I have to tell you, Saagar, this might just work out. I have this oral fascination. When I said we could just play around, I thought maybe I could jerk you off once in a while, but once I held your cock in my hand, I knew I just wanted to eat it."

With that, Sangita didi reached down and pulled the sheet up over the two of us. We wrapped our bodies around each other, and fell asleep. That was the best sleep I had in a month since my beautiful sister had come home, because my frustration was gone. After a couple of hours, I felt Sangita didi poking me in the side.

"Come on, little brother, wake up!" She giggled, "I'm starving! Let's have breakfast."

As I was rubbing my eyes still half asleep, still tired, she opened one of her dresser drawers, and took out a shirt that was too big for her, and put it on, leaving it fully unbuttoned to reveal her body.

" How amazing," I thought, just a few days ago, I could only imagine Sangita didi naked, but now she was absolutely free with her body around me, and I loved it. A few minutes later I walked into the kitchen, sat down, and watched her cook breakfast wearing nothing but the open shirt she had on. I walked up behind her, and put my arms around her tiny waist, and started kissing her neck, and rubbing her up and down from her stomach to her tits. It wasn't my imagination. She was enjoying all of this. I had breakfast with her, still amazed that I had actually been so intimate with this beautiful, half-naked girl front of me, who's my sister, my Sangita didi. She looked at me and smiled,

"After breakfast, let's go back to bed, brother, OK?" Sangita didi said, "I have something I want to teach you."

"whatever you say, Didi," I replied.

We walked back into the bedroom, and Sangita didi lied back on the bed, and opened her legs. She licked the middle finger of her right hand, and then started massaging her pussy.

"It's my turn, Saagar," she said, "Now it's my turn to cum."

"What do you want me to do, Didi?" I asked.

"Come here and lick my pussy, little brother," Sangita didi said.

I got up on the bed, and placed my hand on her thighs, rubbing them lightly. I was a little reluctant at first although Sangita didi's pink, shaved pussy was so beautiful.

"Don't be afraid, Saagar," my sister said, as she reached down and gently put her hand behind my head, "Just lick it, and kiss it for me. I'll guide you through it."

Once my tongue touched her clit, I knew this was going to be lot exciting, I thought. Her pussy had a natural sweet taste to it, so I started licking, and sucking.

"Ooh, Saagar," she whispered, "faster, please lick me faster!"

I darted my tongue in and out as fast as I could, until she was trembling with pleasure.

"Put your finger inside me, Saagar!" she screamed, and I obeyed.

It wasn't so much liking on my part, it was just that I actually loved Sangita didi so much, and she had made me feel so good earlier, that I wanted to satisfy her. I kept fingering her faster and faster as I licked her clit and just kept feeling her body quiver and shake with ecstasy. Finally it was as though a volcano erupted inside her as she let a passionate scream of sheer joy. I did what she had wanted. I made her come.

"Oh my God!" she said still trying to catch her breath, "That was magnificent, brother!"

She looked down at me, my head still between her shivering legs. "Come up here. Saagar," she said, with her arms opened wide.

I laid my head on the pillow next to hers, and put my lips on Sangita didi's. I opened her mouth, and slipped my tongue in. She didn't resist at all. My cock was huge again. I climbed on top of her, and tried to slide it inside of her.

"No, brother! I Said NO FUCKING!" she said as she pushed me off her, "now don't try that again!"

"I'm sorry, didi" I said, as I lay back on the bed, feeling a little ashamed.

"Don't get upset, Saagar," Sangita didi said, as she slid her head down between my legs and started sucking my cock again.

****

Needless to say, nothing was ever the same after that day. My sister and I spent a lot of time together, in house giving each other oral pleasure. It was great. She always left her door unlocked after that, and I would rush home from school, and do my homework in her room, and just wait for her to come home. Sometimes it almost felt as though we were married! She would come home, and say "God, Saagar, what a rough day I had today, I really need to relieve some stress. Thank god! I have you here when I need it!"

I would sometimes bring porno movies, and just stay home together with Sangita didi. I would just sit on the couch, and Sangita didi would just suck my cock till I came in her mouth. Mother and daddy had no clue what was going on; in fact they were kind of happy that my sister and I were spending so much time together!

THE END 