I delivered newspapers after school for five years, beginning when I was twelve-year-old eighth-grader and retiring only after my graduation from high school. I owe the job a lot. It made me wealthier than the average teenager, won me a partial college scholarship, and introduced me to a few lifelong friends. It also taught me something about sex — not just technique, though there was some of that, but the way young girls experiment with their sexual power and exert it over boys, especially a bookish boy without the strength or the experience to handle it.

I was a prime target, too, the kind of kid who would later become known as a geek, though, in my own little Catholic boys' school hell, that haven of Christian love and acceptance, I was known by the all-purpose put down "faggot." It was bad enough I got good grades and had a vocabulary that I didn't have the sense to suppress, but when I let it slip that I liked Beethoven, my life was over. Nothing offends the teenage demand for conformity as much as a dissident musical taste, and I never heard the end of it. Between the name-calling, the self-imposed pressure for academic excellence, and the occasional beating, I led a miserable existence.

Mindy was the first girl on my paper route to notice me, though Risa, who lived on the other side of the party wall that separated their twin homes, wasn't far behind. Both of them overheard me talking to their parents, who approved of me as a bright, articulate young man, and both of them realized I could be had, and without repercussions. I was the classic "good kid," and they knew instinctively I would do as I was told and keep my mouth shut. We had no friends in common, so I couldn't ruin their reputations. If they subjected me to an occasional sexual experiment, who could I tell?

Or whom.

One cool Saturday afternoon in early October, I had just finished my deliveries and was trolling back through my route, my empty bag hanging off my shoulder, my payment book in my back pocket, collecting money from the few customers I had missed when I made my rounds on Thursday and Friday nights. It's hard to remember after all these years exactly how old I was, but I must have just started my sophomore year of high school, which would have made me fourteen.

I don't know whether Mindy planned our encounter. Her mother might have told her I'd be stopping by, or she might not have thought it important enough to mention. In any event, she — Mindy's mom — had promised me someone would be home to pay me my seventy-five cents for the week's deliveries.

I walked up the four concrete steps to the front door, rang the bell and waited. Nothing happened. I stood with the storm door propped open against my back, and I pressed my face to one of the windows in the front door. The place looked empty. All I could see were the stairs to the second floor, which rose along the party wall, the back of a couch and the grandmother clock against just inside the vestibule.

Peering through the shadows, I rang the bell again, and again, there was no answer. I was all set to leave when I heard a window go up above me, and Mindy's voice called out, "Who is it?"

As I said, the houses on this block were twins, with two front doors sharing a single stoop and set into a stone projection surmounted by a miniature, slate-covered saddle roof. The upstairs window, blocked by the mini-roof, wasn't visible from the front door. If I wanted to look at Mindy while I talked to her, I had to descend the stoop again to the front walk.

"Paper boy!" I called out. Hopping off the bottom step, I turned around and saw Mindy leaning out the bedroom window, her arms folded on the sill.

Her shoulders were bare, but partly hidden beneath the falls of her frizzy, red-brown hair. Her face was dense with dark red freckles, and from what little I could see, the population had migrated from the nest and colonized her upper back.

"Just leave the paper in the railing," she said. I had already done that. The thin Saturday edition was still tucked in the cast-iron curlicues of the railing that was bolted to the front steps.

"I'm collecting," I said.

"I don't have any money," she said.

"Your mom said me she'd leave it for me downstairs," I explained. This was true. Mindy's mom kept her change in an antique secretary that stood in a far corner on the living room.

"Well, that's fine," Mindy called, "but I can't come down right now."

"Why not?"

"Because I haven't got a stitch on."

Suddenly I understood. Her breasts, I calculated, were tucked behind her forearms, and the way she was leaning, her butt was pointing back across the room.

"That doesn't bother me," I called back, trying, geek that I was, to sound mature and nonchalant. But I didn't know what I was saying. I just wanted to keep her in the window, to flirt and think about her standing there naked.

"OK, then!" she said brightly, with a mischievous music in her voice and a mischievous smile on her face, and she pulled her head back into the room. I caught a glimpse of something round and white jiggling as the sash went down, but I couldn't tell if it was anything that belonged to a girl's naked body. Bright clouds reflected on the surface of the window, turning it opaque, and the dream was gone.

I was still looking up at the window, hoping to catch sight of heaven knows what, when the front door swung open into the empty house. There was no other movement, no sound. I walked up the steps again and looked through the storm door, cupping my hands around my face to eliminate the glare. The place was just as dark as before.

"Hello?" I called, pulling the door open and placing my foot on the threshold. Silence.

"Mindy?"

Nothing. I stepped inside the vestibule, and the storm door closed behind me with a hiss and a metallic slap. This was an awful lot of work for seventy-five cents.

"Hello?"

I was past the coat closet, stepping into the living room, when the big inside door swished shut behind me. I spun around, and there she was.

Naked. The first live nude girl of my geeky existence.

"I thought you said it didn't bother you," she said. I can't imagine what my face looked like, but it felt like I had thrust it into an oven.

"I lied," I said. "You can never trust anything I say." I can get really glib when I'm as embarrassed as hell.

Her back was flat against the door, which took all of her weight as her legs, slightly parted, inclined toward her feet at a low angle. Her hands were clasped behind her. The vestibule was dim, but daylight poured through the glass squares over her head, turning her hair to a reddish halo. Somewhere on the way down the stairs she'd pulled it back into a ponytail that rested on one shoulder in a mass of corkscrew curls, leaving her breasts exposed. For me, they were the focal point of the picture. They were high, and they curved delicately away from one another. Their upturned, concave slopes and the depression between them were sprinkled with freckles. Wide rings of dogwood-pink surrounded her nipples, which were a deeper shade of pink, and pointed. The hair at the inverted V of her legs — another major focal point — was darker than the hair on her head, the shade of dried blood, and just below it, I thought I saw a pair of puffy, white vertical lines, like an equals sign tipped on end.

I wanted the moment to last forever, but Mindy broke the spell.

"So what do you want?" she said casually, as though she was standing there in a T-shirt and jeans.

"I'm, uh ... I'm just uh, I mean I'm..."

"You're collecting for the paper. How much?"

"How much what?"

"How much do we owe you?"

"Seventy-five cents," I said. "Your mom said she'd have it for me." All the while I was thinking, your breasts, freckles all over them, and your short legs and your hips and your pussy hair. Naked. My God, a naked girl. I feel desire in my mouth, as an itch at the points where my jaws come together. I pressed my tongue into one angle, then the other. The itch got stronger.

Mindy breezed past me to the secretary. She bent over the open desktop, rifling through the cubbyholes and giving me a generous view of her ass. She took her time, as if she wanted me to keep looking.

"Here it is," she said. She straightened and turned and walked back to me and held out a dollar bill. I say it like that because time had slowed down and separated into discrete, frozen moments. The soft stuff inside my head was swelling, crowding my consciousness to a singularity where a bright nude body was surrounded by darkness. I felt one of her hands lifting mine, the other pressing the bill into it, and the darkness became total.

"You poor thing." Her voice came from a long distance away. "Can't take it, can ya?"

I discovered I was on the floor, my back against the end of one of two sofas that faced each other in a corner. Mindy was handing me a glass of ice water. The coldness in my hand woke me up before the liquid touched my lips. I lifted my eyes as I sipped. She was standing over me, still naked. This time, the sight was a comfort.

"Boys," she said. "You act all cool, but when we give you what you want, you just can't take it. Am I the first girl you ever saw naked?"

"Yeah," I said. "Thanks." I handed the empty glass back to her, and she put it down begins me, on the coffee table between the two sofas.

"At least you're still polite," she said when she appeared again in front of me. "Can you get up?"

"Yeah, but I'd rather not."

"Rather," she repeated. "You talk funny. If you're gonna stay here, you gotta show me what you got."

"This isn't like a trap, is it? You haven't got a bunch of kids waiting in the kitchen to come out and laugh at me?"

"Uh uh. It's just us. Show me what you got. Come on."

I struggled to my feet and sat on the arm of the couch. Dropping my bag from my shoulder, I unzipped and slid my pants and briefs off my butt and down to my knees.

"God, is it always that big?"

My dick really isn't really all that big. But Mindy didn't mean big. She meant hard.

"No," I said. "Usually it's kinda small. It's just big now 'cause I'm standing here with a beautiful naked girl."

"You think I'm beautiful, really?"

"Uh-huh."

"If I'm the first girl you've seen naked, how do you know?"

"Then you're the most beautiful naked girl I've seen today. Is this the first penis you've seen?"

"Maybe," she said. "Does it feel good when you touch it? Boys are supposed to be like yanking on it all the time."

"Uh. Yeah. Why do you want to know?"

"Let me see."

"I don't like to yank on it."

"Then what do you do?"

"I have to take my shirt off."

I could have "yanked it," like she said, but that wasn't my favorite masturbation technique.

"Go ahead."

My sweater and my T-shirt joined my bag on the floor, and I showed her how I did it: cupping my balls with my open fingers, pressing the head of my dick against my bare stomach with the heel of my hand, and making a wide circular motion with my arm, like the tie-rod on a locomotive wheel.

I started masturbating when I was eleven, but I had never, ever admitted it to anyone, let alone demonstrated it. I didn't even have the courage to confess it to a priest, but Mindy wanted to see, and she was nude. And you turn down a request from a nude girl.

"Mmmm ... that looks nice," she said.

"Uh-huh," I said, my breath coming in spasms. "Do, uh, do uh ... Do girls do it?"

"Of course not. We don't have dicks."

"I know that. Mmmm. I mean... umpf ... I mean touch themselves there."

"Oh, yeah, I do all the time. I was just gonna do it when you rang the bell. You wanna see?"

"Well... yeah."

"I have to lay down."

And she plunked herself down and stretched out on the oriental rug in front of me. She opened her legs, and pink globule poked through her tangle of hair like a tiny bubble of gum. My first glimmer of cunt.

Mindy slipped her middle finger between her bristling outer and pressed down. Dull pink flesh, suddenly becoming visible to either side, bulged up around it, and her fingertip disappeared into some mysterious, unseen hole, as though her public hair swallowed it up to the knuckle. She jiggled her hand subtly at from the wrist, vibrating herself. It wasn't so different from the motion I make at the moment I start to spurt, I told myself. With all my reading, I still didn't use the word ejaculation. "The stuff coming out" was my usual, internal phrase.

The color rose in Mindy's face. She breathed slowly, deeply, puffing up her breasts, and she twirled one hard nipple between a thumb and a forefinger, keeping her eyes on my dick as it peeped out from beneath my rotating hand.

I had lost the power of speech, but she wanted to make conversation.

"My mom has a vibrator," she said. I didn't know what that was, but I was too distracted to ask. "I tried it a few times, and it drove me like really crazy. I was like screaming and everything. But I like my hand better. It's slower. Mmmmm."

"What's it feel like?"

"It just ... it kind of goes all through me and makes me all tight," she said. "My whole body feels like it's stretching... ahhhhh ... and it gets tighter... oh! ... and then it snaps and I'm like falling down a water slide ... ohhh, God yeah ... what's it like... huhhh ... what's it like for you?"

"Kind of like that," I said, "except that I am the water slide. More like the log flume."

"Huh?"

"You'll see."

We went on. She wriggled her finger inside her pussy and tweaked at her nipples, and I coaxed my dick back and forth across my stomach like a windshield wiper. The conversation flagged. We only grunted and moaned and sighed, watching one another work ourselves to orgasm. And as weird as it sounds, we never thought of touching. The only contact came just as Mindy fell over the lip of her water slide: she extended one leg and touched her big toe to the tip of my sneaker.

That was all it took for both of us to let go. Mindy let out a sharp cry, followed by a string of extended, diminishing wails — Uhhhhh ... uhhhhhh ... ohhhh... oh ... uhhhhgnnn —while my come bubbled up beneath my hand. Thick and pearly and plentiful, it slicked up the head of my cock and drizzled into my public hair and down my legs. I tried to catch it, but it got away from me and fell in fat gobs on Mindy's foot.

"What, did you pee?" she said.

"Uh uh. That's what happens when ... when I come."

"Ewww."

"Whattaya mean, eww?" We were both laughing. "Everybody does it."

I felt stupid, leaning bare-assed on the sofa, my hands and my mid-section covered with goo. I couldn't move without dripping my jit all over Mindy's well-vaccumed rug.

But she was a thoughtful hostess.

"Hold on," she said, as if I could do anything else. She bounded up and into the kitchen, her ass waving at me as it receded, and returned with a fistful of paper towels.

"You make a mess," she said while I wiped myself off. "Doesn't your mom find it on your sheets and stuff?"

"She did once. It was a big wet spot. I told her I dropped an ice cube."

"Did she buy that?"

"I don't know what she buys. She barged into my bedroom when I was still in bed."

"That's weird," Mindy said. She handed me a fresh towel. "Wipe off my foot."

It was a request, not a command, but it was my first taste of the pleasure of submission. I knelt in front of her, my bare ass higher than my face, and painstakingly cleaned the spots of sticky come from her arch, her instep, between her toes.

"My mom will be home soon," she said finally. It was probably a lie, but it was the quickest way for a girl to get an unwanted boy out of her house. I had served my purpose. I adjusted my clothes, replaced the empty bag on my shoulder and stuck the wet wads of paper inside, intending to throw them away when I got home. Then, like the professional I was, I took my little book out of my back pocket, marked her "paid" and offered her a quarter change.

"Keep it," she said.

"Oh, I feel so cheap," I said. Ejaculation clears a man's head. I was a calm conversationalist again, even if a girl was standing naked in front of me.

"Huh?" she said.

"Nothing."

She walked me to the door and stood behind it, just as she had when she let me in, shielding herself from the eyes of the neighborhood.

"Was this ... uh..." I stammered. "I mean, did you like it?"

"Yeah," she said brightly. "I learned a lot."

"Learned?"

"Yeah. Now I know some stuff I can do with my boyfriend."

Then I was back on the street, feeling more foolish than I had ever felt in my life.


In a weird way, our nude encounter made me Mindy's buddy. We never played I'll-show-you-mine-if-you-show-me-yours again. We never even mentioned it, but we could talk about everything else whenever I passed by on my paper route and found her sitting on her front steps. She became my booster. I became her confidant. I heard all about the boyfriend, the deflowering, the inevitable breakup, and the boyfriends — lovers, really — who came later. As we went through our separate high school careers, Mindy's sex life became an open secret.

But Risa, her next-door neighbor, was my nemesis. We paid no attention to each other my first year as a newsboy, but when we finally did, we fell immediately into one of those mutually insulting relationships that sitcom writers think are so damn funny. We tried to top each other with put-downs whenever we met, and once teenagers start cutting, retreat is impossible. I don't remember a pleasant word ever passing between us.

I got her good once, I remember, baiting the hook by asking her if she was a very happy person.

"I'm happier than you'll ever be," she said automatically, defensively.

"Well, that proves it," I said. "Ignorance is bliss."

Her dad, who was standing between us, laughed.

"Touché," he said as he handed me the week's money for the paper.

Another time, I challenged her to name five presidents from the first half of the 20th century. She did it, barely, with some help from her mother, who was one of the loveliest women I've ever met. I never understood how she managed to raise such a bitch of a daughter.

My little victories meant nothing, of course. No matter what insults I could think of, or steal from All in the Family or a Marx Brothers movie, I never got the better of her. In the first place, she was dense. Words bounced off her. And in the second place, I was in love with her. She was slimmer than Mindy, with tits just big enough to fit under my hand and a beautiful, compact ass. Like the knight in Camelot (told you I was a faggot), I loved the sight of her in summer in a clingy tube top and denim cutoffs, or in winter in a mini-skirt with white stockings and thick-soled pumps.

Once I almost asked her out. Seriously. A real date. All down the block on collection night I imagined myself confessing my feelings and apologizing for all the insults and telling her that all I wanted in the world was for her to come with me to the mall. But when I got to her house, there was another boy sitting in her living room, a wiry jock with curly black hair and a well-muscled chest, and I lost my nerve, which, I'm sure, saved me from a scornful rejection.

So, the Dozens went on — pointlessly, because Risa had already won. She didn't know it, but I would gladly have crawled naked across her living room just to kiss her feet. At a word, she could have peed all over me and made me lick her urine off the floor.

And of course, the one thing I wanted was the one thing I never got. When Risa finally decided it was time to establish her dominance over me once and for all, she didn't do it herself. She sent a proxy.

Collecting again, this time in the frigid dark during Christmas vacation. Strings of hell-red and goblin-green lights framed the windows of the few gentile homes on the block. My tribe, the papists, was easy to identify this time of year. I was wearing my blue cloth coat, with the hood down, and no gloves, since I needed my fingers to make change and check off payments in my book. My money apron hung heavily in front of my dick, loaded — the apron, that is — with coins and a wad of bills.

Risa's home had no festive lights. A single lamp shone in the living room, as it might if no one were home, but I heard girls' laughter as I passed beneath the front window. The bullies at school hadn't beaten God out of me quite yet, and I prayed her parents were there. I did not want to face Risa and a pack of her friends without a buffer of adults. In numbers greater than two, girls that age can eat a boy alive.

But, business being business, I knocked. Immediately a tumult arose inside, and one high voice pierced the general confusion with the words, "That's him!"

I heard the inside vestibule door open and the bolt in the front door shoot back. The door opened just enough to let me slip through, and, stepping inside, I found myself cornered by three girls. One of them was Risa. I had never seen the other two, but they were as beautiful as she was, in their adolescent way, and just as aggressive.

Risa closed the front door and furtively locked it again.

"How much is it?" she said, a simple question that she sounded like a sneer coming from her.

"A dollar ten," I said. (Unlike Mindy's mom, Risa's parents also took the Sunday edition.) Risa walked back into the house, leaving me with her two friends in the cramped, four-by-four vestibule.

"Risa tells me you do really good in school," said the one right in front of me.

"Yeah," I replied. Not knowing what was coming, I just wanted to get my money and leave. She looked directly at me with bright eyes and a strange smile. Just to fill the silence, I said, "I made first in my class this semester."

"Oh, kid, that is so good," she said. Her feet were bare, one crossed over the other. She wore bell-bottom jeans that hung low on her hips and a black, long-sleeved leotard top with a low scoop neck, the kind ballet students wear to practice. It molded itself to her breasts and tummy and the inward curve of her waist. Her hair was sandy brown, cut short, with a curling sweep across her forehead.

This was the Chosen One.

Risa came back a pair of dollar bills and held them out to me. My fingers were just grazing the rough paper when Leotard-Top snatched them away.

"Uh uh. You can't have it," she said. "Not till you feel down my bra to get it."

President Washington disappeared down the scoop neck.

"Go ahead, kid," Risa said. "Be a man."

To this day I don't know if Risa ever learned my name. To her I was always "Kid." While I dithered, staring at the shadowy dimple between Leotard-Top's breasts, Risa and the second friend — whom I'll call Number Three — backed into the living room and slammed the vestibule door. I heard the key turn in the lock, and suddenly I noticed the key to the front-door bolt was gone. Risa took it with her as part of the plan. I was caged in a four-by-four room with a strange girl who was having the time of her life embarrassing me.

"Now you'll be in there together forever and ever," Risa called from the living room. The inside door was glazed with twelve panes, four rows of three, leaving me and Leotard-Top open to inspection like a pair of lizards in a terrarium. Risa and Number Three huddled together, shoulder to shoulder against the windows.

"Whatchya waitin' for, kid?" Leotard-Top said. The folded bills made an oblong bas-relief in the black cloth below her left nipple.

"What would you do if I actually took you up on that?" I said, trying to sound brave.

"Try it and find out."

"Oh my God, he's gonna do it!" yelled Number Three.

Leotard-Top fixed her eyes on mine as I twisted my left arm so that the palm of my hand faced her chest and my long fingers, fully extended, broke the border of the scoop neck. The soft globes closed in on them from each side. There was a film of slippery sweat in her cleavage, despite the chill I had brought inside with me.

Slowly, my fingers snaked along the crease below her breast and covered the crisp bills.

"Jesus Christ, his fingers are fucking freezing!" she yelled. The girls in the living room squealed.

The nipple under my cold hand grew solid. The other one stood up in sympathy, poking through the bra and top. Leotard-Top tried to stay in control, her eyes unwavering, staring me down, but her breathing had changed, subtly. She exhaled with just a little too much force.

"Go ahead and take it," she said.

"What, the money?"

"Yeah, the money. What are you, an idiot?"

"Well, we are dealing with two competing desires here."

"God, Risa said you were weird."

The moment passed. I closed my hand, careful to flick her nipple with every frost-bitten fingertip, and extracted the bills.

"How'd it feel, kid?" Risa called. "You like girls' boobs?"

"Well, as a matter of fact, yes," I said.

I took a fistful of icy coins from my apron, picked out a dime, a nickel and three quarters, and dropped them into the left front pocket of my jeans.

"Now, if you really want the change..." I said.

With a smirk, she dipped right down into the pocket and felt around, pretending the coins were eluding her.

"Kind of stuck way down there," she said, sliding her hand across my penis, which had grown erect at an awkward angle.

I stifled a moan, but I, too, exhaled with a little too much force.

"Is his dick hard?" Number Three called out.

"Oh, God, yes," my new Mistress said.

"Let's see it!" Risa said.

"You heard her, do it," said the Mistress in the black top. She gave my pole a squeeze through the pocket and called out, "It's a nice one!"

I wondered about her range of comparison.

"Come on, let's see it, kid," Risa said.

"Take this off," my Mistress said, pulling at the zipper of my coat with her free hand. I helped her, and the stiff, heavy shell slid to the floor, leaving me in my soft black sweater. I was bare-chested underneath it.

"Now this," she said. She pulled the coins from my pocket and jingled my change apron. I reached behind and undid the strings, and the bulging, change-filled pockets dropped to my knees. Excited as I was, I took care to fold the apron into quarters and wrap the strings around it, tight, like I was squeezing out a teabag. Carefully, I laid it in a corner.

The two girls chanted through the door, "Do it! Do it! Do it!"

I knew they were laughing at me, like it was some display of weakness to show them my dick, but the lure of exposing myself was too strong. Even humiliation would be a pleasure. I opened my zipper and pushed down my jeans and underwear together. My dick dropped like a drawbridge.

"Whoa!" the girls yelled through the glass. Number Three was cupping one of her tits through her clothes. She was dressed like Santa's preppiest elf: a red corduroy skirt, dark green panty-hose with no shoes, and a matching green crocheted vest over a white Oxford shirt.

"Say, 'Kiss me, you fool, '" Risa commanded.

"Kiss me, you fool," Mistress repeated. Leaning into her, I struck her mouth with mine, clumsily, but in an instant our lips adjusted and dovetailed. She started the tongue-play, and I followed along, like a good boy.

The hilarity grew. Number Three moved her hand under her shirt and massaged her little boobs. She looked like a mouse was crawling under her vest.

"Make him suck you off," she cried.

"Make him suck off your pussy," Risa corrected her. "Say, suck off my puss-say, you little faggot."

Risa's jeans were unzipped and her hand was lost inside the gold triangle of her panties.

"Suck off my pussy, you little faggot," Mistress said. She was the sub-mistress, really — Risa was the top of the food chain.

The task was complicated. The leotard was a pull-up with no snaps or zippers. If Mistress wanted me to get to her cunt — and she did want me to get to her cunt — it had to come all the way down and off. I touched her shoulders and slipped a thumb under the seams on each side of her neck.

"Uh-huh," she said. I needed no more encouragement: I dragged the top down her arms and body, exposing a satiny black bra. She undid the button of her jeans, and together we pushed everything — leotard, denim, and panties — down her thighs. I took a chance and reached around back to unhook her bra, but I found nothing but a featureless strap.

"Here, jerk-off, " she said and unhooked her bra in front. The cups sprang from her boobs, and she was naked from her neck to her knees.

Roughly she grabbed my dick, twisted it and yanked it down, forcing me to kneel if I didn't want to lose it. But fuck almighty, it felt good. My nose was an inch from her patch of brown curls. I paused, looking, as I do in when confronted with an unfamiliar sight, but she couldn't wait for me to make up my mind. She clenched the hair at the back of my head — tearing at it, bringing tears to my eyes — and pounded my face into her crotch.

"Eat it, boy!" Risa yelled.

I never licked a cunt before, and I was afraid this strange girl who had shown me nothing but contempt would think I was bad at it. I genuinely wanted to please her. My tongue lost itself in hair as rough and dense as a tangle of twine. I probed desperately, blindly, fearful she would lose patience, but suddenly, the thicket parted and I entered a region of smooth, wet warmth. Fatty bulbs lay to each side. I coaxed them open with my tongue and reached the prize — a tough, tiny dot like a sliver of diamond.

"Yessssss!"

Mistress went off the instant I touched it. Her body stiffened, and she threw back her head, bumping the closet door. She sighed, grunted, moaned.

"Holy fuck ... oh fucking shit, kid..."

I reached around with both hands and clutched her ass. She kept a fistful of my hair in one hand, steering my face around her pussy like a joystick. Screwing up my eyes, I saw the white undersides of her breasts, standing out like balconies on an ivory tower. She snatched at her nipples.

"Oh God, oh God, kid..."

The commentary from the living room stopped. Through the glass, from the corner of my vision, I saw Risa and Number Three busily working their cunts. Risa's hand was still inside her panties (as long as I knew her, I never got to see her naughty bits), but Number Three had stripped off her skirt and elf-stockings, which lay in a heap between her feet. She was naked from the waist down, fingering herself beneath her shirttails.

The only voice came from inside the glass booth, from the hot teaser whose teasing had backfired on her and was bringing her to the brink of orgasm.

"Oh God, oh fuck ... Kid ... Kid... Goddamn it!"

She doubled over as she came, pushing her ass against the closet door and unintentionally pulling her crotch away from me, into the triangular recess of her legs and tummy. I pressed forward, ignoring the growing ache in my neck, and managed to keep my tongue on the jewel.

"Oh yeah ... yeah, kid. Motherfucking shit!"

Her shoulders quaked. Her breasts quivered above my eyes.

"Fuck, kid!"

Risa spoke up again.

"Kiss her ass!"

"Kiss my ass, kid," Mistress murmured, still coming. She turned around awkwardly, hobbled by the clothes around her legs, and her face fell against the closet door. I didn't have to move. Her butt was right there, smooth, immaculate. Beneath and between the mounds, her fingers darted at me repeatedly as she masturbated.

I touched my lips lightly to the lower end of the cleft.

"Put your tongue in," Risa said. "Get it all the way up in her asshole."

This wasn't as difficult as penetrating her public hair. I licked, sinking my tongue between the soft cheeks, and I was on her shit-hole. It was clean, tasteless, just a tough little ring the consistency of gristle. But it did something wonderful for my Mistress. She jerked and squeaked, and she pushed her ass harder into my face, all the while spinning out her orgasm with her hand.

Then it was over. Suddenly she was satisfied, and she shoved me away. Risa and Number Three hung on the door, coming down from climaxes of their own. Mistress began pulling at her clothes.

"You gotta go now," she said. "Risa, get him the fuck outta here."

My dick stuck up at an angle as I sat back on my heels, but there was no question anyone wanted to touch it.

With an effort, Risa unlocked the inner door, and, stepping across me, holding up her loosened jeans, she replaced the key in the bolt lock. Number Three picked up her panties and stockings from the floor and vanished — to put them back on, I assumed.

"Go on, kid. You got your money," Risa said. "Don't touch your prick. I don't want your shit all over my floor."

Mistress dragged her top back on, neglecting to replace her bra. She, too, disappeared.

There was nothing I could say. I stood and pulled up my pants, carefully positioning my hard-on beneath the zipper. Risa watched me, refastening her jeans, as I picked up my coat and apron. She left me to open the bolt myself, and in a second I was standing in the night air with my coat over my arm. The door swung shut behind me with a dismissive whumpf.

But I wasn't done yet. I dropped my things on the top step and, turning to face the house, pushed my pants down again. Anyone passing by on the sidewalk would have had a generous view of my naked ass. The air was pleasantly cold on my balls, but the dick in my hand was burning hot. Closing my eyes, I saw those firm breasts and the smooth butt again, and I tasted the oily cunt on my tongue. I kept my hand still, trying not to come too fast, but it was no use. In the time it took to recall the words "Kiss me, you fool," I shot my load on Risa's front door.

"There," I said out loud. "You can clean up my shit anyway."

I never figured out what just what Risa thought she was doing. Was she trying to humiliate me? Or maybe Leotard-Top came on to me on a dare. Or maybe the three of them were just horny and saw me as a convenient way to get off. I never got the chance to ask. I never saw Leotard-Top or Number Three a second time, and Risa never spoke to me again.

Oh, we saw one another like always, she standing in the background under the dining room archway while her mom or dad handed me my money, me standing in the vestibule, on the spot where I had tasted my first pussy. We would catch each other's eye, but we never exchanged another word, insulting or otherwise. The energy that fed our silly hatred was spent, but somehow, we were locked together in the memory of an unforgettable instant — forever and ever, just as she had said.
