The Origin Of Hootersville, USA
by JRParz
Copyright© 2007 by JRParz
?

On a quiet fall evening in Northern California, a car speeds its way through the backwoods towards Hootersville, USA. The occupants of the car are 'high schoolers' who had just seen the movie, PRETTY COOL...

"I'm telling you... I wouldn't be surprised if the government is already experimenting with that mind control shit," Ray stated with conviction.

"The movie is fiction," Jessica responded, amazed at Ray's gullibility. "You know, like... make believe," she added, sarcastically.

PRETTY COOL was a movie about a high school senior who attempts to steal answers for the final exams using the school computer... but as timing goes, an electrical storm hits the power grid and as a result, a top-secret program is downloaded directly into the kid's brain, ultimately enabling him to control minds... not to mention female libidos.

"Come on, Ray... why don't you admit it... you just wish mind control was real," Wendy added, giggling.

"Trust me... its real," Ray defended, "and just imagine the possibilities."

Jessica rolled her eyes and turned to her boyfriend for support, but instead of support she caught him smirking.

"What's so funny?" she asked, getting angry.

"I... ah... well... I was just thinking of the possibilities," Bart responded without glancing at her.

"And what possibilities would those be?" she asked, on the verge of exploding.

"Well, for one it would eliminate the need for foreplay... and two... it would certainly cut down on our arguments," he replied, smiling.

"How dare him!" she thought to herself, but just as she was about to tear him a new asshole, they heard a loud roaring thunder and a crash!

Bart slammed on the breaks bringing the car to a screeching halt and quickly they piled out of the car.

"Look at the streak... it must have gone down over there," Ray pointed towards the sky.

Jessica and Wendy both tried using their cell phones but neither one of them could pick up a signal.

"We'll use Old Mill road!" Bart responded and they all hopped back into the car.

"It had to be a plane," Ray stated.

"Whatever it was... it was big," Bart added.

"Maybe we should go for help," Wendy suggested, sounding nervous.

"Are you crazy? We are the help!" Ray snapped.

"Wendy has a point, Ray... but I agree we might be the only help for awhile," Bart interjected.

"Chances are we aren't the only ones that saw or heard the crash, Wendy... so I bet more help is on the way," Jessica added, but she could see that Wendy was still scared.

"Holy shit," Bart suddenly cried out.

Jessica turned to look up ahead and what she saw floored her.

"Holy fuck... !" Ray added, "A U Fucking O!"

Jessica stared at the flying saucer in disbelief, thinking it looked exactly like a flying saucer was expected to look like. It was huge; sphere shaped, and gray.

"We should leave," Wendy declared.

"Leave? We just got here! Jesus, Wendy... just the other day you were complaining about how boring Hootersville is and when we finally have a little excitement for a change, you want to hightail it out of here!" Ray responded.

"Jess, you and Wendy stay inside the car while Ray and I check it out," Bart instructed as he and Ray climbed out of the car.

Jessica was curious by nature and under normal circumstance she would have told Bart to go to hell and joined them, but there was something eerily strange about all of this.

"What if it blows-up?" Wendy asked from the backseat.

"Look, Wendy... there's no fire or smoke, so that's not going to happen," she responded, trying to reassure Wendy with a smile.

Wendy nodded her head, but she could tell that she wasn't buying it.

"Stay in the car, I need to tell Bart something," she instructed, and quickly got out of the car.

Bart obviously hadn't heard her approaching because he jumped when she came up behind him.

"God, Jess... ! Don't ever sneak up on me like that," Bart cried out.

Under different circumstances she would have burst out laughing, but instead she whispered, "We should leave."

"Leave? We just got here," Ray responded, overhearing her.

"Come on, Bart... let's get out of here," she pleaded and then grabbed his hand to pull him back to the car.

"No, Jess... there's no way I'm leaving," he argued, pulling his hand back.

"Ray, let's go," Wendy shouted out from the car window.

"You just keep that pretty little ass of yours inside the car," Ray shouted back.

"Maybe you should do the same," Bart suggested, glaring at her.

Now she was heated, but then they all heard a loud hissing noise and a sliding door open. Moments later a man appeared! He was dressed in a strange looking spandex outfit that could have passed for a 'Star Trek' uniform, but other than that he looked quite human.

"Damn! I hate when that happens," the man declared.

Stunned and speechless they stared at him.

"So, what year did I land in?" he asked, smiling.

"You're human?" Jessica asked, stunned.

"Human and horny," the man replied with a grin.

"What?" she asked in shock and then noticed how the man leered at her.

"I'm way overdue for some servicing, so hop to it, bitch," he replied.

"Servicing?" she whispered, but then her eyes lit up when she realized what he was insinuating.

"What do you mean by insulting my girlfriend?" Bart suddenly demanded.

"Huh? Are you saying that the bitch is exclusive?" the man asked, sounding genuinely surprised... but then his face broke into a smile. "Yeah... I remember reading about this shit in the history books. Anyway, I asked what year it was... remember?"

"2004," Ray replied.

"Really?" the man responded, smiling.

"Are you saying you're from the future?" Bart asked.

"Two hundred years into the future... 2204," The man replied.

"This is unbelievable," Ray whispered.

"So, where am I?" the man asked.

"Earth," Ray replied.

"Duh... I know that... what do you take me for... a moron? Where specifically on earth?" he asked.

"Right now you're on the outskirts of Hootersville, USA," Ray replied with a smile.

"Hootersville?" the man asked, and then he turned to Jessica and openly gazed at her chest. "Not likely," he snickered.

"Fuck you," Jessica responded angrily.

"How about I do you guys in Hootersville a favor," the man suggested.

"What are you talking about?" Bart asked.

Then quite suddenly the man disappeared... and then re-appeared behind them!

"How'd you do that?" Ray asked, shocked.

The man smirked before turning his attention to Jessica.

"I really do need some servicing... are you sure you won't volunteer for a quickie?"

"Look, pervert..." Jessica responded... but just as she was about to give this time traveling asshole a piece of her mind, he held his hand up and added...

"Okay... so I'm a pervert... that still doesn't change the fact that I need servicing... and since my time period doesn't recognize that exclusivity bullshit, I'm going to have you and that sweet looking gal hiding in the backseat of that antique vehicle provide me the servicing."

"Fuck you we are!" she screamed, looking to Bart for support.

"Look Mister... Why don't you hop back into that flying saucer of yours and get the hell out of here before I'm forced to hurt you," Bart responded, clinching his fist.

"We came here because we thought someone needed our help, and then help you need is something we don't give," Jessica added with venom.

"Your bitch is a feisty one, isn't she?" the man asked Bart... and then he pulled out a silver colored device and pointed it at them.

"I bet you don't get a piece of ass unless she allows it... do you?" the man asked Bart while he pointed the device at them. Then he added, "What if I made it where Jessica here never refuses you again... ? What if I made it where she'll hunger for your cock every second of the day?"

"Go to hell!" Jessica screamed just before the man fired his device, enveloping the three of them in a strange greenish glow! Desperately, she tried to move but found she couldn't budge a muscle!

"What happened... what did you do?" Ray asked in panic.

"We didn't want any trouble," Bart added.

The man smiled before he turned around and pointed the device at the car.

"Please don't hurt her!" Ray cried out.

The man enveloped the whole car in a reddish glow and moments later Wendy emerged as if in a trance!

"I can tell this one is yours, Ray... and it appears that you have a genuine affection for her, so let me transform her more to your liking."

"Please... just leave us alone," Jessica shouted... more frightened now than angry.

"Be patient... feisty one. You'll get your turn," the man replied and then he used the device again on Wendy... this time enveloping her in a pinkish glow.

Seconds later Wendy's clothes disintegrated leaving her stark naked... and then they watched as Wendy began to alter shape right before their eyes! Prior, Wendy had stood about 5'6" with strawberry blonde hair that fell just past her shoulders... but now she was noticeably shorter and her hair reached her ass! Before, her breasts were small, apple-sized at best, but now they were incredibly huge! She looked like some sex creature that just stepped out of some sex fantasy!

"Oh my God, Wendy... are you alright?" Ray asked in shock.

"Yeah... but I feel... I feel 'sooooo' strange," she responded. "What happened to me?" she asked as she looked down at herself.

Jessica couldn't believe what she was seeing... then she watched as Wendy brought her hands up and cupped her new boobs.

"Oohhhhhhhhhh... there's so sensitive," Wendy cooed... and it was only then that she noticed her nudity. "Where's my clothes?" she asked, smiling... not appearing overly concerned.

The man then turned to Jessica.

"No!" she shouted, but in an instant, the pinkish glow was enveloping her... sending tingling pleasurable sensations throughout her body... and then her clothes disintegrated and she joined Wendy in her nudity! Her short dark hair turned blonde and then fell down her back like a curtain... her slim athletic figure turned shapely and voluptuous... her once modest-sized bust expanded into huge full rounded boobs... and she shrank in height!

She looked down at her new body and wondered how this was possible... and then glanced over at Wendy, who was currently playing with herself. Did she even realize it? Then she felt something that stunned her. The sight of Wendy was turning her on!

"Well boys, do you like your bitches now?" the man asked with a smile.

Both Ray and Bart stood there speechless.

"Change us back," she demanded, feeling her new arousal more noticeably.

"Most certainly not... and before you go copping an attitude with me, remember, you and your bimbo friend will be servicing me at my discretion... so be nice."

"Like hell I will! You may have turned me into your sick demented sex fantasy physically, but I'm still very much myself mentally," Jessica responded.

"Don't go blaming me for your new appearance... blame your boyfriends," the man responded, chuckling.

"Huh?" she responded.

"The standard package includes huge boobs and bisexuality, but everything else from hair color, to length, eye color, to body figure and height are all preferences of your boyfriends," the man emphasized, smiling.

Jessica turned to Bart alarmed and saw him blushing. "Why didn't you just date Heather?" she asked, sarcastically.

Bart didn't respond and turned a deeper shade of red.

"This is crazy," Ray whispered.

"I'm feeling really, really horny," Wendy suddenly announced in her new sexy voice... while not really directing her comment to anyone specifically.

Jessica had to make a conscious effort not to go to her.

"I... I need it real bad," Wendy complained, groaning.

"You see, Ray... it doesn't have to be you... she'd do anybody at this point. Although Jessica isn't feeling the full effects yet, she's pretty much in the same boat. They're no longer exclusive and will never discriminate towards sex again, regardless the gender," the man declared, smiling.

"You turned them into lesbians?" Bart asked, dumbfounded.

"Bisexuals would be a more accurate description... and what's more, self pleasuring no longer satisfies them, forcing them to seek a sexual partner."

"I'll kill you," Jessica responded.

"Oh goddddddddddddd," Wendy moaned... "I neeeeeeeed it real bad," she panted, moving three of her fingers down to her wet pussy below... while her other hand played with her new boobs.

"Wendy... come here and kneel before me," the man commanded.

Wendy suddenly stopped fingering herself and assumed a kneeling position before the man.

Jessica's eyes lit up with shock, noting the lustful worship-like gaze of Wendy as she looked at the man... and she shuddered to think that she would be doing the same. She squirmed with her own increasing need and blushed when she could no longer refrain from touching herself. "Unnngggggggghhhhhhhhhh," she groaned, as she entered herself.

"You've turned them into sex crazed animals," she heard Bart scream, but it no longer concerned her.

"Not entirely... at least not in Jessica's case. For you see, unlike Wendy, I've left Jessica's mind intact because you've always been turned on by her intellect, so when you see her like this, her body is overruling her brain. Even now as she fingers herself, she's very much aware... but her 'need' will not be denied. Ray, you preferred Wendy to be a bimbo when it came to sex, and as a result we've turned down her IQ every time she gets horny."

"I don't understand any of this," Ray mumbled.

"Not to bright, huh... ? You see, when Wendy goes into 'heat', her IQ is reduced... while Jessica on the other hand will experience one embarrassing moment after another."

"You fuck!" Jessica suddenly screamed out with her last burst of willpower. "How dare... ungggghhhhhh... you do this to me," she cried while continuing to finger-fuck herself.

"Behave yourself or I won't let you service me," the man responded.

A slap in the face couldn't have hit her any harder and suddenly the mere thought that she wouldn't be allowed to service this man scared the hell out of her... and it didn't matter in the least that her feelings were artificially induced.

"Come over here and kneel next to your friend," the man commanded with a grin.

Quickly, she complied... overwhelmed with a desire to please this man. Now, she was on her knees before him, lusting for his cock like Wendy.

"Wendy is submissive all of the time... while Jessica is submissive when reprimanded," the man added, smiling.

"Wait! I never wanted her to be submissive," Bart argued.

"You secretly wished that she wouldn't give you a hard time when you argued and that equates to the same thing."

"Why are you doing all this?" Bart asked.

"Well... I could tell you something like... I do this because I can... but let's face it... that's been played to death. So, I'll be honest and tell you the author of this story has always felt that every beautiful girl should be rendered submissive and perpetually horny... and have an overwhelming desire to please... plus, the author has a thing for female-female, especially when one or both are innocent."

"You're kidding... right?" Bart asked.

"Well, you never know with this author. I mean... why would anyone write these stories if they didn't actually have a penchant for this in real life?"

"Hey... I hate to interrupt this discussion, but would you mind getting back to this story?" Ray asked.

"Oh... ah... anyway, the four of you are carriers now... and this means you'll have the ability to transform every girl in Hootersville into real Hootersville girls."

"How?" Ray asked.

"Well... you and Bart will find yourselves with a perpetual hard-on for every girl you see... and I've added a new pheromone to your mix that will put the girls in the proper mood."

"This is just like the movie we saw PRETTY COOL!" Ray responsed.

"Movie... ? PRETTY COOL! You mean the film written and directed by Rolfe Kanefsky?!? Produced by Alain Siritsky?!? They're heralded as pioneers in this genre for their ability to crack the mainstream audience!" the man replied with a smile.

"Hey, will we be in danger of getting girls pregnant?" Bart asked with concern.

"Only if you wish them to get pregnant," the man replied.

"So, every girl in Hootersville is going to be turned into a bimbo?" Ray asked.

"They might with you due to your underlining wishes, but basically their IQ is pretty much dictated by her turns them. They will however receive the standard package of big tits and bisexuality, so every girl in Hootersville will actually possess big hooters," the man replied.

"So, we transform them by fucking them?"

"No. The girls transform when they drink your semen," the man responded.

"You said our girlfriends are carriers, too?" Ray asked.

"Yes, your girlfriends also possess a special pheromone that also affects females... and it won't matter that they're heterosexual. Once they breath in the pheromone, it'll induce a sexual desire in them too powerful to resist... and after they go down on your girlfriends and drink their cum, they'll also transform into Hootersville girls."

"Will this mean that every girl Jessica and Wendy turns into a Hootersville girl will become a lesbian?" Bart asked.

"They'll be bisexual... but will also find themselves mentally linked to whomever turns them, therefore... other than sex, they'll basically hold their reins," the man replied.

"You really are into girls being bisexual, aren't you?" Ray asked.

"Ah... you can thank the author for that," the man replied, shrugging his shoulders.

Jessica tried following the dialogue but her need was making it impossible.

"One last thing... my servicing," the man added... smiling.

Jessica's eyes lit up when the man's clothes disintegrated.

"First... to get me in the mood, the first one to make the other cum will have the honor of servicing me first," the man announced.

Before she was able to turn, Wendy pushed her to the ground and quickly moved her head down between her legs... and she knew that it wouldn't take much for her friend to win the honor.

II.

Jessica sat quietly on the ride back into town... embarrassment would have been an understatement. Despite the last hour of nonstop sex, she was becoming hornier by the second... and it didn't help that Wendy was in the backseat giving Ray a blowjob!

She still blushed at what she and Wendy had been forced to do... or more accurately - enjoy. After Wendy made her cum within seconds of entering her with her tongue, she then had to watch Wendy perform orally on the man. Then after Wendy swallowed a mouthful, she was provided the honor of getting the man hard again... which didn't take that long. Then together they pleasured the man while finger-fucking each other at the same time. She blushed at how hungry they were to clean the man's cum off each other's face. Then, of course, this led to more lovemaking and if it hadn't been for their boyfriends instructing them to stop, they'd still be at it. It hadn't mattered once that neither one of them had ever made love to another girl before... nor did it matter that their boyfriends probably watched.

She glanced in the back seat and saw Wendy's bobbing head... and instead of being disgusted like she would have been before her transformation; she wished that she could join in.

"Are you all right?" Bart asked, breaking her train of thought.

She flinched when he placed his hand on her thigh... knowing it was meant to be comforting, but instead generating more need. "I've been turned into a huge titted Barbie Doll with a perpetual need to fuck, how would I not be alright?" she responded, sarcastically.

She could see Bart react to her plight... but she didn't want his pity, she wanted his cock.

"You'll get through this... I promise" Bart replied... and when he went to move his hand away, she grabbed it and moved it down between her legs.

"I'll pull over so we can make love," Bart stated... smiling.

"I don't need you to make love to me... I just need a fuck," she groaned.

III.

"What a night" Bart sighed as he climbed his stairs. He had dropped Ray and Wendy off at Ray's house an hour ago and just got done fucking Jessica before dropping her off at her house. He was exhausted... yet growing horny again.

Maybe he should have had Jessica stay the night with him. He could always call her... and she'd have no choice but to come over. He smiled as he reflected on Jessica's new look. He had always fantasized about fucking a petite girl with huge boobs... and always considered Heather's long blonde hair incredibly beautiful. Obviously, this is why Jessica looked like the way she did now... and to be honest, he only felt slightly guilty. Anyway, now that Jessica resembled Heather, he'd have to make it a point to visit Heather tomorrow... and turn her personally.

As he walked down the hallway, he noticed his sister's light on inside her bedroom. What was she still doing up? He knew that she had a soccer game tomorrow morning and she was usually a stickler about getting her rest. Suddenly, he saw an image of Haley stark naked! His sister had gone from 'tomboy' to 'hottie' over this past summer and it hadn't taken long before the boys discovered her. She was on her third boyfriend and currently dating the Captain of the boys' high school soccer team. Based on how lovey-dovey they appeared, he was pretty sure that she was doing it.

Then quite suddenly the door opened up and...

"Hey!" Haley cried, bumping straight into him.

Haley's body crushed up against his... and he enjoyed the feel of her shapely breasts.

"Sorry," he responded, grinning down at her.

She blushed while glancing down at his crotch and saw that he was hard... and then rushed to the bathroom without saying a word.

IV.

Haley was pissed. What the hell was her brother doing standing outside her bedroom? She stood gazing at herself in the mirror as she reflected on the experience. She might be pissed, but she was also aroused. Based on the feel of her brother's hardened member, she wasn't the only one aroused. She blushed at her incestuous thoughts and was surprised by them.

"Damn" she muttered to herself. She'd become obsessed with sex ever since Nick deflowered her. Thanks to her boyfriend, who awakened a whole new side of her, sex was all she could think of... but why was her brother suddenly provoking similar feelings?

There was something about the way he smelled and she wondered if he was wearing cologne. Slowly, she lightly caressed her breasts...

"God, what am I doing?" she asked herself. She walked over to the toilet to pee... and when she went to clean herself, she nearly jumped! Why was she so horny?

She began to fantasize about her brother's hard naked body while her fingered traveled down below again... and she proceeded to stroke herself harder and faster with growing need... but she suddenly realized it wasn't enough and that she needed more!

Haley pulled her panties up and closed and retied her bathrobe... then rushed to her brother's bedroom. She paused for a few moments before knocking.

"Wait a second," she heard Bart through the door and she felt a tingling from the sound of his voice... and when he opened the door, she nearly gasped with even greater need. Bart stood there wearing just his Calvin Klein briefs and her eyes were drawn to the outline of his rock hard cock!

"Why were you out so late?" she asked, trying not to sound stupid and blushing because she couldn't tear her eyes away from his crotch.

"Go back to bed, Haley... I'll talk to you in the morning," he responded, glaring at her.

"I... I need to talk to you," she pleaded, knowing she sounded desperate.

Bart just stared at her... almost as if he was struggling with something... and then he opened the door wider to allow her in.

She walked into his room and there was that smell again... permeating the air like a thick blanket. She wanted to fuck him in the worst way, so when he came up from behind her and cupped her breasts... she groaned encouragingly in response.

"There's no point in delaying this any longer," he whispered and then stripped off her robe... then her panties... and led her to his bed. She could feel herself leaking with need.

Bart proceeded to positioned himself in-between her legs... and then in one swift motion, entered her...

"Unngghhhhhhhh," she cried out, climaxing the second he thrust into her and she whimpered with greater passion as Bart proceeded to fuck her! Harder and faster, he plummeted in and out of her, eliciting one orgasm after another... but just before he was about to cum himself, he moved his cock up to her mouth, where she worshipped it with even greater need... and when he came, she swallowed every precious drop.

Her last thought before her transformation began, was how could something that felt so 'right' be so wrong?

V.

Jessica looked at herself in the bathroom mirror in stunned amazement. She thought she looked like a teenage Pamela Anderson and cursed Bart for his preferences.

She wondered how she was going to explain everything... thinking she might be able to claim that she was wearing fake contacts to explain her new baby blues... she might even convince a few that she dyed her hair blonde and was wearing hair extensions. Convincing people that she got herself a boob job might be a little harder... but how in the hell would she explain losing half a foot in height?

Then her attention turned to her younger sister and the fact that they shared the same bedroom. Would sleeping in the same room expose her to her new pheromones? Then again if she didn't turn her sister that would mean either Bart, Ray or Wendy would and she wasn't sure if she wanted her sister becoming one of their slaves.

VI.

Wendy smiled... her pussy having just received a thorough workout... and now she lay nestled close to Ray, basking in the feel of him.

Now that she wasn't horny, though, she did have mixed emotions. On one hand the sex was incredible... but on the other hand she knew that she should feel angry at being turned into an air-headed bimbo. Still... she absolutely loved her new boobs.

VII.

Ray slowly slid out of bed making sure not to wake Wendy. He smiled down at her, amazed at how beautiful she became. They had just enjoyed their best 'fuck' yet. He loved her sexy new look... her new giggle... her new docility... but most of all - he loved her.

He went downstairs to the kitchen for something to eat and was surprised to find his younger sister sitting at the table.

"Well, well, well..." she flippantly greeted him, "are you two finally done for the night?"

"Sorry," he responded, blushing.

"Wendy's a screamer, huh? It is Wendy up there with you, isn't it?"

"Yeah," he replied, still blushing.

"She fucking woke me up!" his sister yelled.

"I said I'm sorry," he restated, walking past her to see what was in the refrigerator. He grabbed some left over pizza and took a seat directly across from her. It was then that he noticed a strange look in her eyes.

"Are you alright?" he asked, confused.

"I... yeah... you smell... nice," she stammered, breathing heavily through her nose.

Then his eyes lit up! He had forgotten how his new pheromones would affect his sister and now that he was seeing her response, he suddenly saw an image of her sucking his cock! "Wha... what smell?" he stammered, trying to contain his excitement.

"I... I'm not sure," she whispered, licking her lips and bringing her hands up to caress her neck.

He took a bite out of his pizza while he watched his sister grow more and more aroused... and when he was finished and started to stand...

"No!" she suddenly cried out, reaching across the table to grab his arm.

PRETTY COOL, he thought with a grin. Then he offered his hand to her and proceeded to lead her out of the kitchen.

"Where... where are we going?" she asked, timidly... all her previous anger forgotten.

"Up to my room," he replied, smiling.

"Why?" she whispered, nervously.

"So we can fuck," he replied.

"Oh," she responded, unresisting.

"Tell me, sis... have you ever been with a girl before?" he asked, smiling.

With downcast eyes she nodded her head yes.

"Really... ?" he responded, surprised... and then he added, "Then you won't mind Wendy joining in, will you?"

"No," she whispered, blushing even more.

Just before they were about to enter his bedroom, he stopped and turned to her. "I didn't know you were into licking pussy... anyone I know?"

VIII. The Next Morning

"Oh my... god!" Haley cried out. She was standing naked before her brother's bedroom mirror staring at her reflection... cupping her incredibly huge boobs.

"Hi sis," her brother chuckled from his bed, "you were great last night."

"How is this possible?" she asked without turning around.

"Long story so I'll fill you in later, but for now you'd better go take your shower otherwise you might be late for your soccer game," Bart replied.

"Soccer... ? How am I going to play with these things?" she asked, turning around to present her new boobs.

"I'm sure they'll bounce around a whole lot more, but you should still be able to play," Bart responded.

"Did... did we really have sex last night?" she asked, trying to make sense of all this.

"I wouldn't be too hard on yourself... you really didn't have a choice."

"Did you hypnotize me? Is this what all this is about? Are these even real?" she asked, cupping her boobs again.

"Come here," Bart commanded, patting the edge of his bed.

She turned around and did as she was told and blushed when she saw that he was hard. She remembered how much she worshipped it last night, remembering it in two of her wholes.

"You're a Hootersville girl now," her brother stated.

"I... I don't understand," she whispered, confused... but at the same time she was feeling increasingly horny for him again.

"My pheromones affect girls like an aphrodisiac... and when they... or in this case, you, perform orally on me, you transform into Hootersville girl."

"You mean this is permanent?" she asked.

"You mean your new boobs?" Bart asked in response.

"No. I mean my attraction to you," she whispered, blushing a deeper shade of red.

"Yeah... afraid so," Bart replied.

She blushed as she got up to put her bathrobe on... and then headed out of Bart's room.

IX.

Jennifer groaned as she licked her sister's creamy petals...

"Jenn, I'm going to cum again," she heard her older sister groan.

This prompted her to thrust her tongue in deeper... and when her sister did cry out from yet another orgasm, she then collapsed her mouth on top of her sister's blonde bush... basking in the aftermath...

She remembered waking up to a heavenly aroma that filled the air she breathed... and feeling oh so horny.

She glanced over at her sister and saw that she was sleeping.

Then slowly, she slid her hands over her body; feeling more and more aroused, while fantasizing about... Jessica? She blushed, wondering where that came from! She glanced back over at Jessica and felt a rush of desire for her. What the hell? Why was she attracted to her now?

As she stared at her darkened form from across the room, she slipped her hand underneath the elastic of her panties and began fingering herself. She wished it was Jessica fingering her... and this continued to confuse her. She never thought about a girl in a sexual way before... and certainly not her sister!

"Jennifer, are you alright?" Jessica suddenly asked.

She blushed... had her sister caught her masturbating? Had she moaned and not even realized it? She looked down at her covers and saw that they were bunched up at the foot of her bed.

"Jennifer?" Jessica called out again.

"I... I'm all right... just a little restless," she whispered, removing her sticky fingers.

"Are you scared?" Jessica asked.

"I... I don't know," she responded... was she?

"Come join me... we'll cuddle," Jessica responded.

At any other time she would have jumped at the opportunity, as they often cuddled together. They were unique sisters in that they got along so great and openly loved one another... and despite their affection, they never once felt sexual for one another, so why now? She was worried that if she joined Jessica in bed that she wouldn't be able to control her new desires. "That's alright," she whispered, resisting the temptation.

"Don't be silly... come sleep with me... now."

Jessica's words elicited a delicious tingling deep inside of her... and slowly, even before she realized it, she slipped out of bed... and into Jessica's bed. It was when Jessica moved up against her to hug her from behind that she suddenly felt them! They were HUGE... and someone how Jessica seemed shorter! She tried to get up to see what was going on, but her sister hugged her tight against her body... and when did her hair turn long?

"I love you," Jessica whispered and then she felt her cup her very 'wet' mound.

"Ooohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh," she groaned as pleasure spread throughout her.

"I love you," she heard again and proceeded to kiss every inch and crevice of hers, while she whimpered with one orgasm after another.

It was some time later that night when she was licking her sister's pussy that she felt her breasts begin to grow... and boy did they grow and grow and grow!

"Do you like them?" Jessica asked her, referring to her new boobs.

"They're so big!" she replied, smiling, "but yeah, I... I love them."

"Our new relationship must be discreet," Jessica insisted.

"Anything you wish," she quickly replied, knowing that she would do anything her older sister asked of her.

Epilogue (One Week Later)

"Man, look at the HOOTERS on that chick!" Ted exclaimed, as they pulled into the convenience store parking lot. The teenaged girl was dressed in skintight faded blue jeans and a bright red tube top.

Tonya slapped Ted on the back of the head, eliciting laughter from Frank and Cheryl.

Then the four of them got out of the car and headed up towards the entrance.

Frank got a better look at the girl and was amazed by her beauty. At this point the teen was leaning on a rail, twirling her ass-long strawberry blonde hair and smiling at them.

"Hi," she greeted them with a giggle.

"Hi yourself," Frank responded, forcing himself to gaze at her face instead of her boobs. "My name is Frank and this is my girlfriend, Cheryl... and that's Ted and Tonya."

"I'm Wendy," the girl replied, giggling.

"Nice to meet you, Wendy," he replied, smiling.

"Do any of you live in Hootersville?" Wendy asked.

"We do," Cheryl responded, indicating Tonya as well.

"Cool... my girlfriend and I are doing a survey for a school project," Wendy responded... giggling again.

Frank then noticed another teenaged girl with equally impressive boobs heading their way. "Who's that?" he asked.

"That's my girlfriend, Jessica," Wendy replied, smiling.

The teens greeted each other with a kiss, surprising him... and the sudden image of the two of them doing more than kissing made him hard.

"What's the survey about?" Cheryl asked.

"Oh... ah... I'd rather Jessica explain it... she's much smarter than I am."

"How much smarter can one bimbo be over another bimbo" Frank thought to himself chuckling... and Cheryl must have picked up on it because she caught him in the side with her elbow.

"Would you girls mind doing the survey?" Jessica asked.

"How long will it take?" Tanya asked in response.

"About five minutes," Wendy replied.

"All right... you guys get the munchies while Tonya and I take the survey," Cheryl responded.

Ted grumbled about wanting to stay, but one look from Tonya squashed that.

"Come on, Ted," Frank chuckled, heading into the store.

Frank picked up a few items before glancing outside to see how the girls were progressing... and he saw all four of them giggling. Maybe deep down all girls were bimbos, he chuckled to himself.

When they exited the store, the girls were surprisingly gone... and they were shocked to see them walking down the street with the teenagers.

"Hey, where you going?" Ted called out to them.

Neither of them answered or looked back.

"What the hell is going on?" he yelled out... and again they were ignored.

"It looks like they're heading for that motel over there," Ted added, pointing further down the street.

"No shit," he whispered.

The last thing either one of them saw was one of the teenagers cupping Tonya's ass.

"I... I never felt this way before," Cheryl stammered, feeling more aroused for this teenaged girl than she ever thought possible. Jessica had already stripped off her shirt and was working on her jeans. She turned and saw that Tonya and Wendy were already naked and on the bed kissing.

"Don't fight it, just go with it," Jessica whispered, kissing a trail down her stomach.

"I've... I've never done it with a girl before," she whispered, and then gasped when Jessica pulled down her black thong panties. Why did she want this girl so much?

"You'll cum more from my kisses than you've ever cum before," Jessica responded.

Then she was lowered onto the bed next to Tonya as Jessica positioned herself between her legs. She was amazed to think that she and her best friend had been so easily seduced by these teenager girls.

"I... I'm going to cum!" she heard Tonya whimper beside her... and it was then that Jessica entered her with her tongue!

"Ooohhhhhhhhhhhh,, " she cried in response, feeling ready to explode herself and then the both of them cried out from orgasms...

"Now our turn," Jessica announced and after catching their breaths... they switched places.

Cheryl was slightly nervous about going down on Jessica. Never in her life had she ever entertained the thought, but there was something about the way this girl smelled that turned her on. She began licking, enjoying her delicious taste and then quite passionately she devoured her! She could also hear Tanya lapping at Wendy beside her.

It was after the teenagers exploded into their mouths that they all basked in the aftermath. Both of them licked their lips, enjoying the taste of their lovers cum.

Cheryl then started to feel a pleasant tingling inside her breasts and was shocked to see them growing! She turned to Tonya and saw that her boobs were growing as well!

"Ooooooooohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh," both of them moaned as they began to play with them.