Chapter 1
Posted: March 18, 2011 - 09:03:12 am

There's seven of us, including Mom and Dad. That means a large house and one that is noisy and busy almost all the time. So, time alone is a rarity and it's mostly hustle-bustle every waking minute.

This story is mostly about my older sister, Hannah, and me. Now, all my sisters are older than I am, there's three of them and Hannah is one year older than me, I'm fourteen, she's fifteen. The other two are twins and they were going off to college in the fall.

It all started one night when we were in the den together, miraculously, just the two of us, watching an old movie on Turner Classic Movies. Now, while we do argue like you might expect brothers and sisters to do, we also like each other and confide in each other and share with one another about whatever is going on in our lives.

I guess my sister is pretty cute, I've had some friends who've asked me about her, even a few that want to know if I've ever seen her naked, well, they're boys, you know. But, honestly, I've never exactly looked at her that way. Like I said, she's cute and she has long, brown hair down past her waist and it's real shiny and glossy. She also has a smile that sparkles. So, well, I guess she is pretty.

Any way, we were watching this movie, our other siblings were out doing something and our parents were off with Riley, the youngest, he's seven, and, according to our folks, rather a surprise when he showed up. Otherwise, I'd be the youngest. They were off to visit a some relatives, so it was just Hannah and me at home.

The movie we were watching, well, I lost the coin flip and Hannah got to choose, was an old black and white one about a murder and a private detective and the dead guy's sister who the private eye starts to get interested in. It was really pretty dull, no fights and stuff, mostly talk, and then, as the guy is saying goodnight to the woman, they end up kissing and, well, it was pretty hot. Yeah, an old movie, it was a closeup and pretty hot stuff.

So, I'm taking careful note of what their lips are doing, how they line-up, is there any tongue going on, when I felt a touch on my shoulder. I jumped and Hannah started to laugh.

"You're sure watching them kiss, Cody, you were really in to it."

"Huh? Oh, come on, it's just a dumb old movie."

"Yeah but you should have seen yourself, you were really into it, them kissing. Don't tell me you've never kissed a girl, oh, Cody."

Well, that pissed me off. It was true, yes, true but damned if I wanted my sister to know about it or, worse, tease me about it.

I knew my face was red and I think she realized she'd stepped a bit too far.

"Aw, I'm sorry, Cody, I just thought ... well, I'm sorry. I mean it's okay if you haven't, really okay. Maybe you just need some practice, like with me?"

"You're my sister," I said though that was pretty obvious.

"Well, if you really want to learn how to kiss, you can practice on me, I mean, look, I'm right here. There's nothing to be nervous about, I'm not like I'm a girl from your school or anything."

"I ... I don't know."

"I won't tell anyone, it's just you and me."

"Well, what am I supposed to do? How hard should I press my lips on you?"

"Look, let's just try it," and she leaned over and touched her lips to mine using just the exact right pressure. It was nice. And, amazingly, it was my sister.

"See, that's just a nice ordinary kiss."

I thought it was much nicer than ordinary but then she added, "Now, a little more, this time," and she came back and kissed me again, harder, longer and moved her head around as she did it.

"How was that?"

I told her it was nice and she asked me to do it to her this time so I leaned over put my arms around her and kissed her the way she had just done. It was really nice and ... well, I had a boner. My own sister. I felt warm in my face and I could tell my heart rate was quicker, and this was my sister, Hannah, my own sister.

"Now, let's say you really like the girl and you know she likes you, okay? So here's how that kiss would be," and she leaned to me, her hand came up to my cheek to caress me as her lips pressed mine but she was keeping her lips nice and soft. I had my arms around her and it was really nice even if it was my sister.

Finally, she pulled her bead back and said, "Well, Cody, that should get you by with any girl in school. You kiss pretty good now."

"Well, um, what about..." and I stopped.

"What? What about what?"

"Um, using your tongue. I know people do that."

"Well, um, yeah, okay. Let's do it again," and she leaned her head back as my arms encircled her and our lips came together. This time, she slid her tongue into my mouth, first just the tip, then more, moving it around. This was definitely sexy, my dick was all tingly and my heart was thumping.

I know if you're reading this, you're thinking, 'Well, okay, a little tongue action, big deal.'

It was a big deal, I had a hard-on like no other. She kissed me like that for minute or two, it was really sexy, I just didn't want it to quit. But, then she pulled away.

"You never did anything, Cody, you should use your tongue, too. Let's do it again."

Well I was all for it, so I leaned in and we both tongued each other's mouths for a minute or so. It was so sexy. Then it was over.

"Okay, now you've got the whole kissing thing down. Oh, well, hmm, there is a bit more if you're really hot for the girl and you know she's hot for you. It's kind of advanced frenching."

"Can we try it?" I asked knowing I really wanted to do it if it was sexier.

"Um, yeah, I guess," and she leaned forward and kissed me, opening her lips so I slid my tongue inside and she started sucking on it. God, she was sucking my tongue. Was that sexy, was that hot? I thought my pants might explode.

She did it for a minute or two then put her tongue in my mouth and I began sucking on it. Oh, man, it might not be sex but it was sure feeling like sex.

When we broke off, we both seemed a bit red-faced and slightly out of breath.

"That's really sexy, Hannah, wow, really hot."

"Well, like I said, it's for a girl you've kind of got the hots for," and I reached back for her and kissed her hard sucking her tongue when it entered my mouth. She never pulled away, never pushed me off, we had slipped down some, I was laying over her some, now, we just kissed on for another minute or so.

When we came apart, I sat back up straight, it felt a little funny, a little uncomfortable now, we'd just kissed like boyfriend and girlfriend, one's that had been more than just casual with each other.

She looked down, I had a pair of sweatpants on and, well, you know what she saw. There was a dark, wet spot right in the center of the bulge in my pants. She said, "Um, I think that's enough practice for now, um, we'd better stop." That was all that was said about it but we both knew we'd gotten pretty heated up doing what we were doing. I was so embarrassed, but also so turned-on.

We watched the movie until it ended which wasn't long after that, then each went off to bed. I don't know about Hannah but I jacked-off twice before I was calm enough to sleep. Then, another one in the middle of the night.

The next day was a Saturday and, like so often, there were people in and out of the house all day but my thoughts were on her most of the time. I did catch up with her late in the afternoon and asked her if we could meet out back after dinner, there was a small fort our sisters had built but long since abandoned. I still used it sometimes and kept it fairly clean and mostly spider-free. I told her I'd like to practice some more and she said she'd been kind of wanting to as well.

We couldn't risk being away from everyone for too long but, well, we did get some practice in on our tonguing and tongue-sucking techniques.

Over the next few days, we were able to steal a little time here and there to practice, as we called it. Well, you and I both know we were now wanting to neck and make out some.

There was one time, it was the next Thursday afternoon, when just by luck the two of us were home alone. We went to Hannah's room and were immediately in each other's arms. I was rubbing her back as we kissed when I slipped one of my hands up the back of her shirt onto her skin and across the back of her bra.

I instantly got harder, if that was even possible, and she never winced or made any move to stop it. After that my hands were both up under her shirt gliding over her soft, smooth skin and sending my cock into spasms of ecstasy.

We didn't keep any pretense now of learning how to kiss, it was clear, if unspoken, that we were both getting a sexual charge out of our embraces and caresses and I was touching Hannah in some way or other whenever I knew we were alone. And she often had her blouse or shirt untucked making it easier for me to slide my hands up under and caress her back with my hands while we kissed.

It was several weeks later when we got our next opportunity to be alone for any decent length of time.

It was a Saturday night and our parents went to bed, our younger brother, Riley, was already asleep for hours and our sisters were out on dates or at sleepovers. We were on the couch watching television when our parents decided to call it a night and I know my heart beat faster just knowing we would soon be to ourselves.

We both just watched on for a few minutes, not giving each other the idea that this was a long-awaited event when Hannah moved over next to me and we were immediately necking, kissing and hugging as I worked my hands up under my sister's shirt in the back.

I had her leaning back on the sofa as I was over the front of her kissing and slowly moved my hand back around to her front and onto her stomach. There was no hint that she wanted me to stop, so I moved my hand up onto her bra as my heart beat faster and faster. I knew now that I was in sex territory and that this would likely go further. Yet, she made no move to stop.

I was feeling the fabric of her bra as I squeezed and rubbed softly. It was sexy in a way but the cloth didn't feel as nice as her skin, even the skin on her back or stomach.

Then, she moved her hands off me and leaned forward as I felt her bra loosen. She had unfastened it in the back. I immediately went back to kissing her as my hand moved higher, right onto her bare breast, cupping it, feeling the hard, excited nipple that I so wanted to kiss and suck. Oh, this was heaven. We didn't say anything to each other, we just both knew this was where we each wanted to go, we wanted our necking to go on to sex.

As my fingers massaged my sister's breast, I heard her softly moan as we kissed on. I was ecstatic having my hand on bare boob and it felt so nice. I know now that at fifteen, Hannah's bra size was thirty-four-B and they nicely filled my hands. They were so soft yet so firm, almost feeling hard inside, and so warm and sexy.

I couldn't tell you what the movie was that we had on, we certainly weren't watching it, we were hotly making-out, brother and sister. I was also over my sister kissing her and keeping a sharp eye on the stairs on the lookout for Mom or Dad, a dreaded concern whic, h even though I was concerned, seemed to do nothing to keep my erection down.

Hannah also had my teeshirt pulled up to just under my arms and was rubbing her soft hand over my chest which just felt wonderful. As we had been kissing, we had also slowly been slipping down on the sofa and were now almost horizontal with me pretty much over her.

In addition to our kissing, we were licking each other on the neck and she had also spread her legs some so my legs were now in between hers and I began doing what seems so natural, I began moving my middle, rubbing up and down between her legs. It only took a minute or two of that for her to open her legs wider and put her feet up behind my legs, pulling me tighter.

Hannah was moaning some now and we were both breathing hard, kissing, my hand caressing her breasts. I could tell she was positioning herself for me to rub her right in the middle of her legs, then I felt her hand push down between us, down low.

"What are you doing?" I asked her.

"Mmm, making myself feel good. You know, how girls do it."

Well, I didn't know. Since then, of course, I've learned all about female masturbation, but then, well, it was never talked about among my friends, I don't think any of us knew girls got off too, even if it was a different way.

"You mean like jacking-off?"

"Yeah, girls rub themselves there and, well, they put a finger inside, you know."

"No, I guess I didn't know," I told her as I kept moving my hips, now mostly against the back of her hand.

"Mmm, this feels so good, does it hurt you, with your jeans so tight?" she asked softly.

"Yeah, kind of."

"Why don't you slide them down?"

"Don't know if I should, you know..."

"You can do whatever you want. I want mine down so I can rub myself better," and she reached down and pulled her shorts down. I lifted up and undid mine and wiggled them down to my ankles and was able to get one side off altogether. I really was more focused on other things as you can imagine.

I could now feel her rubbing herself, so I decided to ask her about it.

"So girls rub like you're doing?"

"Yeah, it's not like you boys do, we don't have anything hanging out to rub, so we do the outside and sometimes put our fingers inside. After we kiss and stuff, I usually go up to my room and do it. Sometimes a lot. So I can have an orgasm, you know, cum."

"You shoot stuff out like I do?" I asked. Yes, I know ... dumb, well, I didn't know.

"No, silly, don't you know about that? Boys shoot their cum out, well, why am I telling you that. I'm sure you do it all the time. Girls, well, we get wet inside and sometimes it comes out but just wetness, not globs of juice."

"Well, I go up to my room after and, well, I do it, too. More than once, too, maybe three times," I admitted.

"I usually do it more than once as well, it just gets me so hot when we kiss and stuff."

"I hope you don't want to stop," I said with my heart in my throat.

"I don't ever want to stop, Cody," she said softly as she hugged me to her and kissed me deeply.

Chapter 2
Posted: March 18, 2011 - 09:03:12 am

"I've been having dreams about you, Hannah, I haven't told you that."

"What about? Oh, maybe I can guess, huh?" she said smiling up at me in the dim, flickering light from the television.

"Well, they're really hot dreams, I wake up with a giant hard-on, then have to do something about it, you know."

"Dreaming about me really makes you hard?"

"Oh, you just don't know."

"What are we doing in your dreams, Cody?"

"Different things but mostly were naked and I'm, well, I'm making love to you."

"Wow, you really dream about me like that? That's so sexy."

"You're not mad?"

"I think it's cool, that you dream about me like that," and she pulled my head down and kissed me as we both humped slowly against each other.

I had on a pair of boxers and, as I was moving back and forth, my dick had come out the front opening and was now sliding along my sister silken panties. It felt wonderful, so sexy, so hot.

Hannah suddenly threw her head back and groaned, "Oh, oh, uh, uh, mmm, oh, mmm, oh, uh," and pulled me tight to her.

"You okay, Hannah?" I asked.

"Oh, yes, I'm just wonderful, I just cummed. It made me cum, what we're doing."

"Wow, I didn't know we could do it like this. Well, it does feel really good, sliding on you like this."

"Mmm, here," and she slid her hand down between us and put it over my dick, pressing it tightly to her silk panties as I slid back and forth on the wetness. It was heavenly.

"Oh, Sis, that just feels so good, oh, man, it's ... uh, UH, uh, unh, unh, mmm, oh, Hannah, oh, man, I got you all covered with ... oh geez."

"Your cum, Cody. It's all right as long as it's not in me. It's all over my belly, can't get pregnant that way. Get me the box of tissues over there," she asked as I got up, my so happy cock waving back and forth as I moved.

Then she carefully cleaned my dick and the front of her where I'd shot off over her.

I lay down again, this time next to her as she asked, "Was it good, feel good?"

"Oh, it was so good, so much better than when I do it."

"Mmm, me too, lots better. I really liked doing it. I've been wondering about giving you a handjob, ever have one?"

"Just my own."

"Well, sure, I mean any girls ever done it for you?"

"No, I wish."

"I will."

I heard her, I heard her say she'd jack me off.

"Whenever you want, just tell me and, if we can be alone, I'll do it. I'll just be your girlfriend."

"What can I do for you?" I asked as she put her fingers around my dick sending my heart rate skyward.

"I guess I could show you how I do it, then you could do it for me. Yeah, I'd like that, we can do each other, okay?"

You know I didn't turn her down, right? But I did ask, "You think it's all right, us being brother and sister?"

I didn't want to ruin everything, I mean, what we were doing was truly wonderful but I also didn't want to hurt our relationship in the long run, either.

"Do you like what we've been doing?" she asked softly.

What a question.

"Of course, oh, Hannah, it's been wonderful."

"Well, it's not a lot different from kissing. I mean we're just kind of making out some," and she said this as she was stroking my dick up and down.

"Hannah, I think I'm gonna shoot again if you keep doing that."

"Good, I want to see it this time," she said softly and in a minute or so, she got her wish.

"Oh, wow, it really flies out. Look, it's all over," she whispered.

Well, that, of course, didn't surprise me but it sure felt better than any time I'd ever done it. Oh, by far. She cleaned me up with more tissues and we held each other for a while longer, then, kissed a final time and each went to bed.

I don't know about Hannah but I jacked-off one more time before I fell happily asleep.

The next morning, we were at the kitchen table having breakfast when our little brother, Riley, piped up to Mom, "I came down last night for some cookies and Cody and Hannah were in the den fighting."

I shot a look to my sister and saw her face whiten.

"Oh, we were just having a pillow fight, you little snitch."

"Now, Riley, quit being a tattletale and just eat your breakfast," our mom scolded. Only then could I swallow my mouthful of cereal.

We knew that was close and could have been really bad but it seemed that our little brother really didn't know what we were doing. Lucky for us.

We more or less kept our distance the rest of the day and after supper she found me aside and said the we should more or less cool it for a few days, just to be safe.

I didn't realize how much I wanted my sister's attention and touch. It was painful to see her and not be able to touch her or hold her or kiss her. I was really needing her and now I was finding out how much I wanted and desired her.

My dick was actually sore from jacking-off, it was so bad. Hannah was on my mind every minute. The sex we'd had, well, yes it was sex, was consuming me; I was just hoping we would have another chance to be together soon, just the two of us.

There was one afternoon when we were both in the kitchen at the same time and we had a minute or two to kiss. After, as she was leaving the room, she whispered, "Write me a note, Cody," and kissed me softly on the lips.

So, I did, I sat down and wrote her how much I missed our being together and kissing and how I had dreams about her, how much I wanted to be with her. I snuck the note into her room and put it under her pillow. We were all responsible for changing our own sheets so I wasn't worried about Mom finding it but to be sure, the next time I saw her, I told her to look under her pillow.

And when I went to bed, there was a note from her under mine telling me that she thought about me all the time and how she wanted to be alone with me, it really made me feel so good.

The next few weeks really didn't give us any opportunity to be together and it was awful. We did slip a few notes back and forth but we were even cautious about that.

Then, one evening, at dinner, Hannah and I were sitting next to each other eating our spaghetti, I was close enough that I could smell the flowery scent of her shampoo. She had on a white blouse and I saw that the top two buttons were undone. Usually it was only one button. Then, she reached over across me for the parmesan cheese and I got a glimpse of her bra inside, so wonderfully filed with her creamy, white boobs, I almost went crazy. She had to know what she was doing, I thought.

Then, oh, then, a soft warm hand lay right down on top of my hard-on. She had her hand under the table resting right on my hard dick. Then, her fingers began to flex and massage my dick.

I nervously scanned the table and everyone was just eating and talking like any other evening at dinner. Little did they know that my sister was playing with her brother's cock right there at the dinner table. I tried to concentrate on eating but it was so difficult.

I expected her to take her hand back but she didn't, she kept rubbing on me and, well, I'm a fourteen-year old boy, you know what happened, I creamed in my pants. Try doing that at the dinner table in front of your parents and brother and sisters. Oh, yeah.

Hannah was grinning from ear to ear as I finished eating and I didn't dare stay for dessert, I scooted up to my room to change underpants, thankfully, my shorts were dry. Wow, what a sister.

In one way it was thrilling to be given an orgasm right in the midst of our family at supper but in another way it was unfair that she got to feel me and I couldn't touch her, especially her lovely breasts that I so yearned for. I had felt them and wanted to feel them again. I wanted to see them, really see them, not just get glimpses in a darkened room, really see them and kiss them and suck them.

I slipped a note under her pillow telling her how I wanted my chance and that it wasn't fair the she could rub me off in front of everyone and I couldn't touch her the way I so wanted.

Later, I pulled a note from under my pillow that simply said, "Oh, you'll think of something, I'm sure."

A few days later she sent me a note telling me that she so missed our sessions together that she had a friend of hers at school order her a vibrator. It seems her friend's mother is pretty open-minded about things and even lets her boyfriend spend the night in her bed. Oh, I wish that was our mom.

She wrote me that she kept it in her locker and used it in the girl's restroom and when she used it, she thought about me. Wow, me, she thought about me when she had this thing up inside her pussy. I immediately jacked-off twice after reading that.

I wrote her a note saying that it made me get hard just thinking about her using it while she thought of me.

Then, I got the best note of all, "I'd much rather have you than the vibrator any time, Cody, any time."

The next night, Hannah and I and Riley were watching television, all sitting together on the sofa. Hannah was in a sweatsuit which pretty much hid her body, though I knew what was underneath.

"Oooh, I'm cold," she said and grabbed a blanket from the chair and put it over herself.

"Aren't you cold, too?" she asked me giving me a telling look.

"Um, yeah, sure, kind of a chill in here," I added as she spread the blanket over me. Riley agreed and Hannah pulled some of the blanket over him as well.

We watched for a bit, then her hand slipped into mine under the blanket and pulled it over into her lap and held it there as we watched the television.

In a minute, she led my hand under the waistband of her sweatpants, then pulled out, leaving my hand there. I moved my fingers and felt hair, hair like I had right above my dick. My heart almost stopped, then I felt her hand back over mine as she led me further down, her legs widening slightly.

It was her pussy. I'd seen enough Playboys and stuff to know the groove I was feeling was my sister's pussy. I began rubbing my fingertip along the crease and it was warm and smooth and slippery. I was feeling her pussy. Incredible.

I rubbed a little up and down, not wanting to move the covers over us, then she raised her knee up on the other side where our little brother was sitting and shifted toward me a bit, opening her legs wider.

I could now move my hand more, really rub her the way I wanted, without Riley ever catching on. I remembered her telling me about how girls masturbate, how they put their fingers inside so I decided to see if mine would go in.

I pressed as I rubbed and, yes, my finger slid inside her as I heard a soft moan, then she cleared her throat. I could tell we were both breathing harder, I know I had an erection of a lifetime.

Just as I was starting to rub my fingertip inside her, I felt her hand on the bulge in my shorts. I looked quickly at her and she was grinning up at me as I felt her trying to open my pants.

I put my other hand under the blanket and eased my zipper down and pulled out my cock which she immediately took hold of. She was gripping it as she rubbed her thumb back and forth across the tip. We were now both masturbating each other as our little brother sat there watching the television with us, completely oblivious to the sexual pleasuring happening under the blanket. It was all I could do to keep watching the screen.

We both sat there, nonchalantly masturbating each other as the movie went on and soon Hannah shivered a little and gave out a soft moan. I looked over and she had her eyes closed and this beautiful, serene look on her face. I must have gotten her off.

She kept rubbing me, now stroking me a little back and forth, and, as will happen, my muscles tensed and that wonderful feeling flooded over me as my shorts got doused with cum. She looked over at me and winked as her hand came out from under the blanket.

"I've got the sniffles, Riley, hand me a few of those tissues, will you?" she asked in her sweetest sisterly voice, then took them, blew her nose into one and slid the others under the blanket into my hand. What a sister.

The next time we got to be by ourselves was two nights later when I was reading in my room when I need to go take a pee. As I rounded the corner to the bathroom, Hannah was coming out her door, also headed for the bathroom.

"Go ahead, let's both go in," she said and I now stood there as I heard her tinkling down like rain into the toilet.

"God, I get to see you pee and I can really see what your penis looks like when it pees."

She wiped and stood up to let me piss. I took it out and she stood there smiling at me as my piss started to arc into the toilet.

"It's really easier to sit but I like the way boys do it too. And, it's really cool to watch you," she said.

As soon as I finished, we were in each other's arms, kissing and groping. She reached in and pulled my cock out and began rubbing me back and forth as I slipped my hand down and ran my finger up into her as we kissed.

Her hand was on my cock rubbing back and forth as she spread her stance so I could finger her better. We quickly worked on each other to bring the other to orgasm and I was first, I was so ready, it really didn't take much.

"I've missed you so much, Hannah, and I dream about you all the time. I just wish we could be alone so we could be undressed. I've never really seen what you look like all over."

"Well, I've wanted it, too, the same thing, Cody, and I think I've figured out just how to do it. Tomorrow night you'll find out all about it," and with that revealing statement, I cummed all over my sister.

We both had quiet orgasms that night in the bathroom, we knew we had to make it fast and silent and we did. But I went to bed wondering about what my sister was cooking up, surely something, and it gave me a hard-on I couldn't get rid of.

All the next day at school, what she had told me the night before was at the top of my mind and kept me struggling trying to hide my erection the entire day. What was she up to?

Then, at supper, she said to my mother, "Mrs. Goodman, my algebra teacher, asked me if I could babysit for her on New Year's Eve, Mom, and I told her I'd check with you. They're going to a party and want someone to sit their two children."

"Oh, honey, well, they'll be late, right? After midnight?"

"Yeah, sure, it's New Year's Eve."

"How old are their children?"

"The boy is four, the girl is two."

"Well, that's rather a handful. I don't know."

"What if I had some help. Maybe Cody will go with me, I'll split the money with him."

I sat there astonished at my sister, my scheming sister. God bless her.

"Well, Cody, what do you think?" my mother asked me.

The words in my mind were, 'Yeah, Mom, that's great, now I can see my sister naked, ' but my mouth said, "Oh, little kids. Hmm, I don't know."

I know, you're wondering what's wrong with this kid, he's got a chance to be with his hot sister and he's hemming and hawing. Well, I didn't want to be too eager, either. The look oh Hannah's face was worth it all.

"Oh, yeah, that's fine, I guess. Give me something to do on New Year's Eve," I conceded.

"Well, Mrs. Goodman is the nice redheaded teacher, right?"

Hannah nodded and Mom said, "Sure, I guess that's fine if you both do it."

My dick was like steel. My sister was the greatest, she was brilliant. Her eyes never shifted to me until well after when the topic of discussion had turned to other subjects. Then I got a smile, a telling smile. And New Year's Eve was just a few weeks away.

It was the Christmas holidays and we did get some time alone together, especially when our parents were out shopping and took our little brother with them and our older sisters were out doing something of their own. But, we never had much extended time together

So, Christmas came and went, ever so slowly, it seemed, and New Year's Eve finally arrived achingly slowly.

Chapter 3
Posted: March 18, 2011 - 09:03:12 am

Mr. Goodman finally picked us up at six and took us to their home, only about a mile away and we met their children and they briefed us on bedtimes, stories to read them, all the typical stuff, then pointed out the sheets and pillows and blankets I was to use for sleeping in their den on the fold-out sofa.

They showed us their refrigerator stocked with sodas and the counter filled with chips and nuts for us to snack on, all very nice but I was so consumed by what the night offered as soon as we were alone that I only heard parts of what they said. I did hear, of course, that they were planning to be out until two, probably three in the morning. All I could think about was, please leave, please leave.

So, a while after they left, we had a New Year's celebration with their kids with noisemakers and balloons and stuff followed by some ice cream. They did lots of running around as we hoped they would be tired and sleep soundly, leaving us to our long-anticipated time together. We even kept them up after their normal bedtime.

While we waited for them to go to sleep, we were on the sofa necking and making out, knowing that more was soon to come for the two of us. It was agony to keep my dick penned-in, I just didn't want to wait any longer.

"Go and see if they're asleep," I begged my sister. She got up and was soon back in my arms.

"Sound asleep and snoring," she said softly. "Come on," she urged and pulled me up and down the hall to the guest bedroom where she was supposed to sleep. It doubled as an office with a computer and printer and stuff. She pulled the covers off and we fell into bed together wrapped in each other's arms, kissing and groping.

In a few minutes, she got up and stood next to the bed.

"Are you sure, Cody? Sure that you want to go further?"

"Oh, yes, I've been dreaming of this for weeks, Hannah. I so bad want to see you, like without your clothes and all and just, well, I want to kiss you everywhere."

"I just want to make sure, sure that you want this, I know I do."

"I want it more than anything, anything,"

"Well you go first," she said nodding at me.

I pulled off my shirt over my head, loosened my belt and pulled off my jeans and stood there in my white briefs. Was I nervous. I had so wanted this for what felt like forever and now, I was nervous.

"Well?"

I pulled them down to the floor and stood there. She'd seen my dick a little before but now I was completely naked as she stood there completely clothed.

"You're beautiful, Cody, really beautiful," she said tenderly.

Then she started unbuttoning her top, slipped it off and put it on the chair as she stood there in her bra. My heart was jumping around like crazy, I knew what was next, then she reached back and I saw her bra go loose and then slide off her arms.

There was plenty of light, I was standing right in front of her, I had a perfect view this time and she was stunning. My sister is medium in height and just right, slender but not skinny and her breasts, oh, her breasts were perfect.

Each one was separate, they didn't come together and make like a cleavage, they both pointed slightly off to each side, perfect cones, just pointing straight, perfectly round and full. Each one was crowned by a pretty, pink nipple with the center all poked out and the soft part around was like enlarged, puffed-up.

"You are so beautiful, incredible, god, I love looking at you so much."

She loosened her jeans and pulled them off and stood there in a pair of lowcut panties, pink and so pretty.

Then she bent down and pulled them to the floor and stepped out of them.

"Well, here we are," she said in a whisper.

My sister was, no doubt, the most beautiful sight I'd ever seen. Absolute perfection. I could see the slit between her legs and she was bare. She had shaven down there. I knew she had hair before, I'd felt it. Now she was bare ... and beautiful.

"Do you like me?" she asked softly, looking up into my eyes.

"You're the most beautiful thing I've ever seen, Hannah, ever," and we each took a step forward into each other's arms and kissed the most passionate kiss of our lives.

My cock was pushed against her, our hands on each other's backs and butts, this was just the best moment of my life, holding my beautiful, naked sister in my arms for the first time. What a start to a new year for us.

I was almost frozen as I stood there looking at her. Then she said, "Come, come to bed," and took my hand and led me to the bed where she lay down and spread herself open, open for me to see fully for the first time ever.

I had so wanted to see my sister naked, to see her whole body, that I really had never given much thought to what we might do when the time came. But, right then, she was asking me to bed with her and that's where I went.

Her open legs enthralled me, I'd never seen a girl's pussy before and here was my sister, spread open for me to see.

"Are you just going to look at me, Cody?" she asked and I got into bed and we embraced. As we kissed, she rolled right up over me and began moving her pubic area against me.

She raised up and put a breast right up to my mouth. I wasted little time taking the nipple into my hungry mouth and sucking. For the first time, I roamed my hands all over her, immersing myself in the smooth, soft feel of her skin.

As I sucked, she lifted her hips up and slid her hand between us to take hold of my cock. She started pulling and pushing back and forth and it was hardly any time at all before I shot my load between us. She moved off me and rubbed my cum into her skin on her stomach and abdomen, even tasted some of it.

I was just overcome by my orgasm and lay there in a daze for a few seconds as I realized she was now busy fingering herself.

"Sorry, Hannah, I was just, well..."

"Here, help me out, Cody," she said as she took my hand and brought it to her pussy. I rubbed for a minute, then put two fingers up into her as she moaned softly and wrapped her fingers around my re-hardening dick.

I moved up to lick and suck her breasts as I finger-fucked her in and out of her slippery opening as she began stroking me again. Her nipples were like rocks they were so hard and were so exciting to suck on.

"Oh, mmm, Cody, mmm, oh, that's so good, mmm, oh, oh, AYYE, AYYE, AHH, uhh, uh, uh, mmm, oh, Cody, I love you so much, mmm, kiss me," she cried softly as I moved from her breast to her lips as she quivered next to me.

In a minute, she turned toward me, up on her elbow, looking at me, just staring.

"What?" I asked.

"You know, what we've been doing, the different things, well, I've really liked it, everything. I just makes me feel so good, not just sexy-like but, well, more than that, like we really mean more to each other."

"Yeah, I kind of feel that way, too. I just love everything and tonight, well, this is just the best. You are the most beautiful girl I've ever seen, especially like this."

"And how many girls have you seen naked?"

"Oh, just you, Hannah, but you know what I mean. I don't care how many I ever see, you're the most beautiful one."

She leaned over and kissed me, swishing her tongue around my mouth as I petted her breast.

"You really make me feel all warm inside, Hannah."

"Warm, like how?"

I had known for some time just how I was feeling toward my sister and now I told her, "I love you, Hannah, I really love you."

She turned over to me and kissed me hard. Then, she brought her lips to my ear and whispered, "I love you, too, Cody. I really love you and it's not like a brother and sister, either."

I pulled back to look at her and she had tears in her eyes. As I kissed them away, they reformed in my own eyes, it was the happiest day of my life.

"Because we love each other, Cody, that changes things, you know. That means maybe we can do more things together."

I must have looked puzzled and I know it seems dumb now but, after all it was my sister, my older sister, and, well, I just wasn't thinking about how far we might go.

"Do you know what I mean?" she asked and I kind of nodded sideways and with that, she swung a leg up over me and straddled me on my legs. She was so beautiful, all naked and perfect.

Her hand went down to my dick and she said, "I'm going to put this inside me, Cody," and raised up, moved up over me and I watched as she wiped the head back and forth on her slit, then came down on my dick pushing it up inside her, "This is how much I love you, Cody. Mmm, I hope you like it."

Chapter 4
Posted: March 18, 2011 - 09:03:12 am

It went in slowly, just a little at a time, as she pulled up, then pushed down more each time. Then, after a minute or so, she was sitting on me with all of me up inside her.

She sat there, not going up or down as I had expected but I felt her insides flexing, tightening and loosening around my dick. It felt so good.

"What are you doing, Hannah?"

"You like it?"

"Yeah, it feels really good, squeezing me like that."

"A girlfriend told me about it, I've been dying to try it on you, this is so exciting."

Then she started moving up and down over me, her tight, slippery insides gripping me firmly as she went. Oh, it was heavenly.

"Oh, Hannah, I never dreamed we'd be doing this. It feels so good. Are you on the pill?"

I knew to ask, I mean It had been drilled into us at school and I sure didn't want to get my own sister pregnant, oh, that would be the worst.

"No, not the pill. But, it's okay. It's a diaphragm, a thingy that fits up inside me that blocks any sperm from going too far. I've had it for a month or so now. Got it at a clinic a girlfriend told me about."

"So Mom doesn't know?"

"No, I keep it at school in my locker or, well, where it is right now," she chuckled.

"That's in there, right?" I asked as I pointed to her pussy which was wonderfully going up and down on me.

"Right in there, little brother," she said as she patted her abdomen. "You like my idea?" she asked, I'm sure knowing my answer in advance.

"I love your idea, oh, more than you can ever know. I just never dreamed..."

"Well, we'll have to be careful but when we can be alone, really alone, we can do this now."

I think I'd have to be an English professor to know enough words to describe how good it felt when Hannah started going up and down. With everything we had done with each other so far, it all just faded into the background when she started fucking me.

"Oh, Hannah, it's awesome, the best thing I've ever felt."

"Mmm, me too, really, really good. I've just dreamed about this ever since I got the diaphragm, I've wanted this so bad," she whispered as she bent down to kiss me softly.

My hands, of course, were right where yours would be if you saw my sister naked.

"Pinch them, pinch my nipples," she moaned as I tweaked them.

"Mmm, mmm, a little harder, it's okay," she murmured and I pinched them as much as I thought I could without hurting her. I could see all the juices we were making, I was learning now what sex was really like and, oh, man, I was in for sure. This was the best thing ever in my whole life.

I really thought that I'd shoot again it felt so good but, somehow, I didn't. She just kept going up and down over me, she was doing all the work, and after a while, she was groaning pretty constantly.

"Oh, mmm, mmm, oh, I feel like ... oh, oh, I'm ... uh, uh, UH, UH, UH, uh, mmm, mmm, oh, Cody, I love you so much, so much, oh, so good, feels so good, mmm," and she lay down over me, kissing me over and over as her hips now slowly moved up and down over me.

Then, she pulled up off me, I thought maybe we were finished even though I hadn't cummed, when she said, "I want to change around," and flopped on her back and spread her legs wide and asked, "Can you get up on top?"

Oh, could I, could I ever. I almost instantly had my dick back inside her sliding in and out. It was heavenly, all these months of slowly leading up to us fucking, all the times we had to stop before we wanted, always being more cautious than reckless, steeling ourselves so we could continue and not ever be caught together. Now, oh, now we were fucking and it was wonderful.

"Are you happy, Cody?"

"Oh, so much, I never ever thought this would happen but, well, this is wonderful. I love you so much."

"Mmm, I love you, too, I just wish we could be in the same bed together like this every night."

"Oh, Hannah, I do too, I just wish we could be open with what we have."

"Well, we can't, so we have to do the best we can. All I know is how good this feels right now. I think I'm going to cum again. God, I love this, no wonder people talk about sex so much."

"Yeah, it's so good. And I love not having to fool with condoms. This thing you've got is great."

"Mmm, I'm feeling like I'm gonna cum again, oh, yes, mmm, MMMM, OOOH, OOOH, AYYE, AYYE, UH, mmm, oh, fuck me, Cody, fuck me and fill my pussy with your cum, fuck me, fuck me," she cried.

My sister. My sister ... using language I'd never, ever heard from anyone in my family. Yeah, at school, sure, the guys at school, never the girls. Wow. Well, why not.

I went faster now, just wanting to fulfill her wish to fill her pussy with my cum. But it took a few more minutes, then, it just rocketed up and I tensed and my dick started spurting her full as she so wanted.

"Oh, I'm cumming, Hannah, mmm, feels so good, uh, UH, UMM, UMM, mmm, mmm," I groaned as she started jumping and bucking under me.

"Oh, god, I'm cumming again, oh, Cody, I love you fucking me, oh, my pussy feels so good, mmm, mmm," and I fell over her as we kissed and kissed.

"I love you so much, Hannah, you are so perfect. You've made me feel so wonderful tonight."

We lay there in each other's arms kissing and telling each other how much we loved the other.

"I'm all sweaty, Cody, let's go shower. It's something I've dreamed about, you and me, showering together, come on," and she pushed me off her and took my hand and pulled me up off the bed. Moments later, we were in the shower with warm water raining down on us, soaping each other as my cock re-hardened in her sudsy hands.

"Mmm, look at you, looks like you have ideas. Let's see," and she lifted her leg and put her foot on a ledge as she gripped my cock and led it to her opening. I shoved and went in as she turned the water off and we began a slow, wonderful, warm and steamy fuck.

There was one point as we were together in the shower when she started giggling and then I did, too. It was a somewhat preposterous place to be making love but we were sure there have been millions before us who've done just the same.

We knew that we didn't have much longer to be alone together, so we dried each other off and got our pajamas on and I went down and made the sofa up and got in bed as Hannah went to bed in her room.

Of course, I was far too excited at this point to drift off to sleep, I just lay awake until the Goodmans came home a short time later. That was our first time.

Now that we both knew how wonderful our sex together was, it made it even more painful to be around each other knowing that we couldn't just go to bed together and screw no matter how much we both wanted it.

Hannah's best friend, Erin, is going away with her parents this coming weekend and she's given Hannah a key to her house so we're planning to meet over there for some time together. Hannah wants to talk with her about using her house in the afternoons after school sometimes so we can be together. That means that she'll have to tell her friend about us but they've known each other forever.

We've got to do something, we just love each other so much. It's our secret love.