Home « Dag123's Page - Settings
Patricia’s Penkor Island Competition
A Doctor's Erotic Adventure... Story
by Dag123
Copyright© 2008 by Dag123
?

Patricia felt so relaxed. Shielded from the hot sun by a large colorful beach umbrella, she surrendered herself to its soothing warmth. The peaceful sounds of the waves gently lapping at the shore lulled her senses. Totally relaxed and half-asleep she was suddenly awakened from her reverie by a dulcet little voice.

"You must be Patricia, the other little Caucasian PA everybody has been talking about."

Patricia looked up from under her beach umbrella to see who belonged to that bright pleasant little voice. She was surprised to see a petite female standing over her—hands on her slender little hips— laughing down at her. She was even more shocked to see she was Caucasian.

"Yes, I'm Patricia. Do I know you?"

"I'm Lady Yater," she replied. "Most people call me Peggy! Why are you looking so shocked?" "Haven't you ever seen royalty before?" she laughed.

"I've heard of you. Some of the Asian PAs told me about you."

"Oh yeah," she laughed. "I suppose they told you what a little bitch I am. Right?"

"No," Patricia said, laughing up at her. "They told me you were cute and very pretty. They also said that you were a very lively and a fun person to be around."

"You must have been talking to some of the PAs who don't know me very well," she said, with a little infectious laugh.

"Would you care to join me," Patricia said, smiling up at her.

"Sure!" Lady Yater laughed. "If you're not afraid I might ruin your sterling reputation. "By the way, have you become a first class slut yet, or does that come later?"

"I beg your pardon!" Patricia said, laughing as she saw the mischievous expression on Lady Yater's beautiful little face. "Mi Lady... , one more comment like that and I'll be forced to withdraw my invitation."

They both giggled. A moment later, her Ladyship plopped down in the warm sand. As Lady Yater sat down facing her, Patricia received quite a shock! With Peggy's beautiful slender sexy thighs slightly parted, she could see her Ladyship was not wearing any panties. Embarrassed, she quickly averted her startled eyes.

"Is something wrong?" Lady Yater asked, feigning innocence. Only her mocking amused tone gave her away.

"Ordinarily I would say yes," Patricia said, laughing in spite of herself. "However the other women I've talked to did say you were also a bit of a free spirit and totally uninhibited."

"What are you trying to do—create a new fashion statement or something—dressing that way?" Patricia said, teasing her companion. "Or should I say undressing that way," she laughed.

"No," Peggy said, "It's just that the Surgeon I work for, Dr. Bill Arnold enjoys looking at me like this—so, while we're here, I give him a special little treat by not wearing my panties... ," she laughed. "Which one of our lecherous Surgeons is taking your panties off at night? "she laughed. "In other words, who do you work for?"

"I'm here with Dr. Jordan Mackenzie," Patricia replied. "This is my first visit."

"Oh yes... ," Lady Yater said, "I know Jordan. I've never been with him. He seems to prefer Asian females," she laughed. "Oh, well... , what can I tell you... , it's his loss."

"You don't look as if you've been fully initiated yet," Lady Yater said, with a delightful little smirk on her pretty face.

"And you can tell that... , how?" Patricia said, laughing at the impertinent comment from her newfound friend.

"Let's just say you still have that prim and proper, every hair-still-in-place look," Peggy said.

"What is this fully initiated phase you mentioned?" Patricia said, her curiosity getting the better of her.

"Well... , once our week here on Penkor Island is almost over, everyone gets restless and starts looking around for something really exciting to do. Let's just say, when that happens, your brown hair could get a little mussed up," she said. "Anyway, you may escape this year—unless the Monsoon Season arrives early."

"Monsoon Season?" Patricia said. What happens if the Monsoon Season arrives early?"

"Well," Lady Yater said, with a little wicked laugh. "Let's just say, I hope you are good at defending yourself. That's what they do if the Monsoon Season comes early. It can get really wild sometimes," she said. "They refer to it as the inside games.

"Oh... ," Patricia said, feeling a shiver of apprehension go up her spine in spite of the heat from the hot tropical sun.

Back at the Cottage...

After spending a couple of lively interesting hours on the Beach with Lady Yater, Patricia slowly made her way back to the cottage she shared with Dr. Mackenzie.

Quietly unlocking the door, she stepped inside the darkened room. She was surprised to hear the unmistakable sounds of sexual passion in full stride coming from the bedroom. Someone is here! She thought. A moment later, she felt a stab of jealousy when she heard Jordan give an all too familiar intense groan.

Then a few moments later, she heard a feminine high-pitched squeal of delight. It was obvious that his unknown female partner had achieved her climax as well. Waiting a decent amount of time, she finally announced her presence.

"Hello... , I'm back! Jordan, are you here?" she said, hoping to give the impression she had just arrived.

A few minutes later Jordan walked into the living room. Walking behind him was a small petite Chinese female. Patricia immediately recognized her. She was Dr. Koto's Physician's Assistant.

"I hope I didn't interrupt anything," Patricia said, attempting to put the best face on things. "Hi. I'm Patricia Renton. You're Dr.Koto's PA, right?" she said to the young Chinese female.

"Don't you know you're supposed to knock before you come in?" the Chinese female said resentfully. "What are you doing here, anyway?" she demanded. "Don't you have any respect for other people's privacy?"

"Since this is where I live. I wasn't aware I had to knock before I entered," Patricia said, hurling angry words right back at her. It was apparent a little spark of animosity was about to be ignited between the two females.

"Come on you two," Jordan said, reluctantly entering the conversation.

Although he found it very sexy to watch the verbal battle between the two of them and any other time he would have allowed it to continue unabated—he was determined to try to placate them.

Putting an arm around each of their tiny waists he said, "Don't be mad at each other. It's my fault—I should have said something to Patricia. Okay... ?"

"Okay... , I won't be mad at her anymore," the little Chinese female said, smiling at Patricia, who a moment before had been an unwelcome intruder.

"Patricia, this is Janie Qwan, the girl I've told you about. I was hoping you two girls might decide to become friends. You're both very special to me. I was kind of hoping before we left, the three of us might find time to have some fun together," he said.

"Jane... , It's so good to meet you at last," Patricia said. "Dr. Mackenzie has told me so many wonderful things about you. He told me sometime back that the two of you always spend time together every year—so it's fine. I'm definitely all right with that. Okay... ?"

"Okay... ," Jane said, "I guess so."

"Come on... , let's be friends?" Patricia said, coaxing a smile from the little dark haired female.

"Okay... ," Jane said, feeling slightly embarrassed now that Patricia had made known her good intentions.

"You two go ahead, enjoy whatever you were going to do. I need to go in and shower. I'm all sweaty from the heat. Even with an umbrella, it was scorching out there on the beach." Patricia said, smiling at the two of them. "Oh, I met someone interesting on the beach a while ago. A Lady Peggy Yater ... Know her?"

Both Jordan and Jane laughed. "Yes," Jordan said, winking at Jane who was giggling.

"Is there something I should know?" Patricia said, "Come on... , don't hold out on me. Tell me... !"

"I tell you later. Okay... ?" Jane said, still laughing.

"We're on our way over to the Outdoor Café for some cool drinks," Jordan said. "Sure you wouldn't like to come join us?"

"Maybe you come ... join us later? Okay?" Jane said, smiling at Patricia.

Then in an affectionate gesture of good will—to let Patricia know, there were no hard feelings—Jane stepped over and embraced her. Patricia though taken by surprise gladly returned the other girl's embrace.

Jordan watched as the two attractive little females embraced each other. He felt his member start to harden. The sight of the two women he had so often fantasized about actually embracing each other gave him a feeling of exhilaration.

From half way around the world, I've managed to bring them together, he thought happily. I may be on the threshold of making my favorite fantasy of all time come true.

The Outdoor Café...

As Jordan and Jane entered the café, they saw Jane's boss, Dr. Sam Koto sitting by himself at a table in the corner. Seeing them, he waved them over.

"Hey, Sam, what are you doing sitting over here all by yourself?" Jordan said, laughing at his long time friend.

"Well, what else am I going to do," he laughed. "You're monopolizing Jane so much of the time, what other choice do I have, "he said, laughing up at the two of them. "Sit down. I'll buy you two a drink."

Sitting down, the drinks ordered—the three of them quickly became immersed in light banter and small talk.

"I hate to see this week come to an end," Jordan said, a trace of regret in his voice.

"I'm afraid I have even worse news," Sam Koto said. "I have to leave here tonight to go back early. Family problems!"

"Such a shame to have to cut short your week," Jordan said, looking over at Jane.

"Jane wouldn't need to come with me if you and Patricia would like her to stay with you for the additional nights. This way she can enjoy herself and attend the rest of the lectures."

Jordan felt his heart turn over! This was an unexpected break. His elusive goal of spending exclusive time with the two of them was about to be realized.

"Sure, I don't think Patricia would mind. It might be fun, huh Jane... ?" Jordan said, looking over at her.

Sam Koto didn't miss the look of relief on his Assistant's face when she realized she would be able to stay.

"I'm not even going to ask what you meant by that comment, It might be fun... ," Sam said, grinning at his friend.

The three of them were still laughing when the cold drinks arrived a few moments later.

Patricia and Jane talk...

Jane returned to the cottage alone a short time later. Patricia out of her shower was dressed in a white fluffy bathrobe, which was provided to all the guests upon their arrival.

"Oh. Hi Jane," Patricia greeted her warmly. "Jordan just told me Dr. Koto has to leave tonight but that he's agreeable to letting you stay here with us for the rest of the week. This is so great! We'll make it a really fun time," Patricia said, smiling at the little Chinese female.

I am actually starting to like her, Patricia thought happily. I find her less than perfect command of the English language sort of sexy and delightful.

"I think Jordan already ... know what fun he want to have..." Jane said, with a sexy little giggle of delight, mixed with a little trace of uneasiness. She was still a bit ill at ease at the thought of sharing Jordan with this slender attractive Caucasian female.

"It's alright, Jane," Patricia said. Sensing her reluctance, she tried to reassure her. "I know you like Jordan. So do I. He even told me once his favorite fantasy was having you and me together."

"I know he ... like the three of us to do something together," Jane said. "He say to me many times about you and him."

"I think what he wants is to watch you try to outdo me and let him watch the two of us. I suspect a lot of men like that sort of thing," Patricia said. "It's like a favorite fantasy or something," she laughed.

"I know what he like... ," Jane said. "Last year he and Dr. Arnold want to see Lady Yater and me do sex stuff to each other. I think he would have liked that very much," she said, with a certain air of conviction that wasn't lost on Patricia. "I not mind ... but it not work out," she said. "Maybe another time ... we do," Jane said.

"I'll bet he would enjoy watching you and I do each other more," Patricia said, giggling at the thought.

"I wonder who he think is best?" Jane said. Both females now beginning to feel more at easy with each other, laughed.

"Come on, Jane," Patricia said, "Let's go move your stuff over."

A short while later the two petite little females, each carrying a suitcase packed with Jane's things, moved her into the cottage from next door.

A Threesome sets sail...

Jordan was delighted. When he came through the door of the cottage an hour later he could hear the happy animated chatter of his two favorite females coming from the kitchen. Having both of them in the same cottage at the same time is a dream come true, he thought.

"Hi, Jordan," Jane said, greeting him with a mischievous smile. "We compare notes!" she giggled. We think ... maybe you need to rest for awhile now ... okay?" she giggled.

"Yes, Jordan," Patricia said, stepping into the living room. "Tonight Jane and I have decided to make your favorite fantasy come true. And then some..." she said. Exchanging a smile with Jane, they both laughed.

"Is that a threat or a promise," he said, "either way, I'm ready," he said, grinning at the two of them standing together, their arms around each other waists.

"We make you very happy, "Jane said. "Anything you like ... we do."

"Maybe I had better go in and sleep for awhile," he said, delighted to see the two of them appeared to be getting better acquainted. They seem so comfortable with each other, he thought happily. Who would've thought.

Eveningtide...

Activity on Penkor Island was settling down. With the quiet darkness descending, the three of them, Jordan, Patricia and Jane slowly meandered their way back up the beach. It was almost dark by the time they reached their cottage door.

Between them, nothing more needed to be said. All three people had only one thought in mind. Once the door closed, within moments the two girls had made their way into the bedroom. A few minutes later, they emerged to rejoin Jordan.

The two of them were now dressed in sexy night dresses—both were simply stunning! From the way their nightdresses fit them, it was obvious that neither of them were wearing a bra or panties.

"Why don't we go in on the bed," he suggested his voice husky with sexual tension.

Getting on the bed, with Jordan between them Jane whispered. "What you like us ... do first, Jordan?"

"Could I watch the two of you do each other for a little bit?" he suggested.

"Why don't all three of us do each other for a while?" Patricia said.

"That ... be very sexy," Jane said. "Who ... we do first?"

"How about Jane and I do you first?" Jordan suggested, looking over at Patricia.

"Okay ... Let me slip into the bedroom. Give me just a few moments. I'll call you two, when I'm ready," Patricia said, with a little intimate laugh.

In less than a minute, Jordan and Jane heard Patricia's soft sexy voice. "Okay, I'm ready. Come and get me."

Jordan relates his ultimate fantasy...

With Jane, that beautiful little Chinese female walking in front of me, I watched her sexy little hips swaying slightly as we entered the little intimate bedroom.

Patricia was sitting on the huge bed. She was stark naked, her sexy slender legs crossed, her thighs gaping open wide. We could both see her brown luscious jungle of brown hair. Her pussy lips already parted, looked damp. She was smiling at us.

"Do you like what you see?" Patricia said, teasing Jane and me." Okay, which one of you is going to do me first," she said, with a nervous little giggle.

"Both of us, bitch," Jane said, laughing. "Jordan," she said, egging me on. "Would you like ... taste this little bitch's pussy?" she teased me.

With that, Jane Qwan climbed up on huge bed. Crawling up to Patricia, she pushed my little Assistant sprawling flat on her back. I could see that Patricia seemed a bit shocked but she was a good sport and willingly went along. Raising her wanton sexy thighs, she let them fall open invitingly.

Climbing on the bed, I felt my unruly member starting to harden as I watched their little sex play unfold. Jane giggling and laughing, playfully pinned Patricia's beautiful wrists to the bed. Raising her sexy brown leg, she swung astride—seating herself on a startled Patricia's stomach.

"You are a naughty girl.," she said, laughing down at Patricia. "I think I ... slap your face.," she said. With that, she slapped a surprised Patricia's face, not once but twice.

"Ouch! That hurt! Why did you do that?" Patricia said, shocked and a little peeved.

"Because I'm on top of you," Jane said," Girl on bottom always get faced slapped. "Now I take you real good, naughty little bitch."

About now, my cock is so hard rock it's aching. This is better than I ever fantasized, I thought. I can't wait to see Jane take her.

Having punished the woman beneath her enough, Jane leaned down and started licking Patricia's rapidly swelling breasts. A moment later, Jane's tiny little mouth hovered just above Patricia's delicate lips.

Jane started teasing Patricia by kissing her hungry open lips with quick sharp kisses. Aggressively, she seized Patricia's lower lip between her sharp little white teeth. Jane bit down hard.

"Ouch, that hurt!" Patricia complained.

She moaned as she felt Jane start licking her dry parched lips with her moist little tongue. She was getting frustrated at the way the little Chinese girl was sexually teasing her.

What a beautiful picture Patricia made with her young girl's figure—her sexy little hips so small—her legs and thighs so beautiful and nicely shaped. Just looking at Patricia sprawled on her naked back, with little Jane Qwan sitting on top of her made my heart start to pound like crazy.

Aggressively, Jane became the little temptress. She began kissing Patricia's delicate thin lips fervently, passionately. I could hear a low involuntary moan escape Patricia's dry lips.

Patricia began making the age-old sounds of a beautiful woman in the heat of her arousal, as she begin accepting our little sexual gift with all the appropriate grunts and moans. "ut ut ut UT UT! Ohhhh! Yessss!"

My sexual arousal like a wild beast raged out of control. I got between Patricia's beautiful slender thighs. She allowed me to spread her warm thighs further apart. I now had my face right up against her warm beautiful brown hairy cunt. I could smell her warm translucent juices. I could feel the heat from her swollen labia lips.

I began caressing Patricia's moist pussy softly, lightly with my warm fingers. Patricia gave a barely audible soft moan. She felt warm and wet to my touch. Then I touched her enflamed pussy with my warm tongue. I could taste her female juices which was already seeping out from her arousal. They tasted slightly salty. There was a hint of an aroma I finally identified as wee wee.

Patricia was now beginning to moan and cry out as if in pain. Sensing her rapidly building arousal, I begin licking and sucking her enflamed little clitoris. Fluttering my warm tongue across it rapidly...

"Let me have her ... Jordan!" Jane almost demanded. "I ... take this little bitch over!" she said. With that, she dismounted from Patricia's stomach.

Jane was like a little wild woman. I hardly had time to move out of the way, before she was at Patricia. Her little wiry brown fingers began rubbing Patricia's labia lips none to gently. Then pushing Patricia's thighs back against her swollen titties, Jane quickly lowered her hungry lips down against Patricia's tortured screaming-for-relief pussy.

All my life I had always wanted to see one woman take another. I wasn't disappointed. I must say at this point, it was one of the most erotic beautiful sights I had ever experienced.

I realized watching Jane that she had purposely dominated Patricia at the start knowing how it would greatly increased my sexual pleasure. Maybe later they'll wrestle each other. I wonder who would win, Jane or Patricia, I thought.

Jane delicate beautiful lips were busy kissing up and down Patricia's swollen pussy labia lips. Within moments, Jane's hot little tongue—moving slowly, firmly was stroking up and down the full length of Patricia's moist swollen center.

Seizing a little brown fistful of Patricia's brown hairy mound, Jane pulled up on it. I watched Patricia's little bud emerge slowly from its protective sheath. Her little clitoris was red, engorged with blood, looked enflamed and swollen.

What happened next sounded like she was being tortured. If I hadn't known Patricia was enjoying it so much, I would have felt sorry for her. Jane, the little Chinese female proceeded to show her no mercy.

Jane now had Patricia's clitoris out of its protective sheath. She was defenseless. She went after Patricia's swollen pussy lips with a vengeance. Her cruel little tongue attacked Patricia's little clitoris licking, sucking, swirling her tongue around it. Then as I watched, she began encircling Patricia's swollen clitoris with her tiny translucent covered lips.

I watched as Jane carefully inserted two of her small little brown fingers, now slick with Patricia's translucent juice, deep inside Patricia's pussy. Then - in ... out ... in ... out... , she gradually picked up speed. Within moments, Jane's little brown fingers were a blur. At the same time, I watched Jane's cruel little tongue fanning back and forth across Patricia's swollen pain-wracked brown haired pussy.

Patricia, almost out of her mind with desire, laid there, her eyes wide open. I would never have believed she could look so wild. She was bucking those trim beautiful hips of hers up wildly.

Then Patricia let out a wild tortured scream. "AAAAaaaa," - "Oh, God, I've almost got it!" Raising her beautiful head up off the pillow, the muscles in her slender little neck standing out clearly, her beautiful face red from her wild exertion, she strained violently upward, climbing the erotic ladder to her climax.

Then with a loud scream, that echoed off the walls, Patricia exploded in a mind-blowing climax. I could hear the sound of Jane, still noisily licking and sucking Patricia's delicious gooey juices.

"You bitch... !"Patricia said, laughing even though she was still panting and out of breath. "That was sooo good!"

Looking at Jane and I she said, "You two ... almost killed me." She was laughing, in spite of the fact she was still glaring at the two of us. "Get off me and let me up... !" she laughed.

"You liked... ?" Jane said. Then giggling with delight, the two of them embraced. After watching them for a moment—I in turn, joined them in their embrace.

"Okay... , Jordan is next," Patricia said.

I could hardly wait. I quickly rolled over on my back. "You ride ... cowboy style. I sit on ... face," Jane said. With the two of them giggling in anticipation at what the two of them intended to do to me. Patricia swung astride me first.

I looked down as I felt Patricia's warm fingers encircle my raging cock. My balls were swollen and aching. I felt my cock touch her juicy hot opening! Then I felt her plunge my cock deep inside her hot depths. Smiling down at me, she started moving up and down, riding me slowly. She and Jane watched intently as my face began to slowly contort in the pain of sweet agony.

I looked up just in time to see Jane's black hairy pussy descending on my face. I felt my face slip inside her black hairy juicy center. Grabbing her tiny brown ass, I guided her up and down as I licked her swollen little pussy and sucked her succulent juices.

The bedroom quickly filled with the joyful agonizing cries of both women. The pleasurable muffled grunts of one very sexually excited man could be heard, but not as distinctly. With Patricia riding my cock now buried to the hilt up inside her, and Jane's sweet black hairy pussy within reach of my busy tongue, we spent several very enjoyable minutes in that beautiful land called Erotica.

The best part was—we had all night—we knew there would be more... ! Much! Much! More to come!
Your opinion is important:
Share with the others what you think about
"Patricia’s Penkor Island Competition"
     
Switch to Expanded voting form
The End
View the A Doctor's Erotic Adventure... Series
Previous Part: Patricia’s Wild Week On Penkor Island...
Next Part: Patricia's Rainy Day Games...

This has been the fifth story in the Series, "A Doctor's Erotic Adventure..." I hope you have enjoyed the stories. It would be nice if you would take the time to vote. Comments are welcome. Thank you. Check my Blog for the release date of the final story in this Series.

Go to Dag123’s Blog
Posted: 2008-05-23
Home - Top   Feedback to author
