The phone rang and I untangled myself from the two hard bodied honeys passed out on my bed.

"Hello?"

"Sammy? Its Paul."

It was a photographer I had a certain understanding with.

"What's up, Paul?"

"Got a shoot on Thursday and I'll need some help, you available?"

"Sure, I can do it. What time?"

"Be here by nine."

"See you then."

Before going any further, perhaps I should introduce myself.

My name is Samuel Oliver Latimer and up until a year and a half ago my initials doubled as my lot in life (you know, SOL, Shit Outta Luck). I was the type of person success actively eluded. No matter how hard I worked something always happened to screw things up. Hell... I couldn't even get a date the entire time I was in high school.

I wasn't ugly; I was just perpetually humiliated - by accidents, by bad decisions and by assholes. Every girl I approached either remembered me as 'that guy who fell down and shit his pants' (I had diarrhea and had to go really bad, so I wasn't paying attention, slipped on some ice and blacked out for a few moments, when I came to I had let everything go) or 'the kid who threw up on stage during the glee club's presentation of We Are the World' (I was really nervous and Bobby Clark told me a few swigs of this stuff he had in a bottle would calm me down - it was Everclear and I drank quite a bit) or they simply knew me as the amazing He/She (In my freshman yearbook, my picture and Sandy Jenkin's picture had been superimposed on each other; nobody fucked with her, she was cute and popular, but I got a nickname that stuck.)

Those three particular items were just the tip of the iceberg. But I'm sure you get the point. If it was disastrous, stupid or embarrassing - it found me.

Finally, one day - about two years out of high school - I was ready to cash it all in. In twenty-five months I had been through eight jobs. I always caught on fast, got great evaluations and then something would happen. Shit... it's not worth going into.

There I was, about to turn twenty-one and I couldn't hold a job; pay rent or even talk to a girl. All the other guys my age had plenty of experience in the female department but I hadn't even been to first base yet. Whenever I tried talking to a girl I got very nervous and tongue-tied and invariably something incredibly stupid would come out.

So I found myself, one particularly cool yet sunny Saturday afternoon, sitting on a park bench watching the world go by and thinking about the gun in my jacket pocket. It was cheap and I wondered if it would work. Since I had been the one who bought it, I figured it probably wouldn't. I really hoped it would.

That was when I noticed the old man sitting across the path staring at me. He saw me look up at him.

"What the fuck is wrong with you, boy?"

"Wha... What are you talking about?"

"Jaysus H. Christ, boy, your life has barely got going and you're ready to end it?"

"How?... Ah what the hell do you know?"

"I know you got a lot of living ahead of you. You don't want to do this."

"Yeah? Well if what I got I got ahead of me is anything like what's behind me then you aren't making much of a case."

The old man's eyes sort of glazed over and he adopted what some call a 'thousand yard stare.' I felt a tingle in my head, almost like my brain had an itch. I've heard that before you die you life will flash before your eyes. That is the best description of what happened to me at that moment. In a flash I remembered everything. Then he was looking at me again.

His eyes were friendlier now.

"I've been looking for you for a long time, son - someone whose life is more pathetic than mine used to be."

"You're not helping"

"Not yet..." he said with a smile, "but I will."

Then he came over and sat beside me. I wondered if he was gay or something.

"You ever wish you could just make everything go your way? Ever wish folks would just do what you wanted? Wish girls were easy to get?"

"Right now I wish you would leave me alone."

"No, son, you do not wish that. I can offer you something that will make all the difference. Something that will completely change your life."

That tingling feeling in my brain returned and suddenly it felt like something snapped and a feeling, much like a spill of hot water, spread throughout my skull. I was dizzy and disoriented for several minutes. When the feeling passed I looked up and saw the old man looking at me with an amused glint in his eye.

"What the fuck did you do to me?"

"I simply released the full potential of your mind."

"What the hell are you talking about?"

He looked around a bit.

"You see that guy over there? That's it, the one walking the dog. Concentrate on him and think the words, 'sit down' almost like you are saying them... but don't use your voice."

"What are you, some kind of nut-job? I'm not gonna think at some guy."

"Then watch." He looked at the man and the man sat down, right on the sidewalk. He sat there for a few seconds and then stood up looking around sheepishly and somewhat confused.

I was stunned. "Did you really..." Words failed me.

"Yes I did," he chuckled, "and you can too."

I felt a rush of adrenaline as I picked another subject, a man standing on the small bridge watching the river flow lazily below.

He too, sat down for a few seconds, then got up and walked away brushing the dust off his pants and muttering.

It was amazing.

I then began training with Charlie (the old man). It took about 8 months for him to teach me everything he knew about using the power. With it I could do anything from a momentary suggestion like making the guy on the bridge sit down, which was handy in getting folks out of my way while walking or driving; to a complete reprogramming of someone's mind making me, or anything else, the center of their world - a process I didn't much care for. It was really the in between stuff that was the most useful.

I used the power to become a 'consultant' to various businesses. One visit to their headquarters and they wrote me monthly checks with the CEO's and other executives always remembering the valuable service I rendered.

I primarily used the power for fun.

And... yes... it is a LOT of fun. Why do you think I was waking up sandwiched between two incredibly hot young women?

Two hot women...

A quick mental suggestion and they were awake. One snuggled up to me and was kissing and nuzzling my neck and pressing her firm tits against me while the other worked on coaxing a nice hot load of morning cum out of my hard cock.

Twenty minutes later I started my day.

Thursday:

I pulled up to Paul's studio just before nine.

I didn't know whom Paul was shooting today but I knew I was going to like it. He had a list of women I was interested in and only called me when one of them was scheduled for a shoot.

Paul was one of the premier photographers for the pornography industry. I had given him my list about a year ago.

While I could have any woman I wanted - and did - I had an interest in certain porn stars that made up the list I had given Paul.

She was already there and my cock started getting hard almost immediately. Tall and blonde, large tits, narrow waist and beautiful round butt - she was number one on my list.

I won't tell you her name but if you indulged in any porn on the past few years you would likely recognize her. Her genre of porn was either solo or lesbian. Rumor had it she had never been with a man on or off the screen. I considered that rumor confirmed by the look she gave me as I walked in.

"Hey," she exclaimed turning to Paul, "I told you that any assistants for this shoot had to be female."

"Now, my dear" soothed Paul, "let's be professionals about this. Sam is one of the best assistants I have."

"Let's just get this over with." She said dismissively. I sensed a real hatred for men. I don't know of it was because of something a man did or if she had that type of upbringing, frankly I wasn't inclined to find out. She was willing to go along with it because she knew Paul's spreads were a highlight in any porn star's portfolio.

I began setting the lights and going over the set with Paul as she went into the dressing room to get ready.

When she came out she was wearing a dark gray mid-thigh length skirt over well-shaped legs encased in sheer stockings, a white blouse and a short lapelled jacket that matched the skirt. Three-inch heels added shape to her legs and butt. Her hair was up and she had on a pair of fake glasses. A blue scarf around her neck added a splash of color to the ensemble. She looked like a secretary out of a wet dream.

She familiarized herself with the set. It was made to look like a receptionist area. An L-shaped desk held a computer and other office paraphernalia. A large leather swivel chair happily accepted her lovely ass.

Paul directed the setting of the lights and then began taking shots. He went through almost a whole roll with her doing various things fully clothed. At first, she appeared to be working then she was looking at the camera with seductive looks and poses.

Click, click went Paul's camera.

"OK, lets see some skin." Paul instructed.

This is where I took over. The blonde bombshell suddenly believed that it was the assistant's job to adjust the clothing. She, being the subject, shouldn't mess with anything since I (being the trained assistant) knew exactly what the photographer was looking for. She also believed that it was the job of the assistant to try and excite the subject so the erotic and seductive poses would have a more realistic look. She now thought that this was why she had been dismayed to find a male assistant present.

She sat in the large chair and I ran my hands up one of her legs, stopping as I slid her skirt up just over the top of her stocking to reveal the snap of a black garter. She was a professional and didn't physically recoil at my touch - though she wanted to.

Click, click.

Paul took a few shots and I moved in untying the scarf and draping it loosely over her neck, brushing her tits with the back of my hand as I smoothed it down her chest. I caught a strong sentiment of 'just like all the other pigs' coming from her, though to look at her you never would have known it.

Click, click.

Next I began to unbutton her shirt. I pushed in on her firm luscious tits to enhance her cleavage. I probably spent more time at this than necessary. At least that's what she was thinking. So far I hadn't been messing much more with her mind... but this was about to change.

Click, click.

The next step was to unbutton her jacket and a few more buttons on her blouse. I made a long job of smoothing down her blouse under her jacket and at the same time I tweaked her pleasure center. I had to suppress a smile when I sensed her confusion and annoyance at the shiver of excitement she felt at my touch.

Click, click.

I was feeling a bit of excitement also. The way I had been caressing her curves had a large bulge growing in my pants.

Her jacket came off and I again 'smoothed down' her blouse, noting both the erect nipples in response to my caresses and mental nudges as well as the irritation she felt at reacting with enjoyment to the touch of a man.

Click, click.

Her blouse was completely open now, showing her large globes encased in a black bra.

She was putting on her seductive look for the camera but that was pure acting as she was growing increasingly frustrated at herself for the exhilaration she was experiencing.

The flush on her cheeks and the lust growing in her eyes, however, were genuine.

Click, click.

I slid my hands gently along her thighs pushing her skirt up to reveal her black panties.

Click, click.

A few more shots and I linked my excitement to hers. As I undressed her, my anticipation grew - increasing hers, much to her chagrin.

I released her long flowing blonde hair and smoothed it out, running my fingers through it, luxuriating in its silky feel.

Click, click.

I stepped behind her and slowly slid her blouse off her shoulders. Her arms got goose bumps when my fingers brushed them.

Click, click.

The skirt came off in my hands. She now sat wearing only a lacy black bra, black matching panties and garter belt and the sheer stockings.

Click, click.

I slid one bra strap off her shoulder. God, she was beautiful.

Click, click.

I slid the other on down her arm. Her eyes were focused on the camera but her body hummed with exhilaration. Her mind roiled with confusion.

Click, click.

Her arms came out of the bra straps and the cups were now completely off her breasts. Her tits were perfect and I had been able to ascertain by this time that they were completely natural.

Paul complained that her nipples did not look excited enough even though they were fully engorged.

"Sammy, do something about those nipples." He instructed.

I knelt in front of her, gently kneading her tits I took her right nipple in my mouth and sucked on it. She gasped quietly and I sensed an increase in her irritation and confusion. She had never been turned on by any attention from a man before and the thrill she felt as I suckled her nipple was foreign to her.

I gave her left nipple several seconds of attention as well then got out of frame while a satisfied Paul continued shooting.

Click, click.

She stood so I could unclasp her garter belt and pull her panties down, then I refastened the garter to her stockings. In doing so I made sure to rub and knead her firm round buttocks. She was trying to think of someone she could call after the shoot for a quick get together and was afraid she may have to settle for masturbating.

When I was done groping her - uhm, I mean - adjusting her garter she sat back down she looked at me with a flash of anger.

"Are you having fun?" She asked sarcastically.

"Just doing my job, ma'am." I answered apologetically while suppressing a smile. My hard-on was cruelly bent inside my pants and was in dire need of adjustment - but I left it alone. It currently made a bulge that she could not miss and every time I stood or crossed in front of her it was directly in front of her eyes.

Click, click.

Now she was wearing only the garter and stockings. Paul took a few shots of her just sitting and looking sensuous and seductive then...

"Okay, time for some pink."

She spread her legs and I went in to make sure her pussy looked wet and inviting.

It did already. Her vulva was swollen and her lips were moist even before my tongue touched them. I licked up her slit a few times to ensure that her lips were divided evenly to each side then stepped back. She was shaking slightly. While Paul shot I savored her taste on my tongue.

Click, click.

I pulled her lips apart to reveal the soft, hot, pink flesh hidden inside. When my tongue made contact her body jerked. I made a few slow circles and just as she was beginning to enjoy it I pulled back.

Click, click.

"Okay," said Paul, "I want that look again - the one you had when Sam was licking your pussy."

I went back in and my tongue again made slow circles around her hole. She gasped and twitched as I did this. I drove my tongue into her hot slit and she let out a small moan.

"That's it!" Paul exclaimed and I backed off while he took some shots.

We did this for about twenty minutes. I would lick her hot little snatch until she really got going then Paul would snap a few shots. As far as I could tell she had been on the verge of orgasm about four times.

Finally he was ready for the finish, which I had ensured would go the way I wanted.

"Okay, now we go for the creampie shots."

"What?" she asked, her mind in a bit of a fugue from all the stimulation.

"Creampie, baby," Paul said. "You know, the shots of cum leaking out of your pussy."

"I don't know..." she began.

"Look," Paul coaxed, "who is the professional photographer here? I know what your fans want. You do this and your stock goes through the roof."

She was really torn. She didn't want a cock invading her pussy, but between her desire for success and her current level of horniness she was giving in rapidly.

"Well, okay. But make it quick."

Her last series of shots had been of her on the desk looking at the camera with her legs spread. Paul wanted some shots from the point of view of someone fucking her so he stood behind me taking shots of her from the belly button up, while I sucked at her pussy.

The wild look of savage lust in her eyes was priceless.

"Okay," Paul said, "fill her up."

I stood, opened my trousers and positioned my throbbing cock at the entrance to her love hole. She was so turned on right now that I hadn't needed to tweak her pleasure center for quite some time.

I rubbed my cock up and down her slit, watching look of need and confusion on her face. Her pussy was on fire and throbbed with anticipation. The need won.

"Just put in." She said brusquely.

"I don't like to go where I'm not wanted." I said, ratcheting up her desire just to be safe.

The look in her eyes softened.

"Please? I need you to fuck me."

I slowly put the head of my cock inside her. That little bit of stimulation, coupled with seeing such a beautiful woman on the end of my dick sent a thrill humming up my spine.

She gasped and I pulled back half an inch then back in a bit more. Using this method to lubricate my cock with her flowing juices I slowly worked my rigid member fully into her tight throbbing pussy.

By the time I was fully inserted this diehard lesbian was writhing on my cock, thoroughly enjoying it and working up to a tremendous orgasm. Her pleasure was interspersed with moments of confusion as she realized that she was getting great pleasure from a thick cock plunged deep into her vagina.

"Oh God... I've never... Mmmm... Why... Oh..."

I settled into a steady rhythm that soon had her fiery twat twitching and pulsing in orgasm.

"Ohh... Yes... Fuck... I'm Cumming!" Her head trashed from side to side and her legs locked around me as her body shuddered violently. Then she was still.

After a long moment her eyes opened and focused on me. She didn't say anything. She came up on her elbows and locked her eyes with mine as she shifted her hips meeting my thrusts and clamped her slick hot twat on my rock hard cock.

"Come on, give it to me," she ordered, "shoot it into me. Fill me up, baby."

She was really working at giving my cock as much stimulation as she could. I knew I wasn't going to last very long but tried like hell to drag it out as much as I could.

The way she was reclined on her elbows pushed her chest out nicely. Her tits were so full and firm that this position didn't really flatten them too much and I reached out and fondled them, tweaking her nipples. This made her gasp a little as she tried to ignore the pleasure and concentrated on pulling a load of cum out of my cock.

Her pussy grabbed and squeezed my pole while her hips shifted with my movements. Her legs were wrapped around my waist with her heels resting on my buttocks.

Between the physical pleasure and the vision of this golden beauty gyrating beneath me I couldn't hold out. I had brought her to the edge of another orgasm but couldn't wait any longer.

I pulled my cock back so it was only about a third of the way in, with a loud moan, I went over the edge and thick streams of hot cum hosed into her waiting pussy. Feeling the fiery jets, she came also and we both shuddered in mutual orgasm. She was a professional though and she locked her pussy tight around my cock so no cum would escape until it was time. Of course this added pressure on my convulsing cock sent even more sparks of delight shooting through me.

As soon as the last twitch of orgasmic bliss had passed I pulled out and quickly moved out of frame and Paul snapped away as she let my cum drip out of her pussy to form a pool on the desk between her legs.

As soon as Paul was done she scurried back into the dressing room and I began tidying up.

Paul had retreated into the dark room and I was just finishing as she came out.

"Sam?"

"Yes?"

"Thanks."

"For what?"

"Well... it didn't suck... okay?"

With that, my number one fantasy woman kissed me on the cheek and left.

I could have kept her. But I think I like it better this way.


