Home | John Doelman's Page - Settings
Playing Possum
by John Doelman
 

Mark Harrison slammed the door of the car and trudged across the grass which spread across the wide front of his parent's house in suburban Trentham. It was a hot and sticky night, and he thought better of going inside just yet, choosing instead to sit himself down upon the red brick stairs which led up to the front door, snatching a leaf from the footpath and tossing it away petulantly. His date had been an utter disaster, and Mark's hopes of releasing his sexual frustrations loose at the lithe figure of Caitlin Tanner, the 21-year-old arts student he had been courting at college, disappeared when she pushed his hand away from her breasts and told him to "fuck off."

All hope of getting Caitlin in the sack gone, he had driven her home, stopping at the kerb of her house and, lips pursed and eyes carefully avoiding her, waited until she had gotten the hell out of his car. Fuck her anyway, he thought, the prissy little bitch. She was no virgin, according to friends of his at college, as he sat and wondered what her goddam problem was. Nevertheless, his chances with her were now at an end, and the immediate problem was how he was going to release the aching which had been welling in his balls since his girlfriend Alicia had called it quits some eight months before. His sexual activities in that time had involved only his right hand and a few battered Penthouse magazines, or occasionally a X-rated video tape he had borrowed from a high-school pal and never returned. However he knew this wasnt good enough ... he was 24-years-old and just had to get laid, before his nuts popped.

Deciding against going inside just yet, he stood and walked slowly across the dewy grass, hands in pocket, staring blankly ahead. He got to his car and turned around, leaning against the driver's side door, head bowed. He looked up and scanned around, looking for a distraction from the carnal thoughts flooding his brain, when he saw a light on in the side window, beyond the back fence. It was his 15-year-old sister Amy's bedroom, she was probably in there reading, doing homework, or talking on the 'phone she had talked her father into giving her last Christmas. Mark got on well with Amy ... well, as well as can be expected between a brother and his kid sister, there was no serious animosity between them, but neither were they exceptionally close or confidant in each other. She was a pretty girl with no shortage of pimply faced admirers calling on her or 'phoning her up, but he had never thought of her as pretty, merely acknowledged it to be true.

His neck stretched up as he glimpsed shadows flittering across the light mesh curtain which covered the window - she was moving around the room, he thought, probably cleaning up or trying on clothes or whatever the hell girls her age do in their rooms. He decided to investigate further, just to satisfy his curiosity, and walked softly over the grass, avoiding the gravel path, towards the gate to the Harrison's back yard. Turning the latch slowly and holding the gate up to avoid the creak it made, he slipped inside and replaced the gate, making the barest of noises. He felt a coldness at his ankle, and looked down to see the family's black labrador, Ben, licking his shins and beating his tail against the ground in quick time. Giving the dog a cursory pat on the head, Mark sidestepped it and crept slowly to his sister's window.

From below it he kept an eye on the shadows until he could be sure she was at the far side of the room, then he would raise his head just over the sill and see just what she was doing. That moment came, and as he craned his head upwards and his eyes rose over the level of the window base, he could see Amy taking clothes from her bed, folding them and placing them carefully in her wardrobe.

He watched her intently, his eyes following her form around the room, never missing a beat, when a transformation came over him. She was wearing a thin summer nightgown which came down just over her hips, and he suddenly became aware of the shape of her bare legs working beneath the hem of the gown. And, more than that, there was a small lamp shining from atop her dresser, and when she walked past it the flimsy material of the gown became almost transparent, and he could make out the outline of her slim body beneath the fragile nightdress - her tiny waist, newly flaring hips and, best of all, her small firm breasts which sat high on her chest. And under the starry summer's sky on the damp grass of his backyard, Mark Harrison suddenly realised his sister was a sexually attractive young girl ... and he was becoming hot for her.

He slumped down on the grass, leaning against the wall of the house and breathing erratically as he scolded himself for the thoughts in his mind. 'You fucking pervert,' he told himself, as he attempted to reconcile social taboos with the images of his scantily-dressed sister. However the tingling in his balls overpowered all inhibitions, and soon he was rising again to take another peek at his teenage sister.

She had finished putting away her clothes and was tidying her dresser, as he peered intently into the room, trying to focus upon her and what she was doing. She could not see him, he had realised - it was a dark, moonless night and with the light on in her room, she would not notice her voyeur brother unless she looked long and hard at the window ... and by that time, of course, he would be away. But she suspected nothing, and went about her business ignorant of being watched.

Then, as a strange foreboding feeling washed over Mark has he ogled his sister in her room, she opened the door to her bedroom and strolled out, closing it behind her. He continued to peer in, while cautiously watching from the corner of his eye in case she had seen him and was coming around to catch him in the act. Several minutes passed, and he was about to give up and go inside when the door was flung open and she came back into the room, probably from a visit to the bathroom, he thought. She stepped forward, opening the closet again and taking off a pair of slip-ons she wore around the house, tossing them inside casually. Then, as Mark's eyes widened and his cock hardened almost instantly, his sister faced away from him towards the door, reached down and lifted her nightdress over her head and tossed it in the corner.

Seconds seemed like hours to Mark as he watched, the blood pulsing in his brain. He saw for the first time, beneath her long flowing blonde hair, his adolescent sister's naked back and bare ass as she slipped down the white panties she had been wearing. She stepped forward and fumbled about at her dresser as her brother stared lecherously at her exposed butt ... and it was as fine a butt as Mark had seen, slim and pale as a young girl should be, but with the womanly sweep and fine pair-shape which comes with puberty. As she stood there, Mark's cock became so hard it threatened to burst from his shorts, so he released it with his right hand and began to stroke it slowly, with thoughts of sliding it between his sister's tight little buttocks fuelling his movements.

As he felt the pressure building within his loins, Amy spun around to reach for something beside the bed and unknowingly showed her brother her full naked form. As he narrowed his eyes he could see her breasts, small, pale and conical with even paler large nipples ... he was reminded of his first nervous sight and touch of female breasts, on a date with Sarah McCormick when both were 15 ... but that was nine years ago, and his sister's tits were, he knew, here and now ... and somehow better. His eyes scanned down her flat, white belly and could see the faint trail of blond hair which sat snugly atop her pubic mound. She was not hairy between her legs, but Mark had harboured suspicions of his sister pinching his razors to shave her armpits, so it would come as no surprise if she shaved her pussy. Or perhaps she was not naturally hairy, who knows ... all that mattered was that it was laid bare before him, and he was witness to his sister's nudity.

He fisted his penis quickly as she bent low beside the bed, searching for something unknown and unseen. He could see her small tits hanging beneath her torso, and imagined in the foreground of his mind taking the sweet young nipples into his mouth and biting, sucking, licking ... he wanted to sit Amy on his knee and feast on her breasts, coating them with his saliva and, with his tongue, stiffening the nipples so they rose to meet his touch. And as his balls rumbled and the first signs of his orgasm were felt, his sister stood, faced her dresser and bent down to open the bottom drawer, showing Mark the untouched folds of her cunt through the firm cheeks of her ass ... and the last thought which passed through his brain as his semen spilled out onto the grass, was standing behind his virginal sister and ramming his aching dick into the tight confines of her young vagina.

What Mark was planning was madness, he knew that, but since masturbating to the tune of his sister's nudity, his mind had seem lost in a cloud. He had gone inside, straight to his room and masturbated again, twice, each time climaxing with the image of Amy's bare ass and exposed vagina before him. Four hours had passed, and as the grandfather clock in the front hall chimed 2am, he stood before the door to his sister's bedroom, one hand placed tentatively on the knob as the ramifications of what would happen to him if he was caught floated into his mind. But, as before, his libido got the best of him and he gently turned the knob and drifted into the room like a ghost.

His eyes were attuned to the darkness and he could see, with the aid of the starlight penetrating the open window, his sister's form beneath the white quilt on her bed. She was not awake ... he could make out her light breathing and the rise and fall of the bedclothes. He stood there for what seemed an eternity, watching his beautiful young sister deep in sleep, her fair hair fanned out on the pillow, framing her face. Many times he asked himself what he was doing, and had once taken a retreating step towards the door ... but he was not here to turn back, and moved closer to the bed, kneeling slowly down beside his sleeping teenage sister.

Again he paused, then lifted a shaking hand and placed it gently on her shoulder. She had replaced the nightdress with a light t-shirt before going to bed, and beneath it Mark could feel her smooth flesh, pliant beneath his fingers and the heel of his hand. He left it there for several minutes, as if to test her reaction, but she didnt stir from her slumber. So, braced by this, Mark moved his hand slowly down, down towards the small rise of Amy's right breast, his palm feeling the soft flesh, then the firmness of her nipple as his entire hand rested lovingly upon her tit. During this he kept his eyes on her face, watchful of any reaction, waiting for her to wake and scream in terror ... but there was nothing, just the faint expiration of breath from her lips. Thinking she was deep in a dream, he became bolder and, with the fingertips of both hands, reached down to peel back the sheet and light continental quilt which covered his sister as she slept.

He had to stand to take back the bedclothes, and did it slowly so as not to wake her ... and also to heighten his visual pleasure as he took in the sight of her body, up close this time. Her flat belly was exposed at first, then her navel and tiny waist and, most thrillingly, her lightly-downed pussy ... Mark was thrilled anew to know his sister slept without panties on, as his eyes drank in her genitals and his own became stiff yet again. He took a light step back and stood at the foot of the bed, peering down to drink in the sight of his sister, naked again, but this time without the twin obstacles of distance or the curtain in his way. She was still, in most terms, a little girl ... her body, however, was that of a young woman ... tight, lithe, slim, yet ripening quickly and ready for sex. He stared at her tits and thought of the boys who would one day be thrilled to take one into their mouths, just as he would, given the chance. Or her pussy, sitting delicately between her long legs and lightly covered with the faintest wisp of light brown hair. Her legs were slightly parted, and he could make out the shape of her lips nestled in her pubic mound, and imagined the pleasure that sliding one's cock into this tight little cunt would give. Amy Harrison, his 15-year-old sister, would be the fuck of the century.

Suddenly a heat came over him, and looking at her wasnt enough. Suddenly he wanted to touch ... but knew that doing so would invite trouble, would wake his sister and ignite her screams, would bring his parents into her room to catch him over her naked body, penis hard and hands trembling. The humilation would almost end his life, certainly change it forever. But something overrode all this, cast it from his mind, and he dropped to his knees again, this time near her hips rather than her shoulders.

He leaned over her, placing his face only a couple of inches above her pussy and gazing down intently. He breathed in quietly, and could faintly make out the aroma of her musk, hidden beneath the stronger scent of soap from her before-bed shower. She smelled like a young girl should, he thought to himself, not strong but incredibly sexual, and almost edible. He kept his face there for minutes, until the backs of his thighs ached from bending over the bed and he retreated to kneeling at the bedside. Then, hand nervously shaking, he brought it up and rested it gently on top of her mound.

His gazed concentrated on her face, as he readied himself to run from her room, away from her squeals ... however they did not come, and only a blissful, serene look graced her young face. Then, a bizarre thought came to his mind - what if she's dreaming that someone is touching her, what if she doesnt mind? Unsure of this, but aware that his fingers were still placed on her pubic hair, he carefully weighed his options and decided to continue. His eyes still fixed on hers, he dropped his fingers down into the crevice formed by her legs and cupped her adolescent pussy in his hand, conscious of her sex in his sweating palm, conscious of the palpable erection contained in his shorts.

Wincing like a man awaiting execution, he began to move his hand and feel her previously untouched vagina. The nerves in his hand bristled as he made out the features of his sister's pussy... her lips were puffy, and as he spread them he could feel a new heat, a new wetness... she was wet! he thought to himself, smiling inside. With his second and fourth fingers he parted her labia as wide as he could without risking pain which might wake her, then moved his long middle finger gently within, to run gently from the entrance to her virginal cunt right to the meeting of her lips, where he sensed a small bulbous flap of skin beneath the pad of his finger ... her clit, he thought to himself lewdly. He wondered then if she ever masturbated, if she ever put her hands in her panties and played with her clit until she squealed with excitement, or if she rubbed a pillow between her legs to get herself off. Feeling girded by his new discoveries, and by Amy's lack of reaction, he continued on...

He placed the tip of his third and largest finger on top of her clitoris, and began to move it in a gentle, circular motion ... softly, almost unnoticeably at first, then gradually applying more pressure. It was then he noticed the first time of a reaction in his 15-year-old sister, as her breath began to deepen and her head turned from the pillow to face towards the window, away from him. "She can feel it, alright" Mark thought to himself, wondering if she was dreaming this, or if she was only faking sleep and had been on to him the whole time. He didnt care, however, and kept ministering her clit in increasing levels of pressure, until he was pressing quite firmly on his sister's groin and her breath was, correspondingly, becoming quite audible.

Mark became so enraptured by the whole business that it shocked him when she drew back her legs and shifted her weight so that she was slightly on her right hip, facing towards him. He quickly drew his hand back, away from her body, and backed away from the bed, but it soon occurred to him ... she had opened herself up to his touch, she had enjoyed it and, unconsciously or not, wanted more. So, no less carefully but with more eagerness, he placed his hand on her more accessible pussy and, more forcefully this time, began to stroke her clitoris.

The game went on for ten or more minutes ... his hand working between her legs, her breathing becoming more erratic and strained, and, Mark had noticed, her pussy responding with an increase in wetness and aroma. Never in his wildest dreams had Mark conceived this idea in his mind ... kneeling at his sister's bed, playing with her pussy, making her wet. It was madness alright, that he would do it or that she would let it happen ... surely she was awake, surely she knew and was kidding him, letting him pleasure her. Soon she would come, and it would be over ... there would be no pleasure for him, only masturbation again, and this thought made him slightly angry. Like all girls, his sister was using him to get what she wanted - this time it was his turn, and he knew how to get what he wanted.

He stood and crept back to the end of the bed, gazing down at his spread-legged teenage sister laying back, and made his move. Dropping to his knees again, he gently rested his stomach at the space beneath her feet, and moved his way up the bed until his face was parked only inches away from her cunt. The scent of her pussy hit his nose strongly now, he could even see the glint of moisture on her partly-open labia as he moved closer still. And then, as he rested his hands on her inner thighs and made one last check to see if her eyes were closed, he moved his mouth down and wrapped it entirely around his sister's genitals.

There was a tremor in her hips, he could feel it, as his warm mouth wrapped around her labia ... probably the shock of what he was doing, or the excitement of it. Again he didnt care. His first thought was the taste of her cunt ... he had eaten pussy before, of course, but this one was the sweetest, perhaps all virgins are sweet, he thought to himself jokingly. He moved his tongue slowly around her pussy, exploring the folds, glancing over the clitoris, then moving down to make out the tight ring of her hole. He thought better of risking things by trying to force his tongue or fingers inside, chosing instead to move back towards the tight pea of her clit and begin his work.

Mark Harrison found his sister's clit, protruding from its small sheath, and began to run his tongue around it in small circles, slowly at first, then faster and with increasing pressure. Again his sister's breathing altered, but this time it was different ... this time there was a slight moan hidden beneath the breath which escaped her lips. A high-pitched moan which increased in volume as he ran his tongue across her sensitive clit, and down to the ring of her cunt. She was going to come, he thought, my sister is going to come in my mouth, and she's going to love it. He sucked the hard little bud into his mouth and sucked it, still using his tongue, as Amy Harrison began to writhe her hips in reaction to the sensations flooding her hips.

His response to this was to wrap his arms around her upper thighs, near her hips, and hold her pelvis still so he could eat her. Eat her, he thought, Im eating her, then he laughed inside at that saying, and continued on. He was pressing his nose into her cunt cleft now, his tongue working on her clit, his lips wrapped around it, her wetness smeared across her brother's busy face. Then, he dropped one hand and, without warning or consideration, he inserted his long index finger into her tight cunt, bringing a muffled groan from the other end of the bed and a new movement from her hips. Then, as she ground her hips against his mouth and threshed around the top of the bed, Amy came in her brother's face, a new gush of pussy juice hitting him in the cheeks and the chin, filling his mouth, staining the bedsheets. Knowing she had reached climax, Mark stopped and backed away from her groin ... he looked up at his sister's face and, as he half-expected, her eyes were open.

"You bastard Mark," were her first words to him, as redness flushed his cheeks. And then, "that was great" as a smile flooded her face. It took sometime for him to realise, but it was OK, his sister loved it, she loved him eating her. And then, he became conscious of his cock - still hard despite its ordeal - and the ultimate taboo entered his mind as he kneeled before her on the bed. Yes, he thought, I can do it ... and his sister smiled up at him.

He reached down with both hands and pushed the tight band of his shorts and briefs down over his hips, freeing his rock hard cock into the open air. He could feel Amy's eyes on it, and was glad of the darkness for fear of scaring her with its size and hardness. However she did not shirk, didnt close her legs, remained spread before him ... and he knew now what to do. Shaking nervously with breath coming in short gasps, he lowered himself, balanced on one arm, over his sister's body and moved his groin towards hers.

Both drew breath when Mark touched Amy's labia with the engorged head of his cock and ran it upwards to flick over her still sensitive clitoris. He looked into her blue eyes briefly, then averted her gaze when guilt started to fill his mind, concentrating instead on taking her, taking his pleasure. He moved his cock around the folds of her teenage pussy, moistening the head of it before lowering to the tightness which was her cunt. He pushed forward gently, felt the tight ring expand before his movement, before it became too much ... he knew the next thrust would cause her pain, and he rested with only the head of his penis trapped within her lips, unsure of what to do next. Amy, however, answered for him.

"Do it, Mark, but be careful," she whispered up at him, her eyes wide now with both expectation and nervousness. He kept his gaze at her face, then with one steady effort, moved quickly into her vagina. Her face wrinkled with pain as he forced his way into her for the first time, an inch at a time, letting her get accustomed to it. She was almost unbearably tight, stretching the skin on his shaft with her virginal cunt walls, making him pause for fear of tearing his cock apart. She was still in pain, it was obvious, but it was easing as time passed and she became used to him. Soon both were relaxed again, and Mark continued to furrow his cock deeper into his young sister's cunt, her breath in his ear and her erect nipples pricking his chest.

After a few minutes he was in her totally, his balls resting down near her ass and the head of his cock nudging her cervix. Now, he thought, now! He slowly withdrew, only an inch or two, and pushed it back into her. He saw the mixture of pain and pleasure on her face, and it only excited him more. Again he thrusted, feeling the sweet grip of her newly opened cunt on his penis, and again, and again, and again. Amy's eyes were wide, and a strange gurling sound began to rise from her throat as her brother started to thrust his cock firmly between her legs...her first lover, her first fuck.

He knew now, she loved it, she loved him, she loved his finger, his tongue and now his cock. He could see it in her eyes, she wanted it and she would want it all the time. Whenever their parents were out, they would fuck. They would drive in his car to secluded places and fuck. They would sneak into each others rooms and fuck. He would be waiting for her to come home from school, then hustle her into his room and fuck some more, lifting up her neat little school dress and fucking her tight little pussy. She was his and he was hers, they were locked together.

He kept pounding into her tightness, her juices flowing freely again to coat his thrusting shaft and enhance their pleasure. He held her tightly and she responded, clinging to him as he fucked her faster and harder, trying to loosen her pussy for his load. He felt it building at the top of his scrotum, being sucked out by her, as she wrapped her legs around his pumping hips. It was time, he thought, Im going to cum in my sister. He leaned back, never taking his gaze from her eyes, and grasped her firm little titties in his hand. His hips pumped short, fast jabs at her vagina and then, and then, as the sweat poured down his brow, his thrusts stopped ... and he collapsed on her, his penis gulping one, two, three then four bursts of white-hot semen into her womb, filling her completely, running from her and dripping onto the white sheet.

He was exhausted, drained and completely satisfied, beyond hope. He could feel his sister panting beneath him, recovering too, and wondering if she had shared his orgasm... but he really didnt care. He lifted his head and looked at her, a smile crossing her face back at him as she whispered "what would Dad say, mister!" then burst out in a fit of suppressed giggling. He too laughed, then kissed his sister lightly on the lips and rested his head between her young breasts. His troubles were over, he thought to himself, and smiled one last smile before drifting into a light sleep.
Your opinion is important:
Share with the others what you think about
"Playing Possum"
     
Switch to Expanded voting form
The End
Posted: 1999-07-01
Home | Top | John Doelman's Page |
