 
Home | Eros Alban's Page « Sally & Lenny Index
Chapter 1
Posted: April 01, 2011 - 01:53:26 pm

Sally and her boy Lenny decided that since it was gonna be such a nice day they would go into the city with Sally's husband frank and spend the day at the park.

Sally planned on going into the lake to cool off so she wore her new bikini with only a tank top and a wrap.

"Nice," her husband said whistling at her.

"I wish we had more time, there are a number of things I'd like to do to you." he said starting to kiss her neck and grab her firm titties.

"Come on guys, Dad you're gonna miss your train" Shouted Lenny from the kitchen.

The family rushed out the door and was just able to make the subway train. As it was rush hour, they could only find 1 empty seat. Lenny said Sally should sit but she hushed him saying he should, and she'd sit on his lap since they both had a long ride ahead of them. Frank thought that this was a great idea as he only had a few stops before he got off.

Sitting down on her son's lap, Sally was surprised at the strength of Lenny's thick legs. As the train lurched to a start, Lenny had to grab hold of his mother's waist to prevent her from falling onto the ground. His touch sent shivers up Sally's spine as she felt her wet snatch begin to tingle.

Lenny could feel the warmth of her cunt, and the softness of her skin. As she shifted on his groin, Lenny became very aware of his cock. He could feel it swell within his briefs. Trapped between his legs it could only grow towards that new source of warmth. Sally gasped as she felt her son's throbbing cock push firmly into her steaming cunt.

"Come here honey, my stop is next" Said Frank pulling his wife up for a kiss.

Kissing her husband Sally heard the faint sound of a zipper and as she sat back down 3 things happened.

First, as she sat down she felt the bare skin of her son's thick cock pushing into her quivering pussy blocked only by the very thin string of her bikini.

Second, the train came to a sudden and total stop making her fall back onto her son.

Third, the string protecting Sally's pussy from being royally and publicly fucked was jostled by the sudden stop. Her movement allowed Lenny's cock to slip past and slide deep into his mother's sweet hot cunt. The extra speed caused by the fall only aided Lenny in shoving his huge cock balls deep into her pussy.

Sally gasped. Her baby boy, her pride and joy was fucking her. Her son had his cock deep inside her, stretching her more then ever, more then his own father could. Her son was fucking her while her husband, his father, stood 2 feet in front of them, unaware. That very thought made Sally cum hard on her son's cock.

Lenny was in shock. He was fucking his own mother. It was awesome. In all their games, he never got anywhere near this close. He knew it was a huge risk taking his cock out when she stood up, but he didn't know what she was wearing. This was more than a dream come true. He was actually inside her tight pussy and instead of her getting mad, she was cumming. His mother was cumming like a whore, on his cock. He wasn't even moving yet, and she was cumming for him. Her pussy was so tight on his cock.

"Sally are you ok?" asked Frank. "Are you hurt?"

Sally wasn't sure what her husband was babbling on about. Oh right...

"Yes honey, I'm fine. I just fell, but you're son caught me." Sally answered; her voice was heavy and ragged. Sally was happy that it was so dark that Frank couldn't see her. She felt her face grow red and flushed as she felt her son's cock throbbing inside her. She started to stand back up, trying to free herself of the thick member. Lenny was to quick for his mother, his arms shot up and pulled her back onto his lap. His cock moved deeper into his mother. Sally came again, hard.

Sally couldn't believe what was happening to her. Here she was on a public train getting fucked by her horse hung son, two feet from her husband. She felt her self cum again and again as Lenny slowly shafted her pussy. His thick cock made her feel so tight. She felt like such a whore, getting banged in public, even if it was in the dark. Sally could feel her boy's cock start to swell and he got close to blowing his fertile load into her unprotected womb.

"Shit!" she thought. She was unprotected right now. She had been ever since Frank got snipped two years ago. Oh god, she could get knocked up by her son. The idea send sparked to her clit and she came harder then ever. There was no way to stop Lenny without letting everyone around know she was getting fucked, by her son. Oh god, he's gonna knock me up. Yes!!!!!

Lenny was getting close to cumming, as he felt his mother's pussy going crazy on his cock. There was no stopping him, as he blasted the largest load of his life deep inside his mother's cunt.

"That's it mommy, take my load. I'm cumming inside you, inside your tight pussy. Gonna fill you up so much you'll be having my babies for years." Lenny whispered into his mother's ear. He didn't know just how true his words would be.

Sally's eyes went wide as she listened to her son's sick words. She could feel her child's huge load filling her womb. She felt his cum load start to pour out of her over filled cunt and drip onto the seat below them. Just as she came down from her last orgasm the train lights came back up and the train started to move.

"Sorry about that folks, we'll be pulling into the station in a moment" Announced the Conductor.

"Oh that's good, so I won't be late at all" Commented Frank. "Have a nice day you two." He added as the doors opened and left.
Chapter 2
Home | Top | Eros Alban's Page |   Feedback to author


 
Home | Eros Alban's Page « Sally & Lenny Index « Previous
Chapter 2
Posted: April 16, 2011 - 02:55:56 pm

Part two.

As the doors closed behind her husband, Sally could still feel her son's thick cock harder then ever. He was just coming down from his massive cum. His cock still planted deep inside his mother.

"Lenny sweetheart, you're still ... your still ... uh ... still har ... still inside me." Sally whispered. She wasn't sure what to do.

"I know, mom. We still have many stops before we have to get off ... the train." Lenny had only one thing on his mind at this point. As to explain his plan to his mother he thrust up his hips. Sally moaned softly as she looked around. While the train was no longer packed, there were still a few people in the car. Thankfully no one seamed to be watching them. Shifting slightly Sally was able to slide a little deeper onto her son's cock while giving her the ability to reach the floor in order to start bouncing and riding her son.

As they continued down the track Lenny and Sally increased their movements. As more people left the train with each stop, they became more public with their incestuous fucking. When they were one stop away, the last person left them alone on the train. Still deep inside his mother, Lenny stood up and had Sally bend over. As they raced to their stop, Lenny openly fucked his mother in the middle of the train. Sally moaned and begged; for her son to breed her pussy, to knock his mother up with his bastard child, to fuck his mother harder. Moments before the train stopped, Lenny roared like a beast and shot another huge load of cum deep inside his mother's raw pussy. Standing up and spinning around Sally kissed her son just as the doors opened and more people got on the train.

Part three

Mother and Son walked down the street to the park, his cum slowly dripping down her legs. Lenny had just fucked his mother Sally twice on the train across the city. The first time while his father Frank stood two feet away, unaware that he was being cuckolded.

"You know Lenny; you just fucked your own mother, twice."

"I know mom." Lenny felt his cock start to chub at the thought.

"Did you know that your father got snipped a few years ago?"

"What? Really, dad's shooting blanks?"

"Yes and for a while now. Do you know what that means?" Sally asked her son.

"No shit! You mean ... that you're not ... that I just..."

"That's correct young man. That means that when you just fucked your mother ... that you shot your young thick heavy virile load of sperm into your mother's unprotected womb. You just might have knocked your mother up with your baby."

"Oh wow, I mean I was just being nasty when I said that on the train ... I didn't know. My baby. I can't believe I just put my baby in my own mother's belly ... that's just so ... fucking hot."

Lenny was now sporting a huge boner in his shorts, proudly showing off to the world. The thought of knocking up his mother was one of his biggest fantasies. Now faced with the fact of actually doing that, Lenny was more turned on then ever before.

They were just reaching the park. It was a large park with open fields, woods, a lake, and beach. From where they stood, neither Lenny nor Sally could currently see anyone. They seemed to be alone for the moment. Seeing the clear coast, Lenny grabbed his mother who didn't resist. He tore of her wrap, pushed your against a tree, lifted her leg, fished out his dripping cock and aimed it at his mother's used cum filled pussy.

"Honey, no not again, not in public." Sally tried saying, but was silenced as her son shoved his thick member deep inside her again. "Oh gawd yes." she screamed as her son once again publicly fucked her. His large cock filled her pussy so good.

"Oh mommy, your pussy is so tight and juicy. I love fucking you. Oh god, I'm gonna cum again." Lenny said just before filling his mother's cunt with his cum once more.

Sally was cumming so hard from being taken and fucked by her son. She just loved the way he filled and fucked her.

They spent the rest of the morning fucking each other in different places in the park. The best was when they were at the lake. They were lying on the beach, there were several people thought the area. Lenny pulled his mother on top of him his cock was already out and hard. She giggled as her son entered her. He quickly rolled them over and fucked his mother while more then a few eyes watched.

"Oh god, you fuck me so good. But Lenny, there are people watching."

"So, let them."

"Oh you're so naughty; I don't know why I let you do these things to me."

"You let me because you're my mommy slut-whore. Right. And you will continue letting me do what ever I want to you? Even making your carry my baby?"

"Oh I think it's so late to prevent that. But yes I will let you."

"Anything, anywhere?" Lenny asked adding a few extra thrusts into her pussy.

"Oh ... yea ... right there ... Yes Baby, you have full rights to me and to my pussy."

"Even if that means I fuck you in front of Dad?"

"Ohhhh ... yes. Even then" Sally came at the thought.
Chapter 3
Home | Top | Eros Alban's Page |   Feedback to author


 
Home | Eros Alban's Page « Sally & Lenny Index « Previous
Chapter 3
Posted: June 28, 2012 - 10:18:01 pm

Part four

Frank had spent a long day at the office. He would've been quite happy to have spent the day fucking his wife's sweet pussy. So it was a welcome sight to come home and find his wife sitting naked in the living room playing with her self.

"Hey there sexy. Looking for some fun?" he asked her.

"Oh Frank your home. I've been so horny all day." Sally said jumping up and kissing her husband. "Why don't you sit right down."

Sally led Frank to a chair and as he sat down she began to kiss him ferociously. Frank closed his eyes and enjoyed making out with his wife. Suddenly she moaned loudly and began rocking against him. As Frank opened his eyes the sight before him sent him reeling.

"Lenny son, what the hell are you doing?" Frank asked in shock.

"Dad, just what the fuck does is look like I'm doing?"

What it looked like, what it was ... was so unbelieveable Frank couldn't respond. There in front of him was his naked teenage son openly fucking Frank's wife. The boy was fucking his own mother as she leaded against her husband. Frank couldn't move. He just there and watched as his teen stud son turned him into a cuckhold. And the more he watched the harder his own cock got.

"Why son it looks like your fucking your mother." Frank retorted after finally finding his voice.

Lenny had found a nice slow rhythm by which to shaft his mom's soaked cunt. Frank could clearly see his son's thick cock stretching Sally's pussy lips. A foamy white broth was being churned by this incestal mating.

"Naw dad, I'm not just fucking her. I'm breeding her. I have been all day."

Frank moaned at the thought of his wife carrying their son's baby, and quickly emptied his own balls into the inside of his briefs. Sally saw a small dark stain appear and joined in her husbands delight, her cunt milking her son's cock for more cum. Lenny was more than excited with making both of his parents cum. He grabbed his mother's hips and drove into her harder and harder. He could feel his balls pulling tight.

"Here I cum dad, another load of my cum for you hot slutty mommy whore wife." He cried as he once more filled his mother's cunt. Surely by now she'd be pregnant with her son's child.

Frank looked up into his son's eyes.

"What a fantastic way to start our new life."
Your opinion is important:
Share with the others what you think about
"Sally & Lenny"
     
Switch to Expanded voting form
The End

Go to Eros Alban’s Blog
Posted: 2011-04-01
Last Modified: 2012-06-28 / 10:18:01 pm
Home | Top | Eros Alban's Page |   Feedback to author
