Home | Thesandman's Page - Settings
A Bigger Bed
by Thesandman
Copyright© 2008 by Thesandman


Pages: Prev | 1 | 2 | Next

Continuation...

"Well no, not really. Like I said she brought it up as more of a passing thought, I actually convinced her that that wasn't possible, boy did I feel stupid after catching the two of you! Because of that, I had made up my mind I was going to confront the two of you this evening, then when I left this morning, I realized I had forgotten a report that was due today and came back for it. Low and behold..."

"Well I guess it was bound to happen," I said standing up and beginning to pace the room, no longer concerned about my nudity, or even aware of it as I did so. "I guess that's that then," I said turning to face the two of them.

"That's what?" They both said in sudden unison looking at me as I stood there.

"No more!" I shot back bewildered starting to feel angry, though for the life of me I didn't know why. Angry at being found out? Or angry because my sex-life suddenly went back to the way it was before, meaning me dating my hand again.

"I'll be damned if I'm going back to having things the way it was before," Penny suddenly announced. "For the first time in month's I've actually started to feel good about myself again, not to mention no longer feeling irritable or as stressed as I was either!"

"Then what?" I asked sitting down on the edge of the bed, now more confused than ever.

"She's right," Bonnie said. "And you're missing my whole point because what I was coming to was this. Being that the two of you are twins, you've always had a very special closeness anyway, so the fact that you ended up getting involved intimately isn't that big of a surprise, especially after everything we've been through. But ... I'm your sister every bit as much as Penny is. I may not be your twin, but I am still your sister. So if this is to continue, it would make me feel like there was some sort of favoritism going on between you two with regards to this household and everything involved with it because of your intimate involvements."

"Like I said," interrupting her once again, "that's the reason this has to end between us then."

Now Bonnie was becoming irritated. "Damn it Brad! That's not what I am suggesting at all!"

"Then what are you?"

Penny laughed standing up next to her sister.

"What's so funny?" I glared at her, not finding anything funny at all in any of this.

"She's right Brad," Penny said and then reached over beginning to unbutton my sister's blouse.

"Penny?"

"Bonnie's your sister every bit as much as I am, no more, no less. And I have absolutely no intention of going back to the way things were, not now at least. So until then," Penny continued now removing my sisters blouse so that she stood in just the skirt and bra she was wearing, a knowing smile on her face as she stared at me. "You'd better come to grips with treating the two of us equally, and fairly in everything that's going on around here."

"Exactly!" Bonnie said grinning from ear to ear. "That's exactly what I decided to tell you, if you're going to fuck my sister, then you're going to start fucking me too!" she said with finality.

"Holy shit!" I said staring at the two of them as Bonnie began helping her sister as she stood there removing her skirt, quickly followed by her bra and then her panties. She now stood in front of me naked, as they both now were. I continued to sit on the edge of the bed, though speechless now, just looking at the two of them while they stood looking, and waiting on me.

Although there were obvious similarities between us, as I sat there looking at the two of them, now standing naked side-by-side, I saw the major differences, something of course I would never have known nor realized up until now. Penny was a natural brunette who wore her hair long and in a ponytail most of the time, Bonnie on the other hand being what they called a dish-water blond, as was also evidenced by the small tuft of neatly trimmed pussy hair, and unlike her sister who kept hers completely shaved. Penny had a bit larger sized full breasts, her nipples likewise a bit larger and darker in comparison to her sisters. Bonnie's breasts though slightly smaller, had more of a perky pointed uplift to them, each one capped by a delicately pink colored areola, though her nipples were larger than her sisters and stood hard, firm and erect well away from her breast almost invitingly so. She had slightly fuller hips than her sister as well, and I watched half mesmerized as Penny gently caressed Bonnie's ass with her hand as they stood there still looking at me together.

"Well?"

"Well what?" I said again stupidly.

"Well, are you going to fuck me now or what?" Bonnie said, and then walked over and climbed onto the bed. She lay back, spreading her legs and positioning herself. "Though to be honest sis, what he was doing to you when I first walked in here sure looked good too. Pete wasn't very good at doing that, is Brad?" she asked looking at her sister completely ignoring me for the moment.

Once again Penny giggled. "Oh yeah sis, he is ... very good in fact!" At that moment Penny slid into bed next to her sister and began toying with those hard little nipples of hers. "Well Brad? You going to get up here and take care of your sister? Or am I going to have to do it?"

"Penny! You promised! You said you'd never tell!"

Penny laughed, "Sis ... I think that under the circumstances, all bets are off here. You were the one complaining about there being too many secrets between us, remember?"

I saw Bonnie's face flush furiously. "You two have ... have..." I stammered, causing them both to blush a little as well as continue to giggle about it.

"We'll tell you about it later," Penny said, seeing Bonnie shaking her head in agreement.

"Yeah, later ... much, much later," Bonnie finished as she began stroking herself right before my astonished eyes, though I found myself slithering across the bed towards her as she continued doing so, until my tongue speared her tender sensitized flesh, hearing the groan of pleasure as she sucked in her breath as my tongue began exploring, tasting and teasing my other sister's clit.

Bonnie had climaxed within minutes of my going down on her for the first time, but it did nothing more than fuel the flames of her newfound desire. "Now we fuck!" she'd announced boldly, pushing me onto my back, sliding her wet slippery cunt down over my cock before I'd even realized that she had.

"And now ... you also get to finish what you were doing to me when we were so rudely interrupted!" Penny said teasingly. In the next instant, she was sitting on my face, rubbing herself against me. Almost automatically, my tongue began flicking at that hard little nubbin of hers, my cock gloriously being bounced on simultaneously. Though I couldn't see much, I could sense my sister's touching, caressing and even kissing one another as they faced one another while sitting upon me. I reached up with my hands, finding one of Bonnie's tits as well as one of Penny's, adding to my own thrill and desire as I now fondled and caressed the two of them as they in turn fondled and caressed one another all the while fucking my face and cock into oblivion.

So heated, and so in tune to one another's needs, we seemed to climax simultaneously together. I felt the liquid release of Penny's pussy begin, the sweet tasting trickle of her pleasures as they began to slide into my mouth, her soft moans of ecstasy triggering my own, the sudden onrush of cream spewing from the tip of my cock into my sister's cunt, then hearing her own deep-throated groan of joy in feeling my cock throb suddenly deep inside her, the feel of her cunt suddenly tightening, clenching, and then drenching my prick in her own cascading release of pleasure.

As erotic and as stimulating as it had been between us, there was a moment of awkwardness as we dressed, the unspoken worry and concern we still faced.

"What about Gwen?" I asked finally.

"What about Gwen?" Penny said. "No more secrets remember? We have to tell her ... everything."

"Including this?" I said speaking the obvious.

"Yes! Including this!" Bonnie adamantly demanded.

I hesitated while thinking about it. "I don't know," I said worriedly. "You caught us actually doing it," I said looking at Bonnie, "and as strange as that may be, that also gave you some time to think about it and decide how you wanted to deal with it, how you felt about it before approaching us. As far as Gwen is concerned, we're going to be springing this on her, it might be quite a shock."

"Maybe ... maybe not," Penny interjected. "I don't think you're giving Gwen enough credit though," she added. "And you're certainly not treating her like an adult, which she is. She needs to decide for herself how she feels about it, one way or the other. But this isn't something any of us can continue to hide from her either!"

"Maybe we can sort of stage it so that she accidentally finds us fooling around the way Bonnie did," I suggested half-jokingly. "At least that way she can come to a decision the same way Bonnie did."

"No," Bonnie said disagreeing with me. "She needs to know, but not like that. And besides, all three of us are involved now too, and she needs to hear about all of it all at once, and not walking in on a mini-orgy when finding out."

I could see that in my mind, Gwen seeing us, freaking out and then doing God knows what afterwards. "Ok, so what do we do, and how?" I asked.

"I have an idea," Penny said, always the thinker when it came to working through a problem and finding a possible solution. "Let's have a comfy night tonight!" she said.

"Comfy night?" I asked curiously, "what's that?"

"That's a great idea!" Bonnie quipped enthusiastically, "It's been a long time since we've had one!"

"Comfy night?" I asked once again. "Someone want to tell me what is it that you're talking about?"

"If you'll hold still for a minute, I will!" Penny said impatiently. "On those rare evenings when mom and dad went out, and when you were out doing God knows what with your friends, we'd decide to get together and have what we called a comfy night. We'd usually order in pizza, slip into something really comfortable, which was usually our favorite nighties, or in my case, a simple tank-top and panties of course."

"Of course," I said knowingly.

"Then we'd usually watch a movie together or something, and end up having one of our 'girl talks' while we were at it."

"This might be a good time to tell Brad about what we hinted at earlier," Bonnie giggled, once again her face beginning to flush.

Suddenly I was even more interested. "Yeah, maybe it would be!"

"Well, this particular night we'd watched a pretty risqué movie together, and one of the scenes had suggested, without showing much explicit detail two women orally pleasuring one another. Anyway, Bonnie then asked me if anyone had ever done that to me, and I told her that yes, I had experienced it, with another woman when I was just out of high school and still a virgin myself back then."

I sat there listening, surprised that my cock was already beginning to show renewed interest.

"And then what?"

"Well that's when I told Bonnie and Gwen about dad's secret dirty movies, and that I had also seen one of those and had watched a woman being gone down on by another woman, and how that had made me curious about it too, which is how when the opportunity presented itself, that I decided I wanted to experience that for myself ... so I did."

"Gwen was there too?" I said incredulously.

"Only for the chat and discussion," Bonnie stated. "I could tell she was aroused and curious about it."

"Fidgety," Penny said remembering, and laughed.

"Oh yeah, fidgety," Bonnie giggled. "She soon after excused herself claiming she was tired, but the truth was, she was damn horny and immediately headed up to bed to masturbate, something she was always doing, though she tried to conceal it from us, even though we both knew she always was. Sharing the same room together, I'd often pretend to be sound asleep, and then sure enough a few minutes later, I could hear her playing with herself. Anyway, so when she left to go upstairs to do her thing, Penny and I continued talking about it, and about the movie she'd seen."

"And that's when Bonnie told me she really wished she could experience that too, but that she didn't know, or would she ever dare approach any of her girlfriends about it, and certainly not her boyfriend who at the time, she'd not even allowed to touch her breasts yet let alone try doing anything like that!"

"And that's when Penny said she would, if I was ok with it, and to which I said I was, provided she never said anything to anyone about it, including Gwen, but especially you of course. I was worried about that to some extent, because even back then, you and Penny never kept any secrets from one another."

"Except for this one obviously," I said looking over towards Penny.

"You didn't need to know about this one," she informed me. "No sense giving you any additional jerk-off material to masturbate too, you're constantly barging into my bedroom when I was dressing or getting undressed must have given you plenty back then," she added with a knowing smile. "Oh don't look so shocked Brad, those silly reasons and excuses for coming into my room unannounced didn't go without notice. I knew exactly what it was you were trying to do ... to see. And so once in a while I actually waited for you to do so, and made sure you'd have something to see when you did!" She laughed seeing my face.

"Looks like you got me on that one," I finally admitted confessing to her, but then quickly changed the subject and got them back on track as to what we were originally discussing. "So that was the night you and Bonnie..." I stopped trying to find the right words.

"Ate each other out? Yes!" Penny laughed looking at me, and then down at my now very aroused, very hard cock. "We tossed some of the pillows from off the couch onto the floor, and then lay there for the longest time just licking one another's cunts. We were having a damn good time too, until we heard the sound of your car pulling into the drive. We hurriedly straightened up, and then went to bed, me joining Bonnie and Gwen back in their room, because by now we were both still incredibly horny, and even if Gwen hadn't finished masturbating herself yet, we'd already decided we were going to surprise her with our coming in, and doing ourselves right there in front of her."

"And you did?"

"Boy ... did we ever!" Bonnie laughed remembering.

"Fuck!" I said getting even more aroused, once again touching my cock, not even realizing I was as I sat there listening to their erotic, naughty little story. "So then what?"

"Poor Gwen doesn't even know we're there until it's too late. She's laying there in bed, knees bent, legs spread, shoving this cucumber that she stole from the fridge into herself."

"No shit!" I said envisioning all this.

"No shit, surprised us too!" Penny admitted, "But it was also hot ... walking in, seeing Gwen with this green piece of fruit shoved up her pussy."

"And then what happened?" I pressed anxiously.

"Penny and I both walked over to the bed, poor Gwen realizes we're there now of course and is freaked out a little, trying to pull the covers up, but by then it's too late of course. Anyway, Penny slips into bed on one side of her, and I on the other. She's sort of wild-eyed and embarrassed, until Penny takes the cucumber she was using, and slips it into herself for a moment, then takes it out and hands it to me, which is when I did. Then I gave it back to Gwen. She's smiling now, relieved, and inserts it back into herself. We spent the next hour or so watching one another fucking ourselves with the cucumber, as well as one another until we'd all climaxed a number of times."

"After that ... we had a 'comfy' night whenever we could get away with it," Penny told me.

"So you did this again?"

"Several times little brother," which is what Penny often referred to me as when she chose to tease me, being older by just eight minutes, "several times!"

"Damn!" I said seeing it clearly etched within my mind. "And to think, I never knew!" I added with surprise.

"You were always too busy trying to see my tits rather than thinking you might catch the three of us doing a hell of a lot more!" Penny grinned.

"Comfy night huh?" I said ignoring her comment.

"Yeah, comfy night. Only this time, you're invited."

"So how's this going to work exactly? Obviously Gwen might not react well if you tell her you're having a comfy night and I'm going to be there ... just like that."

"No, but I will tell her that we're going to "sort of" have a family night together, which will include making ourselves comfy for it, and that we're going to have a chat about things, about the family and such. At least she'll be better prepared when she hears what we have to say."

"God sis, what if she freaks out or something?"

"Don't worry about it Brad. Let Bonnie and I do ALL the talking. You just need to be there, but don't say anything unless Gwen decides to personally ask you something. Let us explain the situation to her. After what the three of us have shared together in the past, I don't think it's going to be nearly as awkward for her to hear as you think it is."

"Still..." I said worriedly.

"Well, even if she needs to go off and think about it after we have, we let her. You know how Gwen is. You can't corner her into making a snap decision. Sometimes she needs to spend time by herself thinking about it from every angle before she commits to something one way or the other. We just need to give her that time, no matter what happens after we've told her. But that's also why it's important that Bonnie and I do all the talking, and you remain silent unless she addresses you directly."

"So ... we do this tonight then huh?"

"Yes, I think the sooner the better," Bonnie agreed. "Now, if you'd give me a quick lift to the university so I can turn in my report, I'll call her and let her know not to plan anything this evening and to make sure she's gonna be home for a 'family comfy night'."

"Ah ... maybe we should take care of that first," Penny pointed out, nodding her head over towards my very erect, very stiff prick.

"Good idea," Bonnie grinned once again pushing me back onto the bed as she and Penny began licking me up one side and down the other.

As it turned out, Gwen didn't have any plans for the evening, and was pleasantly surprised when Penny told her that we'd be having a comfy night, until she added the fact that I would be there, and that we had some family issues to discuss.

"Oh, I thought you meant comfy night like we used to have," Gwen said disappointedly. "I've really missed that," she added honestly.

"Well, you never know," Penny told her over the phone. "We'll just have to wait and see," she said, and then hung up before Gwen could ask anything else.

Penny had fixed a light but delicious dinner for everyone, though telling all of us that since it was a family comfy night, we'd be eating it in the living room, on the floor as they used to do, and that we'd also all be wearing something nice and comfortable to sit in while we talked. Gwen had questioned that briefly, until she was informed that I'd agreed to dress comfy too, and was forewarned that that meant I'd be wearing nothing more than a pair of tight-whiteys as she'd put it to her, and that Penny would as usual be wearing nothing more than her tank-top and panties, just like always even with me there. Likewise, Bonnie came downstairs wearing her favorite P.J.'s, which these days consisted of a pair of panties and a cut-off football jersey that barely covered the bottom slopes of her breasts.

"You're wearing that?" Gwen asked upon seeing her.

"Sure, why not? " Bonnie said easily. "Like Penny said, this really is a comfy night, even if Brad's going to be there, and he's only wearing briefs, so lighten up!"

Penny already had dinner waiting for everyone in the middle of the living room floor when Gwen finally came downstairs to join us. She was dressed far more demurely however, wearing a simple pair of flannel pajamas that though obviously comfortable to wear, were certainly not provocative at all in nature.

"Chicken!" Bonnie whispered over to her as she sat down, looking towards me, surprised perhaps to discover that I was indeed only sitting there in a pair of tighty-whiteys as Penny called them. I remained silent, almost awkwardly so through most of dinner, the tension thick enough that you could almost cut it with a knife. Nearly everyone sat eating in silence, with the few words being spoken as more polite mundane conversation more than anything else. By the time we were all finished, Gwen was acting about as nervously as I'd ever seen her.

"Ok, now that we've gotten through dinner, is someone going to tell me what's really going on?" she asked observantly.

"See? I told you," Bonnie said. "She's not stupid!"

"Never said she was," Penny was quick to point out seeing the look of consternation on Gwen's face, and then on mine as she peered over towards me.

"What's wrong?" she asked worriedly.

"Nothing's wrong Gwen," Penny began seriously. "It's just that we need to come clean with you about something, and be upfront and honest about it. So what I'm going to ask of you is to at least listen to what needs to be said. Then afterwards, you can ask any of us whatever you'd like, or you can go off and think about it first, whatever you prefer."

"Ah oh..." she said, "Sounds serious, but ... ok, tell me. What is it? What's been going on around here lately that I don't know about ... yet!" She added now glaring towards where Bonnie was sitting. "Obviously ... you do!"

To my surprise, Penny started out with the very beginning, telling the story fully from when she and I had gone up into the attic to watch dad's old 8mm movies. I sat in silence listening, watching for reaction from my sister, surprised to get more of one out of Bonnie as Penny told the full story, not leaving out a single solitary detail as she did. Gwen sat in silence herself however, absorbing everything Penny said, sometimes shutting her eyes as though seeing it, thinking about it, and obviously wrestling emotionally with a great deal of it, which didn't surprise me. Only her reaction did, as there really wasn't one. I had fully expected to see he suddenly bolt up off the floor from where she was sitting and race up to her room, but she never did.

Bonnie soon after added her own little experience at coming home and catching us, then everything that had happened after that, once again between the two of them not leaving out a single detail, much of which was pretty explicit, and as far as I was concerned, not entirely necessary. But again, Gwen absorbed, listened and made no immediate comments except to ask a simple question here or there by way of clarification. For myself, I kept waiting for her to explode.

When the entire thing had finally been said and laid out, Gwen finally stood and indicated she needed a few minutes by herself to think about what we'd told her. She quickly turned and headed upstairs to her room without saying another word.

"Well, that certainly went well." I said sarcastically. "She's probably up stairs packing her bags right now thinking we're all a bunch of perverts or something."

"Oh hush Brad," Penny told me. "She's not thinking that at all, she just needs some time to digest it is all, you know how she is!"

That still didn't help to convince me however. "Maybe I should go up and talk to her myself, alone." I suggested.

"Don't you dare," Bonnie warned me. "That's the worst thing you could do right now. We threw a lot at her tonight," Bonnie reminded me unnecessarily. "And if she's going to be angry or upset with anyone ... it's going to be me, not you or Penny. You forget, I'm the one who convinced her that the two of you weren't doing anything, when she was the one who was actually suspicious of it in the first place!"

We sat arguing and talking about it amongst ourselves for quite some time, blaming ourselves and sometimes one another, worried about Gwen, as well as our own future as a family.

"Regardless of what she decides about it," Penny began, "she's still our sister, and we're hers, and you're still her brother too Brad! Maybe she won't agree, or even accept what we've decided to accept amongst ourselves, but at least she knows now, and can make her own decision regarding it. Whichever one it is, we'll find away to work around and through it." Penny assured the two of us, though I remained highly skeptical, and still thinking that it might be best to try and forget everything we'd done at this point, and somehow find a way to go back living the way we had been, make it work somehow, and try and forget everything we'd now done.

We were still sitting there discussing it, heatedly at this point when Gwen stood at the top of the stairs looking down at the three of us and spoke in a fairly loud voice.

"So ... let's see those dirty movies," she said simply. "Where's the projector?"

What we all noticed immediately as Gwen stood at the top of the stairs looking down at us was that she no longer wore the flannel pajamas that she had been wearing. Now she was dressed in what she considered to be her favorite "comfy" attire, which consisted of one of her favorite red-sheer teddy's that did little if anything to conceal her young, though full and well-rounded breasts, that were perhaps even a bit larger and a bit fuller than Penny's were.

Penny was smiling up at her sister as she stood, meeting her at the bottom of the stairs as did Bonnie, each of them giving her a reassuring hug as they did so.

"Well? Do I get a hug from my brother too?" she asked almost coyishly.

I quickly walked over giving her one, feeling the press of her near-naked breasts against me as she did so.

"So, let's see some of those movies," she suggested once again.

We quickly brought down the projector from the attic along with several canisters, some of which even I hadn't had time to go through yet. Penny set up the screen, which we hadn't bothered with the last time as I threaded in the first movie, and as Bonnie and Gwen went about fixing up everyone with something to drink and hopefully still settle a few honest nerves. I know I was grateful for it, downing the first margarita they'd handed me in one gulp.

"They're pretty explicit," I warned just before turning the first one on.

"Well duh ... I certainly hope so!" Gwen said excitedly taking a seat. "I've never even seen a real porn movie before, though I've always wanted to. Not just with anyone I happen to know at the moment," she added with a grin.

As I had done with Penny the first time we'd watched any together, I now found myself doing again with the three of them. Keeping one eye on the movie, and the other on them, taking more interest in their reactions than I was on whatever might be taking place on screen. All three seemed rather absorbed in what was going on, especially Gwen whose eyes had grown wide as two women had sandwiched some guys cock between them, he laying on the floor, and each of them positioning themselves against one another on top of him where they attempted to mash their cunts together with his dick sticking up and in-between.

"That's certainly interesting," she exclaimed after a few moments, and then even more so when he stood jacking himself off above the two women as they finally merged their cunts together, humping one another passionately as he soon after came, showering them both with a massive ejaculation that sprayed obscenely down on the two of them. It had been a short movie, which I'd purposely chosen in the event that Gwen didn't find it all that interesting to begin with, but she as well as my other two sisters obviously did.

"Find a longer one," Gwen told me. "One that has a little of everything," she added almost demurely.

I selected one that I thought would do just that, poured myself another drink, then reached over and turned on the projector as Penny turned off the lights.

I had sat in one of two single chairs, Penny taking the other while Bonnie and Gwen shared the couch together. In doing so, I was able to at least partially hide my obvious arousal, the fact that my cock was pressing stiffly against the front of my shorts at least didn't feel so uncomfortable that I couldn't sit there like that. But I didn't dare, and wasn't about to openly touch myself either, even though I was by now highly aroused, curious, and somewhat anxious about the evening, even though everything seemed to be perfectly ok. Not too surprisingly however, I glanced over to where Penny was sitting across from me and found her once again sitting on one leg as she most often did, but lifting her other leg bent at the knee foot flat on the cushion of the chair. Once again her hand found its way down to her pussy where she pulled her panties off to one side and sat fingering herself. She glanced up occasionally to look at me, smile, and continue on with her pleasured finger fucking knowing full well that I could see what she was doing.

Glancing back over at the couch was a bit more obvious in my doing, but curiosity was killing me, so I tried to look back without making a production out of it. Once I had however, I found myself eyes glued on my sisters, no longer caring about the movie any more regardless of what was taking place at the moment, which was pretty steamy all by itself with two couples busily pleasuring one another simultaneously.

Gwen and Bonnie sat finger-fucking one another, openly and without any reservation whatsoever! Each sat side by side with their hands down between one another's outstretched legs which they'd over lapped upon one another allowing easier access. Even glancing over towards me and smiling, acknowledging as they did so that I was very much aware of what was going on, only seemed to heighten their desires and passions, soon openly moaning and groaning together as they fingered one another's cunts. Even Penny was soon alerted to their passions, standing up to move behind the couch where they were sitting to reach over, cupping a breast from each of her sisters, fondling and caressing them as they played.

After a few more minutes, the movie ended, the sound of the film flapping about on the reel alerting me to the fact that it had. I stood up quickly without thought, shutting off the projector, thus throwing the room into darkness for a moment, as Penny no longer sat near the table lamp. It took only a moment or so for my eyes to adjust to the sudden darkness however, and upon doing so, to realize that Gwen now stood near me, reaching out for and taking my hand. Wordlessly, she led me over to the couch, turning me, and then having me sit down. I felt her hands grab the waistband of my shorts just before I did as she yanked them down around my ankles. Sitting, Gwen without a word, without any preamble whatsoever simply crawled up and into my lap. I felt her hand seeking me out at this point, wrapping itself around my highly aroused swollen member, using it against herself momentarily, rubbing the head of my prick up and down that wet juicy slit of hers before placing it carefully at the opening, and then easing herself down onto it.

"Oh fuck!" she moaned pleasurably. "Oh ... fuck!"

As I quickly discovered, Penny and Bonnie had taken up positions on either side of us, kneeling rather than sitting. As Gwen slowly fucked me, I reached out fondling one of Bonnie's tits as well as one of Penny's as she did so. I felt hands and fingers caressing, exploring us both playfully, oft times the additional sensation of a groping hand finding my cock, helping it as it went in and out of my sister's juicy cunt, other times frigging her clit, or even she theirs as they knelt beside us, welcoming her exploratory searching, reveling in theirs as we all touched, fondled and caressed one another simultaneously.

Leaning over, I delighted myself in sucking first one, then another, switching breasts from girl to girl as often as I liked, enjoying the differences and similarities of nipple, shape and softness. Gwen's pussy becoming more and more liquid with each thrust, each groan or moan of delight becoming more urgent, more needful as her upward, and then downward thrusts began telling me.

"Fuck me! Fuck me! FUCK ME!" Gwen screamed, and began to shudder in the throes of sweet pure ecstasy as she came.

Collapsing against me, I felt my cock slip out of her cunt, though it was more like being pulled out as I realized, Bonnie had gotten down on her knees behind us on the floor, now taking my cock in her mouth sucking it. But to my total and complete surprise, Penny had slithered down onto my lap, somehow worming her way between us as Bonnie bent my cock out of the way, almost painfully so, but I ignored whatever discomfort I initially felt as she began licking at her younger sister's still quivering snatch. Lifting herself up slightly, Gwen now draped herself over my chest, her head hanging back over my shoulder giving Penny easier access to her pussy which she'd now begun sucking, licking and tonguing just as Bonnie continued on doing to me.

I was amazed how quickly she came again, hugging my neck, pressing herself against me, the feel of her magnificent breasts mashing against my face now, which I quickly began to suckle even as she entered into her climax, Penny's lips and mouth capturing my sister's sweet clit, milking from it yet another explosive, joyful orgasm.

Feeling this, sensing this, my own orgasmic splurge began, too far gone to say or do anything, I simply let it, succumbing to the sweetness of my own pleasure, feeling Bonnie's mouth so securely wrapped about my prick as she continued sucking, feeling the release, the momentary surprise of it, then her mouth even more furiously working at my prick-tip, drinking, swallowing each successive jettison of my spunk into her mouth.

Finally Gwen collapsed off to one side, for the moment temporarily satiated, as was I. Each of us fighting to regain our collective breaths as suddenly the side table lamp came on once again throwing a soft dim light into the room.

"Give me some," Penny grinned walking over to where Bonnie still knelt, half smiling as she did so, a small trickle of cream emerging from the corner of her mouth.

"Don't make me laugh," she said lifting her face up, gurgling as she did so, the frothy juice now so readily apparent as Penny slid onto the floor beneath her.

Bonnie now leaned over, kissing her sister fully on the mouth, simultaneously spitting the cum-juice I'd only recently deposited there into her sister's waiting mouth, which she now sucked furiously in receiving, licking her sister's lips afterwards in search of any and all remaining residue.

Having collected herself, Gwen slipped off the couch, now standing over and above her sisters. "Leave any for me?" she asked.

"A little," Penny managed to say without drooling any of the remaining nectar that she held inside her mouth. Kneeling now, I watched my sister's kiss, watched as they swapped one little of my spending remained, then again shared with Bonnie who had joined them.

I continued to sit, wild-eyed and near hypnotized. Penny soon wiggled up between Bonnie's legs and began to lick her, likewise she doing the same now to Gwen, with Gwen completing the circle now licking Penny. I could only sit and watch the highly erotic, extremely sensual sculpture that formed, my three sister's all interlocked together, doing something they had obviously once done before. And like it had been practiced and repeated over and over again to perfection, they came simultaneously licking and sucking one another as moans, groans and hard felt cries of pleasure erupted within seconds of one another.

"See?" Penny said smiling up towards me long moments later. "If you'd just been a little more devious and curious, you might have actually caught the three of us doing this a long time ago!"

I could only laugh at that in agreement. "True," I told her. "But seeing each of your tits was enough at the time."

"Each?" Bonnie questioned me curiously. "Whenever did you see my tits? I knew you'd caught Penny a few times, and Gwen once or twice, but I thought I was always so careful about you ever catching me!"

"You only thought you were," I now admittedly freely, confessing it all. "I used to sit inside your closet when you came in to undress, watched you a number of times, even more than Penny or Gwen for that matter. You're the only one who had slats in the doors, which allowed me to sit there in silence and secretly watch you!"

Penny and Gwen burst out laughing with the admission of that. "And what else did you see and do?" They now asked.

It was just like old times now once again. Sitting there sharing with one another our little secrets, sharing our thoughts and feelings with one another as well as discussing our worries and concerns about a still very uncertain future. But there was a sense of closeness that we hadn't felt or shared in a very long time either, a belonging to one another that surpassed anything we had ever known or felt towards one another.

"Brad, your turn to get drinks," Penny told me after a while.

When I returned, I found all three of my sisters kneeling on the couch, their cute asses wiggling at me suggestively as they knelt there.

"Think you can handle all three?" Penny turned smiling looking back.

I sat our drinks down on the coffee table for later, my cock suddenly lurching to full size within moments.

I quickly stepped behind Penny, slipping my prick deeply inside her waiting cunt, we fucked for long precious moments before I moved over to where Bonnie waited, spending equal time inside her before moving on to Gwen, then back again, over and over, fucking each with more vigor, more intensity with each pass. Even when I came, I thrust, feeling the surge of my cream shooting deep into one, pulling out, thrusting again into the other, and so on until again spent, exhausted beyond my wildest dreams.

We soon after collapsed onto the floor where we spent the night curled up, sleeping in one another's arms. In the morning, each a little stiff and sore, but relaxed beyond measure, waking to smiles of assuredness and calm, Penny spoke.

"First expenditure when we can afford it," she announced, "Is a bigger bed, a MUCH bigger bed!"


Pages: Prev | 1 | 2 | Next

Your opinion is important:
Share with the others what you think about
"A Bigger Bed"
     
Switch to Expanded voting form
The End
Posted: 2008-08-18
Home | Top | Thesandman's Page |   Feedback to author
