Home « reddbunnz's Page - Settings
The Spanking Couples: Femdom Spanking Poker Party
A Story in the Spanking Friends Universe
by reddbunnz
Copyright© 2008 by reddbunnz
?

After their initial introduction at the Spanking Party, Bill and Debbie quickly became friends with Ron and Marion. After all, they all loved spanking games and bisexual sex. For several weeks, the two couples took turns hosting each other for private, bisexual spanking parties. Bill and Debbie both began to love the taste of both cock and pussy — even when forced to "Clean-Up" partners of both sexes. Bill, like his friend Ron, was becoming addicted to the taste of male and female cum juice and creampies. And, he also loved it when the "Clean-Up" duties were conducted while he was bound and receiving a good whipping at the same time.

Debbie, like Marion, preferred to be the giver rather than the receiver of both whippings and "Clean-Up" duties. But, she also realized that receiving was part of the game, and she was forced to "Clean-Up", she preferred to be bound face up, with her legs pulled tightly back and apart, so that her ankles and arms were anchored to the bedposts — thereby presenting all three holes for use and abuse. She really loved it when she was forced to "Clean-Up" a cum-covered pussy or cock while the owner of that pussy or cock was spanking her ass and pussy. Ron also loved that position, but he preferred to have someone fucking his asshole with a cock or strap-on while he was performing "Clean-Up" duties.

And, every once in a while the private parties began with a quick game of poker. The rules were simple: They played Five Card Stud, with the cards dealt face up and no betting. The cards did all the talking, and the loser of each hand had to remove an article of clothing. First one naked was deemed the Designated Fluffer and Clean-Up Person for that night. That person was not allowed to participate in sex. His/her job was to fluff the other three — getting them ready for the main event — and to perform "Clean-Up" duties afterwards. Becoming the Fluffier and Clean-Up person usually meant a night of constant spanking and sheer sexual frustration.

At a recent party Marion, the most demanding and aggressive of the four, lost the Poker Game and spent the evening as the Designated Fluff and Clean-Up Girl. By the end of the night, Marion had a stomach full of cum and creampies, a very sore ass, and a very hot, but unsatisfied, pussy. But, rules are rules, and Marion knew she lost fair and square. Just as she and Ron were saying their final good-byes to Bill and Debbie, Marion leaned over and whispered into Debbie's ear "Are you free for lunch tomorrow. I have something hot to tell you". Debbie always loved hot, juicy gossip, and agreed to meet her friend for lunch the next day.

During the luncheon meeting the following afternoon, Marion decided to tease her friend by not volunteering anything hot or juicy. She talked about work, her marriage, fashion and normal girl stuff. Debbie finally got tired of waiting for Marion to spill the beans and said, "So, what is so hot that you could not tell me in front of the boys, Cumface?" (Marion always called the Clean-Up person Cumface when she was a top).

Marion's face turned bright red. She was both slightly angry at her friend for such language, and she also was afraid that two gentlemen at the next table heard Debbie call her 'Cumface'. She looked around, but nobody was paying any attention to the two middle-aged, over sexed ladies. Marion, feeling a need to get even, replied, "Well, if that's the way you're going to talk, maybe I won't tell you anything."

Debbie quickly apologized, and begged for the info. As a final act of proving her superiority, Marion ordered Debbie to go to the rest room and remove her panties and bra, then return and place them into Marion's purse before she would tell her anything. Marion needed to prove that she was the top dog, no matter what happened last night.

By now Debbie was hot and horny, and decided that she needed the hot gossip more than her panties and bra and slowly trotted off to the rest room. She returned with them balled up in her fist and slowly stuffed them into Marion's purse. Marion grinned from ear to ear knowing that her friend had just submitted to her desires.

"Debbie, I always thought you are a bit submissive. Do you prefer the bottom during our games?" This question surprised Debbie, for she always saw herself as a top. But, she quickly replied that although she loves the role of Top, she also sometimes likes to bottom to another woman. But that submission must be forced. She never voluntarily submits to anyone.

"I never bottom to a man unless ordered to do so by another woman. And, never when given a choice. That's why I like our games. When I am on top of you and the boys I am in seventh heaven. I love to have total control. However, sometimes I also enjoy having you in total control — especially when you order me to do things to the boys or force me to let the boys do things to me. I never will willingly bottom to the boys, but it's different when you force me to bottom to them. That's erotic and always gets me wet. But, not as wet as bottoming to you or having you bottom to me."

Marion liked the answer, and then asked "Are you ready to take our games to the next level — one with more risk and rewards when you win, but more pain and humiliation when you lose?" Debbie's bra-less nipples were rock hard and her panty-less pussy was dripping. She could not wait to hear more.

Marion explained that she and Ron would be attending a Femdom Spanking Poker Party the next weekend, and asked Bill and Debbie if they were interested. Debbie had never heard of anything like that, but immediately got wet just thinking about the possibilities.

Marion explained that the rules were simple: "It will start out as a CFNM party — all the women will be clothed and all the guys will be naked. The hostess of the party, a lovely lady named Jacki, has a special room in her basement for such parties. The room consists of a regulation-size poker table large enough to hold up to six players and several various spanking implements. Each player's slot at the table also contains a swivel chair. Behind the chair is a padded spanking rail, with ankle and wrist cuffs bolted to the floor. All six spanking rails are mounted about four feet above the floor, and are wide enough to hold two people simultaneously.

The guys will each be bent over the spanking rails, with their wrists and ankles locked in the cuffs and asses facing the poker table. Each cuff is positioned so that it pulls each guy's arms and legs apart and exposing his ass hole, cock and balls for all us girls to see, use, and abuse. And, there is a second set of cuffs that will be used later as the game progresses. In addition, all the guys wear ring gags and weighted nipple and ball clamps to remind them of their position in life.

Once the guys are in position, the Ladies Only Poker Game begins. Each lady in is allowed 10 poker chips and four items of clothing. Each pair of shoes and stockings count as one item each. Rings, bracelets, or other jewelry do not count. The game progresses similar to our Poker games. There's no betting. We play Texas Hold'Em, except that all cards are dealt face up. Everyone gets the two cards for free. Then there are three decision cards. Each round of decision cards has an ante to play: One chip for the first card, two chips for the second, and three chips for the final card. Each hand has both a winner and loser. The winner is the person with the best hand at the end of the final decision card round. The loser is the lady who folds first or has the worst hand if everyone stays to the end. If more than one player folds during the same round, the one with the lowest hand is the loser.

The winner automatically not only wins all the chips in the pot, but she also gets to spank the loser's partner. The loser must remove one article of clothing, and then give her man an erotic, hands-free blowjob while the winner is spanking him. The spanking continues until her man shoots his load. And, anything she does not swallow must remain on her face or tits during the next poker hand. After he shoots his load, she has to "Clean-Up" her man's cock but cannot clean her own face and tits. Beginning with the second poker hand, the loser has an additional penalty — she must "Cleaning-Up" the face of the previous loser — with her tongue, of course — before moving to the Spanking Rail for the blowjob penalty.

However, the game also has an additional incentive for all players to play their best. Each player is allowed to continue in the game until she totally runs out of chips and clothes. If she runs out of chips first, she can buy more from another player by selling clothing. Five chips for each item of clothing. But, once she is naked, she forfeits her rights as a Femdom and has to take a position on the Spanking Rail right beside her man. Of course, that is only after giving her man a blowjob. And, once again, anything she does not swallow she will be wearing the rest of the night.

The game continues until all but one of the ladies is naked and bent over the Spanking Rail. At that time, the male partner of the winning lady is released from his bondage, and together they are allowed to have their way with all the losers and their mates. Usually the winning lady dons a strap-on and fucks the men in the ass while her partner fucks the remaining ladies — usually also in the ass. So, when the festivities are over, all the men usually sport bright red asses and all but one have a sore asshole. And all but one of the women also has a sore asshole.

And, that's when the group orgy begins."

As Marion discussed the Femdom Spanking Poker Party, Debbie became very excited and aroused. Marion noticed that Debbie's hands were under the table the whole time she was explaining the rules of the game. Marion knew that Debbie was hooked, but Debbie also said that she needed to discuss the idea with Bill. Debbie began to daydream about what it would be like to be forced to bend over the Spanking Rail, with dried cum on her face and tits, while another guy fucked her asshole as another woman used a strap-on on her husband. She also wondered what it would be like to be the top in that scenario. The more she talked to Marion, the hotter she got.

Finally, when Marion saw that she was ready, Marion told Debbie that she could get her bra and panties back in the restroom — but only after eating Marion's pussy. Debbie needed to taste that pussy and off they went. About 30 minutes later, both ladies left the restaurant with the aroma of pussy juice on both sets of their lips.

When Debbie got home, Bill met her at the door naked. He explained that he had a minor traffic accident, and the car would need repairs. According to their Domestic Discipline agreement, an immediate punishment of 20 cracks with the cane and 24 hours of naked servitude was mandatory. They had never reached this level before. But, Debbie also saw that Bill's cock was rock hard, and there was wet with pre-cum.

"Have you been masturbating without permission?" She screamed. He only nodded his head in the affirmative.

"Why?" He responded that even though he was afraid of the pain that 20 with the cane would create, the thought of spending the next 24 hours as her naked slave turned him on. He couldn't help himself.

Debbie immediately saw the opening. She then offered an alternative punishment. She explained everything that Marion had told her about the Femdom Spanking Poker Party. Then she told Bill that she would forgive the masturbation offense — one that normally requires 100 hand spanks and 30 minutes of corner time — if he agreed to go to the party. He would be bound over the Spanking Rail the entire evening, but probably would receive multiple blowjobs and an ass fucking before the night was over.

Bill was delighted, and agreed immediately. Bill failed to realize that Debbie had just admitted that she planned to be one of the losers in the poker game, and probably would receive an ass fucking herself. Debbie then looked at Bills cock again, and saw that it was even harder than before. She knew the timing was right, and ordered Bill to go to their bedroom and prepare for his ass whipping.

An hour later, Debbie was screaming with delight. She had given Bill 20 very hard cracks with their favorite toy — a rattan cane — while he was tied spread-eagled face down on the bed. This was the first time that he had taken that many, and she was very proud of him. Then, she rolled him over on his back, retied him spread-eagle style, only with a pillow under his now sore and red-stripped ass, then climbed aboard and fucked him cowgirl style.

After they both reached a near simultaneous climax, she then turned around before scooting backwards and planted her cum-filled pussy and asshole right over his face. He knew the drill. Asshole over his nose, and pussy over his mouth. If he wanted to breathe again, he had to suck the creampie out of her pussy and make her cum again. Bill knew she was cumming again. But, he did not know that his tongue action was only partially responsible. For Debbie was actually fantasizing about being tied over the Spanking Rail while a strange guy was pounding her asshole with his rock hard dick. She couldn't wait for the party.

Marion couldn't believe her friend. She had been very specific to Debbie and Bill. The Party always began with Cocktails at 9 and the festivities at 10. It was now 10:30, but Debbie and Bill still were not there. And Jacki, the hostess was pissed. This was especially bad, because two of their regular couples were on vacation, and now there were only going to be four ladies in the game. She had counted on Marion's friend to be the fifth. Four handed strip poker did not last long. And her other two friends, Beth and Jenny, were equally pissed.

Finally, Jacki got tired of waiting and announced that they would start the game without Marion's friend. Beth and Jenny had been talking privately. Suddenly Beth said: "What about Marion? She promised us another player. Shouldn't she be punished for lying to us?"

Marion's face became flushed, for she knew that Jacki loved to whip women. They both were not only tops, but could be sadistic at times. Marion looked over at Jacki, and saw her grinning from ear to ear.

"What do you suggest?" Jacki asked Beth and Jenny.

"Why don't we declare her an immediate "Big Loser" and tie her over the Spanking Rail now?" Answered Jenny. Jacki and Beth both began to smile.

"Wait!" Yelled Marion, trying to save her soon to be red ass. "But it's not my fault Debbie is late."

"But, if we do that," Jackie replied, "Then the game will be over too quickly. As much as I would love to spank that big ass (pointing to Marion), I also want to play poker."

Then, Beth offered a compromise. "Why don't we play as planned; only Marion will be penalized two items of clothes? The three of us will all start the game with four items, but she will only have two."

Jackie and Jenny thought for a moment, and then turned to Marion. "That sounds fair." Jacki replied. Then, showing that she was usually the top gal at these events, added: "Marion, you have two choices. Either leave now and forever be banned from these games — or accept Beth's suggestion. But, we pick which articles that you have to remove."

Beth and Jenny both said they agreed to those terms. Marion thought for a moment, and realized that she loved this game. Such a penalty for tonight would be a small price to pay for their continued friendship and participation. She then agreed to their terms.

"Well girls, what should she remove?"

Marion was dressed for fun. She was wearing a skin-tight, spandex halter top with no bra, a black g-string thong panty with the back strap buried deep in her ass crack, a micro-mini skirt that barely covered her pussy and ass cheeks, and six-inch "Fuck Me" stiletto heels.

The other three began to slowly walk around Marion, staring at her body top to bottom. Suddenly, Jacki got that naughty grin on her face again.

"Everything but the g-string and the heels." Let's make her show us those tits and ass all night." The other two girls agreed. Marion agreed, and began to remove her skirt and top. Soon she was almost naked, and knew she would be the first to be bent over the Spanking Rail.

Just then they heard the doorbell. Jackie turned to the other three and said "This changes nothing." Then, she got that devilish grin on her face again, and turned to Marion and said "Marion, go get the door. And if that is your friends, bring them both down here — naked."

She then handed Marion two paper bags — each containing one ring gag, two weighted nipple clamps, two other weighted clamps that normally attached to genitals, and a set of handcuffs. And, Marion knew that the paper bags were for their clothes, which would be left on the front porch along with the clothes from their husbands. Debbie would be treated like one of the submissive guys tonight.

Debbie felt embarrassed. She had promised her friend Marion that they would be there before 9, and it was now 10:30. Bill's car was in the repair shop, and her's ran out of gas. How could she be so stupid? She and Bill had to walk three miles to a filling station and ask for help from some grease monkey. And, she was dressed like a hooker. Skin tight top, no bra, short, micro-skirt, no panties, black garter belt and stockings, and six-inch heels. She dressed for a fun evening, but spent most of it walking. She was actually surprised that the cops did not stop and accuse her of street walking.

Then, Debbie got her next surprise. Her friend Marion answered the door instead of the hostess — and Marion was topless. Not only topless, but only wore a g-string thong and six-inch stiletto heels. Nothing else.

"Where in the hell have you been, Bitch!" Marion yelled at her friend. "Look at me. I'm almost naked, and it's all your fault!"

Debbie got defensive. "Fuck you, too! Tonight has been pure hell. I don't need this shit. Either let me explain, or go Fuck Yourself!" She screamed back.

Marion knew that she was about to lose a friend — and one who loved to play kinky games just like her — and calmed down. But, she was still POed about standing in the doorway showing the world her tits and ass, and wanted Debbie to do the same. But, first things first. She let Debbie explain everything that she had gone through.

After listening to Debbie, Marion explained what had occurred downstairs earlier.

"There are some very kinky bitches downstairs. Kinky — and fun. I think you will love them once you get to know them. But, right now they are pissed because two of our regulars are on vacation, and you are 90 minutes late. All the guys have been bent over the Spanking Rail, but no one has a red ass yet. They are ready to roll, but no longer trust you. You have to earn their trust if you want to play." Marion explained.

"OK what do I have to do to make up for being late?"

"Strip, and put these on." Marion handed both Bill and Debbie the paper bags. "Strip naked right here, and put all your clothes in the bags over there. Then turn around and let me cuff your hands behind your back. I also need to put these on you" she said as she showed them the ring gag, weighted nipple clamps, and weighted clamps for their genitals. "Or, leave and never come back again."

Debbie looked at Bill, and noticed that he already had a woody from staring at Marion's naked tits. She knew that she had to agree, or there would be hell to pay from them both later. She slowly began to undress.

Debbie's next surprise came as she walked into the house. Here she was — hands cuffed behind her back, weights handing from her naked tits bouncing as she walked, similar weights bouncing from the clamps attached to her cunt lips and clit, and her mouth forced open by a ring gag. And, she could feel her juices beginning to drip down her leg. She was hot and horny. Maybe she was a submissive after all.

Marion led them both down the stairs, and Debbie and Bill could only stare. There were three absolutely beautiful ladies awaiting their arrival. Debbie saw that all three also looked very naughty. What was she getting into? They had forced her friend, Marion, to strip down to her g-string because she was late. What did they have in store for her?

They also saw four absolutely gorgeous specimens of manhood. All four were bent at the waist over a padded rail. The rail was positioned so that their cock and balls hung below the rail and were accessible to whoever wanted them. And, their arms and legs were pulled to the ground in an inverted cross design that allowed easy access to their ass and assholes. Debbie wanted to walk up and slap them all on the ass — or stick her tongue into their assholes. But, her hands were bound behind her back, and her mouth was held open with a ring gag.

As they entered, Jacki told Marion to bring Debbie to them, and then put Bill over the Spanking Rail with the rest of the guys. Jacki and Beth then began to circle Debbie — staring at her naked body. Jacki reached out and played with her tits — making Debbie wince through her ring-gag from the pain of the nipple weights as they bounced with her tits. Beth reached out and gave her ass a bit swat.

"So, this is your unreliable friend, Marion?" Jacki asked. "See how Marion is dressed? That's because of you. What should we do with you to make things even? And, what about ruining tonight's game. It's almost 11, and we haven't spanked an ass yet."

Debbie did not know what to say — if she could. She knew the evening was just getting started, and she would be going home sore. But, she was also getting turned on at the thought.

Then, Beth turned to Marion and announced "Marion, Jacki and I think that we needs some new rules for this club. Beginning tonight, anyone who comes late will be penalized for their actions. Anyone coming late must do the following: give each guy a blowjob, and allow them to cum on her face and tits. And, after blowing each guy, she will be bound over the Spanking Rail and receive a spanking from each lady that was on time. Same rules apply, only the timer will not be a hot cock receiving a blowjob. The spanking timer will be a hot pussy. She will get a spanking from each of us while eating a one of our cunts. Each spanking will continue until she makes the pussy climax."

Jacki and Jenny both nodded their heads in agreement. "And, because she held up the game, she will be immediately declared a Final Loser, and will stay bent over the Spanking Rail while the Poker game is played. She will stay there until after the game is over and all the penalties are paid." Jacki added.

Marion knew she and Debbie needed to agree, too. Debbie's die was cast. She could either accept, or leave and never come back. And, Marion knew that if Debbie left she would be taking her place on the Spanking Rail. Marion stepped forward, took Debbie by the arm, and marched her to the Rail.

Marion could not believe her luck. She starred at the cards again. She had a natural straight. In this game it should be a winner, or not a loser. But, Jacki and Jenny both had a full house, and Beth had four of a kind. She stared at the cards, with cum drying on her face from the last hand. She had bet her last chip, and now was losing her thong. And, she knew the rules. No clothes meant she just earned a spot on the Spanking Rail. But, first, the mandatory blowjob. Ron must be loving it tonight.

Debbie looked over at her friend in surprise. Why was Marion giving Ron another blowjob? She had just been here minutes ago. Then, she saw that Marion was totally naked. Oh, my God, Marion was the first real loser of the night. Then, the other three ladies came into view. Debbie could not believe it again. All three were totally clothed. Nobody had lost anything. All had their heels, panties, skirts, and tops on. Marion had lost the first two hands, and was now headed for the Spanking Rail. That is, as soon as Ron shoots his load.

Just as Marion began to suck on Ron's big cock, Jenny walked up to Debbie. She quickly lifted her skirt and pulled her panties aside, then said "Marion, want to have a race? I bet that this Cuntlicker can make me cum before you can make Ron?"

That got Jacki's attention. "Oh, yeah. What's the stakes?"

Jenny knew she spoke too soon. Jacki loved games, and was very competitive. She had no idea about what to say. But, Jacki did.

"How about a good ass fuckin'?" Jacki replied. 'If she wins, you take her place on the rail. If you win, you get to ass fuck her now." Marion, with a mouth full of cock, loved those odds. She pulled her mouth free and nodded her head in agreement. Jenny was cornered. She had to agree and pulled her skirt and panties off.

"What about them?" Beth asked, as she pointed to Ron and Debbie.

"Same rules as before. You and I will be the spankers. We will spank Ron and Cuntlicker while they go down on Marion and Jenny. Their incentive will be to shorten the spanking. And, I am sure Cuntlicker already has a sore ass, so she will do anything to make it stop."

Ron and Debbie had no say in the matter. The die was cast. The last thing that Debbie saw before a cunt was forced into her face was Marion grasping Ron's big cock with her lips. Then, she felt a sharp pain on her ass. The first of many more.

Marion could not believe her luck again. This time she was loving it.

First was the cum contest with Jenny. She figured that she would lose that one. Ron had already cum three times tonight, and she figured that he would take forever. And, Debbie had become a good cuntlicker. She also knew that Debbie could not take much more spanking, so she would do everything to get Jenny off. And, besides, she had cum to love a good ass fucking. So, she agreed to the contest because she saw it as a "No Lose" situation.

Marion glanced to Jenny, and saw that she was really getting excited. Marion was about to submit, when she suddenly felt Ron's cock begin to pulse in her mouth. Just as she felt the jism begin to erupt, she pulled her mouth off his cock and shoved her tits directly under it. The hot man juice poured from his cock onto her tits. Everyone now could see that Ron was Cumming on her tits, and she was the victor!

"Ah Fuck!" Jenny screamed. She knew she was close, but she looked down and saw Ron pouring his seed onto Marion's tits. Just as Ron finished his eruption, Jenny came. It was one of the hottest climaxes she had ever had. Debbie was a good cuntlicker. But, too little too late. She had lost. Now, she was headed for the Spanking Rail.

As Jacki and Beth were binding Jenny to the Spanking Rail, Marion looked at her cum covered tits. She knew the battle was not over yet. She was now back in the poker game, but she had no clothes. And, she had a cum covered face and tits. She asked Jacki for permission to have Ron perform a "Clean-Up", but Jacki reminded her of the rules. She was the last official poker hand loser, and therefore, had to wear the cum for at least one more hand.

Marion took Jenny's place at the table, and saw that Jenny was low on chips. A quick count -- six chips left. That's only enough for one hand. And, since she was out of clothes, she had nothing to bargain. Either she was the winner of the hand, or she was on the Spanking Rail. And, she also knew that Ron's ass needed a rest.

She also looked at the chips of the other two. Beth was in the same boat as Jenny. Six left. Then she would have to sell clothes. Jacki was the big winner so far. So, she needed to concentrate on getting Jacki's chips. But, first things first. She had to win or she was on the Rail.

Luck was on her side. Beth was only ace high. So, she folded after the initial deal, automatically making her the loser. But, she still had her chips. Jacki fought to the end, but Marion had a full house to her straight. Marion had just increased her odds. Beth removed her top, showing everyone her tits. Jacki was now the only fully clothed player. But, Jacki was down to only six chips left, too. This was getting interesting.

Marion swiveled in her chair, and gave Beth access to her face and tits. Part of the penalty for losing a hand was to "Clean Up" the cum on the face and tits of the last hand's loser. And, Marion was covered in cum. Marion asked Jacki to handcuff Beth, so that she could only use her tongue. Jacki agreed, to Beth's dismay. It took Beth almost 10 minutes to lick it all off Marion. Then they moved over to the Spanking Rail, where Marion gave Beth's lover a good hard spanking while Beth gave him a blowjob. Beth returned with cum dripping from her mouth. Marion was feeling better.

The next hand was a repeat of the first. Except that Beth stayed in to the end, only to become the loser again. She removed her skirt, revealing an almost non-existent thong. And, it was pulled inside her pussy lips. Beth made no attempt to pull it out, which made Marion even hotter.

Beth now had two items of clothing and no chips. Jacki had no chips, but was fully clothed. Both girls had to buy chips to remain in the game. But, an article was only worth five chips, and it took six to win a game. Marion and Jacki reminded Beth of that fact. Beth pleaded with Marion for one more chip, but Marion remembered that Beth was the one that suggested that she strip off two items of clothing earlier in the night.

Jacki also reminded Beth of the rules, and told her she had two options: either admit defeat now, give her lover a blowjob, then get bound over the Spanking Rail. Or play another round that she could not win. That would mean that her lover would be getting three spankings in a row. His ass would be sore for quite some time. Marion then offered a compromise. She could give her lover a blowjob without the required spanking — for five chips. She would be out of the game, but her lover's ass would be saved two spankings. Beth looked at her lover, and agreed. She pushed her chips into Marion's pile, and walked over to the Spanking Rail to pay her penalty.

After Beth was bound over the rail, Jacki and Marion returned to the table. Marion was naked, but had most of the chips Jacki was topless, but had five chips. Marion reminded Jacki that she would stay the entire hand. Therefore, Jacki would be the loser because she did not have enough chips. Jacki realized her case, and took off her skirt. She was now down to her panties and heels. But, she now had 10 chips, and only needed one win. Marion was still in a "No Lose" situation. She could not buy clothes. And, one more loss meant the Spanking Rail.

But, luck was with her again. Jacki had a full house, 10 high. Marion had a full house, queen high. Jacki was the loser, and removed her heels. As they were walking over to the Spanking Rail where Jacki would give her husband a blowjob while Marion spanked his ass, Marion reminded Jacki that she only had four chips left. It took six to win a hand. Jacki must either give up, or buy more chips with her panties. Then, with both girls naked, it would be a "Winner Take All" hand.

Because of the nature of the hand, both girls agreed to put all their chips aside, and play the hand face up. No betting. Winner take all. Loser goes to the Spanking Rail. Winner gets her man released, and gets her way with everyone else. Marion could not wait. She wanted to fuck Jacki in the ass for quite some time. Last month Jacki was the Final Big Winner, and she and her husband both fucked her in the ass. Now, was it payback time?

The cards were dealt. Jacki had two pair. Marion had four spades. She needed one more spade on the last card. She held her breath as she dealt the final card. She closed her eyes as it hit the table.

"Ah Fuck!" She heard Jacki cry. She opened her eyes, and there it was. The Queen of Spades. The infamous Black Lady. The least popular card in several other card games. But, it was her Victory Card.

She picked up the paddle, and led Jacki over to her husband. As she did she reached out with her hand, and slipped her middle finger into Jacki's asshole.

"This belongs to me for the rest of the night!"

The fun was only beginning.
Your opinion is important:
Share with the others what you think about
"The Spanking Couples: Femdom Spanking Poker Party"
     
Switch to Expanded voting form
The End
View the Spanking Friends Universe
Posted: 2008-06-12
Home - Top   Feedback to author
