Chapter 01

The winter weather finally gave the rural area a break, the morning sun had broken and the temperature was above freezing for the first time in months. Waking up and shaking the cobwebs from his brain, the muscles crying out for some action, the command seemed to say go for a nice brisk walk. Taking his cross trainers out from under all the winter hats, mitts and scarves, sitting down lacing up a new invigorating life seemed to flow through his veins. The bright sun glaring into his eyes causing him to reach and put on the dark lens glasses using the protection to shield himself from retina burn.

Slowly at first his gate moved like a seventy year old gingerly moving left foot in front of right foot etc. as the cross trainers breathed with his foot the pace picked up until he was moving slightly less than a jog. Paying no heed to the time nor distance, just feeling the warmth of the sun warming his body, his mind wandering to all the wonderful scenes that he had played on the internet, with his willing palm sisters. Marching along feeling alive as the heart rate increased to a boiling point knowing that finally some calories are melting away and the deep breathing filling his lungs with hot air as opposed to the bitterness that still beat inside that broken heart and cursed mind of his.

A crow sounded squawking like a nervous child caught with its fingers in the cookie jar, making him look up and forget his thoughts as the bird flew towards a bay window. The sight before him, bringing the brakes to his shoes, rubber squelching to a halt, his momentum stopped and those eyes bugging out behind the dark lens. A beautiful unclad woman, a lady of grace, sitting there upon her love seat just playing with herself almost like giving herself an examination, the fingers plying her labia lips open exposing the inner soft petals, even from the sidewalk he could see the pink glistening shimmering against the rays of the hot sun.

She seemed to sit up and just before grabbing her rounded breasts and touching her nipples her hand and fingers beckoned him to her. No, hesitation in his step, this miracle unfolding before him was not going to be passed up. Almost running he strode up the walkway to the front door. As he reached to ring the doorbell like magic the door swung open and a pair of hands grabbed the lapel of his jacket pulling him into an embrace coupled with a set of soft wet full lips pressing against him.

Had he been at home still it would seem like a most pleasant wet dream happening but the warmth of his skin and the throbbing trying to get out of his pants told him this was actually happening. Taking his hand shutting the door she leads him down the hallway into a room filled with candles burning the soft scent of vanilla and strawberry filling his nostrils as he is dragged in to the center. With a delicate touch quick and deliberate she undoes his coat dropping it to the floor, pulling his t-shirt over his head and then her long fingernails grazing his skin as the pants are pulled over his hips and dropped to the floor as he steps out of them her nails slowly caress the skin up and down his back and stops and kneads the cheeks of his backside opening and closing them like a well read book.

Pulling his torso closer to her their bodies mesh skin against skin, his nipples hardening rubbing against her already hardened buds. The trimmed patch of her pubes gyrate against his well trimmed bush, as his pole expands and rubs between her thighs feeling the heat radiating out. Her lips exploring the warmed face, almost as if she is sucking the sun-drenched skin so that it is swallowed deep into her existence. The pleasure overwhelming him driving the desire to his foremost thought, leaning down his arms behind her knees he scoops her up cradling her to his chest as he makes way to her bed, gently placing her down like a rag doll, letting his fingertips trace the outline of her torso, from the neck down the ribs, over the hips down the right leg, across to the left up the outside, just the fingertips applying a little pressure igniting the fires of passion, this he sees as the goose-bumps appear along the trail of his fingers.

Reaching the left shoulder the fingers slowly move across, following the pattern of the self-examination he saw in the window. Trailing down the center of her chest till he reaches the twin mounds, circling first one side then the other the beads of sweat now escaping her skin letting him know that she is enjoying the stimulation. Simultaneously he grasps her nipples with both hands the fingers rotating and lightly pulling the rose buds as the areolas seem to expand and the nipples harden and grow to his touch. Letting go replacing his fingers with his lips on the right nipple as the sucking motion in and out as his tongue flicks back and forth across imagining that the taste of milk would be so exotic and satisfying.

Fingers find the heat of her womanhood blasting out like that of a furnace on those cold winter nights. Slowly parting her lips he slips in first one finger than two as the exploration of her velvet-lined walls contact the tips of his digits. The thumb rubbing the hard button of attention moving it in a circular motion until she began to raise her hips to meet his thrusting fingers. Clipping the clit between the forefinger and thumb now applying pressure jerking it like a small penis as the fingers pulse in and out of the wet hot channel of lust, her inner muscles grabbing and gripping his fingers with such force that he feared his knuckles might pop.

An ear shattering moan escaped her throat as she momentarily ceased moving and the flood of juices breaking over the dam of his fingers as she let loose like a bucking bronco making him hold on for dear life and a ride his hand and wrist had never witnessed before. Calming down she grabs his wrist bringing it to their lips as they both clean off all her juices and then she flips him onto his back raising his arm above his head and then grabbing the other arm bringing them together as she trails her long painted nails down his exposed arms, through his armpits down across his collarbone and tweaking his nipples. Straddled across his abdomen she gazes down into his eyes, his body now in her control, will he receive the return treatment, has she been satisfied, his mind is reeling not knowing what comes next.

A sinful gleam appears in her deep blue eyes, the grin erupting across her face lighting up the distance between her face and his. Without warning she slides her long legs up and over him and dismounts as if she were getting off an Arabian, landing on her feet without a single glance back her naked ass in perfect rhythm walks out of the room. Shocked his senses slowly coming back to him jumping off the bed and starting to follow realizing his nakedness stops in the middle of the room bending over snatching up his clothes, dressing and with a lost puppy feeling leaves and walks down the hallway, looking into the room with the bay window finding it empty, opens the front door and leaves feeling in the pit of his stomach the same as the room he just searched. Chapter 2 Dejected, frustrated and a brand new feeling flowing through his body as he walked on home the pace a little slower as he pondered running through his mind the events that just shook his world. The smell of the mystery woman still lingered in his nostrils, her taste echoed inside his mouth, the heat of her touch just as hot as the rising sun on his body. Shaking from the feelings left by that last gaze the depth of the look into his eyes and the overwhelming urge to understand what message she was sending him, sure she was going to rock back and forth and then mount his hard shaft, not the dismount and vanishing act that she performed. Reaching his home he entered and began the boring routine that had become his way of life. The days moved on and the nights brought about sleep which in turn orchestrated the movie like dreams replaying that moment when he was pulled inside the house, and all the sensations of kissing and touching a goddess like model in three dimension without the funny glasses.

Finally his day off arrived and praying that all things in history repeats itself, and that his good fortune the last time he walked this route will happen again, but this time being the prepared boy scout, taking notice of the house number and asking no demanding what her name is and why she left him the way she did. As the walking pace increased, and his heart rate kept rising, not being sure if it was the exercise or the nearness of the house. Last time the crow flew out of nowhere turning his head in the direction of the window, not sure which home it was his eyes continued looking for the couch facing outward.

Was his lucky star shining upon him again for the crow sounded, hearing it above his shuffle the ear buds dropping as he stopped and saw the vision of his dreams again in the window and again playing with herself as he became like a deer caught in headlights. This time just standing there watching her hands travel like a surgeons scalpel teasing and touching all the erotic nerve endings exciting herself, but it was her audience out on the sidewalk that really turned her on.

Like him she had wanted to take more or at least have a little more control as to when she needed to see him, not at his desire or whim, the touches and feelings he had stirred in her were still as fresh as the newly cut flowers from her garden. Making sure that all was right in the world she sat straight up looking out to the sidewalk smiling and using a hand motion, beckoned him, her desire, was to return to the unfinished lust that was kindled.

Repeating the same scenario as the first time she meets him at the door pulling him inside and shutting the door with a greater urgency this time, not letting him go dragging the tired walker quickly down the hallway to the end room again. The looks passing between the two could melt the icebergs floating around Newfoundland, her naked torso glistening with the slightest droplets of perspiration, his running attire a complete contrast and hiding his excitement from her. She gently pushes him into the room and closing the door this time only two lit candles burning on the far side, his eyes trying to adjust from being out in the bright sunlight and now encased in almost total darkness the sense of sight reeling grasping to understand what is going on.

She deftly pulled down his sweats and jockeys in one movement from behind him, allowing his cock to spring free and stand at attention. From her position behind him she reached around and began to stroke his organ, letting her delicate feather strokes as she started to whisper in his ear knowing that stroking his manhood, was the quickest way to his brain.

She whispered. "I can tell what you are thinking boy. Yes I've plucked your innocent little body out of the many that jog or walk by. I gave you a sample taste the first time and left you begging for more. Kind of what I am doing to your right now."

He could only gasp as the words reverberated around his skull, thinking what have I walked into here.

She continued in a low sultry voice. "Yes, boy I knew a strong virile one like you would come along and I would make you unfaithful to yourself. You will still love and feel yourself become empowered and free, and that is the gift, I am considering giving to you. You can still find others that you may top. Yet when you are here and Wwe are together, let there be no misunderstanding or doubt you will follow My orders. Is that clear?"

As she annunciated she squeezed his cock under the circumcised head very hard.

With all his strength he answered; "Yes."

She squeezed his cock even harder while he strained to get the answer out. Her voice like a hypnotic script penetrating deep into the recess of his confused mind, "I'm sorry, I didn't hear you. Yes what? Call me Mistress."

Another very tight squeeze this time with both hands one at the base of his hardness and one at the tip, willing him to answer properly.

He barely could respond through the pain. "Yes Mistress."

She let the pressure off, licking his earlobe and whisperd softly into him "Very good. Thank you dear."

Her fingers resumed stroking softly up and down the length of his growing erection, she felt his bravado weakening and that he was shaken and off balance.

Further developing the rules she continued in his right ear, "You will learn. When you obey Me it is pleasure that is received. When you disobey, the resulting action is pain."

Her caressing touch continued as her nipples dug into his back with all her weight resting against him and only her fingers stroking him close to ejaculation.

The deep sultry voice and her cadence of delivery keeping his mind off what she was developing, was he hearing these words right they sounded like, "You are about to cum. When you do, all you are going to think about is Me having control over your orgasm. If I have picked right, My guess, is you're struggling to admit you like being submissive to a powerful Lady. Most men are that way. They act all macho and brave on the outside, but a strong woman can convince them to do anything."

All the while she was talking she sped up the speed of her stroking and he began making sharp breathed humming sounds and deep-rooted moans.

Her verbal assault on his conscious mind continued in rhythm to the stroking of his hardness. "You can try to keep your mind off it all you want, dear. Look at it this way. I want you to cum when I tell you to. I do want you to submit to me. You could have walked or run down some other street but you came back, right now you could push me away, but you're not. Feel your worth the dark desires inside your mind, let yourself go. Release the taught social bonds that force you to be the dominant stronger sex. Cum for me at my command. Be mine."

He stood his ground feeling her words soak into the deepest part of his mind, while the physical sensations were driving his sac to fill with more seed than he had ever felt travel and push against his insides to escape down his shaft. He knew all he had to do was step back and this fantasy would be over and just end up being a dream. Instead, he was fighting to hold back not to cum all at the stroking of her hand he was becoming in awe of the almost instant control She had gained over him.

She felt it in her soul, every bone of her body was alive at what she was achieving, not wanting to let him go now she with a tenderness and firmness in her voice edged him on by saying, "Let it flow and come to the dark side."

Her hand was flying over his cock, she could feel the weakness in his physical shell but more so the willpower to resist was almost non-existent.

She needed the final straw to feel the power, "Cum now dear, Do It!"

Smiling to herself as he yelled and erupted, his cries to his god doing him no good for she felt spurt after spurt of cum leave his body cascading down and across the room, she slowed down the jacking of her hand, continuing to squeeze his manhood milking every last drop from his former self.

Patting him she complimented him, "Very nice indeed dear."

She told him to bend over and raise his sweats and as he did so she was sure her recruit was signed sealed and delivered but to be sure in her sexiest voice still behind him her words explained, "If you decide to accept my way, walk by here again next week same time and just walk up to the door and ring the bell." "If not, no hard feelings and have a good life. If you do, be ready to experience the ride of your life!"

Chapter 3

The next twenty-four hours would make or break his spirit, if as he really had a choice. Jace had been on the Internet all week long researching, had visited many sites that of the Castle Realm, thirty or forty Mistress sites found by goggle and Yahoo search engines. His mind completely swamped, with terms like feminization, sissy, humiliation, pony-boy etc. The Lady never mentioned any of these to him.

Closing his eyes for the thousandth time letting the memories of her touch float through his veins, the warmth, from just the thoughts the instant rush of excitement, his member growing pushing against his shorts and trying to spring loose from his slacks. For the past six days and nights every moment waking or dreaming was consumed by her last words if you choose to follow your destiny and accept my way be here next week. The worry coursing through him was could he handle being dragged around by a leash and collar, could he wear woman's panties, would his rectum handle being invaded, would she share him with others, would she make him do things that would be embarrassing just to prove a point. The biggest fear he had was like the money domes he read about on the different sites could this woman take away his money, his investments, the house had only two years left and would be mortgage free.

Jace was a man, had stood on his own two feet for years, made all the business and investment decisions and was living comfortably, he new within himself that early retirement was a real possibility once the house was mortgage free, the car and the bike were loan free, all the bills were manageable and each month a little was left over for entertainment or savings.

Mistress was adorable, soft, controlling, but oh so sexy. Putting his talents to work all he could find out was her name was Karinda, the address he noted when leaving her home this time had a simple listing in the white pages, and showed up on the 411computer page as MS Karinda. Jace's assumption was that Karinda was her name.

Again using the internet, wanting to be like a sponge and take and hold as much information as possible the origin of the name Karinda was Russian, used by aristocratic families to name their first born daughters under the reign of Alexander, it was meant for strength and a powerful free will.

Thinking to himself the initials JK stood for a very powerful union and president of the USA when he was a young boy. Also stood for Junior Kindergarten the very first stages of learning life both academically and socially was this an omen and were there forces greater than he could have ever imagined bringing this about.

Lists made lists write down all the pros the cons go over each and every point you researched and all he could come up with was that every Mistress and sub or slave acted within the boundaries that were determined by the dominant one. Each time Jace seemed to make up his mind either for or against the touch of her hands, the scent of her body, the piercing of her eyes gazing into him flooded his every emotion and he felt like the pull of the moon on the ocean and the craving of an addiction tearing at his heart that he needed to go back to her house.

The morning a week later arrives without a fanfare, no brass band playing just the slow opening of his eyes from a restless night of sleep. Heading to the kitchen grabbing a quick gulp of OJ and then back into the bathroom and a nice shower to awaken his body and hopefully his mind. Dressing in comfortable walking shorts and a t-shirt off on his weekly walk, this is his part of thinking of a healthy life, as the medical ads all infer exercise makes for a healthy body, mind and soul.

Making up his mind that he would walk a different route and forget all about the naked lady in her bay window. Walking his Ipod suffle in his ears and soaking in the wonders of a beautiful warm spring day an epiphany hits him between the ears as the beat of ACDC plays entering his gray matter. An almost cinematic explosion in his inner mind, a vision as masterful as any Universal movie plays, the Lady in her bay window is beckoning him to her, without a moments delay, Jace turns and starts jogging almost breaking into a full trot to make it to her residence.

Report Story
byIcetiger1227© 1 comments/ 13941 views/ 1 favorites

The thoughts of it being a residence of evil, a dungeon of degradation, all vanquished from his running motion picture, his mind can only see the beauty, the sensuality, the pure sexiness, the lure of the Mistress.

His heart racing not just from the increased exercise of running at top speed as not to disappoint the Lady but from the swelling of anticipation as to what awaits him, what kind of ride it will be, all the web sites all the different terms and checklists of sexual fantasies and desires that had flashed before his eyes on the computer screen. Turning the corner of her street slowing down trying to get his breath under control, reduce the pounding heart so that his submission is not overly obvious to Mistress Karinda.

As instructed Jace rings the doorbell, silence, no instant opening this time, has he mixed up the day? Is he late? Did she change her mind? These jumbled number of thoughts, filling and distracting his mind. Just as he turns to continue on his way nothing ventured nothing lost he convinces himself, the door opens and before him stands the most awesome sight he has ever seen.

Mistress Karinda stands there not naked as before but in the most luxurious looking terrycloth robe in an amazing shade of mauve, the collar up around her neck the shoulders hugging her like a tailor made suit, the flow of purple draping down covering every inch of her body no outlines except for the ample chest, but the flowing of the robe even covers her delicate feet.

The bright smile, shinning like the warmth of the hottest summer day, the sparkling eyes twinkling like the stars of the Milky Way, awe struck all I could do is stand there as my mouth dropped and drools of spit slowly trickled down my chin.

Mistress reached out and took my hand and guided me into her foyer, the softness of her fingers curling around my palm the warmth burning like a branding iron, sending waves of warm shivers up and down my spine from the tip of my toes to the top of my head. Leading me into a different room this time down the stairs only lit with a single forty-watt bulb.

Looking at me with the eyes of an artist and staring at a blank canvas. She whispers just audible enough for me to hear, "I am so glad you're here, as if you had another option!"

The look on my face just brought a smirk to her.

"Alright as I said before this is My way and your first task is to strip naked for me, Now!" came out of her sweet mouth.

"Very nice," now as she walked around my naked torso, she taped the back of my knees and asked me "kneel down."

Kneeling down her foot taps the inside of my kneecap as to instruct me to spread them wider, grabbing my hair pulling my head up straighter, using what felt like her foot on the small of my back to straighten me up and have me at what I remember reading as the sub kneeling pose, so I place my hands on my thighs turning my palms upward.

Another light is turned on and all I see is a chair illuminated in a flood of soft light as if the heavens have opened their gates and bathed this incredible throne like ornament in front of me with their blessings. Lady stepped into the light without her robe, the description will not do this Madona justice but I will try my best to give you a visual.

Mistress was wearing a corset made of kid leather soft and glistening, the eyelets down the front of her ample bosom strung together loosely with leather strings crisscrossing her breasts, directing the energy flow down to the narrowing of her waist almost like the skin is encased in a cocoon flaring slightly out with the French cut exposing just enough of a tease on her upper thigh with a mesh like thong covering her mound not really revealing the lips, her feet adorned with black leather heels at least five inch spikes raising her long legs to heights of majestic proportions, with coverings of black fishnet stopping a few inches down the thigh and clipped on by two single strands of leather flowing down from the tips of the corset.

Captivated watching her sit down and feels her run the side of her foot along his cock. Just kneeling and sitting in silence as her foot plays with his cock and balls. Flicking her ankle the shoe falls to the floor with a quiet thud and she begins to work his cock with her toes. His cock hardens quickly and he feels his balls starting to fill with his seed, for her toes seem to be magically awakening his sexual inner self. Lady knowing what she is doing bends her foot back and presses the bottom of it against the base of his cock pushing the hardness against his stomach, smiling to herself in delight as to how his cock comes to life for her. His hardness running up the length of his shaft the tip of his cock now caresses just below his navel while the pressure of Lady's foot manipulates him in silence. She splays her toes and nestles the cock between them and slowly squeezes, unable to hold onto control deep moans escape his throat as he exhales his breath.

Ginning she speaks the voice soft and soothing, "I know how to take you, to make you all Mine!"

Jace listens to Lady's words and feels the action of her toes as they penetrate into the recess of his mind. She kicks off her other shoe and extends her leg capturing his cock between both her feet. Slowly she begins working it rolling it between her feet, exhaling loudly with a gasp, she knowing smiles to herself.

"Tell me how thirsty you are after your walk here?" she coos at her captive subject. "Tell me convincingly how badly you want a drink."

Leaning forward chin in her hands, supported by her elbows against her knees, raising one foot under his chin raising his head up from looking at what she was doing to his cock.

Pulling her feet back, rising from the chair, unhooking the thong portion of her corset just fractions of an inch from his face, the aroma of her sex filling his nostrils, she sidesteps and walks over to the dark side of the room, hearing a cupboard opening and closing, sees the shadow of Lady approaching but walking behind him, feels her hands slide across his bare shoulders and down the length of his arms to take his hands, pulling them behind him and securing them around his wrists with a silk scarf, whispers next to his ear, "My cunt is hot today, and lesson one for you, is I want you to please me, as you have never pleased me or anyone else before, without using your hands."

Stepping in front of him, grabbing the back of his head, pulling it against her pussy, "Sniff." He smells her the scent imbedding into his mind as her unique smell fills his nostrils. "Can you smell My heat?" she begins, "If you bury your face inside My pussy the well of liquid inside will flood your mouth and satisfy all your need for a drink!"

Placing her hand to the back of his head as she sits down on the throne again edging out as she pulls his face into her. Feeling the warm wetness of his tongue against her slit. He parts her lips and starts a light sucking motion tasting the juices as they begin to flow, a delicate mixture of sweetness with just a tint of tartness entices his tongue further inside, his lips planted against hers holding the entrance to her tunnel open, his tongue darting in and out caressing the inside of her pussy.

She begins to slide in unison with his motoring mouth as she rubs her clit against the wetness of his mouth. Licking, sucking, curling his tongue letting the nectar flow into his mouth and down his throat drinking all the juice trying to satisfy all the urges and the thirst she has created in his mind. Her clit passes over his teeth, She moans loudly, feeling the hardness of her nub sucking it into his mouth scraping his teeth gently over it as his tongue flicks back and forth against the very sensitive tip. Her hips thrusting, fingers digging into the leather of her throne, his teeth holding her clit in place as his tongue caresses teasingly up and down the exposed clit shivers transferring from his mouth and tongue into her body, his chin buried rubbing into her slit. Her body shivers as she nearly peaks but wills herself not to. Sucking hard onto her clit wanting to let go and drink more of her juices, letting go as he feels her shudder, returning to her opening curling his tongue like a straw, burrowing it deep inside her womanhood, draining all the juices into his mouth and swallowing, his tongue exploring the inner walls and the upper side of the walls of her quivering pussy.

Soft growls escape from deep down her throat as she fights her control. He finds the little pea and starts flicking it with the tip of his tongue, lips open as the juices stream like a faucet filling his thirsty mouth. Her hips moving in a frenzy, her pussy riding his tongue and mouth like a bucking bronco, hips lift off the throne and thrust forward hard against his face, her entire body rocking, she begins screaming, "Eat Me, OH GOD Eat Me!!" grunting and thrusting fucking his face with her pussy, her inner muscles grabbing his tongue holding it deep inside her wetness, pushing into his face grinding, fucking his face hard and fast, her clit throbbing, her juices flowing, filling his with all the drink he can handle, as her toes curl, her body stiffens and stops, as her body climbs to the top of the mountain and she screams, "NOW!!!!!!!!! take it, drink all of me, take it all NOW!" Her essence flowing freely from her, feeding him, throws her head back and moans louder as she completely goes over the edge, the waves of ecstasy flood through her body, gasping she pushes his face away from her drained pussy, the chest heaving as the last waves of pleasure contract, reaches around him and unties his wrists.

"Now I want you to spill your seed in My honour." she barely gets out through her deep ecstatic breathing. Telling Jace to stroke and masturbate his own cock in front of her, watching with complete rapture as his cock grows even thicker and longer with his stroking the redness of the knob signaling the burning that must have been going on while he had fucked her so thoroughly with his mouth and face. Instructing him to squeeze his balls with his other hand, smiling at him, motioning for him to go faster, watching him her eyes on his throbbing cock, whispering to him "Beg me like your fucking life depended on it!"

"Oh god please Lady let me cum, let me cream you!" he pleaded

"Cum!! NOW!!" orchestrating the eruption as it shot out and covered the floor in front of him. Watches as he shoots his cum and takes pleasure in his body shaking with release for her.

Motions him closer and opens her arms to him. Kisses him softly tasting herself on his lips and slowly cleans his lips with her tongue. Thrusting her tongue in between his lips and kisses him deep, weaves her fingers in his hair, moans with pleasure into her new ones mouth. Takes hold of his tongue with her teeth and slowly lashes it with her own tongue. Releases his tongue and pulls back from him, holds him, cradles him in her arms, rocks him gently and looks down into his eyes.

"I am pleased with you, passing lesson #1 is a very good first step forward, I see lots of potential and possibilities in you."


Spring and a Mistress Ch. 04
byIcetiger1227©

NOTE: Thank You for all whom have been reading and voting, the comments left have been very helpful, the characters were given Names at the beginning of Chapter 3 to try and breathe a familiarity into the continuing submission.

*

Jace picks up his walking shorts, and immediately his mind travels back in time to the disrobing in front of Mistress, the aroma of her sex embedded in his nostrils, and then the comfort of her rocking him in her arms. A well-trained male he checks his pockets before putting them in the washer with the other sorted clothes. Finding a piece of paper in the pocket pulling it out immediately recognizing Mistress's perfume and scent. Mistress's penmanship flowed on the page similar to the grace of her walk.

In the simple sentence as he read it were instructions for him to follow. Jace's mind was reeling for it had been a few day's since his walk. What to do?

On the note it stated for Jace to go out and by a beeper and then call the number listed.

Leave his beeper number at the end of the message for all that would be at the number was an answering machine.

Placing the load of laundry in the washer, and heading out over to the cellular phone store in the mall. Jace had never had a beeper before and the young lady behind the counter seemed to not only be helpful but very flirtatious. He could not help but notice her green eyes twinkling, the perfect white smile, and the long golden hair down past her shoulder blades. Three weeks ago Jace would have been trying to get this hot number to go out with him. Purchasing the beeper and getting instructions on how it worked, he stepped out of the store and looked for a public phone booth.

Walking along the mall Jace was aware of the beautiful woman walking around, for some reason this spring was warm and the bare arms and legs being displayed was a welcome sight from the winter parkas and snow pants. Finding the bank of phones, reading the number from the note his fingers dialed Mistress's number.

"Hello, Dear, glad you found the note." is what greeted him.

"Mistress, um hello thought the note said," cut off as the machine started again.

"Laughter, thought it was me common error when the desire and the flame is consuming you." were the words from Mistress

"Now boy give me that number at the sound of the beep," was the next instruction.

"By the way I was so pleased with your passing lesson one, that I wanted you to know that from now on you CAN NOT CUM unless I say so!" Mistress's voice resounded in his ear as if she were right there beside him instead of the answering machine.

There was a moment of silence and then the beep or tone and as any good boy would do Jace recited the number into the phone. As he was walking back through the mall his focus was completely internal, not noticing any of the woman or men passing him in the aisles of the mall. The sound of Mistress's voice had a hypnotic affect on his whole being. His life seemed to now revolve around her and the desires that she created inside his mind.

Jace carried the beeper with him during the day, night and even when sleeping it was on his nightstand right beside his ear. Two days and nights passed and not a single message, looking up the tech number he called to check and make sure the beeper was activated and working. Confirmation from the provider assured him the number was in service and that no problems had been found so the answer was not a malfunctioning beeper, was he too late giving the Mistress the number, guess he would just have to wait and listen.

His daily life continued the same as always except for an oddity he finally noticed, none of the woman in his building, or the waitresses serving him caused his member to stand at attention. Were the words he heard on the phone that suggestive that in reality Mistress did now own his sexual life? Every time that he thought back to her command to cum while on his knees and how is body shook with such violence, that his mind honestly could see Mistress's curves and the igniting of the sparks of desire, the hunger so acute and so desperate that he thought he could not bear being without her.

Jace's thoughts continued along this path, never had he felt an embrace so tender and warm. He felt so very right in her presence. Nothing in his life had felt this right in years. And not seeing Mistress or hearing from her was something he was not sure he could get used to as he drank in the thoughts of her tenderness and her control.

Stepping out of the shower his beeper was flashing on the nightstand. All that flashed was a familiar number. Picking up the phone he dialed. The wait past the dial tone, the four rings before the other end picked up.

"Hello, again, don't get excited it is just the machine!" were her sultry words.

The gray portal between dream and reality was completely unfocused, his strong-will slowly melting away into a pile of silly putty to be molded by Mistress.

"FYI, Denise at the cell store thinks you are cute."

How did she know that was the girl that sold me the beeper?

"Remember that tomorrow you are to be here at the house, and you had better not have masturbated all week I will be able to tell" Mistress's voice sounding very stern.

"Congratulations on passing lesson two," as the tape ran out leaving a silence and a flame burning through every ounce of Jace. 

Spring and a Mistress Ch. 05
byIcetiger1227©

Mistress Karinda was so pleased with the progress of Jace, ever since the moment she decided to see if exposing herself would attract the right male to serve her growing needs. Jace had so innocently been led into her dungeon after just the second encounter. He then had gone to the store and followed orders to the letter.

She could only think of all the fun that presented itself in the days and weeks ahead, this strapping stud was eye candy, physically fit, and ever so trainable, just thinking about what had gone on so far the juices started to lubricate her sex. Mistress Karinda will never forget the look of terror and disbelief when she dismounted him that very first time leaving him totally lost in his own lust. Then jacking him off without even a protest just her words soothingly spoken into the darkness of his mind.

Today was going to set the standard and see exactly how far she could take his limits and satisfy the cravings that lived inside her sensual self. She knew that straight missionary sex and the following of conventional norms did not bring her to orgasm anymore. Having tried female to female sex and finding it adequate even somewhat exciting it still did not totally rock her world.

Mistress Karinda had discovered through her adventures that just like in her business that if she were on top and giving the orders that she had neared the big O. It was actually with one of her employees that had really opened up her dominant side, after a long successful weekend, the last employee and Mistress had gone out for a drink. The female employee had drank too much so Karinda drove took her home and found the life of bondage, mild pain and having a submissive ask for spankings, give herself willingly as a gift, beg to do anything etc. but something was missing.

Waiting now for that something, knowing that within the hour her next venture into controlling him, would be the medicine that brought her to the release of her sensual being. Shocked out of her thoughts as the doorbell rang thinking it to be Jace she hurried to open the door, but standing there was Denise, the clerk from the cell store. Her beautiful blonde hair slightly blowing in the wind, the deep smiling eyes twinkling with joy at seeing her Mistress answer the door.

"Perfect timing Denise please step in, what brings you to the house?" seductively spewed from the Mistress.

"These are the specs on the pager/beeper, that the cute customer you referred, bought and I had not seen you so delivered it personally." Denise spoke confidently hoping that Mistress would not be angry.

Taking Denise into her arms and kissing her passionately, "Thank you" she breathlessly answered breaking away from the kiss.

Seeing Jace jogging up the walkway, Mistress Karinda whispered in Denise's ear, "please leave by the front door, unfortunately this time my guest is not prepared but I promise you that the time will come when you will be rewarded for this my dear." With that Mistress returned to the other room as Denise opened the door to leave. A smirking smile crossed her face as she saw the man from the store three steps from the door. Just nodding to him as she gazed into his shocked eyes, and briskly walked past him without a word.

Jace shocked seeing the clerk from the cell store or was it, for she really did not acknowledged him leaving the house. The beauty of this girl was stunning in the frame of the sunny outdoors compared to the lighting of the mall. Her golden hair reflecting the sun's rays like a clean mirror, the body so perfectly proportioned and the sway of her caboose like that of come hither take me motion. Yet, again as he stood in his tracks watching the beauty walk away no erection no feeling was he becoming one of those erectile dysfunctional males?

Shaking off the vision and the thoughts and remaining calm he reached and rang the doorbell. As with what happened last week it seemed to take forever for Mistress to come and open the door, the doubt again rising in his mind. After a few moments that seemed like minutes in his eager mind the door opened with Mistress Karinda in all her glory standing their, the mauve robe looking like a regal gown on her.

Taking his hand she leads him into her hallway and just as she had kissed Denise only minutes earlier she took Jace into her embrace and planted a slow passionate kiss on his lips. Mistress compared the two kisses, for Denise was the one introducing her to the lifestyle and Jace was the inductee at her whim. Running the texture through her mind she found Jace's lips rougher, not quite as responsive, but the heat, the feeling of desire to serve was just as tasteful in both.

Silence was the best course of action for Mistress at the moment so taking his hand in hers she led him down the stairs to her soundproof dungeon. Once inside the chamber doors as the soft click of the door behind them Mistress spoke "Strip my dear!" Not wanting to disappoint Jace quickly shed his clothes folding them neatly placing them into a pile, only to watch Mistress kick them and sternly say, "Did I tell you to fold them?"

Seeing the look of shock on his face she smiled inwardly, her expression though never changing, he was totally in awe of this display from Mistress. Tapping the back of his knees indicating to him to kneel. Using her foot lightly kicking the inside of his kneecaps forcing him to spread out wider. Walking around him slowly drinking in his willingness to obey, and seeing that with each completion of the inspection his cock was rising growing harder just from the presence of her inspection.

"Have you jacked off, or masturbated to coming this week dear?" Mistress cooed.

"Have you spilled your seed into the vessel of another?" she asked.

"No, Mistress I have not masturbated or been with another," he replied proudly.

"Good boy!" as she reached with her leather covered hand and patted his head. "Thank you for your schedule," she continued as her pacing around him was beginning to take his mind into a new and different state.

"My purview of it indicates that on Mondays, Thursdays, and Friday mornings you are basically free of meetings?" she stated firmly.

"That is correct," he answered. Only to feel her hand come crashing down on the side of his head reeling him, luckily he kept his balance and did not fall over, in his mind that would have been embarrassing. "What the???" and he stopped as he saw her standing before him, her foot raised, as if she wanted to, could punt his testicles into oblivion.

"That is correct, what?" she scolded him.

"Sorry, Mistress it should have been that is correct Mistress." he stuttered.

"I am pleased that you bought the pager/beeper that is alphanumeric, for now I can text you instructions to follow," Mistress spoke almost in a singsong cadence.

"Now lets get on with today's tasks," she said.

Leaning down so that her whole weight was on his torso she whispered ever so softly into his right ear "Move your arms forward and place your head between your hands." He slowly moved forward feeling her shifting weight as he extended himself as this position was being assumed the ass became higher in the air and the weight of Mistress on him was like that of a balanced parcel on-top of a precipice.

Removing her robe and then returning to his back letting the soft leather make contact with his naked flesh. Just laying there on top of his back as the heat of her pussy was in direct contact with the crack of his ass. Moving just slightly letting the leather slide up and down his spine listening for any reaction that might excite her to a new level. Then it came a soft almost inaudible moan from the pits of his loins escaping his mouth as he exhaled.

"My dear this is the position," her breathe just inches from his ear the words ringing deeply into his mind.

"Whenever I tell you to assume the position this is the way I want you to be." her breathing barely able to be controlled at the rush of power she was feeling over him.

Talking into the floor and never before feeling such an arousal his answer was just loud enough for her to hear, "Yes, Mistress!"

This was her man now, her boy toy, he was now at the point where she believed that if he did not balk at the next move that she had him on a leash and that feeling of power was more intoxicating to her than she had ever felt before. Slowly moving away and quietly shucking her leather corset she dressed herself in the leather harness and clipped in the smallest dildo she had, the only reason she had this one was that the end against her was curved and rode against her clit like nothing she had ever found before.

The silence in the dungeon was an eerie feeling to him, the mind was wondering deeper inside his soul; the sensations that Mistress had stirred and boiled over had him almost at a whimper. Shocked out of his travels his mind brought back to the present as he felt the cheeks of his ass being opened and a warm liquid being applied, then without warning he felt the pressure against his dark bud, and a flood of lubrication being inserted into his exit hole. Already having lubed her plastic phallus without warning or words she began to insert it into his virgin hole. Not wanting to give him a chance to do anything but feel her power she thrust and broke through his barriers and began the slow methodical banging of his nether region. The sensations of her thighs making contact with his ass cheeks with each inward thrust, the cool air trying to refresh the growing heat of her loins with each outward pull. The thrill and passion raging within her, sending her over the top, she relentlessly pounded away fucking his ass taking his soul with each thrust. The grunts and moans filling the room like a reverberating music box.

His ass had never felt anything like this before. The pain was unbearable, the shock was unnerving, and the tears flowed down his eyes and along his cheeks making a puddle on the floor. As his mind fought to try and control the pain, his decision to return to her questioned, a new wave one of pleasure started to take over his mind, all he could feel was the Mistress touching something deeper inside him, the tip of her dildo had found his prostate and the sensations were being relayed right along the shaft of his penis and the sac holding his balls was filling to an agonizing bursting point.

Mistress Karinda had done a lot of reading on the Internet and even though this was her first time taking a man from behind she had a good inclination as to what was physically going on. Not wanting to loose him and have greater control she reached into the top of her harness pulling out two cock rings the type that is like a bolero tie. Reaching underneath him placing one just below his circumcised head and the other at the base. Pulling them tight cutting off the nerves making sure that his seed would not spill until she allowed it. Almost reaching her own orgasm, knowing now that he would not cum prematurely, with a new revived vigor the thrusting increased faster and harder, the only thought in her mind was to take him completely and for her to achieve the most powerful orgasm of her life.

Jace could not help himself the drive to cum the throbbing all along his shaft was unbelievable, he was almost at the blanking out state. His ass uncontrollable now was pushing back meeting every thrust of his Mistress taking her plastic cock deeper and deeper into his rectum and bowels. His mind a complete blank slate that she was filling; the pleasure sensors inside him were on overload, the smell of her aroma taking over and driving his sex into complete overdrive. His arousal magnifying his cock harder than a steel ramrod, the sac holding his balls floating in the air like a hot air balloon. The end had to be near or he was sure that his whole manhood would explode.

Her pleasure had never reached these heights before. She could feel the pussy dripping, no, flooding with juices draining from the tip of her head down to the tops of her toes and back up running out and down her thighs. A delicious thought ran through her brain after the orgasm sit on his face and make him clean her juices. This thought sent her over the edge and she shouted out to the heavens and earth below, (but only her and her boy) could hear the animalistic howls that cut the air around them, the waves of orgasmic pleasure flowing through every nerve and muscle of her body. Pulling out of him and releasing the harness letting it hit the dungeon floor, rolling him over and quickly lowering her pussy onto his mouth.

He was caught off guard and the suffocation was shocking the only hope he could imagine was to begin lapping at her so that she would move and air would again fill his lungs. Curling his tongue like a straw letting all her juices flow down stretching his neck so it was a direct flow down and into his stomach. His lips massaging her inner protective lips and the top lip every so often with her movements catching and flicking her clit. Feeling the flow slow down to a trickle he began to lap up the glisten juices along her inner thighs, a few small tributaries running and reaching her knees.

Wanting to reward him for being so good, Mistress Karinda leaned forward releasing the cock rings as her mouth engulfed his hardness. Sucking like a vacuum cleaner she knew that his eruption would be momentarily. Not disappointing her, he erupted spilling his seed like a gusher into her mouth and the excess dripping down the chin and along the sides of her mouth as she eagerly swallowed what she had created. Together in a sixty-nine position Mistress on top and sub below they both found an ecstasy that neither one knew existed.

Collapsing in a heap and gravity taking its course both lay together, Mistress moving so that her head was next to his.

"You do realize I own you now!!" she softly spoke into his ear.

"Yes, Mistress you do!!" he answered with respect.

"Just remember to keep your pager with you at all times," was her instruction.

"Now get dressed and find your way out and wait for my messages;" she dismissed him without fanfare.

