Penny and Leonard finally made up and were a couple again.

Sheldon had reluctantly gone to a conference at the University, so they thought they had the apartment to themselves for the day, and were making love in Leonard's bed. Leonard still couldn't believe his luck that he had scored with a girl as hot and sexy as Penny. Her body felt so good against his as she rode on him, slowly pumping her hips up and down, her hairless pussy sliding over his rigid cock. He softly sucked on one of her beautiful firm breasts, teasing her nipple as he enjoyed their love making.

knock knock knock "Leonard"

knock knock knock "Leonard"

knock knock knock "Leonard"

"Oh shit!" Penny exclaimed. "What the hell is he doing home already? At least he could have waited until I came. Damn! I was so close!"

"How do you think I feel?" squeeked Leonard. "I've wanted this for so long!"

knock knock knock "Leonard"

knock knock knock "Leonard"

knock knock knock "Leonard"

"Don't come in here, Sheldon!" Leonard called out to him. "What do you want?"

"Well, if I don't come in there," Sheldon replied, "how can I talk to you and tell you what I want?"

"The same way you are talking to me now."

"But that doesn't make any sense," Sheldon stated as he opened the door and walked in. "Oh, hi Penny. What are you doing here? Are the two of you having coitus again?"

"Well, we were until you interrupted us," she sarcastically told him as she held the sheet over her naked body.

"I'm sorry, but I need to discuss something very important with Leonard about the conference. Leonard, did you know that they were discussing string theory? I mean, really, who actually believes that hocus?"

"Are you serious?" Penny said. "THAT'S what was so important that you interrupted us and barged in here? I know you're like a super genius, but you are so fucking STUPID sometimes!"

Sheldon started to ramble on about the conference again, but Penny was tuning him out. She had been right on the edge of orgasm, the first time Leonard was going to make her cum before he did, and she needed to cum bad!

"Fuck this!" she said, pulling the sheets off and exposing her luscious body to Sheldon as she got out of the bed. "If you won't shut up and go away, then you are going to join in."

Penny reached for Sheldon's slacks and quickly undid the button and zipper, pulling his pants and Superman briefs down. Sheldon and Leonard were so surprised by her actions that neither even had a chance to say anything before Penny had Sheldon's cock in her mouth.

"W-w-w-what are you doing? You're touching me!" Sheldon exclaimed. "Ooohhh! That is a very interesting feeling! I'm experiencing some very strange sensations in my body!"

Penny pulled her mouth off of Sheldon's rapidly hardening cock long enough to say "Shut up and enjoy it. Leonard, get your geeky ass over her and start fucking me from behind."

Leonard, still in shock from seeing Penny sucking on Sheldon, quickly obeyed her and started pumping into her. Penny was ecstatic having two cocks in her for the first time in a long time. As Leonard stroked in and out of her pussy, she continued sucking on Sheldon, surprised at how nice the super nerd's dick was. It was long and thin, and she could easily get it into her throat. As she deep throated him, she reached up to play with his large heavy balls before she rubbed one finger across his butt hole, gently pushing it in.

Sheldon couldn't believe what was happening to him and the new sensations he was feeling. "Oh my sweet Jesus!" he cried out as he started cumming, shooting 30 years' worth of built up sperm down Penny's throat.

Penny felt like she was drowning. She had never had so much cum shot into her before and had to pull her mouth off his dick. She swallowed what was in her mouth as he continued spraying his cum all over her face and chest. The feeling of having so much cum on her triggered something in her and she started pounding her ass back and forth on Leonard's thick cock until she exploded in orgasm. Her pussy clenched and squeezed around Leonard's cock, causing him to shoot his load deep into her.

Sheldon collapsed onto the bed as Penny and Leonard both fell onto the floor.

"Now I know why everyone is so interested in coitus as much as they are," Sheldon stated. "That was a very interesting sensation."

"Shut the fuck up, Sheldon!" Penny told him as she pushed him back on the bed and straddled his face, putting her cum filled pussy over his mouth. "Now only open your mouth to use your tongue to lick me clean and make me cum again."

Leonard was surprised to feel himself getting hard again already, and moved over to the bed. Seeing his renewed erection, Penny grabbed it and pulled him onto the bed so she could suck him. She licked and sucked Leonard fast, wanting him to cum again so she could have him shoot all over her like Sheldon had. She wanted to be a cum slut and have as much cum cover her face and body as she could get.

Just as Sheldon was licking her to another orgasm, Leonard started to cum again and she pulled her mouth off of him so she could have him coat her with his sperm.

As she squeezed the final drops out of Leonard, she slid down Sheldon's body until she felt his cock rub against her pussy. She reached down, guiding him into her sopping hole as she started sucking on Leonard, hoping to get him hard again.

Just then, they heard the apartment door open and heard Howard call out "Howdy howdy. The eternal God of love is here."

"Yes, and I have brought Howard with me," Raj said.

"Raj, you can't be a God of love until you can actually speak to a woman while banging her when you are sober. Where is everyone? Bernadette will be up in a minute. My sexy lover is parking our love mobile."

"We're in Leonard's bedroom. Could the two of you come in here please?" Penny called out to them.

The two of them stopped dead when they saw Penny naked, riding Sheldon's cock while sucking Leonard. Raj whispered into Howard's ear.

"Yes, Mr. Obvious. Sheldon is actually getting some! I can't believe this either!"

"Are you two gonna stand there chatting all day, or are you gonna strip and give me your cocks?" Penny asked them.

They looked at each other for a second or two before quickly stripping, both of them trying not to be too obvious about checking out the other's package. They climbed onto the bed on either side of Penny and she grabbed their already hard dicks, stroking them and making them harder.

"Oh my God!" Penny called out. "I can't believe I'm doing this! But I want all of your cum all over me!"

She started alternating sucking Raj, Howard and Leonard while still fucking herself up and down on Sheldon's long dick, feeling it go far enough into her to hit her cervix each time she pushed her ass cheeks against her thighs. She would suck on one cock while stroking the other two, then move to the next cock, taking it into her warm wet mouth.

Leonard, already having cum twice, wasn't even close to cumming again yet, but Penny quickly made Raj and Howard cum, spraying their cum over her tits and stomach. She had cum dripping off of her and reached one hand down to rub it all over while she moved her other hand down to rub her clit, making herself cum again. She pulled up off Sheldon when she felt that he was ready to cum and held his dick inches from her face so he shot all over it as well as into her open waiting mouth.

As she licked the last drops off of Sheldon's cock, Bernadette walked into the room. She couldn't believe what she was seeing, but quickly ran over to the bed when she saw the cum covering Penny. She started licking it off Penny's soft skin as she reached down to push her skirt and panties off, stopping only to pull her blouse and bra off, exposing her large DD cup tits for everyone to see before resuming her licking of Penny's body.

Howard leaned forward and started sucking on one of her long, thick nipples while Leonard, having not cum again, moved behind her and slid into her tight hole, pounding her hard and fast. Raj, feeling left out, moved one hand down to Bernadette's pussy, rubbing her clit before slowly moving his mouth down to Howard's cock, sliding it between his lips and started to suck on his best friend.

Bernadette had moved her mouth down and was now licking Penny's cunt, trying unsuccessfully to suck all the juices and mixed cum from her hole. Sheldon, still hard, wasn't sure what he should do, and, seeing Raj's brown hole sticking out, pushed his cock into Raj's ass.

"What are you doing, dude? That is my ass that you are trying to fuck!"

"Hey, Raj! I guess being ass fucked makes you talk around girls too!" Leonard said.

"Yeah," Penny agreed. "Maybe instead of a couple drinks, we should shove a butt plug in your ass whenever we want to talk to you!"

Even with the shock of having Sheldon's cock shoved into his ass, Raj quickly became hard again. Seeing his renewed erection, Penny moved around to take it into her mouth. He was about average length, but very thick, and she had difficulty opening her mouth wide enough to get him in. But she eventually did, and sucked on him until he came in her mouth, filling her mouth and throat as she tried to swallow it. Sheldon's cock erupted in Raj's ass at the same time, and he collapsed, completely drained and observed Leonard fucking Bernadette while she continued eating Penny and Raj resumed sucking on Howard's cock.

They all came almost at the same time and all collapsed onto the bed in a twisted mingling of bodies. They rested like that for almost half an hour before Penny spoke.

"Who's ready to go again? I want all three holes plugged at the same time. Who's 'up' for it?"

"She's my girlfriend, so I should get first pick. I want her pussy," Leonard told everyone.

"Sheldon, I want you in my ass," Penny told him as she climbed onto Leonard's dick.

He moved into position behind her, slowly feeding his cock into her ass, as she reached for Howard, pulling him to her mouth. She had to keep herself from giggling when she took her first good look at his little 4inch dick, but quickly sucked it into her mouth. Feeling left out, Bernadette climbed over Raj in a 69 and they ate each other wildly while trying to watch Penny getting all her holes fucked at the same time. After several minutes, Raj spun around and pushed his dick into Bernadette's waiting hole, causing her to scream out as he stretched her hole to fit his thick cock, and he started fucking her harder and better than she had ever had it before.

"Maybe I'm with the wrong guy," she thought to herself. "Must be all that Indian Kama Sutra stuff, but DAMN! He knows how to please a girl!"

The six of them continued fucking and sucking each other for hours, until they were all too worn out to continue.

"Sheldon? Didn't you have something you wanted to talk to Leonard about?" Penny asked.

"Fuck that!" Sheldon said. "From now on, I'm studying Anatomy and Biology. Now let me have another taste of your anatomy and Bernadette can give me another biology lesson," he told them as he pulled Penny over so her still cum filled pussy was on his mouth and Bernadette straddled his hips, lowering her pussy on his again erect cock.

The end??